Four Rivers is the best there is in Orlando!  There... I said it!  I live completely across town on the west side of Orlando but will make the trip just to have some BBQ at Four Rivers.  The pulled pork is the best and beats the pants off my local place here in Winter Garden.  I know there is always a line to get food but it is well worth it.  Even my friends who are vegetarians will eat here with me because they can order many of the side dishes and come out full.   All the reviews say it all... Four Rivers is the best in Orlando. The only great news I can add is that I got to enjoy Four Rivers recently at the Winter Garden Music Fest.  They had a booth there and it was nice to have their food so close to home.  Then I asked why they were so far away from home and they told me they were opening a new place right here in Winter Garden!  Holy Carp!  They will be opening in the spring of 2011 right on the corner of 50 and Dillard!  Less than a mile from my house!  I hope to be the first to review them when they open!   Thanks Four Rivers and we here in Winter Garden look forward to being your second home!
It's interesting because the first time I had Four Rivers it was actually catered for my boss's birthday. My partner in crime had been going on and on about it for a long time, and so after I tasted the brisket, pulled pork, cheese grits, and green beans for myself all I knew was that I had to go back and experience the real thing. Fastforward a few days and there I was--fighting for a parking space (parking is incredibly tight, so watch out or else you run the risk of getting towed), waiting in a huge line in the middle of the day in late June (there is no air conditioned seating, only an outdoor patio), and parusing the old fashioned soda selection (everything from Dad's rootbeer to Cheerwine). I decided to go with the 4 rivers cuban, which is not to be taken lightly. This sandwich is stuffed with so much meat, that I honestly recommend getting it by itself, meaning no sides necessary. But of course since this was my first real trip to 4R, I had to get sides. I went with the cheese grits (which you MUST try even if you don't like grits--trust me on this) and their mac 'n cheese. Both were amazing. My one regret is that I didn't grab one of their giantess deserts--they have everything from coconut cake to gigantuan cupcakes. Even if you're only in Orlando for a few days, you need to hit up Four Rivers BBQ. It is worth the hype and then some.
Believe the hype. Wait in line. Messy Pig FTW!
This is truly as good as it gets when It comes to BBQ.  We normally call ahead and pick up our order and take it home.  I've had four rivers at events and I've eaten there by myself.  It's really good.  You can't go wrong on the menu.  Everything is amazing.  I feel bad for other BBQ places in Orlando.  I don't know how they are going to survive.  If we want BBQ, we go to Four Rivers.
I am going to keep this review as short and sweet as possible, since you have 2.5 billion other Four Rivers reviews to read before making your dinner decision... The brisket sandwich is awesome. Their beans are even better. Their sweet potato casserole is even better still. I will have happy dreams about it tonight. Prices are reasonable. Parking is atrocious. Expect five star food with a three star line and parking lot. Once more locations open up (or the hipster fad dies down), this location will be much better. Right now, it is the Texas BBQ equivalent of lining up in front of an Apple store for the new iWhatever version 2. Unless you live close to Winter Park, I would try the Winter Garden location or one of the many other fine BBQ places in the area that don't have sticker-laden Prii circling for parking. Note: Prii is the plural of Prius.
This restaurant has the best pulled pork i have in a long while!!  Being a true North Carolina gal, my loyalty lies with eastern NC barbecue, but Four Rivers comes in at a close second.  I recently attended a party where their piggy goodness was catered in.  I must say I am a changed woman.  I wait with bated breath to eat at the actual restaurant.  I will update my review when that monumental day arrives.
4Rivers Smokehouse is a solid, authentic, BBQ spot located 20 exits north of Disney's on I-4. Expect a cafeteria-style process and pricing with a first-class upgrade in the quality department. It works like this: drive up and find a parking spot; take a menu and figure out what you want to order while waiting in a line; try a few samples to confirm your pick and place your order with the server behind the counter; pay and grab your food a little further down the line; find a table outside (if you can); enjoy. Mains to get: pulled chicken, brisket, ribs, smokehouse turkey, pulled pork (sandwiches or plates). Sides to get: smokehouse corn, baked beans, mac 'n cheese; sweet potato casserole; fried okra. Desserts: skip the menu items and go for the free ice cream in the eating area. Things to forget: baked cheese grits, collards, fries.
Being in town for business, I had to venture out to Four Rivers somehow for some Q after reading awesome reviews.  As I pull up, the smaller parking lot of maybe 10 cars max, on a gravel platform was nearly full at 5:30 PM on a weekday.  I was thinking this place must be the spot.  As I approach their outdoor patio seating area, I was kind of confused of where to go, nobody greeted me or anything, but I found the entrance.  As I walk in, I see a huge board listing all the goodness.  I honestly had a very difficult time deciding what to get.  I got with the southern pulled pork, with an extra meat, I decided to go with burnt ends, mashed sweet potato, cheesy grits, and green beans.  Oh, they have a huge selection of bottled drinks, a handful I've never seen before, so I go for one of these.  The gentleman preps my tray, by getting the parchment paper, plops on the proteins, the next lady puts piles on the sides and lastly, I get rang up.  I got the dinner platter and a drink, which ended up just shy of $20.  I initially thought that was a tad expensive, but whatever, this best be some good Q. Pulled Pork: Unfortunately, mine was dry vs being moist.  The seasoning however was really good, but I so wish it wasn't so dry and I could really enjoy this.  I did pile on their hot bbq sauce, which was excellent by the way, so if you enjoy hots, please try this sauce. Burnt ends:  Delicious.  The smokey taste and flavor was amazing and hit the spot.  I mean you can really taste the smoke in your palette.  Done well in my opinion and again, with that touch of hot bbq sauce definitely a winner. Cheesy Grits:  If I could, I'd pay for this recipe.  Now I don't often eat grits where I am, but when I do, these cannot compare to what I've had in the past.  These were delicious, great texture and served hot.  Loved it. Green Beans:  Nothing extraordinary here, same ol green beans you get from most places. Mashed Sweet Potato: the.best.ever.  no joke.  These sweet potatoes were the best I've ever had.  An awesome, even, creamy texture.  The taste of each bite was perfect with the saltiness of the proteins.  Wow, I can taste it as I am writing this, I wish I could freeze a few tubs and eat it when I want. So when you get your food, you exit the door and sit outside.  At the tables, there are condiments, a station for fountain soda, cutlery, and a convenient sink right outside to wash your grubby hands after you devour your food.  I noticed a server going around too, maybe I couldn't just sat down and they would've stopped over to take my order.  As I was outside eating, I noticed a bunch of people running in and getting carry-out.  Car after car, came through to get their to-go bags.  This just showed me all the locals that come here for some good food.  If I was in the area, I definitely come here more and this place will definitely be in mind if I am in town ever again.  I would've easily given this place a 4-stars if my pulled pork wasn't so dry.
I've been to quite a few BBQ places and this one is near the top of my list. Good BBQ in Orlando has been come and go, O'Boys is no longer, and I was never a Bubbalous fan, so that pretty much left me with Sonny's (which is okay for a chain) and Woody's. Then 4Rivers moved into town and changed all that. They've got a great meat selection - pork, beef, turkey and chicken in several ways. They say their specialty is the brisket and they're right - it's probably the most tender brisket I've ever had in my life with a rich beefy flavor so good I didn't even want to put sauce on it. The smoke flavor isn't overpowering and the meat has always been moist and tender when it should be (chicken, pulled pork) and just the right amount of chew when you want it (st. louis ribs!). Great list of sides, the usuals plus a few more unique offerings like fried pickles, grits, and bread pudding. They also go above and beyond with the sandwiches - it's not just the meats slapped on a bun, they have more substantial recipes like a BBQ cuban, Another impressive offering is their sodas - sure they have a normal tap machine, but the back wall is a full cold case of sodas from years past and across the country. The crowning moment for my first 4RIvers trip was seeing the "rainbow" of Sprecher Brewery sodas - they had 6 of their flavors in bottles, each one a different color to make a rainbow of my favorite soda brand ever. I have NEVER seen Sprecher for sale in Florida - I always had to smuggle a few bottles back in my luggage from when I'd visit Wisconsin. Seeing one of Milwaukee's finest microbreweries represented here nearly brought a tear to my eye - I was in love with this place and hadn't even placed a food order. I've yet to see them without a line out the door. Be prepared to wait a good 15 minutes minimum to grab a meal - but every second is worth it. I will stand in the rain, in the sun, through a hurricane, to get a 4RIvers meal. I live in Ft. Lauderdale, but 4Rivers is a must-do when I'm up in Orlando.
Being from Alabama, I was a bit skeptical when my sister-in-law told me this was THE BEST BBQ anywhere. I think I may be mail ordering it.
Wow, just looking at this place made me gain 5 pounds!  I can't tell you how refreshing it is to have some top quality BBQ with all the fixin's! Now I am from Georgia, so I'm a pretty good judge of BBQ and fixin's.  And this place does it up right with Mac 'n Cheese, cornbread, greens and all kinds of finger lickin' goodness.   They even featured it at work a few weeks ago and there was a mad dash to the cafeteria.  You would have thought the fire alarm went off the way the building cleared out.   So come hungry and maybe skip lunch because you'll eat very well at this great restaurant!
If you don't know of 4River's by now..well time to get out of that rock you been under. If your anyone i'm pretty sure you've notice the 4R decals phenomenon around town. Hands down one of the most popular joints around in Orlando, i know everybody has their talks on Bbq, but once you put that aside and taste the melt-in-your-mouth brisket there's no argument but only moans of a happy mouth/stomach. Besides the well tended to meats, the sides @4R's speak for their selves. My favorite has to be the sweet potato casserole, its a curse in a beautiful way, as much as you love it, you hate it when you don't have it. What they're doing is ceaseless amounts of trial and error, well paid off hard work and all we have to do is eat, enjoy, love it. Life couldn't be more blissful
Ok, Im rewriting my review here because Ive started to realize a thing or two about 4R Smokehouse. ITS ALL ABOUT THE BRISKET! Now Im not knocking their other barbecue, its all ok, even good, but not amazing. I have now tried every piece of meat they have to offer and the real standout is Brisket. So if you have never had amazing brisket, then 4 Rivers is the place to go. Now the sides and deserts are amazing don't get me wrong. If I was in the mood for "Good" barbecue and I didn't want brisket I probably wouldn't waste the gas to drive to 4R. But if I had to have that sweet buttery brisket I would probably drive there through a hurricane and hail and tornadoes to get me a piece, thats how good it is. Now this is definitely one of those restaurants where the other meats are no slouch, but they just are not as amazing as the brisket, they are good at best imo. Everything about this place is A-OK, so check it out, if your new then you have to try the brisket, if your a regular then you know what Im talking about. if you don't know good barbecue then you probably will disagree with me here but whatever. I know great barbecue and I know great brisket, this place has the latter along with a pretty good supporting cast. If your a barbecue addict then you probably want to head to your favorite joint, but if you need to satisfy your urge to splurge on some of the best melt in yo mouf brisket then head down there.
Hands down, this is the best fracking BBQ in Orlando!  Cornbread salad is a must trry.  The prime rib sandwich, Oh emm geee.  Just go, trust me.
Best BBQ in town!! Not sure there is more i need to say. Their  Burnt Ends meat is really delicious as a sandwich or on a salad.  I also recommend their sweet potato casserole and  coleslaw for sides (i want to try others, but these two are soo good, i just haven't yet). The only things i was not to excited by was their corn bread or biscuit. There are so many other side options you won't even miss them. Plus everyone who works there is very friendly and welcoming. There usually is a long line during lunch and dinner rush, but they sometimes give out samples which is nice. One thing to remember this is not a sit down restaurant. You have to order you food inside and then find a table out back to sit. Yes all seating is outdoors. On colder nights they have heaters and windbreakers. I am sure they probably have a fan or something for hot summer days. Also if you plan to do carry out, call ahead so you can skip the line and go directly to the quick pick up window.
Great BBQ!! I am a bit picky when it comes to BBQ, but this place get's high ratings...Good smoky flavor and very tender and juicy brisket! Some of the best I've had, except of course some of the brisket I have back in Texas or made myself.  The Ribs are good, not great!  They have a very good bananas foster bread pudding..I will certainly be back and recommend it as well!!
You make my mouth happy. I love it when that hot meat just explodes in my mouth... with flavor. Four Rivers is the second best stimulating sensation in the world next to my woman...ooo and it's a close second. (just playin baby) There really is no feeling like that hot meat juice sliding down your throat, tingling your nostrils and making your stomack scream in pleasure. Oh I'm serious about my  4-Riv. So serious I'll be waiting in line when the Winter Garden store opens dancing like a teenage boy with his first Playboy. Now lets get real for a moment. The lunch rush at 4-Riv lasts from 10-3 with a steady line climbing out the door, full of hungry carnivores on a mission. Theres no parking unless you go across the street, no seating unless you sit on your hood(which is across the street.) And no way in hell your getting out of there without having thoughts about fornicating with the food. Never in your life will have BBQ so consistently good. What should you try...everything. When you should try it...right fricken now. I'm not playing get your a** out of the drive through and go stand in the sun while waiting for some sexy BBQ. It's that good. Doug the carnivore out.
Wow!! That's about sums it up!! We stumbled on this place when our original dinner plans didn't pan out. We checked in with our trusty yelp to see what was a good dinner choice in the area and they said 4 rivers. So we pulled in at 8 pm. That's when they closed. The first thing i noticed was the smell. You could smell the smoker working overtime. My mouth started to water. I asked if we where too late for dinner and they said no come on in. The menu was huge with so many choices so we asked one of the employees what to get and he suggested the pulled pork and brisket. Omg!! Delicious!! It was soo smokey and tender. I had Mac and cheese and fried pickles as my sides and my hubby had the corn and the baked beans and he loved them both!! I also got an extra side of the fried jalapeños with cream cheese wrapped in extra thick bacon. Made my mouth very happy!! Yum!! Then we went in for dessert and this location has a bakery in it. Wow wow wow. We got the pecan pie bar and a coconut chocolate chip bar. It was heaven on a fork!! All the food plus dessert and drinks was less than $30.  The service was great and the staff so friendly. I can't wait to go on vacation in Florida again just so i can eat here!! It was that good!!
Overall: Great Texas BBQ. OK, parking and dealing with the line is rough, but like everyone has Yelped before: it's worth it. The outdoor seating are picnic tables and two bars with stools, so grab an empty seat where ever one is available. Even though there are fans blowing, I can imagine this place getting really hot in the summer. I ordered a 1/4 chicken with jalapeno cornbread, mac and cheese, and fried okra. The chicken was juicy and tasted great. I added BBQ sauce from a bottle but it wasn't labeled so I am sure what kind of BBQ sauce it was, but it was good. The mac and cheese was hot and delicious. The fried okra was a little too salty for my taste but I still ate it all. The cornbread was not spicy and tasted great. I wanted to order dessert because the cakes looked fabulous, but I was too full. I will definitely be back!
TONS of food choices. Walk up counter service is friendly. Outdoor seating wait staff very efficient and nice. BBQ Angus brisket, smoked tomato vinagrette salad dressing, corn, smoked jalapeños, beans and cornbread all VERY good.
The brisket is worth trying; is this place overrated? Sometimes, but you will not be disappointed to try it. The food has improved--I do agree with some reviews regarding "hit or miss" aspects and inconsistencies--sides weren't so good when they first opened but they have been consistently fresh over my last three visits. They've also improved the selection of desserts but I have not yet tried them... Go there from 15:00-17:00 on weekdays to avoid the lines. Saturday nights can be empty, but not always.
Best barbecue I've ever had. Period.
If you think Sonny's is "GOOD BBQ" your head wil probably explode after eating this stuff. This is real BBQ...Just read the reviews...it's all pretty much right. Yeah..you're gonna have to wait in line for a few minutes, but it's worth it. Holy BBQ sauce it's amazing. They also catered my friends wedding and even that was amazing! I'm not gonna go into the details, if I do I might have to drive all the way over there to get more. Just go eat there if you haven't already! Edit: Parking sucks, majorly. It's a tiny lot, with 50 cars trying to get in one place. If you drive a truck or SUV you can probably easily make your own parking spot up on the curb or next to the dumpster behind the place. If you have a car, good luck. Update: So, nothing makes me feel like more of a sucess than calling in an Order at 7pm on a Friday night and walking straight to the front of the line of 100 people.
BBQ heaven.  I have been to Memphis, Kansas City, the Carolinas, and Austin.  Four Rivers BBQ rivals and in most cases, surpasses any of 'em.  A guest of 4R probably 15-20 times, I have gotten pretty intimate with the Messy Pig, and its friends the baked beans, cornbread, and fried pickles.  Every time I get in that line (and there will be one), my mouth waters at the thought of a GIANT pulled pork sandwich piled sky-high with slaw and jalapenos.  Outdoor, family style seating on benches and picnic tables makes eating more enjoyable.  I have never had a problem not finding a seat, whether it be next to a guy in scrubs, a suit, or boardshorts and a tanktop.  Everyone is always happy to move aside and eat with you.  All in all one of the best spots in Orlando to enjoy a meal.  Always my first stop whenever someone flies into town.  A great treat for the City Beautiful.
on my quest looking for great bbq for my sisters 25th birthday so many people have raved about 4 rivers Since its 3 blocks away from my job i decided it was perfect. Didn't know what to expect once i walked in and there was a food line like the cafeteria in school. Once at the beginning of the line this nice gentleman gave me a sample of their signature brisket and raved how succulent and flavorful their beef was. NOT !!!! it was the driest brisket i have ever tried. So of course i steered away from the brisket and went the safe route and got the cuban (which sounded devine) with a side of mac and cheese & pot salad my sister got the pull pork sandwich and my mother the 1/2 rack of ribs. Here is when it all went sour, my mothers ribs were greasy like they were fried and way tooooooo over salted that she was not even able to eat it she was left eating her cold slaw and french fries. I waited 10 mins for my sandwich which i was fine with since they were actually making it fresh. Once it came i didnt see any onion rings as the description promised and was on the dry side but all and all enjoyed half of my sandwich. Now the mac & cheese . . . . . . . . DO NOT ORDER THE MAC AND CHEESE. It was soup with noodles in it. no flavor and just disturbing. Im not sure what everyone raves about but if i just ordered the wrong thing and not what they are known for then please let me know so i can maybe maybe give them another try. Am i right or am i right ?????
absolutely, positively, the best bbq in the entire state of florida will be found at 4 rivers at all their locations!! there's not one negative thing any one can say about their restaurants, wait staff, catering service.
Best brisket I've ever had...better than some fine establishments I've been to in Kansas, Arkansas, and NYC BBQ spots.
I admit that I have always had a great meal at any of their locations, but I can't help thinking that the lines for this place and the long wait of 30-45 are a bit much.  This place is good, but I don't think it's worth the hassle (but I also don't think Black-Friday is worth the hassle either) so take or leave my advice.  A good tip is to order their take out, go grab a few beers or wine and enjoy a good meal from the comfort of your home or if the weather is nice, to head to a park nearby and red solo cup it up!
I can't get enough 4 Rivers!!  If you have a craving for the best BBQ in Orlando, then make a stop over at the 4R.  The portions are very generous there and I always have enough for lunch the next day.   I'm a fan of their pulled pork!  (I'm part Cuban so I'm a sucker for pork.)  Then, they have so many amazing sides to choose from.  I always debate between the corn bread, mac and cheese, baked beans, corn, stuffed jalepenos, or fried pickles.   They really have a top notch staff, too.  Everyone is super friendly and if you want to try anything before you order it, they are more than willing to give you a little taste of their heavenly BBQ.   FYI: Closed on Sundays
Best BBQ in Orlando. Always a fan of the their specialty sandwiches.  Grit cakes, fried okra and Mac n cheese are yummy too!
So delicious! I was in town visiting my sister, and she thought I'd like it. Ding ding ding! Point for the oldest sister. The wait was a little long, but completely worth it! I got the southern pulled port sandwich (staple, and should be awesome because this is a BBQ joint)... and I wasn't disappointed! Sauced just right, but had more at the table for those who like their meat swimming in sauce. Came with two sides (at just about $8)... I got mac n' cheese (creamy, cheesy loveliness) and sweet-potato casserole (on the savory side, just how I like it... but with a few pecans, yum). I tried the cornbread (spicy, which is fine if you know it going into it... I did not) and baked beans (AMAZING!!!!). The beans floored me, and the cornbread sat on the table while nobody (out of 7 of us) ate it. I did debate taking it with us to feed to some wildlife, but I figured that I shouldn't take part in animal cruelty. Moral of story: All is great, but skip the cornbread (unless you are feeling super adventurous!
Excellent!! Pulled pork & brisket are awesome! The line is long but well worth the wait!
Wow. This is hands down the best barbeque I have ever tasted. If you haven't gone yet, you are sorely missing out. I went there on a Wednesdayday night, and again on a Friday afternoon and both times the crowd was minimal. However I can see from some of the other reviews and the quality of the food how this place could get crowded pretty quick. I ordered a plate of the Burnt Ends along with some sausage. Where they really excel though is their sides. The Corn is great, and contains different ingredients like green and red peppers and onions and is highly seasoned. It remind me a great deal of Mexican Corn. The baked beans are awesome as well. They seem to add some bacon, onion and barbeque sauce which makes them really stand out. I also like their Krispy Kreme bread pudding, even though I don't like bread pudding. They also have a sweet shop and ice cream shop next door as part of the same outfit. The cake balls are absolutely to die for good. They are moist cake with a simple sugary icing and topped with coconut. Delish!
Surprisingly good find just outside of Orlando.  I am from Texas, so BBQ in FL isn't the first thing I think of.  A buddy suggested the place so I went.  The first thing you notice is the line coming out the door and the smell of mesquite = a very good sign for BBQ.  The brisket was good, but not great.  The sides were fantastic, especially the smoked jalapenos wrapped in bacon.  I could have made a meal of just those.  Overall, Four Rivers is one of the better joints I've been to in a while.  I'll be back next time i am in town.
Somehow, I've never reviewed 4 Rivers. What is wrong with me?! I come here all the freaking time!! I've been going since they were in the location across the street that was half the size! My absolute favorite things on the 4 Rivers menu are the lean brisket, the green beans, baked cheese grits, and BBQ quesadilla. I'm also a fan of the pulled pork and burnt ends. The smokey flavor of their meats is absolute perfection, but if you're someone that prefers your meat slathered in sauce, you may be disappointed. Their meat is served with very little sauce on it, but there are two types of sauce at each table. I definitely think the mac & cheese here could step up a notch or two...there's not a whole lot of flavor to it unfortunately. Maybe after trying the mac & cheese at the COOP, I just no longer want the mac & cheese from 4 Rivers. I tend to order take out ahead of time so I can avoid waiting in the line. The line can be killer (I've seen it wrapped most of the way around the building), especially when it's hot out (all the time...Thanks, Florida). But, the food is worth the wait. I have never been disappointed with my food here, and I get food here all the time. Their sweet shop is also fantastic. I tried the Doritos Mountain Dew cupcake today, out of curiosity, and was pleasantly surprised. It was the perfect mix of sweet and salty. Their red velvet is heavenly, and their pumpkin cupcake was moist and perfectly spiced. The best thing aside from the food about 4Rivers is the quality of customer service. They are fantastic. Today, I stopped by for lunch with a friend who had never been before. They let him sample several of their meats & sides, PLUS gave him an entire order of fries for free. Then, they let us sample small bits of cupcake. The staff that cleans up the dining area was friendly and talkative, and they were on top of keeping the area clean. Great job all around!
This is not the best BBQ I've ever had (Memphis has that), but it is the best that Orlando has to offer. The brisket is really tender but be prepared for a strong smoke flavor. The ribs fell off the bones. Sausage was pretty good but nothing special.  The pulled pork is waaaaaay too wet.  I read someone elses review that said it's like the stuff you get in a tub at the grocery store...I agree. The sides were good but I still found myself doctoring the green beans and greens. If I put this in Memphis I would probably only give it 3 stars but since it's in Orlando it gets 4. It satisfies my BBQ craving for a minute but I'm still in search of more.
Came for the brisket, fell in love with the pulled pork!  On the hunt for some bbq while visiting Orlando, we found this place on Yelp.  It did not disappoint! Lucked out and arrived right before a big dinner line started.  Customer service was excellent!  So patient while we decided on our meals and samples are plentiful.  Ordered brisket, ribs,  pulled pork and half of the side menu.  Nothing super stand out about the sides but they were yummy.   Outdoor eating area is small but ambiance is cozy, rustic and friendly.  Plus they have all the items you need out there like utensils, to go boxes and an outdoor sink to wash off your bbq hands!
I don't get the hype. Do I want to stand outside in line in 90 degree weather to eat hot, fatty, greasy BBQ? Not really. Do I sacrifice because I love my fiance and he is a rib addict? Of course. My first issue is this: I get that this place does not cater to the health conscious. But I once asked for nutrition information for mitigation purposes--and was promptly laughed at by an employee. When I spoke to another employee during a catered event, he explained that no matter how popular this lardhouse gets, they will never have enough restaurants to qualify for the required disclosure of nutrition. Why? because everything they make is so filled with fat and sugar and lard to make it taste good, that the truth would scare away the patrons. I enjoy the occasional indulgence, but I at least like to know the extent of my fat binge and how much sweat I will need to fight off my fat girl. Second--I don't really find the BBQ that impressive. I've tried the brisket, turkey, chicken, pulled pork and ribs. Meh. Nothing makes me want to come back for more. And the sides. Everyone raves about the sides. I don't like to sweat grease, and none of the options are a light or refreshing offset to heavy BBQ entrees. Caveat: my inner fat girl drools over the sweet treat station, but I have yet to try any of their desserts because who really needs a cupcake the size of their head?
Seriously... if I still ate meat, I would definitely be eating here everyday. I would be so fat because everything here is worth trying once or twice or forever. My personal favorite is The Six Shooter for $6.99 Cheese grits topped with pulled pork, southern slaw, pickles, jalapenos and 4R sauce. I wish I could recreate this myself but that distinct 4Rivers sauce is not easy to copy! There is always a long line to order, but once you make it to the front, its worth the wait!
In Orlando on business and were on our way to a nice place in Winter Park. We get off I-4 at Fairbanks exit, drive a block or two and we see this sort of shack by side of the road. First we smelled the smoked meat and then  we saw the pit out back. We hung a left turn and had one of the best meals ever! Recommend the burnt ends; the six shooter-cheese grits topped with pulled pork, slaw, pickles, jalapeños and their house BBQ sauce-is to die for!! The sides we tried included BBQ beans, sweet potato casserole, collards and coleslaw. All just the right portions and well made. My friend  loved the cornbread salad. The atmosphere was jovial with outside family style seating at picnic tables and seating at the bars that surround two sides of the building, again all outside. Went on Friday evening around 6. Lines are long but they move fast and efficiently. Just found a reason to return to Orlando!
YUM YUM YUM. I'm not usually a huge bbq fan but for this place I will be.  It's absolutely delicious.  Mouthwatering smell when you pull up and it's just awesomeness in your mouth. It's so far from where I live that we almost never go.  We'll make a trip to trader joes and stop here, but that only happens about once every other month.  Please open up a restaurant closer to where I live!!!
I just had my first experience at Four Rivers, and can I say "delish".  I absolutely love BBQ, and so happy I was finally able to give this a try. I had the "burnt end sandwich". It had a very smokey taste, and while I normally prefer a sweet sauce, this was very good. An entire new take on the BBQ sandwich.... Now all I need to know is where do they get their desserts?!?!?!!!! Like everyone else says, parking is bare, I recommend take out.  I called and as soon as I got there, it was ready! All in all,  I think I found a new favorite!
I was there a week ago and I was very disappointed by their bbq ribs.  It was very dry. not worth 10minutes in the line.   My friend had the beef brisket and it was great so I am giving only 3 stars.  If you want pulled port and brisket go to 4 Rivers if you want Ribs don't go there.
I LOVE 4Rivers! I live out-of-state now, so 4Rivers is my comfort food when I visit :)
I often drive all the way from UCF area to Four River Smokehouse for the BBQ. They are the best in Central Florida by a country mile. I have traveled alot in Texas and the Brisket at Four Rivers is better than 95% of what I tried in Houston and Dallas. Most of the sides are outstanding too, try the BBQ Beans and the baked Cheese Grits. The deserts look incredible but I have never been able to try one because I am stuffed and satisfied with my lunch. This barbecue is so good it makes you wanna slap yourself for eating so much!
I like meat and lived in Dallas where they know something about BBQ. 4 Rivers is the only place in town where I can get tender, flavorful brisket, it's awesome. I really enjoy the pulled pork and sausages, too. The smoked bacon wrapped poppers are awesome. We keep the regular and the spicy sauce at home all the time.
I really don't know how to put this place into words... Like really my stomach is growling thinking about it since its been about a year since I have had some. Yes the lines can be extremely long some days. but this is one of the few places I would really wait (unless it was raining and such...). The deserts are good as well. If they shipped food or opened a location in South Florida... I would be the 2nd happiest person alive.
Without a doubt the best barbecue i have ever had. I live 250 miles away and wish it was nearby. The brisket is just mouthwatering. The sides are all great. The prices are fair. Its a must stop every time i am in orlando. A friend recommended it and its amazing. Forget the reviews, just go.
Can't wait for the breakfast menu someday!!
I've travelled the country and had kc bbq and Dallas bbq, just to name a few. This was the best I have had. They gave generous portions and the meat was flavorful and moist. The brisket was very tasty and didn't even need sauce to make it taste good.
Came in at the suggestion of some co-workers when I was in town for business. Glad I gave this place a shot. I tried the beef rib. Prices reasonable. Portions gigantic. Food delicious. Couldn't really ask for anything more. Word on the street is that it gets pretty busy, so we made a point to hit it during off hours.
I've eaten barbecue all up and down the east coast, and this place tops them all. This is a true Barbecue Smoke House. If you have never eaten true Barbecue, you have to go here, there's a reason why its the Top restaurant to eat in Orlando. The con's is the Parking sucks and the line you have to wait in is around the corner probably 20 to 30 minutes on a good day!!! The long line means the food is awesome!! This is place is the BEST!!!! 5 stars!!!!
Widely lauded as the best BBQ in town, and that may be true... I, myself, don't like food quite this rich, but it is good... I just try not to eat too much of it. Definitely tasty, but can very much put you under if you eat too much of the salty, rich food... Super clean, super professional, always a line out the door - that says something about this orlando staple.
Quite possibly the best BBQ in all of Central Florida. The Brisket was great, and the sides have that real homecookin' taste. I highly suggest getting their early to beat the line, or get their after the lunch rush. Parking is scarce (in fact you might have to park across the street), and there isn't enough tables to accommodate the masses of people coming to sample what all the buzz is about. So park where you can and get it to go... that's my suggestion.
Awesome food!
Absolutely loved their BBQ. Reminded me of my favorite joint in Houston, and trust me, that is a compliment. The pulled pork was so tasty that I didn't even put any sauce on it - and that is just the way I like it. My side dishes, baked beans and mac & cheese, were equally yummy. The only disappointment is that I didn't have room for dessert. Their baked goods looked incredibly delectable!
For the best BBQ in Central Florida 4Rivers Smokehouse is a must visit! My favorite choice, especially for someone who hasn't tried their food before would be to get the Sliders with 3 different choices. Usually it's pulled pork, burnt end, and brisket for myself. This will let you find out which one you like the best for the next trip. Sides are plenty! A few of my favorites are mac n cheese, fried pickles, baked beans, and coleslaw. If you haven't tried fried pickles before, it's a must to sample. Parking tip - Just park at the church across the street, don't bother looking for a spot right near the restaurant. Don't park in the neighborhood next to 4Rivers, you will get a parking ticket by Winter Park Police!. Lines are always out the door. Plan to wait in line at any key meal time, but remember it's not a large place indoors, so out the door doesn't always mean it will be a super long wait. Seating is limited, so if you have a good size group it might be better to get it to go or order for pickup. If you liked the Winter Park location you now have a new choice with the Winter Garden location now opened with lots of seating and parking available.
Solid BBQ but I'm not sure what everyone is going crazy about.  The smoked Jalapenos wrapped in bacon were my favorite item...the other sides, especially the fried okra were meh.  If it's the closest BBQ around, do it; otherwise it's just not worth the line and absolutely hellish parking
I was here once and was not impressed, but I decided to give it a second chance and holy crap! Good thing I did the ribs and off the bone licking good and brisket was so good it didn't even need sauce so give it flavor and holy crap the jalapeño cornbread was so good I recommend this place to anyone who wants good bbq!
BBQ is subjective, so read a few reviews to make sure it fits your style. I ordered a full rack of ribs which were cooked to perfection. The sauce is a sweet sauce which is perfect for me.  You get three sides with a dinner order. All I can say about that is BACON wrapped jalapeño poppers. For desert I ordered carrot cake. Better than most, but a bit spongy. Line was about ten minutes and seating is out back.
The line took at least an hour, but it was worth it.  Everything was really good and we fed four people a lot of food for less than $50.  We even had leftovers. The best best thing I had here were the cheese grits.  They looked a little suspicious at first because they were cut out of a pan, but they were amazing.  I also enjoyed the fried pickles.  I was too full for desert, but they look amazing and I'll have to try that next time.
Was in Orlando for work and happen to come across this place on yelp and I have to say that I am glad I did. The food was excellent. We had the messy pig, brisket sandwich and St. Louis stil ribs by far the best BBQ I have had. The sides were really delish as well. Would giggle recommend if you love BBQ and don't mind casual dining. Would def be a place I eat every time I'm in Orlando. Great job guys!!
If not for the parking, I would give this location 4 or 5 stars... The food is incredible!  My favorite is the Six Shooter and the barbecue sauce complements the meat so well... however, I must say you can eat the meat alone and it would be delicious.  The service is excellent and how appropriate for a BBQ spot to have outdoor bench seating, yet complete with a serve-yourself 'depot' of plastic ware, to-go containers, napkins, and soda... so you don't have to want for anything..... except for PARKING! My tip is, to come early or late or order ahead, pick up at the window and have someone else drive the car while you pick up your order!  Or better yet, try out the new Longwood location :)
Me and my wife shared a brisket and Texas sausage dinner. Our sides were fried pickles, potato salad and beans. Brisket was just like everyone said, it was outstanding! Texas sausage was good, and the sides were "the bomb". Sweet tea was excellent. My two teens got a pork sandwich, and it was just okay. My son got the mac and cheese (even though I told him of the reviews), and it wasn't that good. It wasn't bad, but it just doesn't compare to the other side items. If I had not tried the pulled pork sandwich, I would have given this place 5 stars. This is a definite "must stop" for anyone who enjoys great BBQ.
I found this place while looking for BBQ restaurants near my family's vacation home in Orlando, and I am super pumped I did. It's not exactly right around the corner from us, but it was worth the drive. It's an awesome setup from the moment you walk up. They have a big outdoor seating area with picnic tables and paper towels on the tables. When you walk in the front door, you see a buffet line and you order your meats by the 1/4 lb. place your order at the front, walk down the line to pick your sides, pay at the end of the line. One thing that wasn't cool was no beer, but the food is good enough that it didn't matter all that much. One thing really special about this place was the craft soda wall. Outstanding amount of choices to choose from in all kinds of flavors. I actually chose a cream soda made by sprecher brewing company, someone I've actually had beer from in the past. My fiancé had a ginger lime soda that was amazing. As for the food, I ordered burnt ends because I almost never see them on the menu, and they were really not good or what I was expecting. All burnt ends I have had before are chunks of brisket, but this was shredded and so overly smoked, I was really let down. That was the only issue I had though with any of the food. It was a bad one, but everything else was so good, it really made up for it. I tried the ribs and the pulled pork and they were spectacular. Every single side was on point from the Mac and cheese to the smoked bacon wrapped jalapeños. Even the biscuits were spot on. I'll be coming back here time and time again when I visit Orlando, I just wont be ordering the burnt ends. This place is amazing other than that.
Hello, why can't I just review the Sweets Shop? They have cronuts! 5 stars bam! BBQ was good but pairing it with a great tasting bakery inside is PERFECTION! It was busy so I will overlook the passive aggressive eye-rolling from my cashier as she was putting vanilla wafers into my banana pudding. It was partly my fault BUT I was in no way rude or mean to her so I will just accept it as she was having a horrible Saturday night and wanted to get home. I'll forgive as long as she didn't spit into my dessert. I liked the brisket the best. Pulled pork and chicken were good. Sweet potatoes were good. I liked the corn bread stuffed with jalapeno pieces. There was a line but it moved. Expect a wait and cronuts were yummy though I have nothing to compare them to. It tasted like a cinnamon apple (there was no apple) and powdered sugar donut with thick layers (croissant-ish?). Tasted more like a thicker donut but it was good and I can say I ATE A CRONUT!
I liked their brisket, burnt ends and pulled pork, not so much. It is not the best barbque I have ever had, but probably the best I've had in Florida. The place is really nice and they have a very wide variety of sides and deserts. I especially enjoyed the bacon wrapped jalepeno poppers.  A much needed addition to our restaurant scene, good barbeque.
The line is always out the door and often into the parking lot. This place is that good. I lived in Texas for a few years so I know what a good brisket barbecue needs to be. This was the best brisket I've had outside the state of Texas. The seasoning was perfect. It didn't need any extra sauce but I couldn't put down their spicy barbecue sauce which was amazing.
Definitely the best BBQ in the Orlando area! Call ahead! Lines are reminiscent of a theme park. Outdoor seating is surprisingly clean and on a day with clear skies, this place can't be beat. Portions are huge and will leave you wobbling home. I have had the "Texas Detroyer" which was good but the meat was a little dry and the flavor wasn't as refined as the simplistic Pulled Pork Sandwich. I highly recommend the Pulled Pork. The meat is so tender and juicy it melts in your mouth. The 4 Rivers bbq sauce is sweet, and tangy with a little kick. Perfect to drench any meat in! Be sure to leave room for the Banana Pudding. It's like heaven! (and I don't even like dessert)
Excellent. I've been having their BBQ since before they actually had a storefront and it has always been good. Brisket is always safe.
WoW! WOWaWoweezaH! This place is NO joke! 4 Rivers has some delectable goodness for your lunchtime cravings.   Walked in past 1 pm and the house was still packed!  The line moves fairly quickly, the food is all in front of you like any other smoke house you would go to and order, while they slap some meat on your tray, pick your sides, pay and off you go seated scarfing down the delicious smokey goodness! Just let me start off with - I can't wait until I go back! There are SO many sides to choose from and they're all as equally as delicious as each and every one of them. The brisket was juicy and meaty.  The ribs were meaty and tender.  The chicken was smokey and juicy.  The beef rib...NOW this is a MONSTER!  Be hungry when ordering please. Bread pudding!!  This is no JOKE!  Like if you were eating Krispy Kreme donuts in pudding form. Fried okra -  Perfectyly fried and still moist and have a bite to it. BBQ Beans - delicious, sweet, porky, and yummy. Sweet potato casserole - Like dessert. Biscuit - Flaky, buttery, warm and soft inside. I'm going to leave it as is...because the more I write, the hungrier I get!! Next time in O-Town, I am definitely hitting this joint up again. BTW - Portions are generous, make sure you're hungry...they are not shy. Service is excellent in the dining area...even though you take your own food towards your choice of seating, they always come around making sure you're okay and bring you BBQ sauces.
Another visit yesterday and yet another great experience! I have a hard time not getting the Texas Destroyer! My co-worker said it best when he said that sandwich was like a "striptease in your mouth." I laughed but I think he's right! They also make homemade ice cream now and it's free for those that are eating there. They switch up the flavors all the time.
This is my only option for BBQ! I'm impressed with their selection outside of BBQ as well. Unique drink, side dishes, and dessert selections.
They have the best bbq in America. I'm from Tennessee where we have wonderful bbq, but 4r is the best. They're brisket, pulled pork and bread pudding are insane. What I would change would be to add a bar and tvs.
Best in Orlando .. or anywhere for that matter .. the food is excellent .. side are great .. IF you save room the desserts are also delicious. It is a must visit!
I thought the food was tasty but was disappointed that the food was cold and I had to ask them to heat it up. I had chicken and ribs, both were cold as was my biscuit. For sides, I had sweet potato casserole and corn which was yummy.  I would like to see them give hot food!  Sauces were delicious!
I just went here for the second time, and honestly, I was prepared to give them 4 stars after my last visit. But coming back, Four Rivers won me over with their home style, Southern atmosphere, and amazing food. 4R is a perfect place for a big group - you order at the counter and eat at family style tables. Also great with a group because all of the food is delicious and you get to try various platters (and sides!). Having tasted most of their meats and sides, here's my recommendation for a meal: half rack of ribs and/or burnt tips (think spiced, caramelized pulled brisket) as the entree, with baked beans, corn, and sweet potato casserole on the side. Their desserts are yummy too, but you'll probably be too full to truly enjoy it. So either pass, or get some, have a bite, and save the rest for tomorrow. I would highly recommend Four Rivers to anyone in the Orlando area looking for a delicious meal centered around a lot of meat, and focused on high quality food.
Day old Brisket......... Hit or Miss. I have been to 4 Rivers several times and the brisket is usually fabulous along with the corn, beans and fried okra. 2 of the last 3 trips were not so good. I decided to call ahead and avoid the long line. Big mistake. It took 40 minutes for them to pack 2 sandwiches and 2 sides from the time I called in the order. People were in and out faster just waiting in the regular line. When I inquired about the long wait, I got an attitude from the girl at the window. Upon my return to the office I opened the bag only to find both sandwiches dry and crumbly. What a huge disappointment. I decided a couple of days later to go back and try again. This time they did not disappoint. They definitely redeemed themselves. The brisket sandwich was fabulous. Tender, moist and melted in your mouth. So today I go in for lunch and again I get a terrible dry and crumbly brisket sandwich. As I was eating it, I remarked how the texture was like day old pot roast then it hit me. Both times I have had horrible sandwiches it was before or right around noon. The times the brisket was fabulous was in the early afternoon or for dinner. It seems that they are serving brisket from the previous day when they first open and then eventually move to the new stuff. So the moral of the story is that if you want some fabulous brisket make sure you go late in the afternoon or for dinner. Otherwise you will be getting yesterdays brisket.
I happened to be driving by and there was no line so I stopped for the first time.  I had the burnt ends with mac and cheese. and my wife had the sloppy pork with baked beans.  Everything was a good as I had hoped and I really loved looking at the desserts inside,  I can't eat those right now.  I almost ordered a pound of pulled pork and brisket to go for my football party.  I am really happy they are opening in Longwood soon.  I am really wishing I brought some home for later.
try it all!  I've never liked BBQ before trying 4R. The thought of sweet meat was weird to me... and then my husband introduced me to 4R, burnt ends, smokehouse corn and fired pickles and my life has not been the same since.  Great service, nice sized portions and OH so delicious! This is not a fancy place. You take your tray, the food gets put on paper and there are no plates, however, who needs plates when the food is this good? i went from never eating BBQ to eating here sometimes 2/3 times a week. From burnt ends to brisket oohing I've had has been bad. Definitely bring the out of towers to try this central Florida gem!
Oh my goodness. The brisket and Kansas City style ribs are out of this world. I also loved the bacon wrapped jalapenos which were very unique.  The corn bread, corn and coleslaw were just average. This place is run very well with a casual atmosphere and a nice place to bring your family. My wife got the chocolate mousse with whip cream which had a cake in the bottom... it was absolutely delicious.
Mmmmmmmmmm cannot wait till the Longwood location opens up! We drive all the way in from historic Sanford to eat here. Yummy :)
Great BBQ. Best I have had in a long time. Brisket is excellent. Burnt ends were pretty good but next time I go I am planning on getting the brisket and something new. Mac and cheese was tasty but not earth shattering. Green beans were a little soft but very tasty. Sweet potatoes and BBQ beans were both fantastic.  Cornbread was also amazing. The only bad thing is that the food is so good that there tends to be long lines. So try to call in your order for pick up or just arrive and place a to-go order. Overall, 5 out of 5. Strongly recommend.
GET THE CHEESE GRITS. Listen, I'm from California, and we don't have grits....and I don't really know what grits are...so I felt like I had to try them.  I shared a two meat combo, and have the following things to say: --the cheese grits were basically one of the best things I have ever eaten.  You'll be mad if you don't get these. --for the first time in my life, I liked the brisket more than the pork --the mac and cheese was fine, but not amazing --don't waste valuable tummy space on the bread.  It's good, but not as good as everything else. Thank you, amen.
I could probably eat here everyday if I lived a bit closer...and if they were open Sunday's! The line can get ridiculous, but it moves pretty quickly and they'll occasionally come around with a sample of something from the menu. I'm slowly trying everything on the menu and nothing has disappointed so far. My go to meal is a kid's pulled pork slider (it's bigger than you'd think!) and comes with a side and drink. The ribs are also great, and sometimes if we have a group we'll get a rack to split among the table. The burnt ends sandwich is also a favorite! None of the sides disappoint either, and it's usually hard to pick just a few. My favorites are probably the mac and cheese, which is incredibly cheesy and creamy or the baked cheese grits. They have a lot of baked goods in the case that looked very tempting, but last time we tried the red velvet cake and found it to be very dry. Have heard the fried oreos are good though!
I am a native North Carolinian and so I am quite particular about my BBQ. This is some of the best BBQ I have eaten in FL. I went with a friend recently. I had the pulled pork with fried pickles, grit cake and Mac n cheese. First know that this is easily shareable food.  The portions are huge! The pulled pork is excellent, but I totally intend to try the brisket next time I go.  It looks so good and everyone raves about it.  The North Carolinian in me just always heads for the pulled pork first.  Old habits die hard.   I found the Mac n cheese to be very blah at this location.  It reminds me of Stouffer's mac n cheese.  I've had the grit cake be delicious and terrible.  The fried pickles are always spectacular!  On my most recent visit I had bread pudding for a side.  This is insanely good and takes the place of dessert.   Tip, save room for dessert because they have lots of amazing options. Tip 2 opt for the cool bottle drinks like Ale 8 which I've never seen outside of Kentucky before, or they also have fountain cheer wine! Also don't expect to avoid the crowd because there's always a crowd, but they keep the line moving pretty well.
Hands down, best BBQ I have had in a loooong time!  Would easily be a 5 star rating if it werent for the fact that it is blazing hot summer in Florida which makes sitting outside not so enjoyable.  Nevertheless, the food stands on its own, and I will endure the heat again in the near future just to get another taste! I had the brisket sandwich w/ fried pickles, sweet potato casserole, and finished up with carrot cake. The brisket was incredible!  Don't go and throw bbq sauce on it until you have tasted it.  I believe any good bbq shouldnt require a heavy slather of sauce, and that is certainly true for the brisket.  In fact, I didnt even try the bbq sauce because I didnt want to mess with the best brisket sandwich I have ever had. Maybe on a future visit I will give the sauce a chance.  The fried pickles were delicious as well.  Its been a while since I have indulged in that particular treat, and 4 Rivers was the place to do it!  The portion of pickles was a little small, but they were mighty tasty! The setting is uber casual.  As I already mentioned, the seating is all outdoors.  They do attempt to keep you cool with some heavy duty outdoor A/C, but lets face it - this is Florida.  Try as you might, unless you are sitting on a stool made of dry ice you are gonna get hot. The parking lot is tiny.  Clearly a problem for the residential neighbors who have signs posted stating "This isnt 4 Rivers Parking".  We parked across the street at a church and walked over.  It looks like that is what most people do as there appeared to be a steady flow of foot traffic crossing at the light.
Kansas City has the best barbecue in the world but that doesn't mean there isn't fabulous barbecue anywhere else.  I've had some decent BBQ in other cities but usually it's kind of a disappointment.  But not here.  4Rivers is a fun little shack on a busy street corner in Winter Park, near Orlando.  There aren't many places to park so be prepared to walk from the church across the street and wait in a long snaky line.  On this particular afternoon, about an hour after lunch, the place was busy but we found a convenient parking place and we had just sailed down I-4 in the Ford SUV reminescent of OJ but on a foody mission instead.  I asked my nephew what was good.  His reply was everything, so I ordered the burnt ends sandwich, fries and cole slaw.  My nephew asked one of the servers if I might try a sample.  Happily, the young man produced a hunk of charred brisket and emptied it into my hand.  The minute it touched my tongue I could taste the incredibly rich flavor, the juicy succulent meat practically melted in my mouth.  But the taste was heavenly.  Not too smokey and not to overly spiced.  Perfect!  I nodded my approval usually reserved for KC's Finest BBQ purveyors.  Now, we moved through the line slowly as we were getting this on the fly and I espied various sugary sirens singing to us from a glass cake box.  The bewitching concoctions put me into some kind of sugary trance and I whispered to my brother, "I want one of those red velvet cupcakes."  He had been eying them too and as though I were a drug dealer, he succumbed to my suggestion and bought us each one of the delectable works of confectionary art.  Is that okay to say?  Ok, you get what I mean.  We paid for our booty and piled into the SUV, munching on the treats all the way home in Deltona.  When we got in the house, I took out the cup cake and began poking at it.  The cake was moist but firm and the frosting was creamy and sweet and buttery.  Mein Gott in himmel!   They were a superb Southern treat!  I savored this cupcake like it was my last dessert.  It was sooooo delicious and sooooo moist and soooo buttery and creamy.  I could eat a dozen of them.  But wait..the barbecue.  The barbecue is delicious and every bit competitive with what I can find in KC and trust me, BBQ sucks down here in Florida.  The barbecue is divoon and the Red Velvet cupcakes are heavenly.  I will remember this place every time I come back here to Deltona, Florida.  Oh and I had the Cheer Wine?  Nothing to write home about.  It's a cherry-flavored soft drink.  Not syrupy sweet but kind of a blah-cherry-like flavor.  I mean, I'd drink it again if there were nothing else to drink.  It's not nasty, but it really doesn't do much for me.
We had an amazing lunch. Husband had beef brisket which he said was best he ever had. I had the smoked turkey which was moist and flavorful. The sides were very good the fire roasted corn was awesome. We've eaten at a lot of smokehouses including the Salt Lick in Texas and this was the best in terms of the flavor and quality of the meats. Didn't try the desserts at the Sweet Shop but they looked wonderful. Servers and bus people very friendly.  I understand why you have to wait. Well worth it. We will be back!!
5 words. Lives. Up. To. The. Hype. Any cut I've ordered here has been great. The sliders are a big meal, but it's nice for your first time so you can get some variety. They have to-go boxes and tops for the sides available for your convenience. I appreciate their variety of sodas. There will be many you haven't seen. Most of these are in glass bottles... so why don't they have recycling bins? This is why I'm only giving them four stars. As far as the food itself, they are worthy of five stars, hands down. However, with the amount of people waiting around the corner for their good eats, I would expect them to be more socially responsible. They recycle the little bits of meat and make them into their own delicious dish called "burnt ends," so why not recycle all the bottles and cans? Ok. Ok. I'm off my soap box now. My final words of advice to you are to try the fried oreos. uh. meh. gawd.
Great food. everything is good. of course the BBQ but the grits! oh, my.
If you like bar-be-cue, 'nough said. This place is consistently delicious, it's far from me but worth the drive. I recommend everything, honestly. The pulled sandwiches, the brisket, the mac & cheese, even their fried pickles are great! And I've tried every fried pickle from here to Tejas. The prison-style line up & lunchroom is a bit much for me, so I call ahead, pick up and then get the hell outta dodge.
Yahoo! The food at Four Rivers is *delicious*. I went with my wife and a friend, so I had a chance to try the brisket, pulled chicken sandwich, and chicken wings. All were wonderful but the beef brisket was definitely the best of the three. The baked cheese grits and sweet potato casserole were AMAZING. The BBQ beans, fried pickles, fried okra, and mac n' cheese were great too. I was so busy eating everything else that my biscuit was cool when I finally got to it. I'll have to try it first next time! Also worth mentioning was the bread pudding. That stuff is like crack!
Truly fantastic!  Easily the best BBQ in Orlando!  They are the only true smokehouse I know of in the Orlando area.  The line is so long and the dining area so packed that I often call ahead my order and tailgate by the car.
Best bbq in town - nobody's complaining - except they're always crowded Best Of Orlando.
Top 3 BBQ in Central Florida. From meats to sweets they are all good. Try the cola and potato chip cupcake. Best burnt ends ever. Focus on the food because the service is nonexistent. Employees are more worried about chatting with each than making sure your order is ready and correct. Many times in mid order they ignored me only to have a chat with a coworker and then asked what I wanted for the second time. Would get a 4 or 5 stars but service is what I pay for also. So if you just want the food order before, pay and have a seat.
My yoga friend back home told me about this place and I'm so happy I listened to her! We came at 11:30am, thinking we'd beat the lunch rush but we were in the midst of it and waited about 20 minutes or so in the slow snaking line (like a ride at Disney!) to place our order, but I'm not complaining cause it was so worth it! We shared the beef brisket dinner plate which came with the most amazing biscuit in the world (probably had lots of butter and fat in it but I would eat another one in a heartbeat) and 2 sides (collared greens which were good and the sweet potato casserole which looked funny like pureed beans or something and were a tad sweet with sugar for my taste but they were good). We then also got another side of cheesy grits which came in a foil package and were good and also mac and cheese which were pretty perfect. Then we topped it off with their new peanut butter fluff pudding which I can't really name everything that was in it but it was pretty darn good, too. I don't even know what fluff is but I'm glad we ate it. :) There's an indoor and an outdoor covered area to choose from. We sat inside and faced the restaurant for optimal people watching. Given it was a weekday, there were a lot of white collar work people there grabbing lunch before heading back off to work. The place was clean, they had a couple bussers coming around being attentive to people's requests for to go boxes and to clean up the tables. They even had a sweet shop area in one corner but we were too full from all our sides and delicious moist brisket to take advantage of a sweet. The restrooms were clean and we had a great experience. I want to go back next time I'm in the area again.
Fantastic!!!! Best BBQ ever! The pulled pork will melt in your mouth! The sauce is amazing! The cole slaw is better than grandma's (sorry grandma.) The interior s upscale yet very casual think "glamping." Great for dinner out with the family. Lots of great food fast casual service.
Best BBQ in town by far. If it is tour first time I recommend getting the sliders and getting one of each: Burnt Ends (so yum!), Brisket and Pulled Pork. The bacon wrapped jalapenos and baked cheese grits are amazing! I would have given it 5 stars, but the cupcake I got from the Sweet Shoppe part was waaay dry. All I could taste was the ready made cake mix they use, not any flavorings they added to it.
Super good food and excellent customer service. I didn't get to try their desserts but they looked amazing and I feel pretty confident that they taste as good as they look.
4Rivers is awesome even though a lot of the food taste very salty the meats are incredible. The angus brisket and ribs are the best in town. Get a side of baked beans. Casual and laid back. Great service. Get in line, Place your order and have a seat. Enjoy the music and outdoor seating is available. To go boxes are ready available which is good because you get a bunch of food.
I was worried when they started work on the 4 Rivers smokehouse. "Uh-oh," I thought. "Barbecue within a 2-minute walk from my house? This could be very bad. Very, very, very bad." I resisted going the first day it opened. And the second day. And the third day. By Thursday, I was out for a run and when I smelled the 'Q. I never finished the next three miles so fast in my life. I got home, and without even showering or changing, went right over and got a combo dinner plate of ribs and beef brisket with smoked jalapenos, fried pickles, and green beans. It. Was. Awesome. I. Was. Worried. Fortunately, however, other soon quickly found out about the awesomeness that is 4R. Our previously peaceful neighborhood was over-run with cars. There was a constant line out the door. You couldn't get lunch without a 30-minute wait - a healthy deterrent to me eating barbeque every other day. Everything I've tried there so far has been delicious, although I still give the nod for BBQ spare ribs to Blackwater BBQ over on Edgewater. The fella behind the counter is super nice, and when ever I ask for my brisket to be "especially moist", he smiles and seems to hack off an extra big serving because he's probably tired of all the BBQ noobs asking for "extra-lean brisket". It's BRISKET, buttheads. The fat is what makes it GOOD. And now, from BBQ bar to a BBQ restaurant, comes Orlando's favorite bouncer and Elvis look-a-like. Making Four Rivers all the more fantastic.
Some of the best BBQ I've ever had, totally worth the long wait it sometimes has.
Originally I was going to give it a four because fives to me are places that excel in every aspect! Who am I kidding this place is absolutely amazing!!!! I am not even a brisket fan and I can not get enough of it from here! My favorite so far is the brisket quesadilla with a side of Mac n cheese along with the Krispy Kreme desert! My wife and I have enjoyed every trip here including the old location to the new location. The service is very top notch in my opinion and they should be proud of that! Make sure if you are in the area and you have the chance to come that you do so! You will not be disappointed.
As soon as my flight arrives into Orlando, I'm thinking of how many times I can visit 4 Rivers during my trip.  While I'm not from the area, I'm used to the long lines.  In fact, there's a problem if your not waiting in a line that's outside the building.  Chances are you arrived on a Sunday and it's closed.  I get the same thing every time which is the brisket sliders.  I could easily go for something else, but when you get perfection, nothing can top it!  This is the best brisket I've ever had, especially when it's chopped.  It always seems that when I order the brisket that they just took it out of the smoker.  My goodness they also pile it high!  Sometimes I vary on the sides but I really like the baked cheese grits.   Their new location is a much needed improvement as there is plenty of seating.  At their last location, not only did you have the long lines to order, then you have to hunt for a spot at a table.  The sweet shop looks tempting but I have no idea who has the ability to down one of their huge portion meals and then go back for cupcakes!  I think only that guy from Man vs. Food can do both!   Two out of the last three visits I had waited in line for over 40 minutes.  When you see the quantity of cars at their parking lot, you would think your parking at an airport parking lot.  I wish I didn't have to wait as long but it's always worth it.
Love the food! The brisket and cheese grits is my favorite! The lady that works in the Togo area actually remembered me from a month ago and was super nice! Makes you want to come back when the service (not to mention the food) is good!
We LOVE 4 Rivers!  I brought a friend here for the first time and we were not disappointed! Ambiance - very casual and relaxed. It's counter service and then seat yourself once you have your food. Service - top notch!  They are expeditious and friendly at the counter. They have great interactions with the customers. There are workers in the dining room cleaning and offering to take your tray when they see you're finished. Very nice touch! Food - well, this is what they are known for!  We tried the baby back ribs, the BBQ angus beef, pulled pork and a variety of sides. The sides we soooo good!  We particularly loved the baked beans and the sweet potato casserole. Price - the price is reasonable. You get huge portions so there is generally some to take home for another meal or snack. Go!  Go right now!  Gooooo to Four Rivers!
I have eaten BBQ all over the US, was raised on Texas BBQ and I can easily say there are very few places that do BBQ like 4 Rivers. If you every had any hope of loving BBQ this will be the place in Central Florida that sets your standard. The meats are all great but save room for the sides too! Oh... Dont go expect to get in and out unless you are calling ahead, the parking sucks and there is nowhere to sit. Apparently the city made them take away half of their tables in the already over crowded dinning area. I hope they get a bigger place but dont move out of the area.
i've driven past this place several times, seen the long lines during lunch hours and i feel the need to find out what the fuss is all about. came at 3.30 in the afternoon and i couldnt even get a parking spot! good thing was there was no line. the interior was unexpectedly modern looking and clean.  the fried pickles and baked beans were so-so in my opinion but my brisket sandwich smelled so good i devoured it before i even got home!! go try it!
Brisket still good but has been a little salty the last 2 times. Wings are excellent. Chicken is still boring. Wanted to try the special order beef short ribs but guy on the phone had no idea what I was talking about. Seem to be maintaining quality overall.
The boyfriend and I was visiting FL for the weekend and wanted to BBQ. We stumbled across this place on Yelp and decided to try it. After reading a few reviews we decided to place an order to go, which BTW was an hour wait just for to go (I guess it was that popular). When we arrived to pick up our order, i saw this long line out the door. Good thing there was a separate window for to go orders and we got our food within 5mins (after the hour wait). We ordered the ribs and brisket - ribs were delicious and the BBQ sauce was awesome! I totally love it more that Rudy's (from Austin). The brisket was good but they didn't have extra moist, so i wasn't too impressed with it. My advice to future customers is call in to place an order to go. You can always pick up your order and sit at the outside dining area. This way you won't have to wait in line forever.
The BBQ is really really good.  Gives you heartburn, but that is to be expected.  I just wish there isn't a standard half an hour stand in line wait to order.  Hopefully because of the great reception they are receiving, they will expand their operation in one way or another.  This place is awesome if you have the time and you just want to eat the best BBQ I've had in Florida.
Pretty good BBQ. Def not worth waiting in a long line for. I guess people just want to eat what everyone else does. I will go again If it's not to busy. There are other BBQ options around with the same quality without the line.
I've been to New Braunfels and San Antonio and had real Texas BBQ, so 4 Rivers is nothing new to me. But I understand why people who never leave Orlando think this place is the best. The best way to describe Texas BBQ is think of a clean BBQ flavor. The meat is deep smoked with very delicate spices and marinade on the outside. It's not that "messy & sloppy southern BBQ". I've had the pulled pork, ribs, brisket, chicken, bbq beans, slaw, corn bread, collard greens, mac & cheese, sweet potato casserole and fries. All of which is good, but the best is the brisket for a main choice and all the sides are very standard, with the exception that I don't like soggy fries and they need to learn to make them crispy. The BBQ sauce they use is a great sauce because it sticks to the meat and it isn't hot at all, it's got a tangy flavor to it but on the mild side. The corn bread has a little kick to it as they add jalapeño flavor to the mix (don't worry it isn't hot at all, very mild). I will say this, out of all the Florida BBQ places I've been their food is high quality, but the parking and the lack of space to sit down and eat makes it not worth my time. If you do not, order early, pick up early the long lines will be a pain in your neck. One last thing: I did use them for a party once. I ordered all my food over the phone and they got the order correct and perfect. All my guests loved the food and it was packaged perfectly for me to warm up and serve.
Finally got myself here, and attempting to park here and leaving the parking lot was absolute hell and caused me much unhappiness. HOWEVER, inside the restaurant, I was pleased to see there was barely a line (secret: Friday at 3pm) and everyone was very charming, even at the communal tables! I was impressed by the selection of meats, sides, and dessert! There was a huge selection in a tiny room. My favorite side there was the fried pickles -- wow, seriously the best I've had. The batter was perfect, and it encased multiple chips. I also loved the baked beans -- sweet, smoky, and meaty! I hate baked beans, but i absolutely loved these. The before and after sucked, but I can't wait to go through the terrible parking again just so I can keep eating here.
I know. Blasphemy. However, the past few times I have been there the overall experience was meh. Waiting in line sucks.  Waiting 30 to 40 minutes for overpriced BBQ is a waste of time. The food has become average at best.  It seems 4rivers cant serve up the same quality at that volume.  The meat has declined in flavor and the sides have been made for the masses. Next, They do everything as takeout so it's completely environmentally unfriendly.  I know that is not a big deal to some of you, but all of those styrofoam cups add up fast. Oh, try calling ahead for take out.  You have to go through a phone cue THEN no one answers the phone. (I waited 15 minutes) The people used to all be nice, but now almost everyone kind of seems worn out. If there were no line, I might go there again. If it was on the way. This place has moved from hip to hype.
I've been here before and the food is pretty good, but who the fuck is still closed on Sundays anymore? Good barbecue should be a possibility 7 days of the week.
BBQ heaven. Can't go wrong with any of the meats, some of the sides I haven't been blown away (fries, corn) but some are soooo goood (cheesy grits and the fried pickles are delish).  When I move from Orlando I will definitely miss this place. If you haven't gone already what are you waiting for?  4 stars for awesome food, but sometimes the line can be long (it is pretty awesome BBQ) and some of the sides I've had have been borderline bad or served cold (biscuit I've had on both occasions has been cold).
You know when you're right in the middle of "Meh. I've experienced better" and "a-ok" and need an option that says "guys, I really want to like it but wasn't thrilled the first time but the second time it was better, I'm going to make them earn the third star". Disclaimer: I went to the old location when I first moved to town and was not a Yelper. I'm voiding that visit because I have like zero memories of it except that we went to see Sex and the City 2 after it. Now on to my first real trip to 4 Rivers. I stopped in at 4:30 on a Friday (Good Friday - didn't really think about the whole no meat thing, sorry Jesus!). It wasn't busy at all. I wasn't really sure of the ordering process. Luckily, they took pity on me and guided me through the menu. I got the brisket, mac and cheese, and baked beans. Mac and cheese and baked beans were great. The brisket was soooo salty - like "my friend Wil would think this is salty"salty. I know most of you probably don't know my friend Wil, but trust me, he has a very high salt tolerance. I left this meal feeling a little put down by the Rivers. But then, I went to a mini wedding reception and they catered from 4 Rivers. I loved it. The brisket was not salty, it was great. And I got to try other things. The jalapeño poppers - liked. The cheesy grits - liked. The chicken wings - liked. I led that meal feel like the Rivers were converging nicely. I'm definitely going to give it another shot at some point - See if they can earn an extra star. P.S. Can we talk about the desserts? They are insane. I gave up chocolate for Lent so I couldn't get the cupcake I wanted. Next time.
The best beef brisket I ever had.  Also their barbque sauce is very good also.  The only negatives are the wait and no indoor seating.   The key is to go between 3:30pm-4:30pm, no line...
I had their pork bbq quesadilla (it was good) I also tried their pulled pork which was really really good! The mac n cheese was ok and so were the baked beans. It looked like they have prettty good desserts. It was pretty crowded on a friday night but there was a hostess that helped us find a seat. I really hpe they can improve their seating space. Overall, good bbq place to go to.
Best barbecue in Orlando by far. The brisket is amazing! Everything they offer is extremely flavorful and well prepared. The food is top notch.
We were there from Canada and really bbq and canada do not go together, none exist.  So i googled best bbq in orlando before we left and 4R came up, i'm so glad we visited.  After doing the chain restaurant thing on the previous 2 days I was becoming grumpy. It was about 17 miles from our hotel on I-drive but easy to get to.  I had read about line ups so we headed out to be there for around 11am, we got there at 11:15 on a Wednesday and had to park across the street in the Church no parking was available (mind you they really don't have that many spots).  About 20 people were in line and we grabbed a menu so we would be ready when we go to the front of the line. Our order consisted of the Texas Destroyer, 3 Slider Sandwiches, Half-rack Ribs, Pulled Pork Quesidilla...sides: mac n cheese, baked beans, potato salad & fries + 4 pops  $43. Everything was excellent, the portions were huge.  They have pic nic table seating around the back and you share with patrons ok with me.  There is free ice tea and water so the drinks weren't needed but alas a little carbonation did help. They have convienient take-out containers available in the seating area and they are well used (we had enough food for dinner left over). The best was the ribs, sliders, texas sandwich and baked beans.  The mac n cheese was a bit bland so was the potato salad needed salt and a bit of something else. When we left the line up was around the corner.  We will definately recommend the 4R to all who visit Orlando from Toronto.
Yay! First BBQ experience in Florida and it was good. Stopped here on a Fridy on my way to look for a place to live and waited in line for about ten minutes, which was more than enough time to start drooling. The guy slicing the brisket must have seen the drool (stupid joke: how can you tell that the stage is level at a concert? Answer: the drool is coming out of both sides of the drummer's mouth) because he gave us a couple slices. Mmmm. We ordered the burnt ends sandwich (fantastic), the smoked cuban (which got lost in the shuffle and arrived after we had eaten everything else) and some pretty sad sides that were not hot :( mac and cheese-hello velveeta!-fried okra, fried pickles (the best side) and the coleslaw, which was good and I liked that they chop the cabbage pieces very small. The biggest issue with this place is that neither me nor my husband liked their style of bbq sauce (there's a signature one that is lighter red and kind of sweet, but not a thick, rich sweet but kind of a tangy, sickly sweet with a bit of spice and a too-sweet for my taste spicy sauce). I don't know enough about the difference between bbq sauces to say what style they serve up here, but it's totally subjective so the next person might like it! They have a case of delicious-looking desserts here. Unfortunately, The red velvet cupcake was not good. It was a dry cake with an overly sweet frosting. My quest for a good red velvet cupcake continues...oh Lark Bakery, why don't you ship to Florida? I am Just going to have to learn to make my own red velvet cupcakes! Wrap up: the meat is AWESOME here. Go for the meat.
I've heard a lot of great things about this place so I had high expectations.  I've had a lot of good authentic southern BBQ food in the Atlanta area.  With that said, I was not overly impressed with the food here.   It's definitely not bad food, it's okay.   Although, service was friendly and quick.  The line can get pretty long but it actually goes by pretty quick.   I ordered ribs, chicken wings, and briskets. They also come with a couple of complimentary sides. Ribs were a little dry and hard.  Chicken wings were decent, they were seasoned just right.  Brisket were pretty good, it was moist and tender.
The brisket is good. The side items are hit or miss and very inconsistent . The other meats are nothing special. Orlando needs more BBQ places to compete with this place!!! If it wasn't for the brisket, I wouldn't go back. The staff has gotten crappier over the years. And it is too expensive for what you get.
I guess this review is redundant since so many others have raved about this great BBQ restaurant. I'm not sure I can add anything that hasn't been said, but it would be wrong to love a restaurant as much as I love 4 Rivers and not write something. Do you like brisket? Do you know what "Texas style" means when talking about brisket? If you answered yes to those questions, go to 4 Rivers. It's really hard to find good BBQ in FL that's not pork. Everyone has their personal likes and dislikes when it comes to BBQ --- what I like is brisket. Tender, juicy, succulent brisket with a great dry rub that sticks to the outside of each slice. If you like that kind of brisket - Texas style - go to 4 Rivers. They have pork and great sausages as well as numerous traditional sides. The mac and cheese is thick and rich, the sweet potato (or is it potatoe) casserole is creamy and tasty, collards are like your grandmother used to make and their cornbread is the best I ever had. OK, maybe not the best I ever had, but definitely the best I ever had in a restaurant. When you go, ask one of the busboys right away for a go plate so you can save room for dessert. I'm not exaggerating when I say 4 Rivers has the best homemade desserts that I've had in Orlando. They make everything from scratch at their Sweet Shop which is located in their Maitland location. They deliver everything fresh to the Fairbanks location but are prone to run out of popular desserts early in the evening. If dessert is your thing, go to the Maitland location. It's only 15 minutes or so away from the Fairbanks location and well worth the drive. This truly is a great BBQ restaurant. It's consistent, good food and worth your time if you haven't been there. Take the family or take a date. It's that kind of place where everyone feels at home. Expertly prepared comfort food - what more could you ask for... PS - You will pretty much always stand in line when you go to 4 Rivers. To some that is a turn-off, to me it's a sign that the restaurant is putting out great food. Here's a hint to avoid the line if you're interested. Since 4 Rivers does not take reservations, tables inside and out are first come / first served. So call your take-out order in while you're driving there, pick it up at the take-out window and walk with your bag to the seating area. I do it all the time and it's fine. Or you can stand in line. Either way it's worth the trip from anywhere in the Orlando area.
Best BBQ north side of Orlando to Orange City. Burnt Ends are to die for. Great ribs although a bit to salty for my tastes.  I love the "messy pig" sandwich and pulled pork is awesome every time. Get there early the place fills fast and parking can be found out back if none in front
what can i say that you haven' read before. this place is an institution. I have only ever gottten the angus brisket. (you should too). I have tried the pulled pork and I stand by my comment above.
Thank you Orlando yelpers for helping me find this place while I was in town for a wedding!  I rarely eat bbq in NYC because it is too crazy expensive and very hit-or-miss.  Four Rivers, big hit!  I dragged two other wedding goers with me and between the three of us we got to sample a good part of the menu.  The brisket and pulled pork were so moist and delicious, perfect balance of meatiness, smokeyness, and saucyness.  I loved the baked grits.  It was basically a piping hot, cheesy, spicy, polenta cake.  The sweet potato casserole was pie in a cup.  And the Messy Pig.  Oh, the Messy Pig.  Pulled pork, coleslaw, pickles, and jalepenos thrown messily together on a soft sandwich bun.  Why hasn't this made it to NY??  It is the David of pulled pork sandwiches.  And for dessert, that three tiered red velvet cake may become my favorite of all time.  Thick cake, round cocoa flavor, perfect shmear of buttercream.  And the mini coconut cake is fabulous too.  The real version of a Hostess Sno Ball - coconut covered, cream filled white cake.  My heart goes pitter pat.   I would definitely hop on a plane, wait in a line that's weaving into the parking lot, brace myself against the heat and blaring sunshine, all in order to eat here again.  Affordable bbq done right?  So worth it. You lucky Floridians...
The brisket is definitely the star of the show. The pulled pork and pork ribs are good, but nothing out of the ordinary. The beef, however, is crazy good. So are the sides. Come on a night when the line is shorter as I'm not sure it is worth standing around for an hour but a half hour is perfectly reasonable.
This place was alright. A friend recommended it to us (without trying it herself, apparently, but that's a different story!) Maybe if we had known it was more of a fast-food BBQ place we wouldn't have been in for such a shock, but based on the friend's recommendation and their website we were expecting an upscale sit-down restaurant. HAH! So, the joke was on us I guess. The food wasn't bad, although we have had better in Florida. We have been back to see our friends in Maitland since and have no desire to stop in here again. For the price we can go find better BBQ elsewhere.
Best beef brisket ever andim not a fan of beef BBQ. Pork and turkey are my standards. Only visited once at lunch but called ahead and got to go. Much less wait. Will definately be back with more time to enjoy
Went to 4rivers last week for a lunch meeting. This was my first time actually dining in. I've gotten take-out and been to events they've catered. I must say, i really like the layout and design of the place. It smells amazing, especially in the back by the bakery! I got the brisket sandwich which was pretty good. I guess that, even though I'm a southern guy by birth, I just don't get the big deal about BBQ. Yeah, it's good, but it's never made me lose my mind. 4Rivers is the same. Good, but not life-changing like others make out. I wish they could find a way to speed up the ordering process, but it is what it is. I'd go back, but probably only if others were making the plans.
This place is hands down the best BBQ joint around. I've had the brisket, pork, pulled and smoked chicken. All were delicious. All of the sides I've tried have been awesome. And you can't beat their dessert selection. The line can stretch out the door during peak hours, but it moves fast. There's a reason people pack into this place.
succulent, smoky, fall apart ribs and briskets. sooo good. The menu is too large for an out-of-towner to try everything so go for the platter and get a second meat choice for $2. Enough to share. 1 star deduction because the line is soooo slow. they plated my food and then i had to wait to pay. in that time my food cooled off.  still tasted good, but would have been better hot. :(
Everyone I've talked to loves this place, so much so that the massive waves of people during peak dining hours forced them into a bigger building in order to accommodate the heavy traffic. Overall impressions: First visit at the smaller location: Pretty good (B) Second visit at the new location: Really good(B+/A-) Environment: I've noticed the changes/additions, such as the expansion & relocation of the desert station, allowing for more creativity & variety of deserts. I've also noticed the separation of inside seating and outside seating. I DO appreciate an air conditioned indoor seating arrangement. I ALSO love that although the bathrooms are located outside, they ARE air conditioned! May be a small detail, but it's one that weighs heavy on my considerations list when deciding where to dine. I drinks lots of fluids... Just saying. Food: The prices have always been very fair, so taking all things into consideration, the food during my first visit was decent. Wasn't bad, but also wasn't anything too special. The food received during my second visit was really very good, impressive actually. The brisket & pulled pork had a smooth & rich, smokey flavor, one that I've never experienced. The prime rib was ok. The sides are pretty good. The brisket & pulled pork is what I will be going back for, if it's that good every time, I will be hooked.
Look, I am not going to waste your time with meaningless exposition about the atmosphere and all of that. I will only say that this is THE BEST BBQ I have ever had in my life and if you live in the area and haven;t been there yet you are missing out. I recommend the ribs.
Heard the hype and checked this place out 2 times in the fall. The burnt end was ok. My regular brisket was ok.  this place is good, just not as great as i thought it would be.  If your in the area and want bbq go but don't make a special trip.
I recently went to 4 Rivers with my husband to celebrate our one-year anniversary. Why? Because 4 Rivers catered our backyard wedding and it was phenomenal. Not only were they the most affordable option but they were, to be honest, the most delicious option out of all the caterers we taste-tested with. The catering service was absolutely top-notch, they had lovely silver chafing dishes and the two staff members there were so helpful and cheerful. It was a big hit during our wedding and I'm so pleased we decided to take a chance on ordering BBQ - it went well with our backyard vintage feel. At the brick and mortar store: Sure there's a bit of a wait to order but it's just part of the experience and completely worth it. The portions are heaping and everything is delicious. I always save room for the Sweet Shop!
Great BBQ, coleslaw was ho hum
so many reviews for this place already, so imma keep my review short. clean, adorable, friendly staff, yummy everything except of cold fried okra and super sweet coconut cupcake.
Always consistent, flavorful and friendly! Love the brisket and baked beans, if only calories didn't count....I could eat here for every meal! To avoid the monster lines we always order takeout!
Like many, I heard time and time again from my boss how wonderful Four Rivers is.   As a "Barbecue Aficionado " when we finally ordered from Four River's for lunch I was in bliss. I went with the Texas Destroyer, and instantly devoured it.  The french fries were great as well.  Can't wait to go back here for dinner some day.
Really good food! We ordered too much and had to waste some of it. Go for the ribs - they are awesome. I didn't like the burnt ends, would have preferred straight up brisket. I'll do that next time. Mac was only ok...
This met and exceeded all of the expectations I went in with. The service is quick, friendly and precise. The food is delicious!! This was more than just going out to eat but a true experience. The whole menu sticks to the theme, so many options to chose from, portion sizes are great, far from any ordinary restaurant. Has an open floor plan where you sit within long benches with different people, which I happened to enjoy keeps everything friendly. This restaurant is definitely a "you HAVE to go". I will be recommending to others as well as planning my next visit.
Awesome... Wait looks a lot Longer than it is, and really worth it for the choice on the menu and the quality detail.  This place does BBQ the way they do it on the competition BBQ scene.... with a twist! Messy pig Smoked jalapeños Fried okra and pickles  - all TOP NOTCH Thank you 4R!
Aaaahhhh worth the trip mmmmmmm absolutely deliciousssssss
I am a huge fan of bbq but always have a hard time finding a place that I think is memorable and worth a second visit.  I can officially say I have found my favorite bbq place in orlando.  I had the lean brisket with the corn, baked beans, and mac n cheese and my boyfriend had the ribs with mac n cheese, cheese grits, and coleslaw.  Of this selection the meats were both delicious and way more food than either of us could eat in one meal (yay leftovers), the corn, baked beans, and coleslaw were all great.  The only sides we tried that I would want to switch up the next time are the mac n cheese (wish it tasted more like an old fashioned at home mac n cheese) and the grits which came in bar form and were nothing amazing.  The only other suggestion is to probably skip the dessert items since the red velvet cupcake and the banana cup were both boring.  Cant wait to go back though... probably sometime this week!
Seriously, the BEST! Had the messy pig with green beans and bread pudding. Normally I'm not a big eater, but I couldn't stop. Had to go back and grab a some pulled pork to take back to Tampa.
After reading many of the raving reviews here on Yelp, my wife and I had to try out this place. We went around 6 on a Saturday evening and the line was to the street and we waited about 45 minutes to order. They had water, lemonade, and samples while waiting so it didn't seem all that long. Also, all the food is right there cafeteria style so there wasn't any wait time after ordering. It was AMAZING! Never had such tasty barbecue; highly recommend pulled pork and prime rib sandwiches. The best part: after eating, they came around with free home made ice cream! Definitely will be back.
AMAZING! This is where you go for BBQ. Call in your order and it's a lot faster or go at an off time so the line isn't as long. The chicken sandwich is great and the mac n cheese is a can't miss. Don't forget to save room for their great desserts! Always something to look forward to.
I knocked one star off because of the lines and the parking, but I think that the food more than makes up for it. My first meal at 4 Rivers was a Messy Pig with beans and fries. My roommate brought it home after waiting in like for probably 20 minutes. I remember biting into it and being surprised by the jalapenos. It was a good surprise, because the sweetness of the sandwich really complimented the spicy kick. I've since been back about a dozen times, and I've tried just about everything on the menu. I will say that the Sausage is not up to par though. It's good, but the skin is far to hard, and the meat is a little dry. Service is ALWAYS with a smile, and the staff inside are always encouraging you to try something new with their samples. I tried the Smoked Jalapenos wrapped with bacon and instantly ordered a half dozen more! Love the samples. Anyway, I'll be coming back on a regular basis. This is the best BBQ in Orlando, with Porkies in Apopka coming in a solid second.
For me it lives up to the hype.
I went here for the first time and although the line was intimidating it actually didn't take more than 25 minutes at 6:30pm on a Friday. The food was definitely good... But here are my gripes: we got 3 different dishes... The burnt ends and the destroyer and something else which I can't remember but all of the BBQ Flavors were the same... Super molasses and brown sugar.  It was all pretty rich for me. Don't get me wrong I'll def come back sometime but not a place I'll frequent between the crowd and the richness of the food. I also am not in love with the assembly line and dining hall seating but that's just me wanting to have service :) I get why they do it.
The most delicious food you may ever eat! When I saw the amount of positive reviews, coupled with the over flowing parking lot, and the line of people that wrapped around the building of the restaurant, I knew I'd found a true gem! I can't get enough of 4 Rivers. My most favorite meal is pulled chicken, baked cheese grits (simply delicious), Texas cornbread, and mac & cheese. I would also recommend the banana pudding, just make sure it's a fresh one (I had it before with the bananas way to mushy for my liking). Tip: On weekend's it's easier to place a to-go order rather than wait in the loooong line. You can also call ahead and pray that they get to you in a timely manner.
What else to add to 300+ reviews?  Beef brisket is to 'die for'.  Best BBQ place I have ever eaten....period!  Always a huge line - even in their new (much larger location).  Tip - call ahead and pick your order up at the 'take out' door and avoid the line.  You can still eat at a table, but no waiting!
I'm only giving this place 4 stars because I feel that nothing that I've eaten before has ever compared to this, so it's not "as good as it gets" (yet) but I do know that it's the best BBQ I've had so far! You wait in line for quite some time...but it is so worth it, honestly. Once you're in and ordering, your food comes out relatively quick and there's ample seating space inside and out. I don't eat pork, so I opted for the Beef Rib and let me tell you, it was HUMONGOUS and amazingly delicious. We drove 40 minutes out of our way to come here and we wanted to go back ever since then. I would fly from CA to FL for this if I had the means. If you're not one to wait, call and order it to-go!
I had the Texas Destroyer (seasoned brisket sandwich) I forgot to tell them I wanted it without the buns, but I forgot..the girl was really nice though, she asked if I wanted them to re-do it without the buns, I hesitated and said it was ok, she asked if I'm sure, I thought it was very considerate and nice of her, but I told her it was okay, I'll just make sure I remember not to get the it with the bun next time. But anyway the brisket was EXTREMELY SATISFYING, so delicious!!!! I had two sides: sweet potatoes and mac n cheese, sweet potatoes were good but still a little too sweet, I guess my review for the sweet potatoes stayed the same. Mac n Cheese was decent, favorite was still the meat!!! Their dessert looked amazingly charming, I'll have to go there sometime to get the dessert!! Love Four Rivers, best BBQ in O-town.
Best BBQ in Orlando. One of the few truly finest non chain places in town. Recommend the burnt ends and dessert items.
Below is a review from my father in law in regards to his first visit: Just a quick note to you all, about the great experience, our family had, when we visited your place in Winter Park yesterday.   First we 4 each had something different, that makes sampling easier. Everything was delicious, actually never had better. Your staff was excellent, prices reasonable, sitting and parking very ample, much better than your other location just up the road. This is the fourth time the kids have stopped, first time for Mom And Dad. We'll so much for the short note, we WILL be back, and friends will be informed. We're in Daytona, so please consider putting a place here, maybe across from the Speedway, when the pavilion gets off the ground. Sincerely, The Tyler family
Absolutely Phenomenal! After an incredibly rough day of traveling,  I was in dire need for comfort food.  Stumbled upon 4 Rivers Smokehouse on my Yelp app and said to myself, BBQ is the cure to all that ails you. Parking lot was overflowing so I parked about a block or two away, you could smell the smoky BBQ aroma as soon you opened your door. The menu is clear and descriptive, offering sandwiches to BBQ by the pound to a vast array of side dishes, most of which are things you wouldn't usually see (bread pudding, baked cheesy grits etc). Burnt Ends Sandwich was a savory, messy delight.  Even with the thicker, wider bun they used to hold together this massive portion of pulled pork/chopped brisket, the meat flooded over the bun.  The pulled pork was very tender and packed a ton of flavor. The Angus Brisket was excellent!  Comparing it to my favorite bbq back in TX (Franklin's, Austin TX, named best BBQ in America by Bon Appetit Magazine), it came pretty close.  The smokiness and seasoning came very close to it.   Franklin's gets the nod based on its freshness and being more moist.  I think 4 Rivers loses some moisture because the brisket doesn't get served immediately after it's finished, it sits out longer. Where 4 Rivers blew me away was the sides.  A dinner comes with 3 sides, sandwiches come with 2 for $1.75.  Bread Pudding was glorious.  Mac and Cheese was rich, homestyle, cheedar-y goodness.  BAKED CHEESE GRITS, 2nd time in my life having grits and DAMN, thats all I'm gonna say DAMN. Red Potato Salad with a creamy, vinegary flavoring to it.  Cornbread salad with a creamy-tomato based dressing was pretty interesting but still tasty 4 Rivers Smokehouse is an absolute MUST-VISIT if you are a foodie visiting Orlando.  I could not believe how good this BBQ was, it's TEXAS BBQ embedded into the state of Florida.  Shit, it saves you a damn plane ticket and it gives 90% of all Texas BBQ joints a run for their monies.  I'm pretty confident that this is one of the BEST bbq joints in the state of Florida. Bad Day.  Good Day.  Ok Day.  No matter what kind of day you're having, you're gonna end up leaving very satisfied.
True the lines are out the door.I parked in the church parking lot and went to the pickup window and tried to order. THey wouldnt let me order from there although I watched them take someone else's order/ The line moved fast but I had decided to order while I stood outside - from my cell phone. It was ready in 15 minutes. The beans were very goo. The ribs were way above average and so was the chicken. It was smoked - not grilled - and it was very tender - NOT dry. The look at you a little crazy if you ask for extra sauce. I will stop there everytime I am in Orlando. It is very very good.
I can't find better barbecue, no matter how hard I try. If you're in an area with a 4 Rivers Smokehouse, take my advice: GO. It's counter service, and usually has a wait similar to a popular line at the Magic Kingdom. This ride lasts (slightly) longer, and is MUCH more memorable, though. If you're on the fence for what to order, I suggest the sliders, as one can sample a few different meats. For sides, the baked beans can't be missed, the collard greens are delish, and the smokehouse corn is to die for. Seriously the best BBQ I've ever tried, by a long shot.
I think it's pretty clear from all of the other reviews that this is some AWESOME BBQ. I love the pulled chicken. The sauce is unique but a great combination. If you go at lunch time it's going to be crowded and there's only outdoor seating. I usually just get mine to go. Parking is a HUGE pain. But if you know these things ahead of time...it won't be so bad or go at an off time. What adds to the AWESOMENESS is they have GREAT sides. The mac and cheese is super cheesy. They have a variety and something for everyone...maybe one day I'll get the fried pickles. I want to add that the owners are super charitable. They donate food for a variety of fundraisers. I think it's the spirit of love that is in the Rivers' hearts that keep this business so successful!
My wife and I tried this after witnessing the lines and reading the yelp reviews. So the bar was set high and I figured it would disappoint, but it did not. The food is awesome I had brisket and was very tasty but my wife's burnt end sandwich was to die for. (yum) The fried okra and other sides were good as well, we will be back for sure.
Great family friendly place! Love the meats and the sides are to die for. Pro tip: order carry out by phone and then you can pick it up and eat it there. They only need 15-30 minutes notice so just call before you drive over and save yourself the wait. My only complaint is that as of late, the pulled pork on the sandwich hasn't been mixed with sauce. If you don't eat it immediately, it gets dried out. Also ordered to go and drove all the way to new symerna beach before eating only to realize that no sauce was on the sandwich or included. Other comment: leave the raisins out of the krispy kreme bread pudding!
Yum Yum! Great barbecue, tons of choice and a great price! I have enjoyed Four Rivers since they opened and each time I am pleased with their consistent quality of food! I always get the pulled chicken with two sides, but I like to mix up the sides to try them all (there are like 15 choices)! Most recently I am hooked on their corn... it was delicious! Be sure to get some extra sauce to take home (or even a bottle for only $5)!! There is ALWAYS a wait, no matter what time you go. So be prepared to be patient and warm, but the reward is so satisfying!!! Beyond the food, this is a great locally owned company that has already done a lot for our community... which makes it even easier to support! Good job Four Rivers!!!
Imagine you've stumbled across a potluck somewhere in the Hill Country outside San Antonio: You've got that mouth watering bouquet of sage and mesquite smoke. Each side dish might be the prideful offering of some hill country church lady: crisp fried pickles, cornbread salad (yes, cornbread salad!) . . . read more on my website at floridatraveler.com/orla…
What we ordered: Full rack of ribs from their smoked menu, cornbread, baked beans, potato salad, and macaroni and cheese. The potato salad and macaroni were both just okay. Everything else was quite tasty. Only complaint was that they didn't have creamcorn on their menu! Loved the bench seating and the feel of the whole place I just really liked. Good service, good food, good price.
First of all, get in your car and go NOW!  You will have ample time reading this review and others while you are waiting in line. I have been eating BBQ at the best places in Kansas City and I can honestly say I have not had better Brisket anywhere else but here!  I have tried other items and they too have been great.  Pulled pork is nice and the burnt ends are great too.  But I always go back for the brisket. The sides are very good and they offer many to choose from.  Their baked beans are phenomenal, the sweet potato casserole is awesome, and the cheese grits are really good. Desserts are huge portions and very good. If I had to say one not so good thing about Four Rivers, it would be their sauce.  It is certainly adequate but nothing special. Are you close yet?
staff was great and food was awesome. Loved the free homemade ice cream.
Hands down, the best BBQ in Orlando. A great selection of proteins, sandwiches, plates and sides, this place is the perfect answer to your hankering for sweet and smoky. A special shout out to brisket, corn and collared greens.
This was my second attempt to try this place out. One my first attempt the line was way too long. What is the hype? So it is counter service with food slapped on a tray and picnic table dining. Big deal! Really big deal. Texas size big deal. New concept for Orlando. We are a little behind. That is okay. Scattered around the south this type of smokehouse/BBQ shack is all over the place. Smokers and grills surrounded by makeshift seats are the norm. So what is the big deal about this place. It is definitely not on the back roads of the deep south, it is on the main entry way to one of, if not, Orlando's most prestigious neighborhoods, Winter Park. So many restaurants have come and gone around here, what makes this a keeper? It is completely different from all the restaurants around it. Counter ordering and picnic table dining? No, it is the food. The food is the star. Look pass the hip, cool, outdoorsy vibe, that makes sharing on a picnic table a really cool thing. Focus on the food. Signature Angus Brisket that fell apart with great moist bark and tender perfection. Southern Pulled Pork was a pile of gooey, rich, fatty goodness. Smokehouse Prime Rib was moist, tender, delicate, and deliciously pink. St. Louis Style Ribs fell off the bone with firm give and thick juicy bark. Baked Cheese Grits was creamy and holdsome. 4R BBQ Beans was deliciously spiced and cooked to perfection, no mushiness here. John's Potato Salad not so much. Fried Okra had a nice coating and tenderness inside. Texas Cornbread was a big sponge, soft and tender. Sweet Potato Casserole had a light cinnamon creamy taste. Chocolate Cake was huge but dry. This Texas roadside smokehouse is definitely worth waiting in the long line. With the long line and picnic style tables one is surely to make at least another friend or two. These portions are huge so make plenty of room. Really good food and nice vibe. This smoke will take a long time to clear.
The best BBQ in town!!!!!
Let me start of by saying I am not a BBQ fan, at all. I hate the messes and frankly, bbq sauce is not good. But we decided to check this place out. Upon arrival, there was a line (apparently there always is one). I ordered the Messy Pig. It was really good, I was surprised myself. The pork had great flavor and it was cooked just right. I even liked the slaw, I also normally hate slaw. If I ever dined here again, I would order the same item. The other sandwich was the Longhorn. It was alright, I felt the brisket was rather chewy...I don't know it's just my opinion. It was alright. The sides were tasty, cornbread was a winner. The mac n cheese could be better, it lacked flavor...idk just lacking. Seating was easy to find and service was prompt.
I went here with a friend who loves sides. We both agreed to get a meal that included 3 sides and obviously we'd pick diff sides and share thereby optimizing the side experience.  Both of our eyes nearly bugged out of our heads when we saw the huge ham hock just sitting and no doubt leaching each yumminess into the green beans. Collard greens, Mac and cheese, and sweet potato were among favorites. I got the burnt ends not too shabby Friend got something with chimichurri super yummy. I was already filled to the brim then a kid comes around with a tray of ice cream and against my better reason I take one-it was free!  In the end i spent a few hours trying to walk and digest the huge quantity of food that I had somehow consumed. I will return but this time wiser.
The meat and sides are great!  Desserts enh.
This is some great BBQ! I got the pork sandwich and ribs - what a treat! They serve up the sandwich with coleslaw and jalapeños on it, what more could you ask for? The meat is tender, flavorful, and cooked to perfection. Great atmosphere. Oh, and the sides...AMAZING. Try the corn and bacon-wrapped jalapeños!
Pretty good. I'm not a BBQ fan, so I got a smoked turkey salad. Kind of disappointed in the size to price ratio, but it was good, the service was good. Their macaroni and cheese is AMAZING. I sampled some of the other sides the people in my group got and they were all really good. Parking was a disaster, and finding a seat on their patio on a Monday night was a nightmare. Probably need to expand their dining area if they can.
We have yet to discover words to describe just how good this place is. I will restrict my positive praise though only for the 2 items I have had: ribs and brisket. Worth the wait and worth the pending meat overload stomach ache that occurs after. Dine in, carry out, it doesn't matter - it's all tremendous!
So, I took a chance getting some take out from here for lunch byt I won't be back. The "burnt ends" sandwich was just tough, chewy pieces of meat. Not the nice crunchy bark you would expect. On top of that they slather the meat in too much too sweet BBQ sauce.  In fact everything there is too sweet, the sauces,  the beans, the coleslaw is all just packed with sugar. It was convenient today but still not worth it.
Do I even need to write a review? Best barbecue in Florida hands down. I've even had barbecue at a few different pits in Ft. Worth, Texas and 4R trumps them all. Everything is great but something people usually don't get that I highly recommend is the Santa Maria Tri-tip.
Love everything about their cooking.
Went here because of Yelp.  Quite disappointed, given the reviews and expectations!  The meat was dry and not unmemorable; had to force myself to eat all of it.  Had to rely on the sauce to make it palatable.  I've had better dinners at low-end chain barbeque restaurants locally where I live in the SF Bay Area.  Felt like this place was cruising based on its reputation.  Maybe I was just unlucky with the particular batch. By contrast, I loved the barbeque ribs at Tu Tu Tango in Orlando, a restaurant that doesn't specialize in bbq. It was juicy, tasty, and had a lighter, more sophisticated sauce--far better than 4 Rivers!
Thanks to all my fellow Yelpers, I decided to give this place a try. I needed a BBQ fix and needed it bad! Yes, the parking was a pain at about 1PM on a Saturday and yes, the infamous line was present.   Aside from that, the experience was good. Took about 20-25 minutes from line to table. I had the Brisket and my wife had the pulled pork.  Both sandwiches were absolutely delicious, although I did like the Brisket more. The mac & cheese, sweet potato casserole and cheesy grits were all good. The seating arrangements is an outdoor, open air covered patio. There are about 3 large picnic tables so you will be eating with complete strangers, but who doesn't like meeting new people? My table must have been the first timers table because the other two couples had never been to this fine establishment before either. They also had some tasty looking desserts, but we had no room left.  I know my wife had her eye on those cupcakes.  Poor thing, I will be sure to get her one next time! We will be back!
Best BBQ i've ever had anywhere including at any BBQ festival.  4 Rivers has a cult following in the Orlando area and for good reason- its amazing.  The bigger location is so much better than the original...no more driving around for a parking spot in a lot that can hold all of 5 cars total and standing outside for an hour before you can even order.  The line is now indoors (although i dont doubt it can still get long enough to go outside) and it moves pretty quickly and efficiently.  For a less messy meal i recommend the BBQ Quesadilla and my favorite sides are the baked beans and the cheese grits.  The new location has a separate bakery area with the most delicious looking cupcakes but I've honestly never tried them because I am so stuffed from my meal. Customer service has always been top notch as well as cleanliness which might sound like an odd thing to point out but the staff here never misses a step in keeping everything perfectly clean and orderly that they deserve a special shout out.
There is not a single thing you can go wrong having on this menu. It is all mouth watering and delicious. The smell when you walk in will drive you mad with hunger and you will want it all. Trust me. The environment is very laid back and friendly. I love it. Oh and-- Cheerwine!
Look at the number of reviews for this place. Okay look back here. Okay, look at the number of reviews again. This is Orlando. Wow, that's a lot of reviews!! It's hard to add anything else that other reviews haven't already covered. Just know that if you're craving saucy BBQ in Orlando, this is the place to go go. I always go for the pork (pulled, ribs, no matter). Their friend okra has never gone soggy on me and the mac and cheese is always a good standby. So is the cornbread. I'm always too stuffed to try any of their desserts, but they look goood in the case and floating around in the icy water bath.
This is the best barbeque I have ever tasted. The line is long, because the smell probably brings people in just driving by. If you try it you will be hooked.
This quick-serve BBQ restaurant has every base covered from their pulled pork, to brisket, and loads of sides. And the friendly, casual environment really makes it a welcoming place to be in too. Open space and lots of natural light really brighten up the room full of extra large wooden benches and southern style decor on the walls. The homestyle sides were where it was at for me, and I went for their Smokehouse Corn, Mac and Cheese, Fried Okra and Collards. These were all really great. The corn had a really nice spiced and buttery flavor with crisp kernels. The mac and cheese was creamy, light and the noodles were perfectly tender. I really liked the fried okra, the batter wasn't super greasy like most fried foods, it was a thicker corn coating, giving it a really nice texture. The collards were awesome too with great flavor, mixed in with thick chunks of ham. And you have to go for a sweet homestyle side like their Bread Pudding. It had a great consistency, creamy, but not excessively, and a really nice, rich cinnamon flavor and raisins for a little mix of texture and sweetness.
Two words -- smoked jalapenos. I think I could have ate an entire place of those. You get more food than I think anyone could eat in one sitting, sharing would be the way to go if you can decide on the sides. Baked beans were awesome as well smoked chicken. The biscuit was ok, cold ... but I did not go to Four Rivers for a biscuit. Overall, I think one of my fave BBQ restaurants ever, just wish there was one closer to my house than 8 hours.
Wowzers is this place tasty. I had the brisket sandwich, fried okra and mac and cheese. I was in heaven from the first bite. We came at a time where the line was small, but the people that brought us said it's usually pretty long. I nabbed a take out menu for calling ahead next time.
I am glad my husband and I went out of our way from Disney World to check this place out.  When we got there, the line was not too long.  But I recommend going there early because when we sat down and started eating, the line was getting longer and longer.   The service is friendly and fast.   My husband had pulled pork sandwiches and I had Texas destroyer.  Both meat was good to perfection.  They season their meat just right...not too much not too bland.  For sides, we ordered fried jalapeno and beans.  The jalapeno was a little too spicy but still good.  My husband loved the beans but to me it was too sweet.  I also ordered an Oreo cupcake.  It was huge and reasonably priced but don't expect delicate taste that you find at a nice bakery.  Their sweets are full of sugar and southern tastes.   I would love to order their ribs next time.
You can't get better BBQ anywhere.  In addition to having delicious, tender, juicy, flavorful pulled pork, pulled chicken, ribs, and brisket, they also have killer side dishes.  I never enjoyed collard greens until I tried them here. The sweet potato casserole is delicious and the smokehouse corn is a must-have!  I'm gluten-intolerant so I haven't tried the cornbread or any of their cakes, but it's all amazing. My husband has tried the Santa Maria Tri-Tip Steak, Messy Pig, and Texas Destroyer. All were wonderful! The Santa Maria Tri-Tip Steak has a much different flavor with smoked tomato chimichurri sauce, so if you're tired of the same ol' BBQ, this is a great one to try! If you get a chance, head to their Longwood location, where they have a coffee bar & sweet shop with baked goods & homemade ice cream.  Yum!
I just visited Four Rivers while on vacation & it was exactly what I was looking for!! Excellent!! I ate the longhorn sandwich (brisket & sausage), fries & beans. Great smoky flavor, BBQ sauce has a little kick & the beans have a great sweetness!! I would move to Florida just to visit the place at least twice a week! I know I might sound crazy but realistically it is worth the trip!! I would recommend placing your order ahead of time!
I can't help but think this place is only popular because it is so trendy. I have been to 4R a handful of times after hearing everybody talk about it like it was Disney World. I absolutely love Beef Biscuit, but everytime I order it from this place it is dry. I have 10 times better bbq at a chain restaurant like Smokey Bones than I do here. There have been othere mom and pop BBQ places in town that never got "trendy" and never florished or will florish like 4R will. Don't get me wrong, if you go to this place you will have a decent meal after waiting in line for a while. But at the end of the day you may just be scratching your head as to why people all over town have stickers on there car supporting this place like it is running for presidency or something....
let me start off by saying my review may be a bit biased as I'm not a big meat eater. However, it's fair to say this place is pretty authentic Texas BBQ and serves up a lot of food for the price. My husband and I ended up splitting a pulled pork sandwich and burnt bits with three sides each. The sides were collard greens, mac and cheese, bread pudding, potato salad and beans. The pulled pork sandwich was indeed very good. The bunt ends were a bit dry though so we didn't enjoy them as much as we had hoped to. The sides dishes were probably the best part, aside from the collard greens (too mushy for my taste) and the potato salad, the BBQ baked beans and mac and cheese were my favorite and definitely recommend those. I also have to give honorable mention to the bread pudding, although I was too full to really eat much of it. I also ordered a slice of their coconut cake. It was a HUGE slice and again, tasty but a tad bit dry, although I could not even get through half of it. Overall, great food for a decent price, and if you're not into meat as much like I am, then you can literally make a meal of the good sized sides they serve up and then you'll of course, have more room for dessert that way. I would definitely come back here if I was ever in the area again.
Definitely worth the wait for 4Rivers BBQ.  The brisket is fantastic!  Looking forward to Longwood location and possible UCF/East Orlando/Waterford location.
It's all about the brisket...except it isn't. 4 Rivers kills it. I've eaten BBQ up and down the I95 corridor, and many points West. And while I'm sure that there are plenty of classic BBQ joints in Texas, Tennessee and Kansas City that can beat them in their regional specialties, nobody...and I mean nobody does all those styles under one roof as well as 4 Rivers. The brisket is what I can't get away from. I just can't. I've had the samplers, and all I want is more of it, with the occasional mop of delicious sauce. It helps that they have a truly baffling array of bottled sodas from every region to complement your meal. Sure, you can always just get a fountain Coke. But then you'd be missing out on the experience. What really sets this place apart is the sides. Try the cornbread salad, or perhaps the cheesy grit casserole. Even snapbeans (that's green beans, for the uninitiated), are fantastic. If you're near one of their many locations (and they just keep expanding), make sure to drop in and get some truly great BBQ.
Is Sixshooter one or two words? Six shooter? Sixshooter?  Who cares... just order it. I kinda like my food "quarantined" you know, beans separated from the meat, separated from my potato salad... but not this time.   Imagine this... hot smokey cheese grits under, amazingly yummy pulled pork under, cool and crunchy cole slaw under, pickles and jalapenos on the top and then a little BBQ sauce on the top of that... Holy Smokes!!! AH------- wait for it..... MAZING!!!!!  I love ribs and it's hard to get me to stray from what I like at BBQ, Ribs and sausage... but the girlfriend loves this thing and she offered to share one with me... and it was fantastic.  Incredibly rich and there's no way I could eat the whole thing, but it was perfect for sharing with some fried pickles and corn salad as our sides, we demolished this thing. The line was long as usual, and my shirt smelled like smoke afterwards but totally worth it. What I like about this place is that it's not your normal BBQ joint, they do it very creatively.  They don't mess with the BBQ, they just present it and combine it with imagination. Here's my only complaint, inside they have this great reach in fridge with all kinds of old fashioned sodas, and I love me some cream soda, but they are never cold so I never get one.  Fix the fridge and douse my thirst with a frosty beverage I say and this place is perfect. Go get your smoke on...
My all time fav BBQ restaurant ever. And I've tried it EVERYWHERE (all over US and the South).  The recipes and ingredients make the taste SO  amazing and there is just something special about the place. It is a true gem. Great job guys!!
Have eaten here before but in old location across the street. New location is very nice and much bigger with good parking. The food was amazing the sides were great the portions were large and cook properly -love this place. Might have to move back to Florida just eat here more often-get here early by noon the line was out the door and across the front of the building
This place ROCKS. The meat is cooked to perfection and their sides leave you wanting more.  This is seriously one of the best places for BBQ that I've ever been to.
Amazing! Best BBQ in central FL.
2 words: Burnt. Ends. I remember when I used to see the schmucks lining up in the hot August sun outside 4-Rivers at lunch time and I'll be honest- I was perplexed. Could anything taste good enough to get me nasty sweaty before having to head back to work? They must be crazy, I thought! And then I ate there. And soon it was I who was waiting in line with those schmucks. Each one of us politely smiling and faking not to notice the drops of sweat on each other's awkward place (mine was my pits, others had back and upper lip moistness). We all knew why we were here. We all looked out to those cars passing us by on Fairbanks and giggled. "Those Schmucks. They don't even know what they're missing." Join me. Order your burnt-ends proudly. And heck- order a fried oreo from the 4-R Sweet Shop. You won't be disappointing.
Two words: burnt ends. Without a doubt the best food in Orlando. I would rather sit on my couch and eat 4 Rs until i can't move anymore than be treated to a free steak from Ruth's Chris. The burnt ends are phenomenal, as well as the pulled chicken, pulled pork, brisket, and Texas sausage...actually everything on the menu is phenomenal. Their sides unbelievable too...and the amount they give you...ridiculous! I don't care how long the line is...you need to try this place. They cook their meat fresh every day as well, and everything is based off of homemade recipes. I cannot even put into words how good it is...I wish I had not eaten dinner already because I'd go there right now. Just writing this review has made me crave 4 Rs.
I love this place wish I knew about years ago
Great BBQ, side orders are not done as an afterthought, very tasty and flavorful. Friendly staff.
I think the bbq is excellent, and they have many side items that are great.  Try the corn- it's amazing!  They actually grill the corn on the cob as part of the process.  The baked beans are great.  I don't eat cheese, but the mac and cheese is supposed to be really good.  Ask which items are homemade and choose those.   The fried pickles are disappointing, the pickle slices are too thick.  The french fries are just okay, they really should make their own.  I've tried many things from the sweet shoppe, it's a hit or miss.  I've yet to figure out why this is- but the cookies are not very good, and the cupcakes are a 50/50 chance of being good.  I keep trying, and I'm pretty disappointed.   Overall I'm a fan though, and will keep coming back!
HANDS DOWN the BEST BBQ I have ever had! TOP NOTCH service with a smile.  No matter how much this company expands, there will ALWAYS be a line -- sometimes out the door.  But its impossible to walk away from the happinees, the smells, and the selection.  I recommend their Pork Sandwich, the Briskey (or the Burnt Ends if you want to combine the two) andthe baked beans and cheesy cornbread.  Do not visit Orlando without stopping here!
Great barbecue! First time we've eaten here and will do it again next time we come to Orlando! Unique setting and friendly wait staff.   Both the pulled pork and pulled chicken are very well smoked!  Almost better than mine!
For your first visit, I'd suggest trying to go when it won't be so busy. Maybe sometime after lunch during the middle of the week. The food is fantastic, of course. There's not much else I can say about it that hasn't already been said. There are many positive reviews, but don't let that skew your expectations. Seems like most of the mediocre or negative reviews were simply expecting too much, or have unrealistic standards. Yeah, it's some of the best BBQ in Florida, but it's not going to change your life or cure any illness. Unless you need a cure for hunger.
Read all the reviews and it looked like 4 Rivers was one of the highest rated BBQ restaurants in the Orlando area. Since we are on vacation we decided to try the Fairbanks Ave location. When we first arrived we saw a line and thought it was for take out. Oh no that was the line to get in!  Well I guess it's gonna be a good place if people are waiting in line. We decided to split a meat combo plate. Ribs, pulled, pork and brisket with potato salad, coleslaw and collard greens. Added a Nehi grape soda for ole' time sake!  The brisket was fantastic. Great bark with a smokey flavor but not over powering and moist. The pulled pork was incredible, very moist and great flavor. The ribs were also good with a nice bark with a nice charring on the edges. My wife had a moment of weakness and tried the new peanut butter fluff desert. What a great choice as it was a nice way to finish off a fantastic lunch. It's worth the trip and waiting in line. so my wife and I de
The best BBQ I've ever had. You can't go wrong here. Get there early because the line is usually out the door. The brisket and ribs are amazing, the Texas Destroyer is perfect if you're hungry and like it hot. Big dessert selection - cupcakes, pies and cakes.
The jalapenos alone got the five-star rating from me. Cream cheese, bacon, and fire-y, charry goodness. The barbecue is great (pulled pork and brisket were my favorite).  You can try several things by ordering their sliders, which was great for a tapas-loving girl like me. Let's be clear: it's great barbecue.  And I went during non-peak hours, so there was no wait and ample seating. The most awesome thing that they do, though, is provide a handwashing sink in the outside seating area. EVERY RESTAURANT should have this! There's no excuse to not wash your hands BEFORE and AFTER you eat the barbecue! Kudos to 4 Rivers!
We were in the area a few weeks ago, and drove by, and immediately saw the long line. We needed to find out what all the fuzz was about, and we checked out yelp. That is all good and fine, but the most important review is our own. We got the chance to try it out the day before yesterday. The line and the parking was fine with no problems. The service was better than fine. It is like being welcomed home. The food was really good. Best BBQ in Orlando in my opinion. The sauce had the right amount of sweetness and kick in it. We tried out a sampling of the food, and all was good. While eating outside, one of the owners stopped by and asked us if everything was okay, and they seemed to care about our answers. The cakes looked good, but we were full, so we decided to wait for the next visit to sample those. We will be going back there soon. BTW prices are very reasonable.
We did a take out order, the young lady that took our order was pleasant and courteous.  She was very helpful  with recommendations on feeding 20 people. The food was delicious, everyone was rant and ravening over how you taste the smokey favor and the tenderness of the meats.  I only wish there was a 4 River in my area.
Get past the hype people !! This place is not that great ! SLOW service waiting in a cafeteria line and getting everything else yourself. Everything plastic to eat with, no table service of any kind. Food is plain at best. It's just a "rave" but it won't last, customers will wake up to find there are much better places to eat BBQ in Orlando and get SERVED at the same time.
I hate BBQ. Hate. It. This place changed me completely. Everything was fantastic. The corn was my favorite. This place is always busy, but is worth the wait.
There is a reason they keep opening new locations...they have perfected BBQ. My go-to always is the pulled pork. Always cooked perfectly, delicious! People rave about the Brisket too, which my family loves. My dad ALWAYS gets the chicken sandwich. It is chopped up deliciousness.  I can never pick just two sides, it's always one of the hardest decisions. I love them all! The sweet potato casserole, mac-n-cheese, baked beans, corn (oh the corn), corn bread salad, bacon wrapped jalapenos...the list goes on. I love both sauces on the table too, sweet and spicy, so I take turns with each bite! lol. Definitely save room for dessert because The Sweet Shop is decadent. The girls need to go on cupcake wars or something. Every thing is HUGE and beautiful. They even had a Doritos, mountain dew flavored cupcake (but I wasn't brave enough to try). I went with  the red velvet cupcake but next time I'm definitely having their version of the 7layer bar, I think they call it Kryptonite.
Dude. Yes. The ribs, the fried pickles, the amazing cake of cheese grits, the brisket, the pork, all of it. So so delicious. Go here. It's worth the wait in the line that wraps around the building. Or place an order to go and get it sooner. In fact, just go now. You'll thank me.
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!! I always get the sliders because I can't decide which meat option tastes better..... They just expanded their porch seating & added some fans which helps in these hot summer months! 4Rivers is a really great BBQ place - I'd recommend it for anyone who likes good BBQ.
Pretty good, but it didn't live up to the hype for me.
I've been through Texas and back and 4Rivers still reigns supreme as my favorite BBQ place. Enough said. Not only is the brisket amazing but the sides are sooo good. Cheese grits and my favorite. Must go if you are in Orlando.
Done, amazing, so great!! The brisket is the best! For sides, get the corn for sure! This is one of 5 places I take my family when they are in town.
As far as I'm concerned this place is a cult. There's such a strong following, and they all seem extremely loyal. That being said, I don't like it. The newer location is much nicer than the original and I like the addition of the sweet shop (haven't tried it though). But I'm just not a barbecue fan. None of the food stands out to me above other BBQ places that I've been. Even things like the cornbread are ruined with jalapeños. The biscuits are served cold, which is a shame. I'm a huge fan of French fries but theirs seem like they come frozen out of a bag. I'm fairly certain the only things that are actually made in house are the meats. Everyone else in my party enjoyed the food, but didn't call it the best they had ever had. Maybe we are tough critics but nothing here shined above the rest. The restaurant was white full around dinner time and the staff does a great job cleaning up and making sure everyone is taken care of.   This is my second time here, only because I was bringing people who likes barbecue. I don't see myself ever returning. I give it 3 stars because most people seem satisfied with the food and the service and atmosphere were good and fit the theme of the restaurant.
What's to say that hasn't already been said? Great barbeque, and great people. Despite the long lines and hectic atmosphere, everyone serving there has always been cheerful and helpful. Even in their older, more cramped location - they managed to get a lot of hot people in and out efficiently and with a smile. The BBQ is good, but the customer service makes them really stand out.
I've driven by Four Rivers Smokehouse many times and seen the lines out the door so it was apparent they were doing something right and I needed to check it out.  Tonight I tried it for the first time and while I'm not sure it's worthy of the long lines, the food was good.  I like barbecue but it's not something I regularly order.  If pulled pork and brisket are your thing, you'll definitely be happy here.  The portions are generous and the sides are tasty.  Prices are $7+ for most sandwiches and around $12 for dinner entrees.  Seating and parking are both very limited so take-out is a good option if you live nearby.
I give in. This place is 5 stars. I don't know how they maintain such great consistency, but they do. I just can't get enough of that brisket. If your new to brisket, in my book the only way to get it is moist.  Otherwise it's chewy and plain tasting. Great job guys.
Excellent BBQ, tasty sides and surprisingly good sweets to boot. Well done.
Truly awesome BBQ!
As probably the only vegan with dozens of BBQ spots in her review history, here's another one for you.  And a four star at that.   We went for lunch on a Saturday and had to wait in a line that extended from the serving line to the outside sidewalk.  The folks at 4Rivers must know standing outside in the Florida heat is the worst and had a table set up with free ice water and lemonade for those waiting.  Such a considerate touch.   The line moved quickly thanks to the most efficient and friendly staff behind the food.  Even when I ordered my salad (which had lots of substitutions, I'm not annoying at all) they accommodated my requests (no meat, roasted corn in place of that, no cheese, dressing on the side).  The salad was ample and great, their roasted corn has tomatoes, jalapenos, and onions and is so flavorful.  I didn't use their dressing, instead opting for their mustard based BBQ sauce which was AWESOME.   Seating is family style in a large dining area and perfect for an informal lunch with friends while enjoying what I'd heard from my companions the best BBQ they've had.
The Six Shooter is everything you need to know about 4Rivers. Excellent pulled pork, cheese grits, and add a side of their fried pickles for a real treat.  Also, pleasantly surprised at the flavor of the collards. Good stuff. Keep up the good work, John!
5 stars for Orlando BBQ. Don't bother with the pulled pork, its not that great. The Beef Brisket is where it's at and man do they have wonderful sides and deserts!
Great BBQ but what sets them apart is their amazing sides. Sometimes I'll go and just order sides. The baked beans, collard greens, and corn are some of my favorites. They also have a banana bread pudding that I adore but they only serve it Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays. If you're in a hurry call ahead and order to go. It's always ready when you get there and you can avoid the often crazy-long line !
The best BBQ joint in Orlando. In all of Florida. In all of the Southeast. This is the best BBQ I have had a in a long long time. Unlike a lot of BBQ joints in Florida these guys are NOT afraid of spices. And thanK God for that. I had the burnt end sandwich that was 1/2 pork and 1/2 brisket. They pulled out a new slab of brisket when we got inside. It was divine. The jalapenos wrapped in bacon were amazing. There wasn't a dang thing I didn't love. Excellent mac n cheese, smoky grilled corn, sweet potatos with real pecans and the biscuits wer awesome! Expect to wait in line and eat outside. Expect to be mesmerized by the side dishes. Expect perfection in meat. We'll be back!
Amazing!  Barbeque was well worth the waid and the sides were awsome as well.  The corn salsa side was unique and delish.  Wish they had more seating/ parking but I would go back in a heart beat!
This place offer's one of the best southern BBQ in the Central Florida area. From the brisket to the ribs, everything is bursting with southern flavors. The sweet tea is amazing. Everything here tastes great. Nothing I tried was bad. Definitely a real southern charm. 4 rivers is a must try! A very satisfying place to douse your southern food cravings!
The best bbq in orlando! Always come out stuffed. The wait is worth it! There is always a line out the door everytime I go. I've had the brisket, pulled chicken, and burnt-end sandwich. All amazing!! Haven't tired all the sizes but the fries, the fried pickles, mac and cheese, jalepeno stuffed with cheese wrapped in bacon is great! I also had the friend okra.. I feel like.. it gets a bit bland after a few. Definitely needs to be dipped in something.
My daughter and I went here a couple of weeks ago. IT was really good. We caught them when there wasnt a big crowd. I guess my only negative would be if there was a crown the seating is limited and we would  have had to drive home and reheat out food. There worth the trip though!!! I hve to add there coconut cake was awsome. I wasnt expecting much since its a BBQ place, but I was happy with the size and taste; wasnt too happy with the price though.
Went tonight at around 7PM and the line was out the door of course. You have to hunt for parking. Bring a buddy, a loved one, your DS, or just look at the menu while you wait (don't understand the folks who take forever figuring out what they want once they make it to the front when they have so much time to do that beforehand). The smokehouse is in the front and they also have some dessert items in the case by the register but they also have a sweet shop inside and in the dining area, so don't feel inclined to grab whatever you see in the case (more choices are good!). We got a huge slice of red velvet cake, brought it home and sad to taste that it was so dry and hard. Everything else my husband and I had was awesome though, like always. I had the pulled chicken with 2 sides (beans and coleslaw) and the hubby had burnt ends with fried pickles, baked cheese grits, sweet potato casserole,  and a biscuit.  I got a drink from the case, he got a fountain drink. It all came out to about $30, which was well worth it. The meat is tender, flavorful,  and cooked perfect, no matter what it is. I'm picky with chicken so I don't say that lightly. The beans are my favorite. I hate shreads of meat in beans, but they kept that to a minimum this time. The fried pickles are perfect and never last. The sweet potatoes are creamy and sweet with bits of nuts mixed in. The biggest and best suprise was the baked cheese grits-Best side, hands down. The biscuit looked good but tasted like disappointment warmed into hard sailors tack. I've tasted their corn bread, which is good, so the biscuit was not good in comparison. Alas, what they lack in baking, they make up for in great BBQ and sides, which is the whole point, right?
Hands down the BEST BBQ one can find in Orlando. Owner's are awesome and will peruse the customer's and ask on opinions. How awesome is that? Just look at all the 4Rivers bumper stickers out on the road and you'll know that this place is THE place to eat in Central Florida! EDIT 9/4/13: With the new updated facilities I am pleased that now Sweet Shop is offered at the Winter Park location! The sweetly tasting goodness will forever flow forth from that little counter! I will have to say that the quality of food is NOT as consistent as it used to be. I'm a little dissappointed that it seems 4R has become a bit complacent in aftermath of their world domination of Central Florida BBQ. It could also be that I'm just setting myself up as all I can remember is my first time I tasted that goodness.
Great BBQ.  Awesome brisket, the baked beans are the best I've ever had and the cornbread salad is fabulous!
Pros: The sandwiches were extremely creative. The meat was nice and tender and the sides were good as well. Cons: The brisket was a little over seasoned. Also I expected my sandwich to be a little more messier (I know this sounds weird). Not to mention the long lines and people in each other's personal space was not a very comfortable experience.
Came here on a tuesday night and the line was out the door!! Even as I was leaving there still was a line at 8pm!  Half racks of ribs were depleted by 7:30pm. I ordered the Texas Destroyer sandwich and it was bomb diggity.  Smoked Brisket, Jalepenos, and Cheese.  The brisket was sooo soft and tender.  I also got side dishes of corn and sweet potato casserole.  They were both delicious as well.  I was stuffed after this sandwich and two sides.  I can't picture eating a dinner item. CONS: Parking can be an issue and somewhat of limited seating.  Only outdoor seating is available. I can't wait to come back and try the pulled pork!
Simply awesome! Bananna desert rocks!
Mark A. & I came at the right time. Early lunch right before 11:30am. We stood there staring at all the options trying to decide what we wanted. Good thing it was empty still. We finally decided on a pulled pork dinner plate & a brisket dinner plate. Sides we chose were mac & cheese, sweet potatoes, corn, beans, and fries. Not even halfway through our meal, I look up and see the line is OUT THE DOOR. So definitely come early for lunch! I'm not a bbq connoisseur whatsoever, so honestly, all the bbq I've had tastes the same to me: good! haha. It's really the sauce that makes the bbq, right? So let's talk about those. I liked the sauce that my pulled pork came with; I just wish they had poured on some more. They do have two sauces at the table: a regular somewhat tangy one & another one that has a slight kick to it. Neither of which seemed to be what was originally on my pork. Fail. I also wish they had more sauces to choose from. Two doesn't seem to be a good enough number for a 5-star bbq joint. The highlights of the sides were the fries and the beans. Fries had a special seasoning to it, not just salt. And they were seasoned just right. Whatever sauce the beans comes in was delicious. My favorite of all the sides. We also grabbed a chocolate pudding dessert, which was good but probably not worth the price paid. Not much bread at the bottom to make it a bread pudding. Usually when I think bbq, I don't think fancy or expensive. 4Rivers has some good tastes, but I think it's too expensive. I also didn't like how there's not a combo platter. If you want to try pork AND brisket in one platter, you have to order a side of one aka more $$.
The first time I heard about 4 Rivers my husband was driving by, and he called to tell me about the line of people going out the door of this restaurant!  Being new to the area I had no idea what he was talking about. When I did a little researching I found out that Four Rivers Smokehouse is the BBQ hotspot in the Orlando area. Looking back on our first visit I have to laugh because we had no clue as to what to expect.  Parking was insane until we figured out we could use the lot at the church across the street.  Once we figured out the parking it was time to get in line.  I've been a handful of times and yes you will most likely wait outside in the Florida sun for about 15 minutes.  4 Rivers does take notice of this and every visit they have had someone handing out samples to those waiting. For our first visit I got the pulled pork and my husband got the pulled chicken sandwich.  Turns out that while the pork and the chicken were very tasty.  The brisket is where its at.  I ran into the owner John and told him it was our first time.  He asked what we were having and went and fetched us a box of the brisket.  Oh, my was this delicious.  Since then we always fancy the brisket.  We mix it up with different sides with our favorites being the mac & cheese and bbq beans. The desserts are very tempting.  There is no way you can get by without drooling over them since they are displayed next to the cashier.  They all look delectable.  While I've been told by a fellow table mate that the fried Oreos are TDF,  I can't resist the red velvet cake.  During one of our visits they were handing out small cups of homemade chocolate chip ice cream.  Nothing like homemade! Yes you have to wait in the hot sun if you didn't plan ahead and call your order in, but it's worth it.  The food is great, the service is friendly, and the prices are a deal considering how much food you get.
So delicious. The food is amazing. The wait is worth it. The seating is meh, but also worth it. And, to top it all off, they have that awesome ice that locks in the flavor of your drink; crushed ice in those little cylindrical shapes; so delicious.
Too much hype for this place. Very inconsistent quality. Just ok BBQ
Yummy! I really wasn't expecting anything when I came here- I deliberately didn't read any reviews, just in case I had higher hopes than necessary. And I hate being disappointed. Location was easy to find and surprisingly enough I was able to find parking on the side of the restaurant. The line was out the door but it was ok cause it gave plenty of time for me to catch up with sisters and read through the menu. Once i got to the front of the line, I knew I wanted to have pulled pork- my default for BBQ.  I was surprised that they took the tray laid with paper and just put everything on it. I guess it saves trash in the long run; no plates.  My sides I got mac n cheese and bacon wrapped jalapeno poppers. Came with a biscuit. Being an outdoor seating restaurant and it was cold it seemed silly to have the ceiling fans on...and my food got cold quite quickly. Or at least lukewarm. (i'm not really a fan of not-so-hot mac'n'cheese but the pork and poppers were still ok. Portion of meat was quite big and I did have a hard time eating all of it. (I hate wasting but seeing as I was catching a plane at 6am there was no place for left overs.)  I also was a big fan of the bacon poppers and wish that I didn't get the mac'n'cheese. so note to self...double order of bacon wrapped poppers. Staff here is incredible- friendly and very helpful.  I had quite a few questions during my food picking process and though they were very busy the folks behind the food made conversation and assisted  with all my novice questions. Then at the end of the night, they started cleaning up around us girls who stayed forever!  Never once did someone make like it was a big deal that we were still chilling and talking and slow eater me was still picking off my tray.  One of the girls politely cleared or table and took the trays. We also got complimentary cups of banana ice cream...which even with the cold weather was kinda melty...but tasty. I wish I had come to this place while I lived in FL cause it was really good and I really want to go back!! #Yelp 365 Challenge- 121/365
Wow, wow, wow, did I say wow already? Amazing food, the burnt ends and the brisket is fantastic. Hands down the best BBQ I have tasted so far.
This place has incredible bbq. We had the beef ribs, pulled pork, texas sausage, jalapenos wrapped in bacon, man n cheese, potato salad, and cole slaw. All were of the hook. We also had dessert. Red velvet and birthday cupcakes. Moist and oh so tasty. For those who haven't been, just go already.
Thankfully they're building a new location on Fairbanks, so the parking/space issues will be fixed by then. Until then I suggest going to the Longwood location on 434 if you can because it's much less crowded. I love the pulled chicken, it's smoky, juicy and seasoned fabulously, and I love the fried pickles. Everything I've had has been very good, but not good enough for 5 stars. Nonetheless, this is one of my favorite places in Orlando and is one of the best for BBQ. There's a large bottled soda collection, which is fun, and the Longwood location has the Sweet Shop, which can be hit-or-miss from what I understand. The shake I got there was huge and easily split between two people, but some of the baked goods taste like pure sugar. No bueno. Definitely recommend Four Rivers! It's some of the best BBQ I've had.
Best BBQ in Orlando and that says a lot from someone who grew up on Dinosaur BBQ in Syracuse, NY.
OMFG, I'm having a foodgasm right now!!! I wish I was a cow with four stomachs because we don't have this amazing restaurant in Atlanta. Get the Smokehouse Sliders. It comes with three sliders and different choices of meats to mix and match along with two sides. This option allows you to try all the meats if you only get one shot to eat here for less than $10! Leave room for their decadent desserts as well. Don't let the long line deter you, it moves fast and totally worth it! OPEN ONE IN ATLANTA PLEASE!
I am a fan of 4Rivers, not for their pork but because of their beef, chicken, and turkey. I've had the turkey more than three times and it has NEVER been dried. I love that! So many other places think they have decent turkey until you bite into a dry piece of turkey. No sauce can make that up. Anyways, the turkey is great. They smoke chicken is delicious. and the brisket is just to die for! I am not giving it five stars because I truly think you could find better pork and sauce in other restaurants and (the biggest reason) because they don't have healthy sides. The corn is ok but the beans, collards, mac & cheese, green beans, etc they all have been cooked in unhealthy styles and there is not middle ground for people like me. I once catered a meeting with 4Rivers and they offered veggie skewers and they were great. I wish they would add those to their regular menu. Overall is a good place to eat. You won't regret it.
Best barbecue in town, hands down, no discussion. I'm not much of a brisket fan in general but the brisket here is so moist and tender that they've made a believer of me. My favorite is the pulled pork sandwich . It's so good that it doesn't need sauce. The sides are great - mac & cheese, friend okra and stuffed roasted jalapenos being my favorites. Yes, the parking situation is bad and there isn't much seating but the quality of the food makes it worth the effort. There is a reason the lines are so long here. Love this place!
After a 35 minute ride (Mapquest and GPS apparently were not on same page) and a 25 minute wait time to get inside, I was disappointed. Three meals and drinks was over $60+, the ribs were dry, the two sauce options were less than thrilling, the fries were overcooked, the mac and cheese tasted like Kraft. The only three things that kept this rating average were the beverage selection, the tasty bbq beans, and the smoked chicken wings. If I could do it again, I would have saved my money, gas and milage.
This place was super good! I've never really eaten at a smokehouse, but this makes me want to visit one over and over again. I had the smokehouse sliders which is basically 3 sliders of your choice. I tried out the pulled chicken, brisket, and burnt ends (SOOO GOOD!). I'm not a huge meat eater (I usually stick to chicken), but this place was just so good that I couldn't help it. I also doused my food in some of the hot sauce that was on the table and it was really good. I also had the mac and cheese and the sweet potato casserole. I'm a sucker for mac and cheese and I'm quite the critic, but it definitely passed! The sweet potatoes, on the other hand, not so much. It was too runny, too sweet, kind of tangy... a really weird mix. I did appreciate the walnuts in there though... it offset its runny texture. I wish I saved room for dessert since they had cupcake milkshakes, but the portions were so big that I just couldn't do it. Overall, really happy I went here and I would definitely go again. (avoided the line up by going at 11:30 on a Saturday morning)
Great BBQ! There was a line to wait in, but it was totally worth it.  Between the 3 if us we had burnt ends, ribs, mac n cheese, corn bread, smoked jalapenos, and baked beans. All was great, although I think the jalapenos were unique and yummy.  No indoor seating... We took it back to the resort and had left overs for several meals.  Great food and great value.
This place had amazing BBQ! Who knew there was good BBQ in Florida? I went with my friend to this place and we got here about 6:30pm on a Friday night. There was a long line but it moved pretty fast. The service is great - all the people working the food line were very friendly! They also have a whole selection of old style sodas which is pretty cool. I ordered the two item, BBQ chicken and sausage with a side of Mac and cheese, corn and BBQ beans. Everything I ordered was delicious - it was like eating home cooked bbq. If your looking for amazing BBQ this is the place to go!!!
Really wanted to try the ribs from the smoker since they looked absolutely delicious in the website's picture but they were sold out: a sure testament to how phenomenal they must really be! My bff and I decided dinner on Saturday would definitely come from 4Rivers! I opted for the pulled pork with baked beans, mac and cheese and smokehouse corn.  My bff had the yelp-favorite: brisket with the same sides. Both dishes were really good but I'm still holding out for the ribs and the opportunity to sincerely 5-star this restaurant! I will be back!
Some of the best BBQ in Orlando, centrally located in Winter Park. Usually there is a line during peak times, so plan accordingly.
When I open my own shitty BBQ joint, I'm going to give away free bumper stickers. What would possess someone to put that on their car? "I'm going to be an ad for an overpriced cafeteria-style BBQ." Tell us what you really think, Za. Ok, I will. So I went to 4 Rivers, having been told it was a must-try. It wasn't. When food comes out of cafeteria trays on a production line, when the food tastes like any other meat cooked in any other sauce-plus-salt, when a fist-sized pile of said meat and sauce costs $11, when the word "Texas" appears anywhere without the word "f***" in front of it, it is not a must try. It is a must-avoid.
My favorite restaurant in all of Orlando! Incredible food and great service. Always a line out the door, but there's good reason for that. My favorites are the Santa Maria Tri Tip Steak sandwich and the bread pudding. And you can also get the Butter Beer from Harry Potter in a bottle disguised under a different name, Flying Cauldron Butterscotch Beer. You probably won't have room for dessert, but I recommend an Earthquake mini-cake/cupcake to take home. Amazing!
Finally, I tried the new: 4Rivers 4rsmokehouse.com location in Longwood, Florida. I have to say that this places keeps getting better and I am enjoying the convenience of the three Orlando Florida area locations. Thanks 4Rivers, you rock!
First time here,  unreal.   The food is awesome,  the sides are amazing and the desserts are off the charts.   There is always a 10 minute wait but so worth it.   I had the sliders today,  they come with 3. So I had one of Pulled Pork,  Pulled Chicken and of course their famous Brisket.   I now see why their Brisket is famous.   It was all great,  a must try for BBQ.
We went for an early dinner, and so avoided a long line for our first time there. The brisket is really good, very juicy with the necessary smoke rings, and its sliced right in front of you. As my two sides, I ordered mac & cheese and sweet-potato casserole. The m&c was nothing to brag about (not bad, not great..maybe velveeta?) and I found the casserole to lack brown sugar, the amount of nutmeg was overwhelming. Being a big sweet potato fan, I was disappointed. They have a beautiful display of desserts, including krispy kreme bread pudding. I did not find the food great enough to bear with the outdoor only seating with mid-day heat. But I would suggest it as a to-go place If you live around the area.
4 Rivers has great bbq, and they would have gotten 5 stars just based on their food, but their service leaves a lot to be desired.  I have been there multiple time and it was the last vist to the their location in Winter Park that reduced their # of stars.  I love their bread pudding, I think it is a great side, and have had it ,multiple time but the last time I went their they had put bananas in and did not bother to have a sign or tell me that there were bananas in it.  Bananas make me extremely sick and I am happy to say that a few days later when I went to heat it up and eat I saw weird gray things in it and questioned what they could be before I put in any my mouth.  I feel that if a restaurant has multiple styles of an item they need to inform the customer of what style they are serving that day.
Simply the best! I go here ever year & won't stop til they close the doors! One of my favorite places to eat on the planet. Do it! Desserts rule too & I'm a diet freak! 4 Rivers is the place to let loose though and try it all!
I know I said that I would try something different during my next visit but I was craving the Southern Pulled Pork sandwich again! It was just as good as I remembered it. The pork was tender, juicy, and flavorful. I also got mac & cheese and collards as my two sides. The collards were a bit tangy and had pieces of ham in it. I had a couple bites of my friend's sweet potato casserole and it was really good, too. It had pieces of either walnuts or pecans mixed in and was a bit on the sweet side. The Winter Park location is very small. Luckily, the line wasn't too bad this afternoon. The only downside to this location is that there is no indoor seating so your only option is to sit out on the patio or order to go. It was pretty uncomfortable sitting out in the heat but they do have some misting fans to help keep customers cool.
Best BBQ I've Had in Orlando.
We got introduced to this place by a friend and us being from Tx her and her husband wanted to see what our opinion was on the Tx style BBQ which normally we do not bother eating anywhere outside of Tx just because of the number of disappointments we have had in the past. I must say this place was pretty good I preferred my husbands sandwich called the pig versus my prime rib sandwich which i felt was really dry and could have used the classic au jus that goes with prime rib. The fried pickles were my favorite then again I am pregnant at the time I went. Another thing i love is the free ice cream that they offer to pregnant mothers =) The cupcake milkshake is the yummiest thing too!
I finally decided to try this place after reading review after review praising the brisket. I have to say, I have some mixed feelings about this place but none stemming from the food. I ordered the Brisket and Pulled Pork dinner which was really awesome. Tender, fresh sliced brisket paired with freshly pulled pork (including little crispy end pieces which I rather enjoyed). The Mac and Cheese was pretty standard, but the collard greens were really good having little pieces of bacon scattered throughout for good measure. The sauces were pretty standard, and did the job. All and all a meal really worth venturing over to have. The only thing I would say is GET IT TO GO! There is only outdoor seating and as popular as this place is, your most likely going to end up being a standing eater if you stick around...not my thing so get it to go.
Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Suggest you call in ahead of time and pick up. It's way, way faster that way. #1 choice is Texas Destroyer. Had an issue one time with a time wait, they sent me a voucher for a free meal. I liked the way they handled it. Go visit or call in, Definitley worth it.
Eat here. Get the Six Shooter, save room for dessert.
Do not let the line coming out the door deter you! It moves fast. I'm hardcore on the Six Shooter, but I've never had a bad meal. Everything is deliciousness. And the cookies are excellent as well.
If you're looking for the best BBQ around, 4Rivers is the place to be. Juicy cuts, great portions, and best of all, great flavor. Can't go wrong at 4R!
A very busy place, long line but it seemed to move quickly. The food was flavorful but served at room temperature.  I don't enjoy cool/cold food unless it is a salad.   The cheddar grits were delicious.  Cute atmosphere and great prices.
Great BBQ joint. Flavor, selection and quality are top level within their category. 4Rivers Is sooo darn good everybody and their mother wants to go, this represents an operational and customer traffic issue that unless some scaling is in their business plan, it could lead to an eventual drop in quality, and even longer waits for customers.  It is common to wait in line between 30 minutes to 1hr for your turn.  They should break traffic with another door, one to enter and one to leave, right now there's just a bottleneck with only one door. As much as I love this place I don't go as often as i'd like to, the lack of  parking and long wait times are kind of a deal breaker for me to become a "reg", but trust me- when you try their food, you will know why there's such a Disneylandic line to get simple BBQ: their food is truly amazing! Get the brisket, pulled pork and the jalapeno/bacon wrapped poppers - those little suckers are as close as you can get to heaven for under $15.
The Texas destroyer is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Anyone who tells you their meat was dry is a fucking liar Anyone who tells you this place is all hype is full of shit No one is touching this place when it comes to smokehouse meat.  GET THE PLATTERS!!! 3 sides and a biscuit and/or cornbread for 13 bucks!  They only charge another 2.50 to add a second meat to your platter. When you get to the guy who takes your order ask him to try something,  he will give you a sample of whatever you like happily.  I always pretend i've never been here so he will hand me a piece of brisket or prime rib I can shove in my face. The other day we came here and we were disappointed with the ribs which was 1 time out of 20.  I asked to speak to a manager and he came out promptly and immediately offered to correct the mistake.  I told him that everything was fine but what happened with the ribs today?  He apologized and sent us home with a luscious extra full rack of ribs  and even offered us a dessert which we had to decline because we were both too full of brisket. If you're fat you will love this place If you're skinny you will love this place If you are a pretentious asshole nothing will make you happy not even GODLIKE bbq
From looking at all the reviews and standing in line for 30 minutes I had a lot of expectations for this place. I mean it was good but it's not the best BBQ I've ever had. We ordered brisket dinner plate and added pulled pork. The brisket was served at room temperature and was kind of dry. The pulled pork was a little juicer and had a lot of flavor. I pretty much had to drench both meats with their sauce to make it better. The sides were a little better. The mac and cheese was okay. It tasted like a creamier version of Krafts. The green beans tasted like it came out of a can. On the other hand, the corn one of the best side dishes. The potato salad and corn bread was just regular, nothing too special. My favorite was the bread pudding! Would definitely get that agin. If i was really craving BBQ I would come back but I think it's overhyped. But I will give it another shot when I am back in town
bbq..... yummy !!!
4.5 stars.  I have not been fortunate enough to try many of the best BBQ joints around the country.   So my experiences have been limited a bit to some more average places that don't have the notoriety of "best BBQ".   That being said this was the best BBQ I've ever had.  The brisket was incredible; it was firm yet perfectly tender and moist. The jalapeño bites they offer for a side or app were unforgettable.  They were smoky and delicious.  I tried two types of BBQ sauce (I think the only two they offer) and I couldn't decide which I liked better. I nearly put it on the napkins and ate them.  This is on the short list for me as a "must visit" when I am back in Orlando.
This food is fantastic but BOY will you have to wait! The 4R staff definitely ought to consider a more efficient way of getting customers through.   It's definitely worth the wait, though. Prices are fair considering you'll get heaps and heaps of food. They've even got a sweet shop inside (try the bacon cupcake! Trust me!). The Cuban Smokehouse is a must. In short, four stars because the wait can be off-putting, but the food is fantastic. (...No vegetarian options here.)
Food was great... Line was extremely long took about 25 minutes mind you i came around 3pm I can't imagine lunch hour.... I got the pulled pork and by the time I sat down it was cold and being that I waited so long to get it I was too hungry and just ate it :p but the 3 sides I got we're good Mac n cheese, coleslaw was divine and potato salad was yummy! It was a good place but nothing to go crazy about!
This place is INCREDIBLE! I'm not usually a fan of Texas BBQ but holy cow this place is amazing! Everything is top notch and in huge portions, you definitely get what you pay for. Burnt ends is my all time favorite!
Finally got in! Every time we went the line was so long that we just drove past. Pros - The food is good. Loved the mac & cheese - very cheesy. The angus brisket was smokey and I loved eating the burnt bits. A guy stands at the counter and cuts the meat in front of you. The star of the show was the brisket - so tender and good. The corn was spicy with tomato and random things thrown in it. The turkey was spicy as well. Loved the dessert - Chocolate Awesomeness. It was fudge, pudding, nuts, caramel, whipped cream, cake, maybe more!  I dont like sweets and I loved it. Good prices. 12.99 for angus brisket with 3 sides (and that was the most expensive item on the menu). I really loved the BBQ sauce - it was tangy with a little bit of spice AND they gave us enough :) I dont like meat this much usually so that must mean something. I will be honest and say it wasnt amazing but it was very good. Cons- They need to upgrade their location with all the money they are making! The parking lot holds 7 cars maybe and out of those 7 cars, 5 never move and some are spots that are near impossible to weasel out of without hitting someone due to double parking or just because of how weird the parking lot is. Some park on a slant and some park straight. The guy taking out the trash said to park at the pawn shop or the church. At the pawn shop next door, I asked if it was ok since I parked in front of a sign saying I would be towed. He hesitated and then said it was ok if I was just picking up. I said okay and ran really fast. Not cool that people who work there say you can park in a certain place that is not reliable! There is always a line. We tried to go three times and each time the line was out the door and there was no parking. Finally, we got there at 5 and there wasnt that many people. By the time we left, there was a dozen people waiting. It's a very tiny place too so not everyone can wait inside. It's also at an intersection that is SUPER busy so getting out is a pain in the butt. Also, it appears there is only seating outside. When its cold, that sucks. Very tiny inside and the line moves fast so you havta think quick. I asked for grits and was given beans. Not only that - the beans spilled on everything. That sucked! The food is good and I would go there often if the parking wasnt so horrible. Since its such a pain, I will probably never go there again.
I moved to Florida in 2003, but originally from Texas. Im on the road a lot and have made it my quest to find perfect BBQ.  I can be happy to announce i believe i have ended my quest for the perfect brisket! (But kinda sad to end my quest though).  This manna from heaven was worth the seemingly 30 minute wait in line. I ordered the brisket sandwich, but as soon as i saw the juice coming out of the perfectly seasoned black crust and the knive slicing throught the pink smoke ring i almost unconciously blurted out "and a pound to go please".  Seriously, this is better than anyplace I've remember in Texas, although i may be shot for saying so.  The other meats looked good but i still say Smoky D's in St Augustine is the place for Chicken and Chopped Pork but their brisket doesnt hold a candle to Four Rivers.  All hail Four Rivers. Ye have done did it!  Dat meat aint need nothin but eatin!
TL;DR: 4Rivers still has a hit or miss quality for me. While they've improved, I still am not drinking the 4Rivers koolaid. It's a great atmosphere with some (and I stress that) tasty offerings, but don't expect everything to taste as amazing as that brisket. And get the double chocolate cake. -------------------- Third time is a charm, it seems! Last time I tried 4Rivers was at least 2.5 years ago, and I was not impressed. I honestly did not understand why everyone was obsessed with it! The meat wasn't very flavored, the cornbread was dry, and i hated that jalapenos were in the cornbread. I refused to go back and dubbed it an overrated local bbq joint that people only liked because everyone else did. Then, I decided, I must make a final decision! So I rallied the troops and off we went to 4Rivers on a Friday night. The line was long, no surprise there! It was my first time at the new location which is much nicer. The line has shade and shows you the menu, as opposed to the tiny restaurant where you lined up in the parking lot. Major points to 4Rivers for efficiency. Even though the line looks long and the tables are full, they manage to get through it fast and the tables keep opening up without anybody pushing you to leave. My group ordered the following: Burnt ends with Texas cornbread, cornbread salad, baked cheese grits + biscuit Pulled chicken with potato salad, fried pickles, baked cheese grits + biscuit Pulled pork with coleslaw, smoked jalapenos, green beans + biscuit Brisket with baked cheese grits, fried okra, cornbread salad + biscuit We also tried the chocolate awesome and double chocolate cake. Now, let's lay it all out there. Half of these were delicious, half were lacking. I'll gladly take back anything bad I ever said about their brisket or pulled pork, it was smoky, moist, and tender and soooo good. I almost stole it from my friends plates and gave them the burnt ends I ordered. The burnt ends had way too much sauce on them and reminded my table of sloppy joes. I would have loved to taste the meat/rub flavor but it was just completely over powered by sauce. The pulled chicken was a mixture of dry and moist, which was disappointing. Side wise: The cornbread salad was disappointing. The description made it seem like there would be more cornbread, but that may have been my own fault. I thought it would be a cornbread version of potato salad. The baked cheese grits were FRIGGIN DELICIOUS. Get them. Don't question it. Just let it happen. The coleslaw is sweet and finely chopped, potato salad didn't receive rave reviews and was left rather untouched. The biscuits were too tough and didn't have much flavor, plus there was a huge disappointment they weren't kept warm. The cornbread itself was much better this time, it was incredibly moist and fell apart. I'd definitely sub out the biscuit for the cornbread, the taste is much better. The fried pickles were delicious and they're thick cut with a good crunch and light breading. Desserts: Chocolate awesome is a great light pudding dessert, I loved it! If you love chocolate, get the double chocolate cake. It's fudgy and moist and oh-so-good. You won't regret it. Also, major bonus points for the Cheerwine on the fountain drinks!
This place is the best! went on vacation to orlando and couldnt help but to go back again. the ribs are to die for! and the pulled pork is excellent.. i also tried the wings and the brisket. I went to Texas in the summer and couldnt even find a BBQ place this good! The line does go out the door but its 100% worth the wait! Cant wait to go back!!! =]
I'm am a north Carolinian that grew up in Texas. I know good BBQ and This is definitely it. The only regret I have Is that they ran out of ribs and smokes jalapenos before I made it through the line. We got there right at closing time, so it was our fault. Might just have to go back before vacation is over.
Best BBQ one can find by Orlando. Beef Brisket is always a winner. Everything else, including sides, are amazing. Two things I want to restate (mentioned in other reviews): 1. If you're searching for a place to bring out-of-towners and want to amaze them with good food, this is the place to take them. 2. Plan in advance; prepare for lines of people pile up as early as 11am. The parking lot does not accommodate the loads of people that show up (be patient).
Ode to Four Rivers....When I think of Four Rivers my heart goes a quiver, my body starts to shiver and I drive down and wait for someone to deliver, my brisket to me, then I go have a seat and eat my BBq in the Florida heat! Not since I lived in Dallas, TX have I been able to find true Texas BBq!  And I've lived in LA for 12 yrs now and only when I go to Dallas to visit do I get BBq like it is supposed to be.  Well, Four Rivers Smokehouse in Winter Park, FL is the real deal!  True blue Texas BBq and they do it so well, I went back 3 times in my week long vacation to Orlando,FL.  Everything is awesome goodness,  you can't go wrong with anything you order.  Standouts are the brisket, ribs, Texas sausage (yum!), prime rib, fried okra, fried pickles, baked beans (yummy!),sweet potato casserole (delish!), potato salad, Mac n cheese....I could go on but you just have to go, brave the lines, it's worth every minute.  Oh, I forgot about the bacon wrapped stuffed jalepeno!!!!! Get it!
Well after hearing all the rave reviews about this barbque place I decided it was time to see what all the fuss was about.  I had heard it was the best barbque in Central Florida.  Now I have been here for many, many years and had more barbque than 95% of the population if I am guessing right.  I mean it is one of the major food groups, along with burgers, subs, and steaks. After showing up at about 1:30 on an August afternoon I find no less than ten people standing in a line outside waiting to get in the air conditioned section of the line, while about 50 people are sitting  outside on the patio eating their meals.  My wife and I are looking at each other in disbelief that this was actually occurring.  We were thinking wow, how can something be this good.   Cudos for the very ambitious and diverse menu of various meats, side dishes and deserts.  I had the pulled pork and beef brisket.  The brisket was very tasty.  The amount of pork was a very generous size portion and had a good flavor.  It was not the best tasting pork I have had.  The beans were ok, but were not the best I have had.  The corn I would not order again.  The bacon wrapped, cream cheesed filled, jalapeno peppers were very good.  The corn bread was a little on the dry side.  My wife had the chopped chicken sandwich which she said was dry.  Her sides were the sweet potato casserole which was so so on the flavor.  The green beans were kind of bland. Eating outside on the patio with large fans was not good.  The fans made the patio smell like the near by dumpster.  This made it real hard to taste and enjoy the food.  The bottom line, if I was in Winter Park I would try it again, just to check out all the different menu items, but if I go it will be alone because the dumpster smell was a deal breaker for my wife.
Having dined here in the past with a favorable outcome, I was a little underwhelmed today. I decided on having the Brisket Sandwich on a bun with corn and fries. I was a bit surprised to find the meat a bit chewy and lacking seasoning. After I added the BBQ sauce, it tasted a lot better but I am basing my review on the meat itself. I feel anything in this world can taste good with that amazing sauce. Despite it being very tender, the juicy flavor blast just didn't surface. I was planning on getting the rack of ribs and I am regretting my decision to go with the brisket. Despite there being a line, service is very efficient and the servers work well together. Everyone was smiling and having a good time and that is important nowadays. The restaurant itself is very clean and that's vital to keeping a healthy environment for their customers. I didn't realize their sweets counter was so extensive now but they offer a variety of sweet indulgences.
I was surprised when I first walked in that it was cafeteria type servings. It's fast casual but the food is definitely up to par. Deliciously seasoned. Great prices for the amount of food. I personally recommend the pulled chicken since I don't eat pork. The only thing is that they aren't open on Sundays. I think it's good to be closed and to have time to spend with your family...just one of this things that, you crave it when you can't have it.
Absolutely the best BBQ!
For a foreigner , never tried American barbecue,  my first experience was absolutely amazing, now i can see why the line flood coming out in busy hours. If you dont mind waiting on line average 15-20 min in rush hours, and you are around Winter Park area , go try it.
Four Rivers wasn't quite the revelation I expected it to be based on all of the glowing reviews. Nothing I had was extraordinary, but there certainly wasn't anything bad, either. That said, compared to other barbecue offerings in Orlando, this is probably one of your better options. On the positive side: the brisket is really good; it's got a deep, smokey flavor that I dare you to try and find at O'Boys or Bubbalou's. Also, the collard greens are nicely executed (if you've never been able to get the hang of collards, this is a good place to start,) as were the baked beans and biscuits. The sweet potatoes are really heavy on the cinnamon-sugar, so that could be a good or a bad thing, depending on your tastes (I liked them.) The pulled pork was quite average, and not all that different flavor-wise from what you get at O'Boys with the exception being it was not fatty (yay!) Also, the majority of the sides were average, including the mac & cheese (which tasted boxed,) green beans, and lifeless cornbread. The only way to go here is to order ahead of time and get it to go (plan ahead though; we had to wait 45 minutes before we could pick it up.) I would most definitely not wait in line 45 minutes, but if there was no line and I was driving by, I would consider stopping in. My final verdict after finishing dinner from 4R: if you already have a favorite barbecue style, 4R likely won't change your barbecue allegiance. Otherwise, it's not a bad meal.
This is probably the best BBQ in Florida. I take out-of-towners here who want to experience good, local, relatively inexpensive food. As far as meats go, I only eat poultry, so my go-to menu item is the pulled chicken sandwich. It's so big that I usually take half home with me and eat it later...I don't know what's better, the original sandwich or the happiness of a 4 Rivers late-night snack. And, with the sides, the sweet potato casserole tastes like candy, and the fried okra was new for me but definitely delicious. My boyfriend raves about the fried pickles but I have yet to try one.
I'm a southern gal. Well... I'm not from the south but my parents are and I grew up with southern food. My husband and I were visiting the Orlando area and we were staying in Altamonte, FL. I did a quick Yelp to canvas the area so we can find a place for dinner. I chose this restaurant based on the reviews... and the menu! We don't have a lot of southern cuisine in DC Metro area. There is Famous Dave's but 4 Rivers Smokehouse is in a league of its own. We got there at 6:00pm on a Friday, just before the line got long (as we were leaving, it was out the door and around the corner). We had the following: Pulled chicken sandwich - yummy Texas Destroyer - yummy but not spicy BBQ beans - soooo good! Fried okra - yum Sweet potato casserole - my fav (like my grandma's) Then to top it off, they have this awesome dessert section. I'm addicted to cupcakes! I got the carrot cake one. It was fab. You make your order Chipotle style and seat yourself. Good for groups. Overall, a great place to eat. They should really come to the DC Metro area!
I ate there for lunch today and I'm still salivating over it. I got the pulled pork sandwich, sweet potato casserole, and mac & cheese. All of it was just as good as I remember (I lived away from Orlando for a few years) if not better! And the new location is right on par. All the extra parking space is certainly getting put to good use with the insane amount of patrons piling in their for some good ole fashion BBQ. The big picnic tables inside are perfect for groups as well as the lone foodie who doesn't exactly enjoy eating alone. And can I get an "amen" for the outdoor seating with a roof - keeping the office worker feeling like he/she was able to escape the grip of four walls for an hour while not having to be scorched by the Florida sun?!  For so many of the reasons above, on top of my insatiable desire to try everything on the menu, I'll be back again and again.
Has far as BBQ'D goes this by far kicks places in Orlando in the rear. Great food, priced great and the girlfriend got mad me for not taking her there to eat. Priceless....
I have eaten at 4 Rivers twice, and both times the food was disappointing. I have heard nothing but good things about their food, so I was surprised that it tasted so bad. Smells good- tastes bad.
Best BBQ in the Orlando area, pure and simple. Lines are usually long for a reason - it's awesomesauce. Tip: be smart and avoid the lunch/dinner rush. Amazing pulled pork, brisket, and ribs. Also, great mac & cheese and other sides (only downside to me is no mashed potatoes). On top of that, I love the selection of root beer and other craft sodas. And if you have space left (how could you?) then they have some great desserts to boot! The eating is done outside in their patio - a bit of limited seating but it usually works out. You won't be disappointed with giving them a try.
This is the BEST BBQ in Orlando!!  When you go, be prepared to wait for at least 20 minutes.  The wait is completely worth it though, and they sometimes hand out samples to people waiting in line.  The parking lot is small, but they allow parking in the church across the street.  Have tried a few different dishes, all were amazing.  The sides are hard to choose from since they are all good.  The bacon wrapped japalenos are my favorite though.  Tried the fried Oreos last time and they were good too.  You can call in your order on the way, but havent tried it yet.  They are closed on Sundays though :(.  Im just glad I dont live closer, because I'd be there all the time.  My fieance went there the other day with work and I was jealous I didnt get to go, thats how good it is..lol.  I definately reccomend this place.
Best brisket I have EVER had.  It's so tender and has so much flavor to it with barely any fat!  This is the only meat I've had here because I just can't seem to make myself order anything but the brisket.  I've heard the smoked turkey is also really delicious, which I'm hoping to try one of these days. They have tons of sides to pick from, I always go with my staples....french fries and mac n cheese.  However I recently learned the mac n cheese is the only side not made fresh there.  I still love it though. There is also tons of old school drinks to choose from, where you have plenty of time to decide which one you might want while waiting in line to order your food.  I have never been here when there wasn't a line wrapped outside the building.  And if you're still hungry after your meal (which you get huge portions, I think) there's a bake shop inside where you can order cupcakes and cakes that look absolutely delicious!
Welcome to the south! 4 Rivers is perhaps my favorite barbecue restaurant in Florida. They have a nice selection of meats from pulled pork and roast beef to chicken and ribs...seriously sooo good. I've tried a number of their items but for some reason I usually get the Texas Destroyer (smoked brisket, topped wi/ onions, jalapenos and provolone cheese...infused with their signature 4R sauce). Add some sides and you got yourself a 'healthy' helping of orlando's best bbq...and talk about them sides. Collard greens, baked cheese grits, smokehouse corn, and fried okra...holy sweet jesus... I forgot that they had good desserts...this place has it all! So the food is worth it for anyone to visit this place at least once if your in the Orlando area. Here's the dagger though...good luck with parking. Their private lot only caters about 12 cars. On a busy weekend you'll have to park across the street or wait it out. WHEN you find parking you'll have to wait just as long to order....the line can extend to the streets so be warned umbrellas and water will help you stay cool in the sun and rain (keep your eye/stomach on the prize). So you ordered and gotten your food (they're pretty quick), now have fun trying to get a good seat. If your with a large group? then I suggest splitting up and either order or hold seats. Ok....after all that patient anticipation your read to scarf all that down. It will be glorious!
I have never actually eaten at Four Rivers. I always phone my order in and pick it up, because no matter what day or time, the line is out the door. I completely understand though. Best BBQ in Orlando hands down. My personal favorite - chicken dinner with Mac and Cheese. The Mac and Cheese is so good that songs and sonnets have been written about it. Do yourself a favor and go to 4 Rivers as soon as humanly possible.
The Brisket and beans are 5*s.  The Ribs I feel are only 3*s.  Good food.  Try it out, you won't regret it.
Really seems to be a good place. Had the chicken salad sandwich, okra, collard greens.  The sandwich was interesting.... and the two sides were top notch.  Probably not the smartest choice for a main dish since they specialize in BBQ.  Its like going to Wendy's for sushi... who does that? I would suggest you get there no later than 11:40 for lunch otherwise you may be waiting a long time.
Quite possibly the best BBQ I have ever had. The ribs were amazing  the brisket was good too.  Also try the bread pudding.  This place will keep us coming back as frequently as possible.  Great job guys! Please Bring this is Jacksonville :)
this was my second visit. i was not too impressed by food at my first visit but since people talk great things about this place, i wanted to give it another try. my friend had Texas sausage with fried pickles, smoked jalapeños, BBQ beans. i want to give heads up for people that you may get sick if you are vulnerable to greasy, spicy food. my friend got severe stomachache right after eating there. i took him to ER and he was hospitalized for three days. so be careful if you are not tolerable to greasy, spicy food.
Simply the best BBQ in central Florida!  Everything from the meat, to the sides, to the dessert options makes this place a must go to for anyone visiting Orlando. I recommend the brisket followed by one of the cupcake creation milkshakes at the sweet shoppe. You'll be sleepy after this meal but it is well worth it!
Awesome so juicy and even though here is always a line . I wi always wait !!
Came here around 11:30-12ish and the line was already out the door! The wait altogether was about a good 5-10 minutes, so not too bad, but if you're impatient, this may be a bother to you. The food is good; I got the pulled pork sliders and the barbeque itself is delicious. However, I do have to make some critiques. There's only one type of sauce (from what I saw). I'm a mix-and-match type of girl so I was kind of sad I couldn't find a mild or hot sauce to add a bit of kick to my meal. The sauce is already added to the meat; I was okay with this but my boyfriend prefers to add the amount that he likes on it. I got the coleslaw and it was dry. I also got the collards and they were sweet; not my cup of tea, I prefer them more vinegar-y. I'm sure the dining hall has potential to be filled to capacity but me and my boyfriend were lucky to get a decent spot and not feel rushed to leave. Overall, it's a popular barbeque joint but it's nothing I would be running down the street proclaiming to the world for.
Pork sandwiches are delicious. Love the baked beans, fries, Mac and cheese. The desserts are amazing. Plenty of seating and appropriate for families or adults wanting to go out on a budget, but looking for good food and drink.
REALLY !!!!! what can I say that hasn't been said....burnt ends WOW !!!!! Brisket the best I ever had & I have eaten all over the country & been to the big fairs!!!!! This is the real deal..oh & try the baked cheese grits..what the hell ,,,eat it all...you will have a big sloppy smile..the good kind...HAPPY EATS
BEST BRISKET this side of Franklin's in Austin, TX.  Couldn't believe it when a work associate from the area said this was the best BBQ in the world.  Of course that title belongs to Aaron Franklin and nothing changed that in my mind after eating lunch here at 4 Rivers.  But dare I say the brisket was as good as Franklin's?  It was incredible.  Moist, tender and just the right amount of smoke.  Wow, what's this place doing in Winter Park, FL?   The menu is much larger than the top BBQ places in Texas with lots of  choices of meats and sides.  A little overwhelming really. I tried the brisket and the burnt ends.  Was not impressed with the Burnt End sandwich which is a combination of chopped brisket and chopped pork.  Flavor was okay but too much sauce mixed in.   The brisket is it.  Go for the sliced brisket from the moist end.  No sauce!  Please!  Had the green beans and the smoked bacon wrapped jalapeños for my sides.  The green beans were okay and the jalapeños were great. This will be my go to place whenever I return to this area.  Highly recommend if you love good brisket.
I grabbed dinner here with my friend and her grandparents after they had received the flyer in the mail, and boy were we in for a treat! The meat was excellent, there were a bunch of interesting sides, and the deserts were delicious (and huge servings!). We were there for 'early bird' dinner and were able to grab a parking spot and picnic table, but as we were eating more and more people showed up so parking could definitely be a problem, as well as the small space inside. My friend and I ended up splitting a meal in order to have some pecan pie and it was the perfect amount of food. I would definitely come back here, it was the perfect place from some bbq on a spring/summer evening. Just wish there was one near DC!
Very nice place, the food is spiced
The best Florida BBQ hands down.  So worth the price!  The food is always delicious and the only time I got a rack of ribs that didn't look superb, they brought me out another rack without me saying anything. I highly suggest you add an extra meat and grab some pulled pork or sausage to take home. Lastly, the desserts are amazing, I really doubted that a coke or 7up flavored cupcake would be good, but it was AMAZING!
Why am I writing this review when so many others have chimed in before me with words that are more eloquent and better composed than mine? What do I have to offer that these wizards have not already shared. Nothing. Everything you're heard about 4Rivers is true. The wait is long, the parking scarce, and the food to die for. I want to graze through their side offerings, savor their meats, and devour the desserts until a forklift is required to roll me away. Winter Park had a real gem here. Something worth building parks, monuments, and more parking for.
I heard the BBQ was out-of-this-world for Florida and it was good.  Seating is extremely limited.  Plan on waiting a while if you bring the family.
I've only been here once but I can say its a very unique bbq joint. But what actually sets it aside is not its bbq. Their bbq is very good but there gets a point in which you really can't have any better bbq. But where 4rivers really shines is in their sides. I feel the need to go back just so I can try absolutely all of them.
This place is awesome.   The setting is not much.  You buy your BBQ at a counter, pick up the food, walk to the open, covered patio area and eat the yummy BBQ.  We had ribs, pulled pork, burnt ends, etc.  They were all excellent.  M whole family loved it.   I think that this is one of the best meals in my whole Florida trip.  If I am in Orlando again, I will definitely come back. My kids love the ice-cream there.
4 Rivers has recently became one of my favorite restaurants. I'm so glad they moved to a bigger location.
Delicious pulled pork BBQ sandwiches. The sides are just as delicious as the main course. Only downside is this place gets packed so quickly.
HOLY BBQ. This is by far the best BBQ place I've ever been to. I'm not a huge fan of waiting outside in the sun to even order, but I did hear they bought a new building and are moving. We actually ended up driving by it and I think the waiting outside problem will go away. Well anyways. Everything on the menu looked absolutely delicious. It literally took me the entire amount of time I was standing in line to figure out what I wanted. I finally decided to play it safe and just order 1/4 chicken, mac & cheese and cornbread. (I'm not a huge pulled pork fan....I'm from Ohio for God's sake...BBQ means a completely different thing up there.) I love that you eat outside. I'm a big outside person as it is, and this just added to the homey, country feel of the whole thing. The food was absolutely amazing. The chicken wasn't greasy, the mac and cheese wasn't overdone and didn't taste processed, oh and the cornbread had jalapeno's in it!! YUMMM.  We also ordered a side of the jalapeno poppers- Get this: a jalapeno carved out, filled with cream cheese, wrapped in bacon and cooked. Really, really tasty, and not at all spicy (to me anyways.) Now lets talk about the sauce. I truly am not a fan of BBQ sauce...especially the cheap bottled kind at Publix, but this sauce is something else entirely. It's smokey and has that BBQ flavor, but it's got a kick that isn't spicy per-say...it's really just tasty and there's big flakes of black pepper in it...ahh yum. Also, there are 2 varieties (I'm assuming a regular and hot) I tried them both, and really couldn't tell the difference but that's just me. I was probably just too absorbed in the awesomeness of this place And,  they have Arnold Palmer's...done & done. I can't wait to try the other 2 locations.
Could eat here every meal, everyday. I won't because I'd die, but I sure wish I could. Amazing food. Pulled pork out of this world. Also, the BBQ beans are unrivaled. Yumm!
I'm sorry but I'm not sure I believe all this hype around 4 Rivers. (Please don't hate me.) FINALLY went here with Brian K. a few weeks ago and honestly it didn't live up to the expectation I had in my head. I'm not saying it was bad AT ALL but it wasn't as amazing as I think everyone claims it is. I had the pulled chicken sandwich, mac n cheese, and the Texas cornbread. I thought the pulled chicken was really great actually but the bun is definitely not needed. It didn't add anything to the meal except some empty calories. I was disappointed with the mac n cheese which makes me so sad. I LOVE mac n cheese and I have been so excited to try it but it just wasn't doing it for me. It was almost cold and didn't have any flavor. Hated the Texas cornbread but maybe I'm just not used to that style of cornbread? Not sure. Maybe I didn't try the "right" stuff and I'm not saying I wouldn't come here again, (because I would) but at least next time my expectations will be more level with what they actually serve.
First of, be ready to wait. We were in line for roughly 1 hour. UGH. I got the 1/2 rack of ribs, my hubby got the pulled pork. We shared sides of BBQ beans, green beans, and  fries. The highlights, to both of us, were the sides. The meat was actually dry and had to be doused in sauce. The flavor of the sauce was great! I just had the leftover ribs for lunch and they definitely were better today, as they had been sitting in a bunch of the sauce overnight. All in all, it was good, not great. The highlights were the sides, and not the meats. That's kinda sad in my opinion when you're at a BBQ place, but it is what it is. I would've preferred to give 3 & 1/2 stars instead of only 3, btw.
I have eaten at all the local BBQ restaurants in this area. I've even been known to eat at the roadside smokers selling BBQ sandwiches on the corner. This place tops them all. The line is always long, but don't get discouraged. There is a reason the line is so long, and that is because this place has, hands down, THE BEST brisket I have ever eaten. I don't even really live all that close to this place, but I make the special trip over just for their brisket! I love everything I have tried here, though. I love their fried pickles which are, in my opinion, the best in the city. I swear they are pickling their own cucumbers because the pickles used seem hand-sliced and possess a fresh taste not found in the thin sliced dills from a jar. The sweet potato casserole is unbelievably good. Even my friend loves it, and she hates sweet potatoes on their own. If you can get it when it's the right season, their pecan pie is out of this WORLD! About 21/2" thick and melts in your mouth. YUM! My kids are huge fans of the Sweet Shop located inside. They can't get enough of the uniquely flavored cupcakes (Grape Ne-Hi, Nerds, Cheerwine). OH and that reminds me, CHEERWINE is one of their fountain drinks. Yay! Their service is second to none. Not to make this an extremely long review, but to give you an idea of the level of service: I took my son there for lunch after he had his braces put on. Not thinking too clearly, I bought him his usual meal of chicken leg, fried pickles and french fries. Of course he could eat nothing on his tray except for the chicken, duh. Your teeth hurt after braces and the crispy foods are an impossibility for a day or so. One of the servers clearing tables noticed him having trouble and came to our table. Once she realized the problem, she brought out things he could eat like ice cream, green beans and another chicken leg. I was floored! So nice and sweet and unexpected. You know we all get so used to poor service that when someone provides you with not just good service but over the top "I can't believe it" service, you take notice. I was a fan of the food already, but the service in my mind is second to none thanks to that one experience. I'm obviously a big fan of this place. I recommend it to everyone I know, and now I am recommending it to all the Yelpers I don't know. Try it!
.., after a long road trip from California to Orlando Florida, my cousin's girlfriend (an Orlando local) highly recommended that we ate here before I returned home. Man I'm glad she did! Came here around noon and naturally the place was packed. Not insanely bonkers but they fill all their seats in nicely with their loyal patrons. The assembly style line flowed smoothly and didn't have to wait too long. I went with the pulled pork dinner. I highly recommend that dish! I need to dig back in my photos to try to summon more details for you guys of my meal but I was in BBQ heaven. They serve it to you on a plastic tray lined with butcher paper and just plop on your food. The coleslaw was delicious, mac & cheese, and my jalapeno poppers were excellent. I'll definitely be back when I'm in the Sunshine State.
Yum yum yum yum yum! This is THE place to go for barbecue and southern goodness in Orlando. I've been several times and will undoubtedly be going here on many more occasions. I usually get a dinner plate (lunch tray). So, I get a meat with sides. I get the beef brisket and some combination of a biscuit, cornbread, macaroni and cheese, BBQ beans, fries, or coleslaw. It's all good! I've been meaning to try out more of the deserts but the meat and the sides are so good and so much that I'm too full to get a chance. One day I'll try the desserts and make another review! The brisket is delicious! How else do I describe it?? Just really good! They give you a generous portion. The meat is the feature on your lunch tray. There's no plate. Your meat is served on a sheet of serving paper (sorry, don't know what it's called) on top of your lunch tray, with all the sides in individual styrofoam containers.  The sides are all spot on. So much yum on my lunch tray! If you don't go here, you're missing out!! The Disney-length line out the door says everything!
The smell is captivating and the fact that food is primarily sold by the pound tells you it's for real. The brisket is juicy smoky delicious and the collards, baked beans and slaw perfect complements. The sliced pork was a little dry and flavorless. But what a gem.
Four Rivers Smokehouse was pretty darn good! Despite the massive line out the door we only waited about twenty minutes in line.  I ordered the Southern Pulled Pork Sandwich with mac&cheese and the baked cheese grits.  My husband ordered the brisket sandwich kid's meal with mashed sweet potatoes and a peanut butter fluff dessert. Here were the cheers and jeers: CHEERS: 1. The pulled pork and brisket were awesome. 2. The mac&cheese was ooey-gooey. 3. Stole a bite of my husband's sweet potatoes.  Thanksgiving party in my mouth! 4. Awesome dessert selection. 5. Prices were fairly inexpensive. JEERS: 1. I liked the meat, but I didn't care for the BBQ sauce.  I tried both sauces at our table and thought they tasted watered down. 2. The baked cheese grits were innovative, but had a funky, chemical aftertaste.  Maybe I was tasting the processed cheese? 3. The mac&cheese was good, but resembled velveeta mac&cheese.  I would have loved a slightly more "adult cheese". I blame myself on my 3 star experience.  Had I ordered the "Sloppy Pig" sandwich I think this would have been a 4 or 5 star dining experience.  If I'm in the area again I would definitely stop by to try more of the menu.
Holy hell! There is a reason that when I moved back into town I saw so many 4 Rivers bumper stickers. There were so many that I thought the sticker was from a mega-church and I guess they were, the mega-church of delicious smoked goodness. The meat was fall off the bone, melt in your mouth delicious. The sides were plentiful, hearty and scrumptious. I really dug the rustic wood vibe and table seating although it was a bit of a tight fit considering the place was overflowing. I have to go back just to sample the in-house baked deserts!!!
Hands down best BBQ around! I get the sliders, good way to try everything out. Brisket is absolutely amazing. Everything is decently priced and the quantity of food you get is huge! Be prepared for a long wait, though. But worth it! Stood outside for 10 minutes in the rain today, along with others wrapped around the building - that really says something about the food you're about to get. Awesome staff, awesome concept!!
Hands down best BBQ. Period. Go here, don't bother with the other choices you are considering because it will not be as good.   Do yourself a favor and order ahead. It boggles my mind that this place has been open for as long as it has and people will still wait in that line. When they first opened and they had limited staff, my wife and I waited in line for almost 2 hours. That was the last time for me, every time after that, I order ahead and we're in and out in under 5 minutes.
This is a great place for real smoked 'cue. I had the angus brisket and it was as good as it can get. Very flavorful. It I'd prepped by the staff cutting the fat off before putting on the tray. Maximum value as all of the portion is edible.  My wife ordered the whole smoked chicken. It was huge. She ate some and there is enough left over for both of us to have another meal another night.   The BBQ beans side were quite good.  The slaw was ok and a bit dry and the potato salad was bland. Stay away from it. We had s red velvet oversized cupcake for dessert. It was pretty good.   This was our first time and it was well worth the 20 mile drive to get there.
The cheese grits were fabulous and I don't care for grits, best BBQ I've had in central fl,  pulled chicken was good, okra ok, pulled pork was good, brisket good, fries ok, beans were good, corn bread was good flavored with jalopeno,  the line sucked 40 minute wait at 3 pm on sat, the parking sucked - we had to park across the street behind the church, seating is outside at picnic tables shared with other patrons, I'm told it's like this all day.  Would I go back - yes but would opt to take out with husband waiting close by  with the car. No highchairs for kids
we came when we landed due to the wonderful reviews, and the line was horrendous on a saturday afternoon. it was 1/2 hour wait to just order. we skipped the line and opted for take out instead. we ordered st louis ribs - ok ribs, thought it would be juicier longhorn - really impressed with the tender juicy meat and awesome sauce mac & cheese - it's from a box! not impressed beans - really sweet from a can we waited forever for our sandwich (30 minutes) and were upset that the people who came after us already received the food and left. apparently they forgot about our order. the register person compensated us with banana pudding. banana pudding - flavors from a box! we would come back for the meat but not the sides!
If I could give this place 10 stars I would. The only downsides to this place are the long lines and the scarce seating and parking - but the food is so worth it and totally makes up for it. Ever since we moved to Orlando, everyone at my boyfriend's office insisted that he try Four Rivers. They warned him about the 45-minute average standing wait even in the middle of the day, but the first time we tried to go we didn't heed that warning and we showed up super hungry - make that cranky, on-the-verge of passing out hungry. We were appalled at the sight of the line snaking around the dirt lot in front of the place, and when the hostess handing out menus told us it would be 45 minutes (of course!), we said "Screw this!" and drove our cranky butts down the street to the nearest restaurant without a line. All next week we continued to hear Four Rivers' praises, so we pledged to go back for another try, with less ravenous but still hungry bellies. We made the 45-minute line and sipped on the free lemonade as we waited, memorizing the menu and hoping it would be worth the wait. We were a little surprised when we didn't receive plates but rather food-court style trays lined with wax paper, onto which the food was literally slopped here and there. We paid for our meals and scurried around the back to the picnic-style seating in the covered outdoor patio. As soon as we each took our first bite we looked at each other with wide eyes and nodded. It was AH-mazing!  The burnt ends, a mixture of brisket and pulled pork smothered in the namesake Four Rivers barbecue sauce, was so sweet and spicy and juicy and, well, perfect! The sides were all scrumptious as well - baked beans, cheese grits, and spicy corn with so much flavor and greasy goodness. We left the place feeling so satisfied and with no regrets about standing in that line. I think my boyfriend likened it to "an out of body experience" and I kinda have to agree. It was the best darn barbecue I've ever had! If it weren't such a ding to our diets we'd be there every weekend. It can seem a little pricey for BBQ, considering the bare-bones atmosphere, but we can't complain after experiencing the taste and quality.
The best Barbecue Beef Brisket I have ever had! And, I have had a lot. The meet is perfectly smoked. The sauce has a nice warmth, and the sides are fresh. Make sure you don't eat breakfast, so you'll have room for desert. The pecan pie is awesome, so awesome I have not been able to bring myself to try any of the other deserts. The only down side, if your not from around these parts or you have to wear a suit and tie, is that the only seating is outside. But please don't let that stop you. Great food Great Service!
I was first introduced to the marvelousness that is 4Rivers Smokehouse about 3 years ago when visiting their location on Fairbanks Avenue located in Winter Park, FL. This location became so incredibly busy that they actually had to move to a much larger location a little further down the street. As the demand for their succulent BBQ continued to grow, they proceeded to open their second and third locations in Winter Garden and Longwood, Florida. 4Rivers is currently rated the #1 BBQ establishment in Orlando and rightfully so. They offer some of the best BBQ this side of Texas! Their signature menu item, which also happens to be my go-to meaty entrée, is the 18-hour slow smoked beef brisket. You can't help but watch them slice this juicy masterpiece. Be careful not to drool. Other magnificent meats offered include their southern pulled pork, juicy Texas sausage, pulled chicken and smokehouse turkey. You can order any of these tasty options on a sandwich, in a quesadilla, or part of a dinner plate. One of the best values I have found is their set of 3 Smokehouse Sliders - just pick your meats and load them up with some of their mouth-watering sauces! BBQ isn't complete without some pretty rockin' sides and 4Rivers has it covered! Their mac-n-cheese is super creamy, the smokehouse corn is fantastically seasoned, their baked cheese grits are rich and smooth, the cornbread is moist and their biscuits are buttery. And make sure to order a side of their amazing Krispy Kreme bread pudding, you won't regret it. They've created some awesome signature sandwiches too. One is affectionately dubbed the Texas Destroyer. They pile their tender smoked brisket, onion rings, jalapenos and provolone cheese all onto a soft bun and then smother it with their signature 4R sauce. I've also had the pleasure of trying their fried pork cutlet sandwich which is topped with chipotle aioli! Admittedly, you can put chipotle aioli on anything and I will eat it but on this sandwich, it was just the icing on the cake. The pork, being the main event, was juicy and fried wonderfully and the aioli delivered an ideal amount of heat. In the mood for wings? Fear not - 4 Rivers offers perfectly smoked wings which can be ordered in either 6 or 10 increments. Add a side of their wonderful BBQ sauce and you can't go wrong. Oh, and you can't forget their St. Louis style ribs. These can be ordered in either full or half rack servings, sure to satisfy anyone's cravings. On one of my more recent trips I tried a bowl of their brisket chili. I was completely blown away before I was even done with my first bite! It starts with a layer of Fritos on the bottom that's topped with a huge serving of their out-of-this-world brisket chili and that is finished off with sour cream and shredded cheddar cheese. I would dare to say this is my favorite item on their entire menu. The combination of seasonings and huge tender chunks of their smoked brisket create pure perfection! 4Rivers not only prepares crazy good BBQ, they also create some of the best desserts Central Florida has to offer! Being blessed with the luxury of space, their Fairbanks and Longwood locations have a Sweet Shop attached where you can watch their pastry chefs create some pretty amazing confections. I've devoured so many of their treats I've lost count. Their chocolate covered cake balls are to die for and their cakes and cupcakes are moist and decadent. Love ice cream? Well you must try some of their amazingly creative flavors - the red velvet alone is worthy of a trip! Any of their spectacular creations would be a delicious end to any meal at 4Rivers. So don't wait, run to your nearest 4Rivers Smokehouse! Just look for the never-ending line, you can't miss it.
Great barbecue and great selection of prepared sandwiches. The value and quality are excellent. The casual style and focus on food is an excellent concept. The only reason this is not a 5 star review is because of some inconsistency in portion and quality of the entrees. Dining in, the portions are consistently smaller than the portions I receive to go. It is still the hands down place to go for barbecue in central FL.
The food here is incredible. We've tried everything on the menu and the only thing we wouldn't recommend is the corn. It was bland. The rest of the items are out-of-this world. I'm giving it a 5 star rating solely for the quality of the food. The parking is a nightmare and the dinners are a bit overpriced. Also, make sure you call in your orders ahead so you don't have to wait in a very long line while listening to country music. If you pre-order, you can bypass the line and go to a different window. I look forward to eating here more frequently.
Order catered lunch from there for 13 on Thursday.     We have ordered from this place many times before but I've never written a review.  Food is consistently excellent and always delivered hot and on time.   We usually get the same.  Smoked brisket, BBQ chicken for sandwich, baked beans, cole slaw.    Everybody in the office loves it!   Very reasonable prices too
4Rivers is truly great BBQ.  *caveat: my wife and i enjoy it so much it was catered to our wedding.   Highlights: - best sides at a BBQ restaurant - Santa Maria Tri-tip steak sandwich is unrivaled - pulled pork is excellent and a go to item -this place gets busy (good thing) Do not order french fries at a BBQ restaurant.  I'm not even sure why 4Rivers offers; their sides truly bring the full dining experience together and elevate their good bbq to great restaurant status.
Best Brisket in town worth the wait. Don't be scared by the line it will move fast. I haven't had a bad dish here it's all good. They will let you try the brisket while standing in line do it and then buy more! The sauce is great try it. Did I mention the brisket? Parking is hit or miss though be prepared to walk a little or wait.
Dear 4 Rivers, You are supreme! Your sweet potatoes are a dream. Your pulled pork makes my taste buds sing. You even fry up all the things! Pickles, okra, frenchy fries. Your yummy beans, my happy sighs. And then, behold!  There's baked goods, too?!? Oh, 4 Rivers I love you!
This is the best bbq in Florida hands down.i always get the sliders and another meat on the side. Their deep fried oreos are a must!!
This place is by far the best BBQ in Florida period , the staff is friendly . The price is fair , my favorite is the pulled chicken . Has a little kick to it the ribs , pulled pork , and brisque are to die for .
I live in Pennsylvania now, but as a former Orlando resident 4 Rivers was one of the things I missed the MOST about Orlando. I came for a visit last week and as soon as I landed we popped in for lunch. If I am honest I was a little bit disappointed.  The food is great, don't get me wrong, and the new building is much more spacious but I just feel like 4 Rivers lost its special charm.  It just seemed to me that everything was kind of cold, especially the smoked jalapenos ( a former favorite) they were soggy, not crisp bacon and you could tell had been sitting there a long time.  I almost miss the days where I had to wait an hour, at least then everything was a hot and fresh, I think in your growth you got better in quantity and lost some quality.
Not so sure why there is this big love affair with this place. I can only think that there is pent up demand for BBQ in Winter Park. I ordered the Texas Destroyer with a side of bake beans and fired pickles. The sandwich was luke warm, fried pickles were cold, but the beans were hot. I did think that the beans were really good, but a little too soupy. Wife got the pulled pork sandwich that she enjoyed. She also had the macaroni and cheese and corn. The corn was terrible. There is always a huge line to order. I would recommend calling ahead and placing a to-go order. There was no line at the To-go window. Parking is a little tough, but they have an agreement with the Electronic Skateboard shop next door and the church across the street to allow parking after 6pm. I would opt against parking at the church since you have to cross busy Fairbanks. My wife said she would come back, but I am not goning to go out of my way to come back.
Over rated, but good. I'm not much of a Texas BBQ kind of guy. Their pork is meh, but their brisket and sides are good. Worth the wait for brisket, but not much else.
Really dig this place and for my money a go-to spot for smoked bbq. Brisket was awesome and sides too. Slaw is great, baked beans are great, bread is great. It's a bit cramped as I'm sure anyone with a decent understanding of things would gather. Parking sucks, but there's not much you can do about that given the location.
I don't need to parrot the other reviews so I'll keep it short. This BBQ is as good as it gets. Get the brisket. Call in your order ahead of time so you aren't waiting in the line that stretches out the building and across the street. Now go enjoy some real BBQ!!!
I am from Austin Texas and my fathers family has been in the BBQ business for over 40, so I know what BBQ is supposed to taste like. 4RSmokehouse has the best Brisket by far than anyone else in Florida. Hands down they are the best. Rotisserie cooked meat isn't BBQ. Smoke it in a pit for 10 or more hours is the way to do it. I heard 4RS does their brisket for 18hrs. That meat was so tender and delicious. I have to get back there again really soon for some more smoked goodness. Thank You 4 Rivers for bringing a piece of Texas Heaven to Florida. Great meats, sides, desserts and more bottled sodas than you can imagine too. Remember all the sodas in a bottle from when you where a kid. They got em' here at 4 rivers. Need a Frosty Rootbeer and some 4 Rivers Brisket now. So delicious, tender and tasty... No sauce needed.  This place deserves a 10. Bryan from Volusia County
I have been to events in the past where the food was catered by 4Rivers Smokehouse which was always pretty good. This is the first time I have been to the actual restaurant.  A great example of efficiency.  You order your food and the line keeps moving.  I was really impressed.  I had their Longhorn sandwich.  It had smoked sausage, brisket, onion rings and cheese.  It was an absolute delight.  My two other guests were devouring their lunch like true meatatarians. I gave it four stars because I found the dining room unpleasantly loud.  The music, other conversations.  I did notice that there are no materials to absorb some sound.  This in my opinion, would make for a better dining experience.  I like to speak with my fellow diners, not SCREAM at them!!! There you have it 4Rivers,  food was dee-lish, dining room not so much.
I have been to every BBQ place in this city and beyond and this is by far the best it gets, hands down. You cannot go wrong with anything you choose. My favorite side is the bacon-wrapped jalapenos. mmm! The only negative side is the waiting for your food. I have waited up to an hour. The secret is calling in as a to-go, and you can choose to either eat there or actually take to go. :-)
The Best BBQ around.  Tremendous home cooked sides and Deserts to die for.  Yep, you'll have to stand in line for 30+ minutes and eat outside on a fan/mist cooled patio, but OH it is so worth it!!  I've been 5 times and I live in NC, but when in Central Florida 4 Rivers is always a STOP.  Enjoy!!
I was down in Orlando for a mini-vacation and wanted some good barbecue. This is probably one of the best barbecue places I've been to. I had the signature brisket sandwich. It was very delicious.  The meat was tender, and the sauce they put on it was great. The two sides I had were the baked cheese grits, and the corn. Both were great sides, especially the baked grits. I am not usually a fan of grits, but I saw it was baked with cheese, and boy, was it amazing! If you are in the Orlando/Winter Park area, I would definitely suggest this place.
Flat out, this is the best bbq in Central Florida, perhaps the Southeast. Get the brisket or the burnt ends for your entree.  Sweet potato and the bread pudding are the best side items. Props for being probably the only place in Orlando that has Cheerwine on tap. Park at Killarney Baptist Church to avoid the nightmare across the street.
I must say this is some of the best BBQ Ive ever had, and Ive had alot of BBQ. the only downside of my trip was it was the longest line Ive ever been in it was out the door down the ramp and to the neighbors yard lol how ever they did come out and give us a free sample of pulled chicken which was very tastey with a little bit of a kick. the only thing i got that i didn't care for was the potato salad it had pickles in it and i just didn't care for it my ribs and brisket were delish though ill deff be back next time i come to florida
The meats here are great. Tasty, moist, and tender. I had the brisket, pulled pork, sausage, cole slaw, corn, beans, cornbread, and fries. I loved the meats, but the side weren't that great. I liked the cole slaw but that's about it. The beans were way to sweet to be labeled "BBQ beans". It's more like a dessert than it is a side. The The corn isn't simply buttered corn. It's a mexican corn mix with spices and tomato. The cornbread is texas cornbread so there were jalapeno in the bread. The fries is simply deep fried with no seasoning or anything extra, opposite of what the other sides are. Overall it's a great experience, but the sides are not something I'm used to.
Best BBQ to hit Orlando yet!  Not the usual dry food from the other places I've encountered around that area.  Their service is friendly and they'll open their doors if you arrive early; love the extra effort.  Must get there before the line forms if you're rushed on time, but its definitely worth the wait.  Any company who thinks jalapenos, cream cheese, and bacon is a good combination has a good head on their shoulders. Definitely a good value for your money.  It's like a lunch line, just tell them "i'm a growing boy" and they'll hook yah up! Don't think there's a discount in the phrase though- Sorry
Great Fried Pickles!
Everyone goes nuts for this place. I've gone a handful of times and leave full and happy. I normally get the pulled pork, but on this visit my buddy Eric convinced me to get the Brisket. It was just pulled out of the oven, and he cut and put it on my sandwich. I got the banan bread pudding side, (awesome) and some green beans. The other 3 guys in my group got brisket as well, but diff sides. For the ladies, they have a really nice bakery for those who are into the cupcake scene. I would give it 4.5 starts if the lines were better. If you go at lunch time, it could take 15 mines of waiting in line to order. Also you have to sit on a park bench type seating mostly as its jammed in there.
One of my most favorite places to eat. Food kicks ass. My favorites are the pulled pork and the Texas Destroyer. Go during non rush times so you don't have to wait for forever.
Totally bummer visit tonight!!!  Ordered pickup, picked up at 8:00pm drove home, unpacked and BAM...they forgot an entire order.  What was worse, was it my son's food.  Tried to call them, and guess what???  They close at 8:00 and because they use an automated system you CAN'T reach the store....so left with no response and no food tonight!  :((  Hope they try and make this right in a big way.
Great food The line is crazy long My kid and I did takeout and sat outside Had the messy pig Burnt end Sweet potato casserole Smoked jalapeños...loved them Red velvet cake
The ribs literally fall off the bone....baked beans..killer. Burnt ends..awesome. Baked cheese grits...awesome. Bread pudding made from Krispy Kreme donuts?!!! Don't miss out on that! As for the parking...yes, it blows. But...with that said..go straight to the church across the street and don't even try to deal with the chaos. 4 rivers has an agreement with the church...don't be lazy..walk the extra 10 steps and save urself the aggravation.  The new location should be up and running by July or so. They also do takeout..if u don't want to wait in line...which usually exists..plan on that, btw. Sometimes...it's almost across that side street. But, worth it..IMO.
I had the beef brisket here and it was amazing! Meat smoked beautifully. Highly recommend eating here!
Oh let me dive into your rivers! When it comes to barbecue for lunch, there is absolutely NO COMPETITION in Orlando. The "burn't ends" never disappoints complimented by the bottomless glass of ice tea. If you have a sweet tooth, the decadent dessert bar is unparalleled. Do get there early for lunch as there will be a line out the door. If the line is already formed, don't hesitated to step up; the food is worth the wait. Plenty of seating is available and the line goes fast. Take a trip down the rivers to barbecue heaven...
Everything was fantastic!  And, it's far enough away from Disney to "get away"!   You can not go wrong at this place...
Burnt ends, jalapeños...
There's a reason the line is always out the door and around the building!
We were on our way to the old faithful BBQ spot in Orlando when the clerk at our hotel suggested that we try 4 rivers smokehouse. She said it will take us about 25 minutes to get there, but it would be well worth the drive. So we rolled out through the side streets of Orlando to find 4 rivers smokehouse. When we arrived, the parking lot was full with people circling the block looking for places to park. I said to myself that this place has to be good for all these people to be up in here. So after we circled the block and drove through the lot about 4 times, a spot opened up and we parked. When we walk in there was at least 30 people in a line that snaked back and forth from where you order your food to the front door. Before we knew it, we were at the front of the line ordering lunch. I got the smokehouse sliders with 2 sides. Slider number one was a combination of pulled pork and beef brisket called, "Burnt Ends." My second slider was straight beef brisket and my third was chopped chicken. All three were served up on slider rolls with 4 rivers BBQ sauce. For my sides I got baked beans and some Krispy Kreme bread pudding. Yes! I said, Krispy Kreme bread pudding. You could taste a Krispy Kreme donuts and every bite. But the kicker was that they added raisins to the Krispy Kreme bread pudding. We rolled out full and more than satisfied. We actually made a repeat appearance later that week before leaving Orlando. 4 rivers smokehouse is now one of my must hit restaurants when I come to Orlando. I was told that they were building a location near the University of Central Florida (UCF).  The UCF location will be closer to where we stay when in town. I can't wait till my next trip.
What's not to like?  Fast, friendly service.  Great food - the pulled chicken was amazing.  There was a line out the door when we arrived, but it moved very quickly.  The place is clean, the people are helpful.  So much food on my tray that I had to bring half of it home.  You should definitely try it out!
This is where you go for BBQ.  Amazing. Call in your order and it's a lot faster or go at an off time so the line isn't as long.
5 stars easy. Amazing food, great service and generous portions. They have the moistest meat and the variety of sides is fantastic: anything from fried pickles to bread pudding. I got the pulled pork sandwich and it was perfect. They also have an amazing baked goods section around the corner. The line was trivial compared to your experience afterward!
Our first time to 4Rivers will not be our last.  This is some of the best BBQ you will ever have.  The line is long no matter what time you go, but it moves fast and the wait is so worth it.  My wife got the six shooter and it had pork and brisket pilled high. I got the cuban, it was toasted with the ham and pork warmed and the cheese was melted just right.  They have so many choices for side dishes.  I got Mac & cheese and slaw which were both very good.  We found the service to be friendly and as quick as it could be considering it was cafeteria style ordering.  The amount of food you get for your money makes this place one of the best in all of the Orlando area. On top of that the food is nothing short of outstanding!
It's true what they say about the long lines. However, I followed the advice on yelp and called ahead to make a pick up order. Given that extremely long line that I saw when I arrived I assumed the food must be great if people were willing to stand outside in this heat for who knows how long. I ordered the turkey dinner plate which comes with three sides and a biscuit. I chose French fries, corn, and Mac & Cheese as my sides. I wanted to taste the Texas cornbread so I ordered one separately. The turkey was a little dry and I did not like the sauce it had. The turkey was honestly no better than Boston Market or Smokey Bones, which was definitely disappointing. The French fries were a little soggy but I love crinkle cut fries so it didn't bother me. The Mac & Cheese was good but tasted like boxed Mac & Cheese, certainly not homemade. I did not eat the last two sides, corn and cornbread (or the biscuit), because after taking a bite or two they each tasted strange and by strange I mean not good. I don't regret my decision to eat here but the food was mediocre. On the other hand, the ladies at the pick up station were extremely friendly and attentive.
Now this is what I call great Q! I finally had the pleasure to eat in the other day...I admit with the long lines I am usually a take out girl! My favorite is probably the beef brisket, followed by the pulled pork...I recently had the burnt ends Sammie a combo of both and was in heaven...bbq beans perfect, Mac and cheese yummy, corn is good, cheese grits too and live those biscuits. I like the dining area, it's large communal tables which I think is nice. The desserts were tempting but I never have room---one day I will hit that coconut cake. If you've not been you don't know what your missing---now expanded to jax and g'ville. Love this place for what they do with their charitable giving too...expand to Tx John show em how it's done
Überly delicious! I always get their pulled pork sandwich and they never disappoint. BBQ baked beans are a great side and the fire roasted corn is out of this world! Food is very fresh tasting and super filling. Customer service is outstanding. Always very kind and ready to assist you with whatever you need. Don't know what you want? Ask for a sample. The dining area is cool experience you don't find many places. You could easily find yourself making new friends on their long Texas style table benches. Amazing experience all around!
1. The best pulled pork I've ever tasted 2. The best Brisket I've ever tasted 3. Some of the best sausage I've ever had 4. The BEST Baked Beans on the planet 5. One of the best macaroni and cheeses I've had... The only thing I don't love is the biscuits. But who cares?! It's the best BBQ I've ever had by a mile
I'm a BBQ novice so take this review for exactly what it's worth. We went on a Monday afternoon for lunch and the line was outside, which is apparently normal for this place, once inside I had plenty of time to explore the menu which is on the wall above the line. I chose the Burnt Ends "stacker" which was not a stacker, it was meat in a hamburger bun. I chose the potato salad and friend pickles as my sides. The sandwich was tender and flavorful, the sauce I used at the table was a little on the thin side, a little too sweet but had a nice amount of heat to it. The sides were pretty good. The potato salad was a standout for sure. Cheerwine on fountain, which is a guilty pleasure (don't judge me) I can't say I would wait on line for more than 10-15 minutes as some Yelpers on here have. It wasn't bad food, but it wasn't great. It was decent.
This place is the BEST BBQ I have ever had, and I have had it all over. The wait is worth it....I had the Texas Destroyer Sandwich. (brisket w onion rings, jalepenos, provolone, and BBQ sauce) Smart move building the new larger location. I am sure it will be a continued success. Keep doing what you are doing!
What can I say that hasn't been said already! This is a must-go every time my family is in town, since they love it as much as I do. We usually get a bunch of items and eat off each other's tray, because it is too hard to choose just one item. We love the ribs, the prime rib (OMG! Better than any fancy steak house, and I am a prime rib guru), the burnt end, and the sliders. Basically, we love everything. The cornbread is one of my most favorite sides ever, and they don't just give you a little square- you get a brick! Same with the cheese grits. Be prepared to either stuff your face, or have leftovers for lunch the next day. The staff is always super friendly, and for as busy as this place gets, there is hardly ever a wait for a clean table. The line, which is usually out the door and around the building, moves pretty quick. Even my super-impatient family marvels at how quick and efficiently they are able to feed the masses. The only downside I can think of is parking... but isn't that just a testament to how good the food is?!
Wow! Pleasant surprise! We are from out of town & found this place on YELP. Thank goodness! It was so good! Had pulled pork dinner with Mac n cheese, fried pickles, & bacon-wrapped jalapeños with biscuits. Everything was amazeballs! Service was friendly! Friend had the spare ribs & absolutely loved them! Licked the plate good! Definitely would go back!!!
Best value for bbq in Orlando. Best prices for excellent food.
I can sum up my last visit in one word: Awkward! I stood in line for ten minutes and was finally able to see the prep team putting food together! I was so excited because I have only ordered Togo until now. That was when I realized one girl with a buzz cut had something wrong with her eye. Her right eye was so blood shot that it look like she was going to have blood running down her face any minute. I was worried it had just happened and she may need some help. When I brought it to her attention she plainly stated, "I know." As soon as I returned to my spot in line she turns and looks over to her coworker. They both smile at each other while laughing at me. The gesture was so unwarranted that I almost thought I had done something wrong. Maybe it's normal for them to have blood running out of their eyes. Either way I'm probably going to stick with my Togo orders. The service was poor and the restaurant was too full. The line resembled one you would find in an amusement park. We had no luck finding a seat in the dining room. My overall experience was pretty bad.
What a phenomenal disappointment.   I would not call Chicago the BBQ Mecca but we have some darn good BBQ joints and after reading all the great reviews about this place, hearing about the burnt ends, phenomenal sides, etc, I thought we were gonna be in for a treat.   We were all left feeling sorry for floridians that they thought this was good BBQ.   The sauce and therefore everything else was soooo overly sweet.   The pulled pork had no smoke flavor.  The fried pickles were huge chunks of grease.   Everything was just baaaad.
It was 2:00 P.M. on a Saturday and the line of patrons wrapped around inside the store and spilled outside onto the sidewalk.  Once we made it to ordering (a 45-min. wait), we found out the "restaurant" had been open for only six weeks.  To make a long wait short, this is a take-out joint at which you can order "for here" or "to go" (to-go orders took almost as long as for-here orders).  You go inside to order, receive and pay for your food, and then step outside and walk around back to sit at a large picnic table (my hubby appreciated that the tables accommodated his large stature).  The food is excellent, the best flavored bbq (smoked) I've had in Central FL so far.  The sides are delicious (except for the mac-and-cheese); the smoked jalapenos, smokehouse corn, and kolaches are a must try.  They also serve collard greens (a must for bbq joints).  The prices are extremely reasonable.  Parking is a pain in the a$$; you have to park in the neighborhood behind the establishment because the lot is full, and judging by the no-parking signs neighbors have posted along the streets, the restaurant is not all that welcomed.  If you decide to eat here, bring your patience and a coat (if it's chilly).
Ahhhh....the frustration of popular obsession versus ACTUALLY good food. Pros: Sides do not disappoint. If you are a "fixins" or dessert person, you will enjoy this place. Prices are fair, I'd say. Sell cool collector and vintage-type sodas. It adds to the atmosphere. The location has quadrupled in size. Cons: The line makes one cynical and expectation-filled. Thirty minutes from 11-330 on ANY given day is ridiculous. Every time I have eaten here, the supply and demand has made it so that the food is not hot...hell, it's not even slightly warm. The cafeteria line-style does not ensure you're getting freshly sliced food. Benches to share with strangers. Now, in a more sociable town maybe this idea could work, but here in transientville...not so much. Overall, I'd say 4 Rivers has become a kitschy, "in-the-know" Orlando obsession. If you tell people you've had better barbecue elsewhere, it is sacrelig. Meh, it's good, it's heavy, and I still don't get all the hubbub, but I DO understand wanting to try it out and see for yourself.
I have to start this off by saying that I am originally from Tennessee, so I am a dry rub rib person.  That being said, there isn't anything at 4Rivers that I haven't thoroughly enjoyed.  BBQ chicken quesadilla, pulled chicken sliders, ribs--all delish!!  This place is ALWAYS packed, so that has to tell you something!
Take out was fast & friendly.  Had 3 meats. Brisket, chicken, & pulled pork were all moist & tasty. BBQ beans were also great. Can't wait for next visit.
OK, let's get my biases out of the way first:  I think pork barbeque is a redundant term.  That being said, this is NOT a great barbeque joint!  However, to their credit, they don't claim to be - they're a smokehouse, and a darn good one at that!  If you think the meat they smoke in Texas is barbeque, then I guess that's ok, but you'll mislead people and set the wrong expectations.  I only gave them 4 stars because the pork is only passable, and the deserts were kind of dried out.  If I had been grading only on their brisket, it would've been 5 stars.  I intend to try their other beef and their sausage the next time; I wish they had a sampler platter (hint, hint). As is, this place transports you to the Texas hill country, and that's not a bad thing!
I couldn't believe the line that was outside on a Tuesday around noon, but there it was. Practically across their small parking lot. Still, I had heard from a bunch of people that it was worth the wait, so I waited. Once I made it inside, I was treated to a few samples of some of their sides, which were amazing. I especially like the fried pickles. They were happy to let new visitors sample all kinds of treats. I ordered a Messy Pig, which was really good, and spicy because of the peppers. We ate outside, but this Florida heat wont make it pleasant in the summer. I had a great meal, the prices were pretty modest, and the service was excellent. I'll be spreading the word about this place for sure!
I'm impressed not only with the excellent quality of the barbecue at Four Rivers, but at the wide variety of meats that they smoke here and the great choices of sides. It was my first visit today, and I wanted to sample as much of the menu as I could, so went for the 3 meat sliders (your choice of pulled pork, sliced pork, brisket or burnt ends). The pulled pork is mixed with their sauce, which is slightly sweet and spicy, and was very good. The brisket is smoked meat perfection, although the burnt ends, which is a combo of pork and brisket, was a little rich for my taste. Still, it tasted delicious. I got sides of barbecue beans and Brunswick stew, and these were both excellent. I sampled some of my husband's St. Louis ribs, and these are great...well worth many return trips. The menu here is amazing, with more choices than you get at your average barbecue place. I didn't save room for dessert, but they looked great...cakes, cupcakes, and 3 types of puddings. Seating is outdoors at picnic tables on their patio, and I liked this too...it's busy here, and you may meet some nice people sitting with them, and we did today. Truly wonderful barbecue in Orlando.
Another update. Four rivers now offers your choice of fatty or lean brisket (ok, they've offered this for a while now.) Finally, I can get a piece of brisket that falls apart in my mouth while coating it in fatty, unctuous goodness. Oh, and the rubes can get the lean brisket. Everybody wins!
B  E  S  T    BBQ place of my life.   Both Winter Park and the new Ocoee locations have that amazing 4Rivers long line (which is S O worth waiting in) to get the most succulent BBQ of your BBQ experience.  I felt like there should be a theme park wait sign when we first got there!  Sometimes they have a team member come around with a few samples to the folks in line.  :-)  After about 35 minutes in line my first time dining there, it started to rain, and when I saw that people were simply popping up their umbrellas and staying in line, I knew this had to be worth the wait!   So we waited 45 minutes at lunchtime on Saturday in Winter Park and about 20 minutes at early dinnertime in Ocoee.   The "Burnt End" is a totally delicious shredded pork/beef mixture and doesn't taste burnt at all, if you're worried about the name.   Smoked jalepenos are spectacular - I'm getting hungry right now thinking about them - and I really, really tried but I cannot duplicate them at home.   Fried oreos are delightful, but to share.  Eat them as soon as they come out, don't wait until the end of your meal.   They serve cake in astronomical proportions but I haven't tried any of that yet.   Cool ambiance - You can buy an old-timey sarsparilla in a glass bottle and you might share a huge wooden table with two of three other families.     *Highly recommend*
This place is fantastic! Definitely the best BBQ in Orlando, and possibly the best I have ever had anywhere. I'd like to know where all these people are getting better BBQ. I've eaten at some of the top rated BBQ joints in Georgia, North Carolina, and Arkansas...I would put 4R on par with any of them. The Texas Destroyer is mouth watering...just an amazing sandwich with smoky, flavorful brisket topped with jalapenos, fried onions, and cheese. The pulled pork is lean and delicious as well paired with either the sweet or spicy BBQ sauce choices. This is serious, real smoked flavor that I have not found in many BBQ places. The sides...loved the simple, creamy mac and cheese. The cheese grits-casserole was good, but a bit too heavy for me. I don't know where people are getting off calling this place "ok". It's definitely far above that, and the lines out the door only prove that this is not garden variety BBQ.
This is some great barbeque....and this is coming from an Italian Jersey girl who did not grow up with this.  Line to order was so long....which only means one thing....everyone wants this food.  Great selection of food and the prices cannot be beat.  The sandwiches come with 2 sides for around 7.99.  That is quite the bargain.  I had the prime rib sandwich and it was incredible.  Meat was rare and full of flavor. Also had a side of the burnt ends- incredible!  I had the coleslaw which was very fresh and quite delicious as well as the baked cheese grits-also very good.  But I tried my husband's corn that was a total surprise! I'm not sure what else was mixed in with it, but it was out of this world.  I was not a fan of the 4R sauce, but I wasn't surprised, because I generally don't like barbeque sauce.   There is also a sweet shop.  Lot of large cupcakes and cakes to choose from.  I tried the snickernoodle cupcake and it was just ok.  But the Banana Dream desert was to die for.  My husband had ordered it and brought it home with us, so I did not get to try it until we got home.  Otherwise, I would have definitely ordered one for myself.  Great atmosphere there, great staff, and phenomenal food.  Can't wait to go back to this place.
After a trip to four rivers.  I feel like I should take every other place I've written a review for down a star.  This BBQ is  OUT OF CONTROL GREAT! The pulled pork was standout good. But the shinning stars at 4 Rivers are: Chopped Brisket Brisket bacon wrapped jalapeno filled cream cheese poppers beans & Bread puddin This place will change your life forever.
With nearly 300 great reviews I won't bother to go into great length about how good this place is but will emphasize that my wife and I write a BBQ blog (follow us at barbecuedreams.blogspot.…) and that this one is destined for our top 10.  I travel all over the country and no matter your BBQ preference I doubt you can find fault with this restaurant and their beautiful menu.  There is definitely something you will love.  I loved the pork ribs, they were perfection but thought the pulled pork could come with less sauce mixed in.  I liked it anyway.  I don't love beef but really appreciated how well smoked and rubbed the brisket was and for those who truly love it, they will definitely love this one.  The burnt ends are too rich for me but I can see why everyone carries on about them.  The sides are great, we tried 5 of them and all were wonderful.  I can't wait to return and try even more.   This is a must stop on the BBQ trail y'all.
OMG, I'm in LOVE!  Yep. This Southern girl has been converted into another Four Rivers fanatic. What can I say? I grew up eating BBQ and this has to be the best in town. My mouth is watering for it now as I type this. We went to this location on a busy Friday night. The line of course was out the door. I wasn't sure if my girlfriend would want to wait. But we did. Probably about 30 minutes. And boy, is it worth the wait! I always get the brisket sandwich now. At most places, I get pulled pork or baby back ribs. But here, the brisket is where it's at! As for sides, hands down the baked grits are my new obsession. I soooo want the receipe for this! If you love grits, they're a must. Just plain amazing. On this last trip, I finally tried the Crispy Creme Bread Pudding. I grew up with my mama's bread pudding. Shhhhh.....don't tell her, but this is better! At the register, I grabbed a banana pudding to share. My girlfriend didn't grow up with it like I did. And we actually took most of it home. She loved it so much that a couple of days later, she posted a pic of herself eating it on Instagram! lol Would I go back again? Heck, yes! Can I go now??
This place is BOMB! I knew when I arrived it had to be amazing. It was 94 degrees, and there was a huge line out the door. People were waiting for 20 minutes just to get inside to order, at first I said "Hellll No!" but realized there had to be a reason why people were willing to wait and decided to tough it out. Best Decision of my life! The full slab of ribs were soo tender, the Angus Brisket was amazing as well! Its definitely one of the best bbq places I have ever been. But more importantly the price is more than reasonable. My GF and I was stuffed beyond belief at a mere $12 each. I haven't been to a bbq place that good at such a reasonable price. I wished I live in Orlando just so I can neglect my health and come here everday!
I'm sorry but I think this type of food is not for me, because I can't believe that a lot of people say that they like it. I tried their brisket, nothing out of this world; I tried their pork ribs, they had a good flavor but they were hard and chewy; the corn muffin... Corn muffin?! That's not a corn muffin, corn muffins are sweet and taste like corn; this one tasted seasoned and salty. As far as accommodations, parking is horrible, I can never go with my clean car because my tires get all white and I hate it! The line is too long, but of course it's long, the place is 300 square feet. This place is very pricey for  what you get. It is served in paper plates, along with plastic forks, and foam cups, not to mention it is self-service; on top of that you either have to 1) fight for a table, or 2) get friendly with someone so they share their table with you. I have given Four Rivers three opportunities, thinking that the first and second times were just me, but no, it wasn't. I'm happy for those of you who like it, but it's just not my favorite. Nah!
I honestly can't describe how amazing this place is!  The sauce the brisket the tea!!!! It's all amazing, there is a reason that there is a line out the door literally all the time, just doesn't get much better...
The bar has been set at 4Rivers for premium barbecue in Central Florida... maybe the entire Southeast! Brisket is unbelievable, and their sides and deserts are spot on. The original sauce ties it all together and makes it all worth the 30min+ you'll be standing in line at almost any point during the day.
As good as it gets for sure!  The brisket is to die for!!! You will not be disappointed.  The line moved quickly... we got there 40 minutes before closing and we still got our food, sat down and enjoyed a fabulous meal.  Had the sides of collard greens, awesome corn, and barbecued beans... all top shelf!  I WILL BE  BACK!!!
A MUST GO IF YOURE IN ORLANDO! I've been to 4 rivers several times and they have not disappointed. The best things I've tried are the messy pig, texas destroyed, Krispy Kreme or banana foster bread pudding, and the cheese grits. Really everything here is top notch and simple words can't do justice to how good it actually is :). Just remember, next time your in orlando, go to 4 rivers! :)
I was here on a food tour with Tantalizing Taste & Tours.  We had the '6-shooter' consisting of BBQ sauce, jalapenos, pickles, cole slaw, pork and cheese grits.  It was awesome!!
Addictive BBQ!!!
Another great meal. Prime Rib bone is a treat. Brisket is moist and has great flavor. Fries are perfect, and I don't know what they put in the corn, but I want the recipe! If you have the fried Oreos, eat them there while they're hot!
I'm not a big barbecue fan to begin with, so already I'm just not overall that impressed. The food is pretty good, but I wouldn't attribute this to being the "legal crack" that it is "cracked" up to be, so to speak. 4 Rivers catered our wedding rehearsal dinner and that was a great experience. The food was clearly a hit with all who attended. Is it bad that my favorite part of the meal were the cupcakes?
Ok...I'm fairly certain I'm going to get some sort of lashing for this one, but hey, I call it as I taste it. I have eaten here three times since they opened and yes, I returned the third time for obvious reasons. This last time was quite possibly the nail in the "best in Orlando', coffin. I can respect the fact that their meat is smoked and smoked well, but the saddest part is, they are considered the best in Orlando. I really would like to have something not basted...in the sauce. It's not that the sauce is bad, it's just that sometimes, naked is better or at least optional. I would like to taste the meat, that being said, I will look for feedback on Four Rivers visitors to enlighten me on what I may or should order other than the pulled pork or ribs. Thanks for any input and I will go back for another shot...I suppose I'm just looking for something to really call the best, I'm not convinced yet.
My visit left me wanting more, but not in a good way. I was expecting something closer to real Southern BBQ. Rather, what we ate felt like a chain. In fact, Sonny's has a more authentic feel than 4 Rivers.
Indeed, in a city of BBQ joints, this is the best. At most BBQ places I lik sliced pork, but the ticket here is either the "burnt ends", a mixture of beef and pork from the edges that is seared to perfection and mixed with BBQ sauce, or the brisket, which is best just as a lump on your tray rather than a sandwich. Most of the sides are less exciting than these two entrees, although the do have some tasty (and caloric) desserts.
Good food. Brisket is way too salty. But everything else is great.
Great barbecue and possibly the best I've ever had. Love this place. There is always a long line so get there quick!
Chipotle style serving, big tables, patio seating. Interesting deserts and unique sodas. Salty meat, runny sauce, and careless execution of BBQ. Kansas City's Oklahoma Joes has ruined BBQ for me. I won't be back.
Some of the best BBQ I've ever had. A friend brought me here, it was a little out of the way, but well worth it. Only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the line was very long, but that just shows how popular it is.
Clean joint. I cannot tell you how important it is. 4r smokehouse is extremely clean and even if their food wasn't a solid 4 stars I would return just to eat in such a clean and inviting place. It is obvious that they have taken just as much care and thought into the organization and cleanliness of the dining room as into the preparation of the food. We had the brisket (4 stars), ribs (4*) and pulled pork (4*).  The sides all delivered as well; slaw (5*),  corn,  beans, collard greens and mac and cheese all getting 3*.  The biscuit was a little tough,  but now we're just splitting hairs. After you are done eating in the self seating dining area, you can wash your hands at the sink next to the soda fountain. Absolutely brilliant.
O. M. G. This is the best BBQ I've had since Texas.  Upon arriving for lunch on Friday the line was out the door.  This is when you know the place is good.  We waited probably half an hour to order our food, but defintely worth it.  We got ribs and brisket.  The ribs fell right off the bone and were super tender.  The brisket was nice and fatty and just melts in your mouth.  We took leftovers home and I finished them in the next few hours.  Definitely coming back next time I'm in town!
Well if you haven't heard by now, Four Rivers Smokehouse is the place for delicious BBQ in Central Florida.  Located right here in Winter Park,  John Rivers is serving up the freshest and tastiest BBQ around.  The business is really set up and intended to be a call in and carry out type of a biz.  However, they do have a very small outdoor picnic area that is in the back of the building.  So if you can't wait to take your food home, you could eat it there.  During my first visit, I tried the brisket and pulled pork, and they were cooked perfectly.  The stuffed jalepenos wrapped in bacon were equally as good.  The menu at 4Rsmokehouse is surprisingly diverse and expansive for a BBQ joint.  So, there's plenty to try for my next visit.  Make sure that you get there early and have plenty of time to wait in line, as it is counter service, and this restaurant is very popular.  Whenever I pass by the restaurant, there is always a line wrapped around the building, and it was no different during my visit.  I wouldn't be surprised if we see a larger sitdown version of 4RSmokehouse sometime very soon.
Seriously THE BEST! 4R is the best BBQ EVER!!!!!! Everything is the most delicious thing you'll ever put in your mouth. I mean ALL of the entrees, sides, and DESSERTS are insanely delicious. There's always a wait, but who cares! This place is worth it!
This is the best place ever for barbeque food. Its our favorite for the Ribs and brisket always so tender fall off the bone delish. The corn bread is out of this world and the Sweet Potato casserole is a big hit. Try the cornbread salad really good. There is always a line because its that good but it goes pretty fast and believe me it is well worth it. OH and do not forget to try the dessert, OMG so so good. Everything is great.
Well I have to say that I really want to like this place but my two visits leave me desiring more. The pulled pork is decent tasting but fatty, and the Brisket sandwich was half fat! I couldn't believe it and what meat there was it was small chopped flakes of meat, very disappointing. To top it off the Cole slaw was of a minced variety and kind of bland. In addition to the long wait, 45 min, we paid for a bread pudding and it was left out of our food to go. Better Organization behind the counter and another cashier would speed up the queue time. Disappointed!
It really doesn't get better than this.... BBQ done right. thats all i can say. It got even better since they moved and they have indoor seating!!! Only downside.....their closed on Sundays!!! it makes me sad.
First BBQ experience in Orlando - really good! Burnt ends (mix of brisket and pulled pork), divine!  You have to try it if you come here. I liked the baked beans, and biscuit - wasn't too impressed with the sweet potatoes or coleslaw.  In Florida, this seems like the place to come, there was a big line outside to get in and we came late, like after 8:30pm or something.  I didn't try any of the sweets, though their little shop is very cute. The cakes and cupcakes looked over-sized to me, and I wasn't sure of the quality (i'm a super SNOB when it comes to cupcakes and don't buy them often). Good overall experience, but I have to say the best bbq i've ever had. Hands down. Is that place in San Diego called Phil's BBQ - wow, if you ever visit the area, look it up!
4 Rivers does not offer super innovative cuisine or a fine dining experience, but if you are looking for delicious BBQ, sides and desserts, then this is a great option. The constant lines that stretch out the door and the loyal armada of cars decked out in telltale 4 Rivers bumper magnets demonstrate that I am not the only person who has drunk the 4 Rivers Kool-Aid. My bro loves the brisket, I love the burnt ends, and hubs loves it all. There is a large number of sides, so it is likely that anyone can find a favorable side to accompany their meal. Hubs likes the smoked jalapenos, and I like the baked cheese grits. The baked beans are a little too sweet for me, and the fried okra was slimy. The mac-n-cheese is good but not remarkable. The sweet shop would make fast diabetics of us all if we had any room in our stomachs after the BBQ. I always leave this place with a busted gut, but that does not stop me from coming back for more! We always order extra so hubs can take leftovers to work the next day.
After hearing about how good the BBQ is, I finally got a chance to have lunch here while doing some shopping. And being the first time here, entering can be a bit confusing. There are two doors to enter. One for dining, and one for take out. As you enter the door for dining, there starts the line for service. The menu is posted behind the counter where a wait staff prepares your meal. The first person scribbles your order on a sheet of paper and places it on a tray. Then they hand it off to the next person who is responsible for making your sandwich and then slides it down for your sides. Two sides come with your sandwich. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with baked beans and macaroni and cheese. There are no plates here. Your sandwich/meat is plopped on the tray and passed on down the line. My two sides were served in plastic cups. I would have laughed if the lady serving the two sides would have scooped the beans and mac with cheese right onto the tray! It would not have bothered me any. I mean, it's BBQ. Not formal dining! With a medium drink, my lunch came up to over $10. The pulled pork sandwich was delicious! The baked beans packed a good flavor heavy in brown sugar, and the mac with cheese was good. There are several tables in the dining area, and there is outdoor dining as well. The afternoon I went in for lunch, basketball players from Mercer danced upon the televisions throughout the dining room as they upset Duke in the NCAA Mens Basketball Tournament. A good place to watch sports on a weekend out. There are salads available, as well as a children's menu. And the Sweet Shop offers several baked sweet treats for dessert. This place is usually busy, especially in the evening. So parking can be a problem. But if I get another chance to get out to 4Rivers, I will most likely go back.
OMG, this place is awesome.  I have been here at least 8 times.  The chicken is excellent.  You can taste the smoke flavor cooked in the chicken.  The fried corn and sweet potato mash is excellent as well.   This is a new spot for them and it's clean and the lines are long at lunch, so get there early.  The lines are long because the food is so darn good.  It's worth the wait.  Best to phone your order in if you are coming around lunch time or you will spend your lunch time in line...LOL!  The restrooms are clean and the staff is very friendly.  The place has even hired one Autistic person and he is very nice and friendly and helpful.  I consider that a plus because not many business hire them, but he handles himself in a way representative of what we should expect from anyone.
texas destroyer ITS ALL YOU NEED in your life!
This was some seriously good bbq folks! Team Vega (Orlando/NE Foodie Group) decided to share two orders of three bbg sliders for the three of us, baked beans, coleslaw, mac and cheese, sausage sides with a single order of bread pudding. The 6 sliders, sides , dessert and sweet tea was more than enough to assuage the bbq itch. Pulled pork, brisket, and burnt ends all very very good, but the brisket and burnt ends were the two standouts of the trio and the sausage, well hells bells, who doesn't like sausage, it was very tasty . The sauces were a little lacking as I have had better elsewhere. The bread pudding was a little disappointing, overly sweet, lacking texture with the consistency of thick mash potatoes. The flavor was ok but the bread had been allowed to soak why to long in my opinion, still many folks will enjoy it nonetheless. Overall, this is a very very good bbq experience, one I would repeat in the future without a moments thought for my waistline!
I only spent a total of 72 hours in the Orlando area, but this meal was a culinary highlight. Stop here on your way out of town and get the burnt ends. I had 3 sliders that were burn ends, chicken, and brisket - and really could have just had the burnt ends. Took my little banana bread pudding (what?!) to go with me on the plane, along with some amazing bourbon cookie brownie pie thing from the delicious little bakery. Good thing I left town - I could do some damage here...
Four Rivers receives Five stars each and every time. I personally have never before experience what I consider to be upscale BBQ, but Four River does it with perfection. I always order the salad because I am a no carb type of girl. The pulled pork is so flavorful that no dressing is even needed on the salad. I find this a definite plus! Good meat shouldn't need to be covered up by dressing!!! The only downside to ordering the salad is that it comes with none of Four Rivers decadent side dishes. Let's be real. When it comes to BBQ, you not only have to have lip smackin good meats, but you must deliver on the sides. Watch any BBQ competitions and the sides are what set the bar. Everything from their creamy macaroni and cheese to their delicious sweet potato cass, they are all good. I especially LOVE their bacon wrapped jalapenos, which I believe to be a unique addition as a side dish. I'm not much of a beans or coleslaw type of person, but all the folks I've ever eaten there with say those too are just as exquisite. Check out Four Rivers, it is definitely worth the wait!
Like meat? Well then you should come here. It's just amazing. Whatever you order. Whatever side. Who cares the s@#t is allllll good. Get a sweet tea live it up. Thank me with a gift card xoxo it's so good
One word: Brisket. I haven't tried all of the Bar B Q establishments in central Florida, but this could be the best. Thoughtful attention to the smoking process, excellent sides, and friendly staff. Hope they open more in North Orlando soon! May their tribe increase.
I took the worst 3 week vacation with family to Florida. Everything about Florida, especially Orlando sucked ass. I hate Florida so much. The only highlight of the trip was eating at Four Rivers Smokehouse.
There isn't a lot to say.. Some of the best BBQ I have ever had! If you are visiting Florida you have to eat there or you'll be sorry you didn't. The brisket is the best, pulled pork is a close second. What ever you get there you won't be disappointed AND they have Cheerwine: awesome. I recommend to anyone and everyone. You might wait in a line, but it's worth it..don't cry about it!
Oh my.  4 Rivers.  You can't say it without smiling.   Every time I drive by this place there's a line out the door.  That alone told me I needed to eat there.  Now.  Plus waiting in line gives you plenty of time to decide what you're gonna get.  Trust me, you want that time!!   As I got closer to the front I started to get giddy at the sights and smells of everything! I grabbed an all-natural Root Beer (for the record, I am not a soft drink fan...BOO HFCS!), and ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich.  I'm a huge cole slaw snob, so I put theirs to the test.  omigod...so good!  Sweet and crunchy and delicious!  My bf got the Six Shooter...I couldn't stop laughing at the sheer delight that this thing is!  Cheesy grits, brisket, cole slaw, pickles, and 2 other things I can't remember (hence the 6 shooter name). If the long line puts you off, then all I can suggest is get there earlier and give yourself time, because there's almost always a line!  Trust me it's totally worth it!
Omg!  Finally found the perfect BBQ joint! Felt like a movie star getting a parking place right in front, a good sign of a good night ahead!  Yes, the line was out the door.  There is limited room inside where you order, pick up and pay for your meal. What no one is telling you about the line is that you probably will wait only fifteen minutes, much shorter than we usually wait to be seated and for our food to arrive!  So you'll be seated with your food in 15-20 minutes.  My wife ordered the fried pork cutlet sandwich (is that a sin in a BBQ restaurant?) but it was delish!  She had collards and wonderful corn as her sides.  I ordered the ribs and sausage, being a sausage freak.  The best!  Ribs fell off of the bone.  Advertised as St. Louis ribs but much meatier than usual with a dry rub and sweet BBQ sauce that has my mouth watering even now!  I tried the jalapeño poppers as a side and liked that they were not breaded as usual but wrapped in bacon instead but there were only two scrawny ones and they were not as tasty as I expected.  The baked beans were the best I have ever tasted, sweet and meaty and served hot.  Could hardly wait to try the Krispy Kreme bread pudding         after all the hype, but not as tasty as I had expected either--perhaps because I had saved it for dessert (BTW, dessert as a side--kudos for that!).  But it was kinda cold and hard and I didn't taste the KK at all.  All outside dining covered and we had a really enjoyable conversation during dinner with our tablemates.  Try one of the retro soft drinks available inside.  My wife also got the carrot cake cupcake to go and  pronounced it a winner, but wished we had tried the fried Oreos instead.  Can 't wait to return to try the new location down the street with indoor dining when it opens.   Listen to regulars in line with you for their recommendations.  BBQ is always my first choice along with fried chicken, good Southern boy that I am, and Four Rivers was a highlight of my culinary life so far!
This place is awesome. Whenever my girlfriend has friends from out of town, we tell them to come to this place. The new location down the road from the smaller old location is a huge breath of fresh air. The line can still get a bit long especially during lunchtime so I would recommend calling way ahead for take-out. As for the food itself, I think moving to the new location has made it better. The portions and sides seem larger than before but the prices are still the same. I would recommend getting the burnt ends (LEGIT!) and the sides of corn, bread pudding and macaroni cheese. You will not be disappointed. Yes, the location is bigger and parking can become a hassle during the busy hours. Don't forget to visit the "Sweet Shop" located in the back of the place to get some awesome cupcakes and other small sweets.
It's always a good sign when you can't find parking and there is a line 12 deep....out of the door!  The brisket and pulled pork were fantastic.  This place is amazing and worth the short drive away from the typical tourist trap places.   Best Fried Pickles I've ever eaten!!
I've just moved to Winter Park but went long enough without barbecue and I needed my fix.  Hoping to find something as good as my home BBQ joint,  I saw many people had recommended Four Rivers.  So I stopped after work and got the Sliced Pork meal.  The meat was definitely some of the best I've ever had, maybe even better than when I do it myself at home.  The sauce was just what I was looking for, high on the vinegar, a little tomato, and a touch of heat.  IIRC there wasn't even a sweet sauce, just how it ought to be.  The tea was just right as well.  Coleslaw, the one thing many places screw up time and time again, was done right as well with a sweet mayo deal instead of a vinegar base.  The only thing less than stellar was the fried okra, but I think I was getting the bottom of the batch, I'll definitely ask for fresh next time or get that sweet potato deal I saw.  I intend to bring the whole family here once they make it up this way.
Really outstanding BBQ! The brisket is great. The burnt ends are good. They aren't stingy with the sides. Just try to finish your fries!  =]  The sauces are not by favorite, but I tend to be really picky about those so I won't fault them. I saw many people ordering the Cuban sandwich. I was curious but just couldn't get myself to order a Cuban at a BBQ place. I finally broke down and tried one. Whoa! Amazing! I'm not sure I'll be able to order anything else there now... The line can get long, but it usually moves along quickly. Just the same, I go a bit early or late to miss the rush.
OMG - I think this place just made me a regular. The food is amazing, its decently priced and it has a laid back friendly atmosphere. BBQ lovers be-warned however, there is no beer! No liquor at all for that matter... BUT you can bring your own :) Enjoy.
If you want BBQ then this is the place to go to in Orlando. Everything tastes delicious. Even their cakes ,o) Their BBQ sauces are so good. Everytime we come here, we always bring home a bottle of their sauce. I can definitely recommend this place. Parking is not great and there is always a long line, but it is worth the wait.
Everything pretty good but the brisket is hit or miss. Sometimes it's great, other times it's greasy and fatty. More often than not it's greasy and fatty. All the 4Rivers are playing music WAY TOO LOUD. I can hardly hear the service people and they can hardly hear me, plus it's just irritating. Everyone is talking very loud trying to talk over the music and now that fact makes the place  even more noisy, thus hard to talk with friends. I think he cranks it up to get a faster seat turnover. If not for the loud music, we'd be there more often.
They should know me by name. Took another friend for there first visit tonight. They were pleased. I am usually picky with restaurants and this is a favorite. Be prepared to wait and just so you know they don't have plates, your food is served on a tray, but boy it's good.  Worth a trip. Other locations are good too!
Im a fan.. but in all honesty im not sure the long line just to order your food, and then the standing around waiting for a seat is worth it. i cant complain about the food. it is good, but honestly.. in a city as big as orlando im very confident you could find food that is just as good without all the hassel.  Come on management, these are easy fixes.
To all of you with your peace, love, 4R bumper stickers, I say :P. What are you 5 star reviewers getting that I'm not? I came, I ate, I was overwhelmingly unimpressed. Depressingly, so. Burnt ends were shredded (wtf?) and saturated with unpleasant-tasting sauce.   Actually, each one of their sauces were just... disappointing. I enjoyed the BBQ beans, but the mac & cheese was runny and bland as shit. Don't offend my dear, sweet mother by claiming your sides are "Just Like Mom's!" Either way, ya'll aren't worth me fighting for parking, sweating my ass off in your ridiculous line and trying to hobble my handicapped ass into your joint (please tell me where the handicapped accessibility is, because I didn't see it, Yelpers).
The only reason why I can't give Four Rivers 5 stars is because the wait is ALWAYS insane. But I promise the food is worth waiting for. I've never had a bad meal here, and you get a ton of food for your money. I get the pulled pork sandwich, and between that and the two sides, I'm stuffed by the time I walk out the door. If you don't have room for dessert (I never do), be sure to take one of the cupcakes home from the Sweet Shop. You won't regret it.
Okay, let's get this straight right off the bat.  Orlando is a terrible bbq town.  If you have to have bbq in Orlando, this is the place to go.  Four Rivers gets high reviews.  Frankly, there is nothing better in Orlando, but it is far from the best bbq.  It's a solid "three", which, in Orlando, is as good as it gets.  Hey, what are your alternatives?  Sonny's?  Arghhh!  Bubaloo's?  Great atmosphere...terrible bbq.  Smokey Bones?  Spare me please.  Over the weekend I was in San Antonio.  My standard for good bbq is Rudy's, or if in Austin, Moe's.  I sat immersed in my Rudy's pound of brisket and asked myself the question, "Why is this SO MUCH BETTER?"  The answers are simple: Unbelievably tender.  Perfect smoked taste. Thin sliced.  Lean.  And, the absolute perfect sauce...the same every time I go to Rudy's.  I'm never ever disappointed.  I'm a brisket lover, but all the other meats are impeccable, too.  Four Rivers...average, which is the best you can get in Orlando.  If you have to have bbq in Orlando, this is the place you want to go.
WOOOWWWEEEE!!  Ok the only thing you really need to know about this place is - don't read any further... JUST GO!!!  Then, after you enjoy, read on =) I missed the dinner rush by heading in at 4:30 PM on a Monday evening.  Score! Only took me 15 total to get in line, order and out the door! It smelled amazing and was awesome just looking at all the meats, sides and desserts!!  The entire staff was so friendly and you could tell they just loved being there. SO GOOD! The best pulled pork I have ever had... Hands Down! Ok, went with the dinner portion of pulled pork with 3 sides and either a biscuit or cornbread.  I went with pulled pork (it's my thing) but the brisket looked phenom too, I will get that next time I go for sure. I went with the Mac N Cheese, Corn and Sweet Potatoes with pecans.  I have to say that the sides are not really as brilliant as the meat or desserts but still enjoyable.  My favorite was the corn hands down!  The sweet potatoes were on par as well but the Mac N Cheese was your typical Mac N Cheese, maybe I should give them my recipe =) When the gentleman went to give me my bread he had a biscuit (which looked SOOO GOOD!) and he looked up and said, I forgot to ask which bread, Cornbread or a biscuit and I told him whatever he thinks is the best.  He said, let's go with the cornbread.  I really wish he would have given me the biscuit because the cornbread, while awesome with the first bite, had a little bite right back.  Seemed like jalapenos may have been in there? I can't do heat like that so I stopped after 2 bites.   Ok, seriously you should NOT have room for desert because the main course is so good but YOU MUST try the desserts, WOWWEEE!!!  Good thing I got everything to go and went with the desserts.  I let some time in between (not much but some) before I dove into the desserts.  I went with the coconut cupcake and small chocolate mousse cake, both smaller versions of the HUGE cake slices you can get. Bother were PHENOM!!! It took me a while to finish each and it was actually part of my breakfast the next morning, I know... so healthy! Hands down, best BBQ around fo sho!!!
Best BBQ I have ever had in my life! Best service Best snicker doodle cupcake! Just beware, this place is busy, so make sure you have enough time to wait out the line.
My son took me here on a recent trip.  The line was a good sign and the food didn't disappoint.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was that the menu was configured in a way that if you want more than one meat, you either need someone to share with or a way to deal with leftovers.  I had neither on this visit, so settled for a sandwich that had the two meats I wanted but would have preferred a plate.
I submit this review with great trepidation: here's a place that has RABID FANS, with reviewers slathering superlatives all over this celebrity establishment.  The line-up of hungry diners is already the stuff of legends, allegedly causing a seismic shift in Orlando in dining hours (late lunch, early dinners...) all to better deal with 4R's lines!  I mean, we're talking 68% 5-stars and another 25% 4-stars.  So what do I do when my own experience (and taste) says that it's "only" a 3-stars.  Can one submit an anonymous review? I didn't plan it that way, but I drove down I-4 yesterday around 3 and thought, "HEY!  Isn't this the PERFECT time to try 4R?"  No clue where people park when it's regular meal hours, but when I went, the wait line was only right outside the door.  I did the brisket dinner plate + sausage, and a whole chicken, plus sides.  Took it home to the wife and kids, and fully expected them to come greet me, wolf-pack like, licking my mouth hoping for a regurgitated meal, not knowing that I'd been "faithful", having resisted dipping into the bag the excruciating 10-mile drive home. So maybe it was a little bit of over-hyped anticipation, maybe it was because it was not piping hot from the kitchen, but here's my verdict.  Both the brisket and the sausage were good, but not completely out of this world, and not all that smoky!  The chicken was more of a disappointment, as it lacked much of a taste (no evidence of the rub or any type of seasoning).  This is kind of strange, as even supermarket rotisserie chickens have a rich seasoned taste on the skin, but not on this chicken.  I also thought it was a trifle on the small side (2.5 lbs?), and again, not all that smoky!   Verdict on the sides: corn and beans - very interesting, unique tastes on both (4.5); mac n cheese - rich (my son liked it - 4.0); sweet potato thing-y - too gooey for me (3.0); corn bread (3.5)  Dessert ratings to come, and it didn't help with the stars that they over-charged me by about $4 (no detailed receipt - hard to say exactly how much) So to appease my Yelp friends, this is really a 3.5 star review (so don't unfriend me, Frank L., Colleen, Janene...)  I WILL give it another try some time soon. UPDATE on the chicken: I used the left-over to make a stir-fry with mushrooms, onions, and swiss chard tonight, and it was delish - smoky flavor came through MORE today!  Go figure.
Ok but not great.  Don't know why people like this place so much.  Portions are small, sauce is too sweet, and prices are too high.  Won't be going back.
Fine barbecue. Not necessarily worth the looooong wait, but pleasant, solid food. Nothing spectacular. And one critique--the sauce is very sweet. Very. Use sparingly.
The Easy Way ... 4Rivers: "Hello, you've reached the 4 Rivers in store pick up line, how may I help you?" Me: "Yes, I'm attending an event on Saturday along with three other couples and we want to eat your food.  So I'd like to place 4 orders that I will pick up at 5:15pm. I am paying for them all together but I'd like them itemized by order so I can tell each couple what they owe me. I'm calling two days ahead because one of the orders includes food that according to your menu requires advanced notice." 4Rivers:" No Problem, what do you need?" take it down and then say "We'll see you on Saturday - your order will be at the pick -up window at the side of our store. Have a nice day." We show up, pay for the food, get our itemized check, take the food and leave. The Difficult Way ... (abridged version ... because it's actually even more convoluted than this) 4Rivers: "Hello, 4 Rivers, how can I help you?" Me: "Yes, I think I actually spoke to you earlier in the week re: a special order. You left me a message saying I had to place it at least 48 hours in advance. I'm ready to do that now." 4Rivers: "Ok" Me: " This will be 4 separate orders but I'm paying for it all together. The first order is for 2 pounds of short ribs (the advance item), 1/2 pound of pulled pork, a pint of baked beans and a pint of corn" 4Rivers: "Oh, let me check if we'll have corn ... ok, we will ... ok what's the name and credit card for the order?" I give it to her and then remind her that I still have 3 more parts of the total order to place. In a rather flustered voice she begins to take down the second order ... Me: "The second order is for two turkey dinners all white meat if possible" 4Rivers: "Let me check ... what? (talking to someone else in the room)... oh, I'm sorry you can only place the short rib order in advance, the rest you'll have to call in on Saturday as an addition to that order." Me: "So instead of taking my complete order now, you want me to place part of it now and call you back on Saturday, have you track down my paperwork, and add the rest of it then?" 4Rivers: "Yes" "Well I can take the part of the first order that goes with the ribs now, but the other three must be added later" ME: "So you can take part of the order off the regular menu in advance but not the rest?" 4Rivers: "What? She's very confused" (again to someone else in the room - and for the record I wasn't confused I was incredulous, there's a difference) "I'm sorry you'll have to call catering (gives me the #) They can help you better" After a few more unsuccessful attempts at clarification  a manager gets on the phone - cutting to the chase - they wanted me off the "to-go" phone line. The manager takes my number calls me right back and finally takes my 4 orders ... whew, that was crazy but she has my complete order. No harm no foul - dodged that bullet ... right? WRONG!!! Show up on Saturday a few minutes ahead of schedule. Husband goes to the pick up window, gives them the name, pays and is told it will be a few minutes since we are early. They call our name and hand over a bag. "This is everything?" we ask  ... "Yes." she says. To the car we go, thankfully we unpack the bag into our coolers only to discover that the entire first "advanced" order items are in fact missing. Back to the window. "We didn't get our entire order" Paper shuffling, confusion ... "Finally, Oh, here it is - sorry about that, you have to pick this part of your order up at a different place. Go around behind the restaurant and you'll see a girl at a folding table - she'll have the rest of your order there" (Seriously? OK, whatever!) Girl rings that part of our order up - we pay for it, go around to the table outside in the back of the restaurant to collect it. Back to the car. Where's the itemized bill? There is none anywhere. "Forget it we're going to be late now. Just grab a menu and we'll figure it up ourselves" Back to the window ... "We're out of menus" !!!!! Actually rifle through garbage can - find menu. Jump in car head to event. Comes time to settle up - we add everything up and discover we were totally overcharged by $30! ***** As a customer, I want to hear  "How can I help you? No problem and Thank you for your business" That's all.  I don't care if you require your staff to write orders on separate sticky notes in crayon - not my concern. Take my order and do what you need to do behind the scenes to make it happen and to serve it to me when I show up. The sign says "Pick-Up Window". Is it that unreasonable to expect to pick up our food there? And if you must send your customers on a scavenger hunt just to collect their food - perhaps you could give them those directions ahead of time, so they can bring along a gps. Yes its tasty BBQ but no food is worth that kind of run around. And to top it off they've stopped making the Krispy Kreme bread pudding! Dudes, seriously you're killing me. Get an EASY button!
Really awesome food!!!! The shakes with cupcakes are amazing as well. It does get super crowded which can make seating difficult. The best BBQ in Orlando!
So I'm back again, this time with my son.  We got one order of sliders, Mac and cheese, bread pudding, fried pickles.  I asked for a sample of the potato salad, which was markedly better than last time.
The five-star reviews of Four Rivers are crazy to see. The amount of reviews (over 300 at this point) is shocking. How did 4R do this? (Yes, 4R is engrained into the minds of most Orlando folks by now - even my brain has been conquered. Was it the bumper sticker? It's a solid, memorable design. I see them almost as often as Apple stickers now.) I'm not a debbie downer, just check my other reviews and see! And their food is good, don't get me wrong. But I am just in awe of this entire thing. I don't think their food deserves capital letters or shouting. I think Orlando was truly missing a fun, modern BBQ place. You know, one of those places you see on the Food Network thousands of miles away from anything resembling Florida. A place that is edgy and creative. A place that uses chalkboards and sells Orangina. Everyone here is tired of shoddy places like Sonny's and all of our other choices for 'Q are always questionable. So when 4R arrived on the scene, they really shook the sky above us. And the fried pickles rained down. Standing in line looking at a five-layer coconut cake helped too. You get this cozy feeling when you are there and forget that you are actually being enveloped in a meaty plan. Everyone has been brainsauced. And those coconut flakes? They are going to tickle your soul. My main kudos to 4R is the fact that they did do everything right and created this BBQ palace. That is what is more impressive than the food.
Amazing
4 Rivers Smokehouse: A Victim of it's Own Success. I've been going to 4R since it very first opened in 2009, frequently at first but much less frequently now.  We've also have had it catered at my office fairly regularly.  This review focuses on the Winter Park location (old and new), which is the only one I've been to. When 4R first opened, it was great - just solid BBQ and good service.  Great sides and desserts too, including some of the best slaw I'd ever had, fried pickles and mac & cheese were my other favorites.  Probably the biggest knock food-wise in those days was the sauce was pretty generic, but I didn't care as the brisket and pork stood on their own and didn't need much, if any. Unfortunately, word got out fast, and that initial experience didn't last long.  Lines got long, which I can deal with, but quality started to suffer as well as they struggled to keep up.  BBQ went from consistently great to hit or miss.  My biggest complaint around that period was a few times I'd get an extremely salty serving of brisket or pork - I like salt but I'm talking way too salty, barely edible salty, but again it was hit or miss and they'd still occasionally have flashes of their former glory.  But as quality/consistency continued to decline and lines kept getting longer and longer, I eventually just stopped going, though again we'd get it catered at the office about once a quarter. Last weekend I finally got around to going to the new location, the first time since they moved so obviously it's been a long time since I'd been.  Their take-out had been lackluster of late, but I gave them the benefit of the doubt as that's never as fresh, and I wanted to see if they've got things straightened out at the new location.  Well - the line is still long, over 30 minutes.  While the old place had more of a small BBQ joint feel that just happened to always have a line, this new location almost feels like you're standing in line at Disney or something, the line is clearly expected and is part of the draw, and winds around outside and in.  The place is packed, and they really move people through that cafeteria style line. I finally got to the front and ordered, a half rack of St Louis Ribs, brisket, and 3 sides - mac & cheese, beans and fried pickles.   I noticed the guys behind the counter generously slathered both my ribs and brisket with sauce - funny that 4R's mediocre sauce has gone from something that's there but not really needed, to the star of the show - that's not a good sign!  The ribs were pretty mediocre - dry, and not all that flavorful, definitely nothing special, and definitely needing that sauce for flavor but more importantly moisture - I wondered how long ago they came off the smoker.  The brisket was passable, not bad at all, but not as good as it was in the old days.   As for the sides, the mac was passable but not great, the fried pickles were ok but a bit soggy and sloppy compared to the crisp fresh ones they used to serve.  The baked beans were not good - way too sweet and way too much syrupy filler.  Overall I'd give the meal about 3/5 - not bad, but definitely nothing special either, certainly not something you'd expect people to line up for.  Mediocre ribs slathered in sauce, brisket that was probably a 4/5 but still needed the sauce, and so so sides.  The desserts looked good, but I didn't have any as my tray was pretty loaded. None of this comes as a surprise.  It was pretty clear from the time I walked up (in fact, it's clear from driving by on Fairbanks) that 4R has transitioned to a volume business model.  I don't see how they could keep up with all this volume, and keep standards high ... if you go to the better BBQ places in TX, for example, they open and start serving BBQ, they cross items off the menu as they run out, then they close when it's all gone - that's right, they run out, and the best places are out by early afternoon.  That's not 4R's model, and I've never seen them run out of anything, they always have the full menu as far as I know.  How can you keep up with a continuous 150ft line and never run out of anything when your products need to smoke 8-12hrs or more, without taking shortcuts and sacrificing quality?  You can't.  The BBQ isn't as fresh and isn't as moist as it was - no problem, just slather it in 4R's bottled sauce like you would any other unspectacular BBQ. Sadly, 4R has become something of a tourist trap.  It's a marketing machine focused on volumes, not great BBQ.  John Rivers has been more focused on sitting at Palmanos pitching his aggressive expansion plans to potential investors than he has been overseeing quality at the existing locations, and it shows.  But I don't really blame him, as the lemmings continue to queue up, eat, then buy a bottle of the sauce and a bumper sticker on their way out.  Don't get me wrong, 4R is definitely worth trying ... Just don't expect great BBQ, 4R is no longer the place for that. Walt Dockery, uuD
Man oh man what a place. Just finished eating.....give me a minute..... I had the Messy pig with fried okra and smoked jalepenos on the side. My boyfriend had The Longhorn with fried okra and macaroni and cheese on the side. I don't see how he ate that thing. It was huge to me. I mean it had chopped brisket, onions rings, melted cheese, sausage and some more stuff on it. My messy pig was yummy! The pulled pork and coleslaw made this simply irresistible. You cant go wrong when you order this. As we pulled up the parking area was quite full but we managed to snag a spot. Thanks to the other Yelpers on here we decided to call in our order before we went up there. This was by far the smartest thing we could have done. Thanks Yelpers!  :o) We went to the Phone call-in pick up order line. The other line on the other hand grew an additional 25 people in less than 15 minutes! The outside was crowded with people sitting down to enjoy their meal. As a few people walked by I managed to look to see what else 4 Rivers had to offer. The ribs, brisket, chicken, well EVERYTHING they had looks awesome! The smell is even better. It didn't take long to get our food and leave. The desserts are MASSIVE! That is something i must try the next time I go here. I will take this great advice and pass it on to future people: CALL IN YOUR ORDER BEFORE YOU GO! IT WILL SAVE YOU ALOT OF TIME!  I noticed that some people complained about how long the line was. Even though they complained, they still stood in the line and waited (trust me guys, the food is that good). Everything was organized, clean, and efficient. Cant ask for much more (now if the food flew into my mouth automatically, they would be on to something)
After much procrastinating, I made my first trip to Four Rivers last night. Since I am not much of a BBQ person (I like it just fine, but don't think that I've had enough of it to be able to differentiate between what's excellent, pretty good, average and not good enough; also, despite what my obsession with The Crooked Spoon's hamburgers might tell you, I am not much of a meat-eater), I didn't know what to expect. All I knew prior to heading over was that the reviews here on Yelp were overwhelmingly excellent and that I was long overdue to check it out, especially since I live about 5 minutes away from the restaurant and have had plenty of chances over the past year or so to go. My initial impression upon arriving had a little bit of apprehension. There was a long line outside, which I somewhat was expecting (I've driven by many times and seen people waiting outside, but that was during lunchtime and the line appeared to be manageable; last night at around 8:15-8:30, when I was here, the line was pretty excessive). I also had to park a block away and in a residential neighborhood since there was no adjacent parking available. I began to wonder if stopping by here was worth the trouble. I decided to just take it in and remain in line, even though it was moving somewhat slowly and since it took me maybe upwards of 20 minutes to get inside and place my order. Since I am not much of a BBQ guy (see the first paragraph above), I opted for the smoked chicken quesadillas. I chose the cornbread and the smoked jalapeños as sides and also got an order of the fried Oreos. (How could I pass those up, really?) The two sides were included with the quesadillas and I believe that the Oreos were only $2 or $2.25, so the total came to less than $10, which was a good deal. I probably should've picked up some sodas here; there is a tremendous selection of soda along the far wall from the entrance and just prior to where customers place their orders. Some of these sodas I'd tried before, some of them I'd seen but not tried and some I'd never even heard of. Just about all of the ones I'd either not tried or heard of seemed to be awesome. I easily could've spent at least $5 more on soda here but decided not to. I surely will consider it next time. I don't know ... is it sane to come into this place just to buy bottled sodas? Haha. I probably will get a few funny looks if I stop by, get some of them and don't order food. Anyway, back to my review. I took the food home with me and really enjoyed it. The quesadillas weren't the best I've ever had and the cornbread was pretty good. I liked the jalapeños, too, but I think that they were wrapped in pork, which I wasn't expecting. (I don't like pork very much.) I ate 2 of the 3 peppers. The quesadillas came with a fairly spicy BBQ sauce - I like spicy stuff, so I enjoyed this. Perhaps my favorite part of the meal was the dessert. The fried Oreos were AWESOME. I've had them from other places (Big Bruno's Bites, The Treehouse Truck, etc.) around town and while those are great, I think that these Oreos from Four Rivers are the best I've had. Unlike the ones from the aforementioned places, the Four Rivers Oreos are not sprinkled with powdered sugar and instead are drizzled with a chocolate sauce. Yeah ... AWESOME. You get 3 Oreos for $2 or $2.25 (one of those prices is correct, I think) and they're worth the price. I'd even pay more for them ... probably. (Don't tell Four Rivers that.) Overall, I'd say that my first trip here was very enjoyable. I will be back here soon, at least for some of those sodas. There may be some other items on the menu that I'd like to try, but some (steak, brisket, ribs) I don't see myself ordering as I just don't enjoy stuff like that. I'm sure that it is pretty good, though. As I waited in line last night, one of my friends said to me on Facebook that he thought Four Rivers was terrible and overrated. I told him that I didn't see how that could be 100% true. I'd guess that at least several hundred (and maybe closer to one thousand?) people ate at the two locations during the business day yesterday - I told my friend that not all of them could be wrong or misguided. Is this the best BBQ in the world? In Orlando? I don't know, but I liked it a lot. Has my friend had better BBQ? Maybe, but I don't see how Four Rivers can be called terrible and/or overrated. This is a quality restaurant, it's great summertime food, adults can bring their children here and sit outside and the prices appear to be fair. That, to me, is a winning formula. I don't think there's anything that can be done about the wait time or the parking situation; that's not why I'm giving this a 4-star review and not a 5-star one. I just don't think I know enough about the best BBQ to accurately give Four Rivers 5 stars. Maybe I will one day, but not right now. I certainly can see why other reviewers would give it 5 stars, though.
BBQ that highlights all the regions. Brisket kills it, fried pickles top it, RIBS so good you get motivated to try and match it....
To begin with the summary - if I can eat here with little or no waiting, 4 stars. If there's a wait, 2 stars. My review is simply the mean, which makes sense as there were some things I liked, some things I didn't like. The pulled pork worked for me. I'm sure the BBQ geeks from North Carolina, Tennessee and Texas would probably not give it their stamp of approval, but come on people, it's BBQ. It's meat low and slow, and that's all there is to it - it ain't rocket science. Smoke it long enough, and it's going to be good - I don't care whether you're in Seattle, Key West, or Raleigh. Now, the point of differentiation for me is frequently the BBQ sauce - and more often than not I find that I'm not crazy about a place's sauce. To me, Four Rivers' sauce, like most, was way too artificially sweet. I like my sauce with more acidity and smoke. Corn bread was a huge disappointment - it was dry, very dry. Beyond that, it didn't have much taste; more like a supermarket mix than anything else. Collard greens scored an even par. I think my favorite part of the whole meal was the BBQ beans - right on point with all the acidity, spicing, and meaty flavor I could ever want from this classic side. Smoked jalapenos were pretty tasty as well. As for the mac n cheese, and bread pudding, I could have done without them. Former kinda gooey, the latter overly sweet and one-note. Prices and portions are outstanding, which I'm guessing is a substantial part of the appeal. Still, I would not wait in a long line to eat here. I wouldn't wait in a long line to eat anywhere. We arrived at lunchtime on a Sunday, and the line was out to the parking lot. We waited, figuring it would move quickly. It didn't....but we persevered, even though I was so not in the mood to wait close to an hour to eat. I'm not sure why the line doesn't move faster, since the people behind the counter are relatively quick...but it's very annoying. I'd gladly come back, but only if I drove by and saw no wait outside. Beyond that, you couldn't pay me to stand in that line again.
Hell yea! y first remark says it all. One of the best BBQ places I have ever eaten at. Period! Freshness and quality are top notch and service is really good to. lol Nuff said
4Rivers is by far the best BBQ in the Orlando area if not in Florida. I spent a year living in Texas sampling some of the best BBQ this country has to offer and this place holds its own against that. I was a frequent customer when they had only the one location on Fairbanks and they have now since moved to a nicer location down the road on Fairbanks and have opened a new one on 434. This new location was much needed as the other one did not have any parking or seating whatsoever and the place was constantly packed. The only downside to this amazing restaurant is that you will have to wait to eat there. I have never seen the line not be out the door during lunch hours, but the beef brisket and pork alone are worth the wait. I have tried just about every sandwich on the menu and can honestly say that if you are a BBQ fan you must go here! The messy pig and the burnt end sandwiches are my personal favorites but that could easily change week by week. The sides are better than average but not up to the level of the meats. They have your standard BBQ fare of baked beans, coleslaw, cheese grits, collards etc... The improved dining room at this location is extremely nice. Flat screen TVs at various spots around the room and  huge booths and tables to accommodate a party of almost any size. A little thing that I love about this place is the ice. It may seem trivial to some people but I love the little pellets of ice rather than the cubes that most places have (Sonic also has this wonderful kind of ice!). Every time I come back to visit FL I make a bee line for this restaurant! Give it a try, you will not be disappointed.
Great place. I am Olde and Feeble and was worried about having to walk or stand too much, so I called ahead. Worked great. The handicapped spot is 10 feet from the pick-up window, so I was able to wobble my ole butt up there to get my order without falling on anyone even once.   It was busy even at 11:30 on a Friday, but there was no line outside yet. FYI, the outside picnic tables are cooled by misting fans. I had to try the brisket plate, but I hedged by adding a dollop of pulled pork for $2 extra. Well played.   The brisket is excellent, very tender and flavorful, ribs are excellent, and the pulled pork is great. And I love the not-too-sweet signature sauce, with a mustardy nod to South Carolina. I had sides of jalapeno poppers, very tasty. (After all, they ARE wrapped in bacon.) Maybe just a little spicy for me, though I usually enjoy jalapenos. The corn was good. Sweet potatoes, good. But the bread pudding... the bread pudding is ... glorious. Like the top of a 3 hour old Cinnabon, mixed with creme brulee. The place runs like a Swiss watch, very smooth and efficient, and maybe that's what keeps everyone happy.
Long lines and a good smell can certainly distract the human eye from fairbanks to this sizzling location. Just recently moved to the new bigger location with more parking so that is definitely a plus. But not all good comes from making your business bigger to serve more customers at a time. Personally I think since the move 4R is not the same, nor does it have the same feeling. I liked the hometown feel myself with the line going on to Fairbanks Ave. Though everything is about the same I have not found myself going as often. The pork used to be something I would look forward to getting every time. But now I feel myself bored at times with the pulled pork sandwich. Anyway this is a must try place at least once if your in the area. The line will always be out the door, which has to tell you something!
I'm kind of embarrasses to write this review for two reasons. 1) because I ate myself stupid and 2)will be evident a little later. I went here with a friend who loves sides. We both agreed to get a meal that included 3 sides and obviously we'd pick diff sides and share thereby optimizing the side experience.  Both of our eyes nearly bugged out of our heads when we saw the huge ham hock just sitting and no doubt leaching each yumminess into the green beans. Collard greens, Mac and cheese, and sweet potato were among favorites. I got the burnt ends not too shabby Friend got something with chimichurri super yummy. I was already filled to the brim then a kid comes around with a tray of ice cream and against my better reason I take one-it was free!  In the end i spent a few hours trying to walk and digest the huge quantity of food that I had somehow consumed.  I was bloated and gassy the remainder of the nite (reason for embarrassment). I will return but this time a little wiser.
A M A Z I N G!!!! i have never experienced BBQ this good. I can not believe it took me this long to make it to this place. Probably has to do with all the let-downs i've had with BBQ places where i go in with high expectations but always fall short. This place has definitely captivate me and i don't think i want to try any other BBQ places, My search for excellent BBQ has finally been put to rest. YES IT IS THAT GOOOODD!!! Just go just go!! I loved everything here, the ribs the brisket, the baked bbq beans with burnt ends in them OMG!! We had a lot of side dishes and i can not think of anything that was short from sensational. The entire time during lunch i was literally in complete silence, just taking in and enjoying every single bite of those ribs, I was transported to a BBQ twilight zone LOL. All in all, everything was exceptional here, all food was truly excellent. Best i had in Orlando.  No complaints on the service or anything for that matter. I think i'm going to stick with them as long as they keep up the delicious food!
Burnt ends sandwich, fried pickles, cornbread salad and peanut butter fluff pudding were my choices today and all were delicious! This is the best BBQ I have tasted in Florida.
We were here from out of town and the hotel recommended this place even though it was almost 20 miles. We were staring at the menu while waiting in line and many of the patrons were so nice, offering us suggestions. By far, it was the brisket. We went with that and OMG, so amazing! Some of the best we have ever had. The sides were yummy as well. This place has amazing service (everyone smiled and very helpful), clean, and such mouthwatering food, we will be back!!
I have a confession to make. As a vegetarian for nearly 30 years, it pains me to admit that Four Rivers Smokehouse gave me thoughts impure. The aromas, the sights, the experience of getting dinner for my family at Four Rivers made me feel as if I had ventured into a house of ill repute. I did not belong there but everything about it seemed just so right at the moment! I did not stray, but my sons both told me that I brought home the best meal that they have had from a restaurant in a long, long time and even my wife admitted that she was tempted to stray from her mission of avoiding fattening foods! Son #1 ordered a pulled pork sandwich--a generous mound of tender shredded pig, accented with just the right amount of sauce. Served on a bun, it was a thing of beauty even to my herbivorous eyes. He proclaimed it wondrous, as did several of his friends who showed up just as he was beginning to eat it. Served with two sides, he ordered mac n' cheese and cheese grits, both of which were eaten and thoroughly enjoyed. Son #2 ordered a smoked half chicken with mac n' cheese and fries (because in his mind fries need to be ordered with every meal, everywhere). The smoked half chicken was a generous half chicken and I can only assume that whoever got the other half must have received the smaller "half"! Tender, succulent and full of flavor, the chicken was more than enough to feed him for two meals. The fries were offered in a wonderfully large portion as well, which allowed me to sample a few. They were excellent! (And they were cooked in canola oil so I was actually able to sample them!) Four Rivers Smokehouse offers an eclectic selection of bottled and canned sodas that added greatly to the ambiance. Four Rivers is also admittedly small and people who do not call ahead with their order should assume a 45 minute or longer wait at peak times. Was the wait worth it? Yes, I think so. Will I call ahead next time? Most definitely. Will there be a next time? Yes, very soon! Will I join in the carnivorous feast? Probably not, but I know that I will think about it!
a very small bbq shop, but filled with lotsss of hungry people waiting in line!  dont worry!  the line moves fast.  at first glance, it appeared that there was no seating area to sit. =(  but wait!  in the back is a patio area with lotssss of places to sit at.  scared of the winter COLD?  have no fear!  they have numerous amounts of giant blasted heating lamps all around!  refillable drink fountains, to- go boxes, condiments, and restrooms are all in the back. =) soOoo they have a variety of bbq dishes..sammiches...sides...they make as you order and slide along the counter.  kinda served like a school cafeteria. we ordered a little bit of everything to share among 4.  got most of the sides that looked the most appealing. the bbq sandwiches were DELISH!  i had the messy pig.  it was filled with bbq shredded pork, coleslaw, and jalapeno.  the sandwich was bursting in flavor!  all the bbq meat was GOOD.  tender, juicy, and full of flavor!  not satisfied?!  there are more bottles of bbq flavor on the table to choose from to add on.   the sides were all just okk...i really liked the corn but after a couple bites the flavor grew too strong and ijust got sick of it.  the mac and cheese tasted like kfc's, which is a good thing to me...fries were fries... recommended to try if you are ever in the orlando area.  its a little bit of a drive because of all the tourist traffic, but worth a try if you are lookin for good bbq food! =)
We have been here several times and have never had a bad meal. The food is great and the staff knows how to handle big crowds. The new location has parking which makes the experience that much more pleasurable. I am a fan of the burnt ends sandwich and my wife loves the brisket, the sides are great. I am happy to recommend Four Rivers.
Wow this place is over rated! I should have picked a different type of food to eat on this particular night. Trying not to sound like a snob or a goon here, but I'm a BBQ nut. I'm from Texas. Austin, Texas to be exact. The center of the Texas BBQ triangle. I've lived in Oklahoma, close enough to eat Kansas City BBQ. I've lived in Tennessee and Georgia which allowed me to eat Memphis and Carolina BBQ quite a lot. I'm not sure what I was expecting to find at 4Rivers, but what I did find was not good BBQ. Maybe it was good for Orlando, Florida. I don't know. It was rainy so there was no line. The people were nice and the atmosphere was something that I like; Picnic tables under a metal roof outdoors on a brick patio. Good for BBQ. But I didn't come here for the surroundings. I came here for the food that others were raving about. I didn't find it. I wasn't about to try the brisket as I know where to get good brisket and Florida is not it. I got the pulled pork. It was an awful mess of mushy pork and sweet sauce. It was put on my plate with an ice cream scooper I think. More like a sloppy joe than pulled pork BBQ. Maybe I should have ordered the brisket? See, where I come from in Texas and in many BBQ places I've eaten around the country, the meat stays away from the sauce until the customer decides to join the two. And in Texas that may not happen at all. There are plenty of people in Texas that believe good BBQ does not require sauce. Sometimes I am one of them. So to have sauce already mixed into my meat, possibly hours earlier, was not my idea of a good thing. Bubbalou's Bodacious Bar B Que down on Alafaya leaves the sauce off the meat. And you know what? It tastes great that way! It also allows me too choose which sauce I want and how much I use. And it's not wet with grease from sitting in a pan. I like to see my pork or brisket pulled or cut off the larger hunk of meat as I order. I've seen them do that type of cutting with their brisket but nothing else... Maybe they were trying to save time. Doing the cutting ahead and placing the piles of meat to be served from pans a la "cafeteria style" is not my thing. My go-to BBQ joints leave the meat whole and pull or slice it only when the customer orders it. Many places I've frequented leave the meat in the smoker until the order comes, pull it out, cut it or slice it, then put the remaining meat back in the smoker until the next order. Not here. It's plopped into a metal pan and piled high waiting to be scooped onto your plate. Yuck. The coleslaw was good but a little too runny. After draining some of the liquid and adding a little pepper, it was really good. Steak fries were old and crunchy but I don't hold that against them. They just should have made some fresher ones. Baked beans had nice flavor but had a syrup consistency and a little too sweet. And not near enough beans. It was mostly sauce. I do wish they served beer. Beer and BBQ are great together. So to sum up, I will not be coming back to this over-rated (but maybe good for Florida) BBQ joint again, even though everything else was fine (just not the food).
Scrumptious!! The ribs fall right off the bone... The brisket is too die for!!
For Orlando, this is good bbq. However, compared to other places I have been to outside of Orlando, I would say it is the middle of the pack. Don't get me wrong, it's good but not waiting in a 50 person line good.
You can tell by the lines out the door and the traffic jam in the parking lot that this place is going to be good. The staff is friendly but quick and efficient during the lunch rush, which by the way starts before 11am and lasts until after 1pm. You order at a counter which has sides on display as well as some awesome looking desserts. I was ordering for two to-go so I went with two of their most popular sandwiches:  pulled pork ($6.99) and beef brisket ($7.49). Each sandwich came with 2 sides. Since I'd never been here before I asked the girl behind the counter to just give me 4 of their best, most popular sides which ended up being: baked beans, corn salad, potato salad, and sweet potato casserole. I couldn't resist a slice of cake, Chocolate Awesomeness ($2.25), which I was told was made by a wholesale bakery in Sanford called Empress Sissi. empresssissi.com After suffering the lovely BBQ smell all the way home I dug into a huge, mouth watering good pulled pork sandwich. The accompanying sauce was tangy and had a slight kick. My favorite sides were the beans and the corn salad. The beans had a nice smoky flavor and the warm corn salad was the perfect accompaniment for the BBQ. I was less impressed by the potato salad which had too much vinegar. The sweet potato casserole wasn't sweet enough for my tastes. Next time I'd trade out those two sides for one of the many other options available. The cake was heavenly too. It was a huge cake layered alternatively with brownie, chocolate icing and chocolate cake. It was topped with more chocolate icing, shards of chocolate and white chocolate chips. It wasn't until later when I looked up the bakery that I learned it was wholesale. You'd never know it, the cakes are that good! I'd definitely try one of the other options next time! The only con about the place is that the lines are out of control. Even worse is the parking situation. There is a small awkward lot with people parking whilly nilly on the street, sidewalk or grass. Still, it is totally worth it for the best BBQ in town!! Ps- Fours Rivers is in no way related to Johnny Rivers BBQ!
The best BBQ I've ever had! Brisket sandwich is my favorite. I can't get enough of this place. Prices are great too.
You know they have good b b q but I dont get the reviews. The new place is the fabled old mistake of getting TOO big. It lost its charm
I finally got to try Four Rivers Smokehouse, yes I know I am late on this train, and as has been professed over and over again: Four Rivers is pretty damn good 'que! Located on a corner on Fairbanks Ave right before I-4 in Winter Park, Four Rivers is a brick house building with one thing on its mind: really good barbeque for the masses. They have only been open a few months and yet the line is almost always out the door and at times, wrapped around the street. The first thing you will notice is that parking is a bit limited, but there's additional parking across the street, and also "they're working on it". The ordering system is much like the "fast casual" style that have been proliferating throughout the nation a la Chipotle and Qdoba, etc. You order at the counter and they put the plates together as you walk to the register. It is a delight to see the gentleman at the counter slice your brisket right off as you order. I met up here on this evening with a few of my bros Kha and Ed who just got off of work as well. Kha ordered the brisket with a side of prime rib with baked cheesy grits and other sides. I ordered the beef brisket platter with added pulled pork and some fried pickles and collard greens and baked beans. Ed ordered a half rack of St Louis ribs and some pulled pork. All was delicious and you could tell they took great care in their food. We actually had left overs cause there was so much food. Is it worth the wait? Hell yes it is. (but you can order ahead and pick it up at the window if you don't feel like waiting hah). Indeed it is the best barbeque in Orlando thus far. for photos, check out my blog: tastychomps.blogspot.com…
Floridians have incredibly low standards when it comes to BBQ. The "burnt end" sandwich was practically ground up to baby food. The whole idea of burnt ends is to have the good carmelized burnt end of the brisket chopped up...not blended. The ribs had an articial smoky flavor...not good at all. BBQ sauce is generic..ala KC Masterpiece.
Great BBQ, especially the brisket, which is  tender and flavorful. Ribs are ok. Not bad, but not great, although they are pretty tender. Cheese grits were perfect. Greens ok, although the green beans tasted canned. Baked beans have  too much sugar. New location is much better than the old. Lots of parking. Called ahead for takeout with no lines.
I don't get it..  lotsa hype... long lines... difficult to find seating... flies everywhere everything was so DRY!?! Believe me, I really wanted to like this place.  I was so desperate to find good food and places that I could frequent in Orlando.  (We lived there for 1 year)  Four Rivers was not one of them.  We tried everything too, so it's not like we had 1 bite and gave up. chicken, brisket, burnt ends, cupcakes, brownie, peanut butter pie,...  idk what else... but we tried it all.  bleah :-(
wow Mega Good Brisket, it has a thick layer of crusty "bark" on it. also good were: the jalapenos stuffed with cheese and wrapped with bacon the biscuit the pulled pork couchon de lait sandwich the thing that was not good was the cheese grits, which was more like a piece of cornbread. but the brisket is the clear star of this place, it was tender and the crust was amazing. It's a real treat watching the parking drama in the small parking lot out back. Sit at the picnic tables under the heat lamps and enjoy the show. The bathroom here is really clean and nice. You will wait in line for a bit to order so call ahead if you like. I heard tell of a krispy kreme bread pudding desert but I was too full, Next time!
This was actually my second visit (the first I wasn't a Yelper yet). Today's choice, the Texas Destroyer! Piles of melt-in-your-mouth brisket, layered with provolone cheese, onion rings, and pickled jalapenos fell in chunks onto my tray as I tried conquering the unconquerable. This is not a sandwich you can eat mess free. That, paired with the block of savory cheese grits (unlike most cheese grits I've had, you can actually taste the cheese... oh, such naughty cheese), and fried pickles (my new undoing), and I had to be rolled out of there! I washed it down with a Coca-Cola, imported from Mexico (that's right kiddies, REAL sugar and not as carbonated, like I remember it). Just a word of warning, one may be enough for two! We found out the hard way, as they'd forgotten my wife's order altogether, so I split mine with her. Not to worry, they more than made up for it with a free banana pudding (Southern-ly scrumptious), and two, count them, TWO cups of bacon rolled stuffed jalapeno poppers!!! Did I fail to mention that we also walked home with the other Destroyer? Go, now, the twenty-five minute wait in the sun is more than worth it!
This place is like Devin Hester... ridiculous.  Everything from the BBQ to the sides to the line that snakes 50 feet out the door during lunchtime.  I ordered the Longhorn, which consists of diced Texas sausage, brisket, onion rings, relish, and melted provolone.  It was like a spicy, meat medley that melted in my mouth. All the sides I've had here have been good.  The baked beans has strings of pork in it.  The mac and cheese is creamy.  The jalapeno is stuffed with cream cheese and wrapped in bacon.  They offer complimentary hand-made ice cream, which is a nice touch when you're trying to awaken from your meat coma.  Unless you're a vegetarian, you have to come here when you're in Central Florida.  If parking is a problem, go across the street to the church and pray that you get in before you die of starvation, because that line is looooooong to get in.  Good luck!
After passing by this place a few times on my way to Skycraft, I finally got to stop in. I have to say that this is some of the best bbq you'll find in central FL. I was a little intimidated at first by the long line outside, but it moved pretty quickly. The staff inside the building looked very happy to be serving such delicious food, and the cakes looked happy to see me. If you want to sample the pork before you buy, they're more than happy to oblige. I grabbed my half rack of ribs, fried pickles, collard greens and corn and headed over to the picnic tables outside. There's no formal seating here, it's all family style where you sit next to whoever and enjoy some comfort food together. The ribs were outstanding. Not fatty, not falling off the bone but still tender and the smoke ring went deep. The spice rub has just enough kick to notice, but not enough to hurt. Yum. The collards were laced with tender tidbits of pork and had an ever so slight hint of vinegar. I love that. The fried pickles were like none I've had or made. The batter is more tempura-like than breadcrumby so they didn't feel as heavy. The corn was even delicious. Yes. Corn. Who walks away from a restaurant and says "my goodness that was delicious corn"? You will here. Sorry for the long descriptive review, but I really had to describe the food as I can still smell it's happy porky scent wafting up from my fingers as I type. So, if you're looking for some good down home bbq and you don't mind waiting in a line and having some laughs with strangers at a picnic table, then grab your bib and wet naps and eat some food at this place cause I guarantee you'll be happy and gut bustingly full.
An update: second visit. In retrospect, I should have previously given this place 1 star not 2. With this last visit, I can certainly say your food experience will vary. To be fair, I ordered the almost the exact same meal. While the sides didn't change (green beans in a pile of buttery water lacking salt and a bland biscuit) my opinion on them at all, the brisket was ENTIRELY different. Last time I had a small portion of almost entirely fat, this time I recieved a larger portion of almost entirely meat. It was tender without being mush (as a relative of mine had in that previous visit), and also this time had a nice smokey flavor that came through. Some areas were a tad salty, and it certainly was dry, but overall still a drastic difference since the last visit. I will only give 3 stars, because as the brisket was much better this time, I would not rate it amazing, the sides are still only acceptable, and the well known and accepted issues of parking and seating are still horrid. I would highly recommend eating on site, as my issue with my last meal being a small portion of all fat ended up not being resolved as I didn't look at my meal until after getting back to work. Also this trip we ate on site, at the "bar" that faces out to the limited parking lot. One of the staff actually reached in front of my father to pull away the tray (you eat off the tray, literally with no "plates") while he was still picking at his food, and leaning forward talking to us. He was not done his food entirely, nor did he (or would anyone) care for someone pulling his tray almost through him. So to sum up, much better meat than my previous trip has led to, but still far from impressive imo. I still believe this has to be the most overhyped restaurant in town.
Another great visit, tried the ribs this time, they were fall off the bone!!!!  They only put a little sauce which is nice, you can add more at the table if you desire. Although this is a seat yourself after you get your food place they have such friendly employees in the dining area who offer to refill your drink and take care of your tray after eating. For an out of towner this place is a must-eat!!  A great change from all the chains in Kissimmee.
Orlando never stands out as one of those foodie cities. But, with the addition of Four Rivers and a few other places popping up, Orlando is slowing becoming a city you can grab some good eats in. Four Rivers is by far the best BBQ in the city. They have a couple of locations but the menu is the same. I recommend the brisket. Can't go wrong by getting it. The jalapeno corn bread was okay and their mac and cheese is great. Another fun option is their soda. They have dozens different bottles to choose from, some from all over the U.S. They also have a lot of dessert choices. Inside and outside seating fill up fast and at lunchtime the line can snake out the door and down the street for what most locals think is the best BBQ in the area. Highly recommend checking this place out.
Try the Texas Destroyer. I personally prefer the Winter Garden Location, its much larger than the one on Fairbanks.
Only two weeks after having the best brisket I've ever tasted, I go to 4R for the first time... and have the best brisket I've ever tasted. Everyone says that 4R was the best BBQ in Orlando, and I believed it.  Sadly, it never showed up on my radar until I became a regular on Yelp and even then I had few opportunities. It's a pretty significant drive for me, and 95% of the time my fiancée makes the stinkface whenever I mention BBQ. Anyway two weeks ago I'm at Angel's BBQ (yelp.com/biz/angels-bbq-…) having the best brisket I've ever tasted, and I decide then and there, no more excuses. I'm going to 4R. This is the new best brisket I've ever tasted. It's very incredibly close, but in the end I prefer the 4R brisket. The sides I selected were the fried okra and baked beans. Baked beans are generally weird for me -- I love them, but I soon tire of them because of all of the thick, rich sauce involved.  Not these.  I inhaled the whole thing and scraped the insides of the cup with my fork to get one last taste.  The fried okra was delicious as well, although since I had taken them to go, by the time they got home they had gotten a bit soft.  No big deal, just like the beans I finished them off in record time and wished there was more. I looked over to see my dog next to me, doing "big eyes" and wagging her tail in silent anticipation of some incredible-smelling leftovers.  Sorry dog, no leftovers here. Every ounce is gold.
Tried to go this past Friday at around 4 PM. At first we had some difficulty in determining whether or not some of the spaces in front of the restaurant were really parking spaces or not (we did not want to be towed). We had sent our friend (who was buying dinner that day) to go wait in line, which was empty while we were parking. By the time we decided where to park (in front of some wooden double doors). we looked for our friend who had already made it to the indoor part of the line. There were some older gentlemen standing outside the door waiting to get in, and we told them our friend (who was buying) was holding our place. The gentlemen were rude and told us that the three of us could go to the back of the line because our friend had skipped them. At this point since we were already annoyed by the parking, and lack of line organization, and didn't really feel like arguing with some geezers we left and went to Fiddler's Green! Long waits for food don't scare me, but when a place is disorganized both with their parking situation, and the way they take orders it definitely turns me off! Put up some signs, and give ticket numbers out like they do at the Publix Deli or get someone to start taking orders outside and run them inside.
Basically Everything here is amazing. Come Hungry, Leave Happy. I bring everyone I know here.
No "signature sauce" should have corn syrup as a primary ingredient. And most especially BBQ sauce. The hype isn't surprising seeing as though it's founded by a VP-strategic-business-etc guy that talks more about himself than the BBQ on his about page. Perhaps that's for the best, he sounds more interesting than his food. They have a typical array of BBQ centric sides, nothing fantastical. The beverage case was a high point, with various cream sodas, root beers, pepsi & coke in glass bottles, teas, etc. I had the brisket, it was tender but I don't consider this 'real' BBQ - it's not a pile of juicy, dissolving gelatinous goodness. It was a bit bland with a very salty rub crust and low smoke flavor, I'm looking for a bolder flavor profile. (And no corn syrup!)
Perfect BBQ is perfect. I've seriously never had better and I've eaten a lot of BBQ. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is great. I make it a point to bring family and friends here when they visit and it's always a big hit. It can get busy on the weekends but it's definitely worth the wait.
Awesome every single time!
There is a lot of solid food here along with a few hits and misses. The biggest miss however doesn't even deal with the food, it's some of the service. The big plus about service goes to the owner himself John Rivers. He was there Saturday helping in the assembly line of his food. He cares about the food and service. He's thoughtful and treats each plate with care. Unfortunately some of his staff are a little off their game. The girl at the register rang us up but never gave us our food, and she rang us up before my husband could order the piece of cake he wanted. Then outside I went to get the sweet tea and thought the labels had been switched but because the sweet tea wasn't sweet, so I tried the one labeled unsweetened tea and it wasn't sweet either. I've had their sweet tea before so when the employee tried the sweet tea she told me "It's sweet, it's just not THAT sweet". I felt a little insulted because either she was telling me I'm and idiot and I don't know what sweet tea is, or that I'm a sugar addict that likes tea way too sweet. I had others at the table try it who thought they had just forgot to put the sugar in it. Also I watched as other patrons seemed confused as well. Most patrons decided to discard the tea and go with a soda choice instead. The food itself is worthy of a good rating. The Messy Pig Sandwich - Pulled pork, Cole slaw and jalapenos on top The Burnt Ends Sandwich The Pulled Chicken Sandwich Are all delightful, The do sauce your sandwiches for you, I don't have a problem with it but if you are ordering to go you may want to order the sauce on the side to prevent sogginess. This round I had the Pulled Chicken Sandwich and for 6.99 that includes two sides. What a great price. I got the southern style green beans - They are good with little pieces of bacon and a hint of spice, but they are missing something? Salt maybe? I can't figure it out. I really liked the mac and cheese, it's ooey gooey and kids will love it. Other sides that stand out are the bacon wrapped jalapenos and fried pickles. I still don't love their potato salad and their fries are just okay. It's still one of if not the best BBQ joint in Orlando and I'm glad to see business is booming for them.
"Awesome barbecue. Up there with the best barbecue I have ever had"
This was the best brisket I have ever had.  Ribs were great as well.  I loved the sweet potatoes for a side.  It was well worth the wait.  We went there for supper after a long day at Disney.
Holy crap, am I ever disgusted with myself. I can't believe I just ate EVERYTHING I ordered from Four Rivers. What a gluttonous, hedonistic and unhealthy state of affairs. The line was not as long as others have complained about before, and thanks to other Yelp members forewarning of such, I brought a paper to read while waiting just in case. I probably waited 15, maybe 20 minutes. Here's the massive portion of food I ordered, devoured, and what I thought of it: Pulled Pork: Absolutely perfect. Great flavor, consistency, and cooked just right. Smokey, aromatic, with nice burnt-edge pieces throughout. Beef Brisket: Very, very good. Some other yelpers have complained that the brisket was dry. Well, it IS a bit dry at 4RS, but I stress, A BIT. But the flavor is there, and although it stands up on it's own, it was much better doused with their BBQ sauce. French Fries: Skip them. Not terrible, but not really so great. Cole Slaw: Nice! I loved this slaw! So creamy, tangy, awesome. Probably a lot more calories and fat than even I imagine! BBQ Baked Beans: Kick-ass as well. Super flavorful. I don't know how they do it. Biscuit: It comes with the meal, I guess I shouldn't complain, but it wasn't so good. Kinda dry, tasteless. Probably would be ok smothered with butter, but then again I hate asparagus but I can eat that when smothered in butter too. Pecan Pie: (yeah that's right, I even had dessert!) Only my best friend Morgan can make a better pecan pie than the one I had from 4RS. As you can see, I overate. A lot. I should mention that my "plan" was to try to save some of this meal for lunch/dinner tomorrow. Yeah, that never happened. I inhaled approximately 2000 calories worth of 4RS food in just under 30 mins. I guess I'm a pretty sick guy.
4Rivers. You might pass this joint while driving, not even noticing it at first. The building looks very old style and kinda sketchy. Fading out in the paint job, and the strange parking...very peculiar indeed. However, what you probably WILL notice is the long long loooong line that warps around this smokehouse. Take a moment and breathe, can you smell it? The delightful aroma of bbq being smoked... Ooh yeah~ Now open your eyes and tell yourself the wait is worth it. That's right, it is soooo worth it. I've ate 4River twice now. The first time a friend bought it to a picnic and the second time I actually dined there. My dishes: 1st time: BBQ Brisket with Smoked Corn (?), Baked beans, Sweet potato casserole Brisket: Let me warn you now, their 4river's sauce is ADDICTING. You have been warned. The brisket is really tender and soft, when I ate it.. Oooh.. that was like pure delight. I'm not much of a meat eater, but I did enjoy this in small proportions. You could really taste the cut of meat and the flavor was just oh so yummy. You have to try it to believe me, trust me. Just trust me!   Baked Beans (With meat): A little TOO soupy for my taste. The beans were really soft and kinda mushy. Too much meat to beans ratio. Nothing really fancy..~ There are homemade recipes you can make with better results in texture& flavor profile. Smoked Corn: Is it smoked? Not sure...there were signs of grilled marks on the corn. Or was that just pan sear? Anyways, whatever method they used to create this side dish..it was great! Not too oily (like most corn dishes are in my opinion) and the flavor was really powerful. Sweet Potato Casserole: This my friend, is the best side dish of all time.  Even though the color of the ''sweet potato'' looked more so light browny orange than vivid orange... this dish is SO YUMMY!! I made an effort only to enjoy half of the serving, because just by looking at it..you know it was a jam packed calories dish. It is so addicting.. like if you take a scoop of it.. yourspoon will magically come back  to the bowl once more. Not kidding!!! Very nice texture, I love how it's not TOO creamy (bleh!) but has a smooth consistency. The flavor..it's indescribable. Imagine your grandma's sweet potato pie, cinnamon, brown sugar, nutmeg, pecan essence, vanilla + god. Yes, that's right, you're eating a bit of god. Is that awkward? (: Romaine Salad with Pulled Chicken: I decided to eat a little light the second time at 4Rivers. Of course everyone shook their heads in shame and disapproval. I mean who goes to a Smokehouse and orders a salad? This little lady over here! Even though meat is the primary choice here, I like to pay attention the the selection of veggies as well. The salad was a bit soggy! (Must have been due to the chicken) Nevertheless, let's get on to the break down. Crispy lettuce, check! Fresh cucumbers, carrots..check! And..that was it. Yes, lettuce,carrots&cucumbers~! Now the pulled chicken. I'll put this plain and simple...the chicken was a B- . The chicken nearly died in the sauce they mixed it with..!! It was like... coleslaw gone wild...only ... this is chicken, not veggies. The meat looked so unpleasing when first served. Mt. Mess... it was kinda just plopped onto the salad. The flavor was dull.. tasted nothing like chicken..and that's saying a lot. All and all, 4RIVERS is a great place for BBQ for the PRICE. Even though they do tend to over sauce their meats, you get a good amount of tasty food.
Best food EVER! Worth the wait in the line! Don't pass it up because of the line they move very fast and even when the line is out to the street your wait is never more than 10 mins and the food is FAB! Get the brisket! Get the bacon wrapped peppers! Yum!
WOW. That's some good food. I ordered the Cochon de Lait with smoked corn and stuffed bacon wrapped jalapenos. Oh my. The sandwich is quite spicy and comes in a nice crusty French baguette. Very juicy, tender meat. The bacon wrapped cream cheese filled jalapenos were interesting, but didn't knock my socks off.  I also got to sample some of the baked beans, which are a MUST for my next order. The corn really is great, as noted by Squid. The whole office is going crazy from the wonderful aroma, I think we've got a lot of new customers headed that way!
I can't add anything new to the 65 reviews posted. It's the best BBQ I know of in Central Fla. Yes, the parking sucks scissors, but the payoff is so worth it. I can't read through all of the previous reviews, but I don't know if it's been mentioned that some of their proceeds go to local charities. That's awfully nice.
Love the biscuits. Call ahead and pick up from a different window to avoid the line.
I got the sliders, one burnt ends, one pulled pork, one brisket. Burnt ends, call it what it is, the left overs, texture was mush and smothered in sauce. Pulled pork was same way covered in sauce so you cannot really taste the meat. The Brisket was fatty and I was not impressed at all with the seasonings on the bark of the brisket. This is just a run of the mill BBQ joint. I weight heavily on the meats because that is the center of attention at a BBQ place. All the meats were covered in sauce. I was brought up to believe you only add sauce to cover up meat that did not come out right. You don't get a chance to taste the meat without the sauce. The sides were average, the cheese grits are thick and heavy, and I could tell they were sitting for a while in the buffet pan. Flys were everywhere inside and outside which is just nasty. I watched flys walk on almost ever surface in the place and they were really bad by the coke machine, I guess they love the sugar too.
UCF Location:  So much hype.  Too long a wait to get to this side of town.  I tried it finally.  My prime rib sandwich was decent.  The meat was great, tender and cooked medium.  The horseradish sauce was flavorful but grainy.  The bun was disappointing, the kind that comes out of a plastic bag.  The green beans were salty, greasy, and over-cooked, as southern green beans, I imagine, are supposed to be.  I was told that I've love the mac n cheese if I liked homemade.  Um, no, it tasted like Velveeta shells and cheese except with elbows.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.  On the other hand, I ordered on the phone for 15 people for take out and the order taker worked as fast as I talked.  She read it back to me perfectly, no mistakes.  And she had the order bagged separately with names on the bags.  A++++ for order taking.
The best BBQ.  The messy pig, ribs or the tri tip.  You just can't go wrong.  They even have Cheerwine on the fountain.  AMAZING!!!  The lines are long for a reason.  Simply the best BBQ I have ever had.  Now I just wish they would open one on the south side, airport Lake Nona area.  Oh yeah!
Sooooo goooooodd!!!
Even though there was a long wait, it was at the end worth it!
If you are visiting Orlando, do yourself a favor and get of the resorts and drive into the metro area for great food at reasonable prices.  Our party of five enjoyed 4Rivers tremendously.  Highlights included burnt end plate, brisket sandwich, sweet potato casserole, and bbq beans.
Question:  What's the difference between a drug dealer on Hannibal Square and Four Rivers Smokehouse on Fairbanks? Answer:  Not a damn thing! Both sell an addictive substance.  The drug dealer sells crack, which you smoke.  Four Rivers sells brisket, which is smoked. Both will give you a little free 'taste" to suck you in and start you down the path to damnation.  Soon you are hooked and your life revolves around your hellish need for more and more and more.... As others have said: It's an order at the counter set up. The seating is outside, and they have set it up with some nice features. They have a busy take out window. Parking is limited, but on-street parking is available behind the place. (and can you imagine the hell it is to live there, tortured by the smell of smokey BBQ day and night) There is always a line out the door and into the parking lot. Servers do come out into the line with little samples of the brisket.   The brisket is awesome!  You can get a sandwich special that looked both big and yummie.  Or you can get a plate with more sides.  They litterally carve the brisket in front of you, trimming the fat cap and pieces  I wanted to grab the whole slab and run, but realized I would never make it out the door through the throng of brisket junkies.  It would have been a scene out of Night of the Living Dead. The sides are great too.  The baked beans were very good, sweet and smokey with some pork.  True BBQ beans.  The fries were crinkled and just the right degree of fried.  The mac & cheese looks home made.  I tried the cheese grits on a wim and didn't like them, but I think that was more my issue than the grits.  I am told by people who relish cheese grits that these are a good representative of the species.  Next time I'm going to try the stuffed jalepenos wrapped in bacon. But don't be fooled.   These brisket mongers have no conscience.  How long will it be before you get off I-4 at Fairbanks and see a swarm of formerly sold citizens - bankers, firemen, cops, insurance agents - holding up pathetic signs like "will work for brisket" or "why lie?  need money for brisket"?
Holy Smokes! This place is amazing. The meal we had here was the best meal during our week-long stay in Orlando...and I don't even like BBQ. The beef brisket was incredible. The meat melted in my mouth and had an amazing sweet, savory, smokey flavor. The pulled pork was also delicious but I just can't stop thinking about the beef brisket. Oh, and the sides - so many to choose from....we had the corn salad, potato salad, cornbread, french fries, cole slaw, and fried okra. There were many other sides we wanted to try (i.e. sweet potato casserole, mac 'n' cheese, collared greens, cornbread salad) but there was just WAY TOO MUCH food. The line was out the door (and then some) and even with three young kids in our party waiting in line, I would gladly go back and stand in that line again for a bite of that beef brisket.
don't understand the high rating. bbq is good, nothing special. husband had brisket, pulled pork and sliced pork sliders.  slider rolls were not fresh.  grilling or toasting the rolls would be a big improvement.  meat being stacked in bins causes meat to get steamy and mushy as opposed to being cut fresh.    i had burnt end sandwich which was good but certainly not spectacular, just a lot of saucey bbq on a boring bun.  liked outdoor seating and ambience. sides of sweet potato casserole and baked beans very good.
Heard a lot of good things about Four Rivers and had it catered at work once.  Had to come in and try some special menu items.  I got the Texas Destroyer with Mac n Cheese and Corn Hash as sides.  My girlfriend got the Messy Pig with a cornbread salad and BBQ baked beans. Delicious, nothing else to say about Four Rivers. Try to come for an early lunch because the line builds up fast. If you have guests this is definitely the spot to take them for a nice weekend lunch. Looking forward to my next visit.
LOVE the beef bristket sandwich with a side of banana bread pudding and some collards. Everything here is good, but I always get the same thing:) Love that they've expanded. Have taken coworkers for lunch field trips before work..and of course, they all LOVE it too!!
had their sliders. one pulled pork. one burnt ends. and one brisket. so good!! i've never had my bbq meat taste that good or was so tender and juicy. especially the brisket. the baked beans were way too sweet! yuck. thats why they lost a star. it was almost inedible. the corn was garlicky and delicious. the jalapenos were also really good. collards had good flavor. green beans were overcooked. boiled way too much. and my bf had the smoked chicken, fall off the bone tender, could be a little more juicy, but overall great place.
I grew up eating amazing barbecue that my dad smoked overnight in the backyard smoker.  As such, I tend to be wary of restaurant barbecue.  Not 4 Rivers. I've been here several times, and it's always been amazing.  Yes, the line is out the door.  Even at 4pm on a Saturday.    The smell while you're waiting is tantalizing.   I always get the same thing - the brisket tray (yes, a cafeteria tray) with pulled pork.  I get mac n cheese, sweet potato casserole, and fried okra as my sides.  There's no way I can eat the whole thing in one sitting, so I split everything in half and take the rest home.   The brisket is juicy, tender, and succulent.  The flavor is amazing, and it melts in your mouth.  The pork is delicious.  It has a delicious smoky flavor and is also juicy and tender.   I love the mac n cheese.  I guess it really isn't anything special necessarily, I just love mac n cheese in general.  Same with the okra and the sweet potato casserole.  The biscuits they serve are delicious too.  If you go during a dinner rush, they do sometimes run out and substitute corn bread - which is good also. The desserts?  The desserts here are dangerous.  1 - because you're already full.  2 - because they're huge.  3 - they're delicious.  I tend to get the large slice of whatever special chocolate cake they have or the carrot cake.  The desserts can vary from one day to the next, and the counter staff will tell you what's what if you ask. The outside eating area is nice and clean, and people are more than happy to share their tables.  While you're waiting in line, take a look at the wall just to your left once you get in the door.  That wall is plastered with notes from the community thanking 4 Rivers for donating food and/or time to events and causes around the community. I have just one complaint about 4 Rivers: that it's not closer to where I live (though in reality, my bank account probably appreciates its present location). One small heads up - parking is an issue.  If you park in the neighborhood right behind the restaurant, you are liable to be towed.  Patience is required getting into and out of the parking lot, but it's well worth it.
I live ACROSS THE STREET from Four Rivers and refuse to eat there again. The food is not actually that artfully prepared. I've been there several times and was never impressed with anything other than their desserts (but there are plenty of bakeries in winter park). The staff is pretentious and the wait time is too long.  People flock to this place because somehow it maintains a certain cache. Eating there is trendy--it makes you "hip". Go ahead, sport your Four Rivers T-Shirt and slap that bumper sticker on your car. By the time you've waited in line, gotten your food, and maybe payed, I've had time to make a delicious home cooked meal or get 1/2 way through my entree and a sit-down establishment.
I don't see what all the fuss is about.  4Rivers offers solid bbq, and some really tasty sides, but nothing that justifies that 30+ minute line to get an order in.  Or the lack of indoor seating.  Or the lack of parking. On my only visit, I had the burnt ends sandwich, a tasty pork & beef combo.  The meet was flavorful and the sauce, which had already been incorporated with the meats, was good.  As sides I had a good, but not great, block of cheese grits.  They actually cooked the cheese into the grits, rather than placing a slice of cheese on top of them, which I appreciate.  Also had the bacon wrapped jalapenos,  the one item that makes me crave a return visit. The food was certainly good, a definite step up from the nearby Bubbaloos.  But good isn't enough to convince me to spend half (or more) of my lunch hour waiting in line.  The inconvenience of going to 4Rivers means even though I liked the food, I'll probably not be back any time soon.
Though the brisket is amazing you really have to try something unexpected here. There smoked chicken salad is to die for! Smoked chicken, light mayo, and grapes. So good I can eat it plain out of the container!
I'm updating my review, having just placed a large catering order that fed guests for a party (60 people) and then the family enjoyed the defrosted leftovers the following weekend (7 people). Placing the large order was very easy, I spoke with Robin over the phone who emailed me the order for my review and confirmation. After reviewing the order, I called in my credit card and I was set! Woo-hoo! If you've been to 4R then you know how slammed the Fairbanks location gets at lunchtime, they were able to have to order ready for pick up at 10:45, so parking was easy as was checking out at the outside window. Also, to make things easier for me due to my work schedule, I was able to pick up the order (chilled) a day in advance of my party. If you have the extra fridge space, it works out great! And as a bonus, it was slightly less than the regular hot meal prices. Since I had ordered some extras for the hubby to enjoy and the family to enjoy the following weekend, I just divided that meat in various ziplocks and stashed them away in the freezer so the meats were only heated up one time. I reheated the foil catering pans at 275 for an hour or so and the meat came out tender and flavorful. The defrosted meat I wrapped in a tin foil pouch, popped on a cookie sheet and reheated at 275, again, came out perfectly. I ordered the Brisket, Pulled Pork, Texas Sausage and 1 order (50) of the smoked and bacon wrapped jalapeno poppers. The poppers disappeared quickly to massive raves. The Brisket, Pulled Pork and Sausages were big hits, with many compliments from all who ate. The out of town folks raved about the meal the following weekend and cannot wait for their next 4R. Mom commented more than once how incredible the brisket was and Dad was thrilled with the pulled pork. The nice staff loaded the boxed catering order to my car. Everything was packaged so well for reheating and was clearly marked. There was plenty of sauce to accompany the order and I was able to get a mix of regular and hot, which was great. I will be placing future 4R catering orders again, for sure.
Soooooo OVERATED!  ALL HYPE - BAD FLAVOR.  Let me give you an honest review of this restaurant from someone who has grown up on BBQ!    I've traveled all over the US and tasted BBQ from Indiana to Memphis TN.  I eat BBQ at least 1-2 times per week.  This restaurant has a strong church following, so don't let their biased reviews make you think this restaurant has the best BBQ! THE GOOD:   First off, this is the only location I've ever been to, and it's amazing!  The building itself is the best thing about this place.  The design is awesome and offers many options to either sit inside, or outside, with drink machines and sauces in both places.  They have a help yourself set up to lots of take out options, as well as sauces, and other random things like wet naps and napkins.  The staff was friendly as well.  Lots of smiles and friendly help around every corner and the restaurant was very clean!    THE BAD:  The positives stop there...  The food is NOT good.  I wanted to like it so bad but it just wasn't right!  You enter the restaurant to a buffet type line where you choose your food.  The food didn't look that good and it was busy, so the food hadn't been sitting long.  I got french fries which were DUMPED on my tray... not placed in any box, paper cone, or basket.  Just dumped on my tray which looked very unappealing, unsanitary, not to mention they were UNDERCOOKED!  WHO DOES THAT???  The corn was just OK and I'm a corn person.  It had somewhat of a weird flavor and it didn't go well with the other food.  Same thing with the corn bread... very odd taste.    Mac and cheese was decent.  The chicken and the pulled pork were both pretty good, except the BBQ SAUCE in my opinion was horrible!  The sauce is arguably the most important part of BBQ, so they should consider going back to the chef for another choice!  THE WEIRD:  While my gf and I dined we heard at least 3 jesus related songs not to mention they played the music super loud!  I've never been in a restaurant that played such bad music so loudly!  Awkward!   THE END:  Usually I clean my plate at a BBQ restaurant, but I noticed I walked away with many half eaten items because they didn't taste good!  If you want great tasting BBQ go to BUBBALOUS.  They do BBQ proper!  If mediocre food (at best) with a great atmosphere sounds like your thing, then go to 4 Rivers.  I think they could eventually get better with a tastier BBQ sauce, and properly cooked fries placed in some sort of basket or holder, but until then, I won't be back.
Here was my 1st experience.  Waited about 10 minutes for my takeaway order that was just sitting there.  They had high schoolers working the registers and it just moved slow.  I think they may have been training some one as well. I ordered the Messy Pig which I will say was insanely good.  I got the fries and fried pickles as sides but I think I waited to long to eat them and they were luke warm and soft.  Probably on me but wasn't wowed by these items.  Queue the drum roll... the Sweet Tea.  So essentially you hate angels and kids if you don't order sweet tea with your BBQ.  Of course I ordered this.  The sweet tea that was given to me tasted like pool water that someone then spit in.  I'm not even joking.  It was the worse damn sweet or unsweetened tea I have ever had in my life.  I was floored that it was that shit. I told my buddy about my experience and he said they are known for the brisket and not their pork and I should go back.  He also said the sweet potato casserole and smokehouse corn are the go to sides.  I'll give it another try solely based on his recommendations but it was a big swing and a miss for my first time here.
Having just moved away from Rudy's in Houston, I was ecstatic when my sister recommended this place for BBQ. I was so not disappointed! Portions were generous and the BBQ sauce was just like Texas. Cole slaw was a little watery and I miss the free bread slices (but who needs the carbs, right?); everything else was fantastic. Line was out the door, and they do close earlier on weekdays so come before 6pm if you want to find parking.
I was surprised to find a pretty decent BBQ place in the Orlando area...Winter Park. The brisket was pretty damn good. It's a do-over. Ribs weren't bad, but not great...a little tough or over done I should say. Must've been from the end. That said, I will eat my leftover ribs later. If you are in the Orlando area, do not bother going anywhere else for BBQ. I'll return next time I'm in town to try a different meat...but I'll have some brisket at well..moist not lean
I don't see what the big fuss is about. I had the barbecue beef brisket and to be honest with you it was dry. I'm not saying its bad, but it's not something I'd go crazy for and put their bumper sticker on my car for either. I prefer sonnys.
The meat has never been hot , it is well prepared and has good flavor,  the portion is adequate , not sure why they think it is ok to serve dinner on a piece of paper. Lunch will cost $9-13 Dinner $13-18
They have the best BBQ in Orlando hands down!!!  Get the Messy pig!  My favorite thing on the menu so far.  Its the sloppy joe of BBQ.  It represents my two simple conditions for a good sandwich.  Good ingredients.  Generous portions.  Makes my mouth happy :D.
Having me write a review about BBQ is probably equivalent to having a 8 year old girl writing a review about the Windows Operating system. It just doesn't make sense, but I'm still going to do it anyways. I saw the line out the door; I saw all the great reviews on Yelp, but my impression of this place did not bode well. Maybe it was all the hype and anticipation, but I was thoroughly disappointed. Almost everything I ordered tasted like charcoal literally. It tasted burnt even though it wasn't. Maybe it was an off night, maybe it's just not my palette, but again, I say that the food was unappetizing. The only things I like was the prime rib, the corn bread salad, and the fries. The prime rib was tender and probably had the most distinguishing flavor out of all the food. The fries were crispy. The corn bread salad was a unique side that I had never heard of. Think coleslaw, but with bits of corn bread in it. Very ingenious. I liked the sweetness that it added to the salad. We also ordered the brisket, ribs, green beans (soggy and bland), and Texas Destroyer sandwich. FAIL. After a while, everything started tasting the same. Another minus was that they ran out of corn bread that night. DOUBLE FAIL! I'm disappointed that I wait over 30 minutes for charred food. Sad to say, but I like Famous Dave's a lot more.
If anybody reads my reviews, they know one thing for sure.  That I know my bbq.  I've traveled hours down the road, just to try "the best bbq around" many times.  It's a gamble though.  Sometimes it lives up to the hype and other times it falls well short.  This was one of those times, it paid off.   I'm very weary of places that have such high reviews like this place and a lot of reviewers, because they tend to be the biggest let downs for me.  Also, I look at the region that this place is in, Florida.  To be honest, Florida isn't known for it's great bbq, so I figured this was one of those places that people liked, because it was alright, and it was there.  Yes, I've been to those places in SC and NC.  Truth be told, I love to give an honest bad review to a place that I think is way overrated.  Then again, it is my opinion, so it probably doesn't matter to the next person.  Four Rivers exceeded my expectations and entered the hallowed halls of my favorite places to eat REAL bbq.   The only reason it didn't get a 5, was because it's not a buffet, and where I come from, it's not REAL bbq if it's not in a buffet setting or if it's open 6-7 days a week.  The real bbq places are hard to find, mom and pop places, that are open Thursday - Sunday, occasionally open during the week just for lunch.  With all that said though, this place is a solid 4, even a 4.5.   I had the pulled pork, 1/2 a smoked chicken, collards, mac and cheese, baked beans, and cornbread.  The mac and cheese was too fake for me, not real enough cheese, not like gmaw makes.  Collards were decent, but still not the best I've had.  Cornbread was ok, a little dry.  The baked beans were pretty good, had a nice balance of spice and smoke to it.  I tried a piece of my wife's baked cheese grits and they were phenomenal.  I love my grits and this was like a grit cake from the Gods!  Chicken was some of THE BEST smoked chicken I've had.  Anybody that's ever smoked chicken, knows it's a hard thing to do and not dry it out.  They've got it down to an art!  The pulled pork was amazing as well.  I loved the smokey balance with the sauce.  Though I wasn't a huge fan of the sauce, it did work very well with the taste of the pork.  It didn't overpower it, like so many sauces can do.  The price was very fair, I think around $12-$13.  I couldn't even finish it all, which is very impressive.  I think everyone came back with a box of leftovers.  We got there around 4 on a week day, so the wait wasn't very long at all, plus we were able to easily find seating for a group of 10. If you're in the area or a hour or so out, make it a point to hit this place up.  It's definitely worth the trip.  Take it from me, a connoisseur of the que.
Whew! Very good food! Great selection!  Great taste! Great portions!  Presentation was very appetizing even though the food was not actually served on plates!  It is a casual dining experience with outside seating. Unfortunately, at times, seating can be limited and parking is also limited.  Some customers were standing while eating until a seat became available.  You can  squeeze in at a picnic table with other guests if you are not shy. You will most likely have to wait in line before placing your order, but there is a lemonade/water stand to keep you cool while you wait in line.  They also have an unbelievable variety of classic beverages!  We had a cherry limeade soda!  We also ordered sliders.  OMG!  The "burnt ends", brisket, and pulled pork sliders were simply amazing and tasty.  It would have been even better if the buns were just a bit warmed.  The crinkle cut fries were perfect!  The bread pudding was to die for!  Save some room for the bread pudding! Take out is available. Can't wait to go again!
Reminds me of Rudy's in Austin...
I've been here quite a few times, because it is the best Barbecue in Orlando, that is a given. But again, that is the best in Orlando. I think it is alright compared to BBQ I have had on the west coast. I normally get the burnt ends, because this is just my style. My boyfriend normally does the brisket, which is alright. I have made the mistake of getting the chicken and the turkey before, and neither had that smokey flavor I was looking for. I think they should pay attention to the bun as well. Some of the best BBQ places I have been to also paid attention to the finer details. All the sides are good, but always cold. Fried okra, jalapenos, mac and cheese, and the bread pudding (which should be hot) have been cold on most of my visits. But they still have great taste. Dessert was good. The pecan pie is excellent, while the banana pudding was alright in my opinion. I like the seating idea, but it will get limited all times of the day. Oh, and parking.. is horrible. You can park across the street at the church.. but crossing fairbanks with or without that cross guard they have is scarey. I would give it 4 stars, but those cold sides really get to me.
a fan of this location, as well as the other location.. I wasn't sure if I should get the turkey instead of the brisket this time, but upon being offered a sample, I still opted for the brisket. As an avid cook, I envy the preparation of their brisket! The sides are also good. Thumbs up!
After hearing all of the hype, I finally went in with my girlfriend to give it a shot. Everyone else has commented on the parking, so I won't harp on that too much. You get the idea. The parking situation sucks. What really matters here is the food. I ordered the Brisket dinner platter with macaroni and cheese, cornbread, baked beans, and the smokehouse corn. The brisket had great flavor, but it was a little on the dry side. The macaroni and cheese was standard: nothing exceptional or terrible about it. The cornbread was moist and flavorful and had a surprising kick of diced jalapeños in it (a friendly warning for those who don't venture towards the spicier side of things). The baked beans were really sweet (maybe a little too sweet) and were swimming in sauce. I think they'd be better if they added more beans and took the sauce down a notch. Strangely, the item I least expected to be the shining star of my meal ended up taking that title: the smokehouse corn absolutely rocked. The corn is roasted with tomatoes, green onions, and garlic. The flavor is right on the money. My girlfriend ordered the Burnt Ends dinner platter with collard greens, french fries, and baked beans. The Burnt Ends are advertised as being a mixture of brisket and pork, but it was mostly pork. The title is also a bit deceiving: you get the idea that this is a collection of crispy, smokey, caramelized corners of chunky roasted meat. The problem is they shred the meat down into oblivion and leave you with what amounts to pulverized pulled pork. Don't get me wrong, the flavor does a great balancing act of sweet, salty, and smokey...I just wish there were sizeable chunks of burnt end deliciousness in the mix. Alas, this was not the case, and it's really just a flat pile of grinded meat. No texture, all mush. The french fries were fresh, crispy, and on point. The collard greens were subpar. Four Rivers is certainly better than the other BBQ joints around Orlando (like Sonny's and Bubbalou's). No contest. I just expected it to go that extra mile and blow my socks off, but that didn't happen for me. I also wish they'd label their BBQ sauce bottles so we'd know the difference between them. I will say this: I overlooked the smoked  jalapeños when I ordered, and that was a mistake. A random dude next to me had about 6 on his plate and they looked out of this world...filled with cream cheese, wrapped in bacon. Don't make the same mistake I did. Give those a try, because they look amazing. I'm definitely going back to order some of them, amongst other items I wanted to try (like the ribs, which looked delicious). Maybe the second time will win me over more and I'll walk away with my world rocked. The last piece of advice I wanted to give my fellow BBQ fanatics: try Porkie's Original BBQ in Apopka. They easily have some of the best BBQ I've ever had. Absolutely killer. It's near Wekiva / Rock Springs and I've made a habit of having dinner there after an afternoon of swimming in the sun. Hits the spot!
Well ... the line that forms outside the door of the restaurant and winds down to the road is indicative of either really lousy service (lol) or really good food. Luckily, it's the latter! The experience beginning to end, A to Z ... ok, parking stinks, as does even getting a parking spot nearby. The line ... ok, again this stinks, but not literally because the smell of the BBQ inside makes its way out to you as the patrons ahead of you come and go with their BBQ goodness and the aroma permeates your senses. At this point you are too close to the goal and there is no turning back! So ... we're in!! You've stood outdoors and now you have made it inside to the shorter (and cooler, might I add) line inside the building. The menu is posted on the wall behind the service counter and there is a lot to choose from, if you are lucky enough to see past the people at the counter you may even get a peek at the side dishes and desserts that are displayed here. (viewing them is so much more awe-aspiring than reading the list on the board) As the line snakes its way through the small building (it moves pretty quick actually), just before you reach the counter to place your order, is the bottle/canned drink cooler. This features all kinds of vintage and hard to find beverages - ranging from Nehi to Bubble Up to CheerWine, but if these don't interest you, don't worry there is a fountain machine out on the patio as well. It's time to order! Be ready because there is a long line BEHIND you now! My favorite sandwich here is the "Burnt Ends" stacker -  1/2 Brisket &  1/2 pulled pork on a bun, but that's the easy part ... the sides are where I have to figure out what I want MOST. The side orders range from green beans, corn, corn bread, fried okra, smoked jalapenos, bread pudding, sweet potatoes, collards, macaroni and cheese, baked beans and hmmm, I'm sure I've missed something, but you get the idea. You can't miss it ... desserts ... they're right in front of you and down in the cooler by your knees. I usually end up ordering a side of bread pudding with my meal and this is my dessert (did I mention that it is made with Krispy Kreme donuts?) but I have tried the Funky Monkey before and it is pretty good too - banana pudding (nilla wafers included) with coconut and chocolate ... Mmmmm. They have fried oreos too and while some people drool over these, they are not my fave; they're ok in my opinion. Time to pay. You're on your own here, sorry. lol Next, it's time to go EAT out on the patio (unless you are taking it home) and here's a little tip so that no one knows you are a 4R newbie ... hang on to your cup because when you open the door it's going to fly off your tray if you don't! Seriously!! Grab your napkins, plastic ware and your drink and find a seat. You may have to sit with someone at one of the big picnic tables, but that's half the fun! ENJOY ... and then write your own review!
I was pleasantly surprised firstly to see how extremely organized this particular location is. Yes, the line was out the door but I don't think we waited more than 15 minutes before we got to the counter. You do the twist and turns as you would when you're in line for a ride at Disney except the payoff at the end is far more delicious. It is also very clean, another pleasant surprise there, you will always see a couple of people coming around and making sure everything is tidy. The staff is also very friendly. I opted for the 1/2 lb brisket, (see pic) forgoing the bread and other trimmings that mask the flavor of the meat when it comes in sandwich form; I wanted to appreciate the true beauty of the BBQ. As a side I got fries and the baked beans. My sides were ok, and the brisket was ok too; I have to admit that I have had better brisket elsewhere, but it did have excellent flavor. The sauces were.. eh...I actually enjoyed the brisket better without the sauces. If you're also looking to satisfy your sweet tooth, they've got you covered as well, but do yourself a favor and don't select anything from the main area. Wait until after you've gotten your main meal and then go around to the specialty sweets counter. The selection and variety is far more extensive, but you'll more than likely miss it if you aren't already aware that it's there because it's tucked away in the back. I had the peanut butter fluff parfait (see pic). Layers of cookie crumbs, the peanut butter fluff and actual whipped cream, very tasty. Over all I think the trip out here is definitely worth it.
4 Rivers is the singularly most over-rated restaurant, or any attraction, in Central Florida.  It is apparent that the people in Orlando have never dined in Texas, Missouri, Arkansas, Georgia or South Carolina to experience good BBQ.  Another reviewer mentioned "cult following"; which is when the followers let someone else do the thinking for them.  If you would like to compare 4 Rivers to the Gold Standard in BBQ, go to saltlickbbq.com and order up some R E A L BBQ from Driftwood, TX.  There, I said it.
Nominating 4 Rivers for Florida's Best Bubba Lou's, not a fan Kellers, pretty dang good Porkies, a solid establishment But 4 Rivers takes the cake....and could probably smoke it at a low temperature, over a long period of time and make it delicious.   The Meats, that's all of them, are the best around, hands down and for great distances. I have eaten at 'Wiley's Championship BBQ' in Savannah and 4Rivers blows it out of the water...then smokes it at a low temperature, for a long time...well, you get the idea.  The wait is worth it, no matter how long the line. You have to make it to the Carolinas to get better BBQ. Keep up the awesome Q'ing, 4 Rivers wakawaka
Food wise this place can't get any better!  I visited again today, and they are doing a great job expanding the outdoor seating.  They have also added a new bathroom and put an awning over the front door.  They really do listen to their customers.
Orgasmic BBQ! Four Rivers is well worth the drive from Orlando for some delicious barbeque. I've never tasted anything like it. I tried the messy pig sandwich with deep fried okra. Tears are falling right now as I try to capture in words how tasty this was. I made quite a mess of myself trying to eat this sandwich and even enjoyed licking my fingers clean of all that saucy goodness. At 2pm there was not much of a wait. I need to go back & get me some RIBS!!!!
There is nothing I'm going to say that will be the slightest bit different from anyone else's 5 star review.  Go, go quickly and take some time to look through their truly stunning, hard-to-find glass-bottled soda selection and the desserts.  Don't worry about the BBQ.  4 Rivers has that on lockdown.  Get a good place to park, get in line and get somewhere comfortable to eat the best BBQ in the city.
Four Rivers Smokehouse is what the angels eat.   The line is long, always, because it is DELICIOUS! I love their pulled pork, jalapenos stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon, and their beans will SET YOU FREE!! They also have an excellent selection of sodas...like the old timey ones.   I can't wait to try the Sweet Shoppe (sp?) because their desserts look homemade and decadent! This is the perfect place to take out-of-towners for a delicious meal.
So, it's been 12 hours since I ate and my belly is still sticking out a mile. Even waiting in line here is fun. Plus it gives you time to decide what you want, then change your mind 3-4 times before you hit the counter. I went with the smoked brisket (5 stars!!) with sides of baked cheesy grits (pure heaven) smoked Jalapeños (Heaven stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon..brilliant!) and collards (best I ever had) and as a bonus, I was grinning ear to ear as I looked through the vast varieties of old time soda, Sasparilla! Birch Beer! Thank you! Two downsides here, Parking is horrible and the neighboring business are not helpful. Odd, because their lots are always empty anyway. Also, I wish there were more tables to eat because they are always packed. Four Rivers deserves every bit of praise they receive on Yelp. If you don't trust Yelpers, just ask anyone waiting in the constant line that goes out the door.
Well, been to this location twice now, the first time wasn't  bad. But went there last week and wasn't that impressed with the beans. There was an awful lot of liquid and barely any beans. I have noticed over time that the employees aren't very friendly, they all look lost, no smiles on their faces, looking like they can't wait to go home. It was funny my order was near the register and there was a plate ahead of mine, they asked me If it was mine i said no. Well the look on the persons face, she was so mad as if she had to pay for that order. No idea how that stuff happens. The employees just act like robots there. I am not a big fan of their sides and my not order them anymore, the consistency here is not very good. If it weren't for they fact that my coworkers like going here I would never come back. Just too much money for average BBQ, the wait and consistency issues period.
My first time was with @kokocooks and @Joeyme1. My favorite people to eat with. We met for lunch. Long line of people waiting. Knew this place would be good. Had the brisket and it was perfect. @Eatlocalorlando joined us later on and we suggested the Krispy Kreme bread pudding. They also had some pretty decent cupcakes.
I guess writing a review for this place really is a moot point..but I will join the masses. It lives up to the masses and is 4-5 star no doubt, you can see the line out the door on any given day to qualify that. I have had the ribs, chicken, beef brisket, all phenomenal and the sides are excellent as well. At both locations I have visited all employees are friendly, quick (a plus when there are long lines and you are hungry) and the place is clean and spacious. I can really see this restaurant (now 3-4 locations) going national it is so popular and  good. Parking and wait times can be a bit cumbersome depending on the time of the day, make sure to plan ahead and get there before dinner and lunch if necessary or plan to wait a bit. But well worth the wait.
So Im from Kansas City.  I know BBQ.  This place was insane. I had the burnt end sandwich, fried pickles, and cheese grits.  They asked if I wanted horseradish on my sandwich, and it was amazing.  Holy Shiz.  The meat was perfect, tender, awesome.  Even the fried pickles were kickass.
I went to Four Rivers last night with my husband and two friends. Overall it was a good experience. We waited in line for about twenty minutes, and while we were waiting a server came buy with samples of burnt ends for everyone to try. They were great! Not that we were thinking of leaving, but if someone was, they would have changed their mind after the sample. The menu is pretty extensive. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw and okra. The okra was fresh and the coleslaw was good. My friend had the bread pudding and it was amazing, while my husband had the potato salad and I didn't really like that much. We also ordered banana pudding, which was good but didn't actually have that much pudding in it. The cup that I had was mostly coolwhip. Add two drinks and we were out the door for about $27. The flow of ordering the food is where the wait comes in. The space is small, and all of the counter staff tries to be quick, but the space they are working in is also small, so they are having to climb all over each other to handle checkouts and takeout orders. Also, it closes at 8 on Monday-Thursday. We got there at 7:30, and waited in line until they almost closed, so make sure you get there early!
poooooork cooooomaaaaa seriously, it's a fine line between "well, that was a perfect amount of food" and "ugh i feel like i could puke and then nap". unfortunately, my experience at four rivers was the latter. but ohhhh what a sweet feeling it was. my friends and i waited in line for about a half hour on a saturday at 6:30-ish...really not bad at all. and the waiting is totally part  of the fun! they also have water and lemonade set out for patrons and bring around samples too. the prices are ridiculously awesome for what you get. a pulled pork sandwich with two sides (more than i could eat) was like $7.99. i opted for the mac and cheese and fried pickles. another fun fact: there ain't no plates here. paper on a tray, baby (well, the mac and cheese was contained at least). after we sat down at the picnic tables out back, the woman seated next to me goes, "i have to know - what's that fried mound on your tray?" i proudly was all "fried pickles, giiirl" and took a crunchy bite. okay, i didn't call her girl, but the rest happened. anyways, the pork was really flavorful and awesome, with just enough sauce for my liking. in short? totally worth the food baby.
This place makes me want to hug everyone.  It is so refreshing to find a delicious, popular, independent restaurant in Orlando.  The food is just as good as EVERYONE says it is.  I ordered the smoked chicken salad sandwich [I know, I should have gotten pulled something or other, but I wasn't in the mood ok?!] and it was simply amazing.  The people working were super friendly, and I loved their selection of bottled sodas.   I went on a rainy Friday afternoon, and did have to wait outside for a sec, but it's okay.  They have an awning.  It's not so bad.  I think a place as excellent as this is worth waiting for anyhow. And how smart are they for making those magnets?!  Can't not stick it on my car.
It was tasty, however the brisket was a bit dry. I would go back because the food is good. I liked the sliced pork the best. (juicier) I tried almost every side item. They were all ok. Didn't much care for the sauce. I prefer a little sweeter. I measure all my BBQ sandwiches to Sully's Smokehouse in Lisbon, Florida. Now that is the best bbq pork Sandwich I have ever had. All in all I liked four Rivers and will try it again. I would not wait in a long line for it though. Order ahead and pick it up.
This place has a LOT of reviews.  With such sterling reviews, and such long lines every time I tried to eat here, I finally came at an odd hour- like 3pm. That worked out well.  No line.  I don't go along with the crowd here.  The brisket BBQ is amazing; in fact, it's the best I've EVER had. But the side dishes, to be honest, weren't too great. The Mac n Cheese tasted like it was out of a can. The beans, well, were okay.  So, my advice is to go there, and get the BBQ, but skip the sides.....
Really nice BBQ place.  Great atmosphere, very clean and good food.  It's not the best I've ever had, but it's the nicest BBQ restaurant I've ever been in.  I had the pulled pork sandwich with corn and green beans and my husband had the burnt ends sandwich with corn and green beans.  They also have the best desserts ever.  They look amazing!!!  My husband and I had a chocolate chip/walnut cookie and it was the best I've ever had.
I am forever grateful for my friends, who live in the area,  for bringing me here! I was convinced that the Orlando area was the capital of flabby, sunburnt arms, fanny packs, and bratty kids sporting Mickey Mouse gear but there is a secret land just north of Orlando called Winter Park, where hip, young adults hang out and glorious pulled pork sammies await at Four Rivers Smokehouse. We came here for lunch and the line was out the door. We had to wait about 10-15 minutes before ordering. The cafeteria style counter service is suprisingly very pleasant thanks to the cheery employees. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, which came with two sides(all for $6.99). I had to go with the baked cheese grits(I have a serious love affair with grits) and the smokehouse corn(best corn I've ever had). The seating is all outdoors at communal picnic tables. It's hot and humid. Your food is served to you slapped on paper(no plates here). It's messy and seriously awesome. A nice suprise to the end of our meal was free homemade peach ice cream served to us tableside. If you are in need of a reprieve from the kiddie tourist destinations, do come to Four Rivers Smokehouse!
For the Orlando area, this is very tasty. We are not In Texas, Kansas, or North Carolina people. I have tried all their side disehes. My favorite sides are cheese grits and baked beans. If you don't want to wait in line, just go to the take out part. Waiting in line is part of the experience. In my own head, I always said if they had a good southern cook fixing those side dishes like a grandma or someone, this place will really be on point! Also, if they had a southern cook to bake home made cakes like pound cake---whoa this place would be on fire. The one dessert that is definitely good is the banana dream pudding. Woo hoo on that! They are not ready for Cupcake or dessert wars but they are good to eat.
Definitely delicious! The burnt ends are amazing. I cannot wait for the UCF location! I need my BBQ!!
If you come to Orlando you have to try: 4 Rivers Smokehouse The Ravenous Pig Manny's Chophouse (which is in Davenport, but it's worth the drive) I have barbecue at least once or twice a week, and this is definitely the best Barbecue I've ever had.  Bubbalou's pulled pork is very good (Altamonte and Apopka locations are the best), but it does not compare to this. I have gotten all of my friends and family addicted to this place. Here is a break down of the items I've had: Brisket - Best you'll ever taste Pulled Pork - Great Wings - Best in town Sides - Very good Even if you get something else, ask to try the Brisket. Even if you don't like Brisket, ask to try the Brisket. There is always a line out the door (literally) here, but if you don't like standing in line do call ahead ordering and they'll tell you when your food will be ready for pick up. I have had one friend say they didn't like the food, but upon the second visit she quickly changed her tune.
Amazing food, but always lines out to the street! Call your order in and watch everyone else suffer! Or come right before they close. The food is what you expect, but damn finely done. Their sides really set it off - which they have a shitload of, and they'll sample for you. You get two with most things, three with full fledged dinners, and they're healthy sized. I wish they sandwiches were a little bigger, but the sides make up for it. If you get a dinner, split it with a friend or lover, unless you're taking some home (or don't plan on eating for a day, or you're a fatty, or you actually work in a job that burns an insane amount of calories. Not for the carb unfriendly. All you can get is a stack of plain meat. We talked about it last night and couldn't think of anything else. The sides are too many to list. They have a cool loyalty program, but you miss out on the first time because you have to sign up online. I missed the second cause I forgot to. Only thing that kinda sucks... That's four meals missed. Would be nice if they just checked Yelp checkins, but certain buttholes take advantage and don't patronize as much as they check in. Back on a better note, they have interesting sodas bottled, like cheerwine and sarsaparilla, just to name a few. Overall, totally great, especially if you live for pulled pork & brisket like me. But be prepared to build relationships as you wait in line for awhile. At least they come out with samples usually! :)
I wanted to take off a point due to the wait and the parking situation, but the food is too good! My favorite so far is the Texas Destroyer sandwich. Their pulled pork is really good. They really know how to do barbecue. So far everything I've tried, from the pork to the wings have been delicious. The only thing was the time I tried the brisket. Everyone says that's the best thing and it's really juicy, but mine was dry...maybe a bad batch? Their sides are awesome too. Especially the baked beans which is always a tell-tale sign for good barbecue. I would definitely be there more often if it weren't for the wait. I even enjoy sitting outside with the great weather we've been having.
It's all been said before, but this place is fantastic.  Had a smoked shaved prime rib sandwich topped with provolone and housemade horseradish sauce, drizzled some of the house BBQ sauce on top and sat out on the deck, enjoyed the Florida breezes.   Not only is the food great, but the place is well designed and has a subtle, wild west feel to it. I have heard that this place gets incredibly busy (as it should) so I would recommend off hours if you can swing it - lunch at 2:15pm for example.  Or call ahead.  When you pick-up if there are seats available, you can grab them.  If not, your food will be packaged to go.
I've been to this and the Lake Mary location, both SO delicious!  And the consistency between the two is awesome!  Burnt ends is my favorite (if i had to pick), doesn't matter if it's a dinner plate or a sandwich, equally good!  Fried pickles, the corn blend, the cornbread, the baked beans, not to mention the 4Rivers bakery!! EVERYTHING is AMAZING.  I like a lot of BBQ sauce, so the bottles on every table is a definite plus.  The place is always busy, which should be the first sign of how good it is, and I always leave super full and completely satisfied!  I don't only recommend this place, I suggest to GO NOW!
I usually write ridiculously long reviews for places I am passionate about. I suspect I have a 10% read all the way through rate, so I am going to try something different: a simple checklist for why this place is five stars on my first visit: - Tender Brisket - Great sauce - Lively environment with outdoor, family-style seating (shaded and with fans blowing a nice cooling mist) - Cheese grits with great cheesy flavor and a great crispy outer edge that creates a nice texture and flavor experience - Fried pickles - great flavor - Big Red. Seriously, BBQ shouldn't be eaten without this divine drink, but it is hard to find. Thank you Four Rivers for knowing that this drink belongs in any great Smokehouse's inventory. My little family had a great visit all the way from East Orlando. We will certainly be making more trips over in the near future.
Returned here on my annual Orlando workshop weekend [visit of Friday, August 17, 6-7:30 pm]. The food was as good as I remembered it last year. $11.49 for a 12 oz portion of pulled pork and three excellent sides. I had the Smoked Jalapenos, Cheese Grits, and Collards...again. There is only one thing the restaurant consultant in me saw that needs to be corrected. We waited in line for an hour. When we got to the dining area, I counted 50 empty seats. At least a third of the restaurant was empty even though they were running an hour wait. My friend and I watched as several different parties either pulled in to the parking lot, saw the line, and left without getting out of the car, or even got tired of waiting in line, and left. Those 50 empty seats represented lost revenue that cannot be recovered. The problem: one cash register and serving line. The system is so slow that the dining room can't stay full. My friend and I ate and left within 30 minutes of sitting down. Now when you realize the dining room was underperforming at a clip of 50 covers per half hour, the business is losing out on a potential $1,500 per hour in peak time revenue (100 X $15 check average). The solution: Very simple. Throw in another steam table/serving line and move the register to the entrance to the dining room. Have two register islands there to catch folks for payment on the way to the tables. You'll still have to wait in line at 4 Rivers - and hopefully there always will be lines - but the wait will be a real one. Kudos to the owner for closing on Sunday. Heeding the 4th Commandment seems like a business plan that always pays off.
What's all the fuss about? On my latest cross country road trip, I was hoping to find a bbq joint that would house my latest favorite pulled pork sandwich (fave is still from North Carolina). Well, the apparent pulled pork God was closed the Monday we were in Alabama so that idea went kaput. Fast forward to trying out bbq in Winter Park, FL of all places. The reviews looked promising but here's the skinny on my experience: Pulled pork was soggy and lacked flavor. The dried up ends of the meat were left in the sandwich making it difficult to chew. It was actually the worst pulled pork sandwich I've ever had and I'm even counting one that I had in New York City (which actually wasn't terrible). I spit out the smokehouse corn. It's rare for me to spit out food. Cheese grits casserole seemed pretty alright. Ribs were okay. I didn't care for the Texas cornbread because I don't care for savory cornbread. Collards were good but that's hard to mess up. The mashed sweet potato, however, was divine. I loved the blend of spices. I really couldn't get enough of it. Also had a sample of burnt ends. Darling, please. I may be a yankee but I know better. Go have a taste of the burnt ends at Arthur Bryant's in Kansas City and get back to me with a revamped dish. On the plus side, enjoyed the complimentary moist towelettes, sink, friendly service, and to go containers that were readily available. Didn't enjoy the lack of seating or the fly that kept bothering us though.
I've been hearing raves about this place for a while now and finally went yesterday.  Food was excellent!  I had the brisket with sides of greens, fried pickles and green beans.  The brisket was tender, sliced thick with a nice crust around the outside of each slice and the smokey taste was really top notch.  Vegetables were well seasoned and tasty...if not slightly overcooked.  It took every ounce of will power NOT to get a treat from that bakery...those cakes and cupcakes looked scrumptious.
One of the best BBQ places I've ever had. Pricier than advertised, usually a bit of a wait (10-15 min), and it's hit or miss of you'll get friendly service, but the food and their custom sauce is awesome. Go at least twice and decide for yourself.
OMG!. I am not a huge BBQ fan. I would say I go maybe three times a year. After trying Four Rivers I might have to become an avid BBQ connoisseur. We went around 5:45, which apparently was right before the huge rush which I witnessed 10 minutes later. From the second I opened the door I knew I was going to be happy. The smells were so good you just knew anything you got was going to please. I was a little surprised that all the sides and pork's were out being served like a buffet line. Most BBQ places everything comes from the back.However, I must say it had no impact on the taste what-so-ever. I finally decided on the Pulled Pork Dinner which comes with a biscuit and 3 sides. I was really bad and got fries, okra, and Mac and Cheese. HOLY FOOD! They are very generous with the portions. My eyes must have been bigger than my stomach. The Pork was so tender and juicy. The BBQ sauce is also amazing but I didn't feel the need to use much here, since the pork was so good on its own. Sides were good but nothing note worthy, typical BBQ place tasting. There isn't any indoor seating and you are encouraged to sit with other groups at picnic tables. Which was nice because everyone was talking and it felt like a back yard BBQ. Service was friendly and everyone seemed generally happy to be at work. You don't see that often anymore It felt a little pricey but i guess it was a lot of food and definitely worth it! Will be back soon to try one of the desserts for sure!
WOW, holly brisket! Was melt in your mouth good and approve of their tasty BBQ sauce on the table. There was a wait but not too bad, line moved relatively fast. For sides tried, potato salad (ok not too bad), corn (phenomenal), sweet potato casserole (sweet, couldn't eat the whole thing but tasted more like just the inside parts of a pumpkin pie). Also tried my hubby's coleslaw (not bad, usual type) and bbq beans (tasty!) Overall lots of food, more than I thought, and I was hungry! Will be back to try ribs (they looked good!) and pulled pork!
When I first visited Four Rivers I was turned off by the line ... but I must say that anything I have ordered here has been excellent.  By far this is the best BBQ restaurant in Orlando (Winter Park). Huge portions and great prices make this a favorite stop and "I will be back" as often as I can.
I love this place! Yes there are long lines, but if you know what you want, call ahead and your order is usually ready when you get there. Most of the sides are just OK, BUT the roasted corn and the baked grits are fabulous and that's what I always get as my two sides. I've tried the brisket, pulled pork and turkey sandwiches. All are great! Sometimes you have to share a seat with strangers. The first time I came, we met some out of towners who are BBQ fanatics, saw the line and had to stop in to try it. They loved it too! Parking is also a little bit iffy, but worst case, you can park at the church lot across the street.
Here we go again!! A happy bar b cue Saturday at my favorite smokehouse!! It's THE best barbecue in all of Orlando...period. Go there...NOW!!!!  Unless it's Sunday....it's closed on Sunday's, sorry.
I strongly believe this place is over-hyped. The food is good, do not get me wrong. I had the pulled chicken, and fries (can't eat pork ;(). Anyway, I found it highly unusual that they just got the food and threw it on a piece of paper, which is on top of a tray, which I guess cuts down costs, and allows them to charge less for food.. Either way, it's pretty strange. I was not a fan of any of the BBQ sauces, they were way too vinegary for my tastes. Apart from the food, I was not a fan of sharing a table with twenty other people (some may argue that it's part of the ambiance). The worst part of going to four rivers, is that it's always packed, and the wait is an unbearable 30+ minutes. It really is frustrating waiting in a LINE, that goes out the door and almost circles the building.
I cant say anything bad about Four Rivers! Amazing food great ppl.  Long lines if u go on a weekend but they move quickly.  only outdoor seating but if its cold they run large heaters that help a lil.  Beef brisket is amazing! if u cant find a spot to park in the lot, drive across the street and park in the church. if u live or visit the Winter Park/Orlando area u need to try this place:)
Great location, super friendly staff, and great food! The pulled pork is lean and delicious. I love the smokey flavor it has. The smoked jalapenos wrapped in bacon and stuffed with cheese are fabulous. The cheese grits casserole is good but a bit heavy for me. The desserts look divine but every time I've gone I've been too full to try them....just another reason to go back. =)
Four Rivers is a one of a kind food experience. From the very beginning they have wowed Orlando food fans with their generous portions, classic BBQ choices and array of sides and desserts. This place is definitely not for the vegetarian, its menu boasts real southern cooking with a whole lot of love. My favorite is the six shooter which is the perfect combination of salty-savory-sweet that keeps you coming back for more! In my opinion the prices are are a bit above average but you are getting large portions & quality food.
Best BBQ in town, hands down.  I was always a die-hard pork fan whenever I got bbq, but when I walked in the first time and saw John (the owner) hand slicing the succulent beef brisket right at the front counter, there was just no way I could resist.  The sides are phenomenal also (I've had the smokehouse corn, baked cheese grits, southern green beans, and mac & cheese).   I've referred several friends and never heard a complaint, rather more praise.   One word of warning - parking is a pain because it's always packed (a great sign) so you might end up parking in the neighborhood behind the restaurant.
I'm a real big fan of this place. Really top notch BBQ. The pulled pork sandwich was really good. The brisket was great as well. They both had really deep flavors and came piled high on the bun. For sides I really enjoyed the smoked jalapenos stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon,a side of these only comes w/ 2 pieces but still worth it. You can get fries anywhere. I had the fried okra as well but it tasted a little bland, no real problem though, I just dipped it in their own Four Rivers BBQ sauce to liven it up. Like everyone has said before me, parking is a terror. This will continue to be my go to place for BBQ until another place opens that serves better, but I doubt that will happen anytime soon.
In a word, DELICIOUS! Well worth the wait in line, in the heat ,and the fact that you may end up eating standing up (due to big crowds and limited seating). Also worth the hike to/from your car - parking here during their peak hours is scarce. My friend and I decided to try this place out for lunch, we'd seen the big crowds and wondered if the food was really that good. Well, it is! Once we were in the smokehouse, and saw the tasty array of desserts, we formulated our game plan. We split a pulled pork sandwich, each got a side of mac'n'cheese and our own sweet treasure. I opted for the coconut cupcake, she got the peanut butter chocolate thingy.  The cupcake, by the way, was really a piece of cake in cupcake clothing - very big and has to be eaten with a fork. We were so stuffed after eating our meal, no room for dessert! So, the "cupcake" came back to the office and served as an afternoon pick me up.  All of this deliciousness came at a very reasonable price, this place will become one of my regular spots for sure.
It's a tad sickening, maybe, in some ways, but every time I eat it . . . . it's so damned good!  No matter the environment. . . . from a backyard affair to Taste of Winter Park, John and crew are AWESOME!  Oh damn, now I'm CRAVING IT . . . bar-b-q & ALL!  :-)  Without question, a FIVE STAR attraction we are fortunate took foot in Winter Park!
The best barbecue that I've had yet in Central Florida.  Their brisket is as good as advertised, but for me it's their side dishes that elevate them above the rest of the pack.  Their collards greens and baked beans are the best I've ever had.  The smoked jalapenos wrapped in bacon stuffed with cheese are addictive.  Order extra sides! And they've definitely thought through the details - the outside handwash station is terrific.  Definitely worth the wait.
Best BBQ in Orlando. Always a line out to the street and packed parking lot/ street. Prices are cheaper than Bubalous and the sides are ridiculously amazing. Try the grits and cheese. When I go to a BBQ place I need everything to be delicious. Most places only have decent meats. This places excels in everything. Even the deserts look amazing ( can't say I've ever had them, since I'm always too full when I leave with my doggie bag)
So I was in town for business and asked the staff at the hotel for a recommendation on where to go to dinner and this was the first place they mentioned.  Now being from Texas it seemed a little weird to fly to Florida to have more BBQ, but I figured that I asked for the recommendation I should head the advice.  Of course I checked with my fellow Yelpers to see what they were saying and everyone was in agreement, that it was great food. I was very fortunate when I pulled up that someone was pulling out and gave me their parking space.  The line was well out the door so I was feeling even more confident that I had made the right choice. I was very pleased with the result.  The Beef brisket was tender, smoky and full of flavor.  The side dishes were amazing.  I tried the cheese grits, fried pickles and smoked jalapenos (jalapenos filled with cream cheese and wrapped in bacon).  I was being brave by ordering the cheese grits because I am not a huge grits person, but they were delicious and helped take some of the heat off of the spicy BBQ sauce and the jalapenos. The menu went well beyond just straight meet.  There were all kinds of interesting sandwiches where the BBQ was just one component.  I wish that I lived closed so that I could try some of these sandwiches myself the sound very interesting. The outside dining area was fun and I ended up visiting with some locals from the area.  Also notable were the variety of sodas that were available including a Cheerwine soda that was on the fountain out in the dining area.   I was proud to see a huge Texas star displayed proudly outside in the dining area.  I knew this was good BBQ.
Is it fair to review a place that's normally good but has seemingly fallen out of line? I went to 4 Rivers in Winter Park expecting some delicious beef brisket or ribs. I noticed they had, on special, some rather tasty sounding beef ribs. Being a fan or ribs I asked for them. Now, 4 Rivers is not a cheap place but I was willing to pay $16 for some beef ribs and two sides, however, this is not the case. For $14 (with no sides) you get ONE, count'em, ONE SINGLE beef rib. This is absolutely unacceptable and a total ripoff. No where, ever is it acceptable to charge this much money for one single rib. FOR SHAME 4 Rivers, don't rip customers off like this. Upon seeing this pathetic excuse for a lunch, I asked for something different. Having to decide quickly I went with the sliced beef brisket ala carte, in this case a half pound. Their beef brisket is some of the best I've had in the past and not something that I can usually go wrong with. It's also easy to go with when I have, approximately 5 seconds to find something different if I don't want to be cheated out of $16 for one single rib. I'm not sure if the person behind the counter just had it in for me because I prevented him from giving me an overly expensive single rib lunch, but whatever it was, of that half pound of brisket I ordered, I got, what appeared to be .45 pounds of fat. More pure fat than I've ever gotten out of anything at 4 Rivers or most any BBQ place. Either the guy behind the counter didn't know what he was doing, which is highly unlikely because the folks at 4 Rivers certainly seem to know their BBQ, or this guy just had it in for me and wanted to make my meal as unpleasant as possible, and it seems like he accomplished that! I'm used to getting delicious beef brisket and being able to choose between more moist cuts and lean cuts, never have I gotten so much fat in my cuts even when ordering moist brisket. For shame 4 Rivers! Don't treat customers like they're cattle and don't rip them off like that with your horrible pricing for your beef ribs. No place should ever be charging $14 for one single beef rib ever, that's an embarrassment and a shame to your, otherwise, good smokehouse, and DON'T take such a reasonable complaint out on a customer by serving him absolutely unacceptably disgusting brisket as punishment. Very disappointed.
I blame Kansas City for not being able to enjoy any other BBQ. Once you've eaten at Oklahoma Joe's you're ruined for life! My boyfriend and I were looking forward to trying some Orlando BBQ for lunch so we took a drive from Disney World to 4 Rivers. We ordered the ribs and brisket. We also tried the cheese grits, macaroni & cheese, smokehouse corn and BBQ beans as sides. The sides were good. I especially enjoyed the smokehouse corn because it had great garlic flavor. But a basic rule of thumb at a BBQ joint is that the better the sides are, the worse the BBQ is. Four Rivers is an excellent example of this rule because I enjoyed the sides MUCH more than the actual meats. I guess they need to take the focus off the actual main dishes with some good side dishes.
i work down the block so i frequent here enough to know that my salads are never consistent... sometimes they forget the corn, sometimes the croutons, other times they pile on what seems to be a whole onion... i LOVE their dressing but get annoyed on the days they barely put any turkey in the salad..   i just wish the salads were more consistent... i dont eat anything else there. i find their bbq sauce to give me heart burn.. but it always smells good
I feel like I'm going to get a lot of smack talking for this review, but I just can't hop on board with the rest of Orlando *quite* yet. I love Four Rivers for everything but what I'm supposed to love it for: the meat. Really, it's just too fatty for me, and the portions are never really all that filling anyway. Their bread doesn't do it for me, either. However, what changes my mind about 4R are the sides and desserts. Those red velvet cupcakes and the fried pickles...yummmmmo. Also, don't sit in the outside area if you're wearing a dress. Those fans are hell on a flowy skirt, and no one wants to flash a family lunching after church.
The food is really, really good!  However, when you are eating on the back patio there is a faint sewer like smell.  Get the food TO GO!  We had ribs, pulled pork and brisket with french fries, coleslaw and beans. All were better than Sonny's, Bubbalicious, etc.  The cooler inside was broken so all of the cool beverages they offered were room temp.  I would go back, but would call ahead ( there was a large line) and bring the food home to enjoy.
Extremely delicious BBQ! The place has very limited seating, but we seem to have gotten lucky every time we've been there as spaces open up as soon as we step out with our food - even the time when we had 10 people in our party. But I think we might just be an exception. Line goes out the door most times, so keep in mind that you might have to wait a long time. So, there are a ton of problems trying to get your food (long line, parking, etc.), and finding a seat after you get your food, but it's all worth it. You get A LOT of food for the price you pay, and every little thing is delicious! I personally love the brisket, baked cheese grits (from someone who strongly dislikes grits), mac 'n cheese, fries, etc. I also love their spicy bbq sauce.
While waiting in line the manager served water to us!!! What an awesome atmosphere and absolutely awesome food worth the wait in line!!! We want a 4 rivers in lake Mary!!!!!!
Came back again for lunch today and helped myself to TWO, yes i said, TWO sandwiches and a couple sides! They had a new Cuban sandwich with a twist!  It had onion rings in it and their juicy tantalizing meats!  So I tried it and the Messy Pig sandwich, which ended up being me who was the messy pig after I was done with these delectable juicy sandwiches from the BBQ god, John Rivers, himself.  For those who haven't tried it yet, I highly recommend the messy pig sandwich, it has pulled pork, coleslaw, jalapenos, and pickles and when these beautiful ingredients come together and are topped with their signature bbq sauce and placed in between two buns...you have complete satisfaction in your belly, mind, and soul and your perspective on life will drastically alter and time itself will stop.... I freakin' love this place!  Get your arses over to 4R and join the long lines!  It's all in good fun and definitely worth the wait.  For you impatient bastards, just call in your order and pick it up.  It'll be the smartest thing I've recommended anyone to do in the past 6 months....or so.
I am a huge fan of BBQ. I normally make the pilgrimage to Porkies in Apopka, but 4R has found a place in my regular eats. The pulled pork is my fave. And the sides... Oh the sides!!!! Try the smoked jalapeños, mac n cheese, and sweet potato casserole. I would give it 5 stars but parking is a little annoying and you have to battle white collar business men who think they should have 2 hour long meetings at one of their only 6 or so tables. But the food is worth the wait.
Dry that's what comes to mind when I think of Four Rivers... from the meat all the way to the desserts (which I bought a wide variety of at their sweet shoppe down on 434) The only things I tried which were decent were the burnt ends and the little brownie bar covered in chopped up heath bars. chicken... dry brisket... dry cupcakes... dry pb pie... dry as for sides, the mashed sweet potato wasn't bad in flavor, albeit a tad runny. Bottled beverages weren't cold when we grabbed them, and I wish they toasted their buns for the sliders. the end
Hands down the best BBQ anywhere in the area! I've heard the line gets pretty long but we must have got there at the right time because we only had to wait a few minutes. I have to say there are so many choices on the menu, it was hard to choose...another reason why we will definitely be going back. We decided on the 1/2 rack of ribs platter and the brisket (plus prime rib for an extra $2.00!!). Each platter comes with THREE sides and cornbread. For sides we had baked beans, coleslaw, fried pickles, green beans, collards and mac & cheese--all were delicious! And there were still many more to choose from. We had no problem with the picnic style, outdoor only seating, but I imagine during a super busy time it would be hard to find an empty spot. Overall this place is right up there with the best BBQ we've ever had and I can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu!
Bam. That's all I have to say because the brisket hit me in the taste buds like a wild mustang kick. Ever since I moved away from Texas, I have resigned myself that I would never be able to have true BBQ brisket until I went back for family visits. I am so happy to say I was wrong. This place reminds me of a tiny BBQ joint we used to eat at in San Antonio down from my house. Juicy, thick cut, and my god it just melted in my mouth. I prefer to sauce it myself (if at all) but that's easily fixed by telling them to hold off on the sauce in line. My only gripe was the Mac and Cheese, it wasn't quite what I was hoping for, but the sweet tea and my green beans and okra made up for it in major ways. I was stuffed, but damn I wanted to go and grab some of the desserts. I seem to have missed the bad staff that I have heard about, because when I went everyone was pretty nice. Don't let the fact that you have to sit at a large table with people you don't know put you off from coming here. That's Texas style, so suck it up and start a convo with someone. It's called being friendly. I heard a lot of people grumping about it when I was there, and I kinda wanted to smack them with my tray. I took a burnt end sandwhich to go for later, and I'm so happy and sad I did. I was happy because I love burnt ends, and this one was just about one of the best I've had, but I was really really sad because once I ate that sandwhich, it was all gone. Although it was a mixed burnt end sandwich with brisket and pork, it was still pretty good, so I won't knock them for that. Just thinking about this is making my mouth water all over again. Excuse me while I go feed the fatty that is me with more brisket.
The beef brisket will change your life. It is probably one of the fattiest and saltiest pieces of meat I have ever eaten. Yet it is wonderful. The brisket is so popular that one time I tried placing a order at 6pm and they told me they ran out of brisket. Seriously? How do you run out of brisket at 6pm? It's that good. And the constant lines out the door don't lie either. Oh man I am getting hungry writing this.
This place is amazing. While I am sure that all of the items on the menu are great, I have been here a dozen times and I always get the same thing... the Beef Brisket (capitalized because it deserves it). The place is clean, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the food (Beef Brisket) is mouthwateringly amazing. They have a wide selections of sides, deserts and soda as well as some interesting signature items which I never bother with because the Brisket is so good.   They get very busy for lunch, so show up early or prepare to wait. (which is worth it)
I have read the reviews and seen the long lines. Well, what a disappointment. The lines are long because this place is small and parking is awful, but I am only rating the food and cleanliness. The pulled pork is ok and needs no sauce. The sliced pork is terrible and the sauce makes it worse. The cole slaw is great, however, the the biscuits and cornbread were bland and stale. The baked beans taste like someone emptied an ashtray in them. The good: The staff is very friendly. The most disgusting thing I witnessed is that they put the meat directly on the paper on the tray. The problem is cross contamination with the tray that was on top that has only been wiped down with a dirty rag. A piece of paper is stacked between each tray. Mine had ketchup from the tray on top of it. I kindly asked the girl to change it and she did. Even fast-food restaurants pull out a tray and then put the paper on it. My top three Orlando BBQ places are: 1. Porkie's 2. Harry & Larry's 3. Bubbalou's.
Winter Park needs another BBQ joint? If it's Four Rivers, the answer is a HUGE yes.  In a seemingly saturated market, Four Rivers simply produces the best BBQ in Central Florida. If you don't believe me, check out the line of patrons that typically streams out the door at any hour.  My favorite is the Messy Pig, but everything I've tried on the menu is excellent.
My second time here, once two years ago and again June 2013. Incredible, great value, and so so delicious. Worth the wait! New location is great, handles more people. I wish I lived in Orlando!
Great food, clean and good access. Between the two of us we had brisket, ribs, pulled pork, corn, baked beans, mac n cheese, potato salad and sweet potato. All of it was delish, tender, fresh, moist... Price was reasonable. Will definitely go back for more.
Whenever in the area for business, I always stop in to four rivers and get the most amazing bbq in central florida. Smoked prime rib melts in your mouth.
One of the newer restaurants in the area is Four Rivers Smokehouse. It's southern style BBQ, and it's damn good eatin'! Order your food inside, and then eat it outside. There is no indoor dining area, folks. The menu has many enticing choices, including brisket, shredded/pulled pork, sliced pork, smoked turkey, chicken and more. The list of side items is impressive and it includes typical things you'd expect: fries, cole salw, baked beans, as well as comfort foods such as mac n' cheese, collard greens and green beans, and more. As if that weren't enough, they also have baked cheese grits(!!!), cornbread salad (looked amazing, but will try another time), John's potato salad, fried okra and more that I can't remember. Options galore! I had the pulled pork sandwich. It was plentiful and delicious. I was asked whether I wanted pickles or jalapenos on the sandwich. How cool! The BBQ sauces here are tasty and uniquely spiced. No grocery store brand sauce here. My friend had the Cochon de Lait (cajun pig) sandwich made with slaw, creole mustard and served on a baguette. He really liked it! There were many other items on the menu that were very appealing, so I must return soon. If you've got a sweet tooth, check out the cupcakes and cakes they serve! You can't miss them as they're sitting right in front of you at the register when you pay. (They need to put covers over the cakes though, because if someone sneezes on them it's not going to be pretty.) Staff is friendly and very attentive. The seating outside is limited insofar as there are only 6 oversized picnic tables. Luckily I knew people who happened to be there when we arrived, so we joined them. Once they left other folks needed a seat so we moved over and let them sit with us. If you're antisocial, this may not be the best place for you to eat at. You may have to share a table! Parking is a mess when it's busy. Folks were parking on people's yards around the corner which is not going to last. They do off site parking at a church nearby. I think you'd have to cross Fairbanks on foot though, which may not be desirable to some... 4 stars for damn good BBQ!
I had the pulled chicken sandwich.  It was so good.  The mac and cheese was cheese-y but the bread pudding stole the show.  Bonus points for having Cheerwine.  The downside?  Parking is downright evil, super long lines and it was def on the pricey side.  I will return, I plan on eating the smoked turkey and trying more southern sides.  The cake looked amazing, but I couldn't finish my meal as it is!
While on a back to Rollins trip my local friends brought me here for dinner. From Yelp reviews I knew we were in for some good eats. Truly 5 star!  That said, I think the prime rib was the best! The brisket was the second best I have had. Smoque in Chicago still holds the prize. The pulled pork a little saucy and beans great but oh sooo sweet. A little less salt in the pork and brisket would also brought it up another notch.    Truly worth the wait in line. Loved the bacon wrapped Jalapenos too!
This place exceeds all expectations.  Absolutely wonderful!  Go hungry.  Have patience as you wait in line.  Once you get to your turn to make your order, the wait will be well worth it.  Everyone loves this restaurant.  Its a treat!
No one has reviewed the Six Shooter yet, it's about one of the only non-sandwich items on the menu, if you don't opt for the dinner plates. Six Shooter: base of hot cheese grits, generous portion of pulled pork, layer of cole slaw, scatter of pickled jalapenos and pickle chips, and a drizzle of BBQ sauce. This thing is massive.  Massive enough that I didn't think I could eat it all.  I did, but then didn't eat until dinner the next day, true story. .   A gluten-free party for your mouth!   This is now my go to order along with a side of the Texas Corn Salad.  Sweet grilled corn, cut off the cob mixed with grilled jalapenos perhaps.  It's good, it's spicy, I love it. Think I've just figured out where I'm going for lunch this weekend!
I had seen this place on tv. People in the neighborhood next to it were being interviewed by the media about the parking situation and how upset they are because this BBQ place is always so packed and people park in their yards. So this sparked my curiosity, and since I'm a fan of good BBQ, I had to come and see what all the hype about this place was. I read the yelp reviews as I always do before I hit up a restaurant, and got some good suggestions. Good thing I came on a Monday night. The place wasn't packed at all as far as the "line outside the door" goes, as some people have complained about in their reviews. Yes, I was one of those that could not find a parking spot and had to park across the street in the church parking lot and walk over. No big deal. Walking is good for ya anyway. The place inside is so small that no wonder there are lines out the door!! The menu selection is HUGE! I told the guy behind the counter that it was our first time here and he gave us free samples of their brisket to try. I WAS SOLD!!! We ended up getting the BBQ brisket, sausage and ribs combo. Along with that we got cornbread, Cole slaw, baked beans and a biscuit for our sides. Of course we couldn't walk out of there without a dessert on our tray. We got the peanut butter cupcake. Once we paid, we walked outside and sat on long picnic benches. That's where you also get your pop refills and utensils. We both thought this place was great! The food was so good. Of course the brisket and the baked beans were my absolute favorite! It's a shame that when I lived in Orlando for 5 years that I never knew about this place until I happen to watch the news one day. I could have eaten some great BBQ along the way!!!! HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone that loves good Texas style BBQ!!
BEST LOCATION & CUSTOMER SERVICE!! -- Than the one in Winter Garden imo.. This is the ORIGINAL location prior this spot started BOOMING of clients! This is being relocated nearby to a bigger location on the other side of the street  -already seen the "Statue" being placed in the center of the "New" spot. The parking can be hectic due to the spot is mediocre sized -- However the plaza next across can be helpful with extra parking. Came in and first thing you see is the HUGE Red Velvet and Banana Cakes in the center along with Banana Pudding, etc.. Also you see an array of bottled sodas, juices etc.. Chef Mario Batali's Pic with the Owner in seen close to the register along with other famous clients that have stopped by to taste this BBQ Smokehouse. Ordered the half slab of smoked ribs with 1/4 smoked chicken along with sides of Potato Salad, Bread Pudding and Baked Beans = Also added an extra order of Bread pudding and Banana Dream Pudding. It also came with a biscuit. There was a 15 min wait on the ribs -- So while waiting the gal by the pick up window for take out asked if I wanted a drink and how long have I been waiting for the ribs etc.. So she offered a styrofoam cup and asked me to grab a drink from the fountain on the picnic bench stalls where people actually eat the BBQ. The Soda Fountain stall was actually quite clean with a sink installed and to go brown paper bags, Paper towels, Handsoap, - Pretty much everything you need to clean yourself after chowing down some bbq!! Now the food -- The reason why I actually liked this location was how they served the sides and of course customer service.. And the meats and sides tasted fresher than the Winter Garden location. Smoked Ribs -- Meat falling off the bone and the red ring (indication of smoked) around the meat..and the great smoky taste and I tasted some type of beer as well in the marinade. This was not slathered in sauce it was dry rubbed - For 1/2 a slab you get about 8 pcs? Smoked Chicken - White meat (no added extra if you choose white or dark meat) - The meat was tender and not dry at all -- The skin catered the smokiness rather than the white meat itself. Bread Pudding - Moist and packed with raisins! This bread pudding is special because it is made with "Krispy Kreme" donuts and NOT bread! This is a POPULAR side along with the potato salad because they had to refill the tubs of both! Potato Salad - Fresh tasting with the right amount of mayonnaise, red skin al dente' potatoes, FRESH DILL with eggs and onions and perhaps mustard? No wonder why they kept refilling this - It actually tasted GOURMET! Baked Beans - Intense smoked flavor and right consistency! Not thick at all! Had bits of meats as well..Excellent beans! Biscuit - Smaller portion than what I was given prior at the Winter Garden Location..But ohh so buttery and soft! Banana Pudding - Pending because I still have leftovers and have not gotten to this part yet and still chilled in the fridge! PORTIONS are huge here! Leftovers guarenteed! If you come here often do not forget to take advantage of the "Loyalty card" which is valid for 1 month of purchases and you get free food!! BTW = Try their fountain CHERRY SODA!!! The best by far!!! Strong cherry flavored soda pop! Def will go back and put my sweety to this 4Rivers fiasco!!! Perhaps this weekend? LOL The owner of this eatery have been exposed to Food Network chefs via Miami Food & Wine Festival last year -- So his name is out there!!!! GOOD SMOKEHOUSE BBQ - GOOD PORTIONS - GOOD SERVICE and REASONABLE PRICES! They are CHEAPER than Sonny's or Smokey bones IMO compared to what types of food you get HERE!!! QUALITY!!!
Taking Texans to a BBQ place in Florida is a surefire way to piss them off, unless its really good BBQ. There is normally a long wait, but due to the chilly evening we walked in without a problem and were greeted by some great people. They were very polite and helpful answering questions and using descriptive words when explaining the menu.  I ordered their recommended beef brisket sandwich and for my choice of sides I indulged in the  creme cheese stuffed, bacon wrapped, grilled jalapeno's and baked beans. They even convinced me to get a small bowl of their chili. As we exited outside (as there is no indoor seating) we grabbed some silverware, napkins, and a nearby pick nick table and dug in! All of my food was ridiculous. The brisket was flavorful and juicy. The jalapeno's amazing, and the baked beans were tender with the right amount of smokey touch. The chili was layered with different flavors that pack a heat that sneaks up on you. Portions were huge and to top it all off a sweet young employee asked to refill our drinks and clear our trays. As we strolled out, everyone left full, happy and even my fellow diners from the lone star state gave the nod of approval.
I had to wait 30+ minutes on a Friday night at 8:45PM, but it was worth it.  For a reasonable $13+, I got a large portion of Four River's signature beef brisket, a large piece of cornbread (which they claim comes with every entree) & sides of mac n cheese, sweet potato casserole, and sweet corn.  The beef brisket met its high expectations, it was so tender and moist and the Four Rivers developed bbq sauce was the icing on the cake (or beef brisket in this case).  Of the sides I got with my meal, everything was pretty average but the sweet potato casserole stood out as the huge exception, definitely something you want to get with your meal.   They claim to close at 9pm but they generally stay open to accommodate people in line well after that.   I arrived into Orlando after a cross country flight and Four Rivers Smokehouse made it worth it as my first and only meal of the day.
Based on the food alone,  I would have given 4 rivers 4, possibly 5 stars.    I had the pulled chicken dinner and it was really tasty.   Unfortunately the collard greens did not live up to the hype.   (  Just a "touch" of vinegar ..... come on!!? )  The issue I have with this location is that the parking lot is simply too small to accommodate the business.   I had to wait 20 minutes to find a parking space and then almost got into an altercation 'cause there was another person eye'ing it at the same time.   Also there is no place to park on the street - even if one doesn't mind walking a bit.   Suggestion to management:    Cut a deal with one of the non-restaurant businesses around there to use their parking lot at night when they are closed.   I also liked the way they serve the BBQ - on a paper lined tray with no plate.   Also if u want an intimate setting,  don't go here.   Once you get your food,  you go into the dining area which is filled with large picnic tables seating about 10 each so invariably,  you will have to sit with others.    I would not make a special trip to go back but would consider it if I'm in the area.
As visitors from the UK we're still quite new to this type of food but, as fans of Man v Food and Diners, Dives and Drive-thrus, we felt it was important to do a bit of research and find a decent BBQ joint. It took all of 20 mins to drive from Disney to this place on a Saturday. The queue was long and slowish but this added to the anticipation. It's weird when you come to Disney; everywhere is so clean and safe and sterile you feel as though you're travelling to the 'hood whenever you leave Disney property. Anyway, there were nine of us and we all had great food; a mix of ribs, sandwiches, kid hot dogs, pulled pork, sliced pork. The best was easily the sliced pork and dthe ribs. I thought the brisket was OK but I'd never had it before so couldn't really complain. I wish I'h had primed rib that they had on as a special. The french fries were easily the best we had in our entire stay. One true highlight was the staff; whoever we talked to was kind and friendly and happy to explain what was what to BBQ/southern food virgins. We even asked a youngish guy clearing up where the smoker was and he took us through the kitchens to see how everything was done. That was a definite highlight. The cofee and cakes and ice-creams were also good for after our meal. A definite recommendation.
Food is great... Line is long but goes quickly.
In Orlando, small family-owned food establishments are harder to come by than a crack rock at Cinderella's Castle so imagine my delight at stumbling across some of the best bbq I've had bar none. Four Rivers has one of the LARGEST cult followings of any food joint I've been to. Casual visitors of Orlando will no doubt  have noticed the myriad of Peace, Love, 4R bumper stickers adorning every vehicle in the 407 and beyond. 4R serves up the masses cafeteria line style so be prepared to wait in a Disney World-esque line as the joint begins to fill up with commuters, tourists, and college kids looking for a bargain around dinner time. Is it the pulled pork piled high upon brioche? The bushels of barbecued beans? The mounds of mac and cheese that slowly drive the masses into a food induced stupor day after day? Who knows...personally it was the Prime Rib cooked medium rare (if it ain't pink, it ain't right!), stacked generously atop a still warm roll with a side of horseradish on the side that made me a fan for life. As if that wasn't enough, 4R recognizes the importance of ending a meal right and duly serves "slices" of cake large enough to feed a village, cupcakes, cookies, and my personal favorite Banana Pudding. Are you KIDDING me!?! Sorry Mickey, but next time I'm in town I'm skipping the Kingdom and staking out my claim at one of 4R's picnic tables. 4R. Legit.
Great Brisket. Get here early for lunch the lines are long, but well worth the wait.
Two words to describe my dinner tonight -- utterly awesome.  I have gotten to-go orders from here at least a dozen times, but this was the first time I ate at the restaurant. There is usually a line to the street, but on this Monday night there were only two people in front of us, at 6:30p.  I couldn't believe it.  My husband said that's because no one eats out on a Monday night. :) I had the pulled pork sandwich, mac & cheese, and fried okra.  I love fried okra, but it is really difficult to find a place that cooks it just right.  I needs to be hot, crunchy and not greasy.  Four Rivers nailed it. Pulled pork and mac & cheese were both excellent. We easily found a place to sit and enjoy our dinner, and the wonderful breezy cool evening.   This is by far the best BBQ restaurant in Central Florida, and I've been to them all.
I finally tried Four Rivers and it definitely lived up to all the hype. Yum! I had a salad topped with the smokehouse turkey. I loved it. It was flavorful, juicy, and peppery (I love pepper!). I also tried a bit of the brisket which was delicious. The baked beans and mac and cheese are yummy as well. I definitely want to go back and try the bbq chicken. The desserts looked amazing and huge. I had a coconut cupcake from there once and it was delish. Very moist and bursting with flavor. There is a nice outside area where you can sit. There is not much parking so, be prepared for that if you go at a really busy time.
Amazing food, but always lines out to the street! Call your order in or go to the take out line and watch everyone else suffer! Or come right before before 11AM. The food is what you expect, but damn finely done. Their sides really set it off - which they have a TON of, and they'll sample for you. You get two with most things, three with full fledged dinners, and they're healthy sized. They have interesting sodas like cheerwine. Overall, totally great, especially if you live for pulled pork & brisket like me. But be prepared to build relationships as you wait in line for awhile.
Good smokey BBQ & yummy southern desserts. The banana pudding is insane.
As a young lass growing up in the flower fields of france, I ate a lot of barbeque. Unhealthy amounts.. This place really just puts all I've ever known to be good and kind into their BBQ. I've had the Pulled Pork and the Brisket and as we were waiting in line they even handed out "Burnt Ends" and it was a combo breaker of both pulled pork and brisket! Genius!!!!! +10 for whoever thought of that. Unfortunately I cannot rate this place a 5 stars, despite how slow cooked their pork is. Even this kind of food does not draw me into making more trips here. Why? Because environment. Honestly with all the hype building around this place I guess they don't have time to build any parking!! Also, the atmosphere is rather unruly. There are flies and stickiness everywhere. It's like shaking that little 5 year olds hand... except permanently. On top of that add an exponentiating factor of the Florida sun and what do you get? More of a hot mess than your first date. I guess I could remedy both solutions by ordering take out, but to each his own. With as much revenue 4 Rivers is bound to be making, make an A/C sit down section or at the very least enclose it in a lanai! I'm not sure why this hasn't been brought up if revolutionaries who create the "Burnt Ends" work there. P.S. For all you cheer wine fanatics, they have it on the fountain.
I really like 4R a lot. It's not the best BBQ that I have ever had, but it's pretty darn good! The corn and smoked bacon wrapped jalapenos are amazing! Yes, you have to wait in a long line, but it moves pretty quickly. The ribs are by far my favorite.
On a visit to Orlando, my group of friends highly recommend we stop doing whatever it was we were doing and head straight here. Straight wasn't exactly quick as this place is easily 30 minutes from the UCF area, but worth the drive. We saw the line waiting past the doorway, with my friends commenting on this being "good". Usually it is wrapped around the building. As we waited, I was handed a menu and told the norm is to change your mind about 4 times between the different meals, sandwiches and every single side sounds delicious. We were fortunate enough to get a pulled chicken sample, which didn't help in the decision process. As you get inside, you'll see the line, the soda fridge (full of sugarcane sodas) and the desserts. WHY MUST YOU TEMPT US! Eventually you get up and order your meats, which gets tossed to the next person who handles your sides to finally the counter where you pay. I ended up with the St. Louis style ribs, with an extra thing of brisket (heavy on the bark) and sides went sweet potato casserole, mac & cheese, fries and bread pudding (for dessert). And of course gulped down with their fantastic sweet tea. I was hungry enough to eat everything, but I did want some leftovers, so I played easy, devouring my ribs but leaving enough brisket for a snack. We also got an order of the fried oreos. Really good, but don't ever get an order by yourself - share with friends, or the people who you are sharing a bench with.
Excellent, it's bbq upscale and civilized.  Big portions, reasonable prices, friendly outdoor seating and bodacious desserts.  i'm getting hungry thinking about it---and I'm in NYC!
It's all true - Four Rivers Smokehouse is  AMAZING.  Like some of the BBQ you'll have anywhere.  It's incredible.  Like why can't they make this good of BBQ back in Texas?  It like makes me depressed to have reached BBQ nirvana knowing I may not have it ever again - be careful when you reach for the stars. What's also mind blowing are the side items - sweet potato mashed with nuts, baked beans with some kind of magic ingredients - wow!  The desserts - well, I didn't even have belly room - but they looked incredible (Red Velvet Cake cupcakes!). I had the Dirty Pig sandwich - pulled pork, slaw, pickels and jalepenos.  So yummy delicious.  Their BBQ sauce is also very tasty - some kind of sweet/spicy mix. Note, the word is out - this place was packed at 11am already on a Saturday.  Parking is very difficult.  But it's all worth it.  I'm going to try to eat their one more time before I leave Orlando. Four Rivers is A+ eats!
You gotta go.   Try going either right at 11 for lunch or by 4 for dinner.  The food is amazing.  Love the Pulled Pork, Prime Rib sandwich and the Ribs.  Also the Brisket I hear is great.  The sides are great a meal in themselves.   The Chilli is amazing.  Plus the best chocolate cake in town.  You just gotta try this place.
This place is worth the wait (the only reason I hadn't eaten here previously) Incredible BBQ, just the right amount of smoke, and my sides were delicious (fried pickles and mac n cheese) Only a few minor things I felt could have been better: My wife's fries were lack luster. I believe the oil needed to be changed in the fryer. Definitely go for the mac n cheese instead. The skin on my smoked chicken was floppy, I like it crisp. I'm a big carolina (mustard) style sauce guy, and i thought it could use more tang and less sweet. With that being said, there is no other BBQ place in town better!
The best BBQ in Orlando.
Tops in BBQ for Central Florida!!!  This place has the best BBQ...that is if you get the right thing.  I know there's tons of reviews so I'm going to keep it short.  Get the Messy Cow!  I know it's not on the menu but they know what it is.  Basically it's the Messy Pig with Beef Brisket instead of the Pulled Pork.  The brisket here is outta this world.  Also, if you can, save room for one of their desserts.  I try but ALWAYS fail. The only reason I give this place 4 stars is that's it's wayyy too small to contend with the public demand for this food every day.  Also, the line gets about 45 mins to an hour long during regular eating hours.  My recommendation is to get there around 11 am if going for lunch.  You'll only wait about 5 minutes in line.  By 11:15 am, the line grows to about a 20 minute wait.  Also parking is ridiculous.
I must say I was not wow'd by this place.   The meat was great.  I had a pulled pork sandwich and also tasted the brisket.  I went with bbq house basics and got the slaw and baked beans.  The slaw was good.  I think the beans were waay over done...too rich, too seasoned and seemed syrupy? or greasy? The logistics of this place is really not good...the parking...the line coming in and out of a single doorway.  We were there at 2pm on a Saturday and there was still a 20 minute wait and no place to sit.  They need to add more tables....and there's nothing more aggravating when there are people hovering over the seating area looking for a place to sit....and there are people who are finished with their meals just sitting there talking. I would probably give the MEAT 5 stars...but with everything else added in brings things down a couple of notches.
So a group of friends and I visited this place because we have read the outstanding reviews.  This review is based on my first time visit. First off, parking is hard to come by.  They do not have a large lot to park in.  People were parking in the neighboring...neighborhood, though there were plenty of "Do Not Park" signs.  We chose to park in the parking lot of the Church across the street. Next you have the ridiculous line.  It seemed very...cafeteria-like.  It exited the building and started at the street.  We waited in line for probably, 25 min.  When you order your food, you basically just let them know what you want, and they start piling it onto a tray, sliding it down to the next person, such as the "Side Item Girl."  The prices were moderate, so nothing to complain about. Once you get your food tray, you go back outside through the same door you were in line...which means the doorway is crowded with people waiting.  You head out back (it's all outdoor seating) and look for an empty spot at one of the picnic tables.  We lucked out and our group of seven were able to find an entire table for ourselves.  But it wasn't that great because it was next to the bathroom...which smelled absolutely awful. The food was...ok.  I had the pulled pork sandwich.  I finished it because it was actually pretty good.  But my sides - the green beans and the corn - weren't so much.  I had a few bites of each and passed it on down the table. Like I said, this was my first visit, and I plan on trying it out again.  With so many great reviews, I must be missing something here.  The atmosphere takes a bit getting used to, not to mention it being outdoors, I don't know how they'll do it in the Summer.
This is delicious bbq. I also recommend ordering ahead of time. There's no parking. Their side orders aren't amazing, but their meat is.
BOMB, and I don't even like BBQ that much. Can we replace Phils BBQ (in San Diego) with this place? Thanks! My bf and I shared the dinner plate and added extra meat, which was a great idea! It's just the right amount for two people. There's no way I could finish that plate on my own. We ordered the Brisket & Pulled pork with Jalapenos (wrapped in bacon), Mac & Cheese and Sweet Potato Casserole. YUMMMM!! I was really excited to try this place out because I've done my yelp research on the hot spots to eat at and this definitely lived up to the hype. The brisket was unbelievably soft!! That was my favorite over the pulled pork. The only lame thing is they only give two jalapenos and that's considered a side?! Ehh. Mac and cheese was just average and I didn't care for the sweet potato but my bf loved it. Stick to the brisket like everyone else says. Man I wish I could've came back here before I left. Guess I'll have to come back to Orlando in the future!!
Absolutely without a doubt the best BBQ in the Orlando area.  Burnt end sammy and the messy pig are two favorites.  Bacon wrapped jalapenos are a must and i also enjoy the banana pudding.  the line can be insane and thankfully 2 other locations have opened, but this one was always closest to me when i lived there.  parking can be a challenge as well, but always worth it.  sit down out back at a table with complete strangers and everyone is smiling and talking about the food.  if you enjoy BBQ, you'll find something on the menu.  a must try if you're in town or you live here.  can't wait to go back.
Finally made it to 4 Rivers!  To spare everyone a repeat of the majority of past reviews, I'll say just 1 word: "GO!"
I had the southern pulled pork sandwich and all I can say was it was AMAZING! Their sides are wonderful as well. I would definitely recommend 4 Rivers for anyway looking for delicious BBQ in the Orlando area.
Anytime you need to park at a church to handle the overload of an event usually ends up well. I have to thank the neighborhood church for letting us park close so we could enjoy this incredible spot. I had the smoked bacon wrapped jalapenos and the rest was a blur of awesomisity. I recommend the texas destroyer it had great heat and excellent balance of sweet. All the sides are great they have a nice collection of sodas too. It's the perfect spot for lunch. At the end of the incredible meal I was handed a velvet cake ice cream that was made behind me on a counter for free. Great service imaginative menu I just messed up not buying any sauce. Orlando has some really great chefs making great soul food. Our host was so thoughtful for taking me to this smokehouse it was just what I needed.
I'm very picky with BBQ, but 4 Rivers is pretty quality.  I ordered the brisket and burnt ends, with stuffed jalapenos, mac n cheese, and fried okra as sides.  The brisket was chopped and tender.  The bbq sauce was sweet which helped balance the saltiness of the rub on the brisket.  The burnt ends were a perfect combination of beef and pork.  I also got a kolache, but that was not warm and could use some work.  Overall a great bbq place.  And the cherry on top is a huge dessert selection ranging from cupcakes, shakes, cookies to cakes.
This is all hype! This place is doing good b/c if you have bad parking and a lot of $ you can have a successful restaurant in Winter Park. Also the cook started this organization at his church, got them all to invest and then wait outside and make this place look full. Skip this place and go to Blackwater in College Park or Bubbalous down the street!
A very special person will always have a very special place in my heart for introducing me to the awesomeness that is 4Rivers. I do not eat meat about 95% of the time, but always make an exception for this place. The sides and desserts are amazing and I drown myself in Cheerwine. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE.
4 Rivers Smokehouse will make all other barbecue places in Orlando obsolete.  The food is beyond delicious.  Trust me, if you go here, you will never go to a different BBQ place again. Their servings are generous and the sides are unbelievable.  Smoked jalapenos wrapped in bacon, sweet potato casserole, cole slaw, mac n cheese, and cheesy grits are just a few of the options.  They have many different sandwiches, but my favorite is the brisket sandwich.  A cook carves the brisket for you individually (often it is John Rivers, the owner); I recommend adding the sliced jalapenos.  Their ribs are delicious, cooked perfectly.  The dinner plates are huge and if one meat is not enough, you can add a side order of another meat.  Gotta love it, but if you are a vegetarian, don't even bother going there. :) Everytime I have been, there has been a line, ranging from 15-40 minutes, longer on weekends.  The first time I went I was hesitant to wait in a line, since I hate waiting on anything, but as my friend then said, trust me it is worth the wait. 4R also gives back a lot to the community.  Go to their website and read their story.  That alone is enough to warrant our patronage and support.
Out of the places I've visited for BBQ, this place in Orlando has everyone beat.  The sliders are a great way to sample different types of meat available.
Brisket brisket brisket brisket! I was a vegetarian for 15 years and one of my first stops when I gave it up was 4Rivers. I got the ribs and they were amazing, but since I've been back I've gotten the brisket every time. The brisket is THE BEST! My favorite sides are the mac and cheese and the baked beans. I also like the fried pickles, even though they're a little salty. They also have a huge selection of sodas, including Cheerwine, which is fun. They were giving out samples of their new homemade ice cream the other day and it was freaking unbelievable. I always resist their desserts, but they all look incredible. I need to go on a day of low willpower. The only reasons I didn't give this place five stars is because A. the parking sucks, B. sometimes it can be hard to get a seat, and C. I wish they had a fresher veggie option--the green beans and collards are cooked in ham hock (rightfully so) but it would make me feel a little more balanced to have some steamed veggies or fruit salad with my delicious barbecue. Of course, I realize people don't go here for health food and that I should just shut up. This place is amazing and I want to eat there every day.
Best BBQ I've ever had. There's a reason the line goes out the door even at odd hours. Everything I've had is fantastic (moist, tender, the sauce is great). With the large portions, I can even split a meal with someone. Also, the peppers in the cornbread is a unique twist.
OK, I am a big fan of BBQ and especially Pork BBQ. Next to ribs, pulled pork shoulder is the best. Now there is brisket which should be tender and juicy not dry and tough. These guys make the BEST brisket I ever had! I give out praise where it is due and criticism when its needed so don't think there is any bias in my review here. I tried the 2 meat meal with 3 sides. I had the guy add a little burnt ends to it and I had 3 different meats to try. Pulled Pork, Pulled Chicken (Excellent) and the Burnt Ends which is a mix of brisket and pork I think. The sides were corn, collards, and Fries. For desert we had deep fried oreos. Everything I tried I liked, I men, it was better than I expected. Now I like to eat pork ribs at Sonny's with a mess of fries, but this place beats everything else in town hands down. Dining is outside on comfortable picnic tables, staff was courteous and friendly, wait time was not too long even though the line was out the door. They have more soft drinks to choose from than 7-11. Stuff I never heard of before. I live near Altamonte Springs Mall and just found out they are opening another location very close to my house. I cannot wait. Finally found the holy grail of BBQ in Orlando!
It is so good that I broke my rule of not going to the same place twice in a week. Beef Briskets was excellent, sliced pork was very juice too. If only they have more parking spots around!
Great barbecue is a hard thing to come by. Yes, any Uncle Eddie can buy a propane grill and flop some pre-made store-bought burgers and chicken cutlets on there and call it barbecue. If you think that is BBQ, please leave. The first thing EVERYONE complains about is the line. Yes, it's long. Yes, every day. Get over it. In my dealings with restaurants such as these (BIG HINT!), go online, look at the menu, and... cue angelic choir... order by phone! Wow! There is a separate line for take out orders. If you really wish to sit in their outdoor seating area (only) whilst barbecuing yourself in the heat, be my guest. OK, that was to cover any possible inane gripe you may have that is not food related. Let's get to the GLORIOUS MEAT portion of this review. I have catered a couple parties and have eaten there a couple of times, so I have sampled a wide range of their delicious menu items. Always a big hit, the pulled pork melts in your mouth, without the need of dousing it with BBQ sauce. The ribs are just as tender, you can lick your fingers, I won't tell. If I ever had a love/hate relationship with a particular meat, it would be beef brisket. I don't know how they do it, I think I saw a bunch of tiny men in the back tenderizing the meat with pogo sticks. Regardless, if your main gripe with brisket has been tenderness, don't think twice. Sides, you guys! Delectable sides! Smoked jalapenos, Texas cornbread (with tiny bits of joyous jalapeno), sweet potato casserole, baked beans, and fried pickles (yes!) are all delicious. The only side I had that I didn't care for was the mac & cheese; it just seemed pretty generic, but some people like that. I have yet to try their adventurous sandwiches. Umm... The Messy Pig - pulled pork, 2 layers of slaw, pickles, jalapenos and sauce... what the WHAT!?! I know what I'm having for dinner tonight.
Food is good and the brisket is fantastic. The smoked turkey was OK. My biggest gripe is that parking sucks and when I called in to place an order for carryout I was assigned a pick up time that was 75 minutes later than when I called. Every time I've called Cecil's Texas Style BBQ they've been very prompt with their pick up times.
Great BBQ! You know this place is legit when it's 20 minutes to closing and pouring monsoons outside, yet the line is twenty people out the door.   I also loved the surprise free handmade ice cream in the barrel!
My wife and I went to Orlando this weekend and Sunday night we looked for a place to eat, after the reviews we headed for the Smokehouse but to our disappointment the place was closed at 8:00 pm. Lucky enough for us I decided to try them on Monday, we had the brisket by the pound and no review can come close to describe how good they are, and the prices can't be beat either 2 pound of brisket with cole slaw and french fries under $35.00. Parking wasn't that bad at 3:00 pm on Monday and the wait wasn't that bad either.
I wish they would open a location in Seminole Heights, FL!  A friend introduced this delicious BBQ joint to me while I was visiting and I have considered a trip back just for it ever since! There wasn't a thing that I tried that I didn't love.  The BBQ chicken, brisket, mac and cheese... all mouth-wateringly good.  My friend mentioned she was going there for lunch recently and it made me realize I have yet to find a comparable place anywhere in the Tampa Bay area.   You have to wait in line most days to get it - and we not only waited in line, but in the rain.  It's a short wait to walk through and order and the proceed to the picnic tables in the dining room.   If you are in Winter-Park - you MUST stop in here!
OMG! What great BBQ! It's well worth the wait. I recommend the brisket and pulled pork. It's pricey but very good BBQ. The desserts are okay but I would recommend coming here only for BBQ.
From chicago and we came w doubts knowing it's hard to compare to smoque. Pleasantly surprised.  Best ribs ever!!!...according to my husband. I liked the brisket best because it was very tender which is hard to find for a brisket.  All sides were delicious- the biggest hit was the corn but we also liked the creamy coleslaw, and sweet baked beans, but beware of the bacon jalapeños- super spicey! Silly thing to comment on but I liked the cherry coke from the fountain. My mom put it best when she said "everything's so good there really isn't a best". Krispy Kreme bread pudding? Seriously?!?! Seating is outdoors on picnic tables, which allowed us to meet and chat w other tourists.  We didn't have room for dessert so bought some cupcakes for later- cant wait to try them.
We've driven by this place so many times and there's always a long line.  Obviously it's a very popular place so I decided to give it a try for lunch one day with my 93 year old mother.  The food we ordered looked yummy but something really important has been overlooked at this eatery.  The women's rest room is within a few feet from the tables where you eat and the "odor" from the restroom was so strong that it was difficult to enjoy our meal. My mom was the first to notice and as much as I wanted to think she was just imagining things I have to admit she was right about the "bad" smell. My mother notices everything...I'm thinking she should hire herself out as a restaurant critic.
I basically got dragged here one day... I don't eat pork, so I was loathe to go to a barbecue joint. It turned out to be a great experience though. One word of warning: our driver's GPS sent us to a building with a sign for 4 Rivers, but the business appeared closed with police tape around the door. Things didn't look so good for a second there. A little research, however, made us realize the business had simply moved down the street... the move must have been somewhat recent, as the correct location seemed newly constructed and very nice. You're funneled into a winding line to order (this was at a Friday at about 5 PM, for reference), so the wait was a little long. You place your order at the counter, and they load up your tray right in front of you. Next to the line, the restaurant has a large assortment of... craft non-beers? Micro non-brews? I don't know what to call them... you get a wide choice of multiple sarsaparillas, root beers, orange sodas, etc. They also have traditional fountain drinks too. The food is typical barbecue fare: pork, beef, and chicken, prepared a variety of ways. The selection of sides is extensive and should suit most any taste. They basically throw a piece of butcher paper on a plastic tray, and that's your "plate." It's a little strange, but it works. There's a dessert cooler right next to the register... word of warning: don't buy anything for dessert yet. A) You're going to be stuffed, and B) there's an entire mini-sweet shop/bakery right around the corner from the register that has every dessert you could buy at the register and more. Wait and get your dessert there. Seating is at large tables with benches, and I seem to recall a few booths. There's also outdoor seating, for those masochists who volunteer to go outdoors in Florida. I'm glad I'm not a local... I'd eat here often and weigh 300 lbs.
This is my favorite b-b-que place in all of Orlando.  Went there today and they have a new item on their menu.  The tri-tip sandwich. My husband is from central California and this is a popular item there. We have trouble finding this cut of meat on the East Coast. My husband thought it was amazing. I loved it too...but he's the tri-tip expert!  So, 4river lovers please try the new item.
If you are looking for great bbq ribs, and smoke meat in orlando this is your place. The meat in this place is delicious and the staff nice. I recommend the st. louis bbq ribs, the brisket and the smoke chicken. They make their own bbq sauce and its great. There is not table service. You need to order your food at the front and find an available table to sit. The staff is very accomodating and nice. I highly recommend this place! Yenny
YUM! I was pleasantly surprised to have finally found some very good barbecue. We ordered the pulled pork, chicken, and brisket sliders. We also ordered a pulled pork quesadilla. The puled pork, chicken and brisket were all tender and very flavorful.  The sauce had the perfect blend of sweet and tanginess. The bread was soft and complimented the flavors of the meats. The BBQ beans were thick, sweet, and tangy. The corn bread was OK, I would have preferred mine without the jalapeños pieces. The collard greens were a bit too bitter for me. The stuffed jalapeños with cheese and bacon were too HOT for me, the potato salad was creamy and full of goodness.The green beans were tender and well seasoned. The sweet shop was mazing. Had the grasshopper cupcake! OMG! The frosting to cake ratio was perfect. The cake was moist and the minty chocolate frosting was not too sweet. Pure perfection! I would definitely come back!!!!! DELISH!!
Oh my, oh my. I tried this place tonight and will NEVER be the same. The pulled pork is the best I ever ever had, EVER. I also tried the ribs and the turkey they were fall off the bone good. The sides are amazing too!! I loved the mac n cheese, collard greens (not many people do greens right in Orlando), corn bread salad, and baked beans. I did not care for the fried pickles or grits. I topped my night in smokehouse heaven off with the incredible banana pudding. I WILL BE BACK. I WILL NOT BE ABLE TO STOP THINKING ABOUT THE PULLED PORK FOR A LONG TIME!!
I've heard this place described as "BBQ crack" -- and that is on point! The most absolutely delicious, tender, perfectly-seasoned barbecue I have tasted in all of Orlando can be found right here at 4 Rivers. The pulled pork sandwich is definitely a staple for me and hubby loves the ribs. But one of my favorites is the Six Shooter, which piles pulled pork, coleslaw and jalapenos atop cheesy grits and it's all covered with the most delicious BBQ sauce ever! I can't believe I ate the whole thing! Sides are also fantastic -- the sweet potato casserole is almost like a dessert in itself! This place is not to be passed up. Don't let the long line outside the building drive you away. They'll soon be opening in a much bigger space just down the street. I can't wait to see them come to the east side of Orlando!!! It's gotta happen soon, right?
