Was warmly greeted upon arrival and sat at the bar for a nice Pale Ale. Was deciding what to eat when someone came out of the kitchen with samples of some items he was creating. He offered all employees a taste. They marveled at how good it was. I was the only customer at the bar at that time and was ignored. What a great opportunity for this new place to be inclusive and allow me to sample the food creation as well. There I sat, feeling excluded and hungry. I finished my beer and left hungry, off to one of my favorite inclusive food joints that would never do this. Seems like a "hipster" place.  And hipsters are a little bizzaro. Brooding, elitist, spoiled children, born with money and computers yet spindly, unhealthy bodies and mad about something. Sort of a cross between a hippie and a yuppie.  Not a good combo. Ill try it one more time and keep you posted.
I was looking forward to stopping by the Smiling Bison since I heard that they were opening. Unfortunately, I was a bit bummed with the food and prices. My husband and I always share meals. We're just not big eaters, so we decided to split the bison burger and right before the waiter was about to finish taking our order, something told me to add on the pork cheek tamale appetizer, so I did. The pork cheek tamale ($9) came out and I was surprised. It looked beautiful but there was only one and  at 4 inches x 1.5 inches it was pretty small for a $9 plate! It was warm, but not hot, needed more filling and a lot less dough and the dough was in need of seasoning. The sauce was great though and the fried cheese cubes were a nice touch. Just not worth $9 :( The bison burger ($13) was really good, cooked a perfect mid rare. But it was literally the size of a kids meal cheeseburger - circumference wise. I cut it in half and we polished it off in literally 3 bites. It came with a pickled watermelon salad that was a great accompaniment, but again - NOT worth $13. With 2 beers and what we ate we left with a $40+ check (after tip) and we were still hungry. I have no problems dropping $100+ on a great meal. I do it all the time... But we probably won't be back. It just wasn't at that level for me.
The Smiling Bison is awesome!  If you've been to the building before (the old Redlight) you will definitely recognize the space.  The bar looks the same, but they did a great job setting up the tables to make the layout feel like a restaurant instead of an old bar. They change their menu regularly, but you can bet you'll find something you'll love.  I tried the bison burger (without bun) and absolutely loved it!  I heard a woman at a nearby table tell the server that her entrée was "the best meal of her life."  You know it's good when you hear professions like that. Smiling Bison didn't neglect the beer scene, either. They have a bunch of solid craft beers on tap, as well as a very good selection of bottled beer.  You can tell they carefully hand-picked their varieties, just like they do with their meats and produce.  Everything that comes out of this restaurant is superb.
The Smiling Bison Restaurant & Bar The Smiling Bison opened this week. It takes over the old Redlight Redlight space on Bennett Road in Orlando across from The Roxy nightclub. Chef Josh Oakley formerly of Ravenous Pig and Enzian founded this restaurant with the theme of house made sausages and kielbasas, but as you'll see from the menu it's much more than that, lots of great food and beer selections and not just a sausage party. The space has been painted and redecorated very nicely the only remnants from the old Redlight are in the mens room, one of the walls still has all those old beer ads and posters, it's nice to remember your history. The staff was all dressed up in their signature Smiling Bison shirts and the decor has a nice uniformity and the chosen light brown/tan is a calming color choice. A stage is set up in the back corner for bands and I'm sure the Cook Trio, a mainstay from the olden days, will be making some appearances. The also have a great outdoor patio with picnic tables so you can watch the world go by or have a smoke. Parking always has and will be a hassle on busy nights, their actual lot can only fit about 10 cars but the street behind it along the curb and in the dirt there is usually a space to be found. I don't recommend parking in the Boston Market parking lot or the doggie day care, just to avoid being towed. The beer menu is small but lots of good choices, sometimes 100 beers to choose from can be too overwhelming. It's nice to focus on a dirty dozen or so and really find which one is your favorite. Also you should notice that they are serving Cask & Larder beers by local brewer & beer guru Ron Raike (Orlando Weekly Article orlandoweekly.com/dining…) The evening I attended the full kitchen was not up and running but it should be by this Tuesday the next day they are open, closed Sunday and Monday. I believe the hours are going to be Tues-Thurs 5-midnight, Fri-Sat 5pm-2am. The sausages are all made in house and each of them is served with a side selection of your choice, Watermelon Basil Salad, Lemon Kale Salad or house made BBQ potato chips. Some of the other menu items I didn't get a picture of or that weren't served were the Soft Pretzel, people seemed to love this. Also they will be serving pizzas, the Duck Pizza sounds especially great. You can see pictures of these on their Facebook page. facebook.com/thesmilingb… Some menu selections: Poutine $7 - Crispy potato wedges, gravy, cheese curds, pickled Maitake mushrooms Pickled Red Hots - these seemed to cause some confusion with lack of description on the menu, they were served room temperature and had a great smokey flavor Curry Wurst $10 - Sweet curry Sausage, mushroom ketchup, caramelized onions Buffalo Chicken Dog $10 - Chicken Sausage, Frank's Hot Sauce, blue cheese, pickled carrots
Great prices on excellent food. Very highly suggested are their version of poutine and the bison meatball.  The poutine features thick cut potato wedges fried crisp, drizzled with an excellent mushroom white gravy, topped with a pickled mushroom and fresh cheese curd. I was ecstatic to find someone in Central Florida attempting poutine! A local food  truck did a version last year but it featured (house-made) Ricotta on top - the curds are essential!  The bison meatball is well seasoned and served atop spaghetti squash with pomodoro sauce and parmesan - simply unbelievable! The space was most recently occupied by Red Light Red Light (their second location) and they've cleaned it up nicely, though haven't gone over the top in design, which is kind of nice - they're focusing on the food and it shows. I'm super stoked there's a new restaurant that's on par food-wise with the well known gastro-whatever places in town (which I love, too) but is cheaper and more of a weekly kind of spot as opposed to the special occasion only affairs those other places have priced themselves to be.
We had a promising first visit - the food was great and the service was perfect. We ordered bison burgers, fish dip, the pretzel pudding and the beignets inspired dessert . Our server was very knowledgeable and very attentive, he was always happy to explain the ingredients and where they came from. When we arrived on a Wednesday night they had a guitarist playing great ambient music. Framed artwork decorate the walls and the layout is pretty much exactly how Redlight Redlight was previously arranged. Of course, you can expect a very "hipster" Portlandia atmosphere but it's not stuffy in a way that you can't enjoy the experience. I personally wouldn't order the beignet-style dessert again, only because I felt like it was over-fried to the point of being nearly burnt. I would definitely order the bison burger again and the watermelon salad was a refreshing and surprising combination. My husband and I agreed we'd be back again very soon to try more of the menu!
I was looking forward to checking out The Smiling Bison. This new local eatery is over on Bennett Rd. where Redlight Red Light was once housed. This location is walkable for me and I was eager to find out if this would be a place I would enjoy frequenting. I stopped by on Saturday when they were having a soft opening. We met up with a bunch of friends who were just as eager to check it. The hubs and I bellied up to the bar and met a few of the staff who we found to be quite welcoming. We chatted with the a bit while browsing over the craft beer menu. There isn't a long list of beers but there are plenty of decent options; many I had never tried. I started out with a glass of Brooklyn Blast. Once our friends started to arrive we took over a large table in the back. The Smiling Bison is cozy with brown adoring the walls; we heard there will be some art hung up soon. You'll find a number of tables scattered about the restaurant along with some tables on the patio. The bar also has seating for about ten. Saturday was a soft opening so the kitchen was not open, but they were serving up food on the cart outside. Bryan and I split a Caraway Pretzel and an Italian Sausage. We opted for the Basil Watermelon Salad for our side with the sausage. Everything was delicious. The salad was perfect for a summer evening, it was so flavorful! The sausage was fantastic and I really liked the pretzel, but I found the cheese sauce that went with it to be ok. I looked at what our friends were eating, and some of their other sandwiches looked just as tasty too. I heard great things about the Breakfast for Dinner Dog; that seemed to be a popular choice at our table. My only complaint is that the noise level it a tad much.  With the air conditioning running it makes it hard to hear all those sitting at your table. We had a great evening eating some local food and drinking some craft beers. Being with friends while enjoying it all made it even better. I look forward to many visits to come!
I was excited to see the trasformation this place had undergone and heard good things about the menu, however I have to say I was sorely disappointed and heres why: I'll start with the food... started with the poutine, it was hearty and more than enough for two to share. I'm a huge fan of duck and was rather excited to try the Duck Boudin as it would be a first for me. When it came out I was confused as there was a large bed of lettuce and a single sausage link....so you mean to tell me I am paying $14 for that?! Once I actually got to taste it I was even more let down as it was underseasoned and rather bland. As mentioned before I have never tried this dish before so in their defense I have no point of reference. ..maybe that's how it's supposed to taste? The wait staff was lovely though, a little intense but very friendly and eager to help. Beer selection was decent and the sandwiches looked good so maybe that's what I'll go with next time, if there is a next time.
My fiance and I decided to have dinner here yesterday after seeing the awesome Yelp reviews. We are so glad we did! This restaurant is in a blink-and-you'll-miss-it location across from a residential area and next to a night club. Had I not seen the reviews, I would have missed it altogether. We were seated right away and provided with excellent service the entire night. Our server was so friendly and you could tell he was genuinely enthusiastic about the food The Smiling Bison serves its customers. We started off with a delicious soft pretzel, served hot with a mustard and beer cheese sauce on the side. To die for! For dinner, I had the Buffalo Chicken Dog, a chicken sausage served on a slightly crispy bun with pickled carrots, blue cheese, and hot sauce. Sounds totally bizarre, but was absolutely amazing. I expected a sausage with blue cheese crumbles on top, but that wasn't it at all. It was perfectly cooked, so flavorful. I believe I read they make their sausage in house, and it shows. It came with a side of homemade BBQ chips and pickle slices. My fiance loved his bison burger, served with smoked provolone, house bacon, and ketchup. I loved our whole experience here, and I'll definitely be back. The prices were very reasonable and the service was fantastic. Everyone was so nice and helpful. Definitely try this place out and tell your friends when you do! They deserve to be serving a full house of people every night. :)
They've done a good job converting the old RLRL building into a restaurant atmosphere -- it's the same small size but it feels more comfortable,  not too tightly packed. They serve the Cask & Larder Five Points here, an excellent IPA that I was happy to see. We ordered the poutine to start, which was delicious. It's not the standard Québec comfort food (and as such may not pass muster to relocated Québécois looking for a taste of home), but sort of a smaller, appetizer-sized "elevated" variety that you'd expect from a gastropub. I ordered the Duck Lover's Pizza as my main course, because I do. The pizza is a good size for one person, and really hit the spot in the flavor department. It's served with a duck egg in the middle, perfectly cooked with a yolk that you can break and dip your slices into as you eat. It's a beautiful thing.
I would like to give it 5 stars, and I honestly would call it a 4.5 if given the chance.  We tried a few different things on our trip.  To start we had the Soft pretzels and separately, the Poutine appetizers.   The Pretzels were soft and tasty as expected.  The sauce that comes with them was amazing.  It was a beer and cheese sauce, with a name that I cannot recall.  For anyone that has had the beer munster cheese soup at the big bear brewing company, it is similar to that. The Poutine was quite good, all the flavors were there, and the cheese curds were fresh.  I would have liked a little more gravy on mine, and I am sure I could have asked for it. I got the Duck Lovers Pizza.   I am a Duck Liker, not quite a lover, but I went for it anyway.  It was very good.  The duck was cooked perfectly and there is a wonderful duck egg cracked in the center of the pizza that gave you something to dip in. The little Lady got the Bison Burger, which I have to say, I am jealous of.  She was kind enough to share it with me, and it was Amazing!  They recommend that you get the burger medium rare, and that's what we did.  The burger was wrapped with some delicious texas toast with the crust removed.  Without question, I would recommend this burger to anyone. The only thing really stopping me from giving this place a better vote would be the atmosphere.  The building used to be a bar, and that is still quite evident, and the bathrooms could really use some love.
Had an amazing time at the soft opening tonight.  There is seating inside at the bar and tables and outside there are a few tables as well.  I really enjoyed all of the food.  Service is top notch!   The duck pizza was so good and had a thin and crispy crust.  I had a pint of cigar city jai alai as well.  They have some great craft beers as well as wine available.   The watermellon salad is so refreshing and light.  The potato chips are crisp and golden but a little too salty for my taste.  The bison burger I ordered medium rare was cooked perfectly and I ended my meal with a delicious donut!   I'm looking forward to many more nights here!
The building was previously the home of Redlight Redlight and they pay homage to that fact by keeping some of the Redlight branded stuff around. I thought this was a nice touch. Everything is made in house except for the sweet potato fries and this all shows in their food. I've had a few meals so far but I don't think I can pick a favorite. I can however say that the ham steak is delicious. What actually caught me by surprise was how damn good the watermelon salad was. It came on the side and I thought nothing of it and then I tried a piece. It was one of the most refreshing side dishes I've ever had with a meal and is something I would go back for just by itself.
Farm to table concept. Food is amazing and the staff are some of the friendliest people in Orlando! The best part for me is that they are now open for lunch. Highly recommend this place!
The smiling bison is the kind of place where  I would like to spend my hard earned cash.  It's locally owned and they try and use locally supplied and sustainable products as much as possible.  Good for the local economy and good for the environment. :)  I would like to give the Smiling Bison 4 stars based on the food tastiness and service, but because of the amount of food/cost ratio, I'm afraid I have to go with 3 stars. I had the pumpkin soup and my husband had the smoked kielbasa.  Both were very tasty, but we felt 8$ for a bowl of soup which did not come with any bread and $11 for a rather small kielbasa, with a small amount of string fries, and a pickle toothpick, we felt it was way overpriced.
After driving by The Smiling Bison almost every day for work, I finally decided to give it a go last night. I'm really glad I did! When we got there, there was a short wait, so we sat at the bar and ordered drinks. They have rotating craft-y beer draughts, which at least for now include Dogfish Head Pumpkin Ale (yum!). The bartender was nice and attentive. We weren't there long enough to ask any questions about beers or wines available since we both knew what we wanted. Our wait was pretty short; we were seated just minutes after I paid for the beers. For dinner, we both ended up having the bison burger. Beware if you're a big eater: it is not a large burger. For me, it was the perfect size though. The Texas toast that it is served on is not the traditional, thick sliced toast, but rather thin slices (without crusts). There is definitely more meat than bread. The watermelon basil salad was the perfect side, as it was extremely refreshing along with the burger. The two gripes I have are the noise level and the awful napkins. The burger has enough aioli and ketchup on it that it's a messy sandwich, and they have these dinky little brown napkins from a dispenser on each table. Normally, even with messy foods, I get away with 1 good napkin and maybe 1 supplementary napkin, but I must have gone through 10 of those dinky little brown excuses for napkins! I can definitely say that I'll be back in the future. The wait staff was really nice and friendly, even if a bit over attentive. The food was delicious. Their beer selection was good. Next time, I look forward to trying the duck pizza, or any other duck dish!!
Ok,  just walked in,  Funky,  and I mean funky,  total  Diners Drive in and Dives type.   Waiter is John w/a J he always said,  amazing waiter.   He is just cool,  great vibe with him,  passionate is a good word,  yet laid back.   OK,  in to the food.   We got the Grouper Cheeks New England style roll,  and the Bison Burger.  Both were excellent.   Great place,  not like your norm,  which I think is awesome.   Loved it!
Delicious ... We loved it! We will come back and try ... The whole menu ... Little by little bc it is worth it! Ron is so nice and brandy out server was perfect! We really appreciate this kind of places... Music was amazing as my daughter enjoyed as we were discussing the diff instruments played ... Perfect place! No regrets. We had the duck pizza, the fungi pizza, the octopus, the poutin, smoked bratwurst sandwich, bacon cookies, custard and French press coffee ! OMG all perfect !!! Thank you!
After our fourth visit to The Smiling Bison, I finally decided to write a review. I am always glad when places like The Smiling Bison open in Orlando, instead of another chain restaurant. Our first visit was during their soft opening, and even though the kitchen was not fully operational at the time, the food from the cart was fantastic! Since then, my lady and I have visited three times, and it seems that each time we visit, the experience gets better. The food is excellent, to say the least. We have tried the bison meatball, the scallop hush puppies, and the media noche sandwich; all of them great. But two dishes stand out in my opinion. Anything made with their curry wurst, whether it is a pizza, or a sandwich, and their pickled shrimp. That is correct, pickled shrimp. I was hesitant at first, but it is a delicious appetizer, and a must for lovers of anything pickled. The bar has a good selection of craft beers. Grant Gentry, the bar manager, and his staff are very friendly and eager to answer any questions you may have. Questions such as "is the pickled shrimp good?". Grant has indicated that there will be a Cigar City beer dinner coming soon, so it will be another good reason to return. In addition, there is live music in certain nights. The Smiling Bison is a great place to eat a good dinner and drink great craft beer. And I hope that the Smiling Bison is there to stay for a long, long time.
Recommended by friends at work, I went last night with my cousin.  What a find!  Loved the food, friendly staff and live music.  Not so impressed with the decor but once the chicken liver mousse passed my lips it all faded away.  Bison carpaccio and octopus something or other and I was more than glad to be there. Then and only then, the bacon fat chocolate chip cookies with cinnamon whipped cream showed up to finish the meal.  I'll be back and send others too!
I like to keep things short and sweet, so I'll say this: The food is, especially for pub fare, AMAZING. The beer selection: quantitatively is adequate, qualitatively is very good. The value, while not cheap, is there.  For the taste, quality, and friendly staff (and patrons!), there are far worse ways to spend your time and money. I thoroughly enjoyed my visit to this place, and will be returning, with at least a friend or two.
I've heard a lot of buzz lately about this foodcart-turned-restaurant, so I was excited to check it out. The remodel from the old Redlight Redlight days was very welcome: a fresh coat of paint and some brighter lighting makes the whole place seem larger and more inviting than before. The beer selection is good, with lots of craft brews available. Most importantly, the food was very delicious. I ordered a kale salad, along with the shrimp roll. My only problem is that the portion sizes are very small compared to the price: $12 for a "shrimp roll" turned out to be maybe half a dozen small shrimp on a folded piece of Texas toast. Even though it tasted great, it certainly was not my idea of "value". The service throughout my meal was excellent, with multiple people (not just our specific server) checking in on us to see if everything was good. Some may not like this level of attention, but I found it just right. Although I think the food is very good, I think the owner is aiming a little high with the pricing relative to portion size. This is bordering on tapas style dining, but with only a dozen dishes to choose from, you'll be spending quite a bit per meal and leaving hungry. Still, it's worth checking out for the quality, but I don't plan on returning.
Great little restaurant in a out of the way area. Staff was super friendly. Food is fresh and made there even the sausage. Menu is changed up once a week. I got the bison burger and fries witch was awesome. They also brought me two kinds of homemade ketshup to try. Indoor and outdoor setting area. Just a nice place to go to try something new.
Very nice relaxing place with live music some nights.  My server was John, he was very helpful and friendly.   I'm a fan of a good pretzel, unfortunately the ones the offer in their after night menu feel old and the sauce is wayyyy to powerful.  John recommended the burger with an egg on top. I can really say it was delicious and I really enjoyed it. And for course I always go back because they have a great beer selection.
Good food, good beer. Nice experience and I would come back. Ordered the burger. Egg was runny like I like it. Fries were pretty Salty. Might want to ask for no salt (and I like salt). Large selection of beers. The fried Scottish egg wasn't soft boiled.. Would have liked that runny. Parking can be a challenge, but just aim for the main paved lot.
No need to pile on - my rating really says it all - I'm a fan. Eaten here twice and both times the food was awesome. The bison burger is one of the best, juiciest, most flavorful burgers I've ever had. People are complaining it is small which is kind of sad since at 6oz it is actually a decent portion. On each visit we tried the scotch egg. The first time it was enveloped in a house made chorizo, the second time a house made kielbasa. I loved them both. I loved the chorizo the most. Duck pizza? Yup it is all that and more. Fried chicken? Really crispy and juicy and good. It comes drizzled in honey - so its sweet - and tastes like honey. If you don't like honey like a certain person to whom I am related by marriage ;) you might want to ask them to skip the drizzle. The chocolate peanut butter pretzel bread pudding is not as over the top as it sounds. There was less chocolate than we would have liked for our taste and the bread component was actually not as obviously a pretzel as we had hoped for. Yet it was still bread pudding, with peanut butter and some chocolate. We ate it all. They take reservations. I recommend you make them - getting a table at prime dinner time can be a challenge without one.
Absolutely outstanding food. We started out with an order of poutine. Their poutine was a fairly unique interpretation of the ultimate Canadian comfort food and I was a little wary of it, but it turned out to be amazing. The same goes for the soft pretzel "bar food" appetizer. For dinner I had the shrimp meatball with squid ink pasta, and that was equally good. The dessert though was the highlight. It was a bread pudding with strawberries, chocolate, and was big enough that two people could easily split it. The service was a little on the slow side, but everyone was very friendly and happy to cater to a few of our more unusual requests. Plus they made some excellent recommendations, and know a thing or two about pairing up beers with their meals. I'm already dying to go back.
Been seeing great reviews and figured we had to check it our for ourselves. I got the bison burger and my wife had the duck pizza. They were both amazing. The food, beer, and staff were all great. Highly recommend.
Stopped in last night after running the 5K in Baldwin Park.  The only reason I mention that is because I was starving, and I could've probably eaten anything, but thank god I remembered that I'd been wanting to try the nearby Smiling Bison.   We started with drinks and the carraway soft pretzels (w spicy beer cheese - so ridic! - needed seconds).  And for entrees we ordered the Bison burger and the House-made Meat pizza.   Bison Burger (5/5) - Amazing!  It was cooked to perfection.  When I ordered it, the server (Morgan, who was also awesome) immediately let me know that the chef recommended Medium-rare, and even though that's how I would've ordered it, it was reassuring that the chef knew the best way to prepare such a good, but potentially dry protein.  At this point my expectations were a little higher, but the food and the experience completely delivered. The meat lovers pizza (5/5) - delicious!  At first I thought it sounded too 'greasy', but it was also done exceptionally well and did an impressive job balancing such strong flavors.  It actually was not greasy at all - the house-smoked bacon, ham, and Italian sausage added such great depth of flavor without all the grease.  Lastly, the almost forgotten ingredient, the pickled banana peppers were the perfect complement to all the meats.   Excellent draft beer selection, and if something wasn't on draft, it was likely available in can or bottle.  This morning I couldn't stop thinking about the food, which is always a good sign.  I will definitely be back, and likely trying the Duck lovers pizza.
I love supporting new businesses, especially when they have a good selection of microbrews.  We started out with the Bison Burger, though I am not sure what the bison was smiling about considering the menu, perhaps because the burger was a mere nick off of it's hide.  The portions are a bit small, which I actually applaud, if they weren't priced the same as considerably larger meals.  Although the menu was small there was a tough time selecting a course to go with.  There is no kids menu yet, but they offered a grilled cheese or cheese pizza for my daughter.  The service was great and we enjoyed our food.  One thing I liked was that the servers also checked in on tables that were not theirs.   Overall, a go for the taste, but be prepared to pay more for less.
I first came here for their soft opening a couple months ago. It was a great opening and I really enjoyed the Lemon Kale Salad and French Toast Sausage they were making out their food cart (their kitchen wasn't ready at the time. Their beer selection was also great. If I was just reviewing the soft opening and what I ate, I would have given 5 stars. I went a couple times afterward and I noticed those items weren't available again (not that I was going to order the same food). They had a different Kale salad this time, described as a Caesar. This is the menu description: "KALE CAESAR SALAD - pickled egg, lemon vinaigrette, shaved cheddar, fried white anchovies, capers". I love kale, but this salad was too tangy for me and turned me off. I really loved the original Lemon Kale Salad from the soft opening. This new salad, listed under the Plates section, was a very small portion, which I feel should go under the bar snacks. On the next visit I had the Bison Bolognese. It was a nice filling hefty portion. The downside is it was very salty. Even though it had some great tastes to it, I just couldn't get over the saltiness. Maybe I can ask them not to put as much salt next time. Their Caraway soft pretzel was excellent, with real caraway, not some artificial stuff. Its description says spicy beer, but it wasn't spicy at all. I want to go back to try their other entrees, such as their  Duck Lovers pizza and braised chicken thighs. I hope my pallet agrees more with these and allows me to elevate the star rating. I still really enjoyed their beer selections on all 3 visits. And the staff is very helpful and friendly.
I've been to this restaurant 5 times.  The food is fantastic.  Last night, we had the sockeye salmon ($22), which is flown in fresh daily.  It was the best salmon I've ever had-seared perfectly-not mushy or covered in grease.  It was topped with fresh corn and okra.  Amazing.  I would give this place 5 stars BUT when I go to dinner, I like to enjoy a nice glass of wine.  My husband and I , each, ordered a red meritage ($11 a glass).  The waitress poured a splash of wine in each glass.  I complained to her and she said you only get 5 1/2 ounces.  It looked like 3 oz.  I don't enjoy fighting with a waitress when I go out so I sucked it up and paid $22 for 2 splashes of wine.  I can't think of any other restaurant that I've ever been too that gave me such a small pour.  I will still go back to this restaurant because the food is outstanding.  If you like to enjoy a glass of wine with your meal,beware of the waitress with the attitude.
I was first introduced to The Smiling Bison at The Festival of Bacon. I walked around the entire venue before deciding to spend the remainder of my "bacon bucks" at The Smiling Bison's tent. I ordered the BLT Biscuit -  It was a bacon fat biscuit with fried pork belly, tomato jam, bacon vinaigrette, and bacon mayo. It was DELISH! I'd never had pork belly before and I am now a fan. I wish it had been bigger, more like a full sized sandwich, but I was still very happy with my purchase. Despite the issue of the Festival of Bacon I was glad I went because I would never have known about The Smiling Bison. I will definitely be checking out their restaurant in Baldwin Park soon.
THIS IS HOW IT IS DONE, ORLANDO!! This is what local food is all about. The atmosphere is relaxed and funky with tons of local art on the walls of a former dive bar and a friendly, fun wait staff with just enough attitude to be fun. The menu is gourmet, eclectic but approachable - the poutine and bison burgers and carpaccio and bread pudding were all stars at our table. We need more places like this. Or I just need to eat here all the time.
The food was excellent. We had a cheese pizza for my son. It was delicious. I had the shrimp and grits, yummy! It was a shrimp sausage and grits pancake. Plus, we had the pretzel with beer dip as a appetizer. Nice and soft and the beer cheese was delicious. My husband ordered the meat lovers pizza. He wanted to have as many of their in house meats as he could in one sitting. Everything was tasty. A big plus is their craft beer selection!  The service was excellent. We can't wait to return. We have now been several times and each time the menu is different. We love the new selections and rotating craft beers. One of our favorite spots! The service is always great too.
We went to Smiling Bison with friends to enjoy time together with great food.  And we were not disappointed.  I shared the Bison tenderloins with a friend and they were delish.  We are both gluten free and the happily substituted the pasta for roasted vegetables.  How nice!  Very tasty.  It isn't a huge meal but none of us were overly hungry. My husband got the bison burger with the egg on top and that was tasty!!  Also the watermelon salad was to die for. The service was also very good and the water server kept our glasses full, which I really appreciate.  We will go back again!
Found this out of the way gastropub while in orlando on business. Started out with the scotch egg which was awesome. Also highly recommend the shrimp meatballs; trust me it's mind blowing. The duck confit/sausage pizza was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. Prices were reasonable for such high quality food.
Came here for some late night food on our way home from the Amway. Decided to give it a try because it is right down the street from my apartment and I had heard good things. Plus, it was one of the only places open past 10p (besides fast food joints.) We decided to split the bison burger and it was DELICIOUS. Even my boyfriend, who is a burger snob, was giving the burger rave reviews and wanted to order another one of his own. It was cooked to perfection and the salt and vinegar fries were the perfect accompaniment. Throw in some delicious wine for me and craft beers for the boyfriend, and an awesome live band...we were in heaven! We will definitely be returning. Don't be fooled by the exterior! This bright orange building houses some delicious food, wine, beer (and live entertainment, at least on this particular Sat night.)
This is the best restaurant I have eaten at outside of a NYC, Chicago, SF, or Miami in forever. The food is creative and familiar. Beer selection is top notch. The chef is truly a "chefs chef". I will be back every chance I get and will let everyone know about last nights dinner. Thanks for doing it right.
Thank you, Yelpers! Excellent service, food and beers (from the late night menu, I tried the hush puppies for appetizers, the grouper cheek and bison burger sandwiches). Also, they had live music!
Incredible food in unpretentious surroundings; the Audubon Park Garden District just gets better and better. Although the menu rotates with the season, and locally sourced ingredients, some items featured year around. Try the duck pizza: duck confit, sausage, and ham, a sprinkling of pea tendrils, plus an nice runny sunny side up duck's egg topping a base of 'friendly' (not overwhelming) garlic puree  on a thin crisp crust with just the right amount of Monterey Jack cheese. It's great as a meal, or begrudgingly, split as an app. The staff is always ready with a suggestion, or recommendation, and service is fast and cordial. A key indicator of  the menu's consistently high quality is the number of food industry insiders stopping in on the way home or day off; people who know what "great food" is, and where to find it. The Smiling Bison's kitchen is open late, so there's no excuse for hitting a fast food drive-through on the way home. Add the wide variety of bands playing weekends/many week nights, and there's no reason to leave the neighborhood, and fight the hassles of downtown. I can't wait to see the results of their upcoming remodeling with dining room expansion, and new deck/outdoor seating; just in time for cooler weather.
Excellent last minute decision! Great craft beer selection with servers who are well versed and offered appropriate recommendations. I ordered the fungi (mushroom) pizza and my friend ordered the namesake bison burger. Before I could ask my friend for a taste of his burger and fries, he had polished them off. The pizza was exactly what I needed, something light; it is a white pizza with a very thin cracker crust with a flavorful balance of fresh garlic, cheese and 'shrooms. Nice size, I shared the last of mine with my dinner mate. Reservations are suggested but we didn't know we were headed there until last minute, luckily they were able to seat us at the bar where we had great service. Pleasantly surprised with the ambience, music selection, pleasant staff and diverse crowd. Planning to go back in March for a dinner with friends. Nice to see a no frills location offer such amazing fare! Kudos and good luck :)
Delicious meal, great wait staff, and good jazz. Recommended conus infused with beets, Scottish eggs, fried fish puffs, scallops and best Caesar salad! Poutine was ok until we put it in the duck cassoulet juice and then it was  perfect! Yummy pretzel bread pudding and a scrumptious lemon cream crusted with ginger snaps. I'll be back!
I had the bison burger and it was excellent. The bread pudding wasn't very special and neither were the pretzels. Good beer selection.  I'd like to come back when they have live music.
While cutting through the neighborhood, I notice The Smiling Bison.  "What the hell is that?" I asked my husband.  I didn't recall seeing it before.  Was it new?  What was it?  Strip club?  bar?  restaurant?  When I got home I looked to the almighty yelp for the answer.  Ah, a restaurant.   The following week hubby and I went to Redlight Redlight to buy tickets for Zwanze Day, and to drink, of course.  We left around 9 P.M. and noticed that the sushi restaurant next door (sorta) closed at 9:30.  We wanted to sit and relax, so we tried to think of some other options.  Pizza? nope; Burgers? nope; Winter Park? nope; "what about Smiling Bison?  sure.   Long meal short, we had the pretzel and poutine appetizer, the grilled cheese, and an awesome pasta meal, two beers (awesome brew from Cask and Larder), and the banana and peanut butter bread pudding (to go- because we were STUFFED), all for around $55.  The food is delicious.  I thought the price for the poutine was a bit high when I saw the plate of the small amount, however the flavor of the gravy with the mushrooms made the appetizer well worth the price.  Also regarding the poutine, we ordered it with sweet potato fries instead of the wedges (I'm not a fan of wedges), and the sweet potato fries are yummy. Service was friendly and on top of everything (at times, a little too much on top of everything; our server checked in with us every 3-5 minutes- Dude, chill, we're having a good meal and you're doing a fine job.). The Smiling Bison is another star in the lovely gastronomy constellation of the area (the other stars are Oblivion Taproom and Redlight Redlight).
Not bad, but not great either. I've been to this location back when it was Redlight, and it was a bit of an awkward space then and it still is. They could do a lot to improve the ambiance, because that's a big part of dining out (for me at least). Luckily we were seated in one of the back booths which has a better feel to it, but the front area when you first walk in would not be a very inviting space to sit. On to the food. We started with fried green tomatoes as an appetizer. Small portion, but it did taste good. I got the funghi pizza, which was really rich but overall good, and the roasted beet salad, which I was really disappointed with. It came out looking like a side salad with just lettuce, a few small roasted beets, and thin sliced radishes, and was definitely not even close to being worth $8. My boyfriend got the duck breast as his entree and said it was quite good, but again was pretty small. He ended up finishing off my pizza which I couldn't because it was so rich. With the total price after we split a bottle of wine, we could have had a nicer meal somewhere else. All-in-all, I'm not quite sure what people are raving about. It's not bad, but with the ambiance and overpriced small portions, I can't say I'll be back any time soon.
We have had two visits to this fun eclectic place! Great live entertainment on weekends but doesn't start until 1000pm . The bison burger is to die for! Cooked with a slightly pink center served with salt and vinegar fries ! Beer cheese with pretzel was awesome as well ! Almost everything is brought in my local farms and local bakeries which helps to contribute to Orlando's slow food movement growth!! The only problem was our server accidentally put two other guests meal on our check ! She quickly apologized but was a slight inconvenience at the end of the evening! Great food and great beer at a fair price!
Wow what a great experience. Great selection of drinks. We ordered the poutine appetizer. Roasted potatoes with a mushroom gravy and cheese curd.  The most excellent was however the bison carpaccio...so amazing. Spice of thin slice jalapeño. Slight crunch of tortillas? But the main event for us was the duck lovers pizza...duck pizza you say?? Try it! I could eat 3. Great service and staff too.
I would ideally like to give them 3.5 stars, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and bump it to 4. The food that I've tasted has been pretty good for the most part. The scotch egg is delicious, the squid pasta was a true stand out. The bison burger is very tasty, and the duck pizza is definitely decadent (if not a little greasy/oily). My only real gripe with this place is the amount of food that you get for how much you pay. I understand that a lot of the ingredients are locally sourced, but I just never feel like I get enough food, no matter what I order; the alcohol is also pretty highly priced. I feel like I've had much better burgers elsewhere, but the novelty of a bison burger isn't lost on me. Bison's leanness makes for a flavorful burger and their option to add a farmhouse egg is definitely a good choice. Overall, I would like to eat here more often if the prices were more wallet friendly, but as it stands it'll remain a novelty for me.
Hubby and I were really looking forward to trying this place. We went on a Saturday night with another couple. We had 8:30 dinner reservation and showed up a little early to grab a drink at the bar. We ended up having to wait until 8:45 to get seated. We didn't understand the wait when we saw a booth available when we arrived and thought we would get it. But no, that went to a last minute walkin. Instead, we were seated at a table just a foot away from the stage and the band was in the process of setting up so it got busy and crowded right around our table. Well, it's Sat night so you have to expect that so no big deal. We ordered the pretzels, fried okra and poutine starters. It took a while for them to come out. The fried okra was the best of the three but nothing spectacular.  The pretzels were ok. The poutine was the most anticipated dish and sadly, the most disappointing. There was very little gravy so the fries were rather dry. Also, the cheese curds don't stay on the potato and are difficult to scoop up with a fry making it hard to get a complete bite of all the favors. We were hoping to try the fried chicken under the small plates but they were already out of it. For entrees, we ordered the short rib ravioli and the grilled giant prawn. Neither of these were on the small plates section so we thought we could share these two dishes. We were wrong about that! Honestly, we didn't catch that the menu really only referenced prawn as singular. So it was only one prawn. For an entree! Really? It was tasty but tiny. And impossible to really share. Way overpriced for 1 prawn. The ravioli was very good. It had 5 raviolis. The sauce was very good but very watery. They should have given me a spoon so I could enjoy more of the sauce. Or even some bread. It was so watery I couldn't get much to stay on the ravioli. At least this dish was a bigger serving but still a small portion for an entree. And I'm not one of those people that wants to go somewhere for dinner where it's all about quantity. I do prefer quality over quantity. But still, 3 appetizers and 2 entrees and we are still hungry. Maybe if a salad and bread had been included it would feel more filling. At this point the band is starting to play and being RIGHT in front of the stage it's impossible to talk to our friends anymore so we decided to skip dessert. Besides, we figured they would only be about 1 bite. The food was good but not super special and the portions were just too small. It was disappointing because we love supporting local places. Maybe it would have been better if we ordered the burger and one of the pizzas. We had to stop at Wendy's on the way home for a snack. :(
A relative new gastropub that needs to work out some kinks.  Came here on a Friday night and the place was reasonably empty.  We ordered caraway soft pretzel and the poutine to start.  The pretzel tasted fine, if somewhat uninspiring, although I am spoiled by eating amazing pretzels in Germany and Austria.  The spicy beer and mustard cheese sauce that accompanied the pretzel sounded great but lacked flavor.  The duck poutine was served lukewarm and tasted bland.  The Greek salad contained tasty ingredients but was plated in a wrong serving dish so the lemon vinaigrette could not be tasted.  The smiling bison burger, while ordered medium, came out rare.  The flavor was very good, however, and the use of texas toast to house the patty provided a nice garlic flavor.  The salt and vinegar fries were also tasty.  Out of the two desserts available that night, we picked the doughnuts.  The dough was too dense and undercooked while the sauce that came with them had a strong, uncooked  booze flavor and tasted bitter. One a bright note, the beer selection is good, although somewhat expensive, and the service if very pleasant and attentive.  If the food kinks are ironed out, The Smiling Bison can become a local staple.  Until then, I will remain a casual bystander.
I was pleasantly surprised by my visit to the Smiling Bison.  The transition from Redlight's bar to the Bison's restaurant was done very well.  Service was ok, but my server was friendly, sweet and genuinely concerned with my experience.  That's huge.  You can't teach caring.  The food was good, not exceptional, but I like the direction that they are headed .  The namesake Bison burger was tasty, well seasoned and cooked to temp.  You'd be surprised by how many places CAN'T cook a burger .  The Smiling Bison is NOT one if them.
My boyfriend and I dropped by this past Friday night around 8:30pm and were pleasantly surprised to find the place hoppin', but not overwhelmingly slammed. We sat at the bar and each ordered different beers, the names of which have unfortunately been forgotten, but they were both tasty. We started off with the pretzels and poutine. The pretzels were seasoned with black sea salt and caraway seeds, which lended a nice pumpernickel vibe. The dipping sauce was mild save for the punchy whole grain mustard seeds on top. My boyfriend, being from NY thus possessing a high standards for soft pretzels, raved about their soft yet mildy chewy consistency. The poutine was ridiculous! We both agreed to order our own the next time we visit rather than sharing. The fries were well seasoned, the gravy was rich and purpley, the cheese curds were lumps of melty white pillows. For dinner we ordered the meat house pizza and the sweet potato pierogies. The pizza crust was cracker-thin and dissolved as you chewed. No jaw-achingly chewy re-heated Hungry Howies crust here. You can tell that the meat was all made in house. The pierogies were substantial and dense, but not in a bad way. The dense-ness was offset by a light ham and bean soup type of broth that they were immersed in. They 'rogies were topped with chunks of salty ham which paired solidly with the sugariness of the sweet potato. It was VERY evident that the chef and kitchen staff seasoned the food each and every step of the way. "Holy sh*it, this is seasoned so well" was actually the first thing out of my mouth. Props to them for following the first rule of cooking! Are you going to get Golden Corral sized portions here? No. Are you going to get a well-executed meal that contains familiar ingredients that are re-mixed and presented to you in a non-intimidating, creative way? YES. My only suggestion would be to pump up the décor a bit. I realize they just opened so, I'm sure they intend to fill some of the wall gaps with more local art. Anyways, give this place a shot. It's one of the few places where you can sit at the bar and order an expertly prepared meal while wearing a tank top and Chucks.
Finally a real Gastropub in Orlando. One that doesn't require a pretentious menu. Hubby and I decided to splurge since everything sounded familiar but different, and not in the odd sort of way. Food was presented in a new yet approachable fashion. Do picky eaters need to go outside their comfort zones? Yes, but only the equivalent of sticking your toe in the shallow end. This food is comforting. The kind you want to eat at the end of a long day with a good beer or a red wine (they have both). Order anything with Bison in the description, you will not be disappointed. Same goes for peanut butter whipped cream. These folks know what they are doing.
Great new place in town with excellent food and service. Had the pretzel, pickled red hots, shrimp roll and bison burger. Food was fantastic and definitely not run-of-the-mill. Highly recommend the smiling bison.
tonight I went for the first time with a group of friends. for my meal, I ordered the pickled shrimp, the pork steak, and the German apple turnover. the pickled shrimp appetizer tasted more like a ceviche and not as much as a pickled item. the shrimp were a little under seasoned that a typical pickling would have given, if done correctly. the shrimp felt like they were precooked. the pork steak that came highly recommended by our server was a little underwhelming. the pork had some good flavor but had some fatty parts that I had to cut out. the sweet potato fries that came on the plate were decent but the mustard that accompanied the dish, I found, to be too strong of a flavor and did not balance well with either the fries or the pork. the mustard reminded me of a Chinese mustard. the German apple turnover could of used more apples to the ratio of pastry. the "diary looking product" on the plate, that I thought was a whip cream, someone told me it tasted like a creme fresh. the taste was weird and felt like it did not go at all together with the pastry. it was also a little dry. I also sampled a bit of someone's burger and that seemed to be good, though I like a little bit of a crust on my patty. overall the the food was decent though could have been better executed. I came to this place based on a write in edible Orlando and a few recommendations from other people. I would try this place again but would try some other items next time.
I had an early dinner here with my husband and 9 month old. They were so baby friendly and I noticed 2 other baby's in the dining room that night :) The atmosphere is casual and I love that they list where the food is sourced from! I had the ham steak which was phenomenal! My husband had the duck pizza which was also delish! We thought the food would not be as healthy as we like but, to our surprise it was fresh and on the healthier side. I can't wait to go back to try more tantalizing items on the menu. I highly recommend this place!!
I had an amazing experience this evening. Our waiter was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu and the selection of food was impressive. I would definitely recommend it.
I love this place because it has *locally sourced* FRESH food (eg NOT trucked in from SYSCO) and beer you would see at higher end establishments in town but for half the price.  I appreciate the fact that, right along side pub food, they are doing some higher end dishes, so i can enjoy fine dinning without dropping a ton of money somewhere in Winter Park. I love the warm, homey feeling it has now over the old hipster vibe that was Redlight Redlight when it occupied this space.  It's obvious every piece of art in there was hand picked. If you like the Smiling Bison Food Truck you will love this place.
Probably one of the coolest new restaurants in Orlando. Went there for a dinner with coworkers and had a chance to sample a few different things. Had the Scotch Egg, Poutine, and Ceviche to start. All exemplary. They're pub classics with a bit of a gourmet spin. Tried their Caesar salad after, and I wasn't a fan. It wasn't your traditional Caeser salad in that it was tossed in a vinaigrette style dressing rather than the creamy dressing we a seem to be accustomed to. For my entree, I had the Coffee Smoked Duck Breast and it was cooked to perfection. Smoky with a little bit if grease, which is to be expected. Ordered dessert and was blown away. The chocolate mousse topped with orange marmalade, and pretzel bread pudding were decadent and paired great with their French pressed style coffee. All in all, it was a great experience. The service was great, even though we had a party of 15. Very impressed with everything and I will definitely go back.
nice convert to the old RLRL place.  food is a wee pricey for the amount, but quite amazing and on par with some nicer places.  homemade, artsy, trendy stuff.   full of flavors though.  didn't know they could do so much with that kitchen size.   wished they had more beer selection, but I'm sure it'll come.  it's sort of hard to define the place though.  will it be more of a food place with nice beer selection?  or vice versa?  or bison themed?   will come back.  they are trying to get more live music and rotating art like the old RLRL.   referlocal.com/offers/or…  will make it nice too.
Interesting menu. Service wasn't that great but we did have a large group. Portions are small. Tasted good but overly salty. I may return to try another item on the menu.
Not impressed at all.  Service and selection of craft beer was great, but the food fell flat.  I believe this is another over-hyped opening.
First time here. Very very simple short menu. I had the short rib tortellini WOW! Culinary delight for $12 !!!!! 5 stars hands down. Tomi
Delicious and inspiring menu. Impressive drink options. Yesterday I had the low country shrimp and it was amazing. Definitely a one of a kind place and has limitless potential.
New restaurant in an "industrial mixed residential" area on Bennett. I think it used to be a dark little dive bar that has been "gentrified" to an extent. Very clean, with additional outdoor tables out front. Decent selection of beers, and an interesting menu that will have you trying bites off of your companions' plates. This neighborhood needed the culinary facelift, and its worth a thirty minute drive to eat there. You could tell that some of the staff are new to the business, but most of them were knowledgable and all were friendly and attentive. I shall return to check a few more menu items off the list.
I really wanted to love this new restaurant and have tried it 3 times and feel qualified to share my thoughts. Love the location in my Baldwin Park neighborhood, although parking can be tricky when it gets a little busy (lot isn't paved).   Staff is exceptionally nice and informative. As with most craft beer places, the offerings change often - as a wine drinker, I do find the pour small for the cost. The menu changes as well, which is fine - but as others have said, the portion to cost ratio can leave you hungry and the $$ add up quickly.  I wish there were some more basic items along with the very creative menu items - obviously this is a Chef who has his finger on farm to table.   Atmosphere is simple, but nice - Negative is the music, whether live or recorded, which is too loud to be background and we ended up almost shouting over it the other night. Overall, not as satisfying as we had hoped, which is disappointing as I want them to succeed - sometimes simple is better??
So we finally tried out the Smiling Bison last Friday and it got mixed reviews by us. I was pleasantly surprised while my boyfriend was a bit disappointed.  He had decided on the Bison Burger with homemade potato chips. The burger was thick and juicy, small in circumference, and on two pieces of Texas toast that had been cut with a round biscuit cutter. He said that it wasn't amazing, not bad either, and not much different than a burger that costs less than the $13 that we paid. A heaping pile of hot French Fries might have distracted us from the lack of meat on the plate. Would try it again, but overall a 3-star dish.  I, myself, had the pizza with all the toppings(though the actual name of the dish escapes me.) It was a mere 10" pizza with a nice thin crispy crust and AMAZING meats on top! Homemade sausage, Bison, & sweet Italian Peppers. It had a little unexpected kick to it that I enjoyed! Would order again without a doubt. I brought 2 of the 4 slices home with me, but we each had a slice as soon as we walked in the door. Yes, it was very good indeed.   The atmosphere reeks of the old Red Light Red Light Bar. Cheesy tables and what seemed to be old dining room chairs, but there was something that made it homey at the same time. They have late hours, & I could imagine stopping by after a fun Friday night out to enjoy a quick gourmet bite and a craft beer. Oh, I ordered a glass of white wine that came out in a bottle that was half empty( yuck) and slightly below room temp at best. Our server was gracious enough to bring a glass of ice, so problem solved to chill my wine to a palatable  temp, but I would have much preferred being served a glass of wine instead of seeing the half empty bottle at my table. Yucky.  Overall, I would give this new neighborhood joint 4 out of 5 stars for effort. This is not a fine dining spot, but the gourmet touch the chef brings to the food is quite enjoyable. I plan on bringing my friends back soon and hope they enjoy it as much as I did. It's a great local pub for all the Baldwin Park/ Audubon Park residents! Great job Smiling Bison!!
My new favorite restaurant! We've been here five or six times now, and haven't been disappointed in a bite yet! The menu changes frequently, but so far, everything's great! My favorites were the schnitzel, the pork cheek tamale, and the peanut butter banana pretzel bread pudding creation. Don't skip dessert! There's also plenty of beers to sample, which also change frequently.
If you are a fan of the Ravenous Pig's creative flair and quality preparation (and the outstanding flavors they use to present) then you will LOVE this place.  It reminds me of the middle and left side part of the Pig's menu but a lot less pretentious.  Prices are reasonable for the top notch quality of the foods.  We shared a succulent Kurobata ham steak with the best sweet potato fries (served with a perfect housemade horseradish sauce), a scotch egg (slightly soft boiled) atop an apple slaw (which gave it a nice acid balance) and a Mocha Stout - Quite a refined breakfast at dinner.  Saw the poutin and look forward to trying it next time, since it didn't seem to fit with tonight's selections. The only thing I would like to see is some vegetable garnish or cole slaw or something green.  There are two side salads but I thought they were a little high in price, though they read amazing.  Service was friendly and attentive. Great music playing too! Fantastic addition to the Orlando's growing food scene.
Loved this place. The Bison burger was outstanding.  And they had a pretty good craft beer selection as well. We will definitely be back.  It might not look like anything fancy from the outside but inside is very nice and not too crowded.
tried this place out because of all the reviews. glad I did. had the cobia ceviche which was very fresh. also had the bison burger which was excellent. staff was courteous and attentive. would recommend to anyone in the area.
Wow. What a find. Tucked off the main road and unassuming upon arrival, the Smiling Bison is about two things for me: (1) a chill atmosphere and (2) surprisingly fantastic food. Its kinda like a dive bar cleaned up and made somewhat swank.  We got there on a week night and sat at the bar. It was comfortably chill through our meal but it looked like some form of live music was coming shortly when we were bouncing around 10-ish.  Decent cross section of people but most seemed to be late twenty-somethings opting for real food at a decent price rather than the endlessly available crap you'd find at the Applebee's of the world. Anyway, I order the brisket sandwich, which is served on a pretzel bun.  As I see it, there are several ways they could seriously trash this sandwich: the brisket could be dry or over cooked; the bread could be stale or low quality. But, no. Smiling Bison is up to something. I know we're just talking about a sandwich here but this was one of those meal you hate to get full eating.  Do yourself a favor and drop into this hidden gem.
Finally made it back and man am I glad I did!  They have gotten better as expected, but there still are a couple of kinks to work out.  Service was just as friendly and attentive as the last time, but a couple of technical errors in the food made the experience a four rather than 5 star one...although I think soon they will definitely be 5 stars in my book.  We tried the poutine again, which had better potatoes than the last time, but the gravy still just doesn't have much flavor to me...the new cheese curds are great though, as are the mushrooms.  My friend tried the vegetarian agnolotti dish with ricotta, carrots and sweet onion puree...it was amazing, a veggie dish I wouldn't mind ordering myself at all.  I decided to dive into the Pork belly with grilled shrimp and boiled peanut risotto.  The pork belly was absolutely perfect, but the shrimp which were very tasty had been overcooked a little bit, so that took away from their texture and flavor, and the risotto was very good taste-wise, cheesy and pea-nutty, but the grains were a slightly too al dente.  Basically, had the shrimp been cooked a little less and the risotto a little more, the dish would have been totally mind-blowing, but it was still fantastic.  I will definitely be back again.
We have now had four excellent visits to Smiling Bison so I feel ready to commit to this five star review. On our first visit we met a large group of friends on a night the kitchen was not yet operational but they were serving food from the cart. Everything we tasted was delicious and while the servers were still clearly trying to find their way everyone was friendly, accommodating and able to answer all of our questions about the food and beer list. And this group always has A LOT of questions. Since then, my guy and I have returned on our own thricely. Each time we chose to sit at the bar as we do nearly everywhere when it's just the two of us. Grant, the bar manager, and the rest of the staff could not have taken better care of us on all three occasions. From the menu we have tried the meatball, the media noche sandwich, the pickled shrimp and the currywurst in both pizza and sandwich form (we are definitely a little obsessed with the currywurst). We have also tasted the side portions of watermelon salad and sweet potato fries. In every case, we have been pleased and while the portions are not large we have never left hungry. Considering the quality of the ingredients and flavors I feel that the items we have tried are priced fairly. I also enjoy the small but impressive list of craft beers. We have happily added the Smiling Bison to our rotation of regular spots and look forward to trying additional menu items and beers.
I thought this new restaurant offering was yummy and unique.  I highly recommend you check it out!  I was greeted warmly by the host who told me it would be a 10 minute wait.  Not to worry there were plenty of seats at the bar as I waited for my friend.  Soon  enough we were seated and enjoyed a fantastic meal.  My friend and I both ordered the wine- no complaints there.  We shared the Poutine and the pretzel and beer cheese dip- both a must!  My friend got the bison burger and although I dont eat meat it must have been good since this was his 2nd visit there.  I enjoyed my grilled cheese sandwich although it was nothing to do backflips over.  What REALLY impressed us was the watermelon basil salad--OMG.  Fantastic!  We ended with dessert and shared the bananas foster pudding and doughnuts.  Both were good I prefer the banana dessert though.  Coffee was good but a little weak and I suggest the coffee come at the same time as dessert, not after.  Overall really awesome restaurant.  Staff is fantastic! :-). Prices are very reasonable.
This place is absolutely spectacular.  Better food than any of the other "farm to table" type restaurants in town.  Although the food is better, it is nowhere the cost of the trendier spots.  The atmosphere is chill, not fancy, comfortable.  The staff if efficient and quite pleasant.  We like good (usually high end) food, and this place is officially our number one choice. A+
Understanding that this a gastropub with small portion plates (think tapas) and not a full meal restaurant before you walk in is critical for some. Upon walking in to what seems like a semi, unpretentious building your hit with the most beautiful scents a person could enjoy. True the drab decor and dull lighting leave you hoping for a bit more, most menu items are astounding. The bison burger is absolute heaven between two buns. Their take on a Quebec after-the-bars classic poutine, is, though a stretch from the real thing, still a beauty. My son scarfed down two helpings of their meatballs and still wanted more! Not terribly impressed with their tamale. Though the filling flavors were there, there was just too much maize killing whatever beauty was inside. Fantastic beer selection and a stage just dying for some good, alternative local music. This place definitely has the potential to be my local favorite hangout joint, just as soon as they work on the decor a bit...
Big disappointment ! Took a friend there, first impression, the hostess never looked up when I walked in the door. Only one Chardonnay and such a small pour. The waitress was condescending, and the beef sandwich was ok, the fries were good but cold. I don't know what the hype could possibly be about, Winter Park prices for a not very attractive dining venue.
I've been into the Smiling Bison a few times since their soft opening and I must say every time has been great! The service is always very attentive and the atmosphere very inviting. The food is ON POINT! Some of my favorite dishes are; The bison burger, The duck pizza, the pretzel appetizer and the kale Caesar! Everything that I have tried so far has kept me coming back for more! This is defiantly one of my new favorite spots :) Keep up the great work guys!
We stopped by last night and were warmly greeted by a server.  We decided to sit at the bar to eat dinner.  The bartender was super friendly and attentive.  She helped us pick out our meals and beers.  For an appetizer we had caraway seeded pretzels with a creamy mustardy, cheesey, dip.  For our meals we opted for the Duck pizza and the Inky Gnocchi Octopus.  Both were absolutely delicious!  Another server brought it out for us piping hot.  You can tell they use great team work to make sure their customers are taken care of.  Their menu is truly original, and I can't wait to come back and try everything else!
Just returned from 6 days in Orlando, and the best meals were at Smiling Bison. You must try the duck pizza and the Scotch Egg, watermelon salad. Returned a 2nd night for the pork schnitzel (sp?) and apple bread pudding. My table mates had equally enjoyable dishes. Don't expect the huge, heavy meals like the chains serve; this is classy, new, in-house- made food you won't find Ryans! The parking lot is small but we parked safely both nights on the street.
This is the first time in the many years I've been utilizing Yelp that I've taken the time to write a review. The Smiling Bison is quite possibly the very best restaurant currently operating in Orlando. It is so good, in fact, that I won't be surprised when founder and chef Josh Oakley (formerly of Ravenous Pig and Enzian) decides to relocate this gem to a more deserving hub of sophisticated foodies in Seattle, Portland, Brooklyn, or any the 'cool' places. But, no, I'll take that back. The Smiling Bison, unlike the lofty and outrageously expensive 'gastropubs' that litter Orange Ave in Winter Park, feels like it belongs to Colonialtown. The unassuming exterior---sans useless mint gardens or extreme lighting illuminating aluminum decorative features---filters out the fashion-seekers and leaves room in the cozy booths for those in search of a genuine experience in the neighborhood. The low ceilings in combination with the jazzy tunes create the believable illusion (in other words, lived fantasy) of an old American pub retrofitted for a speak-easy. The service is knowledgable and attentive, and the detailed dishes arrive amazing fast. If I possessed a more advanced palette I'd grace you with some lengthy and mouth-watering descriptions of everything I sampled from the menu, but for that you'll have to seek out a proper review. I should say, I don't eat meat. Usually, this prohibits me from enjoying any of the meat-heavy dishes served by creative restaurants, but there is plenty available on the menu to satisfy a vegetarian... to Nirvana extremes. Fresh veggies galore, arranged like you'd never imagine.  The kale salad massaged with lemon juice and topped with capers and crispy sardine croutons was the star of my 8-9 dish experience, while the very special bread pudding topped with peaches was my favorite dessert. My boyfriend and I were the first to try the bread pudding and were told of upcoming 'improvements', so that alone is reason to return. Check out the Facebook page for updated menus and drinks (facebook.com/thesmilingb…), and EAT at this restaurant. I must add that I'm very proud of Julian Degarden for all of the hard work he put into making The Smiling Bison great.
I was introduced to this place by my son.  He is very excited about the food especially the pretzels.  I have been looking for good pretzels ever since visiting Germany and experiencing the real thing.  I was not disappointed. They were delicious and the sauce really nice too.  We had six people so we ordered a bunch of dishes.  I was thrilled with the bison burger.  My picky eater husband also had this and thought it was excellent.  The other dishes were tasty as well, I don't remember all the names but what I can tell you, is all of them were fun, different, and something you won't find anywhere else.  If you want a unique dining experience this is your place!  I saw the comment about the food being salty and I have to say that for many pallets it might be. I love salt so this was not an issue for me.  I was not looking for the salt shaker.  We had the dessert as well and it was also delish.  I hope they make it, the outside looks rather "whole in the wall".  I would definitely recommend this for the adventurous eater.  Oh yeah, the portions were small but I was full and Americans eat too much!
I've been here many times now and I have to say, I think it's my new favorite restaurant. The food is always delicious, inventive, and fresh, the service is always spot on, and the atmosphere is relaxed and inviting. Oh, and the beer selection is extensive and always flowing. The burger made my top 5 and I've ate like 2700 burgers. This is also the first place I tried a dish with squid ink pasta and it was great. Reminded me of scampi. The food isn't expensive but it's not cheap either. That's because everything is made from scratch and love from the pasta to the condiments. Go here.
If you like laid back and interesting check it out.  If you prefer formal and uptight stay away, ha! Food was really, really good.  John the server was great...
Wow, it's been a few years since I've reviewed anything, and I'm excited to see how Yelp has grown! Well, here's to diving into a new set of reviews!     It's hard to rate these sorts of restaurants. They obviously have the intention of setting the mood right from when you walk in the door. The people are polite, the ambiance is nice, and overall feels very welcoming. You're handed a very trendy menu that's been hand printed and everything on it seems very well thought out. However, the main reason people go to restaurants is to EAT!     After thoroughly mulling over the menu I decided on the duck confit pizza. I don't often get the chance to eat duck, and this sounded fantastic. Oh and PS, I forgot to mention the beer list was small, but varied, so that made me happy as well. My girlfriend ordered the tuna melt sandwich, and her friend ordered the fried chicken sandwich. Bear in mind that everything on the menu, seemed to be creative and different versions of what you would see at let's say an Applebee's. We ordered an appetizer called poutine, which is becoming a trendy dish that is native to Canada. The best poutine I've ever had was in Denver, and also featured the alluring duck meat. This one, however, was very bland. The "fries"(more like potato wedges) were dredged in gravy that was almost flavorless. The cheese curds were good, but definitely store bought. All in all, I was unimpressed. So the food arrived, and I took one bite of my pizza. It was fantastic! It featured duck confit, duck sausage, and a duck egg in the middle, all tied together with a lovely garlic sauce and basil garnish.  My girlfriend, who is normally a picky eater, was not very happy with her tuna melt, and I second that vote. I can't really speak for the chicken sandwich, but it did look very nice, and my girlfriends friend seemed to enjoy it. All in all this place was the epitome of "Hit or Miss" I don't understand why any restaurant wouldn't strive for perfection in every dish they made? Will I be back? Maybe, since the waitress mentioned that the menu does change quite often. I won't be knocking the door down, but if anyone asks me about it, I'll certainly be honest.
After reading some reviews of The Smiling Bison, I decided it was worth trying. I grew up near Canada and I've been dying to eat some poutine since I moved down here. Plus, it looked like they have a decent beer selection. Upon walking in, I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere and there was also some live jazz being played. All the tables had mason jar glasses on them, which is always a plus in my book as well. The food itself, however, is why I'm not giving them a higher rating. Was it decent? Yes, but it seemed to lack something. All I wanted the whole time I was eating the poutine was to use some salt to add a little more flavor, but there was no salt or pepper on the table. Plus the waitress didn't come back for a little while. I also ordered the tuna melt with the watermelon and basil salad, which was presented beautifully. The taste though, again, was lacking something. The bread was extremely hard and I could have really used some salt to help the taste. The watermelon and basil salad was awesome though. Definitely the best part of the meal. Overall, I had a decent experience, but I probably won't be back because the prices were way too expensive for what I got.
The local is a bit cramped  and the temperature in here is at 69 degrees and for a Florida restaurant that's a big change from a constant 80 degrees outside the food was alright I wouldn't get anything else but the bison burger which is at a reasonable price but everything else seems a little overprice, I would pay these kinds of prices if the locale was impressive and the service was phenomenal  I would not be coming here anytime soon.
Awesome sauce to the max! Very small building, I would have gathered by all the crazy good reviews that this place is a big booming start up chain or something like that. Not at all the case. Very small & you can tell it's locally owned & ran (not that that's a bad thing bc it's not at all, if anything it's preferred). Wasn't sure at first how I felt about the place. The ambiance is modern quaint, so plus there. I did thoroughly enjoy the jazz band that was playing, they played their own rendition of Pink Floyd! I can say with full confidence that I am a jazz enthusiast & this was some of the best and most modern jazz music that I've ever heard, ... granted I had already downed a half a glass of 7% brew. Double plus. Lots of UNIQUE beers on draft as well as bottled! The food selection was amazingly high quality and extremely unique as well! Triple plus! I really liked that the chef kept an eye on the dining room to make sure he knew what was going on. I would see him looking through the pass just kind of overseeing the place. I could just tell that he really cared & wanted to make sure all his guests and customers were satisfied. Kudos to you sir of much concern! I would DEFINITELY recommend this establishment!
Great laid back atmosphere, genuine and helpful service, and AMAZING food. We ordered the Scotch Egg, Bison Burger with Basil Watermelon Salad, and the Duck Lovers Pizza-- all of which were enjoyable for their unique and pleasing tastes. Their homemade ketchup was out of this world. Definitely check it out if you're curious.
I was super excited to go here, but honestly I was a little let down after my experience. We went on a Tuesday night looking for something delicious to eat and something hoppy to wash it down. First and foremost, I didn't really care for the atmosphere at all. I guess the best word I can use to describe the place is dingy...or maybe depressing is a better word? I'm totally a fan of the rustic, farm-to-table theme, but this fell short. Perhaps it was the low ceilings...I don't know. Anyways, I have nothing negative to say about the food. We both ordered the bison burger  and I got mine with the watermelon, feta, basil salad- omg to die for. The burger was good, it had a great Texas toast bun and really hit the spot as far as upscale pub food goes. Here's my issue: The food was expensive! Like, I was seriously shocked that my burger cost $15, not to mention drinks! Now in Smiling Bison's defense, I should have looked at a sample menu before showing up. I was expecting moderately priced, delicious pub grub and craft beer, not REALLY expensive pub grub and pricey drinks in a depressing atmosphere. I thought the food was just too expensive for the atmosphere you got. Maybe that's the point, I don't really know.
A good friend and I had dinner here last night. I had not read many reviews in depth so I had no real expectations. We were greeted nicely and asked if we had a reservation, which we didn't. The hostess did a great job working us in fairly quickly. In the mean time we got a beer at the bar while we were waiting for our table. They have a decent selection of beers, not a very large selection, but something for most tastes. I was able to get a nice dark Belgian ale which was quite delicious but slightly overpriced. The overall atmosphere is pretty shabby, thus minus one star. The funky artwork on the walls is not consistent with the style of menu they are serving. The decor needs a lot of love to make a complete concept. Also,  it makes the high food prices particularly hard to swallow. Once we were seated we were given good service, attentive but not hovering. I am not normally a stickler for such things but the wait staffs hipster beards and long hair need reworking to a higher level of personal hygiene. Again, another element that is incongruous with the menu and price point, minus another star. On to the food. We started with the duck pizza which was pretty tasty. The duck confit was rich and salty as you would expect although there should have been more of it. The crust was an okay thin and crispy crust and the over easy duck egg in the center was a nice touch. My friend got the bison burger which he seemed to enjoy.  I went with the shrimp and pork belly over grits. The grits were just okay and bit skimpy. The shrimp were nice and fresh, head on but overcooked.  The pork belly was actually cooked really nicely but had no discernable spice pallet applied. Overall the food was good but not great and overpriced by a good 20-30 percent for what it is. Sorry if I was a bit harsh but I had hoped for a more casual but tasty local gastro pub and this place fell quite short of filling that niche.
Great place to eat.came here the first time around midnight from a great night of drinking and wanted to try something new. The bison burger was amazing full of flavor and juicy.
I really like what Smiling Bison did with the place. The former Redlight Redlight bar has been turned into a bar, local music and food venue and it's decidedly delicious on all fronts. Local music acts on a small stage is intimate and we enjoyed the music. It does get a bit loud at times so be sure to express to your server what you want. Service can be slow during busy times if you aren't up at the bar. But very friendly which is more important to me. Food: Most everything on the menu has a tiny twist to it. Deep Fried Pickles were deliciously different in the spices used and we enjoyed the dipping sauce as well. The Wings were great and I loved that they were automatically served with blue cheese and celery and carrots. A pet peeve of mine is when it cost extra from the dish or is forgotten completely I've heard raves about the bison burger and love bison so I will have to try that, I just wasn't hungry enough to get one. The one complaint came from a friend who was raised in Montreal and it was about the Poutine. He is a traditionalist and as I said SB likes to make their own take on things. This was surely not the Poutine he had grown up on and loved.  Those that tried it wanted a more thinner and crispier potato fry and not a what appeared to be roasted or slightly baked steak fry. I think since there aren't many places here in town that serve poutine you get people craving a traditional one. I'd say either change it up a bit or retool the description on the menu to include that it is a take on Poutine and not a traditional one. Just thought I'd put that out there. Again, friendly service, great food, great local music make this a spot to try for yourself. I plan on coming back and trying that burger.
Just yes! I did a little yelp searching to find this place for a late night casual birthday deal. It was fantastic! They had live music and a great late night menu. I ordered the pretzels and a fish sandwich. Both items were unique and very delicious. I wanted to try the entire menu and will be making my way back as much as I can for more!
This is the former Redlight Redlight venue. So if you remember or if don't know of this spot, the parking is limited and the building is tucked away. But the inside  can accommodate small groups for a casual get together or a dinner date. Live music was being set up as we were leaving so I can imagine how this can be a total hang out spot for a chill night and cold beer. Two words people. Two words. Bison. Burger. Oh wait, two more words. Runny. Yolk. A dream come true. Oh wait I got two more words. Pretzel. Bun. The menu changes often, apparently. Either due to the season or chef meet demands. Either concept gives them 5 hipster stars.
It really pays to subscribe to their newsletter!   If subscribers actually read the email, they would've seen the invite to their soft opening for brunch and that you had to email to snag a spot!  So that is just what I did! In fact, I was the first one according to Ron who I was corresponding with. I made a reservation for a large party of 7 . Our experience was a good one. I will give our server much praise for her patience but also taking great care of our large party.  It was a nice sized brunch menu and we were excited to try things out and given a 50% off discount! Not too shabby! I had a grapefruit beer which I love but several friends opted to try the cocktails on the menu. The watermelon gose wasn't a hit with one of my friends and , thankfully, they were happy to switch out with something else. For starters, I ordered the fried pickles. They were good and tasted housemade because of that extra tangy flavor . There were also fried onions in the basket along with a yummy buttermilk vinagrette for dipping.   My husband and I ordered 3 entrees to try - catfish and grits, biscuits and gravy and French toast.  My fish and grits were good. Great little portion for one person but I would definitely love more grits on that plate! I took a bite (or 2) of my hubby's French toast. It tasted like bread pudding! Soo good! I would order that next time. At the end of our meal, the manager, Ron, came to our table to get our thoughts and feedback on the dishes.! I loved how receptive he was to our suggestions. I would gladly come back again. One more note- make a reservation! This place fills up fast especially for large parties!
I've been to Smiling Bison a handful of times and always enjoy the experience. I think the food is good but a bit over priced. I tend to stick with the small plates or appetizers. This visit I tried the fried pickles, chicken sausage and a bison burger. The fried pickles were just okay. I found the dipping sauce bland but enjoyed the cornmeal coating. The chicken sausage with a side of salt & pepper fries was tasty. My boyfriend devoured the bison burger topped with a farm fresh egg. Based on the speed he ate it I'm guessing he'd give it a thumbs up. Overall it's a nice place with good food but not some place I'd frequent due to the prices.
My friend scored a table at the soft opening for brunch here so I was excited! For drinks, I started off with a Boylan soda which had cane sugar and a Stiegl Radler which is a grapefruit beer. For appetizers, a friend ordered the Fried pickles with Vidalia onions and buttermilk vinaigrette.  The friend onions were good but I just can't get into the fried pickles kick.  We ordered the Fried Chicken Scotch Egg with waffle puree and peach-maple mustardo.  Basically it was an egg (boiled?) wrapped in sausage and friend like a chicken.  Then the waffle puree made it taste like a play on chicken and waffles.  Soooo good!  I would get it again in a heartbeat! For the main part of brunch, hubby ordered the Juevos Rancheros which was bison tenderloin ropa vieja, black beans, sunny side farm eggs, cotija cheese and served with home fries.  He really liked them but said that he would have liked some hot sauce to put on it. I had the Eggs Benedict which was 60-minute farm eggs, house cured Canadian bacon, braised callaloo spinach, cigar city "jai-alaiandaise", texas toast, and served with home fries.  Mine was excellent!  My only complaint was that the texas toast was thick so it was hard to cut with a regular knife.  It might have been easier with a steak knife. Other friends had the fish & grits, French toast, and Meat Lover's Pizza.  Everyone loved theirs. I think the only real complaints were with the drinks.  One friend ordered the Watermelon Gose (anderson valley holy gose, fresh watermelon juice, and basil) and didn't enjoy it at all and sent it back.  My hubby ordered the Beer Bloody Mary (schlenkerla helles lager, and house made bloody mary mix).  He liked the taste but he said you could tell the bloody mary mix was house made because there was still chunks of tomato in it, along with the skin.  He asked the server to strain it and then he really enjoyed it. Overall, I really enjoyed this brunch.  The server said they will continuously be changing up the menu so I can't wait to go back to see what else they will be serving!
Go go go! This restaurant is so unique and interesting, and it offers a wide array of menu options. If you're adventurous,  this place will definitely satisfy you. My husband and I were really pleased with the drink options, too. They offer something for everyone! The service: quick and friendly. Our server was knowledgeable and speedy. The food: We started with the poutine appetizer. I've never had it before, but I really liked the fresh cheese curds and the house made gravy. You get to soak that up with giant french fries. Too good. Then, we split the  bison burger. Let me tell you... We have had bison in many states, including WY, but this was the best bison burger I have ever had! If you've never tried bison before, I encourage you to give it a whirl here. For dessert we had a fresh berry tart which was sweet and sour in the best way possible. So yummy! I really can't wait to return and try other items on the menu. Everything was filling and delicous.
This is one of my favorite Orlando restaurants. My wife and I have eaten here three times and it has always been excellently prepared with fresh, delicious ingredients. They have a focus on local/organic food suppliers which translates to great quality throughout. The service has been friendly and helpful every time we've visited as well.
Sunday brunch has begun! Add the Bison to your list for brunch! This restaurant has been entertaining us with creative menu deliciousness for dinner since they opened. We are happy to report the brunch menu is no less tempting and exciting! We tried the eggs Benedict paired with mimosas! From my convenient spot up at the bar I had a perfect view to see all of the works of art as they came out of the kitchen. The bread pudding French toast and the Huevos rancheros are on the list for our next visit. Can't wait to go back!
The Smiling Bison is definitely an establishment that I will be returning to in the future. A couple of friends and I went during happy hour and the specials they have are: $1 off draft beers and bar snacks. To drink I had the Sierra Nevada Kellerweis. It was so crisp, refreshing and smooth; really a great recommendation from our server after I had explained what kind of beer I usually gravitate towards. While we were waiting for one of our friends to arrive, we ordered the house made pretzel with spicy mustard sauce and I have to say that I really liked it. It was kind of a shock at first because the mustard must contain either horseradish or some other such condiment that really gave a good kick! Cleared up the sinuses, but the flavor was excellent. The more I think about it, the more I realize just how much I enjoyed it and I'm not really a pretzel person generally. The Grouper cheek sandwich and fries were amazing, loved the aioli sauce as it had a subtle smokey flavor that blended well with the tomatoes and yet didn't overpower the fish. Those little shoe-string fries were also extremely tasty, I devoured those in less than five minutes. I liked that their menu is diverse but simple, probably about 20 items. Not like other places where there's about 4 pages worth of items. They focus on the ingredients and quality, you definitely see it with the way the ingredients are combined and how it ends up tasting. Definitely will come back to try other items on their menu.
I have put off reviewing this place for a while because even though I have enjoyed everything I have ordered, I still feel like it is over priced for the portion sizes. I have come to the conclusion that I am just biased against the location. I have compared the price points for certain items to popular winter park restaurants and they are very similar. One has to remember that it costs money to make smaller amounts of food freshly and have as much as possible locally sourced. With that in mind, I enjoyed sitting at the bar sipping a local craft beer and sharing plates with a friend recently. The mushroom pizza was flavorful packed with all kinds of funny looking mushrooms. I also shared the meatball small plate with a friend. The meat was seasoned and cooked to perfection and was placed on top of zucchini noodles. Zucchini noodles where have you been all my life? I think they have just knocked spaghetti squash out of the top spot of non-pasta pastas. I will be back.
I expected great things of the Smiling Bison because of all the 5 star reviews and the chef's history of working at my favorite places to eat (Rav Pig, Cask). After dining there I realize that Orlando Yelp has become a "5 STAR EVERYTHING THAT'S NEW/TRENDY/FARM-TO-TABLE/etcetcetc." (see: The Strand.) Overall there were a few excellent, 4-5 star items (PANZANELLA!!!!), and some sub-par items (poutine, duck pizza). The good: the shrimp panzanella. Executed REALLY well, lots of bright flavors, well layered, and a good variety going on in the dish. Presentation was great. The zellwood corn chowder also stood out. Though it didn't compare to Ravenous Pig's version, it was still a solid dish that could've used more of a kick. The service was also pretty friendly, I didn't get the pretentious feel that some folks reported, but maybe that's because I'm in intended audience for this place. The meh: duck pizza. Rich, fatty duck combined with a rich, fatty duck egg, and nothing to break it up. Needed some acid or at least more than the sprinkling of pea tendrils. The poutine also didn't hold up. Thought it could have used a lot more gravy... who wants to be biting into a dry steak fry when eating poutine? I feel like it missed the mark. The bad: atmosphere. Super loud, hard surfaces everywhere, and the awkwardly shaped building still feels more like a bar than a restaurant. They could use more drapes, wall coverings, rugs... whatever it would take to break up the noise and make things a bit more intimate. Maybe a wall divider for the large group table, since that seems to be a noisy corner. I actually had to lean in to hear the person across from me when having a normal dinner conversation. I would have also appreciated some table lighting. The light is spaced awkwardly away from most of the tables, so many of the diners are eating under shadow. Even a candle on the table would be a nice start... put it in a mason jar for chrissakes, that screams authentic, right!?
Wow, this was a great find. Great atmosphere, and even better food. Everything that could be was local. The local breads that made up the sandwiches my wife and I had, was to die for. Could have ate just the bread and been happy. They also have a nice revolving beer list. Not just the mainstream micro brew stuff either. Bartenders were very food and beer knowledgeable and were passionate about the restaurant.
I've been many times and I'm never let down. The atmosphere is ok, but the food and service always makes up for it. They have a little bit of everything ever night. Great pizzas, great seafood, and great game animals and fowl. Love it!
Chill, Young vibe, with an interesting set of great craft beers on tap to start. Incredible food, Wonderfful service and a knowledgable staff.
I have to give Smiling Bison a round of applause on the menu, it's imaginative and out of the box. There wasn't anything that I was particularly in love with, but the quality was there. The waitress we had was extremely nice, especially considering we had brought our kids. The biggest party foul was their wine pours. The glasses aren't very big, and with that they still pour little.  One glass of wine is usually great for me for a whole dinner. With these I had one and it was gone in a few sips. I hate to throw them under the bus for this one, so I hope they fix it.  For $11/glass you want quality, but you do need to have some quantity too.
Stopped here for their open mic night one Thursday evening because an acquaintance was performing.  The atmosphere was very elegant for a small pub, considering I had imagined a dive bar.  The server was very quirky and kind whom accommodated our party of six with a table in the back.  I enjoyed the kielbasa sandwich which I was pleased to find was completely made in house.  It was delicious minus the onion and beat salad on top.  I shared wings with a friend which were also quite nice.  We all had a good time listening to each others company and enjoying the music.  When it was time to pay the bill, we found that we were each charged gratuity on our check.  Even as a server myself, I found that especially insulting because it means we were judged into not tipping our server.  Since we were only 6 people it was also odd.  We were all servers so she would have made probably twice as much money if tip wasn't already included on our check.
Had a late dinner at the smiling Bison this past weekend and was impressed. We tried over half the menu, and raved about most dishes. Our service was good, not outstanding..but we noticed he did have a large party with no assistance from another server. Upon arrival I felt a little bit like I was in my Grandma's basement.. you can tell they didn't spend tons of money trying to fancy up the old building. It's dark and smells a little like musty covered with air freshener.. but overall seems clean and feels pretty cozy. We tried the poutine, fried chicken scotch egg, chicken liver mousse, shrimp panzanella, Florida peaches salad, ramp & ricotta gnudi, duck lover's pizza, and the pork ragu pasta. Unfortunately they were already sold out of the Bison short rib for the night! Our favorites definitely included the 2 salads--Florida peaches and shrimp panzanella. They both had so many fantastic ingredients and flavorful dressings. I especially loved the fried goat cheese balls on the peach salad. The pork ragu was amazing.. wonderful homemade pasta and the perfect amount of meaty sauce. My fiance was in love with the duck lover's pizza.. it was very good.. and very rich! I enjoyed the starters, but they didn't stand out for me as much as the salads and ragu.   We felt the price point of some items was a little high.. especially the Ramp & Ricotta Gnudi. It's labeled as a small plate, but for $11 you only get 4 pieces of gnudi.. felt like a little bit of a ripoff. Overall a very good meal.. I'd recommend it for those looking for something fun in the area!
I dropped by the Smiling Bison after running with my boyfriend. Our server (the receipt says his name was Edwin) was phenomenal; super nice, kept our water filled, gave great drink suggestions, and had perfect timing. The rest of the staff was very nice too but ask for him if you can. The food portions were a little less generous than I expected considering the price but the bison burger with the watermelon salad was AMAZING. The flavor and texture of both were perfect. We also ordered the poutine - it needed smaller, crispier potato wedges to up the gravy/potato ratio in each bite- and the bread pudding - I loved the peanut butter whipped cream but probably won't order again.   The beer selection was smallish but had a lot of good choices. The bison burger and service really made this restaurant for me and I'll go back many more times just for those!
What a great lunch! I've had Smiling Bison from their mobile cart at the Audubon Park Farmers' Market on a few occasions, but I was ready to try the brick and mortar spot. They are located at the previous Redlight Redlight spot on Bennet (with a great view of Roxy's which makes for some hilarious scenes at night!). It happened to be a beautiful Spring day so we opted for the outdoor patio seating. I ordered the Curry Wurst with the side salad option (grains with tomato). The wurst itself was phenomenal! It looked like it was homemade and the flavor was on par with fabulous wurst in Germany. The wurst is piled high with deliciously sweet sautéed onions in a sweet curry sauce and the bun was toasted and buttered to perfection. By the end I found myself finishing off the last pieces of bread on its own, it was that good! But alas, the glutton in me couldn't leave without asking for desert. Today they were featuring a pretzel based bread pudding with bake in chocolate chips, homemade strawberry jam and peanut butter whipped cream. Obviously I said yes. The bread pudding was deliciously sinful and though I thought I wouldn't like the pb whipped cream I actually really enjoyed the flavors when they were all combined. Finally, the service was great- I never had an empty glass and the server was very knowledgable. Big fan of this place! Especially on a nice Orlando day!
It is absolutely no surprise to me that since the opening of it's brick and mortar location in August of last year, Smiling Bison has coveted awards such as Tasty Chomps "Top 30 meals of the year", winning dish at the Downtown Food and Wine Festival and Urban Spoon's "Top 100 new restaurants in America"!  Smiling Bison is all about showcasing as many local ingredients, local art and local bands as possible.  Don't go expecting any frills in the decorations, the inside is very spacious with a long bar, lots of tables and a slightly elevated stage all bathed in warm colors, dim lights and a low ceiling.  I have sat at both the bar and the table and the service is amazing no matter what.  The bartenders and servers know their selections inside and out and you will always see the head chef busy at work through the pass through into the kitchen. Drinks- They have 10 rotating craft beers on tap and a small list of bottles as well, all for a good price.  A nice touch is that their menus always list what is on rotation once the current keg is tapped!   Food-  Chef Oakley is always coming up with new and creative items to add to their menu based on what is in season.  The only downside to this is that your favorite dishes might only be available until the ingredients run out, but they seem to eventually make their way back on the menu.  The menu is broken up into bar snacks, salads, sandwiches, pizzas, small plates, entrees and a late night menu.  Some of my favorite dishes are the duck pizza (thin crust with garlic puree, duck confit, duck ham, duck sausage, monterey cheese and pea tendrils topped with a duck egg, which is perfect for dipping slices into), roast beef sandwich (the most tasty, rare beef on a soft pretzel roll with creamy cheese), the duck meatballs and the watermelon side salad (super refreshing chunks with fresh herbs). Be sure and check their website or facebook page for the calendar of events.  Right now they are only open for dinner hours and closed on Sundays and Mondays, but their site says they will be expanding to lunch time soon!
I don't know if it's possible to love this place more. The food is delicious. The menu is constantly changing, and although I sometimes hate it when my favorite dishes are no longer in rotation, there is always a new dish to obsess about and crave. Portion sizes are just right...I never have leftovers, but always leave satisfied. Service is good. Another huge plus is that they have a late night menu. There aren't a lot of restaurants in the neighborhood that stay open late. Let me tell you that a Bison Burger at 1 a.m. is magical after a late shift or drinks with friends...or just second dinner.
The Smiling Bison is a fantastic find! I knew it as being the former Red Light Red Light. From the outside it looks a little daunting. Daunting it is not! Once inside the feel is that of a restaurant in the mountains. Very warm, cozy, and inviting. Our server was great and very knowledgable about the menu. That is always a plus for me. There is a really nice beer list as well. The price-point is a little high, but the food is so filling and delicious that it makes it worth it. I had a fish special that evening that was beyond flavorful! I wanted to go swimming in the sauce. My date had a pork steak that was equally as good. We were thrilled with the flavors of both of our entrees. Do not let the location or outside of this little gem deter you! The Smiling Bison is fantastic and has a great service team. Four delicious stars!
So thankful to live nearby. My husband I and I are 85% vegans , until we walk  in the door of The Smiling Bison. For starters, we shared a small plate of Shrimp "meatballs" over house made squid ink pasta . Absolutely mouth watering. I strongly suggested ( begged) Josh to please make that a main course offering. The meatballs taste like shrimp scampi, tender and crisp, atop a plate of delicate, homemade pasta. Fantastic! Then onto a perfectly cooked Bison burger with vinegar and salt French fries and house made ketchup for him . For her, a wagyu  roast beef sandwich on a pretzel roll! Moist and tender beef with cheddar cheese - (Orlando's version of that Buffalo NY staple, beef on weck , with a gourmet attitude) Great knowledgable, friendly staff and inventive, local farm to table emphasis from the kitchen. Job well done! .
For what I was expecting I was severely let down. Perhaps I didn't know what I was walking into, whatever the reason it just wasn't my type of thing. We ordered poutine and the pretzels as an appetizer and I was anticipating trying the poutine and when it arrived it looked and tasted nothing like it's delicious Canadian origin. We also ordered the Bison Carpaccio and not being aware it was cured instead of cooked I was really put off. Then when I didn't eat the carpaccio I was asked "What are you twelve?" by the waiter. The prices were ridiculous for the food quality. I loved the art it featured but my interest stopped there. Sadly I don't see myself returning in the future.
Some if the best food I've had in Orlando for months.  Good craft beer selection. If you are not looking for this place you will drive right by, but I recommend stopping in.
First time diners at The Smiling Bison. The place is not fancy by any means, but the food is great. Pros: The liver moose & bison burger was delicious. They paired ingredients really well with each other, especially for the liver moose. Cons: The server was not knowledgable with the beer selection when asked for a dark-beer recommendation. Additionally, the duck lovers pizza needed some contrast of texture and flavors -- the crust was very uncooked and lacked crisp. I also felt that the pizza really needed contrast like acid/spicy etc, all of the duck-theme toppings just really blended together and didn't add to the flavor profile. Overall, I would go back and recommend to a friend! Bison burger is a must
I finally tried Smiling Bison! We ordered the fried pickles as an appetizer. It was cooked well but the pickles were sweet. I would have preferred dill pickles. For our entrees, we each ordered the bison ribeye with polenta and brussell sprouts. The server recommended medium rare and he was right on point. The entree dish was generally too salty for us (and I typically eat salty foods!). I hope that it was just an off night for the steaks. Even if too salty, the dish was still good and we both finished our plates. Would definitely be back to try the other dishes.
After dining here for the first time, all I can think about is, why haven't I tried this place earlier?! Had the bison burger and it was perfectly done. Had a great balance between smoky, savory, and garlic flavors in the patty. Usually I am very stuffed after burgers but this one was perfect! The duck sausage pizza was also delicious and the pretzel bread pudding was a great ending to the meal. I will be back!
The food here was awesome!  The duck pizza is by far the BEST!  It has duck, on top of duck, on top of duck (duck sausage, duck confit, and duck egg).  It was amazing!  We also had the pretzel bread pudding with peanut butter and strawberries.  It was a glorified peanut butter and jelly sandwich in a luscious, creamy, egg-y version.  Delicious!   The only negative of this restaurant was that there is a weird smell upon entering the restaurant (smelled like fish and butter).  One of our guests had to walk-out due to the smell.  If you can get past the smell, you really should give this place a try because the food is amazing!
Went here last night for the 1st Thursday Songwriters Showcase. I liked the place but overall the portion sizes were way small and overpriced. The service was great. Food was good. i had the Poutine and the Lamb enchilada . Poutine was underwhelming. I've had plenty of poutine all over Canada and this just didn't hold up. Fries were good and the cheese curds were correct but the gravy just didn't make the cut. Should be more intense and full flavored instead of being delicate like it was. Lamb Enchilada was good but way over price for a single enchilada. This place is charging Ravenous Pig prices without delivering the same experience.You can tell the chef is talented and i will go back to see how they mature. The music was great and the people there were a good mix. Interior and exterior need some updates to get on par with the upscale gastropub experience. Good beer menu. Really would give it a 3.5 if I could. Potential to be a 5 star place.
Went here last night, sat at the bar. Bartenders were very friendly and made suggestions. We went with the Tomato Salad to start, which was so fresh we were convinced they picked the vegetables outside. Fried Chicken was next, delicious with a touch of honey to sweeten it. We had a bottle of Pinot Noir, reasonably priced. All in all a great experience! Also for $5 you can buy the kitchen a round of drinks! Do it, they work hard!!!
My husband and i were really excited to try this place after reading the yelp reviews, but were unfortunately very disappointed.  First of all, they don't carry diet cola, which seems a strange omission.  I wanted a glass of wine but their selection was very limited so we stuck with water, which is fine. We started with the pretzel appetizer and were most disappointed with this.  It consisted of two ordinary pretzels with caraway seeds instead of salt and plain stone ground mustard--EXACTLY the same as the publix mustard i had on my sandwich this morning.  Certainly not worth $6 or the carbs!   For our entrees, my husband had the bison burger.   It was good, but not great, not as good as the bison burger at Harry Buffalos and significantly more expensive at $13. The fries were stone cold.  They brought us fresh ones and they were better but again really ordinary (they reminded us of steak n shake fries).  I had an eggplant small plate and it was also just ok, over salted and i eat lots of salt typically.  The egg was nicely done but the polenta was over cooked. As other posters have said its overpriced and under sized.  We both left hungry.  Really just not worth it.
rave/amazing things: the bison burger is amazing. I cannot say for sure that it is the best entree on the menu, but it is so good that even though everything else on the menu sounds fantastic, and I enjoy trying new things, I cannot bring myself to not order the bison burger. the salt and vinegar fries are packed with serious flavor and are an easy go to side. the malbec complements the burger fantastically. chocolate mousse with a berry compote/jam thing and candied oranges - perfection. richly chocolatey, but very light texture, and not too sweet, a pro suggestion on a recent visit from the attentive and knowledgable server John (with a J). the beer selection is solid, not overwhelming in quantity, but they have craft beers on tap that I rarely see in florida in any form, including the occasional beers from one of my all time favorites - avery brewing in boulder, co. minor quibbles/not as amazing things: I felt a little meh about the pretzels, and the pretzel bread pudding is okay, no where near the same level as the mousse. The poutine also didn't jump to my favorites list, it didn't seem as hot as it should've been? but it is a rare dish to see in the south so bonus for that and I have tried the bacon chocolate chip cookies which were also good but not a standout for me personally bottom line: go - they rotate different dishes on the menu based on fresh, local ingredients and is overall a place deserving of its high rating!
I was so hyped up about this place after reading some of the reviews but sadly, I did not share the same opinions as most. The food was quite average despite the efforts to combine different and interesting flavors together. Ordered the fungi pizza, chicken liver mousse, an entire vadalia onion and grilled octopus with eggplant and tomatoes. The pizza had too much tomato sauce taking away from the flavor of the mushrooms. The chicken liver mousse was the best dish (I would order this every time I go back). The service is great. Everyone is friendly and informative of their menu.
At the site of the old Redlight Redlight, they redid it into this amazing restaurant. It has the same vibe of the dimly lit rustic feel to it. Local paintings hung everywhere which is always neat to look at. We had the bison burger and the duck pizza. Both dishes were really delicious. The burger was a bit small but oh my god, it was just so goood. Small selection of beer. But they did carry the better ones there. Service was good. Poor girl dropped a glass of water. Kinda awkward when servers do that. Other than that, she was great. I'll go again.
Had a wonderful server that suggested all the items we tried. Loved everything we ordered!!! We had the fried chicken scotch egg which was their take on chicken and waffle. I'd have to stay it is better than any chicken and waffle dishes that I've tasted so far. We also ordered the poutine that had delicious cheese curds and mushroom sauce with thick cut potatoes. The bison burger with the added egg is perfection!!! To top it off we had the peach tart! My husband is not much into desserts, actually loved it. Keep up the good work The Smiling Bison!!! We will be back.
"John with a J" is the man! Best waiter I've ever had. Great food... Great beer... Great atmosphere. Jazz was the cherry on top. A beautiful non chainy local choice when in Orlando. Can't recommend enough.
Great draft and bottled selection, very "hip" menu items. Prices a few bucks high but not crazy. Food quality exceptional.
Bison ribeye was cooked perfectly and had an amazing salty, rustic flavor accented with the sweet onions and cranberries. Tried the scotch egg and it was divine. The chicken liver mousse was not my thing but 3 members of my party thought it was great. My boyfriend got the duck pizza and he loved it (it's rare for him to compliment food, but he really enjoyed the pizza). Two people ordered the bison burgers and said they were delicious. We also had the bacon cookies which came with a whip cream that is better than the cookies (dip the cookies, much yum). Also ordered chocolate mousse which wasn't very sweet, if you're looking for something that doesn't attack your taste buds but has great texture and is chilled. And finally, the most amazing dish: raspberry tart. GET IT. Tastes home made, flakey crust, fresh berries, worth every calorie.
I am kicking myself for not going to Smiling Bison before today. I am so lucky to have such great places in the general area of my neighborhood, and Smiling Bison may just be one of my favorites. The first thing I love about Smiling Bison is the bike rack right out front. So many places need to  get bike racks in front of their business to cater to the cyclists in the area. Everyday I see more and more bikers, and locking bikes on signs or trees is the not the way to go. Thanks Smiling Bison for the rack! Upon walking in I noticed the music schedule. Umm, wow!!! The night we showed up, Eugene from the Legendary JC's was playing with "friends". When you have a local legend playing in your restaurant/pub, you know what's up. Every other Tuesday is Thomas Wynn. Smiling Bison has plenty of variety in their music, check out their schedule and get there for some great local music. The restaurant itself is pretty simple, a very nice bar, long dining area, and a great area for a stage.  The bar is very nice, and extremely comfortable stools. Great beer and wine selection at the Smiling Bison. Specials on Cigar City cans daily, and a craft beer list that is sure to please anyone. On this chilly, rainy nigh, the Bell's Best Brown Ale, one of my favorites, made me feel right at home. We started with the Pretzels and they were fantastic. The Caraway seeds were the touch that made the difference in these pretzels. Smiling Bison is know for their meats, so I went with the Roast Beef. The sandwich was prefect. No overwhelming amounts of meat, and just enough of horseradish to make this sandwich perfect. The home mad salt and vinegar chips was a great compliment to the sandwich. The service was awesome and attentive. I like restaurants that focus on serving great food and paying attention to guests rather than the uniforms. The staff seemed happy and relaxed. Possibly because they are wearing comfortable jeans and T-shirts. That makes me feel comfortable. Nice job Smiling Bison, I will be riding my bike to sit at your bar often.
