Excellent food! One of a kind! But certainly needs more seating. Maybe outside deck. But love the place!!!! They have become a must eat on the West End
Pulled pork anyone!!?? This place is tucked away in one of winderme's suburbs, and when I say tucked away, I mean it! This has to be the most out of place restaurant I have ever been to, I don't even know how people find this place! When I was following directions from the navigation I thought it was going crazy! Lol, but sure enough we made it. This home-converted into restaurant is a pretty wacky place, that specializes in Creative and out-the-box BBQ sandwiches. When you first walk in it totally looks like the shop store of a cracker barrel big wine selection, homemade BBQ sauce for sale etc. You can either sit in the main dinning room, upstairs or outside which is dog friendly if you have any. So we order the gigantic beef rib, the Mr smokey sandwich and the Rufus sandwich. The beef rib was delicious! Oh and did I mention that it's huge?? Super tender, fatty and juicy. It was perfection with their homemade gold BBQ sauce. The Mr smokey sandwich was Real good, the smoke pineapple was a perfect contrast for the pulled pork. Loved it! The Rufus was also delicious with brie cheese and raspberry Melba really made this pulled pork sandwich special and different in  very good way! This place is counter service so take a menu, get a table and when you have decided come to the counter place your order and they will call your name on the intercom. Prices I think are a bit of the steep side @ $10 per sandwich, though they come with a cole slaw and packed chips I think there should be the option to not get the "combo" since there are people who don't really care for these two additional side items, e.g Moi!! Lol. So def the no chips and cole slaw option should be introduced IMO. All in all, I really enjoy this place and will be back to try their pork ribs.
I could eat here daily... not even joking. I am obsessed with this place... Such an awesome atmosphere, outstanding food quality, and I constantly crave the Johnny Rocket. Lets just say.. I absolutely hate coleslaw, BUT I can't get enough of theirs!!! SOOOO GOOD!! Yellow Dog is always busy, but the service is great! Staff is extremely fast and efficient, and very friendly. I always feel at "home" when I pull up, park, and walk inside. One of my favorite spots, and definitely a highly recommended casual date night spot, if you have yet to check it out!
I ordered a Johnny Rockets sandwich.  It was a huge sandwich with fresh turkey, Brea cheese, large Roman lettuce, and peppers.
My friend Andrea and I ate here today for the first time, and golly we'll be going back again for sure!  We loved everything about this very eclectic place - the interesting art work, the cozy setting, beautiful outdoor seating area and the comfortable atmosphere was only surpassed by the wonderful food and the fabulous staff. The portions are more than generous (two people could easily be filled up by one entree).  Andrea had the "The Holy Crap" - honey mesquite  turkey with avocado, bacon, goat cheese, red onions and basil mayo and man it was delicious!  I had the "Fire Pig" - pulled pork with apple wood smoked bacon, gouda cheese, sriracha and coleslaw rolled up with citrus BBQ sauce in a chipotle wrap.   The place was less than ten miles from the Ikea & Millennium Mall (go west on Convoy and wind your way through a residential area) but honestly, if you love places like this as much as we do (non-commercial with really nice people) then you really should check them out - you'll be happy you did.  Happy eating :)
Let's just say I flew back to San Diego with two bottles of yellow dog sauce in my suitcase. I must admit, I primarily tried this place because I was on vacation in Orlando, missed my own yellow dog, who we call Yellow Dog, at home, and thought the drive our of touristville sounded awesome.  I ate here twice in a week and brought the sauce home.  I had The Rufus, a cupcake, and later a peanut butter sandwich whose name I forgot.  All were delicious.  The prices were in line with what I would expect, and the taste made that a fantastic deal.  I devoured my pulled pork sandwich, and the rest of my group felt equally delighted.  The atmosphere is hard to describe but exactly what I had hoped for, and the staff were all really friendly and helpful.   I'll be back, YDE.
Finally got to check this spot out and glad we did.  Such an excellent, relaxed vibe with excellent BBQ, unique sandwiches with mounds of meat, and at prices that match the quantity and quality.
There is nothing bad on the menu and Fish, the owner, always has some great daily special.  This is the only place that even if I don't care for an ingredient I will keep it on the sandwich.  These creations seem to blend all of the flavors perfectly and I'm afraid if I take something out I miss the experience. The price is reasonable and they also have some pretty tasty deserts to finish it off.
We went finally for lunch because I've heard good things for a few years now. It was busy for lunch. I went inside. Has the ambiance of a beach restaurant mixed with a hippie cafe. Very neat. The staff was very pleasant and so were the patrons. I had the pulled pork sandwich. It was awesome.  The sauce was good. My friend had the salad with cheese crumbles and raspberry vinaigrette. It looked and tasted great. The presentation was that of a high end restaurant.
This is a wonderfully funky hangout that the locals fill every day at lunch for the best sandwiches you can get in Central Florida--and perhaps anywhere. The pulled pork is a favorite, but nothing here is that simple. Add applewood smoked bacon, a hint of raspberry sauce, some of the house-made and bottled mustard BBQ sauces... superb. But my personal favorite is the Kitty Cat Nap salad, Organic greens, raspberry vinaigrette, and the most amazing heap of exotic tuna--filled with craisins, nuts, and Chinese five spice. Owner Fish Morgan circulates and makes everyone feel at home. Well, at home with a wacky brother, anyway! Parking is behind the place through a narrow drive on the left, or across the street. Eat out back, in the charming patio. Yellow Dog is hard to find, but packed every day. That says it all.
There's nothing else in Orlando or Kissimmee like Yellow Dog Eats. Orlando is the land of franchises.  In 8 miles around my workplace, there are 4 TGI Friday's.  So it was to my great surprise that I found something as quirky and unique as Yellow Dog Eats. When a friend or relative comes from out-of-state, this is the place I take them to when I want to give them an experience they are not able to replicate when they go back to their turfs. Basically, YDE is an antique Florida house (rare find, most houses in Central Florida are new...blame the hurricanes) converted into a restaurant with a patio and a second floor for private events and additional seating, Yellow Dog Eats specializes on sandwiches.  That's it.  Sandwiches and wraps and mozzarella salad. You will not find anything with fish, because that would be offensive to the owner/chef (his last name is Fish).  What you will find are great-tasting, healthy-sounding lunch-fare.  My favorite is the "Smokey", which is basically a pulled-pork BBQ sandwich with heaps of meat (I dare you to double-grip it and big-bite it!) and a fantastic sweet sauce that is complemented by a pineapple slice. Everybody that I have taken to YDE has been delighted.  That's 9 different people, 4 out-of-towners, 4 different trips.  That's consistent in my book. They also have fun specials, like the beer-flavored mashed potatoes they did during St. Patty's. Oh, and if you have some room...scratch that! Make some room and try their orange creamsicle cake.  It is so good, my girlfriend requested a whole cake for her birthday and I complied! My only complaint is that this is a way-too-popular-for-its-size place.  Depending at what time you go, you might find yourself with inconvenient parking spaces, a 10-people waiting line and no tables inside, or out in the patio.  I don't know what happens when it's raining.  I have not had the misfortune.   Otherwise, enjoy this casual, fun, not-so-hidden gem of a restaurant and peruse the abundant canine decor (bring a pic of your pooch if you want to add to it!).
Went here with the wife on a Saturday night and after reading the reviews, I was expecting big things. Ordered two sandwiches and some potato salad. Neither of us was impressed with the food or the hefty price tag. We paid about $28 for two sandwiches and sides. I ordered the honey mesquite roasted turkey and it was somewhat strange tasting. The wife didn't love her sandwich either. The potato salad was wierd tasting also. Maybe the bbq is better but we won't be back to find out. UPDATE.... Glad to see the owner cares about feedback and provided a response and kindly offered us some BBQ on the house. unfortunately we aren't pork devourers so we can't partake.
If you are a healthy person, this is the place for you. I didnt want to eat anything like some vegetarian sandwich so I had to eat a pulled pork sandwich and I dont care for pulled pork. Although they have good BBQ sauce. You order at the counter and they bring your food to you, either inside or outside. In Gotha, which is a nice old money part of town. Very scenic cozy spot surrounded by nothing really. Its homes surrounded by homes. I only know of it because I live in the area. Very artistic and super awesome patio outside. We wrote on the fence and read a book after we ate. Just a very casual hip vibe to it. A great place to go on a beautiful day. They sell all kinds of unique stuff on the inside of the place, like sauces and random trinkets. Cons - Limited healthy food options (Im a burger chicken kinda girl). The parking is crappy - I wouldnt park in the back for fear of my car getting hit. I park across the street across from the church.
My neighbor owns this restaurant and I had heard a lot of good things. Went with a coworker for lunch. Had the special Stoner's Delight brisket sandwich $9. Had a pumpkin beer on draft $7. My coworker got the same a dessert he says is amazing. I enjoyed my sandwich and really liked the spicy cole slaw. Wish I could have got more of this unusual slaw. The whole menu is very unique as is the restaurant itself. very hippy vibe. Like that Fish was able to talk to everyone there on a mic. Chickens in the parking lot.
THIS PLACE IS BOMB!!!! I was visiting from Los Angeles. It's always a bit awkward to go into a restaurant in which it seems like it's only frequented by locals so we grabbed 2 menus and sat ourselves. We each ordered a pulled pork sandwich -- Elvis & Famous. The sauce was SOOOOOO DELICIOUS. I wish I bought some to take back. YUMMMY!!!! It was messy but did I say DELICIOUS?! Also, they have special hot sauces -- sooo damn good (also hella spicy!) This place is very very casual. I like it a lot! :) 9 bucks for a sandwich though. It is definitely worth it.
Great food! I ended up eating all of my food and finishing all of my friends food too (it was just too good to have the microwave ruin the flavors on the re-heat). Cool Vibe and great employees that love to put food in your mouth because that is where it tastes good.
Creative food with a creative location. Fish (the owner) is often in the house, but he mainly talks only to the ladies. I love the Mexi Mutt and the Club Elvis. The bathroom upstairs is always clean as the result of less traffic. One day some inconsiderate patrons had their dog in the store that almost resulted in me leaving, but considering that's against Florida Law, I'll look over it and hope that doesn't happen again.
Love this place...wish it wasn't so far away. Love the Caprese salad, desserts, and fun atmosphere. I would definitely recommend making the trip out to Yellow Dog on a nice day. The people who work there are really helpful with ordering. Wish there were a few more non-pork menu options, but in all honesty, they really do have something for everyone.
After a round of golf Yellow dog Eats hit the spot. We followed advice of other Yelper's and started with the tomato/mozzarella salad and cole slaw. Delicious! This was followed by a rack of Ribs. Fabulous!
Disregard the decor (if you're not southern, which I am : ) ) and dive into the food!!!! Great BBQ and wonderful price. Plenty of beer and wine and the staff is happy to suggest things to get you started. I'll def be back!
Wonderful, fresh eats! Oh, what I would do for good eats?!  My boyfriend and I came across a write up of this place on 10best, and we figured," Why not?!" and we didn't regret it. This place is definitely off the beaten path for tourists like myself.  It's slightly away from all the theme parks and seemingly in an affluent part of Orlando.  (There was a PGA tourney starring Tiger, the day we went.) So, back to the food.  It's good.  It's fresh and the combinations are mind puzzling, yet palette pleasing.  For us, it was worth the journey and I would definitely go back, if I ever return to Orlando. I'm from California, so the wine selection didn't impress me.  However, the selection of iced teas was great!  I love the white tea with ginger... yum!
First time eating here, will definitely be back. I had the Mexican Mutt, Wife had the Blue Suede Shoes and Mother-in-law had the Fire Pig. All the sandwiches were excellent with great combinations of flavors, smoky sweet meaty, spicy all wrapped up in yummy wraps. The penne pasta salad was a great refreshing side with lots of basil and drizzled with a very tasty balsamic vinaigerette. The Orlando Brewing Company Blonde Ale was cool and refreshing and flavored teas were excellent. I highly recommend trying this place if you get a chance, Chef Fish even gave me a big hug on the way out, very heartfelt and a nice gesture I have not seen any where else.
Went to see what all the positive reviews were about. We tried the Holy crap, the Rufus and the 1/2 rack of ribs. The food was excellent my daughter loved the Holy Crap, my wife thought the Rufus was ok, and the ris were very good. So why 3 stars? We went on a Wednesday afternoon at 2 pm ordering was easy but we waited 45 minutes for the food to be ready. We were also not impressed  by the seemingly random parking situation (a delivery truck blocked the exit). The decor although different could use some serious cleaning (check out the carpet area). So I averaged the 4 for food and the generous 2 for service/decor and gave them a 3.
Area and atmosphere is low key. Definitly dog fans, so bring your dog. Chef is well renown. This place is rated top 2 places to go in Orlando on the trip advisor. Ppl all the way from Ireland come here to try their sandwiches. My favorite is the Rufus! Their pulled pork is infamous! It's juicy, tender, and sooo succulent... It has a little kick to it, the brie and rasberry melba compliments the pulled pork... Evthg is just.... Wonderfully delectable.... Drool.... Ooh and if you want a refreshing appetizer, get the fresh mozzarella salad! I tell everyone that goes to FL. that they have to go there!
Yellow Dog Eats is the place you wish you had found long before now.  Friendly staff, excellent food and an eclectic atmosphere make Yellow Dog one of the Orlando Areas best of the beaten path restaurants.  The uniquely blended flavors result in some of the best BBQ creations anywhere.  It ain't your grandma's pulled pork sandwich, but you just might find yourself drooling like a Hound Dog over some Blue Suede shoes.  (that line will be funnier after you read the menu - trust me!) Yellow Dog Eats gets my vote for best sandwich in Orlando.
The rumors are true. This place is AWESOME!!!  Get in your car right now and drive out to Gotha.  The Club Elvis is the best BBQ pork sandwich I've ever had.  The Gouda, bacon bits and house BBQ sauce really took it to another level.  They also had a pretty good craft beer selection and delicious desserts.  Get there early and grab a table out back in the shaded courtyard. The only regret you'll have is that you haven't tried YDE sooner.
I love yellow dog eats. I had never heard of it until Trip Advisor, and I live in the Orlando Area. It's definitely worth the drive out to Windermere. Nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city Very Tasty food prepared with Care.  Many vegetarian options. Homey family style eating. The outdoor eating area is fantastic.
This place is a find! I was visiting Orlando and was looking for a hole in the wall with great food, so I turned to Yelp. This was the top recommendation, and I couldn't have been more pleased. If I opened up a place like this in my hometown, I  seriously think I'd become rich. Amazing food and great atmosphere.
I would definitely give this place 5 stars if it weren't so darn busy / packed all the time!  It's so good that the line almost goes out the back door when we've been there! All of the food is EXCELLENT!  The service is great as well!  It's a quaint little place that does very well, as seen by the fact that the parking lot is chock full during standard meal times. My favorite dish are the chicken nachos - soooooo good!!!
Tried the "Club Elvis" sandwich and fell in love.  I am not sure what is in their special sauce, but it is delicious.  The atmosphere is fun too with the owner often getting on the intercom system and talking to the whole restaurant as if you've been friends for quite some time.   For added kicks, you can bring a picture of your dog and hang it on the wall.  So, if you are looking to have a meal off-the-beaten path, then you can't go wrong with the unique dining experience at the Yellow Dog.
If Jerry Garcia were still alive, he would want to eat here. The food is so incredible, just let the flavors wash through you.  The only thing that is a negative here is the parking, but they have strung it out over a couple of lots to help out.  This is kitschy to the max, there is something to see in every corner of the wonderful restaurant.  If you are lucky, you will get to see Fish himself come out and chat with the patrons.  Just an awesome guy, seems super nice and has extraordinary taste buds.  We always sit in the garden - just chocked full of pottery, pots, plants and now a stage - it appears he is in the music biz.  This would be an ideal for any local band wanting to play to an enthusiastic group of satisfied eaters.   You can't be anything but filled to the gills at Yellow Dog Eats, the barbecue is wonderful, so warm yet addicting - try the Elvis, the addition of bacon is so perfect.  My husband loves the Firepig wrap and I admit that when they make the chicken and feta tacos that is my first choice.  Also carries Lost Coast beer - my favorite - so we are set.   So fight your way to find a parking space, wait in line, find a spot in the garden and devour the best food in Orlando.  I wished I lived closer.  Oh yes, when you see the clucking chickens in the street, you are nearby.  Look for old VW buses and their catering truck.  If they get this music thing going, then truly, YDE is complete.
Great service and the food is awesome! It's crowded and plan on a line just like any other incredible restaurant. If you're ever in Orlando it's worth the trip!
I LOVE finding little local spots like this. Food was amazing and bought the BBQ and hot sauce also. Awesome atmosphere and great eating outdoors
Holy Crap- the Holy Crap the best sandwich I think I've ever had. This place is ruling in the food department. I can not go there and not leave happy. I bring everyone I know, in town and from out of town and they all leave as addicted as I am. The owner takes serious pride in his work and it shows. I swear little gold beams come from the container of fresh mozzarella and tomato salad and go straight to me heart, this is what dreams are made of. You may leave spending a little more than you thought you might but that is only because you can't read that menu, look at the goodies in the cases, and the beer available and not want it all. What you get here is fresh, made with love, amazing ass food.
A must stop, local BBQ joint that has a charming location, eclectic decor and absolutely fantastic food. If you love BBQ, you will love Yellow Dog Eats. The place resides in what appears to be an old store or home from the early 1900's right in the heart of Gotha. The food is always super fresh.  Even though the line (often out the door) is crazy long, once your food gets put in the system in comes out pretty fast.  If you're visiting Orlando and looking for a unique place to eat, definitely stop here. Wine and Beer is offered too.
Yellow Dog has so many loyal followers and I think it is for this reason alone that I have tried it as many times as I have.  I keep thinking "Maybe THIS time will be the visit that impresses me!"  And it never happens.  I LIKE the food, but for the $40+ dollars for two meals that I am paying to: Wait on a long cramped line to get my order taken, find a table outside or in said cramped dining room, wait a very long time for my food (on my last visit it was over 45 minutes for my turkey sandwich and my wife's wrap...it's not always that long, but I'm always waiting a little longer than it should take), get called on the speaker and push my way through all the people waiting for their food to the counter and then push my way back without dropping my food (I've NEVER been offered help by the staff even when carrying four plates).  Then comes the part that is enjoyable: eating.  I do like the food, but it stops at like.  I'm never amazed.  And it's how much for a smallish sandwich with a bag of chips?  Seriously? OK, fine. So I eat my sandwich and my bag of chips and then when I'm all done, I get to bus my own table. Lucky me! Above all, the service here sucks.  It's not BAD service, you just aren't served. I have never had any of the staff come by and ask how the food was or if they can clear something for me or if they can get me a refill (and I've been there over a dozen times).  So what exactly am I paying for?  At Tijuana Flats which has the same ordering procedure, but then the food is brought out to me and EVERY TIME I go there someone comes up to me and asks if I want a refill or something.  Every time. (I'm not a big fan of Tijuana either, just using it as an example) So...what  am I paying for? The "TGIFriday's from Hell" decorating style?  The "satisfaction" of supporting a local business?  If you want to charge $9 and up for a regular-size sandwich with bag chips or $13 and up for salads then FINE. But have the service to match.  For the same price, I can go to The Cheesecake Factory, also always crowded, but get great service.  I can go to 4Rivers for half the price, still wait on a long line, but be greeted with a smile. I can go to Taquitos Jalisco and get amazing service.  I can run up to Plant Street in Winter Garden and support any number of local businesses like Harry and Larry's or the locally sourced Al Fresco.  So there it is.  They have used up all the strikes with me and I won't be sending anyone their way.  I'm not reacting to one bad experience, this is just how I feel after going many times thinking I just payed what for this?  No thank you. Service: Non-existent. Food: Good, but does not live up to the hype. Atmosphere: Quirky/kitschy...the outside is nice, especially at night. Price: Over-priced. Way over-priced.
After perusing the menu, I decided to order the Kitty Kat, a $9.95 sandwich consisting of "all white albacore tuna salad, distinctive teriyaki marinade, dried cranberries, onions with crisp leaf lettuce, orange-cointreau mayonnaise, sunflower sprouts, and Gouda served on a multigrain bread." This sandwich was AMAZING!  Easily the best tuna salad I've ever had, with the orange cointreau mayonnaise and teriyaki marinade adding layer upon layer of flavor to a fairly ordinary dish.  Before we got our food, I was wondering if any tuna salad could be worth $10, and this was!  We were very, very happy campers. My husband ordered the White Trash, a pulled pork barbeque sandwich served on "Sunbeam white bread topped with spicy coleslaw, Gouda cheese, and bacon" for $9.95. The bread largely disintegrated, which he thought was the whole point of it, and the barbeque tasted great.  He wished that it had been pulled a bit better, since there were a few large chunks that were difficult to get through, and thus missed the sauce.  He also thought that the Gouda was too weak to stand up to the boldness of the sauce.  This barbeque sauce was a bright orange sauce, possibly mustard based, since it wasn't vinegar or tomato-based.  It was sweet, but also pretty spicy, and the coleslaw was also pretty spicy.  He really likes coleslaw with his barbeque, so he enjoyed this very much.  It was  big sandwich and very filling.  The thick, distinctively-flavored bacon was fried to a crisp and so added a very nice crispy texture to the sandwich. While we were finishing up, the owner, Fish Morgan, stopped by our table.  We told him that it was our first visit, and he said that he had something that he wanted us to try.  He went into the kitchen and came back with a thick, decadent slice of chocolate ganache cake, surrounded by four mounds of whipped cream.    He said that even people who didn't care for chocolate enjoyed this cake, and I can easily believe that.  It was so incredibly luscious, rich, and creamy, that I ate until I thought I would burst! Overall, we enjoyed our lunch at the Yellow Dog Eats very much, and we will definitely return when we're next in the Ocoee/Gotha area.  Five stars within its category to the Yellow Dog Eats! If you're interested in the full review, with photos, you can visit our site at hpandaw.wordpress.com Cheers! Heather W
Great vegetarian options.
Let's call it, rustic charm.  Friendly, eclectic, outdoorsy.  Probably was once a sprawling house.  I had an Elvis.  Huge pulled pork sandwich, chips and a quarter dill pickle.  Food was good, not great.  Probably worth another visit.
Fun place! Good food! Had BBQ--the Drunken Club Elvis and the Rufus. Can't wait to go back to try their other sandwiches.
This is honestly my favorite place to eat. I can take my dog and peacefully enjoy lunch in the back patio/garden. I highly recommend the Puppy Love sandwich. I'd say it's what a pb&j hopes to become one day. Perfect place with outstanding food.
Simple --- Best pulled pork ever.
It's a really good place to chill and relax.   I really enjoy the atmosphere.  The outside patio is very nice and worth checking out.  I have eaten there several time and I have always left satisfied.
All I can say is Yellow Dog Eats is the bomb.  I've tried everything on the menu and it's ALL GOOD.  My favorites are the BBQ because they smoke their own meat (pulled pork, ribs, chicken). Their daily specials are always amazing - Pulled Pork Nachos, Mahi Wowi Taco's and the list goes on and on!!!!   What's sets Yellow Dog apart is the LOVE they put in the food.  This place has character and the staff are some of the nicest people in town!!  You'll most likely find Fish, the owner, perusing through the restaurant making sure everyone is happy and yelling out the daily specials to people as they walk in the door. Enjoy and don't go to often because I don't like to wait too long for my food.
Delightful menu, compiled by a chef who knows how to mix flavors well.  Everything balances well, so I don't have to fear the possibility of my beer being the only thing that makes sense within the meal. A big deal, for me, is a meal not angering me to pay for it.  If I take a bite of something, and realize I could've very well opened my own fridge and put it together without a second thought, I show some disapproval for the establishment.  Yellow Dog is always a great first bite that makes me glad I left the house.  It's worth the visit.
Insanely good food - I've had 4-5 different things there and they're all super-delicious. This isn't run-of-the mill food, it's sandwiches, salads, and soups created by a culinary pro. Very cool atmosphere also - it's an old restored house. People that work there are all really cool. Bonus entertainment value if Fish the owner is there. Sample the house-made bbq sauce while you're there - outstanding.
Amazing! Recently went for the first time back in October and I was so amazed by the quality of the food and rich flavors of their pulled pork. I had to eat there two days in a row. Had the Drunken Pig on my first visit and I was just hooked on this place. Came back the very next day and had the Rufus with a fantastic slice of their Oreo Pie. The staff is very, very friendly and they offer great suggestions. Be sure to follow them on Facebook for mouthwatering daily specials. If you have the chance to visit this great little place in Gotha, then do so. Don't miss it!
Oh my god... If I could eat here every day of my life I would!!! Amazing pulled pork sandwiches and so much more.... The Rufus is my absolute fav. get it with everything on top! The owner Fish is super friendly. Go there when the weather is nice and your can sit outside and bring your dog!
Be prepared to over eat. So good. Pulled pork salad, potato salad. Delicious, big portions, reasonable prices. I haven't tried the dessert yet but bought some for the road. Cool venue, writing on the walls, looks like they serve beer and wine, but I wasn't drinking today. Service is friendly and fast.
It KILLS me to do this. I'm in town from New York for the month and had been dying to try YDE because I kept driving past it on my way to rehearse daily. One day I stopped in and then proceeded to eat at Yellow Dog Eats three days straight for lunch and experienced AMAZING food. Like, mind blowing. But then returned two days ago and ordered "Fido's Feast" and it was so spicy that I couldn't taste any of the sandwich's ingredients. Majorly disappointing. I thought based on my first few visits I'd be eating at YDE for the duration of my stay in Orlando, but am now a little hesitant to go back!
We stopped today and as we were leaving, we said we WILL be back. This eclectic little gem is a find for anyone. It isn't easy to get there, but it is worth the effort. It is packed with a funky little  style, as well as people, so come with a good sense of humor, a sense of eventure and a desire to be impressed. Do not miss this place
What a great place with a wonderful atmosphere. Sadly it was a rainy day when I visited so I didn't get to dine in the new garden, but I'll be back to do that very soon! I got the Buffalo Wrap and the tomato-mozzarella salad. Delish. I topped it off with a beer as well. Hit the spot. I went with friends and we took the kids and everyone enjoyed it. I can't wait to go back. Definitely a local spot to check out if you're in the area.
What's to say that hasn't already been said?  Just visiting the area for a convention, and I always try to get to YDE when I'm in the Orlando area.  I had the special whcih sounded really bizarre (can't remember the name) because it had mac & cheese and the beer cheese soup right on the pulled pork, as well as their BBQ sauce.  It was completely delicious, though it was definitely a fork and knife deal, not a sandwich. It'a not 5-star fine dining, but in terms of the flavors, the friendly staff, and especially the value, it's 5-stars in my book...
This place has a weird set up and was mildly confusing to order.  When you go in you go through the outside, find the inside, then go to the counter and grab a menu and then find the back of the line.  We were menu-less for half our wait (which was a quick wait) but I didn't want to be "that guy" so I had to decide quick!   I hope these instructions benefit you (in case you are a little challenged like me).  Also you choose your own table, and bus it yourself when you are done, really the set up of this place is a little tricky for first-timers.  That said I love it!  The service is great, the people are very friendly, and there are photo ops/cute decorations etc.  I had the pulled pork sundae--pulled pork w/ cheese, bacon, sour cream, BBQ sauce, etc, all made to look like an icecream sundae and served in a waffle cone cup.  Super cool!  It was really good although not amazing.  What I really loved was the avocado hummus--I could eat a bucket of it.  I would definitely come back if I was in the area again.
I'm not a fan of barbecue by any means. Yellow Dog changed that. Whenever I'm nearby I make sure I stop by. The sandwiches can be a little messy (my personal favorite is The Rufus, Frisky), but it's worth it. The sandwiches are all creative and taste unbelievably incredible. The owner is super friendly every time we see him. Once when I mentioned Yellow Dog at work, four of my coworkers immediately launched into gushing about how much they loved it, too. It's a large portion of food for a great price, and you can tell by the crowds that come during rush hour. Even if you're like me and not a barbecue fan, give it a shot- I bet you'll love it, too.
My favorite dining spot in all of Orlando! Great food, wonderful atmosphere, good people. I love the herbivore menu, the homemade sangria and the new bar!!
Great BBQ in a hidden location. Get our your GPS and bring your appetite!!!
Great to go to a nice place that isn't in a strip mall, shopping mall or the main drag through town. Great regular menu, but the daily specials (broadcast on twitter and fb) will usually start the drooling and the car well before noon. The Pulled Pork Nachos are beyond description and if we see that as a special of the day, it's a mandatory stop for our day. Hit this place. You will not regret it.
My girlfriend heard about yellow dog from a friend, claiming it had some good bbq. As soon as I walked in the door I knew I would back again. The smell is amazing, the pulled pork is so tender and amazing. I got the club Elvis: generous portion of pulled pork on a fresh roll, chef fish's citrus bbq sauce, crispy chopped up Bacon, smoked gouda, and fried onion slivers. If you could only imagine the most delicious thing ever conceived, this is it. Served with fresh coleslaw and crispy potatoes chips mmmmmm.... Make a trip in to yellow dog eats cafe, you'll enjoy the drive into windemere and the food is top notch.
Yummy, original menu that takes food to a new level.  You can't find these food creations just anywhere.  I would leave the Interstate for a dining experience like this - truly not your run-of-the-mill fare. I've been here a number of times over the past 5 years and have never been disappointed.  Food is pricey but the value is there.  Atmosphere has been upgraded since their fire last year but the place still has all the funk and charm one would hope for. I'll be back!
I was recently visiting some family members in Orlando & they brought us to this little haven. WOW!!! The sandwiches are amazing & the smell of their pork is to die for. The bistro like feel of this unexpected & out of the way restaurant adds to its uniqueness & we will unquestionably be back next month when we visit Orlando again. I'm so glad my family brought us here instead of the regular fast food sandwich shops.
Delicious. I had this place recommended to me from a couple different people and finally got around to trying it yesterday. The food serving is a lot so make sure to come hungry. You can also ask for anything "drunk" which makes each meal come with the beer and cheese soup on it!
If you have a sense of fun and a palate that appreciates creative but simple food that is above all else, wonderfully tasty, you owe it to yourself to visit Yellow Dog Eats in Windermere, FL.  After you have tried it once, you will be back again and again. Located in what was once a solitary general store/post office in the midst of vast acres of orange groves, Yellow Dog Eats is now surrounded by affluent homes.  Nevertheless, it has managed to keep its "off the beaten path" feel.  When entering Yellow Dog Eats at the lunch hour, don't be surprised to find yourself searching for a table and possibly hovering near diners who are almost finished eating in the hope of both hurrying them along and securing their table even before the last member of their party has gotten up to leave.  There is no table service at YDE so after finding a table, you will next find yourself -- or more specifically, one member of your party will find himself or herself -- standing in line with the rest of the crowd placing an order at the cashier's counter.  It all adds to the ambience, which is made almost carnival like by Fish, YDE's owner/chef who keeps the restaurant teeming with positive energy. The menu at YDE features creative sandwiches and salads made with the freshest of ingredients and inspired culinary skill.  It is not difficult to make a sandwich.  It is difficult, however, to make a sandwich that is original, tasty and appealing to both the eye and the palate.  YDE succeeds on all points. Today, my wife and I took our dog to YDE for lunch.  YDE welcomes canine companions to join their owners for lunch or dinner on the patio.  Points to Fish for allowing guests to bring well behaved dogs because, without our dog, we usually do not go for lunch.   My wife and I both enjoyed a cup of tomato basil soup to start.  The soup was full of rich heavy cream and chunky pieces of stewed tomatoes and torn pieces of fresh basil.  It was simple, flavorful and the perfect start to our meal.  The cashier scored some extra points by giving me the recipe before I left. My wife ordered the Retriever's Roast sandwich: seasoned medium rare roast beef, locally grown tomatoes, lettuce, smoky pommerey mustard, caramelized onions and gouda on multi-grain bread.  In close to two decades of marriage, I don't think I have ever seen my petite wife finish a sandwich -- until today.  She was very happy with every morsel of it! I enjoyed the Black Lab's Lunch: A spinach tortilla spread with just the right amount of homemade hummus and then filled with shredded carrot, sauteed baby bella mushrooms, carmelized onions, cucumbers baby corn, tomato, sprouts and feta cheese with a buttermilk-wasabi dressing.  It was the perfect vegetarian sandwich and I savored every bite.  It really had a wonderful texture and an outstanding blend of warm, cool, crunchy and soft elements.  Really an outstanding sandwich. Both sandwiches were served with Yellow Dog Eats homemade coleslaw, which was a standard raisin and cabbage slaw brought to new heights by the addition of wonderfully complex spicing (nutmeg? allspice?  I'm not sure.  But I am sure that I loved it and that I was very happy that my wife was too full to eat hers!).   Sandwiches are also served with a bag of Miss Vicky's potato chips.  The chips are very good, as bagged chips go, but if I have one minor criticism of YDE, it is its choice of potato chip.  Although Miss Vicky's offers excellent flavor and quality, the chips are made on machinery that also uses peanut oil.  That means that some people with peanut allergies cannot eat them.  I encourage YDE to change to a brand that does not use peanut oils and is not manufactured on machinery that uses peanut oils.  That, of course, is a relatively minor point (except for people with peanut allergies) and does not take away from the delight we experienced in dining at Yellow Dog Eats. Yellow Dog Eats has a one-person unisex bathroom.  Given the number of people using it, YDE does a great job of keeping it clean.  Toilet and sink were very clean when I poked my head in.  There were a couple of paper towels on the floor but I suspect they were left there by the patron who had used the facility a moment before I checked it. Yellow Dog Eats is a great find off the beaten track in Orlando.  If you want a great dining experience that is decidedly different from chain dining, you can find no better place than to visit Yellow Dog Eats for lunch or a light dinner.
Amazing!!!! From Tampa & must come every time I visit Orlando. Seriously, wicked BBQ. Everything is homemade & delicious! Nachos will blow your mind! Down home BBQ, party in your Tummy. Thank you
I have to say I've only been in Orlando for 2 months, but I think I found my place to take out of towners.  I don't think I've ever had a better pulled pork sandwich, and I've been all over the US. Yellow Dog Eats is a unique place that was recommended by my vet tech who just so happened to be in culinary school.  He said listen, you have to go to this place called Yellow Dog Eats, the chef's name is Fish.  I thought it was strange and I was intrigued.  And so it started.  I had the pleasure of going to Yellow Dog this past weekend, and I am so glad I did.  For one thing, this isn't your usual restaurant.  First off, it's actually a remodeled home.  It is absolutely homey inside and the decor is very eclectic to say the least.  Pictures of previous customers and their four legged friends adorn the door frames and cover the walls. Yellow Dog being a dog friendly restaurant earn 2 stars from me now that I have a puppy ;) . They have something for everyone here with not only sandwiches, soups and salads but what they are known better for is their BBQ.  My wife being a pseudo vegan was in heaven because they have many vegetarian options which is awesome since I can come here for the BBQ and my wife can come for the unique and creative veggie sandwiches.   So about that BBQ.  I usually don't swear on here because I like to keep it professional. But the BBQ is fucking delicious.  It's out of this world.  I've never had "gold" sauce.  Coming from Chicago we have that rich dark sauce and I had never been exposed to anything so light as the gold sauce at Yellow Dog. But it was awesome.  I ended up getting the Rufus which is their traditional pulled pork sandwich with melted Brie, Raspberry Melba.  I got it with fried onions and bacon and I have to say it was unbelievable.  The pulled pork was tender and juicy, the bbq sauce had the right amount of heat.  Brie and Raspberry just made it come altogether.  I think next time I would try the Elvis as that seems more traditional but this was still absolutely delicious.   I think the best part about YD is that they have so many different things to choose from, and they do specials daily which they post on Facebook.  I love how into social media they are and I think that is important nowadays for businesses.  I look forward to giving Fish and the rest of YD my business for as long as I am in the Orlando area.  Great Job Guys!!
Eat here and leave stuffed with BBQ goodness! The food was nearly awesome, the service "Meh". Let's start with the decor... I love the look of the place. It looks like a renovated home that is eclectic and cluttered inside. Not only does dog art adorn the walls but also photos of diner's pups and diner's graffiti. My favorite place to dine is out back in the garden. We ate here on the first cool day of the season and it was lovely. There is lots of shade and mist fans blowing. We grabbed one of the cement tables on the deck. You feel like you are in the country! What let us down here was service. The only employee we saw was the girl working the cash register. She wasn't very helpful when obviously it was our first time and we were a little lost. She wasn't very friendly or organized. In fact, we thought she was probably stoned. She acted like it anyway! When she was dishing me a piece of the the amazing orangesicle cake another costumer asked, "Ooo, what is THAT?" to which the girl barked, "Don't order it!" She then softened her tone and said, "Just kidding, it's our orangesicle cake". She was having problems getting the super moist cake on my plate and didn't want to have to do it for someone else! The food was ALMOST amazing. I love the creative sandwich combinations you can chose from. Based on other Yelp reviews we ordered a Mr. Smokey for me and a Rufus for my husband. These sandwiches are HUGE! I ate at 3pm and was not hungry the rest of the day. The flavors melded wonderfully together but the pork itself has some dry and charred parts. Too bad. The potatoes were not all they were cracked up to be and all of it was a little spicy. I actually preferred the slaw, which was spicy too. Yes, I'm wimp. I don't do spicy but have been trying to work up from mild to medium. So, although it was slightly spicy I could tolerate it. Desserts were wonderful- don't overlook the case just past the counter. The favorite was the orangesicle cake- moist and heavenly. Oh, so good! The cookie sandwich was OK- the flavor was right but the cookie a little too crunchy for my taste. The filling was not buttercream as the counter girl had said but was actually cream cheese icing. It was delicious. Overall we like Yellow Dog Eats and would come back. This is the kind of place you'd want to bring out of town guests to showcase a good, local dining establishment.
One of my favorite places to go and bring friends from out of town. Unique atmosphere and food choices for everyone, from BBQ to vegan.
This place has the most laid back comfortable atmosphere. Besides the menagerie of puppy photos and graffiti all over the walls, the combinations of sandwich ingredients and special orders is equally mesmerizing: try the pulled pork wrap, served on a bun with the coleslaw on the sandwich and not on the side. You won't have to eat again for the rest of the week!
Loved the vibe and feel of Yellow Dog Eats... For those looking for a 'local' joint and get away from the chains on your Orlando visit YDE is a must stop! The wife and I split a 1/2 rack and a Mr. Smokey... I'm glad a friend of ours had  recommended this place on our visit was easily one of our favorite stops and meals on our vacation.
Food.  Real, glorious food.  So glad to have finally stumbled across this place.  We went for the first time today.  Had 2 variations of the pulled pork, I had mine with Brie and a few other toppings.  Oh man.  Oh man o man o melt in my mouth goodness.  We will be back to this place.  Great items in their little store, sauces and such.  Patio looks nice too, when we come back in nice weather we will check it out.
I enjoy YDE and all is fresh, interesting food.  I just don't always enjoy the prices.  That's my biggest issue. If you want soup and a sandwhich there's no deal it's just full price all the way.  If you want the special of the day it's almost always over 10 and that's just the food.  I would eat there more often if it wasn't so expensive.
One of my family's favorite places to eat.  The food is fantastic, the atmosphere is eclectic and it is very unique.  I am a fan of their baby back ribs.  I am not a big mustard barbecue sauce person, but their's is "Out of This World."  It is very busy around dinner time on the weekends so wither get their early or get there late. The owner, Fish, is very welcoming and entertaining!! Rock On!!!!
Love everything about it. Yes, you have to order standing up. Yes, you have to bring your own food. Yes, you have to throw your trash. It's no struggle at all to do all those small things, which take like, 2 minutes of your day. The food is great. Price is reasonable. Atmosphere is awesome! Try to avoid the crowded saturdays though...
Living by Avalon, this is a long way (40min); but well worth it.  Went for a family member's birthday who lives in Palm Bay (over an hour drive).  Everyone was happy with their food.  There was a long line.  Great BBQ and imaginative, but delicious, sandwiches.
The salmon salad was healthy and delicious.  I didn't have room for dessert, but they all looked great in the display counter.
Stopped here with the girlfriend and the kid.  I had the holy crap sand-which while the girlfriend and kid shared the nachos.  My sammy was ok, it was meant to be their take on the turkey club and it was decent enough, but nothing surprising.  I didn't care that it came with a bag of chips... from the way this place seems to roll, I expected home made chips or something...  The girlfriend ordered the nacho's but with the chicken vs the pulled pork because the menu said that it was Gluten Free if ordered with chick vs the pork. So after we ordered and sat down, our name was called over the speaker only to be told that the chicken is marinated in Soy Sauce and its not gluten free.  So it was a little disappointing that they said one thing on the menu and yet it was wrong.  I will give kudos to the cook who noticed and called us to help us out.  The nachos seemed good enough but nothing out of this world.   So the atmosphere here is great... its quirky decorations and outdoor dining is where its at, but it was quickly ruined on this busy Saturday by a guy on a microphone spouting off the sloppy joe special and trying to sell deserts for everyone to hear.  We think he thought he was funny, but he was rather annoying and made some guests feel uncomfortable with his high pressure sales bit. Would I return.  Yeah I would to give it another chance and try another item on the menu, its a neat place and I think maybe there are other items that could be a lot better and maybe it was just the crowd of people that seemed off.
I love the classic club and the brownies with cream cream. Everything here is great! I try to go before the lunch crowd, it can get chaotic. Great place, great food, great atmosphere! i love this place
OMG. The food here is amazing, but prepare yourself. You will leave here stuffed because the sandwiches are huge and have the so much meat in them. This is by far the best barbecue that I have had down here in Florida. The atmosphere is awesome. Make sure you sit on the back patio. It's pretty cool. There are lots of stringed lights over the patio, which adds to the atmosphere. Apparently there is also an upstairs seating area.  We came on a Saturday evening and they had a good band playing, which was awesome.  There is even a pretty neat old VW, which you check out towards the back of the patio. When you first walk in the door, pick up a menu at the counter because you order your food and drinks right there. If you sit upstairs, you pick up your food at the counter, but if you sit outside, they will bring your food directly to your table. The desserts are to die for! Try the brownies. They are the tastiest option.
Love the brand new herbivore section on the menu! There's a good chunk of vegan options too. Awesome.
Food is so good! It is pricey so this is not a place i come to often. The landscaping here is very nice I always sit outside. The last time I was here they had live music (that was actually pretty good) and the chickens from the neighboring home were wondering about. Wonderful place I wish it was a little easier on the pockets though.
Wonderful, creative and fast. MANY vegetarian options and most can be made vegan. Healthy salads too. We had 2 of the wraps which were delicious.  Watch out if they say spicey.....they are not kidding.  Not bad for a barbecue!  But I have to assume from the mouthwatering aromas and full tables that the meat is delicious too. Traveling on Florida's Turnpike we took a chance based only on the number of stars It was definitely worth the short detour.
This place definitely has a uniqueness about it. Literally every inch of it, from walking around (Watch your step) to the food (Pigs are in almost anything) to how you get your food. When I was there last with a few friends, the caller was very funny calling up our friend referring her in a more masculine way. When I ate there last, I had the Holly Crap. It was a solid sandwich, toasted well, good flavor and finished well. Anyway, this place is an experience to say the least.
Yellow Dog Eats is literally walking distance from my home in Windermere. Fresh brewed coffee in the morning from here is great! I usually stop in to get my favorite sandwich, the Johnny Rocket - turkey sandwich on bread with sweet fruity relish, and a side of macaroni or potato salad. Sometimes I get a Chicken Waldorf salad with mixed greens and that always fills me up! Their fresh brewed ice teas are also pretty refreshing. On a beautiful day, sit outside in the back garden patio, its relaxing! The owner, Fish Morgan is a super sweet guy. He is usually found supervising or just chatting away with locals that come by. Oh yeah, if you look on the wall of pictures, you will probably see a photo of my grey Weimaraner with a blue collar. He loves showcasing that in his cafe! :)
Been coming here for years and there is definitely a reason why they are always so busy. The food is always quality and very consistent. I now almost always order a Holy Crap and don't look back. The parking can be tough if you try to go during peak hours (lunch & dinner) but with all the additional parking they have added isn't too bad. A hidden gem for central Florida.
We drive several miles out of our way, off the Turnpike, to hit this place every time we are driving thru Orlando. It looks close on the map, but there's quite a few turns and miles of residential roads to get here. But yeah, totally worth it. The owner (at least I presume he is) is absolutely in love with his job, and that makes all the difference. Constantly smiling, joking with customers, and the best all-around attitude of any business owner I can remember encountering. The sandwich selections are just incredible - unique approaches to condiments and blends of meats and veggies. Nice selection of beer (but bottled only - bummer), and yummy desserts. The outdoor dining area is artsy, rustic, and fun. Inside is a bit crowded, but very charming. All the other reviews do it justice - there's a reason (or rather, a bunch of reasons) this place is #1 in the area. Just go.
Great place! Just wish it wasn't so far away....Had lunch here on a Sunday afternoon. The weather was gorgeous, so the outside seating was perfect. Had the Holy Crap sandwich and the Pigs with Benefits Wrap. Both were delicious. Also had the beer cheese soup, YUM!
Ignore the "hippies use side door" sign and walk right in.  5 stars for barbeque, atmosphere, friendly and quick service and attitude.  When we arrived there was a rooster and hen in the road halting traffice and another rooster and hen perched in the tree by the front door - all adding to the enjoyable experience!
Quite grungy joint but pretty yummy pulled pork BBQ. The reviews and word of mouth led us to this place for lunch. You could easily miss it while driving down the road, because it looks just like one of the houses. Parking is behind the house...and watch out for chickens running around. :-) Food was definitely unique and tasty...but I'm not a huge fan of BBQ really. If you like BBQ...think of this place as the BBQ version of PR's Taco Palace off of Fairbanks. Enjoy!
I had been hearing about this place for a while, and had yet to make the trip from my downtown bubble... wow, am I glad I did. After countless u-turns and curse words at my iphone's gps, we arrived at this place I shall now refer to as Heaven. My first thoughts were A) where the &#*$ are we? B) is this someone's house? and C) did I just get teleported to a hippie mountain town??? The first thing I see is a sign which read "hippies use back door." This looked like a place you would see in Asheville, NC or another cute mountain town... not the tourist trap that is Orlando. This immediately brought a huge smile to my face. There is outdoor seating in their backyard garden area.. complete with adorable knick knacks, flowers, colorful ceramics, oh I just LOVED it.  Ok, enough gushing about the place and onto the food. THE FOOD. ohhhhh the food. Even though the place itself was ridiculously cute, they could have served their food on the exit ramp of I-4 and I would still have no complaints. We started off with the oven roasted potato salad which was the only thing I wasn't thrilled about. It was served cold, with not a lot of flavor.. We then decided to try the tomato and mozzarella one which was SO MUCH BETTER. Marinated in olive oil and spices, the mozzarella was fresh and so creamy and just a delight. Since I am always indecisive, the bf and I split the Blue Suede Shoes- (bbq pork, bleu cheese, bacon, scallions and red onion) and the Mr. Smokey- (bbq pork with a smoked pineapple, fried onions, crisp bacon) The BSS- delish.. everything about it was just top notch. However, the Mr. Smokey was so insanely good that the BSS got pushed out of the way. Can we talk about the bacon for a minute??? They smoke it on the premises. I know a lot of places advertise "crispy" bacon because I mean really, soggy bacon is like someone stealing your parking spot.. just wrong.  Well this is NO joke. It was the best bacon I've ever had. Even after sitting on the sandwich with a juicy pineapple, it didn't lose one bit of its crispiness. WOW, defying the laws of science. The bbq sauce is yellow which makes me believe that its a mustard based, but still perfectly sweet...they even sell it by the bottle. Just go here. You can complain about the drive on the way there but when you leave, you're going to have a hard time wiping the grin off your face.
Since they have been allowed to serve sangria, wines by the glass, and bottle the vibe has changed a bit but the spirit of YDE is strong! The outdoor stage has hosted some good music but I can't figure out how to predict it. The food is still solid and awesome! The only thing that sucks is that it gets SUPER crowded because the word is out! Consider calling in your order even if you want to dine in. It does suck when hoards of teenagers take up the outdoor tables, drink tea, and linger but I guess it's better than them hanging out in a fast food joint right?! I bet the staff HATES this because they lose money and teens are notoriously messy. Maybe they can figure out a way to at least sell them BBQ while they chat. We used their catering service for the first time a few weeks ago. We picked it up but they offered to deliver. HUGE hit at the party - I'll be doing THAT again! So easy!
Yellow Dog is my favorite lunch spot in town. Limited parking but they bought the lot across the street. Pulled pork is their specialty but everything there is delicious.
This is a pretty amazing find - tucked away in this strange area where tons of huge, new houses have just been built, it's apparent this restaurant outdates them. It's full of hand written messages from the years, there is a large patio with chickens, and it's definitely a place that kind of feels like I escaped Florida and went back home to Kentucky for a bit. The menu is large and has a huge variety - anyone can eat here. From BBQ pulled pork to a fluffer nutter and banana sandwich, there is just a lot of goodness on the menu. We ordered a variety of sandwiches - all which came with chips but my fluffy love ( fluffer nutter and banana ) which came with animal crackers. The sandwiches are huge and filling. I loved mine. I also had a taste of the pulled pork which was yummy too. The pecan smoked bacon was amazing. They seem to cook everything on a grill without cleaning much - they use the pecan smoked bacon on a lot of things, and my husband let them know he is allergic to tree nuts (read pecans) but immediately had an allergic reaction, resulting in lunch being cut short so we could go get a bunch of antihistamines to stop the reaction. Always fun (not really). I would go back because I loved mine, but it will take some convincing to get my significant other back since his meal involved his throat closing.
Delicious, delicious pulled pork sandwiches unlike any I've ever seen.  Highly recommend the one with brie and raspberry sauce.
I rarely give out five stars, rarely.... First off you go to a small neighborhood in the middle of nowhere and this place is smack dab in the middle of residential homes. Then you enter this cafe/restaurant with this jungle, sixties, new age, laid back, vibe with live music, even on a Thursday night. I would go on and on about the food, but I came from California and after trying the food here in would come back anytime if the opportunity presented! I don't know how to give this place any higher rating. Moreover there were a ton of little things that made it a 5+ star in my book! If you run out of bbq sauce or just want to try a different you can just take a sealed bottle off the wall and bring it to your table to try. The people are amazing and friendly and will let you know what to try and simply take care of you...
This is a must visit every time I'm in Florida to see my family.  You walk in past a sign that says all hippies must use the back door.  The inside is covered with pictures of local dogs and sharpie handwriting.  You order at the counter and take your food to where ever you can find a spot.  The classic pulled pork is piled high and perfectly flavored.  Last time I ventured to try another sandwich.  The "holy crap" was amazing and just as filling.  Also delicious ice tea and a great backyard space.  I can't wait to go back.
I've been here a few times and I always leave satisfied.  This place has been recommended to me by several people, and I've never heard a back review. The employees are attentive and friendly.   The outdoor seating is great and comfortable....they even have fans and misters for the typical muggy FL day.  There is a friendly black cat that will rub on you for food and several chickens scurrying around.   They have a good selection of beer, and of course, the food is great!
I love this place so much ! i haven't tried everything on their menu, just because i found a few items i love to take again every time i go there! the pull pork sandwiches are amazing, but my favorite is the salmon wraps, or chicken wraps. when you read all the ingredients for the first time, you might think, hum that is weird, but trust me, it is so wonderful , all the ingredients mix together work so great. i keep going back and eat the same thing all the time. you have the option of trying it as a salad, sandwich, or wrap, whatever works for you. the names are weird and funny, and i sometimes wonder who came up with them, but really unique, nowhere else found. there is an outdoor sitting, nicely decorated, and you can bring your dog. the inside is so unique, with pictures of thousands of pets on the walls, and engravings on the walls and tables, chairs. lots of organic wines selection, and regular drinks. it is just a great place for a fast lunch, or even a nice dinner as friends or couples. it works for everything really, the only bad thing is that they close around 9 pm ? so cant go after hours if you have a late craving for one of their sandwiches or else. * now open until 11pm I believe on Friday and Saturday ? *
I've traveled almost the entire country and much of the world, and I can happily say this place is on my list of "Best Places I've Ever Eaten". In Orlando, it often feels like chain restaurants are your only option.  THIS IS NOT THE CASE! In fact, eating at this location feels like an escape from Orlando itself...which is nice if you live and work there. If you're visiting though...PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AT PLANET HOLLYWOOD, OR WORSE, SOMETHING YOU HAVE IN YOUR HOME TOWN!  It's slightly out of the way of the parks (only slightly!), but it's just as satisfying as meeting Mickey, or those Frozen princesses.  You'll be glad you took the trip. Always check the specials. And save room for dessert! Keep and eye out for the Rooster in the parking lot too!
A true neighborhood gem has reopened. Sometimes when you're so close to a place -- 1.25 miles from our house -- you can forget how special it is. The place, the menu and the owner, Fish, are all eclectic. Funky. Interesting. If you choose restaurants based solely on food, go to Yellow Dog Eats. If you like a little adventure, go to Yellow Dog. If you like to have fun, go to Yellow Dog. twitter.com/yellowdogeats; yellowdogeats.com
If your in Orlando and don't eat here your missing out. Nothing bad on the menu. Hardest part is deciding what to eat. Better try the Elvis though.
A-Mazing! We drove from maitland all the way to Gotha for this one (the restaurant was suggested to my boyfriend by a co-worker) and were not disappointed. The food was very gourmet and the vibe was amazing, great selection of sandwiches and wines.  Great brunch place.  We will be back for sure.
Great atmosphere! Looks like a hole-in-the-wall from the street but awesome as you walk through the door! Very hospitable as we walked in! Food is amazing
In the quiet town of Gotha is a place that serves some of the best food in Orlando. If you have nothing to do some afternoon, take a small drive over to the Yellow Dog. I have been visiting the dog for over 5 years. The menu has a great selection and if you follow them on facebook, you can find out about some of the great daily specials. Those include the Mahi Wraps and my favorite Smoked mac & cheese. Then there is the BBQ ribs and smoked half chickens. So grab the dog and head on over to the yellow dog.
YDE is now my favorite local restaurant! I love the chill vibes with a hippy feel and almost made me feel like I wasn't in Orlando anymore! The staff was nice and laid-back which is my kind of scene. Inside they had a bar that they had beer and wine and small tables.  We decided to sit outside and I ordered the pulled pork tacos which were AMAZING! My boyfriend ordered the Holy Crap which looks like a standard turkey sandwich until you tasted all of it's glory. It literally makes you want to say...."holy crap". The menu was fun with it's interesting names. There were a few roosters walking around which I thought was pretty cool. I'd definitely recommend Yellow Dog Eats if you want delicious food with a 'lax vibe at a hip place.
They have the friendliest staff and best sandwiches in town!
So, my boyfriend and I decided to stop in for our 2nd anniversary.  It's the first time either of us have been here, and it certainly won't be the last. We are both extremely impressed. I ordered the Drunken Pig sandwich and He ordered the full rack of ribs. All the pork was expertly smoked and ridiculously flavorful. The ribs were fall off the bone perfect. The portions are huge, so come hungry. You won't be disappointed.   The service is also amazing. The gentleman behind the register was knowledgeable about the entire menu and all the draft beers, and he was funny and polite. He allowed us to sample the beer we were thinking about, and offered us cheesecake on the house because we decided to celebrate our day at their restaurant.   Overall great expeience!! Very pleased!
Fish is Hilarious! He goes around making everyone feel at home! The food is guaranteed yummy any time and day! I love the mexican mutt and the tomato basil soup is the best anywhere bar-none! Emily is awesome! She never forgets her customers!
Decided to pick up some sandwiches to go when visiting friends in Orlando this weekend. Slightly off the beaten path in Gotha (just outside of Orlando, but more of a suburb), Yellow Dog Eats serves up just the right amount of kitsch alongside some really great flavors and huge sandwiches. We ordered the Hong Kong Fuey and the White Trash BBQ Sandwiches. The Hong Kong Fuey is a pulled pork piled sandwich with "toasted coconut, chopped peanuts, pickled onions and jalapeños, drizzled with peanut sauce and finished off with fresh cut scallions and carrots served on a fun-fluffy bun" (menu description). They gave a large portion of the pork on the sandwich, and the topping was pretty good, but I was sad I couldn't taste any coconut in it. I also didn't get a lot of the pickled onion or jalapenos which I thought would help cut through the fat of the pork and the peanut sauce. Lucky for me I do love peanutty goodness so it was still delicious, I just wonder how much more depth of flavor could have been achieved by balancing the other toppings a bit more. The hubs had the White Trash (sigh). Menu description: Our tender pulled pork, topped with tangy coleslaw, Gouda cheese, pecan-smoked bacon and Fish's Gold BBQ sauce, served on thick cut white bread. Ya'll gonna kiss yer cousin! Well lucky for us all of the cousins were safely out of kissing range. This sandwich lived up to its name from first glance. The thick cut white bread (and it needs to be thick cut due to the sheer weight of the contents!) is distinctly Wonderbread-esque and made me think of all those BBQ joints in Georgia and the Carolinas that literally just have a bag of self-serve Wonderbread at each table! The gouda/coleslaw mix was really interesting too because the Gouda is shredded, making it almost indistinguishable from the coleslaw. I thought this was an interesting touch because it made for a little bit of cheese and slaw in every bite, but more cheese than if it were just a single slice. The hubby was very excited about the cheesy coleslaw revelation and I'm confident cheese will be finding its way to our 'slaw in short order! There were several other sandwiches on the menu that I was dying to try, including the "What the Fig?" which has a house-made jalapeno-fig sauce. The guy behind the counter was nice enough to give me a little side of the sauce to-go and I'm looking forward to trying it as part of a composed dish! They have ample indoor and outdoor seating, and cute decor throughout (Kinda that "Tchotchke" style but not obnoxious). I would highly recommend this place to locals and tourists alike. The theme parks and chain restaurants don't need any more of your money, try this local gem instead!
This place makes me smile.  The menu is absolute creative decadence.  I pull a menu, stand and scan the selections for endless moments before ordering.  Its easy.  There are so many wonderful selections to chose from.  The compilations are so beautifully paired to choose just one feels as if you are missing out on so much.  So, I decide to return soon so I can try something else.
A definite hippy/hipster vibe here but it works. The food and sandwiches are eclectic but taste great. My kids love the take on the classic pb&j and I've tried numerous sandwiches on the menu and have not found one I hadn't liked. The pulled pork is fantastic and the sides they offer are delicious as well. The only drawback here is it is a bit pricey but I don't mind it here because when you see the quality of the food and ingredients you know it costs more because it's a higher quality of ingredients. One tip, watch out for the roaming neighborhood chickens when your parking.
GO HERE!!! plain. And. Simple. Really good place for great sandwiches and relaxed atmosphere!
We stopped in Yellow Dog on a Wednesday afternoon at 2pm looking for some unique eats. I read their drink menu online and was also excited for what appeared to be 2 for 1 drink specials between 2pm and 5pm. I was disappointed to find out this was not the case. The menu showed that the beers were 4 dollars each, but mine ended up being 7 dollars with no 2 for one. Maybe due to post DDD price gouging? (Damn you Guy Fieri!) The girl at the register was apologetic and nice about it which was a plus. I ordered the rufus , frisky at the recommendation of several other reviews. I hate to say I did not enjoy it. The raspberry "melba" was far too sweet for my taste and overpowered all other flavors in the sandwich. It's possible they were just heavy handed on my sandwich so YMMV. The potato salad however was unique and tasty with the smoked potatoes. Not underdone at all so they must have figured that out! The other members of my party did enjoy their sandwiches. They all ordered a pulled pork concoction of some sort, but were smart enough to pick based on their own taste rather than listening to other reviews. Lesson learned I suppose. It's worth noting that we all agreed the pork was lacking in smoky flavor I give one star since most enjoyed their food, a second for the very cool decor, and a third for awesome music selection. Deducting two for the disappointing false advertising regarding the drinks (Fish if you're reading please update as a courtesy to others!). If I was in the area again I would give it another chance.
I'm from LA, and adventurous when it comes to food.  During a one month stay in Orlando, I tried at least 25 different restaurants, and this was by far my favorite.  You wouldn't expect such delicious eats to come from a quiet, unassuming place hidden away in a rural area secluded by trees that's off the beaten path, but herein you'll find the best pulled pork sandwich you'll ever eat.  The homemade sauce also packs quite a kick and is worth buying a bottle to take home.
Beyond great! This place is small, quaint, and quirky. It's quick service - you order at the counter and your name is called when your food is ready. It's a little more expensive than other quick service restaurants ($10-$15) - but it's so worth it. I ordered a the Florida Cracker with no bread.  Typically it comes on thick white toast. It's pulled pork with fried onion, bacon, cole slaw, dill pickles, and their BBQ sauce. It came with a side of slaw and potato chips. I ordered a tomato and mozzarella side salad. The food was wonderful! Definitely a place to try when you're in Orlando and need a break from the tourist traps.
Wow I've had this place book marked for forever and I can't believe it took me so long to try it especially since i live about 10-15 minutes away.  My husband and I visited on a Saturday for lunch and first of all it was PACKED! There was not a seat to be found outside and when we headed inside to order the line was pretty long but since we both ordered alcoholic drinks from the wine bar we were able to grab a seat at the bar and have our food ordered for us which was greatly appreciated.  The drink of the day was a cranberry hot toddy and WOW it was amazzzzzzzzzzing.  I know this drink isn't on any menu of theirs and who knows how often it will be offered but if its on the menu when you are there just trust me and try it and thank me later ;).  I ordered a BBQ pork sandwich and they had beer cheese soup for the day which they poured on top so although it made it pretty much impossible to eat without a fork it was mouth watering delicious.  I can't remember exactly what they called it but i want to say it was a drunken pig....or drunken something....anyways just try anything on the menu and you'll like it and that's all that needs to be said really.  This is such a quirky and obviously well loved local establishment so find your way here and enjoy!
Heard a lot about this place and finally hit it up. Menu was unique and I wanted to order one of everything. I got a club Elvis sandwich with beer cheese soup and scallions ladled over top. OMG. Amazing. I wish I could have eaten more. Outstanding compliment of flavors. Highly recommend
Good vibes, great Food, nice atmosphere, overall an awesome place for lunch!
BEST. PULLED PORK. SANDWICH. EVER. They also have a good selection of local beers. We shared the Rufus and Club Elvis, they were both delicious. Elvis was slightly more intense, as in I was having trouble getting a good bite because it was HUGE. However, I highly suggest everyone to give a visit to this place when you're in Orlando. Definitely worth the drive into this residential area with big houses. We sat outside to enjoy the live music, the only downside was there wasn't any dogs (jk). When you sit outside, there will be a lot of flies. I loved the atmosphere though. There are few parking in the front, but lots in the back. Yum!
This place is simply awesome. My Club Elvis was very good: pulled pork with bacon (see, you just can't fail with this combination...) and gouda cheese, onions.... had a side salad (cucumber, tomato, onion) that was the perfect match. My wife had the pulled pork nachos: they had a bit of a kick, but were good. We also sampled their desserts (chocolate chip cookie sandwhich with white cream center; orange cream cake; chocolate cake) and all were excellent. Low prices, large servings, great atmosphere. Will visit again next time I'm in town.
This is my favorite local spot. The food is exceptional, the beer and cider selection is great, and the atmosphere is eclectic and casual. Get the Rufus--it is the best BBQ you will ever eat. My husband swears by the Elvis, which is a close second. Go on a nice day and sit in the beer garden. Beautiful! If you are planning on eating during peak times, call ahead. The line can be substantial, and seating during these hours is a commodity.
Stumbled across this gem today for lunch and was pleasantly surprised!  Fresh ingredients, large portions, pricing was right and the decor was very unique.  This place is worth going out of your way for!
You want some of the best barbecue in the greater Orlando area, and probably the state?  Look no further.  Yes, it's worth the drive from Orlando. You'll find yourself in the scenic town of Gotha, which reminds me a lot of the sleepy south.  Yellow Dog sits in a two story renovated home, painted (appropriately) bright yellow.  You can't miss it. Atmosphere: Literal writing on the walls, in the patio area there are fountains, lots of seating, road signs, and even a VW bus that's been hollowed out for people to sit in, and also plays double duty as part of their patio wall.  There are chickens from a neighbor's house strutting around the yard.  The music is hipstery and current, and you'll often hear the owner, Chef Fish, making quips about someone's name while announcing over loudspeaker that their order is ready.  This place screams personality, fun, and local. If you don't want to sit outside, you can wander upstairs and sit at the random mix of old tables and chairs, while admiring the autographs of hundreds of people who've chosen to write all over the walls.  Walt Disney even penned his name on the wall. Food: If you didn't come here for the atmosphere, you come for the food.  This is barbecue with a twist.  My favorite sandwich is pulled pork topped with smoked pineapple rings, onion strings (I hate onion, this stuff is delicious) and their 'gold' mustard barbecue which I could easily write songs about.  You want beer cheese soup on your sandwich?  Sure.  The menu is so eclectic my recommendation is looking at the whole thing before ordering.  For the traditional crowd, there are normal sandwiches, ribs, and such.  But you'd be missing out if you didn't go for one of their strangers creations like The Rufus, which is pulled pork with brie, cherry pepper rings, drizzled with raspberry melba sauce and their gold bbq.  Or the Fire Pig - pulled pork, pecan-smoked bacon, Gouda cheese, coleslaw and Sriracha, gold bbq and fried onions. Not into meat?  They have a whole menu for vegetarians that's also really good.  I like meat, so I can't speak for it's tastiness. That's ridiculous.  God, I love this place.  They even have a cold bar if you're feeling potato salad, carrot salad, pasta salad...their cold bar is just impressive, mmkay? Beer: So many great beer selections from some of the better breweries in the US. Final Thoughts:  This is one of the best hole in the wall, hidden gems of Orlando, and it's not even in Orlando.  This is the place I take all my friends to impress them with my foodie choices.  Make it one of your favorite spots, too.
So cute and quaint! It's hidden in Gotha ( where is that, right?) but it is definitely worth finding! The chicken curry sandwich is amazing!
Wow. The holy crap is fantastic, especially if you like goat cheese!  Unique restaurant, unique menu. Complete opposite of corporate restaurants you find around Orlando. Wife had the pork nachos. They are huge!  Meant for 2. Owner is very quirky and eccentric, but then again who wants blasé?
This place is awesome! I went there twice in my week stay in the area and half of our crew went 4 times! The second night we went we had ribs waiting for us, best ribs I have ever ate. Period. Nice smoke flavor really moist and almost falling off the bone. The gold bbq sauce they make is outstanding. Next time I am in the area it will be my first stop. Oh yeah the tomato, mozzarella caprese type salad was yummy.
We have been regulars for years.  We have not enjoyed recent changes. The worst has been the band. We couldn't leave fast enough today.  Way too loud, not peaceful like the garden area used to be and which was something we really enjoyed a lot. Very disappointing.   We don't know if band is every weekend but, if so, will be an end to a ten + year favorite place for us, at least for dinner.  We think you are messing too much with what used to be a good thing. The band is a deal breaker for us. The best part of your garden area was the tranquility. We hope you will not continuing every weekend evening. Should only be occasional events not every weekend.  We couldn't even hear each other talking.  We only gave three stars bc of your great history. The atmosphere was 1 star for us.
It's a wonder place, full of life and very funky.  The food is always very good.  We went to their beer tasting and had a great time!  I always get the BBQ, White Trash or Florida Cracker but have sampled other items.  Also check out their great salads.  Tomatoes and Mozzarella and a few other summer salads, great stuff.
This place haunts our memories. We were in Orlando for a conference, and my hubby wanted to go somewhere local to eat (he's good at finding hidden gems). He discovered YDE from a local newspaper article, and he convinced me to go. Holy Mary and Joseph - this place was amazing! Charming decor, great country store with cool beers and different pickled items, jams, sauces, etc! But, the thing that made us drive out of our way not only once, but twice, was the Rufus. It's been a year and a half since we've been, and it's delicious goodness still lingers in our minds. It is as close to sandwich perfection as they come. My mouth is watering just thinking about it, with the thick slices of Brie, the sweet mix of raspberry Melba and the heat of the peppers, fish's yellow dog sauce...mmmm mmmmm good!!! This is a Florida must if you ask me!  It's now Father's Day, and instead of going anywhere he wants to in San Francisco, my hubby wants me to recreate the Rufus at home!
Beef brisket is out of this world.  Get it on the nachos!  Can't wait to go back.  This is a hidden gem that must be experienced.
I love love LOVE Yellow Dog Eats! The food and atmosphere are incredible. It's my go-to place to take visitors from out of town. The Rufus (frisky, of course) is my absolute favorite sandwich. I'm hungry just thinking about it! Seriously, do not miss out on this food. It's incredible. I desperately wish I could give a four and a half star rating, because EVERYTHING about YDE adds up to a five star, except for the fact that they close at 9pm! It has such a great late-night vibe, I wish they had later hours.
Everything about this place rocks. Its a little bit of a drive from my usual downtown bubble but absolutely worth it! The BBQ is delish... The Blue Suede Shoes is my favorite... super thick crispy bacon, blue cheese and BBQ pork?? Life's little pleasures right there. If I'm not in the mood for swine, the Johnny Rocket is my go to...  usually its the epic battle in deciding what mood i'm in whenever I go and I usually have to convince myself not to be a fat kid and order both. (Although, I'm totally not above that) Good beers on draft, daily specials, super cute back porch area, AMAZING desserts, AND you can bring pictures of your dogs!! (For a huge animal lover such as myself, this would alone make me like the place.. even if the food was subpar... and luckily, its not. The food is really amazing. Just go) I also had the pleasure of planning a (surprise) bridal shower for one of my best friends last spring. She is a huge dog lover and per her personality, we wanted something laid back and kind of eclectic so we decided that this would be the perfect place for her. She had no idea where we were planning on holding her shower... needless to say she was VERY happy with our choice. All of the employees that we worked with were extremely helpful and just flat out awesome. They work with ANY budget, and genuinely want you to have the best time possible for your event. Our initial planning meeting included dinner, random menu tastings, wine, a huge dessert spread and MORE wine! As someone who has worked in hospitality for years, I couldn't be more impressed. The day of the shower, everything ran smoothly and at our request, the owner happily came out and embarrassed our bride to be. I can't say enough good things about these guys. I would recommend them to ANYONE who is looking for a place to host an event.
I've been to way too many BBQ joints to remember off  hand. That being said, this place immediately solidified itself in my heart as an awesome place to eat when I first read the words "dunked in beer cheese soup". If you get the chance- eat here. It's one of the only original ideas found in the Orlando area that definitely commits to its originality!
I love this place!! Every time I go I find something new to try and absolutely love it! It's most interesting place to sit and eat at. Everyone is so friendly also. I can't get enough of the home made pasta salad. Mmmm, 5 stars
It's got an awesome range if food and it's all delicious
It's a bit of a drive from the touristy part of Orlando, but that can be a godsend in the middle of a week of vacationing. Very creative sandwich fare with almost as creative names for said sandwiches. Expect a bit of a line as this place is clearly very popular with locals. While you wait enjoy the antics of the staff calling people up to get their food, and calling each other out, over the PA system. Worth the drive in every way!
Glad I only stopped here on my way to another location, definitely not worth a special drive out to Gotha. Atmosphere: uncomfortably crowded--from the lines to the tables, moving around the restaurant is a nightmare. We sat in the garden patio area which was lovely, but had to move tables because our original seats smelled like dog poop. Food: the coleslaw was terrible...sickly sweet, tasted like a fruity salad dressing. I ordered the pulled pork tacos, having loved these at other Orlando restaurants. First of all, they were covered in the slaw. I scraped that off... Only to discover that the remaining ingredients weren't much better. Everything tasted store bought, not very flavorful. I tried my boyfriend's sandwich, The Elvis, and was similarly disappointed. $26 for a mediocre meal--not worth it. If this place were 1. In orlando 2. Had lower prices and 3. Had a more comfortable atmosphere, I would probably give their non-BBQ dishes a shot, but I am not hopeful that this place could be redeemed to become a regular haunt. I spent the entirety of an 8 mile race this morning looking forward to trying this over hyped restaurant--next time I would gladly run an extra 8 miles to avoid this place.
I should begin this review by saying that I was so intent to yelp about Yellow Dog Eats that when I couldn't remember my password I tried ten different times to log in and then just reset it. I spent five solid minutes working towards writing this review. Why? Because I don't think I have ever had better barbecue than at Yellow Dog. I got the "Florida Cracker"-- pulled pork, Gouda, cole slaw, pickles and bacon on top of thick white bread and drizzled with their own gold barbecue sauce. This sandwich was the best thing about my day, and possibly my trip to Florida so far. Don't tell my sister, who I'm in town to surprise for her birthday. And my dinner was not a fluke. Everyone I was with loved their meal, which ranged from a turkey avocado sandwich to these killer pulled pork nachos. Add to that an excellent beer selection, really fun environment, good music, and super helpful staff, and you've got one pretty excellent eating experience. I am both sad and glad I don't live down here, because I would inevitably eat myself to death given the option to come here all the time. I'd die happy, though, so I guess it's a draw.
Yummy! Lots of tasty choices, funky menu. We asked a bunch of questions to the annoyed and fast-talking woman at the register but, hey! We're paying for the stuff and we wanted to get what WE wanted! A line formed behind us though... It's a bit disorganized where you order and where the line is and who's just standing around waiting for their take-out. The owners could definitely improve that cause it's just LAZINESS to have crappy signage and make your (new) customers feel incompetent. We ordered the Cuban rice and beans, pulled-pork nachos, poke tuna tacos, beers, and two mini-cheesecakes. The Cuban guy at our table said the Cuban rice and beans were delicious but not Cuban by any stretch of the imagination - and he had arrived from Havana just a couple nights before. The poke tuna was GREAT! All was good, really. Eclectic outdoor space which we enjoyed - but we don't mind a cat lounging nearby when we eat.
It's been a while since we've been here, but decided to have lunch here on a lazy afternoon. This place hasn't lost its charm. I usually would get sandwiches here, but got the BBQ salad and is was fantastic. We started with the mozz and tomm which was really good. Great lunch before all the ceiling later today. We'll put this on the list of place to come back to for sure...
This one of a kind secluded oasis away from the madness and commercial restaurants in Orlando will have you hooked from your first visit. The amazing menu with delicious daily specials and the personalized service from the attentive staff will definitely win you over. I only met the charming and generous owner, Fish once, but in recent visits Jon, the manager, has gone above beyond to make every visit special. He will stop at nothing to make sure that you have a great experience. These guys make a killer sangria - perfect to enjoy on a summer evening in their enchanting garden. Live music on weekends makes sitting outside even better. You can't help but recommend this place to everyone you know - everyone I've brought so far have been delighted and won over by its charm. Run, don't walk, to Yellow Dog Eats!
The owner is passionate and it comes across in the food amazingly!
So, a place known for its pulled pork and a place that made its name off pulled pork runs out of pulled pork by 5:00pm on a Sunday evening. Sounds "fishy" (pun intended) to me. It should have also been an indication that 5 stars would not be earned today. I'm okay with the place running out of food on a Sunday evening as a way to reduce daily waste - no problem. What I am not okay with is the serving of pretentiousness and flippancy that was on the unwritten menu. The cashier was nice enough, but the girl handling the deserts? Holy cow!! The chip on her shoulder was so big, I'm surprised she could stand up. Maybe the pain it was causing was the root of her attitude, I don't know. But I do know the attitude she exhibited, the downward glances, and the upturned lip soured a pretty decent evening. It also reminded me that any potential future visits to YDE will require me to turn on the pretentious a-hole side of my personality to cope with what I've had dished out to me at YDE (today wasn't unique).
YDE has the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever eaten. They also offer an honest friendly environment to enjoy it. The service is laid back and funny. I was also impressed by the potato salad which blew me away. After ordering a freshly made coconut sandwich cookie the size of a manhole I was told to grab one by a staff member. I felt at home peeling back plastic wrap and hoisting the cookie back to my lair. This has been by far my favorite one of a kind experience here in central Florida.
Amazing Nachos!  Huge portions, Amazing flavors, and great menu options!  Ecletic vibe, great interior decor, I especially love the VW-van outside.   Great place, will definitely be back to devour more food very soon!
Great atmosphere, very eclectic. Big portions of amazingly great food! The BBQ rocks! Will def be back. Hidden gem.
Really unique place.  Great food and a really interesting (in a good way) outdoor area to eat at.   Highly recommend trying this place out.  I had the club elvis and it was awesome!!
A must do when in Otown! My boy Fishs place...This is nothing other than Superb and Super Proud of Fish staying True to his Vision...YDE is an Experience in great food, Dessert  and Fish is the Ultimate Host! ALL GOOD HERE...You must eat outside...Everything is Fresh...He's a RainMaker
My husband and I found this little gem on yelp while shopping in Orlando. I had the kitty kat salad and my husband ordered the Johnny Rocket sandwich. He said it was the best he's had in a long time. My salad was great and the dressing outstanding. We'll be back!
Great spot, decor and staff are top notch! best pulled pork I've had in a while... So good in fact, I bought a bottle of Fish's BBQ sauce on my way out. Also try the Mexican Mutt with chicken, the meat is pulled perfectly and the Thai chili sauce adds another dimension of flavor.
Wonderful food, great portions and appropriately priced! The line gets long during peak hours and it can be slow or fast. Normally it's the new customers that cause the line to slow to a crawl by not knowing what they want. The staff is awesome with a couple cute ones working the meat in the back (pun intended).
Food was good. We had the yellow dog club and the fire pig... And probably the biggest cookie sandwich I ever had. Good but real sweet. Good job YDE. if we're ever in the area again, we'd try somethin else on the menu.
Delish!  People are hilarious and food is beyond amazing!  One of the best restaurant atmospheres I have ever been to.  Keep up the good work, Fish!!
This place had a small town hippie feel. The owner was there having a good time and chatting with customers. Food was delicious and we got serve very fast. And the pulled pork sandwich was awesome.
Authentically vintage casual atmosphere with delicious sandwich fair.   BBQ sauces are pretty popular, I saw a family almost go over the counter when they thought the restaurant was out of their favorite sauce.  And I quote, "We're from PA and came in specifically to eat and buy this sauce - we get it every year, what do you mean you're out?!?!?!!!!!"  Luckily, the bar tender found 1 sauce hidden and the family didn't blow up the place.  Who knew BBQ sauce could cause such insanity? Service is counter order/pick-up which seems a bit odd, but there is a full service bar. Plenty of parking in the back.   Inexpensive with large portions.
This place is fun and the food is great.
What the fig? Fried onions, bacon, goat cheese, jalapeño-fig jam. Every bite was heavenly. The bun was delicious and soaked up all the juices from the pork. The goat cheese was soft, salty, and gave the burger a hint of sour. HIGHLY recommend this burger. The establishment was unique, a house turned restaurant. We ate upstairs. Very cozy spot, will be back!
Great food. Great atmosphere. Good prices.
This place is way too darling with a funky feel and it is dog friendly. It is kind of 'out there' however and there is no direct way. The salads are just as amazing as the pulled pork everyone raves about, so check them out. Don't park directly in front of the building, it is such a hassel to get out, there is a parking lot caddy corner that everyone parks in. They also have some fantastic desserts so save some room. Sit outside if you can!
Great atmosphere, very good pulled pork sandwiche, less than $20 for a good bottle of wine.
Came across this place on yelp and totally loved it! A must try sandwich is the holy crap but really, all options are great! Reasonable prices and there are tons of options to try. Cool vibe and friendly staff!
This is one of the best finds I've had, thank you Trip Advisor and Yelp! What a great, delicious and unique place. It's worth the trip even if you don't live anywhere close to it. Trust me, just try it. Everything is homemade and tastes amazing!
Second visit here and was equally impressed. The food is flavorful and unique. The atmosphere is fun. They have a garden area out back that is just as unique as the food. Reminds me of something outta key west. To top it all off they are dog friendly. Good beer choices and service was very quick. Definitely worth the, off the beaten path, visit.
Great sandwiches and an amazing atmosphere. Such a cool place to go, especially if you're a crazy dog lady like me and want to bring your BFF with you.
A hidden gem tucked away in Windermere! I went on a Monday, the weather was gorgeous as I pulled into this quaint house turned restaurant with what appeared to be a farm right next to it.   Outdoor seating, fresh local food, craft brews and wine! You feel like you're at a dear friends home, as welcome as they make you feel. I had these poke tacos after I struggled to pick something out of their extensive menu, can't wait to go to back to sample something else :)
What a great recommendation! This place reminds me of a quirky and delicious northern california favorite of mine. We enjoyed the 'Black Lab sandwich', 'White Trash' pulled pork and a yummy chocolate peanut butter cupcake. Their beans and rice dish looked amazing. Looks like they have an upstairs for extra seating and events. Definitely will go back!
Generous and delicious portions for the price! This little hidden central Florida gem is definitely a local dive that gets packed up quickly! The feel of the place is very much like Key West. Their specialities are their BBQ and delectable sandwiches. Throughout the restaurant, there are photos plastered all over the walls of dogs and puppies, definitely can tell the owner is a dog person. Stop by and you won't be disappointed.
Another one of my favorite places! Fish and his staff make eating here more than going out to eat. It's a total experience! Plus, the food ROCKS!
We absolutely live this place. You can't go wrong ordering any if the pulled pork. I recommend the Fire Pig or the Rufus. Also check out the Red Jungle Fowl in the parking area.
This place is amazing. Great food. Great atmosphere. And the owner is ridiculously funny!  You have to visit this place!
Place has been here forever.  Atmosphere?  This place drips with atmosphere and it is unique. The service is different.  Wait in line to order your food, then come pick it up.  The good part?  the protions are good and the food is excellent.  I suppose that is why it is always crowded. Don't bother trying to park in front.  IT can be hazardous trying to pull out.  Go ahead and park in the back.  The walk may be farther but in the long run less stress and less trouble backing out into the road.
Nothing I can really add to what others have said. Just go there and experience it yourself and you'll see what all the fuss is about.
Hot Damn!  We only found this place on our last day of a week long vacation in Orlando.  It was a little of a drive from our hotel in Universal Orlando.  Be prepared if you go on a Sunday.  There's a church right across the street and it looks like everyone comes here after church.  Prepare for a long wait.  And while you're waiting, scout our for any available tables as those are rare. I ordered the special of the day which was a pastrami sandwich with the works.  It's definitely one of the best pastramies around.   I'll say it again.  Have someone in your party look for a table while you're ordering and waiting in the long lines that go around the restaurant.
This place is awesome!  The menu is diverse and ingredients always fresh.  The cakes are fabulous!  The atmosphere is very casual and friendly.  It's a definite every time I'm in the Orlando vicinity!
We had a really great time at YellowDog Eats trivia night on Tuesdays. The trivia was awesome, challenging, and entertaining! The food was really tasty.  Our only disappointment was that we had to settle for beers we didn't enjoy because they didn't have enough cold beers available. The beer & cheese soup was my favorite! We also had the pulled pork sandwich was really flavorful and the tuna sandwich - which was different. I didn't not like it, but I definitely would like to try something new next time.  All in all the atmosphere here is beyond awesome, and the entertainment is unmatched!!
One of the best BBQ places in the world!
I had been wanting to visit Yellow Dog Eats for quite some time as many friends and family had told me about it. Today, I finally decided to call and order some for carry out, and there's no going back now. I tend to like things on the spicy side, and like barbecue and have heard they have some great barbecue. So I chose to order one of their 'fire pig' sandwiches. It was one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten. Seriously, it was absolutely amazing. I didn't want it to end! I even joked with my girlfriend I might leave her for it! It was that good, and I can't wait to go back. I will warn you they tend to be very busy, so if you're pressed for time or on a business lunch you may want to call the order in. But it is definitely worth it, even with a wait! It looks like a hole in the wall shack off of the road across from a church, don't let the appearance fool you. You can park across the street in the parking lot across from there and the church on the corner, and you can even bring your favorite canine friend if you want and sit outside with them-they even sell treats for dogs! Service is great as well. If you are thinking about trying this place or are visiting the area, do not think about it, don't pass go, go directly here! You will not be disappointed!
There is no other place like Yellow Dog!!  Everyone should go there.  It is not fancy, it is unique, and delicious!!
I love going to eat at a cool local restaurant for the first time.  Recently I had the pleasure to visit Yellow Dog Eats in Gotha.  If you don't know about the #sandwicheatup events hosted by Anthony "Biggie" Bencomo of Deli Fresh Threads, you need to check him out on @Twitter and Instagram to check out his cool local brand, @DeliFreshThrds. This #sandwicheatup was a great opportunity to see other local bloggers and foodies, and enjoy a meal together.   I had a hard time deciding what to get. The menu had a ton of selections that all looked good!  I finally made a decision, and went with the Puppy Love sandwich (and had them add fluff).   This sandwich was awesome! It was made of peanut butter, strawberry preserves, chocolate chips, marshmallow fluff, sliced strawberries and bananas on wheat bread (so, it's kinda healthy, right?)!  And how cute is it that they serve this sandwich with Animal Crackers!   I had to have something savory with all this sweet, so I opted for a side of the BBQ bacon potato salad!  Oh my word was this good. Instead of a mayonnaise based salad, this had spicy mustard. It was spicy and fantastic!   Yellow Dog Eats has cool, funky decor.  They have a little area where they sell their sauces, and in the corner, a little bar. (Try the strawberry mojito, it's excellent!)  They have a great outside "garden" or patio area where you can eat as well.  (You can eat inside a VW van! Groovy!) It also has a pretty cool history. You definitely need to make the trip out - - it's basically right off of 408 and Good Homes Road (take Good Homes to Old Winter Garden, and turn onto Hempel off of Old WInter Garden)! It's worth it!
Quirky-appearing counter service with good sandwiches and better desserts. Not the cheapest ($6+ for a piece of cake, but it was VERY GOOD cake,) but maybe you get what you pay for.
This place does nearly everything right.  It has a small wine bar, really cool kitchy decor, a great little back yard patio eating area, great craft beer selection, and off-the-charts amazing food.   Everything we had was best-in-class good.   I had the White Trash pulled pork and gouda BBQ sandwic and what can be described as a caprese salad, except made with cherry tomatoes and balls of mozzarella, with a tangy dressing on top.  The sandwich was tangy with thick strips of gouda, cranberry raisins, mustardy sauce on thick sliced white bread.  The flavors melded perfectly. The caprese salad (don't know what the real name is) was tangy and amazing.  Both it and the sandwich were so good that it makes me crave to go back.   Will be going back again, and taking out-of-towners (and in-towners) there.
I'd actually like to give this place an additional half star, because it was better than average, and I'm willing to admit that my order was sort of uninteresting and I might really enjoy some of the other options.  I ventured all the way to Gotha, intentionally seeking out this middle-of-nowhere boho sandwich joint thanks to word of mouth.  Honestly I can't imagine who winds up here accidentally.  Neither my mom nor I were in a bbq mood, but they had a plethora of other choices and we settled on splitting their signature club sandwich.  When I inquired as to which of the three soups of the day were best, I was answered with the always unhelpful, "They're all good," so we each got a cup of the tomato.  Our sandwich was definitely big enough for splitting and came with a bag of chips (a seemingly odd corporate touch for such a hippie establishment) and an unexpected tiny cup of their carrot slaw - a mix of shredded carrots, raisins, and a mayonaise-heavy curry dressing.  My mom's not a curry fan, so she passed the slaw off to me, and while I found the flavor agreeable, it was a bit rich for me.  The sandwich, touted as having cointreau mayo, turkey, bacon, lettuce, and cucumber on multigrain, was good.  It was a tasty club sandwich, perfectly adequate.  I don't usually like mayo or cucumber and I enjoyed it anyway.  It just seemed like one of those places where you should probably order everything "as is" and then you can always disassemble it later if needed, but that wasn't necessary.  The tomato soup was a little chunky, not fully blended, so it had an earthy quality and wasn't especially memorable flavor-wise.  Ordering itself was a slightly stressful experience because we were there during lunch hour and there was a gigantic line, yet it somehow moved fast enough that you were still trying to figure out what you wanted by the time you got to the counter.  Overall it wasn't a wasted trip; I'd happily go there again and try something else.
I'm a huge fan of BBQ and Yellow Dog delivers amazing quality in spades. I had the loaded Rufus sandwich with chips and it was beyond incredible. The combination of the raspberry melba with the Gold BBQ sauce is so perfect it'll make you want to scream in delight. The thick slices of brie are an interesting choice and they compliment the sandwich phenomenally. I'd recommend it (with the added shoestrings, onions and bacon, of course). The sandwich alone is a full meal! The ambience of the restaurant is also quaint and inviting. My friends and I sat outside in the expansive outdoor seating area as it was a lovely day. It was a great dining experience all around with friendly staff and good service. Top of the tops in my book.
I'm not typically a huge BBQ fanatic but this restaurant serves the best BBQ I've ever had! Can't go wrong with any of the pulled pork sandwiches. Even the coleslaw was delicious! Unique looking place, fast and friendly service.
Love Love Love this place. Every time I visit from out of town I head directly here for food. All the sandwiches are wonderful, reasonably priced and filling, they even have a cool vibe inside and out the establishment. If you are lucky you will also see some chickens and cats running around the place. 5 Starts. Try it, you won't be sorry!
Fantastic!  We love the food, staff and atmosphere here!  Great bbq and off the beaten path sandwiches. Absolutely amazing what chef Fish brings in this neighborhood gem.
Great ambiance and plenty of seating/parking. Loved the outdoor seating. Loaded Rufus sandwich was off the wall. Great pulled pork and ample toppings. A bit sweet for my palate but that didn't mask any of the individual flavors.
finally went to the yellow dog. it was not what i was expecting at all. it is a laid back, relax kind of place. place your order at the counter go get a table and then wait for them to call your name to go get your food. great atmosphere. i can't wait to go back. sit outside if the weather permits.
Great atmosphere! An old country store converted into a 2 story cafe with a covered patio. A hippie vibe, but it's nothing to get ruffled about. The place is clean and has a cozy feel. Damn! Great BBQ, and plenty of other options on the menu... even for vegetarians. YDE is a fun place to bring a date, your kids or your dog. Be careful not to run over any stray chickens in the parking lot. This place is worth the drive, and if you take the 408, it's not as far away as you'd think.
I cant believe I havent written a review on Yellow Dog Eats! This place is definitely one of my all time favorite places in all of Orlando. And I know im not the only one who thinks that. I go to Yellow Dog probably once every week, if not more often, and I have several friends who are always eager to join. I have tried almost every item on the menu, and I dont really have anything negative to say about any of them. I recently became a vegetarian at the beginning of the year, and was delighted when Fish introduced their new vegetarian/vegan menu. A few of my friends swear by their "Club Elvis" sandwich, and the "Thin Elvis" sandwich, both are delicious (one a slightly healthier choice). My mom gets the exact same thing every time she goes, (Im trying to help her branch out - creature of habit, you know) She gets the Waldorf Salad, on a sandwich, and a side of the Chicken Curry. AMAZING! For the vegetarians out there, the options we have are quite diverse, and all very tasty tasty. I really enjoy the "Jolly Green Giant", and the "Beast of the Middle East". Also, I must add.. the desserts are fan-frikkin-tastic! Hands down best chocolate cake Ive ever eaten, the coconut cake is a definite must, and I personally love the Orange cake. :) The staff is super super friendly, always willing to help you out with questions about the menu. The place itself is incredibly cozy, and very welcoming, with an adorable back patio on which to enjoy your fabulous food. I have taken many people to Yellow Dog Eats, and I must say, nobody has ever been disappointed. :D
Let me put my review in perspective.  I was HUNGRY.  I had just run over 8 miles for Superhero Scramble and was the kind of hungry where you eat food off of the floor or other people's plate.  And despite that hunger, I still couldn't enjoy the vast majority of my meal. It starts with the ambiance, 3 stars...a little hipster for my taste, but not overly so.  We eventually figure out the line, which you cut through when you first walk in to get into the back of the line which makes no sense, but okay. I go outside and find a nice stone table top for us to eat on, still at 3 stars.  It begins to smell like poop.  It still smells like poop.  Human poop.  I believe the person before me dropped a deuce under the table.  My attempts to locate the exact source of the odor are for naught.  I get up and find a new table...1 star. My girlfriend brings me out some coleslaw, great...maybe the guy before me at that other table loved the food so much he couldn't control himself.  I try the coleslaw...it is gross.  There's a cranberry in my coleslaw...it should not be there, and even if it wasn't there the rest of the slaw tastes like someone dropped a mound of sugar into some salad dressing and add some fruit flavor to the top.  It is awful, like I would rather eat coleslaw from Sonny's BBQ...0 stars. Our food eventually comes out, or more accurately they randomly call our name out over loud speakers and then I approach the counter to what looks like my food, but no one confirms for me that it is.  I am hungry because I did not eat more than two fork fulls of slaw (the first being so bad, I had to make sure it wasn't me and tried it again after a minute or two), so I take the food and return to the table...1 star. I order the Big Elvis (or Fat Elvis), it's quite good...4 stars, basically hipster want-to be 4Rivers, not as good, but interesting none the less.  The real downside is the side or lack thereof.  I don't understand how I can't get a different side for a little more money, and I can't understand how for $11-$12 for a sandwich my side is literally a bag of chips.  This totally seems like the place that would make homemade chips, but no...it's like school lunch, a bag of chips...3 stars. My girlfriend gets the pulled pork taco, so I try a taco.  I don't know why I finished the taco, it was terrible...like I know I need to shower after the race and get the mud off, but now I want to scrub myself raw to get the feeling of this taco off of me.  When I tell you I want to vomit, that would be an understatement, because then I would run the risk of tasting part of the taco again.  Which doesn't make sense, because it's the same pulled pork from my sandwich, which I enjoyed...maybe the coleslaw is an evil virus that had infected the better than average pulled pork and turned it into rotten filth...I don't know, but I shouldn't have to answer that question after a good meal...2 stars. So basically if you are going to go here (and I don't know why you would, with other better places)...get the food to go, get the Fat Elvis or Big Elvis or whatever it was called, and tell them to keep the slaw as far away from your food as possible.  Oh and pick up some nicer sides.  Or just go to 4rivers, save yourself the trouble, the trip, and easily $2-$3 per person.
Great BBQ, be sure to try the Mr Smokey, you won't be disappointed!
The charm and appeal of Yellow Dog Eats is certainly a unique experience that should not be missed, but the business has simply outgrown its venue. I ordered the Smoochy Poochy, menu description reads; 'This veggie masterpiece has sliced Mozzarella, fresh cut basil drizzled with balsamic glaze, vine-ripened tomato on an artesian roll then pressed.' I wouldn't call a caprese much of a masterpiece, but the balsamic glaze was too much and distracted me from the other flavors in the sandwich. Also, the portions inside the sandwich were not proportional. There were hardly any tomatoes in it and more than enough mozzarella. I did enjoy the sandwich came with pita chips and hummus.
One of my favorite restaurants in the world. Owner is a super cool guy and talks to everyone. Makes you feel right at home and the food couldnt be better. Strongly recommend this place.
Solid, Solid, Solid!!  Best BBQ in Orlando.  Now 4 Rivers makes a mean brisket but the atmosphere and the food at Yellow Dog are better - bar none!  I had the drunken Elvis and it was not only delicious but a ton of food.  If you plan on coming - come hungry!   A very nice touch is the owner walks around and  talks with everyone and really makes you feel at home.  This was my first time there but I guess he does it all the time.  They have live music on the weekends.  I will be going back for sure.
This is a must if you're in the area. It has a nice blend of flavors and very crunchy bacon :)
I've heard about YDE for years. Once we finally moved to the west side of town, we were up for trying it out. This place is a little kitschy, but some of the food is very good. I absolutely loved their pulled pork, but was not thrilled with my mozzarella and tomato salad. I also wasn't impressed with the service, no one seemed to be happy to be there. I hope to have an even better experience next time!
Just found this hidden gem (hidden from me!) last month. Been back 3 times. Funky counter service deli style place. You have to try the mozzarella and tomato salad. It has the best balsamic dressing poured on it right before they serve it. I love the bbq pork in all it's forms. My favorite is just the pulled pork sandwich with bacon, yes bacon and the Chef's own citrus bbq sauce. Buy some it's so good on other things. Amazingly good.   They have a beautiful case of desserts. I've had part of a heath cookie bar and oatmeal sandwich. Both really good. I can't wait to go back again!
Fantastic place to come and slow down for an afternoon. The food has the most innovative BBQ items I have ever seen. I had the Pigs with Benefits which I loved!! Wife had The rufas. Also fantastic. All the sandwiches have amazing flavor combinations which is why I could never remember what our sandwiches consisted of. It's also a store you can purchase wine and some of your favorite sauces. Go enjoy. Not to be missed
I'm addicted to the Mexican Mutt!  Help me!
A true fiver.   Ambiance:                 ***** Servers:                   ***** Selection:                 ***** Overall enjoyment: ***** My only suggestion - more avocado on the Holy Crap. Bbq ribs are a grand slam as is the mustard based bbq sauce. Killer - as in perfect - cole slaw. Love the announcements and the seemingly ad lib concoctions whipped up while in line.   Outstanding. Fish,  you won us totally. Thanks for the experience.   We'll be back. And back.
This is the only great restaurant on the west side of Orlando
"Veganize it"  I love Yellow Dog Eats. The first time I looked at their menu and saw vegetarian choices with a "veganize it" option I was hooked. It's great to see that they offer vegan options, and immediately tell you "what to do" to make it vegan. The food is great. The restaurant is usually crowded, but I usually do take-out. The menu is very diverse and there's something for everyone.
Visted Yellow Dog because I had driven by it so many times I figured I outta try it. After one visit I was hooked! The food is amazing, the staff make your visit highly enjoyable and the atmosphere is fun and light! We enjoy going for lunch or dinner and love being able to pick out a great bottle of wine to go with our food. I highly recommend signing up for thier Facebook page because then you get thier daily specials...and you don't want to miss thier specials! My favorite is the smoked mac and cheese, it is literally to die for!!
I've always felt that eating out should be about more than just food.  Sure good food is a given for an enjoyable outing, but a good restaurant needs some atmosphere too.  The old building YDE is in just oozes charm and character. I went up to the counter and ordered the Pigs with Benfits wrap.  You won't find the standard "pulled pork plate" anywhere.  YDE has great pulled pork, but it is prepared and served in some truly unique ways! Outstanding, original food, great, quick and friendly service, and a fun homey atmosphere.  Five stars.
This place is the BOMB! The Jonny Rocket is unreal and their Bar-B-Q is the best you can get really anywhere I have gone in FL. Kat is awesome she will hook you up. If you join their facebook page they will tell you how to get free lunch once a day. Cool building, nice people, great food!
Even IF I  didn't get to participate  in the aforementioned "Sausage Party",  I'm still a big fan of this place. (See Christina's Mah gawd pic) It was hard to accept the hard reality I was not invited! BLUNT REALITY  as I learned is Christina's  pictured gastronomic indulgence was a "special of the night",  so the "unworthy" had to shift gears and make do with the balance of their menu. I just whimped out having been beaten down with the earlier sausage entree request rejection / let down and fell back to my last tried and proven - Fire Pig wrap.   Nothing new here on this wrap as it is hard to tweak perfection. Service is great and the bi-polar inspired decorations still fill my simple minds eye as one fills mouth n' belly. Yellow Dog Eats; you guys are too groovy.
I live in near YDG, so I am lucky enough to get to eat here offen. Seriously, do yourself a favor and go on MOnday and get the pulled pork nachos. They are magical. And the sangria. And get the dessert. And whatever soup they have that day. Sure, you'll end up looking like fat Jesus- but you'll be happy. Thank me later.
You know those magical places you go to eat where everything is delicious?  They are not mythical and one of them is YDE.  Start with whatever you want...the ribs, the Fire Pig, the Club Elvis.  It's all flavorful and rich in taste.  Damn good food worth the trip and every penny.  I will be back - sooner than later.
Food is good for Orlando but okay.  My main takeaway from the experience was the obnoxious behavior of the owner, "Fish" Morgan.   Mr FIsh, please don't scream and point at your customers in line. We can all read the menu, I don't need to be screamed at because you have a special on Kale soup.   This restaurant does that classic move where they give you too much food ( no sense of portion control) which justifies that higher price. My parents live in the area so I have gone on and off for years but probably will not again.
9/14/13 Armed with markers and a hunger for pulled pork, We went earlier than last time, so thankfully it wasn't too loud or crowded. Staff seemed a bit friendlier this time around as well. I ordered my "Fat Elvis" [the Club Elvis sandwich] once again. My friend ordered the Fire Pig and we split the special of the day, which was called "The Sausage Party" (Yellow Rice, Black Beans, Thai Chili, Red Onion and Cherry Pepper relish, Scallions, Sour Cream and a Fat Smoked Jalapeno Sausage). My Elvis was as good as I remembered, but a little more on the dry side because I couldn't find any BBQ sauce to put on it....But aside from that, the same crispy salty heaven. Decided to pass on the bread so I could save room for the Sausage Party without becoming uncomfortably full afterwards like last time. My friend did say she liked the Fire Pig, but couldn't taste  much of the sriracha that was supposed to be in it. Said it was REALLY dry. Actually I think she preferred the Sausage Party over the Fire Pig. The sausage was spicy sort of  kielbasa without being overpowering, and the rice and beans were tasty. The orange relish sauce was great. On leaving your mark upon on of the many available surfaces upstairs: Bring REALLY GOOD markers. OR Crayons. OR White Out. OR Puffy Paint....OR one of the tables looked like they took a knife to it? So there's that. We brought NEW black & silver sharpies and it killed them. Not before she left an Angel Seal on a wall, and I a pony on the table. We also put our initials on the Fish before they died. I bought a bottle of their Citrus BBQ sauce before we left. Can't wait to put that on some chicken, pork, or burgers at home . And of course we'll be back....But you probably could have already figured that out.
Yellow Dog is the only place I go to eat when I am in Orlando.  It has the best pulled pork sandwich ("Frisky" Rufus) that I have ever had.   Not to mention the great beers, amazing chocolate cake, and cool outdoor area.  The only negative about this place is that I have to drive 200+ miles from Miami to enjoy it :(
One of the best places in the entire world, pretty much. My friend lives 5 minutes away and mentioned this place to me and asked if I wanted to try it out. I'm always up for a new experience and yummy food so I went along with her and pretty much had my mind blown. It's a house in the middle of a regular neighborhood that's set up as a completely functional restaurant and their backyard is a garden with seating areas and a little homemade stage. It's absolutely adorable. They have chickens running around (completely harmless) and a black cat that apparently frequents this place and likes to take naps next to customers. You can bring your pets too! I've seen dogs in the garden just hanging out and running away from the chickens. Now, the food. OH MY GOODNESS. Um, where do I begin? The Classic Mexican Mutt, the Fire Pig, the orange and pineapple mimosas, the mozzarella and tomato salads with balsamic vinegar, their oven-roasted potato salads, their penne pasta...I'm out of breath now (and hungry)! The owner, Fish, is very friendly and he occasionally walks around and greets everyone and strikes up conversations with customers. He gave me a free cupcake once! The staff is pretty young, but very professional and they definitely know what they're doing. They're just gonna keep getting bigger and bigger, mark my words! xx MJ
Recently found this wonderful restaurant for a business lunch the other day. The sandwiches and pulled pork is amazing. Each sandwich has a play on varying condiments which makes them wonderful. I will be back soon with my family in tow to have them try it.
What a fantastic place! If you want somewhere funky and eclectic to grab a bite to eat and even a yummy adult beverage, this is the place! I was introduced to Yellowdog two or three years ago and have never been disappointed! My family and I have also used their upstairs dining area to hold two catered events. The menu is full of options for almost anyone's tastes. I usually get The Smokey which is a pulled pork sandwich topped with fried onions and marinated pineapple slices. The flavors meld so well together and the sandwich is absolutely delicious! If I'm not in the mood for BBQ, I order the Blackforest Hambone which is a ham sandwich topped with pineapple and other deliciousness I can't remember. You have the option to add Brie to it, which I normally do. It's a pretty epic sandwich :) There is not much more left to say, this place is relaxed and a wonderful dining experience! I highly suggest sitting in the garden patio. It's a beautiful place to enjoy your meal!
I love this place and wish there was one closer to home for me.  My favorite aspects, in order, are its charm/character/atmosphere, the friendly service, the fact that they are dog friendly/pet friendly on the patio, their sandwiches are delicious and fresh-made, they serve and sell beer/wine.  :)
I went back and must have had the cook having a bad day. The pulled pork wasn't as good as my previous sandwich. It was tough and had a heavier smoke flavor to it. I didn't like it and I had to take Pepcid to cover it. The cookies are great and I like their slaw and beans. Most of my family enjoyed it but they weren't impressed as much as I had hyped it to be from my previous visit. I'll go back but only to see if it was just a fluke bad day.
I had been wanting to go to this place for sometime [at least 2 years] and by the line inside from one far wall to the counter I was in for a meal to remember. Don't be discouraged by the line, use it to your advantage.  With the line being so long I had plenty of time to look over the menu. Everything sounded good. My experience is to try something that is a regulars favorite. There is no way you can go wrong with this theory. The menu also has a helpful key to navigate through recommendations and regular favorites. The atmosphere inside is like being in a really good friends house out in the country off of the only two lane road that leads to the main town square in the movie Pleasantville. Seating is limited but there is outside seating in the backyard and also upstairs. The food was excellent and I went with the recommended sangria to top it off. This place is on my short list of preferred places and I look forward to going again in the near future.
I finally made the pilgrimage to Yellow Dog Eats when a friend and I happened to be at the cemetery down the road visiting late artist Bob Ross' happy little grave (don't judge me). I was charmed by the neighborhood when I heard a rooster cock-a-doodle-dooing. I was charmed by the old house which smells ancient as you walk up the steep staircase. I was charmed by the fact that they encourage you to write all over the walls and have pictures of dogs everywhere. The patio in back with tables and Christmas lights? That's just damn charming. I wasn't charmed by the staff, however. They're just straight-up aloof and disinterested. Walking in and not having a clue as to what the process was, we waited several minutes at the front counter before being barked at and told to go to the back counter. Where's the love? The food made up for it considering that after dealing with the disgruntled staff, you no longer have to deal with them after ordering. The Fat Elvis (for Fat Asses) Sandwich is worth strangling an aging rock star over: pulled pork, bacon, fried onions and Gouda on a bun. This was seriously the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had, freeing me from 4Rivers and their two-hour line of starvation. The dessert case looked amazing. It was filled with homemade oatmeal cream pies and cupcakes and loads of other delights that cause the dreaded diabeetus. Everything looked delicious, but I still don't know as I couldn't get one of the Walking Dead to even look my way. Despite the weird vibe of a hippie enclave filled with an oddball staff, I'll return for the sandwich. I'd be willing to go almost anywhere for that sandwich.
3.5 hmm many raves, but have to disagree--it wasn't killer.  good, probably great for the area, and with a dog lover homey ambiance.  had the club bbq pulled pork sandwich (with bacon bits), tried the pulled pork salad and the waldorf salad plus the ginormous cookies.  light pork not much sauce, soft.
Bryan M & I were headed out to Clermont to watch our daughter's softball tournament.  Her game was later in the afternoon and we were going early to do some exploring in the area.  First we needed to get fueled up and make a stop for lunch.  We made a slight detour south so we could grab a bite at Yellow Dog Eats.  I had heard this restaurant was a favorite among the locals, so I couldn't wait to check it out. I was surprised to see this eclectic eatery nestled up in the neighborhood.  We followed the signs and found some parking out back.  We saw some interesting neighbors as we walked by!  They were quite talkative and made part of the charm of the eatery. You can walk around and go in the front door or make your way in through the back patio. Once we were inside we took a moment to take in the restaurant.  This bistro is also has a nice wine selection for you to pursue. There are a few different areas in the restaurant where you can enjoy your meal.  There is seating in the main dining room on the first floor, but if you'd like more space head upstairs.  We decided to take advantage of the nice weather and enjoy our meal outdoor on the patio.  This patio is quite inviting with plenty of seating and lush plants adding to the decor. There were a lot of tasty options on the menu appealing to both the meat and veggie fans.  Since this was our first visit we asked for some suggestions.  We decided to split the sandwich of the day and get a "Scooby Snack".  There is a whole case of delicious looking desserts and I'm always tempting by treats, but we were going to stop by Donut King later on so I passed.  Along with the wine you will find a nice selection of craft beer available. My Tangerine Wheat beer from Lost Coast Brewery was perfect for a summer afternoon.  The Mozzarella & Tomato salad was delicious with the right amount of seasonings.  Bryan is a big fan of sandwiches and the Ye Olde Boys Club did not disappoint.  This club sandwich was great and the bread they use is perfect; plenty big for the two of us to share. There was another couple enjoying their meal on the patio and we soon made conversation.  We found out it was their first visit as well and they were raving about the food too.  They were enjoying the Pulled Pork Nachos and invited us to sample some.  They were right, these nachos were delicious. I now see why Yellow Dog eats is popular with the locals; you have great food with friendly service all set in a unique environment.  I can't wait till my daughter has another tournament out this way and we can enjoy another meal here.  Though if it doesn't happen soon we may have to find another excuse to make our way out west.
Amazing !!  Nice people and great food.
Great Fresh Food I ad pull pork salad, if you Like a bit spice food this master piece is for you. Enjoy
We met a good friend in the Orlando area, wanted to avoid the chain restaurants, and after reading the reviews decided to head to Yellow Dog.  First, the house is really interesting, over a 100 years old, so everything is a mish mash of chairs and tables, very homey.  They have all sorts of crafts and hot sauces for sale too.  We ordered some salads and a sandwich, forget the fun name, but that was the bomb, it was whole grains with peanut butter, jelly, fresh bananas, fresh strawberries and chocolate chips, with animal crackers :)  And yes we are over the age of 10.  They have outdoor patio seating that if it's nice, would be great.  We would head back again for more.
Tucked away in the quiet neighborhood of Gotha just outside of Orlando is a quaint and cozy place to grab a sandwich, a salad or some BBQ.  The food is good.  And they get bonus points for creativity.  The very unique sandwiches all have fun names like Fluffy Love or the Beast of the Middle East.  On a rainy Tuesday we stopped by Yellow Dog Eats to grab some lunch.  Usually, there is a long line wrapped around the dining room but on this particular afternoon there were lots of people in the restaurant but no wait.  Bonus. Occasionally I order something in a restaurant that is just not good and this time it was the Jolly Green Giant wrap.  It sounded delicious on paper but it just didn't execute well.  Jolly Green Giant mushy messThe menu stated  "a spinach tortilla filled to the brim with meaty avocado, red onions, goat cheese, sprouts, scallions,and spring mix are made delightful with our cilantro-lime-avocado dressing."   In reality, it was just a mushy wet mess.  Between the avocado and the dressing, it was just a blob of cream wrapped in a tortilla.  There was literally a puddle of liquid on the plate.  If you look closely in the above picture you can see the clear watery liquid under the sandwich.  It was yucky. I did, however, enjoy the hummus and pita chips that came as a side to my sandwich. Chad ordered the Kitty Kat tuna sandwich which is always one of his favorites.  They use white albacore tuna with lettuce, onions, dried cranberries, sunflower sprouts, Gouda cheese and orange-cointreau mayo on multi grain bread.  I think he orders this every time we visit Yellow Dog Eats and it has never let him down. I also ordered a cup of the Beer Cheese soup which was OK- it was very sour tasting.  Not like beer, not like cheese- I couldn't quite pin down the flavor- it was just sour. My favorite part of my meal was the side of mozzarella and cheese I had also ordered.  Perfect little round balls of  mozzarella and cherry tomatoes drizzled with a balsamic glaze.  Tiny pieces of fresh basil made this so delicious.  I would have been happy eating a couple bowls of this as my meal.  Yummy. Yellow Dog Eats wallYellow Dog Eats is a very popular local hangout.  Graffiti is everywhere- on the walls, the tables and the chairs.  I mean everywhere.  A few bad words but mostly just people writing fun little quotes on any available surface.  For the lines that I have seen here there are not nearly enough tables to accommodate everyone on a crowded day, though we were fine that afternoon and sat in the upstairs dining room.  The only annoying thing was having to carry our tray up and down the narrow staircase but at least it was quiet up there.  Not that this is a bad thing but the guys in the kitchen love to sing along to whatever song is playing on the radio.  Again, not a bad thing- but it was nice to sit in a more quiet area. We also felt a little pressured when we had barely walked into the door and we were approached by a gentleman telling us what to order.  While I am sure these were meant to be just suggestions they certainly didn't across that way. He also had no problem handling the food that made it to the counter with his bare hands in plain view.  I just think that is gross. Unfortunately, because of a runny sandwich and sour soup- I give it 3 1/2 sprouts.
Cool concept. Food is mediocre. Not as healthy as it seems. Very tasty tho. Ambience is neat and cozy. Staff is nice for the most part. Had the Mr. smokey which was good but any one with functioning taste buds could tell you that the bbq sauce they use is just Cattleman's Gold and not their own. Desert was really good! Also, Fish, the owner,  could be a little less rapey with the girls. he got a little too touchy feely with my girlfriend for my liking. He comes off as a big creep and seems a little full of himself. Other than that, it's a good place to go for a chill meal!
This place is a wonderful find in the middle of a neighborhood. The BBQ pulled pork is awesome, and just about every sandwich is amazing. Sitting outside is awesome, but there aren't a lot of seats. Pro tip: There's an upstairs area with big kitchen tables. Definitely a great local eatery to try.
Been in Florida for 9 months & this is by far my FAVORITE restaurant!  Anytime my friends & family come in, this is the 1st place I take them!  All have LOVED IT & bring it up in conversation after they've gone home.  It's very casual, comfortable & the food is delicious!  My husband & I love to eat out back in the garden.  Very sweet.   My favorite dish is The Elvis sandwich: pulled pork, gouda cheese, fried onions, bacon & bbq sauce!  COME ON!  How can you BEAT THAT?  Oh, our other fav is the cherry tomato/mozzarella ball salad w/balasmic glaze.   The servings are huge & the staff is always friendly.They do have several items for sale, including wines, sauces, jellies, etc so that's probably the reason for the "store" comments but it just gives you something interesting to look at! And my out of town friends like to take this stuff home as souveniers.  Honesty, I can't think of one negative thing to say!   I ALMOST FORGOT... DESSERT!  They have very nice selection of tasty treats!!
This was a hidden gem found around Orlando. They have amazing pulled pork sandwiches, and the other food looked just as good. We got the Rufus and club Elvis. Both were delicious, and a generously sized sandwich! There is a bar inside with a few drafts as well as a good amount of craft beer in cans/bottles Atmosphere was nice and chill/relaxing, and all the staff was very pleasant. Thanks Alex for helping me find the "pop"!
Great sandwich. Pulled pork with cheese and bacon piled high on a delicious bun. Are you joking?  Amazing. They also have some healtier faire and some great looking fresh sides. But the pulled pork hooked me. Great and fun atmosphere. Will definitely go back.
Great food.  Can get a little cramped when busy, but love the vibe.
OK, so while bemoaning relocating and never getting to eat at my beloved Fins again, I start reading about local stuff here in the Orlando area. What's this, a dive with a five star rating, also rated in Zagat's with a chef from the CIA. This I have to check out. OMG. It reminds me of Fin's but not. Carpeted uneven floors, a line to place your order, a garden with tables out back, photos of dogs all over, campy decor, selling their own homemades...I was in heaven. If only the food lives up...Yes! What wonderful combinations on the sandwiches, smokehouse odors wafting in and outside, plus the portions. Ordered way too much food here on the first visit but took home the rest for a second great meal. What was that on the table...pork nachos...I started to shake. Eating in comfort, shorts and a tee with flip flops, no one chasing me out, steady steam of locals and regulars in and out. I found my new fave. It's not Fins and I don't expect it to be but it gives me what I need. All the comforts of that special place where everybody knows your name, a respite from the world, my shelter from the storm. Fins I love you but I know it is time to move on; I've found a new lover. PS: After eating here for over a month now, I think we feel like regulars so Bailey, my best friend ever has made it onto the back wall with the other Yellow Dogs. Here's to you, Bailey, my old Yellow Dog and to my new Yellow Dog.
I heard about this place from one of my favorite customers Laura K. I have passed it a 100 times running through town. I finally went in and was immediately greeted with a smile and told the specials. You would think this little place could hold 30 people tops then see there is a back patio and even an upstairs. Speaking of the back patio there is a really cool restored VW Bus back there as part of the decor. Well I since have been back 3 times and love the food. I met the owner the first time and he sold me half the restaurant ..lol I saw him again today and he remembered me by name and again described his amazing food with tremendous passion. This place filled up fast and he went up to each person with love and a smile. I tried the fire pig sandwich and it was incredible. So I now have a new favorite sandwich and a new favorite place. Now my wife is dying to go and we will make a date night out of it and enjoy the wine selection at the bar.  Thanks  again Captain Johnny M. Owner Captain Johnny' s Mobile Marine Service.
I am visiting this area and sister and brotherinlaw know many out of the way,fun,funky places to eat. This is one of them. Crazy inside, small place and lots of people coming and going. You place your order and find a table inside or on the patios, and they call when the food is ready. Pulled pork was tender and smokey, BBQ sauce was tangy and tasty. Rasberry iced tea was good. The Cole slaw looked great, but was a little too spicy for my taste. A neat place with tasty food, and dogs..yellow or not...were welcome
After reading some of the reviews we decided to give it a try for lunch... We all weren't impress and thought this place was overrated. We had the Elvis sandwich and the Yardhouse sandwich. Both sandwich was drenched in bbq sauce and was too sweet and hard to eat. Come to Texas for some real pull pork sandwich that doesn't need to be masked with sauce. The layout is nice with the outdoor patio and service was quick. Average price is $13 for a sandwich, drink, and chips
Mind-blowing! Hole-in-the-wall, kitschy, but stunningly delicious food!
Off the beaten path, Yellow Dog Eats is a local treasure. Gourmet food and a wide selection of wines is sure to please the palate. NEVER pass up on the beer cheese soup when their is a pot a brewing! The ribs are my favorite item on the menu but the Elvis sammie is also a crowd pleaser. The dessert bar is orgasmic and the orange dreamsicle cake is highly recommended! Is Fido sad you are going out for lunch / dinner? Don't fret! Leash up your mongrel and bring him along as this spot is dog friendly. The place is a cozy spot with extra seating upstair and out back on a garden style patio. There is also an extra private room upstairs for events should you need to host a special event. There is extra parking in the rear and across the street but be aware lunch and dinner can get crowded. Internet is also available if you just need a spot to surf and sup. I am REALLY hoping for a Yelp event here one day...hint hint! The local roosters are very inquisitive so do be surprised to find these spirited cocks in the parking on your way in or out!
Had the Rufus tonight, an amazing sandwich, just wish i had brought 25 wet wipes for clean up :o)
Definitely a cool place with delicious food. I tried a couple sandwiches from my family and everything is amazing. I was only visiting the area but I will definitely be going back when I can!
excellent local place hidden amongst the residences in small-town Gotha. highly recommend the sandwiches, but they will gladly make salads, too. famous for their Club Elvis Sandwich.
What am amazing place! The environment and feel is great and the food is beyond words. The sauce they use on their BBQ is great and has a unique and completely delicious taste. Staff was friendly and helpful to us new comers. This was a great fund and we'll be stopping in again in the future!
yellow dog has reopened....awsome pulled pork sandwiches...its good have a funky independent restaurant in Orlando
So much goodness is one place! The good is delicious! The atmosphere is awesome! And the staff has always been great. I've tried a few different things over the years, but I tend to always go back to the Old Smokey. It is so amazing and...now I want it! It's located in a house. Yep. A big two story house that is jam packed with all kinds random stuff - and I love that they've added a place to buy their sauces and wines. Oh man, so much goodness in one location!
Excellent food and ambience. It was funny, but I felt a little old and misplaced there. Nothing anyone did or said, but I felt like I was back in college. Definitely recommendable.
Eclectic, local, fun and GOOD!   I love a good local place, and YDE is definitely one. It is located in the old Gotha Country Store.  Food is primarily BBQ based, but if you are not a fan of BBQ there are great options.  Sandwiches are large, and filling.   Salads are even bigger and just as good.  Personal fave is the "White Trash" which is a heap of BBQ and coleslaw slathered open face on a couple pieces of sunbeam white bread. Great desserts made locally and vary from time to time.  If they have the peanut butter pie, go for it.  Delicious.  Great place to relax indoors, put your feet up outside, or get a great take out meal. The restaurant staff is friendly and helpful. Prices aren't bad, particularly for the amount of food.  Be sure and check out their Facebook page to see their daily specials.
Love this place, we've been eating here for years. Their sandwiches are wonderful, and they have a great selection of vegetarian items as well. A must try if you're in the area!
Wifi password is 4072960609, awesome food here, great decor and atmosphere. Lots of BBQ inspired sandwiches. Ribs are fantastic. Write on the walls most anywhere!! Cutest restaurant in Gotha
Best restaurant in Orlando bar none. Fun ambiance, super friendly and fun staff, and downright delicious foods!!
So delicious and quaint!
Outstanding!  So glad to call it my FAVORITE place and so close to home!
Great place the food they give you is a great portion. Inside is not to big but they have parking behind the house. Food is messy and fun and I seen some amazing meals I want to try . I would recommend and will be back again
One of our favorite restaurants. Can be pricey for some sandwiches, but the quality is excellent. Atmosphere is a plus, but size of restaurant is very limited. Outdoor seating is great during good weather, but limited inside. Owner 'Fish' Morgan is usually around and very engaging. You can tell he takes a lot of pride in his restaurant.
The MacNCheese is Excellent! I liked the coleslaw and I don't ever eat cole slaw. They sanwiches are fresh and tasty- I didn't try an sauces- sorry I was really hungry and in a rush! The Clever Branding is cool too - See my photos!
This is exactly the type of whole in the wall place that is fun to go to as it has a ton of character.  Luckily the food is fantastic as well.  This is how you make a roast beef sandwich.  Will definitely come back whenever I'm in Orlando.
This place is a nice hidden away gem. The food is excellent, I had the pulled pork sandwich and I killed it. My boyfriend is still talking about his tacos that he got. The atmosphere is great too, has a cute hole-in-the-wall hippie vibe to it that's really unique. I loved eating outside in the garden area, can't wait to come back again.
I decided to take a drive for lunch solo today. I found myself at Yellow Dog Eats. It's one of those places you have to know about. You know you're close when you see chickens in the road. I decided to eat in instead of taking out. I dined on Briechon Chise w/ homemade cole slaw. I have always loved a Brie & fruit platter, but to have Brie & sliced Granny Smith apples on a sandwich?! That I just could not pass up!! This place gets a 5+++++
In a word, this place is; "FANTASTIC!"  I've had several items off their menu as well as specials and have never been disappointed.  I've also attended their craft beer nights (check schedule) and had a great time.  Always happy to recommend YDE's to friends and out-of-towners looking for good food and a unique atmosphere!
I've been dying to try this place out, and I finally was able to make my first visit on a Monday afternoon. The interior was a little cozy (see: cramped), but certainly added to the charm. The outside patio was much more spacious, and had plenty of seating.  The menu was surprisingly extensive for such an unassuming location, ranging from hot dogs and burgers, to salads and BBQ. I ordered a Rufus, which is a pulled pork sandwich topped with cherry peppers, brie cheese, and raspberry melba. I decided to add shoestring fries, bacon, and onions for a full package. All in all, the sandwich was amazing! With so much meat and extras piled on top, it was a little messy to eat by hand, but hey...that's why they invented forks, right? My only knock on them is the rather slow service on the day I visited. Everyone was more than cordial, but it seemed like the kitchen was understaffed, and wasn't preparing the food as fast as I would expect. Food seemed to take too long to come out for each customer, despite everyone working very hard. Plan on a fairly long wait during prime lunch/dinner hours. Aside from the wait times, everything else was fantastic, and I highly recommend it!
Food, atmosphere, drinks, dogs, etc. This is one of my favorite places in town for a reason. My favorites are pretty much any of the bbq sandwiches and the Johnny Rocket.
I am not a vegetarian, but the Black Hound is fantastic. As anyone will attest, YDE is worth the visit; beautiful scenery.
So eclectic & such a fun atmosphere!!!! This is my 3rd time & my hubby's first......he just fell in love!!!!!!
I love this place and the food...OMG...i get so amused at the bad review every once in a while you can almost see the "up tight person" who writes them. Yellow dog is priceless.....i love the salads and even vegan dishes but you cannot fail to get the ribs...fall off the bone fab and Chef Fish's sauce is heaven.....Do not miss this place if you have to drive a while to get there.....fantastic
What a delight it was to discover this treasure today! Fun, energetic atmosphere and friendly, involved staff all go into the experience of this great little farm house/restaurant. The food is  home-cooked yet sophisticated with flavor combinations that just might blow your mind! We shared the pork nachos and plan to go back for poke tacos on our way out of town tomorrow! I will visit this joint every time I'm in the area. Today's lunch was a highlight in our cross country drive and will not be forgotten.
Yellow Dog Eats's charming atmosphere, helpful service, and outstanding food is worth the off-the-beaten path that most visitors will have to take in order to get there. Believe me - I most recently stopped here and here alone out of all the places in Orlando on hour nine of a 16 hour drive from the Florida Keys back to Central Texas. I'd been there before, of course - I lived in Orlando for seven years, and Yellow Dog Eats was a celebrated destination for those of us in my social clique that considered ourselves gourmands. But it wasn't until I'd been away for a while that I really appreciated the things that make Yellow Dog so enjoyable. The beautiful backyard patio, the often-tacky interior decorations, the solid wood that makes up the floors and walls. I got a Rufus, because I love barbeque as much as I love my family. If you love your family, take them to Yellow Dog Eats. Then they'll finally know just how much you appreciate them.
Wow! In town for a business meeting a and was fortunate enough to be in the area. The pulled pork was great. I ordered the Blue Suede Shoes and a Hong Kong Fuey. Both delicious! Check this place out! Lots of specialty sauces and jams as well.
This place is definitely a hidden gem! The ambiance is wonderful and I can imagine the patio area would be amazing at night! The inside looks like organized chaos with tons of dog pictures everywhere! It's counter service, you order and then sit down and they call you when your order is ready. I had the Elvis and my wife had the florida cracker! Wow! "Sandwich" is a misnomer because there is no way the huge pile of deliciousness fits between two pieces of bread so a fork and knife is a must! Great craft beer selection and the tomato and mozzarella salad had the most delicious balsamic sauce I've ever tasted! 100% recommend checking this place out!
This is a special place. I've never had a bad experience or tried a menu item that I did not like. The owner, Fish, makes everyone feel welcome. The food is always delicious and the atmosphere is fun! I love Yellow Dog Eats!
This place is the coolest little BBQ joint in town, I just love it! The staff is friendly, the place is charming and odd, but in a fun way! The food is awesome and not ultra-heavy like most BBQ can be, the beer selections are great and the desserts are like heaven in your mouth. YDE is simply perfect! ProTip: order the Club Elvis!
Excellent... A bit pricey but that is typical for Florida... Barbecue was solid, nothing exceptional but very good flavor ambience was amazing
I know there is hype surrounding Yellow Dog Eats, but I was just not feeling the love on my first visit. 1st, let me point out that even though the menu says it's gluten free if you order chicken, doesn't mean that it's actually gluten free.  Beware and ask lots of questions. 2nd, whomever let the dude work the microphone on the day we were there, should be given the afternoon off with no pay.  Wait, no.. just send the dude home...  I get that you're trying to be all eclectic and trendy and hipster, but when I'm trying to enjoy a nice Saturday lunch in a beautiful garden, just shut up.  He was pushing the special of the day hard, joking inappropriately and just ruining the ambiance in general. Small Fry and I shared the chicken nachos.  A small plate of nothing special for 10 bucks.  Boyfriend seemed to enjoy his sandwich, but for a place this "cool" to serve bag chips?  Huh... don't get it. If you want to get a feel for the place, like it on Facebook.  I unliked within a few days. I won't be back, unless someone can tell me Mr. Microphone is no longer with them. One star for the food and the other star is for the pretty garden area I got to sit in!
Awesome. Great food. Great Music. Live Music Thus-Sat. Awesome deco. I think it's safe to say you've never been to a place like this before. After a while we all get tired of the franchises... Switch it up and stop by here. Bonus: we got to meet the owner and he mentioned he's opening a new one in New Semyrna Beach.
Yellow Dog Eats is a totally cool cafe/store off the beaten path in Gotha, FL that Fish Morgan has created into one of the most unique menus and spots in Orlando. You will most likely have to make the drive there which is totally worth it. Make the trip. See the chickens running wild. Seriously, do it.. They have some many delicious things on the menu that are all over the map in terms of offerings. I usually go with the Fire Pig which is a pulled pork wrap with a bunch of awesomeness in it including siracha, slaw.. you get the point. All of their sandwiches are awesome. They always have a delicious dessert case stocked that is worth the calories no matter what you get. They also have a handful of sides/salads in the case up front that are good. Fish, who if he is working, you will know it (especially if you are an attractive lady) is usually working the guests, and helping run food. You will hear him on the PA System if he is around.. enjoy. The do get busy mostly around lunch and dinner rushes, but there is plenty of seating in the main area, upstairs and outside in the back. Its a great place to bring visitors or to make the trip out to for lunch. We prefer the carry out which always hits home with the shorties!
Ok, YDE. Here's the deal. I don't even live on that side of the state. Traveled to Orlando and was told this was a must-try. I went the first day of my visit. And every day after that. No joke. And I'm currently trying to figure out how I can get out there again. It's ridiculous. First of all, it's charming. Like, toats adorbs even (yes, I said that). But beyond that, the food is incredible. I had a sandwich one day that had the craziest combo of stuff on it, but was fantastic! And it was the size of a small child, too. Seriously, YDE - you're magic.
This place is a handcrafted blend of flavor profiles and personality. The pulled pork tacos were generous in portions and excellent. The sides are awesome and the desserts are wicked sweet. Banana pudding pie was incredible. The only thing that would make this place better would be if so many people did not know it was this great.
2 words - Fire Pig. Ohhhh Mama! Well, that's 4 words, but you get my point. Now it's 19 words.
My previous experience here wasn't great but the owner's apology and invitation to return means a lot to me, so I'm suspending my review until I've had a chance to try again.
Yellow Dog Eats is a very cool place. I've been here twice and both times the food was great. The ambiance is eclectic, lots of tchotchk on the walls, and interesting graffiti as well. The outdoor seating is nice in the cooler parts of the year, and soon the red VW bus "The Dog House" will be open. Beer and wine choices are abundant, that's for sure. The staff is very friendly and a bit eclectic themselves. It's a great place for a date, or to meet a group of friends. Check it out. My only caveat while there last time. I love music, I love your music, but it was too loud for normal conversation in the back garden. I think I remember it when it was the old general store in Gotha. Am I right?
I have always been impressed with this place! It's a chill place to eat and no matter what I get, it's delicious :-)
No joke, my absolute favorite place to eat in Orlando. Every time I come in town to visit family, Yellow Dog is a must...so I can get my fix! I cannot say enough good things about this place; the atmosphere is quaint, the food is a-maz-ing, and the service is awesome.  I have gone to Yellow Dog for years now and I love to see how much it has grown over the years and how it keeps expanding...the newest addition of the bar is great. Can't beat enjoying a pineapple mimosa on a rainy Sunday afternoon. The food is just great- obviously the main reason I keep coming back time and time again. My boyfriend loves the BBQ pulled pork sandwiches- can't beat true BBQ made in a smoker. Definitely prepare to get messy though! My favorite by far is the tuna sandwich (The Kitty Kat)...it's seriously amazing. The vegetarian selections (and the option to make things vegan) is also nice to have since I prefer to go that route most of the time. Choose the a deli side to get with your meal-- the mozzarella/tomato salad, pasta salad, or potato salads are a yummy addition to your sandwich! For soups- by far the Beer cheese soup is the best. For drinks-- I always get a Pineapple mimosa which is very refreshing and they serve it in a redneck wine glass which adds a cute little touch. They also offer alot of Organic or local beer selections as well--and let's not forget the awesome wine selection. Dessert is always a unique offering since they get their baked goods from local bakers but I haven't had something I didn't like. (Shout out to Fairy Cake Bakery!) All in all this place would not be complete without their Chef and Owner Fish Morgan! If there is a long line during the lunch rush he is offering to grab drinks for the people waiting or entertaining them over the intercom. He makes you feel at home and definitely makes you laugh-- I promise you will leave entertained and never frustrated waiting in line. My thoughts are always if there is a long line--it must be good! This is a must try in Orlando! And as much as I would want one in Tampa--I like how unique it is and wouldn't want it any other way. Keep it up Fish :)
This place is just one word....AMAZING!!! I wish it could be recreated to an Orlando location but I don't mind the 30-45 min drive.
Visiting from Atlanta....the pork sandwich topped off with Fish's Butt Blistering BBQ Sauce was wonderful ...great atmosphere ...a must visit!
Yellow Dog is one of my favorite restaurants. The BBQ pork is excellent. Service can be iffy sometimes, but overall, is a great place to goto.
Came here for the first time today. Had Kitty Kat and Holy crap. Both were delicious. White chocolate cheesecake was great. Definitely coming back to try other items on the menu
Oh man, this place is amazing. It's a very eclectic looking place and the seating is a little all over the place. You can sit inside, to the right, upstairs, or outside. I like eating outside the best, even during the summer months since they have fans going all the time. People write all over the tables, adding to the homey feel. Parking can be a problem, but I always just park right across the street in the dirt lot. Even though it sounds strange, you have to try the Bichon Cheesy (or similar, I forget the name) at least once. It's a sandwich made up of cheese, Granny smith apples, onions, and some kind of chutney. The pulled pork sandwich is good too, but a little spicy for my taste.
I've heard amazing things about YDE, and now I know why! It's a funky, cool place to have delicious food! YDE is one of those "blink and you'll miss it" places in the Windermere area. It's a house turned into a restaurant (and store) with fun decorations and writing all over the walls (a lot of pictures of yellow dogs, as you might imagine). The staff is friendly and clearly enjoys working there. The owner was around to talk to customers, promote specials, and basically make people laugh. It was clear that he loves his business and takes pride in it, which says a lot! Now, onto the food. They have just about every kind of sandwich and salad you can imagine, and then there's the barbecue on top of that. I ordered a Puppy Love sandwich, which was basically the most amazing PBJ I've ever had in my life. Imagine this: Thick slices of multigrain bread. Homemade strawberry preserves. Creamy peanut butter, sprinkled with a layer of chopped peanuts. Fresh slices of strawberries and bananas. Chocolate chips. Served with a side of animal crackers. It took me back to kindergarten, except my mom never made me a sandwich like this! It was super filling and absolutely huge...I could have shared the love with someone else for sure! My boyfriend had the Club Elvis, which was fantastic. Pulled pork with homemade BBQ sauce topped with melted gouda, thick-sliced bacon, and fried onion strings. Served with chips. I'll admit, I stole some of it when he wasn't looking. We will definitely be back to try more of this amazing food. I can't wait!
YellowDog is absolutely amazing! I can't speak much for any other dish besides the Club Elvis, which I get EVERY TIME I go to YDE.  It is BBQ heaven!  Best BBQ in Central Florida if you ask me.   (I have never been to 4Rivers BBQ though and it's on the list to try.) Go to yellowdog today... Like now.. GO.. RUN!
Great environment, great service, lots of unique menu offerings. You can tell that this restaurant is somebody's baby. I got the avocado hummus, the drunken pig and the caramel pie. Of the three things, the pie was the best. Really tasty stuff there. I would suggest getting it. The drunken pig was pulled pork with bacon, fried onions, cheese, and a cheesy beer soup with BBQ sauce. It was what I would describe as pretty good. Not as amazing as you might expect, but definitely not bad either. The avocado hummus was fine. The prices were decent. Ordering process seemed a little strange, but generally a satisfying meal.
Amazing pulled pork & BBQ sauce... But what's more amazing is the chefs ability to work unexpected, delightfully surprising twists into the food. The pineapple on the Mr. Smokey is the light & tangy counter balance to the mounds of juicy pulled pork. The basil pesto is the perfect compliment to the Holy Crap turkey sandwich. I'd definitely suggest both, I'm already craving more & planning my next trip. Hint: try something crazy - chances are YDE has done a great job & you'll love it. (Like the beer cheese soup)
Enjoyed this joint! I am pleased to have found such a rad, authentic place in Orlando. They have indoor and outdoor seating complete with a restored classic VW van. If you're lucky, you'll also see live chickens roaming the property. :) The restaurant vibe reminds me of some places in Austin; the whole place is like one big yearbook with signatures, quotes, and plenty of dog photos that pull your heart strings. My classmate and I shared The Holy Crap signature sandwich, and The Dog's "Famous" Pulled Pork Sandwich. Both were delicious, but as someone who loves pulled pork... My taste buds were singing as the meat was oh so tender and juicy. Try your sandwich with the BBQ sauce, too! We wrapped up with dessert--raspberry white chocolate cheesecake and marshmallow s'mores-like brownie. For the latter, they microwaved for 10 seconds. Have fun, and absorb its funkiness!
I love Yellow Dog Eats!  It is in a neat little town Gotha, Fl.  It is very unique and the food is very good.  You can eat vegetarian.  So yummy!  We go there when my parents are in town and everyone loves it.
This place feels like they are in middle of no where, especially when you let your GPS bring you here. The parking in the back can go so far back the GPS thinks you are on another street. This place has a mix of BBQ eats that doesn't seem to have the BBQ style. I had the ribs with the gold sauce, whatever this gold sauce is it tastes good on the ribs, with ribs dipped in and on my fries. The pulled pork is juicy, tender and really nice to eat. The prices are so reasonable I would love to come back. The beer selection is this beer from California. Here's what I don't understand, I'm sure there are plenty of local beers, why go all the way to California? It was good beer though. They don't have a huge selection of the craft beers from California, but it is good enough to have one or two with your food. As you walk up the creeky stairs to the upstairs, more seating but doesn't have the same feel as downtstairs. On the walls are all these nice pictures of dogs that people must have sent in, what a nice treat. Too bad I don't have a dog.
Hard to choose what to eat here!! Always takes me 15 minutes to figure out what to order!!
Best BBQ in Orlando. But it's not just a BBQ restaurant. Amazing California styles with Southern influences. Really there is no one way to describe it as it is all influenced by Fish Morgan, the owner, head chef, and if you stop by chances are you'll run into him as he gives a friendly hello. Do yourself a favor, stop looking for a place to eat and go to Yellow Dog. You'll be telling your friends about it 100%
Yellow Dog has some of the best and most creative lunch items imaginable. Yellow Dog features a blend of organic type sandwiches, country style BBQ, and a whatever the heck we can think of mentality.  Each and every sandwich and wrap I've gotten here has been delicious.  They also provide you with a bag of chips and a side of coleslaw.  Kinda wish they made their own chips because I would think they'd probably be amazing but that's okay. The inside is very unique and so is the owner.  He's a very cool dude who definitely cares deeply about his restaurant and the community.  Often they have events raising money for charity.  Yellow Dog also features a collection of BBQ sauces, jellies, jams, and butters.  These sauces are outstanding.  I bought a spicy BBQ sauce for some BBQ I was making, it kicked my butt.  These are good ideas for Christmas gifts. Parking has been expanded in the back which is nice.  The weekends around lunch time usually get pretty crowded but if it's a nice day, there's lots of outside tables in the zen gardens.  If the weather is nasty, the inside is pretty tight.  Be prepared to stand...
Great food,  vibe and staff! Only been here a few times but absolutely love this place. I always like asking the staff what they recommend.  They haven't steered me wrong yet. Took a friend their my last visit who is from out of town and he loved it!
Great hipster place to get a beer and a good sandwich. The food is excellent, but their beer prices are a tad high. If you want a micro-brew it will cost you $8 per pint!! Parking is always a nightmare, especially friday nights, and sunday morning. Try them out for lunch first where there isn't a huge line out the door.
Love the unique flavor combinations and eclectic atmosphere.  Will come back often and bring friends when they visit from out of town.
Just great BBQ and a cool place in general. Easy to become a regular at Yellow Dog. I have been considering some type of support group for the addiction I started by first walking into The Yellow Dog. It has become a weekly stop and I am scared it may turn into twice a week and then....its all down hill.... What a great place and just incredible food. With outside seating in a small almost garden like setting you can enjoy your BBQ in the natural light. The way its meant to be enjoyed. Plenty of beer to choose from and a wine bar....even a good selection of bottled wine. Make sure you give this one a try....you'll be back that's for sure. Oh...and a dessert case full of handmade items that match the level described above. Yummy !!!
Knew nothing about the place, came across it with my brother just before they opened for lunch.  This place is unrefined in the perfect way.  Amazing time and effort seems to have gone into a very creative menu.  We ordered a few items, and each was better than the previous.  Be ready for a lunchtime line, and it will be worth it.  Just good fun, and better food.
Genesis 1:40 On the 8th day, God created Fish, the coolest surfer chef ever. On the 9th day, Fish created pulled pork sandwiches like no other has been created before. On the 10th day, Fish made fun of me for looking grumpy in the line. On the 11th day, I bowed before Fish and joined in saying a prayer to his God, Marktar: Creator of sandwich and super crispy smoked bacon On the 12th day, God got pissed because we were praying to another god. On the 13th day, God tried the Club Elvis and said "Holy shit this IS a good sandwich!" And the people rejoiced.....
oh my, love! What a charming spot to hang, relax and grab some good food. It's like a little bungalow eatery with lovely wines. Unfortunately I came in around 8pm, one hour till closing in the week and the pasta salad side I had was completely dried out so not sure how it tasted cause I literally only had one bite. Not their fault but I wish we had noticed before I left since my order was to go. For my meal I went with the Classic Yellow Dog Club: Honey mesquite turkey coupled with smoked gouda cheese and layered with crunchy apple wood smoked bacon, leaf lettuce, and crunchy cucumber rings arranged lovingly on multi-grain bread. The mesquite flavor was def there and overbaring at times but it was delicious.  A hearty helping as well. As soon as I laid eyes on the dessert case I knew I was in for it. The fudge brownie with ice cream sandwiched in between, OH MY! Yes, it was rich and everything you would dream it to be. But my favorite, BY FAR was the coconut cake. MY WORD. This was like the golden child of the best coconut creme pie you ever had paired with the best coconut cake you ever had... just melted delicious velvety flavors onto your tastebuds as you yearned for more. Now Juliana's in College Park has someone to compete with. I can't wait to head back here to enjoy the ambiance whether it be the log cabin charming store feeling inside or the greenery surrounded by relaxing ambiance outside in the back. I would def bring my pup here to relax with me in the back. The staff was pretty friendly and the decor is a whole other thing to take in. All your senses are smiling here at Yellow Dog Eats!!
I grew up in a small family.  . .I was the only child in the house.  I've always wondered what it would feel like to live in a house full of people. When I entered YDE, I found out what it might feel like to live in a house full of people.  Lots of movement, lots of stuff, and a lot of "I'll get with you in a second."   I found out really quick, if I was going to make it here, I was going to have to figure it out myself. Not much attention at all, I do not think anyone looked at me while I was being served, simply because the place was packed and it seems there was much to do.  However, I feel like I should be at least a part of the reason why you are busy, and felt I could have been served better. After patiently waiting, I placed my order, I walked around.  Loved the wine that supported causes like autism, AIDS, and breast cancer--wondered what the flavors were like . . Finally got my food.  It was a little too tangy for my taste. I ordered the mutt dish with potatoes, no meat. I think I was expecting something that tasted more Latin in flavor.   What I got seemed liked a  vinegary potato salad in a burrito.  It was a little spicy to my taste, and the flavors were not really combining as I had hoped.   The sauce was overpowering the black beans and cheese, and unfortunately, I tasted nothing but vinegar. I do believe there is something for me here.  Perhaps it will just take another visit. . .and maybe a little guidance. Or not. . . it's a very real possibility there will be no repeats of Yellow Dog Eats!
Words cannot explain the greatness that is The Dog. Glory is the secret ingredient in all the food, I swear it. This place is a true 5 out of 5 across the board, the food is delicious, the atmosphere is ideal, and the staff and customer service are so freaking amazing!! I have been eating lunch here regularly with my coworkers for a month or two now. The food was so good the first time I thought for sure other items on the menu could not compare......uhhhh I was wrong. They have a new special everyday and I don't know how they come up with the ideas for some of this stuff (sweet potato stuffed with pulled pork, citrus bbq sauce, sour cream, thai chili sauce, scallions and bacon) but they are always amazing. It does not stop there though, they have a few unique soups everyday...my favorites so far have been the potato and steak and the tomato basil. They have a fantastic array of side dishes including roasted potatoes and 2 types of pasta salad. I doubt you will have room for dessert but even if you have to force yourself to eat more, try the cookie sandwiches or cupcakes..... This place is worth a drive, I don't care if you have to make a whole day trip to get here, do it!!! FUN FACT: The owner is 'Fish', a cool surfing chef who hangs there on a regular basis. The guy is pure class and it is no surprise he runs a successful business, he takes time to chat with patrons and make you feel like your at your uncles.
Five stars for delicious food at good value, three stars for kind of strange eating ambiance.  I had the Rufus pulled pork, fully loaded, and it blew my mind!  And this is from a former Texan.  The staff is super friendly as well.  If you're dining with vegetarians, there are also options for them but my advice to the meateaters is to come hungry and get a monster pulled pork sandwich. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the atmosphere in the dining room.  Maybe it was because we were the only ones in there, but it felt like more of a store than a place to sit and eat.  Maybe it's the bright lights? The lack of music?  I'm not sure, but I would have given this place an easy five stars if the dining atmosphere was more lively and comfortable.  I didn't see the garden in the back, but from what I"ve heard it's a cute place.
YELLOW DOG IS CURRENTLY CLOSED DUE TO A FIRE AND WILL REOPEN IN MARCH 2009! I was very sad the other day when I attempted to take some of my family there for some of the best gourmet sandwiches in Orlando and we realized the windows were all boarded up.  The signs out front say they will reopen in March.  When they do I highly recomend the Johnny Rocket (turkey with peach melba sauce and some spicy peppers) or the Puppy Love (Peanut Butter and Jelly with Strawberries, Chocolate Chips and more!). It is located in an old converted post office and general store which really helps the charm.  Fish (who is the owner/chef) can be a little overwhelming when he is there sometimes - but it is worth the crowds and drive for a fun and delicious lunch at a kitschy place.  If the weather is great make sure you sit in the back garden and whatever you do avoid lunch on Friday..it is ridiculously busy.
I love this funky place.  Ive been here a few times and never had a bad dish. They are always featuring some kind of special and most of the time I just go for that.  They have a display of side dishes under the register (pastas and potato salad..stuff like that)...the mozzarella tomato salad freaking amazing with the balsamic glaze! Yum! To finish off your meal on a sweet note they have some delicious cookies and cupcakes...go for the ref velvet cookie sandwich. Ive only tried this fine establishment at lunch time but looks like a cool scene for a chill night sometime too.
I think the only thing that really separates this from one of those small-town "hidden gem" locations that you might see someone on the Travel Channel happen across by accident is the line of customers stretching from the front counter all the way to the back, winding around the tables and curving around towards the front again. Is this the only restaurant in Gotha?  If not, I'm sure it's one of the best. Yellow Dog Eats, the latest Top Five entry in my ever-evolving list of sandwich destinations sorted by awesomeness, is the kind of place that can put you at odds with the Yelper Lifestyle, if there is such a thing.  The phrase "I could eat here every day", which will almost certainly drift across your mind as you tuck into that sandwich, doesn't mesh too well with the desire to constantly branch out and try new places.   Luckily (or unluckily, depending on which way the wind between my ears is blowing) the 20-mile drive from my house is too much for this little spot to become habit forming. The Johnny Rocket was my selection, and it didn't disappoint with its out of the ordinary mix of different flavors that worked well, even if it looked a little odd on paper.  Looking around, I can say that there is very little doubt in my mind that I'll be trying one of the BBQ sandwiches next time.  The ones that I saw around me looked amazing. I also tried the soup of the day, which was tomato basil.  It tasted fine, but after a few bites it started to feel like I was eating a bowl of marinara sauce. The whole place has that quirky-yet-homey atmosphere that makes you feel (massive line of customers notwithstanding) like you've just been let in on a secret when you walk in the door.  Random customer scribblings cover everything from the yellow walls to the wooden tables, and everywhere you look are old, worn 4x6 photos of dogs tacked onto beams and walls. Out back is a small area with some additional tables and greenery, reminding me of the small private courtyards found behind some of the bed & breakfast buildings in the historic part of Savannah, GA. Try not to go here if you're in a hurry, because if you hit it at a popular time like we did, you'll be in line for a while. Use the wait time to soak it all in, look around, and look over the menu. You might as well decide what you're going to get next time too, because you'll be back.
Sort of a magical land of sandwiches, personality, tastes, smells, that come together for a one of a kind experience. A place that will force your brain to make your body drive you here and eat your face off.
I was in Orlando for only 7days and we ate here 4times. Need I say more. The Rufus was my favorite. The Ribs were amazing, these were up there with the Rufus. The Caprese Salad was tasty. The Blue Suede Shoes was my second favorite. The Thin Elvis came in third yet it is a number one as well. My only qualm with the food was that it wasn't warm enough. Otherwise It was really great. If you are in the area don't pass this one up.
Yellow Dog Eats is everything (and more!) than what you could imagine when it comes to placing quality ingredients between 2 slices of homemade bread to make the perfect, mouth watering and artistic sandwich. Located in the city of Gotha inside an old country home (I believe) this place is as warm and inviting as the staff and chef. You'll notice the shelves stocked with homemade sauces made and bottled (or canned) by the chef himself along with some carefully selected bottles of wine. (What a great way to take some of the flavors home with you!) And if you see that the tables are already occupied, don't let that fool you. There is an entire section upstairs for you to sit and enjoy your meal! (Woot Woot!!) Looking through the menu, items that capture your attention are things such as smoked pineapple, raspberry melba, orange-cointreau mayo and cherry ring peppers, but don't stop there...keep reading! Each sandwich is carefully crafted and helps you visually see the layers of flavor you are about to enjoy. And, if you've come to a point where you are undecided, you should always go for the chef's special of the day. (I definitely did!) I enjoyed the Georgia Peach Sandwich which had tender, juicy, succulent pulled pork piled onto a firm bun sturdy enough to hold onto the pork, peach sauce, crumbled blue cheese, red onions and peaches. The sweet and salty danced around my palate playfully while I tried to maintain my composure in front of my lunching buddy. Thankfully, they appreciate my passion for food. :) The mozzarella and cherry tomato salad was fresh, tangy and sweet just as you would come to expect. Lastly, (but not least) were the AMAZING roasted potatoes. Tender, soft with a mild smoky flavor seasoned and balanced with onions and green peppers - it honestly had my eyes rolling up and looking to the sky with complete appreciation, along with me slowly melting into my chair as if I had finally found the BEST potatoes....EVER. Period. Ever. Double Period. I reserve my 5 star ratings for those who have captured the exact essence of how food should be prepared and enjoyed and folks, this is by far my new favorite sandwich place in Orlando and all of the land! On a couple of side notes, I seriously appreciated the pricing on the menu with such high-quality ingredients. The chef really does bring creativity to his menu and offers it for anyone to enjoy. I wish more chefs would be as down to earth about their passion and creations as Chef Fish. And, if you'd like, bring in a pic of your pup! So many people have shared their pics which gives this place such a friendly feel. LOVE it!! Oh, and before I forget, vegetarian friendly options are also available. :)
THIS is a MUST VISIT if you are in Orlando. It's technically not "in Orlando" so it doesn't really come up in the Yelp searches but damn.  It is well worth the trip.  The "famous"pulled pork sandwich had no description so it was a semi-shot in the dark but I had to try it since I knew I would only be here once. Oh mannnn it was freaking amazing.  It was pulled pork topped with a slice of slightly melted brie topped with pickled jalapenos, drizzled with honey mustard sauce as well as a raspberry sauce.  Sounds weird?  Well it was good.  Damn good.  Shit doesn't make sense?  Who cares, just ride the culinary adventure that is this sandwich. Wanna change that up and fill semi-healthy?  Get the thin Elvis, and subtract the bun and add Bacon.  Doesn't make sense?  Again, just go with it, seriously. This place is one of the best meals I had in Orlando, a bit of a drive but it's in a nicer part of Orlando and well worth it.  This place should definitely be on Triple D
Really happy with the food here.  Not super crazy about the seating; I sat at a table that had a chair too tall for the table, so only part of my knees fit under the table and it wasn't ideal for me. I got a bbq wrap of some kind that I don't remember the name of.  I drowned it in the sauce on the table and it was delicious.  The four of us that went split an order of the pork nachos, and it was totally worth ordering.   I'll head back with the dogs and try something else on the menu; I'm definitely looking forward to round 2 here.
I can't say enough great things about this place. My previous post outlined the whole shabang. But I did not eat everything.....yet. Now that I know the lay of the land, I pulled into the left side of the building and parked in the back, exiting on the right side. Walked in through the back door, remember door opens inward, caution to restroom exiting traffic. Figured out what I was going to order and placed the entire order all at the same time. Johnny Rocket Sandwich-Honey Roasted turkey, raspberry Melba, mild sherry ring peppers, local tomatoes, smoked Gouda cheese, orange-cointreau mayo, leaf lettuce on multi grain bread. Sweet, Smoky, Blissful. A marvelously sculpted plateau of goodness. Mr. Smokey Sandwich-Pulled pork with pineapple, fried onions, crispy bacon, and heavenly honey citrus BBQ sauce on soft bun. Juicy Heaven. They had me at pulled pork, pineapple and BBQ sauce. A mountain of bliss. Sponge cake topped with coconut flakes and cream. Melts in your mouth. Sweet Ass, Sweet Shiraz, Australia. Delightful sweet but not syrupy, blends well with sweet BBQ sauce. Yellow Dog Eats continue to amaze in genuine relaxed hospitality and spectacular food.
Yellow dog eats is one of the coolest places I've been able to discover while eating. It's not much of a secret, during out lunch time visit there was a line almost out the door. Everything here is done so well and unique, with the decor, atmosphere, and most importantly the food, miles above so many other places. I visited with my family over Christmas. My mom doesn't go out to eat too much, she has lived Windermere for years and ever visited YDE. But as we were leaving she told Fish, the owner, that she would be back. Good wine and beer line the walls of what is basically a simple sandwich shop that hones its craft with a few basic and succulent flavors. Soups, salad, and wraps round out the entire menu. YDE has some of the best buffalo sauce I've ever had. Perfect amount of tang, flavor and heat. There are so much fresh ingredients used here, and it really makes a difference. The pulled pork is tender and flavorful by itself, which not many places can do well. Bottom line: The crowds are proof of how excellent this place is. It's rare and refreshing to see a restaurant owner so happy and involved with customers. This is the kind of space that the travel of food network wants to discover/exploit. Get here ASAP.
YES! My BFF brought us (me and a girlfriend) here this weekend, saying it was a nice 'chill place where we could talk' after I ran the Princess Half Marathon...and WOW. I wanted to move in and live there within the first few minutes that I was there. Two of us had the pulled pork salad, the other a carb-free sandwich (also with pulled pork) MMMMMMMMMMMMMM amazing flavor combinations! I had a draft tangerine beer.  OHHHMAAAHHHGAHHHH!  Ridonk. Great food, friendly service, fun vibe...you can't get much better than Yellow Dog Eats!
I've got one word for this place...DELICIOUS! I've known about Yellow Dog Eats for quite some time since I have a friend who works there, I just haven't been able to pop in. My husband now works here and has been telling me nonstop about how I need to go in there and try some food so we decided to go for dinner. I was so surprised at how the place looks, it is so nice and homey. There are things you can even purchase from local vendors (i didn't get a good look but I did see homemade dog treats and little trinkets). We chose outside seating so we'd have a little more room to talk and chill out. I thought it would be super hot outside (this is Florida) but they make it so comfortable out there with fans and water mist so you stay nice and cool. We even hung out with a new friend of ours (Montell the kitty cat). We couldn't decide on what we wanted so we went with 3 things: Pulled Pork Nachos, Chicken & Waffles and a sandwich made just for us (its a secret! it involves pineapples though, YUM!). The nachos were so so so good I couldn't stop eating them! We cleaned that plate right off! The chicken & waffles were pretty good. I'm still getting used to the idea of gravy with syrup. We did eat that right up though. The sandwich was also delicious. I love everything about what we ate and I have no complaints at all! The staff is super friendly and it's a great atmosphere. I will be going back again and again and again in the near future!
I was asked to rethink my review of Yellow Dog Eats by a fellow Yelper who loves the place, and since I really *wanted* to like eatery, I decided to take a couple more stabs at eating there and see how I felt after.  Here's what I got out of that! First of all, my initial visit was obviously a bit of a fluke day.  There was a party upstairs, which left virtually no inside seating on the main floor, and I think perhaps the AC might have been wonky.  The last three times I've been in, the temperature was lovely, there were no flies hovering about the drink station (which was SIGNIFICANTLY streamlined and updated between my first and second visits and offers a couple of delicious tea options - WELL DONE!!!), and we barely waited long enough to gripe, when it came time to find tables.   The food continues to be consistently delicious, there's always an amazing sounding (and tasting) special available and we managed to get the kids to eat there with little complaint. They can be ridiculously picky... please, YDE, don't take it personally!  I do enough of that when I cook. I do have one rather unfortunate menu concern... SUGAR!  There's a lot of sugar being added into/onto a good portion of these delicious dishes in the way of sauces.  I'm sure there are some without (and am slowly finding them) but in my medical situation, I have to be super careful and the menu doesn't always clue me into what's going to be on the important parts of my order.  When my food comes in a way that makes it nearly impossible to eschew the sweet addition, it does make me feel a bit disappointed and puts a significant pause in my and my husband's enjoyment. Now, I'm no shrinking violet and not afraid to go up to the counter to ask for a new version of my food, but I hate HAVING to do it ever, especially when I've already waited for the first run and my blood sugar is about to take a massive nose dive (which, in turn, means me on the floor in the same fashion).  Also, these people are incredibly nice and friendly and so I want to complain even less.  It's rare, anymore, when a restaurant takes such outstanding personal pride in their offerings, and I would rather compliment the chef (which I have and still feel he should be) than traipse up there for a "Not the SUGARY stuff AGAIN?!?!" conversation. I'd appreciate more clear descriptions of menu items which make sure to include the addition of sweet sauces.  That would be SUPER HELPFUL so folks like me (and dieters alike) may ask to have harmful items left off.  That way we get to enjoy the rest of the well-thought-out dish, without spending our time trying to eat around something that will make us sick. Now that I've dispensed with that, I will leave you with this... even with the vexation of occasional sugary surprises, this restaurant is a jewel.  It's genuinely a pleasure to be in the place, Chef Fish always greets my husband with a shoulder rub or some friendly banter, and his presence around the dining room is a treat!  The staff is awesome, the food is substantially portioned, mouthwatering mountains of smokey foodgasm.  I've not tried the desserts (for what now, should seem like obvious reasons) but they look incredible! Orlando needs more places like Yellow Dog Eats, more opportunities to expand the culture of food and develop the community's palate. I suggest YDE to anyone I could imagine would even consider going, and will continue to do so.  I'll be back again and again, even if it means scraping sugary, yummy, no-nos off my super sumptuous meal.
So I made my second trip to YDE within a week, yes I'm a fan of the zany food combos, decor, and feel good ambiance. This is a small business that screams, "We love what we do, and you can taste it!" Chef Fish Morgan, a hippIe by heart, blends bold flavors into fantastic BBQ bliss. Each time I've come there have been roughly 70 guests dining or waiting in line for their culinary adventure.  Tasty sandwiches like the Smokey: Smoked Pineapple, Fried Onions, Crispy Bacon piled on. Big bed of Pullled Pork.   You'll find the pork home smoked but light in flavor until topped with Fish's Yellow Mustard Vinegar BBQ sauce. To me it feels like it's sweetend with a touch of honey, but guaranteed to be deliciously messy. After you lick your fingers clean you'll find a light yellow stain on you hands secretly stating, "I've been to Yellow Dog Eats", to anyone in the know. Do yourself a favor and go now!
This was absolutely wonderful...so local, so fun, so delicious. I had the Rufus Frisky.  It is a pulled pork sandwich with brie, cherry pepper rings, and a raspberry sauce on top....the frisky part means add fried onions, bacon, and shoestring potatoes. Probably one of the best sandwiches i have ever tasted...and that is saying alot...because if you know me i totally do NOT believe in mixing fruit of any kind with real foods, meaning anything savory...and i still loved this sandwich. They sell tons of cool wines, jams, jellys, sauces, everything.  I will DEFINITLEY be back... SO GOOD
A delicious surprise! Yellow Dog Eats was suggested to our family by a helpful Apple Store employee at the Millennia Mall--he described it as "sort of hippie-ish, but not really." I see what he's saying, but i'd say more "hipster second hand store" with a very bright and inviting color palate. The food was excellent.  Great sandwiches and wraps! The sides of macaroni and potato salad were fantastic.  The staff was young, easygoing and very friendly.  Excellent tastes in music, too.  Lot's of Radiohead being played.  I'd highly recommend to anyone!
This place is awesome...a unique and rare find. Very laid back and casual. The sauce and plates are all outstanding. The only reason I did not give it a perfect score was because they advertise they are gluten-free; and they are not. They offer one salad (anyone could claim they are gluten-free if all it took was one salad) and one desert. My wife, unfortunately, cannot eat there; so I don't get to visit often. But, I still make the trek solo b/c it is that good.
The food is good, the back patio is great, and the overall vibe is fun, so I'm a fan. So, about the food. My friend got the Johnny Rocket, which tasted really good from the one bite I had. I got the Axel Fies or whatever, it was a doughnut cheeseburger. The beef was good, but I really wish I had been able to taste the doughnut as it was a bit small compared to the amount of beef present. So, good, but not stellar. I really like that veggies are free though for it! +10 Brownie Points for Yellow Dog Eats. I love the back patio. It's super cute to sit out in, especially when the sun is going down and the lights strung about are lit up. The back patio is part of what makes me want to go back, to be honest. I had a cookie sandwich, it was obviously good because I ate it all, but it was way sweet. That was probably a one-time thing for me. Overall, pleasant experience and good food, I'll give it another go. I wish it weren't so far to drive there though! 4 stars.
What a cool place! I had heard great things but was never in the area. I finally tried Yellow Dog last night and was not disappointed. It has such a cool vibe with writing on the tables and walls and pictures of peoples' dogs everywhere. It reminds me of a place you would see on "Diners. Drive-Ins, and Dives" on the Food Network. I had the Are you Chicken? Salad which was amazing and huge! It consisted of the marinated house wood-smoked chicken atop a bed of goodies such as greens, herbs, and dried fruits and nuts which gave it a nice crunch. I tried the tomato mozzarella salad which was topped with olive oil and pesto and super yummy. I also had a bite of the famous pulled pork which was great as well. We had a brownie for dessert which was two chocolate brownies with frosting sandwiched in between. So decadent and good! Something fun is that they have chickens sitting in the trees out front! I definitely suggest checking out this place whether in the area or for a special trip.
Can't believe I have never reviewed Yellow Dog before - so I have to give my two cents worth and here it is ... WE LOVE YELLOW DOG! This is such a hidden gem and the kind of place that ticks all the boxes for us. First of all the owner/chef Fish is a fun guy - always bringing his energy to the party. He is obviously a person who loves what he does and his enthusiasm is contagious. He brings that same energy and sense of whimsy to his menu and it shows in the quality of the food that comes out. This is not your run of the mill BBQ joint. This visit I had a "Mr Smokey" which was a pulled pork sandwich piled high on a soft bun along with smoked pineapple, bacon, fried onions and a wonderful BBQ sauce. It is everything I want in a sandwich, layers of flavor and texture. Tender, juicy, flavorful porky goodness, sweet pineapple, crispy onions, smoky bacon all enveloped in a tangy, sweet, lick every bit off your fingers sauce. The cole slaw side has a surprisingly spicy kick that keeps the flavor party rocking. As much as his food is a feast for your senses - so is the restaurant space itself. Eclectic and welcoming, every place you look there is something to enjoy - the walls are adorned with pictures of dogs and the patio space is one of our favorite outside venus around. Surrounded by trees, and mosaics and  plants and interesting garden knick knacks. And of course it's dog friendly out there which makes it all the better as far as we're concerned. Yellow Dog is the perfect confluence of experiences on a crystal clear spring day - there's nothing better than sitting outside on their patio in a great setting, enjoying some rocking 'que stealing some doggie kisses from the boxer at the next table along the way.
So much yes. I am so glad I tried this place! Get the pork. Ignore everything else. The sides are so good. Just go. Now.
This is the kind of place every restaurant strives to be! I was quick to judge it as simply another BBQ place but was proven wrong upon first entering through the garden dining area. The decor is rustic, eclectic, & unique without being distasteful. More than enough seating upstairs & in the garden. We we're there for lunch & the line was long but their menu will take plenty of time to narrow down your choice. While we we're waiting, the owner (?) came out & talked up the specials to us (brisket tacos). Sounded great but I had a club sandwich & Mac & cheese with sundried tomatoes which was SO well made! Their assortment of pasta & chicken salads were astounding & the dessert case will have to wait for another day but I will certainly be back!
Always great food & excellent unique atmosphere!  Can be tough if crowded but worth the wait. Yummmmmm!
Have mercy. The food here is so good! From the kitschy decor to the awesome staff (and great beer) this place is perfect. Pet friendly and nestled under Spanish Moss covered trees, this is a Southern Dream. I had the Floroda Cracker which is pulled pork on White Bread with pickles, coleslaw and fried onions. The BBQ sauce here is delicious, so grab a little extra for soppin'! As a Southerner now living in the Big Apple, this place was a little piece of home that I discovered on a work related trip to Orlando. You will not be disappointed. Many reviewers mentioned crowds. I went at 8pm on a Saturday night and it was empty.
The best nachos and strawberry mojito I've ever had! Great local restaurant with an amazing atmosphere.
Amazing, drove up from Miami & it was the choice BBQ place for the day. To be honest, because it was Sunday - nothing else was open & we were glad they weren't!. Group of 7, tough to find a table outside to hold us all, but we managed. Ordered the Mr Smokey - very generous on the pulled pork, pineapple was a great touch & it was so large, never touched my chips. A few others ordered the Club Elvis, the Rufus & we all shared the pulled pork nachos. Everything was delicious. The sweet chili sauce on the Nachos was a great added layer. BTW - the drive from downtown Orlando is a breeze, about 20 minutes.
My parents live in Windermere, so every time I come home to visit from DC, we have to schlep all the way into Winter Park to find some decent vegan eats.  Please tell me why, on one of the last days of my trip during the holidays, I finally find this AWESOME place right around the corner from my parents house.  LITERALLY.  And, so what, it's BBQ - they have amazing vegan options waiting for you to try!  Can't wait to come back to visit my parents just so I can grab a few more of those veganize-able sandwiches.  YUM.
Went back a week later to see if it was a dream or not... it was not!  It was much busier this week since we went on a saturday and the place was jumpin!  Still great service... still great food... This place is a must try if you are in the area.  Looking forward to my sister in law visiting in a few weeks so we can take her here!   BTW... had the Rufus  (again!)  but this time did it Frisky!  Huge sandwich and I ate the whole thing!  I did not even try to eat dinner that night... was too full from lunch. ;-P
Came here today thanks to you, Yelp! First and foremost, the only reason for the missing star is because like one reviewer mentioned, it's too popular for it's size. I felt really lucky to miss the hoards of people that came in minutes after me. Besides that, everything else is just wow! Seeing a fresh tray of tomatoes and mozzarella really took me by surprise but after seeing a lady with a cup of that, it makes me curious to try it next time I come in. The staff were smiling and the owner (I believe that's who he was) was so interactive with his customers. I even saw him garnish someone's food with some spice and that screamed to me that these guys love food. Hearing him speak of the Mexican Mutt burger makes me want to get it; so charismatic! I got the Retriever Roast and it was everything I hoped and dreamed it would be. Next time, I need to get the larger size coleslaw because it was out-of-this-world! Huge portions, complex and rich flavors!
Best place around this area, best place even if you live far!!! All I have to say is The Frisky Rufus!!! Yummm love the whole menu, great beers and the staff is great!!! Desserts are amazing too!! Love the seating area too!
I've been here quite a few times and have yet to be disappointed. And it seems the weirder my selections are, the better the sandwich gets! Wasabi dressing? Cucumber rings? Orange flavored mayo? Ya... it's allllll good!!! I also love the vibe of this place. The inside can get a little congested but the outdoor section is so cute and arty and happy. Everyone that works there seems to be having a party too! Also the redneck wine glasses they sell are freakin awesome. I love YDE.
I came here during lunch at the suggestion of a friend.  I am so glad this place was suggested!  Yum!  I love little finds like this.  I don't think I ever would have looked twice at the building if it hadn't been for that.  The inside is very quirky, and the outside garden area is relaxing.  I appreciated the Paw-rking sign haha.  I ate the Mr. Smokey,  It was a pulled pork sandwich with some kind of yummy sauce, pineapple, fried onions, and bacon.  Heaven!  Everyone I ate with thoroughly enjoyed their food.
I've been asking friends about their favorite local restaurants and Yellow Dog Eats was one of them...   And I'm glad about it.  Started with the mozzarella, tomatoes and basil as apps and it was very good... Then I wanted to try one of the yellow dog favorites so I got the Famous pulled pork sandwich,  it was as messy messy!  and delicious get ready to grab a couple of napkins for it... The thing a liked the most about this place was the outside seating, they only have like 6 tables or so but it's so beautiful, full off trees and dog friendly, so that's a plus for me these days!
Great locally owned restaurant. There is awesome BBQ, unique dishes that are not you typical chain restaurant meals.  The environment is very inviting and doesn't make you feel like your in a cafeteria.
When traveling, we always try to find one or two of these off-the-beaten-path eateries. I'm sure glad we got off the path and found Yellow Dog Eats! A little work to find and park, small place where tables (especially on a rainy day) are at a premium. So share with someone; that's what we did. Classic pulled pork sandwich was wonderful! Love the gold BBQ sauce; just the right mix of sweet and vinegar. Soft kaiser roll that stood up to the ample portion of pork (I think a sandwich fell out of my sandwich) and sauce without being too crunchy. Bacon potato salad was a winer as well. KT had the nachos, which look like a Man vs Food challenge. HUGE with all kinds of great flavors. Probably a tough place to take a bunch of kids, which is great for those of us who don't want to dine with a bunch of kids! Pricing, service, quality of food and exceptionally friendly staff will make this a stop whenever we're in the area.
I love this place! It is now the only entry on my "must-eat-here-list" for Orlando. I ordered The Rufus and the Boy ordered The Downward Dog and the chicken tortilla soup; we shared the food.  Everything was incredibly delicious, like rock-your-face-off awesome. And the prices were quite reasonable. I just wish I lived closer. UPDATE (Dec 2011): We finally returned, and this time I ordered the "Black Lab's Lunch", a vegetarian option.  It was delicious.  My husband ordered The Downward Dog again, and it was still delicious.   The restaurant was way more crowded on this visit; we went at ~ 1:50 pm on Mon Dec 19th. The parking lots in front of and behind YDE were full (TIP: there is a public parking lot across the road).  My hubby waited in the car while I went in to order. The line stretched all the way to the back of the store and it seemed that most people in line were noob tourists loudly discussing what to order.  The line moved fairly quickly; we got our order to go since all tables (downstairs, upstairs and out back) were full.
If I wasn't broke, I would be here much more often. We've been once for dinner, and once for their wine tasting in December of '11. The atmosphere has an eclectic feel to it. Lots of different wines for sale as well as spreads and sauces that Fish makes himself. The staff is really laid back and friendly, which always makes for an enjoyable experience at any restaurant. When we went for dinner, I had the pulled pork on a salad. Kind of a conundrum. What can I say? I let my health-nut tendencies get the better of me. I digress...The pork was delicious. It was even better on my husband's sandwich, though. He got the special they had going for the day. The name of it escapes me at the moment, but all you need to know is that it had beer-cheese soup and pulled pork together on a bun, along with something fried ( I think it was onions strings?). Oh my, was it delicious. The food at the wine tasting was epic. I heard a choir singing somewhere every time I took a bite of the smoked mac and cheese or smoked salmon. I discovered a new wine love there, called Sweet Ass. Although the most of the crowd in attendance were not my kind of people, I could tell everyone was enjoying themselves just the same. Go if you ever get the chance. One final thing...Take your pup if you eat outside! I love a dog friendly restaurant.
Ambiance was cool, service was great, but food wasn't the bet we've had. It's more of a spot to drink I think than a spot for a foodie. They have some unique menu items, but the flavors missed the mark on everything we ordered :-/
"Yellow Dog Eats" a true local find! Amazing selections of foods, for the foodie at heart! For months, I have heard stories of this magical restaurant, that is off the beaten path, and pretty much a local hang out!  So I had to try. Getting to the restaurant, I was a little afraid, they had no parking, never fear.... It's around back! The place is pretty cool, and the atmosphere is that of a hippie van meets old fashion general store meets best hang out in town! (Gilmore Girls Style)  So I really "dig" it. Beautiful outdoor seating with a small stage. And a great selection of wines.   The food selection here is pretty amazing, featuring lots of picks for the meat eaters and the vegetarian & vegan, members of the food chain. From sandwiches to amazing salads, and don't even get me started about the desserts! The food is AMAZINGLY YUMMY! Plus, huge portions at a very small price. This is a MUST, if you ever, want to get out of Orlando (But really in your neighbors yard) for the evening. A fun festival environment, with amazingly yummy food. Check it out!
In a land of tourist traps and chain restaurants, YDE is truly a gem. This is by far one of my most favorite restaurants in town! The atmosphere is quirky and unique- from the writing on the tables and walls, to pictures of customers' dogs plastered throughout the restaurant, to unique tchotchkes throughout, and its adorable garden area outside, it provides a great setting for a refreshing dining experience. Additionally, upstairs there is a small area for private events which is beautifully decorated, while still maintaining the free-spirited ambiance of the restaurant as a whole. As cute as it is, the best part is the food! As a Kansas City native, I am very particular about my BBQ, and they do not disappoint! The pork is always very tender, and the citrus BBQ sauce is perfect. My favorites are the Florida Cracker, which features their amazing homemade pickles, and the Mr. Smokey, which has pineapple that really brings out a unique flavor. When not in the mood for such a heavy meal, I love to get the Puppy Love- the best pb&j sandwich I've had, served with animal crackers! No matter what I choose, I always purchase a small side of their mozzarella and tomato salad to have along with my meal-mmm tasty! One of my favorite things about this restaurant is their daily specials. These are usually some of the best items, and sometimes run out, so get there early! My absolute favorite mac and cheese in the world is one of their specials,  and it's their smoked mac and cheese, and it's out of this world. The only bad thing is that it runs out SO quickly! Each day, they usually have an entree, and a side or a soup on the special menu. As important at YDE as the food, are the drinks. If anybody loves sangria, it's this girl, and theirs is scrumptious! They also have refreshing pineapple mimosas (yum!), an endless wine selection, and unique brews, with seasonal selections. Not to be forgotten is the staff! Fish, the owner and chef, and his entire staff are friendly and welcoming, and make you feel right at home from your first time walking inside. They are the best. I go to YDE at least a few times a month, and I have never had anything shy of a 5-star experience. It definitely lives up to its rave reviews, and is a must do if you're looking for a unique find that's just slightly off the beaten path!
Yellow Dog doesn't really need another review so I'll just go on record to thank them for the perfect meal I had tonight. Salmon Salad with Cilantro Avocado Dressing. A beautiful bed of fresh spring mix greens with a perfectly cooked serving of salmon - nicely crusted on the outside. Yumm! I love this place!
