LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place. Best lunch in Orlando, hands down. If you like high quality, organic and tasty (without meat) this is it. I've had several different wraps and salads and were pleased with all. Parking in their lot can be like playing Tetris but street park and all is ok.
I went to Dandelion last night with some friends, some of which had never been there before. Everyone loved it. I love Dandelion and frequent it fairly often. My favorites are the Abundant Harvest Salad and the Native Mama Mix, which allows you to create your own quinoa bowl complete with veggies, beans, and a homemade dressing. The vegan queso and chili are amazing and, you would not even know they were vegan. The green goddess dressing is a favorite. They offer many gluten free options. They have a great tea selection as well. Dandelion holds vegan potlucks on Monday nights which I hope to make it to sometime. The atmosphere is warm and cozy, you will feel as though you are at home. In fact, the restaurant looks like a house. Great food, great place.
I have to take this down a star.  The last few times I've been the food was just so-so.  The teas are still awesome, but I was bummed when my chili came out luke warm, and the happy hippy server disappeared ne'er to return.
Love the food, the vibe and the staff.  Everyone is so nice.
The Fakin Lettuce & Tomato sandwich, hummus, & tea were excellent. If I'm ever back in Orlando, a visit to Dandelion Communitea will be on my itinerary.
If you want to feel healthy and amazing after a big lunch, go to dandelion.   Don't miss the iced tea of the day,  the mamma mix, or the avocado fetish..
I practically lived here over the summer. Best hummus in Orlando. And their friendly staff doesn't hurt either :)
This is a cute place with pretty solid vegan/vegetarian dishes and friendly staff. The parking is iffy - they have a parking lot but there are a limited number of spaces and are themselves tight. Street parking was completely full. I actually don't remember what my husband or I got, which honestly doesn't say a huge amount about the food, but I remember it being above average. The decor is interesting and the ambience definitely hipster.
I love Dandelion Cafe!! The cafe is very cool, filled with art work, and is very comfy.  The people that work there are very laid back and really nice.  Oh and did I mention the food is AMAZING!!!!! I am addicted...I go there everyday for lunch..It's that good!! Try it and you won't be sorry..
I am not a vegetarian, but had a few days of junky eating and needed to eat something "clean." I had the chili and a tea the guy at the counter recommended. I was pleasantly surprised to find that I can eat meat-free and really enjoy it. I figured the food would be bland, but it had many different veggies that made a nice flavor. We ate outside on a beautiful saturday and had a delightful time.
The food is very good here and the teas are excellent also very friendly staff and good atmosphere. Service may be slow at times.This  restaurant looks like an old house turn in to a hippy restaurant. Poem night every Tuesday night.
How is it I have not been here before now?! Especially with all the good heard about it. Well, yesterday my beautiful wife suggested we stopped by and I'm glad we did. I admit, I'm a hardcore meat eater and cannot drive by a cow without drooling, so it is a bit odd for me to eat a meal lacking meat. That doesn't mean this place doesn't serve delicious, creative foods. They do and I was more than full after only eating half my meal. Upon entering we were greeted by a friendly, laid back hipster who informed us of how to order. We looked over the menu and both chose the sweet potato burrito which had the most delicious ginger cilantro dressing. I also got a side of hummus, which was good although I like mine with a bit more garlic.I also had the iced tea of the day, which was moroccan mint. mmm. This is a converted house, which adds a homey, comfy feel to the place and the interior is stylishly decked out and colorful. A bonus fact, they just surpassed the 5 year mark. Huge in the indie restaurant business, especially in this economy. Support your local merchants and relax here for a meal.
Solid Vegan fare. We got the Burrito - it was great. The tempeh slices, not so much. Nice outdoor seating. The music inside was a bit too edgy? for us. Good service.
So delicious!  Yes, the food is a little expensive, but you're paying for organic, fresh, and local (whenever possible) food.  I've been going here since I moved to Orlando a year and a half ago.  Hands down my favorite restaurant.  I have a number of food intolerances -- I'm almost vegan and now gluten-free.  Dandelion is one of the only restaurants where I can eat at and know that what I'm getting will not contain any surprise ingredients that might upset my stomach.  Oh, and it's freakin delicious! The ambience is fantastic.  There are three rooms inside.  The front room has people conversing, a small room in the back usually has people who are studying or working, and another room in the back has couches, a piano, and boardgames.  I love eating outside -- especially in the grass.  There's a small vegetable garden on the side of the restaurant. From 4-7 pm on weekdays all starters are only $5, and on Mondays the Giddyup is $5.  Good deals!  Personally my favorite dishes are the Bean There, Done That salad and the Abundant Harvest salad (and this is coming from someone who doesn't normally like salads).  The Native Mama is also really good as well as their soup of the days.  And the tea is great!
Fantastic vegan chili!  Just go try it for yourself.
I went to my parents house last week and  ate some of the leftovers they had from this place. Wow awesome! We all went there together yesterday.  We ordered the Giddy up and some other wrap with Quinoa and sweet potato(cant remember the name) and some crazy but very tasty  vegan cheese beer soup. I am not a vegetarian but I am very impressed with this place! The portions are large and full of flavor!  I enjoyed it so much, i went back today for take out!  The service is friendly and the atmosphere is laid back!
If I lived closer I would certainly frequent them more often. I try to stop in for at least a tea, when I am in the area. I higglhly recommend the hibiscus. If you are hungry try the Giddyup with the goddess dressing or the black bean quesadilla. You can't go wrong.
If you are a vegetarian or just have an infatuation with tea, then the Dandelion Communitea Café is the place for you.  When I say they make you feel right at home I mean it. From their "Communitea Potlucks" to comfy couches it almost feels like you're walking through your own front door.   The Potlucks are just one of many events that they host.  There are art openings, live music, eco-film nights and much more.   A great bonus is that you also feel like you are helping the environment with every bite you take and every slurp of your tea.  And I have to admit that it made my food and drink just that much more enjoyable. It's in a great location just off of Colonial near downtown, so you can get there in about 20-30 minutes from any part of the city.  In retrospect, it really is the simplicity of this place that makes it so inviting.  Simply come and enjoy some food, share with friends and save the world.
I have enjoyed making stops at Dandy since it opened for some extra flair and consciousness when it comes to food. I love the quaint space, the friendly staff, and I am especially drawn to the tea selection. I can't say anything great about Dandy that hasn't already been said, but make sure you try that Polynesian wrap with the bananas in it.... so delicious!
I wanted to update my review since I tried some additional dishes. One day when my usual fluffernutter sandwich was not available (sadly, they ran out of ricemellow fluff), I ordered the portobello sandwich. It was absolutely delicious. The mushrooms had been marinated in something awesome and were so tasty! The sandwich had lots of veggies on it and was fantastic. Another excellent meal!
I was in Orlando for business and ended up going to Dandelion two nights in a row.  Yum!  Admittedly, I got the same dish because it was so darn good.  The Buffalo 66 with quinoa and greens... crunchy tempeh, vegan blue cheese dressing (aka heaven), and a mildly spicy buffalo sauce... so good!  Added my side salad to the bowl and mixed it all up for an immensely satisfying dish!  Also had some great tea and a tasty cupcake.  I live in NYC, and this place could give some local spots a run for their money!  Yum!
I was a little apprehensive about trying a vegan restaurant, but as soon as I saw the lime green house...I knew this was going to be a fun experience!   Not knowing the menu or really anything about the ingredients, the staff was SO helpful to guide us into the right palet that suited us.  I ordered the Giddy Up wrap (vegan chilli wrap) with dairy cheese (there is the option to have vegan cheese...but I wasn't ready to go that far). I also ordered a bottled juice drink (they do carry Orlando based beer) and after shaking my bottle up and then opening it...I found out that it was carbonated and juice was spurting out everywhere...thank you Colleen for you hands to catch it and the staff was so nice to not get mad at me for making a mess. :D      We sat outside which is my prefrance for anyplace with a patio area.  The reason I'm giving 4 stars and not 5 is that if you sit outside, they don't come check on you or refill your drinks or anything like that. You're on your own out there.  The food was SO good!!!!  I also ordered the french onion soup...it was not traditional at all, but very delicous anyways. I left with a very satisfied and full tummy. The wrap portions are very generous and I was able to take half of it home. Score!!!! I haven't tried their desserts yet, but I will cause they looked amazing and very tempting!
The food was fresh and the staff helpful, but the food was just alright to me. I prefer the offerings of Pom Pom's and Ethos over what I had at Dandelion. The atmosphere is cozy and you feel like you are in someone's home. Overall it was just not my scene but it was alright.
Not a huge menu selection but the food was awesome and the staff was so friendly. We would for sure go back when in the area.
What a little Gem! I am a totaly non-vegan in every sense of the word, but I found this place both delicious and filling. The adorable interior was also a feast for the eyes!  As an avid tea drinker I also appreciated the little bottles of tea with cork tops that you could smell before you purchase. That is such a nice thing because it is a little preview of how the tea is going to taste!  The staff was friendly and quick too. This is just one of those feel good places, you feel good that you are eating healthing, helping out a unique cafe, which in turns helps out by buying foods from local farmers and not polluting! Again, what a little gem! PS the nachos are seriously enough for 2-3 people!
Straight up hippy vibes and I don't hate it. No pompous attitudes here. All are welcome and you can see they have countless amounts of regulars from all walks of life showing up during the lunch hour. Great, great, great organic foods and they are absolute tea experts. They run the business out of basically an old Florida house converted into a restaurant space, without knocking down any of the walls. Very creative interior that makes you feel very much at homeT he exterior is bright and welcoming, inviting you to come in. Check it out
Awesome place to get delicious healthy food.
I had the sweet potato burrito and it was awesome, but I would not recommend their guacamole because I feel it's a little bland.
Healthy food.  Good service.  Will help you rethink vegetarian eating and tea drinking.
We took our visiting vegetarian friend to this place based on great word of mouth reviews.  On the positive side, they take their tea seriously and even have little brown bags of loose leaf tea to take home.  On the negative side, the food ranged from edible to repulsive.  The tex mex trio was average, with an odd queso substitute that tasted like the liquid runoff from beans in a blender.  The buffalo chicken wrap had an oily discharge from mock blue cheese (would vegans approve cheez whiz, since it is also only a distant relative of cheese?).  Whatever the oil was, it left a bizarre aftertaste.  I did enjoy the sweet potato wrap, which I inherited after our friend gave up on finishing her second half.  For my money, I would grab some tea here and finish up with a meal at Ethos in Winter Park.
My fav place in Orlando to go eat, chill, and drink tea. I love them. I always meet cool people there and the food is always incredible. FYI: if you sit in the back room with the couches sometimes it gets a little loud with the noise from the kitchen.
nice ambience, friendly staff.  LOVE LOVE the spring rolls and sweet potato burrito.  Also the whirled peas guacamole must be tried, get it in the trio with the "cheese" queso u won't be disappointed!
I was very pleased with everything at this place. The decor was so different and amazing, the teas tasted great, and I was trilled to know they had gluten free cup cakes!!!!! I will definitely be going back or lunch again.
Been here twice now and loved it both times.  I'm vegan and am always so happy when I can find a place with not just one but several items on the menu that I can choose from!  And be sure to enjoy a nice tea with your food, as their selection is great!  The atmosphere is nice, too.  Just know that it can get really crowded, so try to avoid the lunch rush when possible.
What a gem. Each visit to Orlando I find more to be excited about. Sweet potato wrap with quinoa - unbelievable. Pea-based guacamole - a revelation. Whether you're vegetarian or not, if you're looking for fresh delicious food look no further than Dandelion.
The $5 special for Giddy Ups is the best way to participate in Meatless Monday.
I only have been here once and ordered a vegan cupcake and an iced red tea. Both were delicious and I can't wait to go back and try some more menu items.
Great place to stop after Bikram yoga just down Hwy 50 rehydrate eat fresh and local!
If you ever tire of the ever delicious yet heavy -as- a- cast- iron -skillet -in-your-belly fare that often comes with dining out, Dandelion is a wonderful atlernative. Healthy  fare plated beautifully is both flavorful and filling without being weighty. There are happy hour beer/wine and appetizer specials from 4-7pm, and the teas both iced and hot are flavorful enough not to require sweetener.  The atmosphere is charming and a cross between feeling like you are being cooked for by friends in their home and the kind of little secret addresses I used to treasure in the NY neighborhoods I miss. Parking will not be a problem.
Best hummus anywhere in Orlando, IMHO. Love the food and the place. Think more hippies than hipsters. Teas are awesome, don't be afraid to ask for recommendations. Beers are expensive but this isn't much of a drinking joint, just really good food.
Love this place go here all the time with my wife. Giddy up Mondays are always so good.
Always stop in for the chili. It was good as always but a little spicier then usual. Customer service is always friendly and helpful. I've been here a number of times and love it every time. The rice paper wrapped spring rolls are delicious.
Wonderful staff zen surroundings pleasant customer great food! Love the food/tea and all!
Such a lovely place! A calm and yet lively atmosphere, exquisite tea, scrumptious food. Just thoroughly pleasant.
Super Hippy ! love this place! very relaxing atmosphere! Very clean, friendly staff! lots of art. Giddy up is the way to go! Great variety of teas!
This is a great local place. The variety of teas is awesome, it's comfortable and laid back, the staff is superb and the food is amazing.
How often do you eat a meal and actually feel healthier and energized when leaving?  Ever?  Well you will at Dandelion Cafe.  Food is fresh and prepared with care.  Extremely affordable and filling.  They recently acquired new indoor and outdoor seating.  My only wish is that they would have table service.  Right now you order, get a number, and food gets delivered to your table.  Thats okay but frequently you get line jumpers.  Please try Dandelion Cafe!
love love love love love adore this place!  The bright, lime green house of ethics, love and kindness sports some yummy teas, foods and events!  I love the hummus plate and their tomato soup!  Their Moroccan mint tea is great with agave nectar.  Check out their Diverse Word spoken word poetry night, their full moon circles, solstice festivals...or just enjoy sitting inside one of their bohemian-decorated rooms!!
Okay...I am no where close to being vegan. I couldn't believe how amazing the food was at Dandelion. I ordered the avocado fetish, portobello sandwich, brownie, and tea. I don't remember the tea but it was delicious. The food was so amazing, I went back the next day. The brownies are some of the best I have ever had. So much flavor and everything was great. I love the homelike feel and the bright exterior. Outside seating is great on a sunny day! One on my favorite places to chow in Orlando!
Yet another winner of a healthy meal at Dandelion! I try something new every time I go, this time...The Bean there, Done that!
Great Tea, great selection, and great atmosphere. This is a fun cozy place to escape to on a hectic day.
I wish I was able to rate this 100 stars, it was fantastic!!  Today was my first trip to Dandelion Communitea Cafe, picking up lunch to go.  I had the Giddyup bowl, vegan queso, hummus, quinoa, and chips - all were amazing.  This was, without a doubt, the best vegan meal I have had that I didn't cook myself.    I was also very impressed with their selection of teas.  I am sure I will be making frequent trips to this spot!  It's very conveniently located near I4 so, even though I don't live in the immediate vicinity, it's easy to get to.  I'm fairly confident that even non-vegans would love the meal I had... I'm already planning to go back for lunch tomorrow!
Great vibe and atmosphere. Legit tea selection. Nom cupcakes. Perfect place to sit around for an hour or two.
Based upon other Yelp reviews, we put this place high on our list to try on our trip to Orlando. The sweet Dandelion Cafe did not dissappoint. We couldn't decide on what to get, so got a few things to share, including the spring rolls, a bean wrap and fakin lettuce and tomato. All three were really tasty. I was impressed at how FRESH everything tasted. Just pure natural goodness. Staff was very friendly and the whole place has a chill vibe. Good mix of patrons. Moms and kids out to lunch, someone working on a laptop, couples and singles.  We were too full to try one of the delicious looking cupcakes. Would highly recommend and would certainly be back again, if we come to Orlando.
I love this place! Its by far my favorite place in the area!! I love how all the ingredients and organic and from the local farmers. Their salads and dressings are amazing. They also have a great tea selection. I love their fresh onion soup, hummus with blue chips and stir fresh salad. They have daily specials and happy hour from 4-7pm!!
i love this place. yes, it's mainly for vegans and vegetarians but I've driven through sleet and snow to get here before. well, it doesn't do that in Florida but you get the idea. their chili is OMG delic! and i loved the abundant harvest as my number 1 favorite wrap. my second wrap pick would have to be the bean there done that. their hummus is quite award worthy also. the teas are also awesome! love that everything is organic. dandelioncommunitea.com
I love to go here and so does my 9yr old daughter. We have been going here for over a year now actually too. They have wonderfully prepared vegetarian and vegan food and I am neither but, I LOVE the way they make everything. I have yet to dislike anything on their menu. The teas are some of the best I have had as well. Monday the $5 giddyup deal is the best, lol, love that!
This cafe/coffee house is an awesome choice for Orlando-area vegans!  I had a dank BLT (fakin' bacon) and chili with vegan cheese on top...yum!  Also, there was live music, which was cool.  The place is super hippy-dippy, so if that's not your scene, steer clear...
My love for Dandelion continues to grow. The veggies are fresh, the teas are yummy, and the staff is friendly. Love the whirled peas and sweet potato burrito. I hope they will continue to expand their menu!
Supports local community on many layers. Delicious, wholesome, I don't know what else to say, just go and you'll understand. Magical.
Very interesting place! I had the portobello sandwich in a wrap and, oh my gosh, it was delicious. The hummus plate was fantastic. The dining area is a little small but filled with people relaxing, playing music, and studying. Everything tasted incredibly fresh and great. Kind of a hipster ambiance, which isn't everyone's cup of tea, but I loved it :) Edit: Seriously though. Best hummus I've ever had.
Great little hippie house. Love the vegetarian curry pita with bananas. Tea sweetened with agave nectar will be appreciated by the organic food aficionados. Many varieties of various loose leaf teas available to enjoy or for home preparation.
This place is a MUST for vegans! Their Machos Libre (their take on loaded nachos) is absolutely on-point. I don't know how they make their vegan queso so good, because usually vegan cheese is pretty gross. Their hummus is also a must-have. And always get the tea of the day!
I am not a vegetarian or vegan but my husband is. So while visiting Orlando we heard from a friend about this place so we checked it out.  The food was delicious although it does not look like much from the outside, the inside is very home-y.  We had the black bean burrito and portebello sandwich. Both were delicious! We saw all the patrons ordered the spring roll so we added the order after our meal. We chowed down within minutes.  You go in, grab a menu, find a table and when you are ready, you order at the counter.  Don't forget to get their tea, iced or hot, they are good!
This cute little restaurant is in a cute little house. You order at a cute little counter in the front room, and then they bring your food to you in one of the cute little inside rooms or on the not-so-cute front patio. The majority of what they serve consists of quinoa and mixed greens with various vegetable toppings. This means that if you don't like what you get it's pretty much your own fault, since you picked it. I particularly liked the ginger cilantro dressing that came with my friend's lunch. Prices are very reasonable. Service is not really restaurant style, but more at an operational level. Probably the best choice in town for a vegetarian meal.
Love it!!! Excellent people too!!
Love this place! I got here all the time since it's near my office and the Relax tea just hits the spot. Oh and one of my good friends can't eat gluten so yeah I come here quite often. I love the nachos! :)
Black bean burrito and hummus was outstanding.  A beautiful day and all the tables outside were taken as everyone was soaking up the sunshine.  One of my favorites place.
When I worked downtown I went to Dandelion at least once a week. They have a great selection of salads and wraps, and the hummus and vegan chili is incredible. And of course, the tea variety is killer. I've had just about everything on the menu, it's all really good. I would give this place 5 stars given the quality of the food, but the last time I was there, the guy behind the counter was very stuck up and inconsiderate. I told myself I wouldn't be dining in anymore but I have ordered a couple of time on doorstep delivery since. Overall, great food and tea.
This place is deeeeelish!!! the fakin lettuce and tomato is my favorite :)
Must go for vegans or even those like myself who don't eat sugar or flour. What a phenomenal place to eat! From the service to the variety of delicious teas to the wonderful ambience. If visiting Orlando or in downtown because you live there, take a stop here. You won't regret it!
I love this place so much! Great food, great people, great atmosphere :)
My favorite restaurant in Orlando. Not much more needs to be said. The only truly plant-based option in town. Incredibly friendly and helpful staff, the best hummus anywhere, and it's all in a cute little house.
Very delicious food! I had the nachos with vegan chili queso and it was amazing! Definitely tasty even to my non vegan friends :) Very cool atmosphere and huge assortment of teas. I've seen a lot of outside events including a drum circle, open mic, and stand up comedy. Definitely worth a try but it does get pretty busy.
My favorite vegan option in town. Monday is the best day to go here since their most popular dish is available for just 5 bucks. Such a cute little restaurant. Service is variable but the food is always great.
Meh about covers it.  I loved this place when it first opened, but now it's just too expensive.  I got an iced tea and an appetizer of a trio of dips.  The dips were served in tiny containers and I literally got about ten chips, and the price was 8.99 I think.  The tea was 2.50 or 3.50 -- it was just way too much money for hardly any food.  I like the style of the place -- well done -- but the hippies talking like they are super cool and know all are a bit annoying.
I do love Dandy's. There's generally a reason to go every day of the week. Tuesday is Diverse Word, the poetry and comedy open mic. Open mike. Whatever it's called. Monday they have them there Giddyups for half price or something. The tea is always wonderful. Too bad there's a big ol' ownership dispute going on. A couple of ex lovers opened this place, and now they're all a-blogging and a-facebooking about how the other is a Johnny Jerkwater, or a Negative Nancy, or a whatchamahoozit. All discombobulated over there, it is. As opposed to how it used to be combobulated. Really though, you probably won't notice if you just go there and get some tea. I hear some of the employees have left due to the conflict but haven't seen a meaningful decline. Actually I haven't been there in a while, to tell you the truth. It's a little pricey. Pricey but worth it. Worst-case scenario is that it closes due to all this he-said she-said, or worse still, they install giant speakers and play lots of Limp Bizkit. That would be pretty fuckin stupid, to close a pillar of Mills50 over them dolla dolla bills, or pride, or scarred hippie sensibilities. Or to play Limp Bizkit. Hopefully that doesn't happen and things continue to boil furiously below the surface and we, the mindless consumers, notice nothing. To be safe, let's all chant, gibber, and weep until The Troubles are gone. All gone. Nothing left. You can sleep now.... sleep.... let go... shhhhhhhh.
Love this restaurant and the people who work here.  Every time I order I get a wonderfully delicious meal.  I especially love going on Mondays to order their Giddy Up Salad for only $5.00!
One of our favorite spots. Call it crunchy, call it granola, call it odd. But the food is legit, the people are cool and the atmosphere is solid. Don't expect belly-buster meals, but you get exactly what you want at this vegan and GF haven.
The nice thing about eating at Dandelion is that you can feel so good about it. The food tastes great and is healthy, and you're supporting a local business that cares about the community. My husband and I particurlarly like the Giddy Up wrap, which is vegetarian chili in a wheat wrap. Filling and delicious. The only time we've been disappointed with the food was when we ordered a special and it wasn't filling enough for dinner. Last time we were there, the spoken word event was about to start (Tuesdays at 8 p.m.). We decided to stay and really enjoyed it. I was impressed with the support and talent of the writers. The staff at Dandelion has always been welcoming and helpful and the atmosphere is homey and comfortable.
An Orlando gem for its uniqueness and great vibes. The bad news for me, the food is all vegan. However, it turns out to be relatively delicious and they have a nice selection of beers including some gluten free options. They host all sorts of fun events including full moon drum circles etc. Local art is showcased here every month. If the fluffer nutter calls to you, do not pass it up.
locally grown organic real food. i love the little green house, the tea and the tempeh chilli! i feel healthier already just writing this review!
My boyfriend and I love this place. We are both vegan and so really enjoy coming to a place that just gets it. The food is fantastic. I've never been disappointed with the DIY sandwiches or with the appetizers. Their baked goods are also great and so are their teas. The atmosphere is very relaxed and they even have paper and crayons for coloring or just playing tic tac toe. On some nights they have live performances--I particularly like those nights. On my last experience there--just two days ago--they accidentally forgot to add the portobello mushrooms to our sandwiches, but they were able to quickly fix the problem by agreeing to a free cupcake. We were completely satisfied with our meal because it was delicious even without the portobello AND we got a cupcake. All in all, I always have to come here when I'm back in Orlando. It deserves its five stars!
You don't have to be a Birkenstock wearing vegetarian to love Dandelion. There's something to be said for food prepared with love, and you'll find it here. You can get your entrees 'rolled' in a wrap, or 'bowled' as a salad, and either way, you'll be pleased.  I have a hard time not ordering the Giddyup chili every time I go on. The lack of meat makes it no less satisfying or delicious, and the cumin and cayenne notes balance into a perfectly spiced bowl of chili. I prefer mine as a bowl, over organic greens. Along with the staples like Eve's revenge with apples, walnuts, raisins, feta and red onions and the Bean There, Done That with black and white beans with tomato, onion, peppers, feta and cilantro, you'll find different seasonal offerings every day, like  perfect avocado, grilled portobello and sweet potato salads and wraps. Anything can be made vegan, and they have a huge gluten free and soy free selection. The Whirled Peas and Happy Hempy Hummus are delicious and not to be missed. There are great happy hour specials weekdays from 4 to 7, and $5 Giddyups on Mondays. Dandelion has, obviously, a great selection of freshly brewed organic teas, served hot or iced with your choice of sugar, honey, and agave nectar, and regular, soy or almond milk.  If coffee is your thing, you can get a great cup of organic, fair trade goodness made just for you in a French press. There is an extremely well thought out selection of beer, mostly local and all organic, and a small but very good selection of wine. The people who work there are always friendly, accomodating and helpful, and you'll never be made to feel like an outsider, which is often the case at small places that pride themselves on being 'funky' and 'hip'. (yes, Drunken Monkey, I'm talking to you). You needn't be covered in tattoos and piercings to feel welcome at Dandelion. Drop by at lunch and you'll find the aforementioned folks hanging out and chatting with businessmen having a quick lunch and soccer moms taking the kids out for a fluffernutter. Dandelion is truly representative of the local community. If you are a music and/or art lover, get on their email list. I've seen some outstanding up and coming acts here, like the marvelous Matt Butcher and the jaw-dropping Jubal's Kin, and it's a rare and beautiful thing to see great musicians in such an intimate setting. If it's your thing, you can drum in the full and new moons with the drum circle, too. Stop by and give the good people at Dandelion a try. You won't miss that burger, I promise.
I love this place so much. Everytime I come, I get their garden tonic which is basically their tea of the day. Their tempeh is delicious and their soups are hearty and satisfying. My boyfriend never wants to come with me because it's vegan and he thinks that if it doesn't have meat, then it's not a meal. I beg to differ. I dragged him out and he enjoyed a cup of soup. You don't have to be vegan to enjoy this place. It's absolutely amazing. I'll admit, I swing by any chance I get even if it's just for tea.
Not a vegan, but enjoyed this lovely cafe! Food was delicious. I had the meatless chili nachos. Didn't miss the meat at all, it was flavorful enough to hold its own. I also sampled the portobello sandwich which was yummy to my tummy too! The Tea's are refreshing and the service was friendly and on par. Definitely headed back, even though it is a bit of a drive from my area!
This is my favorite tea house ANYWHERE and one my all around favorite vegetarian restaurants. To combine the two is my version of heaven on earth!  I am a total tea-aholic and a complete tea snob. I am very specific in my tea preference:  South African Red Rooibos, steeped dark, no sweetener, no fruit, no, not a chai.  Yes, I am specific, a difficult tea drinker to please, absolutely, but only one place truly gets it right and perfect, every single time....Yes, Dandelion.   So, perfect tea, yes, what else?  Fab hummus, excellent quinoa (which is hard to find in a restaurant, with a huge variety of mix-ins), divine salads (Eve's Revene....YUMMO!), superb gluten-free desserts.  So, perfect tea, amazing food, and? If you are into drumming, you MUST go to a full-moon drum circle! I've been to a lot of drum circles and Dandelion has the best vibe anywhere.  A great group of people sharing in beautiful energy.  I have driven from Miami to Otown just to go to a drum circle, that is what a blissful experience this is. So, overall, truly and genuinely, my favorite spot in all of Otown!  Like tea? Go!  Like healhty, feel good food? Go!  Like high-vibrational people? Go!  Like drums? Go!  Just GO to Dandelion....I guarantee you will be THRILLED you did!
Hello sweet potato burrito with cilantro crack sauce... Why can't you be closer to Boston. I had to hit this place up twice during my week in Orlando. Friendly staff, cool vibe, good food. I dig it.
It's hard to say anything about this place that hasn't already been said. $5 giddyups on Mondays. Healthy and unique food creations. An always friendly staff. Interesting tea, beer, and other beverages. Environmentally friendly. Need I say more? One of my favorite things is that the menu gives you nutritional guidelines. My boyfriend and I have done a few cleanses in the last few months and have been able to eat at Dandelion because we know what we are getting and what we need to avoid. The only caveat is that this restaurant has vegan food. I love it and they DO have dairy cheese if you need a fix, but you have to know what you're getting into before you go!
love this place!  everything I have ever eaten there is delicious!  all vegan, everyone is super friendly, and the space is awesome (beautiful outdoor seating and different indoor rooms, all with different character).
In town for work and couldn't be more excited to find this vegan spot around the corner from my hotel, and serving delicious food.  Came in today for lunch, and will probably return tomorrow for lunch as well.  Everyone inside is nice and informative.  Looks like everyone helps eachother out, and the general vibe inside is a good one. Thanks Dandelion for being there when my belly started to grumble.  I'll be back for sure!
I love this quirky little cafe.  The salads are fresh and delicious and the teas are very good.  I buy teas for home and they brew wonderfully in a French press and are very relaxing and the tastes are fantastic!
By far! the best place in town for all my vegan friends. I went with a girlfriend to lunch the other day, and the experience was truly amazing. The place is like going to a friend's house in the mountains with all this sense of peace around you, as you walk up the wooden steps you open up the door to the charming house and there you see a crowd of beautiful bright minded people ready to enjoy the delights this venue has to offer. A wide variety of fresh teas for you to choose from. One thing for sure you will fall in love with is the eclectic decor inside, with beautiful paintings of different saints and famous images that will honestly speak to you while you wait for your order.   As you make your way thru you will also notice the different quartz surrounding the place, making you feel that sense of peace you long wait for and need while you take your lunch break and break free from the hectic work hours. We sat down chatted for little bit as we waited for our deliciousness, I ordered the (Fakin Lettuce & Tomato) artisan organic tempeh, seasoned in house, is paired with basil aioli & mater slices for a new twist on an old favorite with a side of Whirled Peas. She ordered the ((Portobello Sandwich)) w. a side of their awesome Hummus. We both drank refreshing Lemon Water to wash down everything. The serenity continued, we kept talking and indulging on the great ambience, little did we know time flew and we had to get back to work.
So good! Stopped at Dandelion last Thursday at lunchtime as I was passing through Orlando. It's an adorable old house, and you place your order then pick a room (there are 3), or outside picnic table, to eat in. One has several tables and windows, one has a funky couch and chair and books, and the third is largest - with high ceilings. Each is adorned with fun, bright artwork. I checked in on foursquare and received a free flavored ice tea. I love that they have a big container of agave to sweeten it. After much deliberation, I ordered the organic homemade sweet potato burrito, pressed with quinoa, onions, corn and ginger cilantro (drool!) sauce and served with a side - I went with the vegan "queso" - a blend of cashews and nutritional yeast, per the recommendation of the guy who took my order. It was served with a heap of blue corn chips for dipping. So flavorful! And HUGE. I had read that they have an amazing curry sauce, so I got a side of that and I made sure to get every last drop out of the little plastic cup. I also ordered a cup of the vegan chili to try and it was fantastic, topped with scallions. Overall a great experience. I eyed the vegan cupcake selection upon leaving but was super stuffed. Next time!
My boyfriend and I just moved to the area, and this was our first lunch! We could not have asked for a warmer welcome. Beth and Amaresh (spelling?) are delightful people. The vibe here is chill and friendly, both inside and out. Even if the good was just mediocre, they're worth coming in for. But the food is FAR from mediocre. We had the Bean there, Done that and the abundant harvest. Both were amazing and the portions are huge! The gingerous dressing is something I will be dreaming about and returning for. And don't neglect the beverages--so many kombucha options and nice big pours of wine. We look forward to becoming regulars!
What a disappointing shame, I had one of those horrible experiences that make you wish you had never come here, never spent a dime, never recommended this to friends.  It ruined what should have been a lovely brunch with friends.   The service was awful which started the moment we walked in the door.  Don't you love it when two baristas/servers/tea-makers don't acknowledge your presence and when you go to ask a question stare down into their laps and then when you ask a question, can't even be bothered to look you in the face?  I don't like to spend my hard earned money when you feel as though the staff resent your presence and act as though they have somewhere better to be. The food was awful and tasteless, the teas weren't much better.  Its an embarrassment for people who want to support local businesses but realize that this place should have gone out of business back in 2009 and 2010 when they were begging people for business and bombarding our inboxes with "better than thou"  emails about what a service they do for the "communitea".  A disservice more likely. Don't even ask me about my experience with the art curator Anna and the passive aggressive emails begging me to put my art on the walls.  I was coerced into putting my art up for a month and addressed my concerns over payment ( I wasn't paid for the art sold in 2008 due to a manager never being "available" to write me a check) and went about dropping off my pieces at the specified time and place.   Anna showed up late, was dismissive and rude and then sent numerous emails demanding I show up at the house on sunday evening (sending an email at 4 in the afternoon on sunday) to fit in with her "busy" schedule.  When I couldn't make it, I already had plans, I was sent all kinds of nasty emails about how I needed to get down there right away.  I offered to come Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday before the "opening" of the show but apparently that wasn't good enough.  I was sent more distressing and rude emails about fitting in with her schedule.   I emailed and called and was ignored, wondering would my art be on the walls or not.  No response..... until Thursday after the show saying that I should pick up my art that day.   Makes me wonder if they were out to steal from me again, like they did in 2008.  Anna obviously never had any intention of selling my art and less intention of paying me for it.     I wouldn't have really written such a terrible review about our brunch because I do believe in supporting local businesses and figured everybody has a bad day once in a while, but after my direct experience with the Anna and the other staff  when I came to retrieve my pieces, I knew that this was  pretty common to treat customers and the artists like dirt.   How can this place talk about "communitea" when they're out to reject and steal from the people who want to support it?
Holy cow. I'm temporarily living in Orlando and am missing the atmosphere of my hometown Gainesville, so today I'm touring "hipster" Orlando. Dandelion is a true slice of heaven on earth. I ordered the hunny mustard bowl. The quinoa and tempeh are cooked to perfection and the dressing is phenomenal. I am usually very light on dressings but this time I coulsnt help but dump the whole thing on there. The tea is refreshing and delicious. The ambiance is cozy and welcoming. I have zero complaints and will absolutely be returning for the chili and buffalo dishes. It's on the pricier side for my grad student budget, but based on my experience here today, I'd say it's totally worth it. I've found a happy place!!
Love, love, love this place!!!!!
One name that makes this place my #1 go to spot in all of Orlando... Chris Blanc!!! I come here about 3 times a week for my lunch break and even though the food is always fresh and tasty the staff has gotten my order wrong the past couple of times. However, before yesterday I never said anything b/c I'm usually in a rush and they are usually packed serving people like me who are interested in helping the world via what we consume. Yesterday I had a minor issue and Chris went over and beyond to make it right and for that I will forever be a loyal Dandelion Communitea Café customer. Chris's customer service matched the freshness of the food and I just wanted to be sure to let the Yelp world know this. Oh yeah, the Vegan brownies are second to none!!!
I can't get enough of the food at Dandelion, and I'm not a vegetarian or vegan.  Other reviewers have covered the details, but I'm reviewing just to encourage other non-vegetarians and non-vegans to give Dandelion a try.  I doubt you'll be disappointed.
I don't understand how this place could get any better. It has so many food options, perfect for vegetarians and vegans. I love the Bean There Done That dish, get the vegan queso on anything & everything, there's never enough! Their teas of the day are always amazing. Whether you order online, get take out or delivery, or hang out in this cozy house-like restaurant full of artsy types, you'll enjoy the vibe and the food. :)
My wife and I moved from San Diego, California about six months ago and after living there for nearly 20 years I've been pretty homesick.  My wife and one of her friends discovered this little restaurant and my wife brought me over there one day to check it out, telling me that it reminded her of places we enjoyed in CA.  She was very right.  It was like a little California oasis on the edge of downtown Orlando offering vegan food (neither of us are vegan but we do eat a lot of this kind of food for health reasons and because we like it) and a very down-to-earth atmosphere.  The chili was outrageously good, as was the tea selection.  There is art for purchase on the walls, and apparently they have drum circles on certain evenings.  I have been back since then and had a black bean burrito which was also fantastic.  They have some creative food offerings which I have never seen anywhere else. An interesting tidbit - I spoke with the owner my first time there and he told me that he got the idea for the restaurant from trips he took to California beach communities. He was considering moving there but then decided to bring the California to Orlando. So I had the California connection right. He also took some time to recommend some other places to check out locally, which was really cool given that it was the middle of his workday. So overall the Dandelion was a fantastic experience and my wife and I will keep going there as long as we live in Orlando.  I'm still a bit homesick for CA but knowing that the Dandelion is there certainly makes me feel better!
This is a nifty little spot.  A gem so to speak which has the flavour of a bohemiion style hang out.  The food is vegetarian and generally very good.  Service is excellent even when there is a small crowd extending to outside.  Makes for a flavorful experience all around. Saying all this I must point out the interesting little attractions they got going.  There is poetry night generally on Tuesdays between 8:00 and 10:00 which is an event to be experienced, where emerging young and older talents strive for the essence of authentic expression.  I must add there are some real good poets.  Definitely worth the effort to attend. The other event is an open art showing.  This event definitely needs work.  The lighting is poor and the hanging is equally so. We understand that this is an emerging event with not much effort placed in it.  That being the case, given a little attention could be a much better attraction even for what it is. I give the dandelion four stars and much praise for their all around effort.  Still one of my favorite places to hang out just for the nostalgic  feel.  Reminds me on so many levels of the village in lower Manhattan, New York city.
get the blt or the nachos or the eve's revenge wrap. they're amazing. and they sell kombucha, which is great
When I first started one of my many attempts at clean eating, I picked my sister's brain about the best vegetarian options in Orlando. Without hesitation she named "Dandy" as the place to go. Dandy certainly didn't disappoint when I stepped through the door for the first time... or every consecutive time since. The menu can seem overwhelming at first, so if you can take a peek online ahead of time, you may not get the glares from some of the local regulars who often forget what visiting a place for a first time is like. Every time I've been I've lucked out and had the hibiscus tea which is one of the most refreshing iced teas I've had. The salads are healthy and all their nibbles have a home-grown flavor with many of their items coming from their on property garden. Weather (and table availability) permitting sit outside and soak up the sunshine while you enjoy your food. Those with an aversion to dogs may want to sit indoors as many lovely pooches join in the al fresco dining experience.
This place is a little piece of home (The Northwest) Delicious food Sweet Staff Yummy drinks and if I may say, Good vibes. Seems like other places in Orlando have a very pretentious vibe (East End Market) but not here. I am thankful to have a place where I can enjoy myself and not feel like an outsider. Thanks Dandelion!
Love, love, love Dandelion! My wife and I started going to Dandelion a few years ago, as we were changing our diet to be more plant-based. I was hooked the first time I tried the FLT (Fakin Lettuce and Tomato) with hummus and chips. They've always got two delicious teas-of-the-day on ice, and there's also an excellent selection of craft beer and kombucha available. For dessert, there's always something tasty from Raphsodic Bakery. Since the birth of our daughter, Dandelion has become the hub of our community, with tons of family-friendly events and loads of other like-minded customers with kids. We've even made some great friendships with some of the staff. Orlando is very lucky to have a place like Dandelion.
I'm so glad a place like Dandelion exists in Orlando! It feels totally authentic and homegrown from the hippie sheets on the ceilings to the water-collecting barrel out front. Before I get to the food I'll comment more on the ambiance- they host spoken word nights and moon circles around a fire (bring your own gentle-sounding instruments!). Need I say more? The food is delish- A vegetarian's dream! I always go back to the sweet potato burrito because it is the perfect combo of sweet an savory. Their sides are good but if recommend the whirled peas or hummus (the portions are small but you'll be licking you plate!). Mondays are intense since they have $5 Giddyup dishes so get ready for a line! But a hearty vegetarian dish made from the tears of tree-huggin' hippies warrants such a wait. Come out, bring your family, enjoy the people and great grub!
Ohh how I love this place. I feel like whenever I go here it always happens to be a nice day outside to have lunch :) This is the only restaurant I know in Orlando that uses organic,fair-trade, and local ingredients on their food menu items. I absolutely love the fact that they have a wide variety of vegan items as well. They also do not use GMOs which I really appreciate (I've read my research on the dangers and possible cancer risks of eating foods containing GMOs). The best thing I have tried so far was their black bean quesadilla with vegan queso....YUM! They used a whole wheat wrap and stuffed it with cilantro, black beans, corn, and tomatoes. There was also a side of black corn tortilla chips with guacamole that I chose on the side. They also have vegan desserts from Rhapsodic Bakery (I took a toasted coconut cupcake to take home). I highly recommend their green tea, or any other tea. They also have tea of the day! Today I had the pleasure in trying the vanilla black tea. They also sell Chia drinks and provide filtered water instead of bottled water. I loooveeeeee how they use Mason jars and their own mugs (such a cozy and  aesthetic feel) to keep your drinks in while you eat there, and they also provide to go cups as well. After I ordered and paid, they gave me a number so the waiter could spot my number and give me my food. They whip up food probably no more than 10 minutes, love the fast service! Workers are such awesome and friendly people! I love the atmosphere Dandelion gives off. Just before you walk on the stairway to the cafe they even have a mini book exchange mailbox where you would trade one of your books and take one of them out for your own. Parking is really crazy during lunch time because that's when everyone comes in. Around 3pm they aren't as busy. So basically I feel super healthy and GREEN whenever I come here. Such a wonderful environment and atmosphere. When I went today I didn't see their cat that usually lurks around their cafe hahaha. Overall, give this place a try! Especially if you are health conscious about what goes into our foods like I am or are a vegan looking for a quick bite to eat! You can also order online in doorstep delivery or call them for pick up!
Dandelion is the perfect place for a veggie-loving, tree-hugging hippies like myself. The food is delicious, and it is all totally vegetarian (all dishes could easily be made vegan). The carnivores out there will not be left hungry, as the portions are large and hearty. I love taking advantage of the $5 giddyup wrap on Mondays. I alternate between the whirled peas, queso dip, and hummus as the sides. All three are excellent. If you choose to pick up take-out, I highly suggest you check your order before leaving. I have had many take-out orders turn out wrong, only noticing when I arrive home ready to eat. Also, if they ask if you want Green Goddess dressing, it is delicious, but be aware that it costs an extra $1. I didn't realize it was extra until I inspected the receipt. Overall, Dandelion is a must-go for any vegetarian or vegan, and all of the omnivores I know love it too!
How I miss living in Orlando...Love this place!  I wish I could pick this place up and move it closer to me!
Love everything about this place. Monday $5 giddyups are the best. Most times I get a blueberry beer with my meal, I'm drooling just thinking about it.
Just moving over to a more plant based diet and this really opened our eyes as to how much variety there is in the vegan diet.
Super Cool Spot! A great find if your looking for Vegan food in Orlando. I had the Bean there done, that Quinoa bowl, which was delicious but the real star of this dish was the Ginger dressing. I sure wish they'd bottle and sell it, it was amazing..
This wasn't my first time eating here but, visits to Dandelion are few and far between for me so I always treat it as a new experience, and it was awesome! Walking into the beautiful painted and designed cafe I was greeted right away by a friendly baristia? Cashier? Well, whoever is behind the counter greeted me and told me whenever I was ready to go ahead and order. The menu is a bit tricky because everything has a cool, hip name rather than the ingredients spelled out in the title so it took a bit of reading. And the tea menu! Quite extensive. Finally after reading through everything I decided to just ask the barista-cashier-man for his recommendation. He recommended "The Giddyup" and to get the green goddess dressing with it. Let me just tell you that, I am not someone who enjoys a meal without a portion of meat in it, I think it's unnatural and sacrilegious to my own body. This wrap could have made me go vegetarian! It was the perfect balance of crunchy and spice and everything nice, and that dressing needs to be bottled and sold. Aside from the great food, the service was perfect as well. The food arrived to the table within 5 minutes which surprised me because it seemed busy. Anytime it even looked like I was going to get up for something a staff member asked what I needed and got it for me, and the ambiance and artwork added to the already great experience. I left Dandelions with a full belly and a big smile. I don't say this about almost any restaurant/cafe that I go to but, that was a stellar experience and truly worthy of the 5 star rating I'm giving them. Kudos to you, Dandelion.
I had the pleasure of heading down to Orlando for an event recently and reached out to my friends to ask if there was one place I should visit in Orlando, where would that be? Without hesitation, they told me to go to Dandelion Communitea Cafe. Founded in March of 2006, Dandelion Communitea has become a gathering place for the community as they not only offer delicious, fresh, organic, vegetarian food, but also a number of weekly events as well. When I arrived on a dreary Wednesday afternoon, I was pleased to see that it was a cute, funky, stand-alone house painted green with a white porch. So, so cute. It was dark inside as I picked up a menu and tried to figure out how things worked. You place your order, pay up front, then wait at a table for your meal. I asked what was vegan and they said most things other than those specified with cheese were vegan. Wonderful! After perusing the menu of salads, sandwiches, and classic dishes for a while, I finally made a decision, paid, took a number, and sat down. The dining area was really dark and on this dreary day, there was little sunlight to illuminate it. The dining room was minimally decorated with a wood floor, brown tables and plush chairs along with white curtains and wildly painted walls. As I waited, I had a sip of my Buchi Kombucha in Fire -- so spicy! After a while, my meal came out. I ordered a simple Classic Dandy dish. You choose either a bowl or a wrap and with spring mix and/or quinoa. I chose a bowl of the Abundant Harvest with both spring mix and quinoa. I found it a bit amusing that it was on a plate not a bowl, but whatever. The dish was huge and was loaded with fresh organic ingredients such as garbanzo beans, tomatoes, carrots, bell peppers, corn, celery, broccoli, and scallions. It was tossed with sesame seeds and their homemade Green Goddess dressing. I loved it. I topped it with their Cashew Tempeh Tenders for an extra $3, which were pretty good. They also include your choice of a side so I went with the Whirled Peas Guacamole with chips -- again pretty good. I was in quite a hurry so I ate as quickly as I could and left as I had to catch a plane. I was so happy to find fresh, organic meals in Orlando in a place where I could eat quickly and go. And for $17 for the entire meal and drink, I think it was appropriately priced. I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu the next time I'm in the area.
So I got a quinoa, apple, raisin, onion wrap with a raspberry dressing. The dressing was too sweet but the wrap was pretty good. Very different. The hummus and chips were really good, I wish I got the starter, not just the side. Also got some teas, one chai yogi tea with almond milk and one tea of the day, it was mango passion fruit black tea. Both very good. I'll be back here for sure, I want to try some other main dishes maybe that aren't so sweet.
This place is heaven on earth for me. I used to go here regularly, when I loved in Orlando for 4 years. I've been away for 2 years- and now that I've come back it's the first place I went. It's so healthy & welcoming. Wish I could have it every day!
I have been a couple of times, and each time I love everything. As someone who tries to eat as healthily as possible but slips up (maybe more than the average bear...), the food here is healthy but TASTES like you're indulging! Their staff is amazing and recommends just the right things. Very cute little place with a lovely atmosphere. Will always go back, especially now that I can online order!
Just moved back to Orlando after 20 years and I happened to end up at this veggie Mecca. The best! Hippies rejoice. So many amazing choices, they have wine, sell local art. Wraps and bowls. Service was great, nice people. There is nothing negative to say.
Sigh. I want to like Dandelion more, but they mess up my order almost every time. This is particularly frustrating when I'm picking up food to go and only find out when I get home. On the plus side, the food is pretty darn good, and I like the vibe. Try the green pea guac if you're there. It's delish. They just need to get it together when it comes to order accuracy.
Great Food, i love the mason jar beverage glasses and the teas offering the vegan cheese dip was amazing, the sweet potato burrito was very filling and had me full all day, the reason i didn't give it five stars is the Customer Service was subpar at best, the workers looked quite miserable and almost annoyed.
I've been going to Dandelion Communitea Cafe for as long as I can remember. When it comes to local, fresh and ethically sourced - Dandy is the heart of it. If you've never been, here's what you need to know: -The food is SUPER fresh -The dessert comes from a local bakery called Rhapsodic -The cafe is basically an older home that's been remodeled into a cute cafe. -There is plenty of seating: outside and inside (Couches, tables, etc) -Dandy features local art, which is another cool thing about the place. -Craft beer is available - Dandy's Hummus is AMAZING - The tea selection is OKAY - The service has improved immensely over the last 6 months. WARNING, do not come here expecting to eat meat - you won't get it.
Adorable little place! It's cozy and comforting and the selection is neat. The staff is all super friendly and some times there is live music. Definitely worth checking out!
Okay, I love this place. LOVE it. I was honestly expecting something a little pretentious and hipster. A place too pretentious and hipster for me to feel comfortable in. It was neither of those things. This house-turned-cafe is darling. There is seating in the living room and two of the bedrooms. One room even has a few sofas. The lighting, warm paint colors and furniture make it super cozy. Make sure you grab a table if you see it and look over the menu there, otherwise someone else will take it as you finish placing your order! They have a huge tea menu, as well as a couple "Tea of the Day." If you order one of those, they hand you a huge mason jar of ice and you can refill it yourself as much as you want. I had the Ice Ice Baby (Vanilla black tea) and it was probably the most delicious and refreshing thing I have ever gotten to drink. We also ordered the Polynesian Banana Fantasy wrap (banana, carrots, celery, cucumber, walnuts, curry dressing) with a side of blue tortilla chips and black bean dip (more of a black bean salsa type deal) and the sweet potato burrito. The banana wrap thing was amazing! So so good and I didn't feel guilty about shoving it into my mouth on auto-pilot. The wrap is also HUGE so my husband and I could have split that and both been stuffed. The girl taking our order was very friendly and knowledgable. After someone sat in the seat we were eyeing, we had no choice but to sit outside under an umbrella table (it was drizzling) but she told us she'd let us know if a spot inside came available and even checked on us a few times to make sure we were okay out there. Such a cozy place and I can't wait to come back for guiltless eats!
Dandelion is one of my very favorite spots because they really understand healthy food. It's almost completely organic, whole, and the entire menu can be made vegan! Favorites include the hummus, Giddyup Bowl, and their lovely tea. Great spot and fabulous, friendly staff!
Love going here for fresh healthy food.  There are a wide variety of choices for meat eaters and vegan alike.  I love getting Eve's Revenge with quinoa-a real favorite.  large servings of fresh hibiscus tea and entertaining atmosphere.
As a vegetarian, this place is a rare find. Delicious food that is made vegetarian from the beginning, not as a 'substitute'. Everything on the menu looks good, making a decision can be difficult! They also have a huge assortment of teas to choose from. Everyone working there was super friendly and nice; it made it feel really homey. Even my fiance, who is not a vegetarian and runs from tofu, loved it. If you are in the area, definitely consider stopping in. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
I go here on tuesday nights when I can make it, for their poetry night. I love the atmosphere, its relaxing and friendly. Seats fill up quick outside, so I'd suggest getting there early. Their food is really good and their staff are always nice. This place is perfect for a day out with friends or to impress a date with a local tea shop. Inside, they have tables and sofas, a nice and cozy setting. I have nothing bad to say about Dandelion, its one of my favorite places in winter park.
I wish there were half stars. I'd give it 3-1/2 as another reviewer has said. Idalia D. and I are currently on the Elimination Diet and have very little to choose from to eat. We were tired of brown rice, vegetables and chicken.  I co-worker has a sister that's vegan, so I asked for a recommendation so we could try and find some where to go out to while we're on this diet. We came on a cold night.  There were a number of tables outside, but just too cold to be out there. Once inside, we saw table space was limited and grabbed the first table we saw while we looked over the menu. Good thing we did because after that there were constantly people not able to find one at all.   I prefer a restaurant that has table service, but ordering at the counter was fast and friendly. Our food also came very quickly. Nothing on the menu fit our diet perfectly, so we had to go with what was the least harmful to where we were at on it. We ordered the Bean there, done that salad and the spring rolls.  I enjoyed the salad and would probably order it again. Although if we go back, I'd like to try other items once we're finished with the diet. Idalia really liked the spring rolls.  Much more than I did.  But I think it was the peanut sauce that did it for her. Overall a pretty good experience. Decent prices and good portions. We'll go back when it's a bit warmer so we can sit outside.
There is nothing better than getting excited about trying a new restaurant with food I am not sure that I will like and then being more than satisfied. I easily found the blazing green building on Thornton Ave and parked my car in one of the few open parking spaces (there is parking on the street as well.) I walked in to find an order counter with a small line and eclectic and friendly staff. I perused the menu even though I had already glanced at it before heading out to the cafe. The woman ahead of me in line raved about the chili and was convincing enough that I ordered a Giddiyup bowl with spring mix, quinoa, vegan cheese, and pea guacamole with chips. Along with a side of garlic dressing. I had no idea what to expect so when they placed the bowl in front of me I was pretty much blown away. It took me a moment to assess what everything was (see pic.) It looked delicious and hearty enough for a carnivore like myself. Yep, I'm a major meat eater and trying out this highly touted vegan restaurant was a big deal for me. I honestly could finish it all but every bite was delicious and the garlic dressing complimented the meal perfectly although it might be overwhelming if you pour the whole container on the dish (I was able to portion control by keeping it on the side and dipping individual bites.) The green pea guacamole was interesting, especially since I though avocados were already vegan. But if you like mushy peas then you will like it; if not, order the hummus, it looked delicious! Definitely not afraid of vegan cheese anymore after this experience and looking forward to trying more dishes there in the future. YuM! Losing a star or inconvenient parking tho.
A loose-leaf tea-loving, smoothie-making, juicing place that has EXCELLENT food too??? Dandy, you are the only one like you in the world. (they also create health tonics with all kinds of good stuff.)  Oh, and desserts!! Many vegan desserts!! If you go to Dandelion, do yourself a favor and try my favorites: Fakin, Lettuce Tomato Raspberry Parfait (wow!!!) The buffalo 66 - in a  wrap The Abundant Harvest - in a wrap Hunny Mustard Wrap And the best drink of all: hot ruby chai with steamed soymilk (latte style), a little sweetened....OMG. The only reason I don't go all the way to 5 stars is that the place is a converted (tiny) house, and there's pretty limited seating!  Plus, in the summer, this drafty house tends to get very hot.  Though they do have picnic tables outside for those sweltering times....they should consider adding on to this little house/restaurant .  If it never changes, that's ok too.
I have been going to dandelion for a few years now. I've taken tons of pictures and I've never given them the review they most definitely deserve? How is this possible? Well it ends now! I think this was the first vegan place I've ever been too and I really didn't know what to expect but it was within walking distance to my house and I was walking my dog so I thought that it would be a good idea to stop and get a bite to eat. I wasn't sure what to get so I started with something I've never heard of before. Tempeh. I had no idea it was even food. I thought it meant the sandwich was tempty (that's not even a real word) so I went for it. It comes out and this compacted bean party appears on my bread and I'm all O.o? but I tried it and it was really good. Fiyero liked it too as you can see in the picture I posted of him foodgasming over it. Since then I have tried many of the menu items and my taste buds have fallen in love with the portobello mushroom sandwich. I get it just about every time I come in now and I love it. I crave it. Oh it's so hot and juicy and I sop up the drippings of juice and mayo on my plate with my crusts and I am a happy Brooke. I usually get the tea of the day too but I went in a few days ago and saw a sign for fresh raw almond milk and I was like "yes please!". It was so yummy with cinnamon sprinkled on top. Highly recommended. It tastes so different from the store bought stuff. And on top of everything else I think the entire staff is just wonderful. They're all so sweet and helpful. Plus it's fun when they have live music or open Mic nights. I've yet to go to a drum circle but I will soon. Don't ever change! Unless you make it better but I don't see how.
Came here on a nice night where they happen to be having a community spoken word outside of the restaurant - very cool! This place is a vegan restaurant with organic teas and wine selections.  You order at the front and then take a seat with a number. A server will bring the food to you. I love the make your own bowl options where you can pick a theme and add more items to it like tempeh, seitan, salsa, etc or just make your own bowl with quinoa, vegetables, salsa, etc. The food is either vegetarian or vegan depending on how you like it. They have special organic tea blends made for certain chakra needs like tummy soothing blend, energy blends, etc. The atmosphere is beautiful and quaint. It is basically a restaurant inside what seemed to be a home once with various tables in different rooms. Lovely place.
Small hipster place.. Loved the food
I absolutely positively LOVE this place. I am not a vegetarian but the good here is truly delicious nonetheless! But jt is not so much the food that i love most  (as well as the amazing varieties of fresh brewed teas!!), but the environment. This cafe lives trough the bones of an old house with several adorable rooms to eat in. The patio outside is adorable as well, in addition to a relaxing garden.
I am not vegan but one of my old friends came into town to visit and she is so I looked on yelp to see what restaurants offered vegan and/or gluten free and dandelion got great ratings and I see why! :) we loved it. Ate outside, great seating outdoors, wonderful iced tea.  I have the fakin, lettuce, and tomatoe, I was a huge fan. Will bebhaving another girls day out here again soon
Ok- I was very torn about how to review this place, as I myself am not vegan, and wouldn't normally choose this place.  I think if I could give it 3 1/2 stars I would.   My cousin picked this spot for dinner, as he is vegan/gf/indie.  I don't have a lot of vegan restaurant experience to compare this to, but I think if I did it would rank pretty high up there.   Just a couple things to note: They do have beer and wine; they do not have table service (you order at the counter and sit down); and it is not very big inside. I give it 3 stars because it's not really my jam. I felt like everyone there could just tell by looking at me that I was a meat-eating imposter.  If you are not familiar with plant-based and vegan terms, the menu can be a little overwhelming.  I think perhaps they can benefit from having a more non-vegan friendly section of the menu. Not necessarily serve meat- just have some things designated for people who aren't familiar with the diet choice. As for my party, 3 of us got the "giddy up"- based on all the yelp reviews.  It's a tempeh chili served over quinoa- and it was really good and filling.  I'd suggest it for any non vegans- and get it with the organic dairy cheese they offer.  The 4th person got the grilled cheese- which also was good.   I do have to say I was impressed with the vegan queso.   The employees were very friendly.  It was a chill atmosphere.  We were there on a Tuesday night- which is open mic poetry night outside (again, not my jam)...so we sat inside. I doubt I will return here by my choice.  But, if you are looking for some reasonably priced organic and vegan options, this place is for you.
Very cool restaurant - it's an old house that has been converted. Food quality was good, but a little under-seasoned
Really cool restaurant. It's basically in an old house and the dining area is divided between several separate rooms and a front patio. I wanted to try a lot of different things but settled on "The Giddyup" as it was on special on Monday night at $5. You can't really pass that up. It was chili with vegan cheese, quinoa, blue corn chips and spring mixed greens. Great flavor and a pretty big portion. The place was packed and was a hipster paradise.
If you like vegan cuisine and local food, Dandelion is the place to be. With some of the freshest, healthiest ingredients, Dandelion has easily become my favorite restaurant in the Orlando area. As a vegan, it's comforting knowing that everything on the menu can be 100% cruelty-free. Upon entering the cafe, which is found inside an adorable hippie-esque house, you immediately feel the positive vibes from the friendly workers and satisfied customers. On Mondays you can find me there each week eating their deal of the day, $5 vegan chili bowls with a side of their famous hummus and green goddess sauce. Hands down my favorite meal. If you've never eaten here before, prepare yourself for there is a good chance you may get addicted to the natural, delicious meals and awesome environment.
Okay, so this is kind of embarrassing, but I was completely astonished by the service that I received today!!!! I was trying to load my giddy up with hot sauce and, like a fool, dropped my plate... ALL over myself. The kind lady behind the counter quickly passed me a rag soaked with soda water and directed me to the bathroom! How nice!!!! I felt like an idiot! She also promptly replaced the meal that, like a fool, I dropped. I was so embarrassed, but the staff could not have been more helpful. On to the food review... DELICIOUS! I ordered the giddy up wrap with goddess dressing. It was the best comfort food. Great balance to it. I was too scared to put hot sauce on it the second time around, but it was still wonderful. The pea guac is amazing also!! Thank you for saving my pants!.. and dignity!
This place is great!! My friend and I came out to visit after it was recommended to us. My friend was so excited to find an assortment of her favorite teas. The menu looked great and though we only got tea for our first visit, we will definitely be back to try something off the menu. GREAT hospitality was given here!! The workers were so friendly, helpful and informative. I would like to give my props to one of the gentlemen that works there that was so ever helpful to my friend and her tea purchase,  but I cannot remember his name. I can't wait for my next visit!!
HANDS DOWN!!!!!! The best restaurant we have visited, forget about vegetarian or vegan "BEST RESTAURANT PERIOD", incredible food and service, we are so happy we found this place, we ordered "Henry's hearty Chili", "Machos libre" (yes with an M), "Bean there done that", "Black Bean Quesadilla", and EVERYTHING was great, we have visited other vegan restaurants that have tried these flavors, but DANDELION nailed it, this is a true vegetarian restaurant and if your not a vegan or vegetarian, I guarantee you will enjoy any of their dishes! Hence "BEST RESTAURANT PERIOD"!!!!!!!!
In an effort to eat healthier for the week, my boyfriend suggested that a trip to Dandelion was in order. I was so happy that he suggested this place because it was one of the best meals I ate all week! Dandelion is in a quaint little house that has been converted into a little cafe. The man who was working at the counter was extremely friendly and super helpful. He made tons of suggestions and even offered us some free tea to take home :) That day, we decided to order the black bean quesadilla to start and I had the sweet potato burrito. Black bean quesadilla- So good! This quesadilla was packed with really good, strong cheese so I loved it and the side of salsa was great as well. It was just super flavorful and delicious Sweet potato burrito- I could only finish half of my burrito because it was so big and yummy. I'm not a huge fan of onions, but the onions in this burrito were a great touch. I loved the quinoa in place of the rice as well. I also had the garlic hummus with the chips and it was some of the best hummus that I've ever had that wasn't store-bought. So many flavors! All in all, I loved Dandelion! The service, the food, and the place was great. I'll definitely be back :)
Awesome atmosphere, great food and just a good all around place. The portions are a good size and everyone's super friendly !
Went here with my wife and son this past weekend. I'm not really a fan of the whole scene, personally, and was also put off by the holistic medicine place out back. After looking over the menu, I didn't see any food I thought I'd enjoy either. My wife ordered the Giddyup, and a classic grilled cheese for our son (which was $7, yikes). Altogether it came out to be about $20. So, I was definitely not happy. Then I tried the food. It was really, really great. I think I might have ended up eating more than my wife (which wasn't a big deal because the portion was huge). The dish consisted of chili, dairy cheddar,  tomatoes, and scallions on top of a bed of quinoa, all of which you scoop up with some blue corn chips. Everything tasted super fresh, and the quinoa was cooked perfectly. I was very impressed. My son also enjoyed his grilled cheese. I snuck a few bites of that as well, and it was really tasty. I'm not sure what kind of cheese they used, but it was much better than the slice of American I was expecting. The orange slices he got with his sandwich were also super fresh and juicy (I snuck one of those too, and it was first time I enjoyed an orange slice in a while). So, the $7 may have been worth it after all. While it might not be a place I'd go to often, I can say with certainty that the food is great, and it is very kid-friendly as well. Nice place to get lunch with the family.
In life, there is always time to enjoy the moment. This place makes you "stop and smell the flowers" I wish I owned this place!! Is never leave! Organic raw vegan place served a yum quinoa salad with cashew tempeh and marinated mushrooms. Six bucks!! I know....
If you are felling a little, hippy, trippy, or just in the mood for some excellent vegan food...Look no further.  This place is the shit! We came here on a Saturday on our way to Lake Eola.  There was a bit of a line, but it actually moves pretty fast.  The menu has some pretty cool items on it, but I kept hearing about this Sweet Potato burrito.  Well, I love Sweet potatoes and burritos..score!  I also wanted to try an appetizer so I opted for the side sampler.  They also have a pretty good selection of beers in the fridge, as well as some on tap. You may think, OMG this is expensive.  But in reality, I think it is a pretty decent deal, as the food is organic, and pretty expensive if purchased in the super market.  The food took about 20 minutes...again, it was pretty busy. We got the appetizer first.  It came with 4 different dips.  I really liked them all, but the queso.  It had a funky aftertaste.  I would also suggest bigger portions, as we had lots of leftover chips.  Then my burrito came out.  Oh mama, this thing was huge!  The burrito was filled with quinoa, sweet potatoes and other yummy goodness.  I could barely finish it. Believe me when I tell you, this thing kept me full all day. I am really looking forward to going back and just hanging out, surfing the web and drinking some tea. #Yelp100
Visited for the first time on Giddyap Monday... A line of people at lunch, but it moved quickly. The food was great and healthy, and beautiful!
fantastic vegan food made with care.  one of my favorite places to go when in Orlando.  inside is very laid back and has a few separated rooms if you want to hang out without being disturbed.  teas are excellent. my favorite dish is the chili whether in a bowl or a wrap.  the salad with bananas is also an interesting twist if looking for something on the lighter side.
Dandelion has long been one of my must-go-to places when I visit Orlando (where I have family).    It's a cozy restaurant in a converted house just south of Colonial Drive. They are very vegan friendly (only the grilled cheese sandwich can't be made vegan) and reasonably priced.  I will admit that I always get the Stir Fresh wrap because I tried it once and keep coming back.  It's just that good  They have numerous varieties of teas and tisanes as well, and you can get iced teas freshly made.  If you ask for sweet, they will add agave nectar to your drink.   Agave nectar is made from the agave (used to make tequila) and is an alternative to honey.  It's just as sweet, but a little bit thinner.  It's excellent in teas and dressings. Parking is in a small lot, and it would be nice if there was more available, but you may also be able to park on the street if necessary. If you are seeking a healthy meal, you must rush, rush, rush to Dandelion!
A very enjoyable place!! The food is great and it's a one of a kind atmosphere. Love the art in the walls and the art on the people...t-shirts, tattoos etc. We have been here a number of times, with and without the kids and we never have any complaints. This Monday I enjoyed the $5 Giddyup in a wrap with a side of their amazing hummus. Love this place and always recommend it!!
Its hard to find a truly healthy restaurant anywhere. I find that Dandelion Communitea Cafe is a great example of this. The venue and ambiance is on the hippy side, but its a cool little spot and the food is fantastic and filling.
Food is delish! Fresh, organic, vegan, they have it all. My only criticism is on spacing. It can be very difficult to find a table (though the outside seating does help, except when its raining...which seems to happen a lot when I'm in the mood for Dandelion). I've had the nutter and fakin' sandwiches. Both great! The bread is always fresh tasting and the hummus side is really special.   This is a fun spot to chill with your gal pal and enjoy a relaxing lunch. Don't try to squeeze it in between meetings. Service can be a bit slow, seating a challenge and the vibe is so laid back you really can't be in a hurry. Haven't tried their desserts but they always look great in the case.
Dandelion has a solid menu, and is located in an adorable little old Florida-style house with a garden and all. The food is delectable, but sometimes portions are a bit scant. Their tea is unbelievable, as are the cupcakes from Rhapsodic Bakery. But, don't go if you're on a budget! It's quite expensive. I guess that's the trade off for delicious, local, vegan food!
I am so happy we stumbled upon this place yesterday!   We are not Vegans, but my husband has a gluten allergy and I have a dairy allergy.  Their menu was clearly marked with options for gluten-free, and, of course, nothing has real "dairy" in it since it's Vegan.  All menu items are clearly marked as GF (gluten-free) and/or SF (soy-free) for those with soy allergies. We started with the "Side Sampler" which featured small sample portions of Black Bean Dip, Salsa, Whirled Peas Guacamole (contains no avocado), and spicy Vegan "queso."  All delicious, especially the Whirled Peas Guac and the Queso.  Mm! We ordered Buffalo 66 and Hunny Mustard bowls of cashew encrusted tofu over quinoa.  They were both flavorful when used with the accompanying sauces.  The texture of everything combined was perfect and pleasing.  I kept wanting "just one more bite" even though I was full. Their iced-tea of the day was a Raspberry tea of some sort.  It was perfect with a couple squeezes of Agave nectar for sweetness, as I, like a true southern girl, like my iced-tea sweet. My husband was able to get a GF beer, made of sorghum.  It was tasty! It was a beautiful day to sit outside under one of the many umbrellaed tables.  Across the drive way is a nice, enclosed, pesticide-free sitting area/garden.  My kids enjoyed wandering around over there, looking for all the unique treasures they could find. The staff was very friendly.  I felt comfortable and at home. This is now one of my new favorite weekend spots! (Across the street is a Yoga studio.  Seems like a perfect combination!)
Dandelion makes me so happy!  I love it that I can go to a local restaurant in Orlando where anything I pick on the menu is delish, healthy, gluten free, organic!!! Yay for Dandelion.  I go there a lot and love the Giddyup Monday special.  The new moon drum circle night is quite a feast for the eyes and ears too.  Go the now!  Giddyup!
A popular spot for hipsters and Orlando's thriving hippy community. That it is a house converted into a coffee house adds to a commune-esque ambiance that I found very appealing. Good coffee, tea, and also beer on hand. I came here to study for college with a friend and we found ourselves nestled in one of the bedrooms sipping tea and hitting the books. If you are a fan of downtown Orlando's growing amount of quaint coffee houses I would definitely add this one to your rotation. There was also an attractive menu of soups and sammies that I definitely intend to sample from in the future. I got a vegan vibe from the place but I can't say for sure if the menu is entirely meat free. I have a friend who actively uses alternative medicines who has told me there is a healthy crowd of similar minded people who attend events there and sell their products. I've always gotten a good vibe from the customers there and the staff has always been extremely friendly and courteous. The establishment is keep very clean and I would highly recommend going here for lunch or just to surf the internet and drink tea / coffee. It would also be a hip alternative for a business lunch.
Love this place! A gem in the rough, this place has an organic hippie 60's vibe. It's a little artsy in character and colors. Staff have a super helpful attitude. Whatever concerns you might have about ingredients, they probably can provide good options. The only major error you can make on this menu is leaving without trying their delicious cookies. I always enjoy this laid back little vegetarian cafe.
Immediately greeted with warm smiles and long-time-friend jubilance (despite it being my first time), I was almost distracted from the tasteful music enough to not point out how much I loved the cover of "Heartbeats" I was hearing. The staff, pierced, inked, bra-lass, beautiful, agreed whole-heartedly. It's a good cover.    This place is crunchy as mulch. In the best way. Local food, homemade/-prepared, vegetarian and vegan, in a house with cool art, with love.   I'm not sure how much I can stress the love. The girls in the kitchen were dancing with each other, our server and I chatted in Japanese with reverence, the gentleman who took my order gave me free sides because he really wanted me to try them, our neighbors at the next table asked politely yet warmly about the dish I was thoroughly enjoying.   So so tasty. Dandelion Communitea Cafe knows how to bring out the natural flavor in their food while presenting something fresh and exciting.   This place easily made it into my top 5 restaurants. Try it.   Try it.
I can't give this place a 5 because it doesn't quite measure up to Choice Cafe in Miami. That Vegan cafe really knows how to create meals that ANYONE will love. But I am happy to give it 4 stars for the following reasons: Quality Foods Clean, clean, clean Super friendly Great environment I wish the menu selection was a tad larger, that would actually increase my rating substantially. Everything I've tried as been good, just nothing spectacular that makes you think OH I must eat there again. If you need a Vegan option you cannot go wrong by eating here!
All I can say is: "Yes"... Adore it, hunger for it, wet-dream of it.. oh wait, the latter is for something else. The burritos (believe it or not) makes me feel like I just went to a buffet and mi belly full! Teas are tongue delicious and need some more. but, hey it's one man's (and one wife's) opinion here, so try it out and enjoy something else other than meat... love ya (that was for Dandelion)!
This place was packed, we simply stopped in for iced tea to go. They had two flavors of the day and while neither appealed go me, they both were fantastic. The places was packed and definitely attracts a cool west coast crowd. Reminded me of many a shop on Portland. Fun, delicious and quick. Stop in for refreshing tea.
FINALLY!!!  After all this hype I have been hearing through friends and fellow yelpers alike, I had the chance to indulge at the Dandelion!!   To my happiness, it was a bright ray of sunshine in my day.  Along with a wonderful girlfriend and a creeping sinus infection, all I wanted was a nice chat and some warm soup...I went to the right place! Upon pulling up, it is as precious and inviting as the pics lead on.  It is quite literally a bright yellow flower in this garden of healthy living and eating.  Across the street from a yoga center and right next to a holistic center and around the corner from a holistic school...it is a small village of a whole lotta loveliness ;o) Upon entering, at 1pm on a Wed..it was poppin!  Many were dining inside as the sun was out, but it was only 65 out so we decided to sit on the homey benches outside.  We looked over the menu as the gentleman behind the counter came around to assist.  He (not anyone) knew what the stars on the menu next to certain items meant but I had the grilled cheese (with added tomato) and we are pretty sure the star means AWESOME!  haha.  We informed both the young lady working and the gentleman that we were there based on a Yelp recommendation.  They thought that was super cool and were familiar with Yelp...it's coming Orlando!!! I can feel it! I went with the "wellness tea" as I was not feeling up to par, the grilled cheese with tomato on wheat and the soup of the day...which i was super excited for...French Onion!! We sat outside and everything was delivered by a super nice and courteous staff, such a huge plus!  The well-ness tea I had I requested iced and it was so refreshing with a tad sweetness to a lemon, green tea kick.  I filled the small amount that was left with water and ice when I came near the end and even that was delightful.   The french onion soup came with a side of tortilla chips which was a perfect salt combo with the lite french onion soup...no bread or cheese, just spices and onions.  It was delightful.  The grilled cheese with tomato came with a side of sliced apple which was perfect.  It may have been the prettiest grilled cheese I have ever eaten, so crisp and the cheese was melted everywhere.  And I know it's weird but I NEED my cheese melted to enjoy it, and that I did! My friend and I had such a pleasant experience at the Dandelion that we will for sure be frequenting to try each and every tea on the menu!  We are already looking forward to our next visit and we were just there yesterday.   Nicely done Dandelion, nicely done.   PS - THEY HAVE bottled MAGNERS CIDER - if I was feeling better I would have kicked a few back on this gorgeous day!! SUCH a HUGE win!!!!!!!
Well, with a bright green house like this one, you know you can't go wrong. Finally took the chance to visit this place. Kinda groovy. Magazines outside include natural health, green magazines as well as LGBT newspapers. So, you know you've arrived at a cool place. I think I learned about it while on a plane to somewhere. It's definitely a very creative experience. The cafe uses locally farmed, organic foods. The interior and exterior is embellished with the expressions of local artists. It does have a soulfully progressive aura to it, for lack of a better term. The food. I decided to try the quinoa (keen-wah). It's actually a very old grain, superior to rice, corn and wheat. It contains protein, enzymes, antioxidants, few carbs, and can be used to prevent / treat breast cancer, type 2 diabetes, as well as insulin resistance. After having my meal of quinoa with beans and veggies, vegetarian chili (the chili is insane!), with blue tortilla chips and a small salad, I felt as if I had been nourished with something very healthy for me. It just felt like real food. . .the way food is supposed to be. So many more dishes to try at the commmunitea cafe. And if all the other dishes are anything like what I had the first time around, I'm headed for a really big treat !
So full of life, beauty and ecstasy. From the deco, the people, the music, the teas, the art and the food. Chris and Julie, did an amazing job with this place and their hard work can definitely be appreciated through every part of this cafe. The location is set away from the busy city and roads, beside holistic living and opposite a yoga centre. Outside sittings are so welcoming, when weather permits. Food is fantastic without a doubt. Fresh, wholesome and always enjoyable. My favourite of course is Giddy Up Mondays! Who is silly enough to pass this? I always come here with an a list of orders for friends. (sorry for keeping everyone else in line!) Giddy with hummus and queso in a bowl is by far the best combination. If you are thinking of getting the wrap, my advice is to have the queso as a side as it might just get real messy. To whoever who makes the hummus, fantastic job. Everytime i come here, I get the hummus. It's so fabulous! The green goddess dressing is incredibly rich in a really green way. How so? It's made with sesame or tahini sauce. Native mama mix is good when you are in for being creative with food. Their art works are very unique and interesting. A one of a kind. The community's heartfelt aspirations and goals can be seen here. Music during the evenings are energetic and lively. Some of the great artists and bands start from here, so watch out. Servers are without a doubt kind souls and out-going people. Don't expect anything! Like they say, "if anything can go well, it will" (:
Bad customer service so I didnt even order. I walked in and it appeared the girl behind the counter was busy. She was making some type of drink. So I stood and waited holding a menu. Another girl walked in and apparently they are friends. "Oh, hey who else is here? I have fairy wings, haha, blah, blah, blah." Still holding menu. Still standing. Attempting to make eye contact but they move farther away and keep talking. Seriously? Put down menu and walked out. So, to the girl with the dude haircut who wants to chill instead of work on Halloween night, I know its Halloween and its totally earthblowing to have fairy wings but I was really hungry so you suck. Another reason for why I dont go to pretentious hipster joints. In conclusion, go to Loving Hut.
I love this place so much.  It has so many comfy places to sit that you feel as if you're eating at your own house. The food is delicious and totally organic/vegetarian.  The Polynesian Banana Fantasy Wrap is so flavorful that you'll think you're eating dessert!  All the herbal tonics are yummy too. The staff is friendly and always willing to answer questions about the menu. Just remember to order first, then sit down.  They'll bring your food to you, no matter which room you're sitting in.
I enjoyed my meal of a sample plate (lots of corn in Everything) hummus, salsa, guac with chips, also the veg chili was yummy. we had a tricheese grilled and a few other salads with guacamole. check out the pics on my home page. beer was interesting and had a lingering taste of bitters but it was gluten free and not a cider beer. Friendly service and the atmosphere was hip eclectic and granola vibing.  It was not so good I would go on my own but there was enough selection for everyone that I would go back with friends who have restrictions to their dining.  When I do I will defiantly dive into one of those sweet potato burritos. It looked amazing
My first visit to the Green House (aka. Dandelion Communitea Cafe) was nothing but spectacular! I have to admit that I am pretty tough on vegetarian food especially with such high expectations. This place blew me out of water, actually out of space.... This is a truly gem of Orlando. If you haven't been here, it is time to make every effort to visit this place. I happened to stumble upon the infamous $5 Giddyup Mondays and today was Monday, how lucky I was! dandelioncommunitea.com/… I had a mouthful of deliciousness, served as a salad. I got giddy with spring greens, crumbled blue corn chips, their famous chili, fresh diced tomatoes and scallions with vegan cheddar. Gawd--- I am in heaven! Even better, I added the Sweet Potato Vegan Brownie and that was out of the world too. EVERYTHING is healthy here, dead flat period. You WILL NOT find Coke, Pepsi, Sprite here.... If you have celiac disease then this is the place to go to since they serve zallions of gluten free stuff :) Celebration of life and organic fare begins here. JUST GO GO GO GO GO THERE! Kudos to the GREEN HOUSE.
Most of my visits to Dandelion have been spurred by a craving for delicious tea, and they have never disappointed me. While I'm there gulping away at the tea, I of course end up ordering food as well and so far they have been decent. I am nowhere near vegetarian, and definitely further so from vegan, but I appreciate the meat-absent cuisine and often partook in it when I was a little one. As countless others have iterated annoyingly in television programs or social circles, vegetarian/vegan food tends to have a bad reputation for being tasteless. Unfortunately, this is still mostly true. But there are more and more gems popping up that are proving otherwise. Dandelion is not brand new, so they have had time to develop their taste and it shows. Compared to my very first visit, my latest showed dramatic improvement. I am now starting to appreciate quinoa, thanks to them. Flavor is plenty, for example in their vegan queso, but not necessarily in all their offerings. And variety in texture can sometimes be lacking except when nuts or legumes are present in your meal. Service and ambiance is friendly and laid-back. As it is quite literally in an old home, there are several rooms you can dine in, and several bathrooms scattered around. The main area sometimes offers live music. There is even a nice outside area. I have a feeling that since it's on the way home from the gym I recently joined, I will drop by more often, and I look forward to it.
A little slow on the uptake, I admit, but I finally made my way into the Dandelion Communitea Cafe last week (and I'm sooo glad I did!). Though a little shy to stop in by myself during the lunch rush, Alex and Crystal made me feel right at home on my first visit, as they walked me through the menu and ordering process:  order at the counter, grab a seat, help yourself to a beverage, make yourself comfortable, and enjoy!   Seating is eclectic, with tables and chairs of varying styles filling two rooms.  A third room houses a comfy retro couch for hanging out... cool!  A casual vibe was apparent, w/ many of the folks obviously regulars, as they greeted, hugged, and ordered food to eat in or go. Nothing pretentious about this place -- clean eating and friendly, casual atmosphere! I had the giddyup wrap on my first visit, a wonderful blend of flavors, bathed (lightly) in the goddess dressing... OMG!!!  Combined w/ organic blue chips and black bean salsa on the side, this was a lunch to remember!   It was here I also discovered the organic beer selection from Orlando Brewing, a local microbrewery just a few miles away (see my post for them), and made a note to visit them (which we have). Snuggled in to a few blocks of holistic merchants (aka OurLando), the Dandelion has become one of my new fave "go to" places for clean, simple food with fabulous flavor & atmosphere!   Whether you are a local or a visitor to our City Beautiful, the Dandelion should be on your short list, definitely!  Need another reason?  Check this out. They also boast this honor:   "We are proud to be Certified Green by Co-op America - the only restaurant in the southeast and one of only a handful in the entire United States to carry this prestigious Seal of Approval." Stop in soon, and tell them Robin says hi!  :o)  (They may or may not know who that is, but who cares?  You're there!  Enjoy!)
THIS CAFE IS ENTIRELY VEGAN / VEGETARIAN - THEY SERVE NO MEAT AT ALL. Might be my new favorite place!  (I know I say that about every new place I try, but this really is!)  Everything I love about it is mentioned in the header on their website ~ "Local, organic, eco-friendly eatery."  It is the most charming place I have ever been.  Located in downtown Orlando, just a block off a main drag, it is an old-house-turned-restaurant.  The sheer charm of the inside, from the eclectic furniture to the amazing hard-wood floors, to the local art on the walls, is worth a visit.  The people running it are just as charming - very nice, accommodating, and quick to explain everything.  To say I love the atmosphere is an understatement.  I like that they used real plates, glasses, and utensils; no Styrofoam.  Unfortunately, I don't live in Orlando so I can't frequent it often. Let's get on to the food.  OUTSTANDING!  I only tried one thing, and it was fantastic.  I had the Hunny Mustard wrap (cashew encrusted tempeh strips with cucumber, tomato, white onion and tangy hunny mustard dressing).  I left a couple things out, and they had no problem making it to order.  It comes with 1 side dish and you choose from about 5.  The tempeh was just so delicious!  Might be best I ever had.  The wrap was stuffed full of all these good eats, and it was plenty of food.   You definitely don't come away hungry.  I found the price very reasonable ($9.75; that was about the most expensive thing I saw).  This is also a tea place; I had a glass of iced green tea - which was delicious (free refills). You order your food at the counter and then it is delivered to your table.  There are 2 big rooms inside with cool furniture, as well as plenty of outdoor seating.  There is street parking and I didn't have any trouble finding a spot on a busy workday (no meters).  There were a lot of people on their computers, so there might be wi-fi. I will definitely go back when I am in the area, but would probably get the exact same thing.  It was too delicious not to get again!  LOVE IT. UPDATE:  Visited here again (Dec. 2012).  Another fantastic meal; but, I am a creature of habit - I got the exact same thing (hunny mustard wrap w/ tempeh).  DELICIOUS!  Maybe next time, I'll get something different.
Dandelion is a hole in the wall quaint restaurant that is such a good fit to for the growing healthy community in Orlando. Upon walking in there's lots of color in the wooden structure and there's always people in here having some great conversation. My favorite nights is when they have some live music. An acoustic guitar with my meal? Don't mind if I do!   The food is delicious, I normally get a bowl or the sweet potato burrito YUM! Even meatatarians really dig in to the menu items. The teas are pretty tasty but I'm not really a tea subscriber so I'll leave that to people who probably know what they're talking about. All in all Dandelion is a win. Now I'm just waiting patiently for Ethos to open up in Winter Park *looks at watch and feigns starvation*
I work near this restaurant and someone told me about it at work. I love this place. I usually pick up lunch at least once a week. I love the Black Bean Quesadilla and the quinoa (Native Mama Mix)--Quinoa (KEEN-wah) was a sacred "mother grain" to ancient Incans with a delicious nut-buttery flavor and soft texture. High in protein & containing a balanced set of essential amino acids, it is also a good source of dietary fiber and phosphorus and is high in magnesium and iron. Quinoa is gluten free and easy to digest. Everythng always taste fresh and even the non meat eater won't miss the meat. They have great tea's and the salad dressings are great since I hate store bought dressing--these are homemade. I will continue to frequent :) I love being in Orlando!
Nestled near the Vietnamese restaurants, we have this quaint place on Thornton Ave.   On the right, you'll see a bright green house.  Yep, you're at the right place.  As I walked inside, there's definitely a warm ambiance.  Along the wall, there's a bunch of tea and baked goods.  It's a bit crowded by the register so I grabbed a menu and took a seat to glance over the selections.  There's seats and couches inside Dandelion as well as outdoor seating for the folks who want to enjoy the Florida weather. This is a great place for anyone who loves tea, vegetarian food, or has celiac disease.  The menu had a large selection of entrees from soups, appetizers, burritos, and sandwiches.  The sweet potato burrito caught me eye immediately.  MMMM.... sweet potato.. but in a burrito?  Sure, why not.  I use the "why not" philosophy with pretty much everything.  "Why not?" as long as it doesn't cause bodily injury to myself or is dangerous. This sweet potato burrito seemed pretty safe for me!  For my side item, I ordered the "whirled peas".  What a cute name!  My burrito had the sweet potatoes, of course, and quinoa.  The burrito worked very well with the mix of sweet potato and quinoa as well as the other ingredients.  You can't go wrong with blue corn tortilla chips either. I shared my other half of the burrito with one of my friends so I could try the black bean burrito.  Sharing is caring, don't-cha-know!  Cheesy, black bean goodness with a little kick.  I definitely recommend this one!  This burrito also had quinoa in it.  Between my cups of iced tea, my burrito, chips and whirled peas, I am stuffed!  But not to the point of food coma.  That my friend, is an uncomfortable feeling.  Oy!  No one ever wants to be that full.  So if you're in the mood for something healthy and filling, go to Dandelion Cafe. Enjoy the art on the wall, make convo with people, and have a fun time!  Even if you aren't a vegetarian, this is a great place.  Maybe it'll change your mind.  :)
I've been eating here a couple of years and come here almost every week now that I've moved close by. They have delicious, fresh, healthy food, and amazing teas to choose from! Some of my favorites are the buffalo 66 and the fakin'/lettuce/tomato sandwich. Be sure to get tea of the day with your food (it's free refills), and also, try the garden tonic if it's available.
I wanted to try a local, downtempo venue - so I decided to try out Dandelion after reading on Facebook that they would have live music by a singer with a ukulele. How cute! I ordered the hummus which was pretty good, very garlicky but I would have prefered pita bread or Melba toast in place of celery (I liked the carrots and chips). I also ordered an iced Stay Well Immunity tea which is mostly a peppermint brew and I found it to be very refreshing! I loved the environment and the music was lovely, I felt really comfortable hanging out and reading my Kindle. Later, a friend joined me and we played a board game in the back room. I wish they stayed open a little later, maybe 11pm since we weren't quite ready to call it a night but it's still a great place that I'll visit again.
I seriously have an infatuation with Dandelion. My cousin started taking me here a couple of summers ago when i would come down from Atlanta. It's quite bad because i get the same thing every time i go. Eve's revenge is so amazing. The hummus on the side was amazing. I could cry every time i take a sip of my drink (green garden of eden iced and sweetened) it was so good. I took my friend Savannah here for the first time friday evening and she was honestly shocked that vegetarian/vegan food could be so delicious. Can't wait to move back to O-town and eat here more often.
This business is inside this warm and fuzzy house, I went there last night for their drum circle, it was intriguing! They also had a live band playing inside the little cafe. Me and my friend got some white wine, but we kept saying that we will go back to try their food especially the sweet potato burrito! Warm and fuzzy feeling, I enjoyed the place and would go back again for sure.
I came, I saw, I liked.  The little green house is funky and fun.  Some kool kidz were there for lunch today, along with a few business professionals and just normal schlubs such as I. The black bean burger with blue chips and whirled peas made for a bigger lunch than I had expected.  I sat outdoors in the beautiful sunshine; people were coming and going into the little house with the squeaky door. A fun time.
Just went here for dinner tonight and we had an over all good experience. Since we had never been here before, the cashier was nice about letting us sample the vegan chili (which was really delicious)  and was patient as we asked questions before ordering. The teas are amazing and even though I'm not vegan, I was very satisfied with the food. If I had any critique to give it would be that the benches we sat on were kind of iffy as they creaked and seemed to want to give way when you sat on them. Other then that, I thought this place was pretty amazing; I will definately come back.
We had a late lunch here yesterday. My first  time visit and dining partner's multiple  visit. Now I will admit  to willingly attempting to "sync in" with the hippie groove their decor  has to  offer. It really is a fun and  interesting eclectic  mix of traditional freehand art and  colors. For a detailed person like myself, it is hard to even get past that one-of-a-kind front door! So cool and fun to reopen those rusty file drawers of memories that can so relate with the targeted hippie mindset. Well done Dandelion. We split the "gotta try" sweet potato wrap with blue tortilla chips & hummus, Hibiscus iced tea and the Lemon something-another version. Wow, now at $15 bucks  guys - Dang-  you know, one must rationalize the cost for local organic healthy ( is that redundant?) choices is just that - an expensive choice for a good cause! Which I do believe is worth it ! Yet, I do also reserve my right to rip on it all the same!   I was a bit disappointed  in the staff's indifference after having pushed the agave  sweetener plunger  the 47th  time trying to get the targeted 3 tsp. spoons of sweetener in my Hibiscus  tea. I mean come on HOUSTON  -WE HAVE A PROBLEM!  This is a small space  close to the cash register where two employees  could note my distressful predicament. (okay, perhaps I'm a petty narcissistic dining wussy at times?) Have had similar distress with salt shakers  that only have one not so generous hole. (please allow me to make an adult decision without the kettlebell workouts!) Frankly I was hoping the tea would be delightful enough w/o sweetener, but for me, this fragrant concoction was waaaay too tart for my palate. Once I achieved the correct amount of agave ( and ample kettle bell reps) , it was really great tasting. The resulting flavor oddly complimented the aura  of the restaurant. Unfortunately the lemon something-a-nother' tea , -well, was a "no thanks" in my book. Partner even likened it to having Lemon Pledge overtones with a; why did I do that again finish. (sorry Dandelion) The wrap was tasty and I really liked the overall texture compliment laid out with sweet potato and the generous textured Quinoa. I will admit, I'm one of those freaks that will only tolerate cilantro  in small doses. ( sorry - but hey more on the planet for you) I admire  and actually envy youse who can mega dose on that herb with catnip joy and delight. Thank goodness the warp was mild in that regard  and I could understand why this offering was a do again (for third or fourth time?) for my dining partner. Parking can be a challenge and well, I  did move  my car before the  entree came from the doctors parking lot across the street- (though his office is closed on Saturday) I'm told he pursues  the towing of unauthorized vehicles even on Saturdays. (assumed not a she?) What a piece of work that Dr. must be, or maybe I'm clueless as to  concerns he has / could experienced to feel a need  to ban the lot even when his patients  are not jockeying for a space? Would I go again? Yes , I would give another offering a try tho,  just to venture deeper into their creative geniuses.
There is not one single cafe in Orlando that is like Dandelion. I first encountered Dandelion on my 23rd birthday during my first year as a vegetarian. I went during Vegfest and fell in love with the down-home feel the cafe gives off. The grass-colored restored house that is home to the cafe instantly lifts your mood before you even walk through the doors. The food is delicious! I can't get enough of their Polynesian Banana Fantasy, Eve's Revenge or the Giddy-up. Their teas are perfect! especially my favorite, Sunshine daydreams. You will always catch a group sitting outside on the lawn or benches taking in the sun or having a drum circle. It is a place where Central Florida's earth lovers unite.
I love Dandelion! This is one of my favorite places to have lunch with friends in Orlando. The atmosphere is awesome and the food even better. I have been going to this place for about four years now and am never disappointed. I recommend the Giddy Up wrap, as it's amazing.
After years of talking about it, I finally hit Dandelion Communitea for lunch today and was not disappointed.  I am new to the gluten free diet and it's hard to find places for a good, healthy lunch.  If you are GF or vegan, organic loving, or just into good food at reasonable prices, this is a good place for you. I had the Giddy Up (as a salad not a wrap) with a side of hummus and the tea of the day.  Everything was fresh made and delicious.  They even have agave nectar as a sweetner for the tea. Parking is a bit of a challenge during prime lunch hour, and it may be hard to get a table, so wait until after 1 or go early.  Prices are good, but not amazing.  I think my salad was $8 or $9, which came with a side item.  The portions are plenty big to share. They also have daily specials which are worth checking out because they are super affordable.
I had been told I needed to go to this place, for like, ever.  Especially considering my celebration of vegan Mondays. I thought the place was cool.  Garden out front, people sitting around enjoying a balmy warm night.  The place is a house.  Like not a converted house but a real and actual house.  The only difference is tables replace bedroom furniture.  There is a even a couch in one of the rooms for chilling on. This place is veggie/vegan heaven.  The food is really good.  I had a wrap, it made me quite happy, the texture was good and the flavors were robust.  They even offer gluten free options, which is amazing.  Their tea is SO tasty, and there are so many options.  I also really enjoy that they offer beer. Draw back: I love veggie happy hippy love.   My non veggie friends found everything far too "crunchie".  So while I, personally, love this place, it is def for the more adventurous.
Dandelion is finally proof that Vegan food doesn't have to be bland and tasteless. It's also finally proof that vegan restaurants don't have to be run by snobs who are too awesome to talk to you because you're not one of them. It's a cute little cafe hidden off of 50. There's a tiny little parking lot, but you're better off parking across the street. That is, if you're unhip enough to be driving a car in the first place. The menu is pretty extensive with some really good sounding items and drinks - particularly teas. The cashier helped guide my wife to the perfect tea based on her preferences. We were only stopping in for a small snack/lunch, so we decided to follow the advice of my wife's co-worker and split an order of the vegan nachos and a little cupcake as a dessert. The aforementioned co-worker told us that he and his girlfriend split an order of nachos regularly - and that they were always full afterwards. Well, apparently, they have stomachs the size of peas, because this was not a big plate of nachos. This isn't to say it wasn't good - it was surprisingly tasty, but even only wanting a small meal, we were still left hungry. Good, but expensive at about $7 for it. The cupcake was heads and shoulders above the vegan cupcake we had at another vegan bakery just down the street. Not exactly "light and fluffy", but light enough and sweet enough to satisfy. I'm not exactly a fan of vegan food, but I'm looking forward to trying more of theirs. *Edit* Went back in for an actual lunch. Wife and I both had salads. They're good - but WAAAY expensive at about $8.50-9 each. Lunch cost $22 after drinks and tax. We cooked and ate two filet mignons (from Publix) and side items that same night for less money.
Die hard meat eater, but I actually enjoy this place on occasion. Hummus is the best, and Black bean burrito is good. UPDATE - - - Had to bump this up to four stars after trying the vegetarian chili and the grilled cheese. Not an every day place for me, but definitely a winner.
I really enjoyed coming here. The atmosphere was eclectic and funky, and the employees were very friendly and helpful. I ordered the hummus and it was amazingly delicious, the carrots were crisp and super fresh. I got one of their wraps and it was phenomenal. I had the house tea of the day with hemp milk and the boysenberry and blackberry elixir and both were refreshing and delectable. Upon leaving I was inquiring as to a tea on their menu (asking whether they sold it on premises) and they no longer carry it, BUT she did take the time to find me the contact information of the lady who does and I really appreciated it. Even my meat loving counterparts were blown away, so this place is definitely tops. P.S. TRY THE COOKIES!
You would think seeing a bright green house-like structure in a random location would be somewhat of an eye sore, but surprisingly it's not. Normally, I would think a place of this was tacky and refuse to step foot inside, but there's a certain charm and vibrant character that makes Dandelion Communitea Cafe seem fitting and welcoming at the same time. This small house turned restaurant and tea room does not serve meet at all, in any form, which is a nice change from the many other eateries in town. Now don't get me wrong, I love all things meat, but every once and awhile it's nice to have something different that is colorful and healthy. In fact, it's also one of the few restaurants in Central Florida where many of the items are or can be vegan minus a bit of cheese. I love the random interior and exterior decor of this place. The outside looks as if a kid used the house as his color book and went nuts. The inside is a conundrum of mis-matched tables and chairs all painted in fun, bright colors. On each table is a small pail or cup filled with mismatched silverware. The walls are fill with all kinds of paintings and pictures which compliments that random hue of colors on the walls and even the floor. Their food is equally as bright and oh so tasty. The bulk of their menu is salads and wraps. Their chili is my favorite along with their hummus and those fun, flax seed crackers they serve along side. If you have little ones, there are a few items they would for sure enjoy....such as the almond butter and rice mallow sandwich (its similar to marshmallow fluff) which is melt-in-your mouth delicious. You must try one of their many teas as well, all sounds amazingly yummy...and those that I've tried were. The people who work there are all very friendly and the customer service is excellent. Their prices aren't bad. You can easily get a meal for less than $10 depending on what you order of course. Portions are decent, but probably not enough to take home for seconds. And they do serve beer and wine as well. At least once a month they have a drum circle which always reels in a ton of people. I personally have never been, but it looks and sounds fun. The only downside is that parking is extremely limited and when stuff like this goes its a nightmare...I typically avoid the area on these nights. Just before Thanksgiving they usually have a night when they serve a meat-free tofurkey meal. I went last year and it wasn't bad. I'm not a fan of the fake turkey, but everything else was quite yummy. Overall...DO IT!
I finally got to use my Groupon here...have been waiting to try it, literally for MONTHS (before I even bought my Groupon) but was putting it off because of the location...it is kind of a pilgrimage from my neck of the woods in Lake Nona, after all!  DESPITE that, I have to say, after today's visit, I am lamenting the fact that I didn't try it sooner, as we are moving out of Florida soon!! I was quite sure before arriving that I wanted to try one of the salads, and sure enough, I ordered the crowd favorite, the Giddyup salad = super yummy mixed greens topped with their famous chili and vegan queso!  Like a nacho salad, really!  I loved the intermingling of flavors!! For a beverage, I tried the buttercup rooibos iced tea (it was the tea of the day) and am not gonna lie - I took advantage of those unlimited refills and had THREE! Lastly...I was definitely smitten with the dessert display and ordered up a fantastic raspberry brownie.  Honestly, I could have devoured a whole pan!  AMAZING! On top of all this savory culinary amazingness, the atmosphere was really neat.  I love the home-y feeling and even though I *did* get kind of lost driving there, I am glad that I finally made it there!  The employees were also super friendly!  I recommend it to anyone looking for a great new place with tasty food and wonderful atmosphere.
I am not vegan, I am not vegetarian. I still really enjoy this place. The house is an adorable wooden bungalow, and while the dining space can be cramped, I don't mind because it's decorated so crafty. You can see the garden through the windows and there is something exciting about knowing you are eating portions of your meal from that little till of dirt outside. I've had a few different meals here but the Eve's revenge wrap is what stands out the most. The tea is AWESOME, some of the best selection in Orlando. They carry a great Assam and Silver Needle. I would always buy some loose to take home. I've also had some pretty good tonic drinks whipped up by herbalists, I'm not sure if it aligned my chi, but it tasted interesting. I also purchased one of my favorite mugs here, has a pretty dandelion printed in blue on a white glaze, I use it weekly. Coming to Dandelion means you're eating healthy, supporting local businesses and local suppliers while respecting the earth. A meal that sends out positive vibes.
Look, you probably know the basics already: Adorable, earth-friendly, delicious vegetarian AND vegan options galore, and more teas than you can shake a health-conscious stick at. You don't need me to go into all of that again. What you want, I'm betting, is an idea of the experience. Well, here goes. Dandelion is somehow in a little world of its own; just off of crazy-busy downtown Colonial, it broadcasts an aura of gentle relaxation in a 50-foot radius. Good vibes, if you will. You order up at the counter, surrounded by vegan baked goodies and various specials. I recommend the chili, but you really can't go wrong with anything there. They'll give you a number, and you'll take it to one of the many unique tables in the house, the picnic tables outside, or even the little couches they have in one of the back rooms. Eventually, your food will arrive, and it will be crisp, tasty, and refreshingly wholesome. This is the standard Dandelion experience. If you've got even a hint of hippie-tinted curiosity, you'll likely enjoy it. I know I do.
If youre hungry. And you want FRESH and awesome. Go here. I always get the FLT (Fakin' Lettuce and Tomatoe) It has tempeh. Tempeh is godly. And awesome. And Dandy's is organic, and from FL, too! :D It's an amazing sandwich. JUST STELLAR. I kinda want one again now. I just had one earlier today. I think I'm obsessing again... So yes, their tea is awesome as well! They have a GIDDY UP--and it's cheaper on Mondays. I'm not telling you whats in it. Its magical. I also recommend this. And.. oh... Happy Hour from 4-7 pm = $5 appetizers!!
Never knew this place was here! Came with a group that comes here often.  they said it was good, so we had to check it out!  That and half the folks were vegetarians. I'll describe the place as "rustic" and relaxed.   Good selection of beer, soft drinks and teas.  The menu is reasonable.  I had the salad "Eve's Revenge" and it was good. Would I go back?  Yes.   Do I plan on going back?  No, not a vegetarian, and it's not in my part of town.  Nothing against the place, just not convenient for me. Check it out if you like vegetarian.
Awesome food and friendly people. The hummus was amazing, and the sweet potato bowl with cilantro dressing was really good.  Chili was also great.  The bbq tempeh dish was just ok.   I enjoyed a chakra balancing tea which was unusual and delicious.   We also got a maple expresso gluten free cupcake, but it was just ok.   The vegan and gluten free selection was great and we all really enjoyed eating here.  They were very accommodating with food allergies, whipping out the ingredient lists of various items to check.   The only thing I didn't like was that when I ordered broccoli on my quinoa, the broccoli showed up raw, which the menu didn't say anywhere.  I assumed that broccoli would be served steamed so I was a little disappointed.  However, this was a minor disappointment and I would definitely try to stop here when in the area again.
Great place to eat. So refreshing and Ive never left disappointed. Awesome moon circles every full moon. Definitely need to experience it on a full moon night, such positive energy.
When I eat at Dandelion Cafe, I'm really walking into an old book on Vagabonds and Gardeners, a short film on things that matter more than things that make money. I once took a friend of mine, a butcher and a head chef to Dandelion, and prior to our going there he had his doubts. After our lunch, I remember him saying something along the lines of, "Wow, I'm humbled, full, and pleased beyond belief." Best humus in Orlando. The Chili is ridiculous. As in, incredible. My personal favorite is the Giddyup in a wrap. And as others have noted. Get the green goddess dressing. Other favorites... Sweet Potatoe Burrito and any meal with quinoa. Thirsty? Get the tea of the day! And check out the Piano room in the back.
Always hits the spot! Great food, great tea, great vibe. The chili and the hummus side is a must Everytime I visit.
Hands down my favorite place to eat in Central Florida. Extremely plant based diet friendly and awesome staff!
All I can say is GIDDYUP SALAD and GREEN GODDESS DRESSING! If I am ever feeling down and out, I can totally count on this to bring me back from the dead : ) Their teas are also VERY good--I drink about a gallon of tea every time I go there with tons of agave nectar in it. I know it's probably too much agave nectar, but it's nice to enjoy the sweeter things in life some times. The Summer Rolls are excellent if you want to eat something light and quick; and if you want to share their queso is amazing! (but usually too much for 1-2 people to eat plus an entree item; best to share with 3 or more!) Love this place! Also got a bunch of tea for friends and relatives from here for the holidays--and we often stayed after dinner to enjoy poetry readings, listen to drum circle, and other community events! Oh, someone also sells herbs there, but we couldn't figure out who : ) How funny!
GIDDY UP! Dandelion is a wonderful spot for a nice lunch or even just a drink and good conversation.  Their menu consist of vegan dishes with vegetarian options for dairy cheese.   I've only ever had their Giddy Up, wrap style, which is vegan chili wrapped with field greens, vegan cheese, and Goddess dressing.  It's served with whirled peas (pea hummus, crazy good), hummus, or .. I forget, haha.  But the peas are the best, so just order that!  The food is always delicious and filling and the people, both working there and patroning, are friendly and welcoming.  It can get pretty busy, but most people are good with sharing tables and making it feel like a real community.
I love the setting, the converted house does make the place feel homy and comfortable. Their tea and elixir selection is excellent. My only issue with this place is the food. I think its ok and way too overpriced for dishes that are purely vegetarian. Nice place to catch a band playing or attend some event or the other.
Quick tip.  I hijacked some WiFi here.  I m on it now. FREE THE WEB!!!
When Land-a-Dyin' first opened, it was awesome. Then the hyper-pretentious hippiecrits descended... now hubris runneth over. Waaaaaay overpriced for the lack of quality AND quantity of food you get. Not sure if they finally made the switch to local produce, but that should've been the case from the get-go. There may be waitstaff, there may not be waitstaff. Beware the take away... you get more packaging than food. Environmentally conscious only in theory. Save your time and money... head to another vego place.
I made a fatal mistake today. I did not go to Communitea for lunch. This place is a little bit of veggie heaven. I used to live in Asheville, NC and Communitea is a bit of a home away from home. The service is always superb. My recommendations include: The Giddyup in a wrap, hummus and crackers with their special Thai dressing, and a peach spritzer. Yummy place!
Healthy, local, welcoming = Dandelion! This vegetarian/vegan mainstay is a fantastic place to get a feel-good meal. The atmosphere is sunny and the people are nice. It's a house converted into an eatery which makes a nice comfortable setting. Eat indoors or outside at a table or in the garden. Today I had the black bean burrito special with vegan queso (not bad!) and blue chips. $8.50. The burrito was pressed and filled with quinoa, organic diary cheese, chipotle lime salsa and vegetables. It was quite good! The chili is also very good here. Many people talk about the Giddy Up and the Bean Here, Done That. I think I've had the latter before, but I'm not sure. Some people say the food is so-so. I think they're so used to sugar, excessive salt and butter in their food from other places that a natural and healthy alternative seems less flavorful. That said, because there are a few Mexican-inspired items on the menu, I would like to see bottle or 2 of hot sauce available. That'd still be in line with their healthy concept. There are many teas and beers for you to choose from if you're inclined. Occasionally there is live music too. I'm not vegetarian, but I like to come here now and then. It's a good place to reset your diet!
I haven't even eaten here yet, but the couple of times I've been here I still love it.  I'm a fan of tea, and they do it right.  They have a couple of iced teas of the day, perfect for the warm 355 days of the year here in Orlando, in addition to all of the other hot and iced tea options behind the counter. A small, intimate setting means that at times you might find a line out the door waiting to put in an order at the counter, but no matter.  The wait isn't long and there's plenty to look at.  It's the kind of place that makes you want to drop everything, quit your boring job and open up a place just like it somewhere. Outdoor seating is the way to go when the weather is nice.  It's open and relaxing out front, and with one of those delicious iced teas in your hand it makes you feel better about your day. :)
I had never been to the Dandelion but have been told of its goodness from fellow coworkers.  A favorite artist was going to be playing there so I decided to check out the Dandelion while enjoying some tunes of Tom Goss. I really did not know what to expect from the place and since I really only came to see Mr. Goss, I was not going to eat there but I did have a beer.  They had a large selection of organic beers and I settled on one of my favorites from the Orlando Brewing company.... besides... it was on tap! I took a seat in the corner of the main room and enjoyed the evening.  I did meet a few friends who come here all the time and the food that they had looked great!  Hopefully next time, I will order something to try out the food! I will say that the staff seemed happy and friendly even when they were rushed by all the people coming for the music. Atmosphere = 8 Service = 8 Food = ... (well the beer was good) Enjoy!
This is a good, typical vegetarian place I think.   The sweet potato burrito was a bit bland for my taste, they could have seasoned the sweet potato with a little bit of salt to make it taste better.  It was stuffed inside wtih quinoa and corn with a curry dressing (normally it's a ginger cilantro dressing but I don't like cilantro!)- I only ate half of a burrito since they're generous with their stuffing.  Their ice mango citrus tea was OK too. Their chocolate chip cookie (not as crispy or chewy as I would like), and two cupcakes (Maple bean and Toasted coconut) were just OK- the toasted coconut was pretty tasty but the maple bean (as in coffee bean) tasted like mashed, burnt beans rubbed on top of cake.  Their brownie was just OK too, tasted like a brown, chocolate cake to me, not the rich, fudgy brownie that normally distinguishes a brownie from something else.
Someone please teleport me to Orlando, Florida so I can go back to Dandelion again. Something in me wants to rave about how amazing this place is, especially in comparison to my other favorite teahouse/cafe Specialtea (in Miami) but..... something in me also wants me to check whether it's me and not you. I love tea. I love coffee. I love hipster, earthy, supercool places like this. Blue hair, nose piercings, ripped tights, funny hats, live music, tight jeans on the dudes, yes yes and yes - you will find all these and more here. If this is how you roll, then you will like Dandelion. Oh and don't get me started on the food. If you haven't had meat in ages and you practically are made of soy and tofu, you'll love this place even more, however, probably not more than me. They make crazy yet delicious concoctions of veggie protein and such in burritos, dips, and sandwiches. Try the whirled green peas, like guacamole but better. The hummus and chips are damn good too. The buffalo burrito, not my fave. The blackbean and taco style burritos, the names are way cooler I promise, are amazing and worth a try. I tried saving half of my meal but couldn't do it. It was too good. And I went back for seconds on their tea of the day. They have simple syrup, agave, yay and more yay. What more can you ask for? Oh yeah - cupcakes, cookies, and sweets. Don't stop without a marzipan cupcake. If you've ever wanted to feel what it's like to visit a commune, kinda like on Wanderlust, where everyone isn't running around naked but everyone is kinda a hippy, then stop at this sunflower of a place.
From the moment i stepped into this place i loved it. I consider myself a nutritarian. You can visit my website at LifeDevelopmentCenter.org. To sum it up, this place has great food, great drinks, great teas, great service and a great feel. +10!!!
A great little vegetarian/vegan cafe with a homey feel. The cafe lives in an old bungalow that has been converted into a unique restaurant with a hippie flair. Local artwork adorns the walls, cloth and christmas lights adorn some ceilings, and the furniture is artfully mismatched. In spite of the hip atmosphere, the staff is incredibly friendly and welcoming to the newcomer. YOU ORDER AT THE COUNTER. I can't overstate this point--I watched several groups wander past the counter into one of the intimate dining rooms, only to sheepishly reemerge 15 minutes later! Dandelion features an array of vegetarian and vegan food. I sampled the vegan chili, which was spicy and featured fresh corn, a bean wrap with a clever name that escapes me, and the Happy Hempy Hummus--topped with hemp seeds, as the name would suggest. In addition to food, they feature a large selection of organic and herbal teas, herbal "elixers" and craft beers. They serve a couple brews from Orlando's own brewery, Orlando Brewing, so yay local! The prices are moderate for the quality and portions ($3 for soup, $8 for a sandwich). This is the sort of place I would be happy to drop into any time of the day, for a meal or just to relax.
I absolutely adore this place! Almost every time I go, I order the giddyup as a salad. I love it! As well as the awesome food, I always have such friendly experiences there. I can't wait to return next week. 2 thumbs way uppp
Our first impression of Dandelion was how much it reminded us of a local coffee place back in Tampa.  Personally I love the atmosphere of a place that's run out of an old house.  Unfortunately, this also means that if you're eating when people who like to talk loudly are around that you're going to be able to hear everything they're saying and less of what your spouse/friend is saying.  Not the fault of the restaurant, but keep it in mind if you're going during a peak time. Our friend recommended the vegan queso from here and it did not disappoint.  I had the macho nachos, which were covered in said queso, vegan chili, and assorted vegetables.  They were very delicious, and I think the portion sizes here are just right personally.  I did manage to finish the whole order, but I was extremely full.  Of course, I'm sure the giant mug of Awesome Assam (their name, not mine) helped with that too.  And by the way, it too was awesome.   It had the malty freshness of a tea that hasn't been sitting in a jar for months before being served to you. My wife did the create-your-own quinoa bowl and they allow you to mix and match various veggies and beans and pick which dressing you put on it.  She did some chickpeas and veggies and tried the curry sauce, which ended up being sweeter than I was expecting and really good.  It also came with a side of French onion soup.  Since it too was vegan, it was missing the obligatory melty cheese on top, but consequently we also didn't blister our mouths on molten soup.  Overall it was very good, though just not the same without the cheese. I have to agree that this place is a few dollars too pricey, but considering the wide variety of veg/vegan choices you have and the quality of what I tried, I think it's well worth it.  Add on the fact that they're open until 10pm and I see return trips in your future.   Oh, and the cupcakes we tried are hit or miss.  My carrot cake was good, but the icing is almost overwhelming sweet!  Stick to the tea for your after dinner aperitif.
Dandelion CommuniTEA cafe is a big green house that has been converted into a funky organic cafe. They have a great selection of organic loose leaf tea with great names like 'Touch of Earl Gray' and 'moRockin' Mint'. As well as, an all organic vegetarian menu, with some items which can be made vegan. I highly recommend the 'Happy Hempy Hummus'  which is topped with hemp seeds and served with carrots, celery, and these AWESOME flax crackers with sunflower seeds. If youre looking for something heady try one of the Elixir herbal tonics! Check out there website and learn about there  events, drum circles, and classes. Also, about the community that is being build in OURlando!
I've been coming to this place since it opened 5 or so years ago, and it's still my favorite. Plenty of teas and beers to keep you busy, as well as great vegan meals. Everything I've tried has been great (aside from their spring rolls) but I usually get the chili. As for tea, their yerba mates are to die for. Seating inside is increasingly limited, as this place is hardly a secret anymore, but there is always additional outside.
I love Dandelion Cafe! The interior is adorable and fun, with local art hanging on the walls and a colorful hodgepodge of furniture. I ordered the Happy Hempy Hummus and the Eve's Revenge Salad. Both were heaven in my mouth! Though the tea I ordered turned out a little bit bitter, I'll consider that one a fluke, since so many people are loving this tea. I really appreciate that they have both a non-dairy and a dairy option, since I've never really liked non-dairy cheese. For vegans, vegetarians, and girly eaters alike, this is definitely a place to eat!
CON: -  If you're a meat-eating, gluten-eating, non-organic person like me, then the food itself is probably too expensive for the size portions and the taste isn't spectacular enough for the price. However, there are more affordable food specials on weekdays. PROS: - Drum circles every new moon and full moon. - Live folk music on the last Wednesday of each month. The decor is definitely suited for that kind of music. - Poetry events every Tuesday. - The employees let you hang out all day long. Heck, they encourage it. There's free Wi-Fi and one of the rooms has boardgames. You can also enjoy the rotating artwork, which is sometimes available in art book form (When it is, they write about it on their Facebook). - There's a meditation garden and sometimes they sell fresh local produce. - Every day there are two quality iced tea specials. Those have unlimited free refills. There are also extensive hot tea options. WHAT I'VE TRIED THERE: - (These are all vegan.) I ate a double chocolate cupcake (The cupcakes are made by Raphsodic Bakery.), nacho cheese ("queso") with organic blue corn chips, a fluffer nutter, and hummus with organic blue corn chips and veggies (Happy Hempy Hummus). The best was by far the cheese. The cupcake had either too much baking soda or baking powder, though it was edible. - I drank the hot teas Root Chakra, Green Garden of Eden, and Touch of Grey Lavender and the iced tea Lemony Snicket (a black tea). They were great, but one shot of agave nectar isn't nearly enough for the lavender tea because the bergamot is so strong. Try three shots!
Quaint little vegetarian restaurant slash tea house just east of downtown. Dandelion is the lighter earthy, summery answer to Ethos' comfort food.   I had an Eve's Revenge wrap: seasonal apples, feta cheese, walnuts, red onion and raisins on spring greens with Balsamic Razzmania vinaigrette.  It was a wonderful mash-up of flavor and texture; the apples and walnuts add crunch and the sweetness of the raisins balance out the tartness of the apples and bite of the cheese.  The dressing tops it off perfectly. They have an impressive selection of teas, although mostly White, Green, and Herbal.  There wasn't quite as large of a selection for someone who likes VERY strong black tea. To echo other reviewers, it's no joke-- their hummus is the best in Orlando, hands down. Parking can be a pain if it's a busy time of day, but there is ample street parking and other lots near by if you don't mind walking a little.
One of my absolute favorite places to eat in Orlando.  They are so vegan/GF friendly that they even sell Rhapsody Bakery cupcakes at the register!  I love the huge tea selection and they even make specialty drinks- like the vegan chocolate mint mocha, mmmm- you get to choose which milk substitute they use. My favorite dish is the sweet potato burrito, but I get it vegan-style (just minus the tortilla).  I always order a side of hummus with their tortilla chips, but the queso is also great with tortilla chips.  I would also recommend trying their goddess sauce. There is almost always live music when we come for dinner, the wait isn't too long in my opinion- you are getting slow-cooked food, with quality, nutrient-dense ingredients.  Worth the wait! I also like the rotating local artist display- always interesting to look at while chowing down.  My husband and I love to play board games and we'll probably come by with a group some time to use the back room. My husband and I just moved here from the bay area, CA and we're a little homesick!  This is the one restaurant in Orlando that makes us feel like we have momentarily teleported back to Berkeley for the evening.
When I worked downtown I would often come here for lunch. On a stressful day the tea selection brought me much joy. My favoriate meal is the Giddyup wrap. I'm not vegetarian but I've never missed the meat eating here. This place is charming, comfortable and warm.
Located in a converted house in Eola Heights, Dandelion is a delicious, crunchy, bohemian palace of vegetarian goodness.  With picnic tables for outside dining and a beautiful little garden across the drive way, this is the perfect place to get your hippie on.   Try the "Happy Hempy Hummus" and a bowl of veggie chili as starters.  My absolute favorite is the "Abundant Harvest" wrap.  It has loads of yummy veggies and beans.  It comes with a green goddess dressing drizzled inside but i prefer it with their curry dressing and feta crumbles.  Yum!!  They also have several loose teas, organic beers and wine and many other delicious menu items. Go, go now!
Stop by for healthy, natural, organic, and non-GMO food. An eco friendly business that will practice what they preach. They compost, have a herb garden, and one night I visited, they were even plastering the walls with natural clay! If it's your first time visiting & you're not sure what to order, I'd recommend their Hearty Chili and the Giddyup wrap. The hummus is so good! I never have room for desert so I can't personally recommend anything there... Organic teas and coffee is available which you sweeten to taste with agave nectar. Seating can be limited depending on the time of day, but shouldn't be a problem if you don't mind sharing tables. They always have something going on from markets, spoken word, live music etc.
There are obviously a milliondy (yes, I'm being hyperbolic and making up my own words) other reviews for Dandelion, and this will prove to be yet another one of those positive reviews. However, I will differentiate my review for you by reviewing the TRUE reason I always return here: the Sweet Potato Burrito. I have been visiting Dandelion since the early 2000s. (Is that right? Was that when it was opened? Better yet, am I really that old?) At any rate, I've been a long-time fan of the vegan Fluffer Nutter sandwich. Moreover, what I really love is any dish that has quinoa in it. And the Sweet Potato Burrito is no different. The burrito combines sweet potatoes with quinoa, carrots, corn, and onions. Also, the greatest part is the "ginger cilantro sauce of divinity." (Their words, not mine. Though, I do echo those sentiments). All of this is wrapped up in a whole wheat tortilla...or drop the tortilla and put it in a bowl to avoid gluten. This is served with blue corn tortilla chips and your choice of a dip. I recommend the whirled peas. Great pun, eh? Do yourself a favor and try it. It's so good, that I stop by pretty much every Sunday.
When I first read about this place, I assumed that it was a tea shop that offers a few vegan pastries. Further research helped me to see that this place is a full-on restaurant! While visiting Orlando, (on my 30th birthday), grandma and grandpa joined me for a vegan dinner at the Dandelion Communitea Cafe. We all LOVED it. Maybe some of the best vegan food I've ever had..... However, I did NOT love the cupcakes they sell (made by Raphsodic Bakery) -they were way too sweet & sugary. I wasn't a fan of the frosting.
Awesome food and combinations. Great tea. Love that it's not automatically sweet and it tastes like fresh brewed herbal tea I make at home. You can add sweatener if you want and they have a 'Tea of The Day", which is what I normally get because you get free refills. There is a little outside area to sit and twice a month there is a drum circle that meets. I highly suggest it. This is a cute little place with a great atmosphere. :)
Love this place! It has a very laid back feel with very friendly staff. The music and overall mood make you immediately feel comfortable and as though you are surrounded by friends. Their menu includes delicious vegetarian and vegan sandwiches, wraps, entree bowls, salads, and soups in addition to their great beverage selection.  The dishes can be tailored to your tastes, as they offer many "make your own" options.  Everything tasted very fresh and was reasonably priced.  There are indoor and outdoor seating options, and they also have live entertainment (check the schedule), local art, and daily specials.
I love this place. The black bean burrito has been on my mind for weeks! If you're looking for a great healthy and fresh place to eat, this is it.
After getting the fabulous Groupon vouchers , my husband and I finally made our way to try it out. I had meal of quinoa with beans and veggies & vegetarian chili (SOOO GOOD) and an iced tea of the day. Hubby had the black bean quesdillas and an iced tea of the day (black raspberry I believe) We got there at 1pm on a weekday and the place was very popular. It's literally a brightly colored house, where the places to sit are in different rooms. Despite the heavy traffic ordering we found it fairly easy to find a spot to sit. One thing I wasnt ready for was to order at the counter before taking a seat. So, all I did was take a menu to the table with me where Hubby and I talked about what we wanted to order. Will most definitely frequent again. :)
My husband and I recently stopped by for lunch.  The setup is pretty neat with indoor or outside seating.  Decorations are somewhat eclectic and it works.  The staff was friendly which came to good use. I had the black bean burrito which included quinoa and it was delicious!  My husband order the sweet potato burrito and he was very happy with it.  To top it all off I had a chocolate hysteria cupcake and went straight to heaven!  The portion size they offer is generous, but not overdone.   I really enjoyed supporting a local business, especially one that provides such a variety of healthy vegetarian/vegan options.  We will be back sooner then later.
The place is kitchy and cute. Great tea selection. We had some Vegan wraps that were out of this world good. They have a small garden and I saw one of the chefs leave the kitche, go outside, and come back in with kale. Talk about FRESH! I would definitely go back. Great place to stop after a yoga class at the studio across the street.
You should eat here every Monday 5 dollar Giddy Up Wrap! GIMME THAT WRAP!!!!!!!!! The Tea is so good, i prefer the fruity shit over the tart shit but they got both so do not stress. The food has always been good but the set up used to be kinda weird but now they got their house in order and things are running super smooth. The people are nice and the food is quick but annoyingly quick. You can sip down your tea a little bit to make sure your able to get a free refill before you leave
One of my favorite places in Orlando!  I don't get to make it here as often as I'd like and when I do I can't pass up the hummus and the tea of the day - whatever it is, it's always amazing.   Newest favorite: the Sunshine Mimosas.  Lovely. Keep up the good work, guys!
Great teas, fantastic main dishes that comes either as a wrap or in a salad bowl, and vegan cupcakes that are KILLER!! The homey atmosphere is where its at. Everything is  artsy and painted by local artists. I love the holistic feel of the garden, where herbs grow and crystals live, and drum circles a-plenty over many (full) moons. One of my fave places in town :)
I'm not a vegetarian but I love the food here.  My favorite is the Fluffer Nutter sandwhich.  The tea selection is pretty awesome too.   A lot of the building is painted by local Orlando artist Morgan Steel, who I adore.  The husband and I ended up buying one of his paintings there.
My favorite place to eat downtown.  I'm a vegan but I've taken my friends who aren't and they love it.  Everyone there is nice and the energy is great.  I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a better and healthier option than normal fast food.
This is my home away from home in Orlando. I LOVE a good yoga practice @ Shine On across the street and filling up on some hippie grub at Dandelion. EVERYTHING is organic, healthy, delicious. My favorite? The Machos Libre nachos: vegan queso and chili with tempeh smothering organic blue corn (?) chips. SO, so so delicious...I get cravings for these bad boys at least once a week. Add a little rooster Sriracha sauce and you have heaven on a plate. Wash it down with whatever organic iced teas they have on tap like rooibos or green. Finish it all off with a vegan cupcake and sit back to relax in the garden, which is courtesy of Henry @ My Yard Farms. Such a good, earthy, soulful cafe. :-)
I recently moved to Thornton Park and have already been to Dandelion a handful of times. They offer healthy, tasty food at an inexpensive price. Their tea is excellent and they have a wide variety of teas to choose from (literally, there is a menu dedicated to tea and it all sounds awesome). They have some tasty items on the menu like the Fluffer Nutter, Facon Lettuce & Tomato; they always have a tasty desert (cupcake or cookie of some sort). My only complaint would be the selection of food items on the menu, not that they weren't good, but that there aren't enough choices. The atmosphere is awesome with local artwork on display. They have a nice down-to-earth/mom and pop feel with local artwork on display and a lounge area with sofas, board games and an upright (albeit out of tune) piano amongst the dining sections. The employees have always been friendly and helpful. They seem to really get along, which helps make Dandelion such a great place to get a bite.
(You don't have to read my prelude.  I'm just trying to establish how much of an idiot I am, so other idiots aren't scared away from a good eatery. For the life of me, I could never understand where this place was, since people always gave me bad directions.  I totally found it by accident one day, though, trying to bypass the Mills/Colonial intersection.  Here; I'll make it easy on the folks who don't use maps devoutly: it's the last street going south, before you hit Mills, when you're traveling eastbound on Colonial. (You can start below, if you're in a hurry, or have a good sense of when to use a map...) Now that we're past that, the food's great.  I've had about half the stuff on the menu so far, and it's all a joy to sink into my belly.  I try to write reviews of places that really speak to me as a hungry guy wandering about town, and Dendelion qualifies by all means.
I finally made it out to Dandelion Cafe last night for some dinner! My husband and I are trying to live a healthier lifestyle and try and incorporate more whole and healthy foods into our diet, so we figured Dandelion was a great idea for a meal! My first impression was, "Wow this a cool looking place." It's trendy and adorable, with colorful hand-painted furniture and a colorful green exterior. The two girls working were extremely friendly and gave us some suggestions because it was our first time there. They recommended the vegan nachos: Black corn tortilla chips, guacamole, black beans, cheese, salsa and their signature queso (which is actually made from peanuts but tastes EXACTLY like the real thing). My husband and I devoured them. We also had the "Bean There Done That," which is available as a salad served over field greens OR as a wrap. We had the salad and it was delicious! We both tried their Teas of the Day: Hibiscus Flower and Moroccan Mint. Both were excellent when mixed with a little bit of the Agave Nectar that they had available. On our way out we were invited to join in the Full Moon Drum Circle event that they had going next to the restaurant. There was a bunch of people gathered around a fire and playing instruments. Everyone was so friendly that we decided we're definitely going back to give it a try. The staff was attentive and welcoming and I loved the food! We will definitely be back.
One of my favorite places in Orlando; it is great for a vegetarian/vegan or tea lover.  I always get the Buffalo 66 as a salad and it is delicious.  The humus is fantastic.  The food lacks consistency (depending on which person makes your dish I guess) but overall it is a great place to eat.
An old home, 'well' taken care of, and full of earth loving earthlings. Vegetarian galore, and homemade everything. Organic, local, and they serve BEER. DONE.
Best veggie chili...hands down.  Awesome specials like carrot, squash, & ginger soup that is freakin amazing.  Hummus is great.  Even if you're not a vegetarian, this place is yummy.  Wonderful things they do for the community.
One of the most uniquely awesome places in all of Orlando. Great vegetarian and vegan food served in creative ways and all of it housed in a converted old house complete with custom chairs, art adorning the walls and a community garden outside. They tout their tea, which I've yet to try. I will someday. Love this place.
I just moved from Orlando and I will REALLY miss this place. They have the BEST veggie chili I've ever had anywhere! The menu is always enticing and the place is adorable. Very cozy atmosphere, dog friendly outside seating, incredible food. I always get the iced tea of the day and have never been disappointed. I'll definitely be stopping in on my trips back into town!
Had a nice first experience. Sat on a comfy couch and had a sweet potato burrito that was pretty good. They have a lot of Tea if that is your bag, and it's free with food one day a week if memory serves me well. I think they might serve all vegan, or at least mostly... Last visit, however, totally sucked. I know they're better, but we sat in an empty restaurant for about a half an hour waiting for our food. A shitload of to go orders went out, but when you have those stacking up, give restaurant patrons a break. I left a tip on the check pre-food, but want it back, along with the whole damn check. We finally had to leave and wait to get to go, as my baby had to get to work. I had to drive with a cup of soup warming my balls in my car where food is a no-no, and I did my best to take that in stride. Lesson learned, call in your order, but it's bullshit that you have to. Only giving four stars in hopes that they'll be better, and I'm reviewing partially for my girly, and she loves them. If you're reading, don't let that crap happen again. That's crappy service!
Been wanting to check this place out for a while, and I'm so glad I finally did. I went for lunch today and had a DIY wrap. I got to the dressings part and asked which were vegan; I knew this place was vegan-friendly, but I didn't realise almost everything on the menu was vegan... awesome! The tea was great, and my wrap was delicious. The staff was very friendly, upbeat, and cheery. The girl that took my order kindly chit chatted with me about my day while we were trying to find out if something I wanted contained an allergen of mine; heck of a lot better than standing in silence like most places. I really like the vibe and atmosphere of this place to top it all off. Overall a great A+ place!
I love this place! Their teas are excellent and they have a lot of different types. They can also set you up with your own natural tea brewing kit. That's what's up. It seemed like, no matter what my ailment was, I could go to Dandelion and they'd fix me up with a tea that would counter those ailments. Not to mention they sweeten it with agave nectar, which offers a distinct syrupy flavor to the tea. They also offer natural, organic, and non-GMO food. Plus, it's all vegetarian and/or vegan! I've had just about everything on the menu and there really isn't a complaint. It just depends on what you're in the mood for. For my money, the Fakin' (I believe it is some sort of bacon flavored tempeh) Lettuce & Tomato sandwich w/ a hummus and chips is tough to beat. The Fluffer Nutter is also quite amazing! The vegetarian chilli is probably the best I've had. And their fruit is always fresh and in season. That atmosphere and friendliness of the staff might be the best part of this place. It is inviting and relaxing. There are spaces with tables for dining. There are also spaces with sofas and board games for relaxing. There are also plenty of spots outside as well, so you can bask in the Florida sunshine while sipping some tea or mauwing on a meal. I miss Dandelion and look forward to the next time I'm in Orlando. I'll definitely be coming back.
Friendly service, great vibe, delicious food. Not only is the food really good, but it's really healthy for you too! You walk away feeling full, but content. I had the chili and quinoa mix--the sauces are the best part.
It's only gotten better since opening 5 years ago. In fact in the wake of it's anniversary it answered one of my gripes..prices. Like others have said the $5 giddy up Monday's are what it's all about. Make it a wrap or salad add a side and it's only $5! I'm serious in 2011 for a totally green meal in a cool hipster setting?...surely worth more than 5 bucks. Today I took a friend for a belated bday lunch. We sat in the back left room which sits behind the kitchen, quirky yellow leather couch chairs chest(which we used as a table and piano. I believe there are board games as well and because it's been so hot the window gave us the perfect amount of light. They used to sell natural health and bath/beauty stuff in the front of the store, but tbh I'm glad it's gone and they have more great food. Also at one time they had a cool festival with music, local green vendors selling bath stuff, food, beauty, jewelry, pipes, etc etc that was pretty cool. On cooler days sit outside and enjoy the weather. 2x giddy up wraps with vegan cheddar cheese, green goddess dressing on the side and hummus with blue corn chips.(+) 2x beers=$21 Both my friend and I basically licked our plates clean. Totally delicious and guilt free.
I got the Abundant Harvest Wrap and it was off the charts. Simple fresh produce with a light application of dressing. Fresh, light and good. Obviously when you're eating organic it's going to be a bit more pricey, which is unfortunate. However, the serving size was large enough to get two meals out of. The hummus was straight e.g. not mind blowing but not bad by any stretch. The people working there could not have been more friendly if they tried. Lovely, will be back fo sho
Though the crew working that day did not appear the friendliest, once prompted, they actually were very nice and informative. Shy perhaps? I enjoyed the food though my kids did not - by any means... Can't wait to go without the kids and try the organic beers they offer!
Love this place!  Not a big vegan/all natural person but the flavor there is amazing!  It definitely makes me rethink my perception of "hippie food."  Staff is very nice and patient guiding you through a menu that may not be familiar.  Desserts (from partner businesses) are amazing.  Daily specials for $5 can't be beat, especially on Monday.
Love it! Heathy! I've been looking for a place that give you all the veggies you want!! This is it!!
I have probably ate here 30 times.  I'm not a strict vegan, but that's how I prefer to eat and since I work with people who have food allergies I always have the option to get dandelion for lunch meetings over the pizza or whatever crap sandwiches everyone else gets.  This has enabled me to try almost the entire menu.  My go-to is the hunny mustard wrap with quinoa and spring mix with fresh fruit.  All their sides are excellent, I recommend the vegan queso  for your first time but I am so hooked on the orange slices they give us that's what I get 9/10 times.  The portobello sandwich on sourdough has been another phase I have been going through lately.  If you aren't vegan, the giddy up and the Polynesian banana fantasy are excellent choices in addition to the hunny mustard.  Both burritos are excellent as well.  If you prefer fresh high quality food over greasy processed garbage, it doesn't get any better than dandelion.  I could eat here 7 days a week.
The atmosphere was great at Dandelion - the girl at the counter was extremely helpful and nice. She suggested that I try the Giddy Up wrap with their "fake ranch" dressing. I ordered that as well as the mango iced tea (delicious). I'm not a huge wrap person (okay, I never get wraps) but  I have to say it was pretty awesome. I'm not sure I would order the same thing again, but my boyfriend got the Giddy Up as well and LOVED it. It was great to find a place in Orlando that was vegan, since we were traveling from California. I'd definitely visit again, if not for the food, then definitely the great people and atmosphere.
The reviews don't lie... Dandelion Communitea Cafe is the place to go to relax and have a great cup of tea. I just made my first visit yesterday and already want to go back to try the rest of their delish organic teas and food. "Don't Be Chai" is great for a boost of energy and a little spice. Very yummy hot! "Get Well Soon" was my favorite! The unique warm taste of lemon, ginger, and peppermint eased my sore throat in minutes, must try this! Didn't stick around long enough to order any food off the menu but I will be coming back shortly to try the recommended chili. The ambiance of the cafe was very welcoming. Cozy, but limited seating. Although the location can be somewhat hard to find, you don't want to pass this place up!
Unique, fun, and vegan option for eating in Orlando.  The food is great, as well as the tea (and they give you a BOGO tea if you have an Ourlando card!!)  The place is so friendly and the people are genuine.  They really care about their community and from that they built a business model which supports their community. ....and Eve's Revenge is Awesome and so is Henry's!!!  oh, and swirled peas!!!!
Dandelion Communitea Cafe' is one of my favorite casual restaurants in Orlando. The bohemian, eco-friendly ambiance makes this place a special gem, located in the downtown area. My personal favorite is the Giddy-up wrap with cheddar cheese (vegan option available) and the refreshing ice cold mint tea. I love to order the wrap with a side of their signature curry sauce. The best part is that every Monday, the Giddy-up is $5! The employees at Dandelion are always friendly and seem thrilled to work there. Check out their specials and the open mic nights for some additional entertainment.
Excellent!
I love this place. The food is healthy and GOOD. The concept behind this place is lovely, and something I definitely want to support. $5 Giddyup Mondays -- unbeatable. If you haven't been here, go. They will win your heart. You can even eat your food in the garden. And don't overlook the free book exchange station out front!
As a vegan, this place is a god send. I always love what I get and I find the staff to be extremely friendly
Whenever I am in town Dandelion has been a place we gather to sample tea and some delicious food made with love. Tucked away, cozy inside and walls adorned with local talent, its a staple in the community. Friendly faces are more than happy to give you the skinni on what your taste buds require. I could spend hours chatting away because the pressure of freeing up tables isn't prevalent.
I never thought vegetarian/vegan food could be so delicious. I've yet to try anything on their menu and not loved it. I usually opt for wraps. Some of my favorites: sweet potato burrito, black bean burrito, avocado fetish, buffalo 66 and hunny mustard. If you want food that is good for you and delicious Dandy's got you covered. Save some room for the amazing vegan cupcakes or brownies.
Bean burrito was good but tea sucked! I am a tea-person so when u say infused with hibiscus it shouldn't taste like dirty water from flower bucket... Sorry but that was big turn off. And tempeh is never good no matter how u spin it. And was weird that it was a house...
Amazing and awesome people and food!!!! #vegan yay!!
SO Good !!! I had the Fakin' Lettuce and tomato which was awesome they just put on A LOT of veganise .. and with a side of hummus which was amazing !!! The Desert that consists of Granola, soy yogurt and rasberry puree was amazing !!! SO good I cant wait to go back !!!
A funky and hip joint to grab a quick bite or drink. The bohemian atmosphere inside as well as the outside sets the mood for a work or reading session.  A place to convince friends that vegan/vegetarian food can be killer and if you're down for a beer they have them too.
We visited on a Saturday afternoon with a party of 13 people; the staff was very accommodating to our large group. This is actually an old little house; but we all managed to sit together. We had a few  vegetarians in our group but everyone  loved the food and the fresh ice tea selection. Highly recommend a visit.
Cozy
After coming here consistently for almost 2 years now, I can honestly say that this place has some of the consistently best vegetarian food in Orlando.  I still haven't gotten sick of the "Been there done that."  It's filling, it's delicious, it's healthy, it makes you feel good...there's nothing negative to say about it.  Their teas are awesome, their servers are awesome, the environment is awesome, the people you meet there are awesome, the extracurricular events held there are awesome, and all the food is awesome.  I love the "fakin lettuce and tomato sandwich", the quesadilla, the guacamole, and all their salads.  Only criticisms: they run out of certain teas often, it can sometimes take a longgg time to be served, and the hours of operation can be ridiculous at times.  (Like they close Mondays at 4 PM now?!)
Another of the new places my groovy mom took me on my latest Orlando visit.  Mom and I had some late lunch for me, afternoon snack for her and we dug it. +1 Star - Coffee.  Mom, who is a rather coffee addict, said this was the best coffee she has ever had.  I had a sip and *dang, son* it was delish.  And they have lots of accessories to put in your joe - including my fav, agave syrup. + 1 Star - Soup.  Good grief this was some delicious soup. I forget exactly it was called - something like Vegan Tofu and noodle soup.  It tasted like the perfect healthy memory of Spaghetti-O's with wee tiny chunks of tofu.  I died and went to heaven 1000 times in my bowl of this soup. Sigh. + 1 Star / - 1 Star - Staff.  The staff was so sweet and nice.  They all seemed super happy to work here (or were all good actors).  The vibe is mellow and upbeat and happy.  However the gal at the counter totally forgot mom's coffee and mom had to go back and remind her.  Understandable if the place was busy, but we were the last customers she had to serve in a non-existent line and there was only one other table, so I think she was just a little zoned out.  But very sweet and apologetic about it. + 1 Star - Environmental Love.  They are active in the organic and local growers community, which is important to me. + 1 Star - Brownie.  A vegan brownie that my mom, who is not a veg, loved to the point of not letting me have a taste!!! I really liked this place - more than two other places that are closer to mom's (Stardust, Drunken Monkey) and have a funky coffee house atmosphere.  This place is just... better.
This is easily the best vegan place in town.  The food is delicious, and extremely healthy.  Starches like rice are substituted for quinoa, which is a complete amino acid protein.  Every dish I've had compels  me to make a return trip.  The baristas are friendly in a way that is refreshingly genuine.  Establishments like this deserve good business.  They don't just promote good food.  They demonstrate a healthier style of living, with the right creativity.
wow I rode my bike to this place once. I do not believe in the system but I thought maybe this would be an exception since they are not a corporation scheming to condition humans into machines and robots. Soaked in sweat, tears, blood.. anyways I came all the ten miles (almost died quite a few times as the route is not one smooth path. Frickin society's need of taking those two bottom limbs as transportation for granted. [WHY]) All I wanted was a chakra six tea, and after the first few swigs of half of that thing I have indeed become a better person because of it. I have never left a house door like that, thinking such great thoughts and inspiration; that life is pointless / we are just physically here with no ulterior motives / we allow our emotions and opinions to control us / we dwell, cling to, and waste so much energy on meaningless material situations and objects, and most of all, I had realized--all I need is the chakra six tea.
one of my favorite vegetarian/vegan places in Orlando! Really tasty and fresh organic food and great selection of tea. Service is great and staff is very friendly, overall, it is always an enjoyable experience!
