Love love the wings here! Crispy not greasy seasoned perfectly! We share the burger that comes with a large delicious amount if tater tots with your choice of social seasonings I like the old bay or Cajun seasoning! Try the sweet potato hummus and a large choice of craft beers to choose from!
I've been meaning to write a review on Oblivion for some time!  Since I've been there a couple different times, I think I have a pretty good handle on things... The atmosphere is pretty great for a burger joint!  I definitely dig the music posters paired up with beer signs.  It gives off the vibe of a dive/biker bar, which fits the style of everything there. The beer selection has always been pretty phenomenal.  On top of the draft/bottle choices, there are ciders available for those who aren't beer fans.  The servers are helpful with newbies who only know the basic domestics (a friend of my girlfriend was totally overwhelmed but was guided to a selection she enjoyed). In terms of food, it's been hit & miss.  The first time I went, I had the Jala-PINE-o burger, which was fantastic!  The potato wedges were perfect alongside.  The next time, I tried out one of their vegetarian options with a modification on the pretzel burger (hey, you gotta try something new sometimes!).  Unfortunately, that roll of the dice didn't go over as well, as the burger was a bit bland for my taste, with the cheese sauce not really helping the cause.  On the third trip, the burger was fantastic, but the potato wedges were undercooked.  It seemed as though the fryer needed new oil, as the color gave off the indication of a done wedge, but it's tough to say without actually being back in the kitchen. All in all, it's still one of the better burger joint in Orlando.  With the new chef, I'm going to have to make a trip and see what's going on!  Following him on Instagram, I have extremely high hopes from the pictures he's posting of test items.
After visiting Oblivion a few times already, I think it's time for a review. First off, the service has always been outstanding. The people that work here are the coolest and happiest employees I've ever seen. They always greet you with a (not fake) smile, give great suggestions, treat you like a friend and you can feel they are very comfortable and like working there. Very impressed. The food: love, love, love all the potatoes options. We have tried the french fries (with parmesan garlic, old bay and cajun), wedges (with parmesan garlic), tater tots (with hawaiian garlic) and the chips (with parmesan garlic). Do you see where this is going? Parmesan garlic is the clear winner. I liked the hawaiian garlic as well even though is veeeery heavy on the garlic. Old bay and cajun did not care much for. The chips and french fries are my favorites. Last time I went (yesterday), one of the specials was the belgian mussels in a garlic broth, accompanied by garlic toast. They were delicious! Great amount of mussels; I loved the toasts; broth was ok. We have also tried the quesadillas but they were just okay. Our favorite is the smoked chicken wings. WOW. The flavor on those is awesome. Loved that they are not covered in any sauce and yet they are so tasty. And the outside is so crunchyyyy. Yum.  Their housemade ranch sauce I could eat by itself. Now, we have only tried a burger once. We ordered the cheeeese burger with cheddar cheese.  It was good but nothing extraordinary. I must have missed something so I certainly need to try it a second time. The beer: yeah, I don't like beer which is a sacrilege if I'm coming here. But my BF does which means he is in beer heaven in this place. The beer list is ridiculous!  I am a wine or cocktail gal so I have no place stating my opinion on beer. The decor: very goth, rock and roll, and funky. If that is not your thing, and is not mine, don't be put off by it because the ambiance is so laid back there is no way you can feel out of place here. After our meal, we usually stay and play a few pool tables while my BF enjoys a few more beers. Oblivion is a great addition to the Orlando scene.
Oh, Oblivion. I used to think, Eh, the burgers are okay, usually a bit too well-done. Thankfully, I kept going back, and my experiences have become much improved. One of my favorite things about Oblivion is how the staff are always courteous and friendly. This is one of those places where your preconceived notions will most likely be proved wrong, as mine were. I mean, it looks pretty tough from the outside, and I expected the staff to be more uppity or something, but instead this is some of the most consistent service I've had at a restaurant here. The food is good, though sometimes I've felt like my burgers were a bit too well done, and the fries come with your choice of topping. I get the Hawaiian garlic because that way I can have my fries salt free (all other toppings come with salt in the topping, as well as salt on the fries). The fact that I can get salt-free fries is a big plus. Also, the homemade ketchup is delish. My favorite burger was the veggie burger (I can't remember the name), but the burger on the pretzel bun is good too, as is pretty much everything I've had. The buffalo one was too spicy for me, though I am a wimp. The beer selection is very good and there are a lot of craft beer options, as well as a lot of cider options. I don't think I've seen that much cider anywhere else. Overall, Oblivion is growing on me, and I am definitely a fan. Solid 4 stars.
Wow! What another great addition to the craft beer scene here in Orlando!  The vibe is edgy with skeleton, skulls motif and black and red decor. But get this,... not only did they have a most FANTASTIC selection of craft beer they also had amazing, reasonably  priced, gastro pub/ food truck style grub!!! We tried the potato skins with Hawaiian garlic and dipping cheese WOW.  The nachos with a bed of pork rinds covered in pulled pork among other outrageously tasty tidbits hit the spot!  We had a taste of their AMAZING blue cheese cole slaw, what an awesome combination and idea.  And we had the dry rubbed smoked chicken wings.  Now, I am not usually of fan of wings that aren't saucy,... but these were super juicy and tasted superb.   This time around we didn't hit the burgers,... but they do have a grand selection of what look like amazing burgers to choose from and you can build your own!!! This was an adventure for the taste buds as well as an indulgence in a very decent selection of craft beer.  We will be back and SOON!!!
Have to start off by saying this place is awesome! The ambiance one would think from the outside would be bikeresque/grunge/hipster/etc but that isnt totally the case. Its a fun place to be with all realms of people there from your average biker to your soccer mom and a team of kids. They have a pool table and darts that are almost always available to use and the service is pretty good too :) The beer selection is always changing and the prices are some of the lower ones in Orlando for the type of beer that you get. The best thing here though is by far the food. Chef Goody gets it right and thats for sure. I have had at least 2/3 of the stuff on the menu and have yet to be disappointed. If you get the chance, check this place out for sure!
Here's where social media comes in.  I heard about Oblivion online somewhere then a week or so later a friend of mine posted something on facebook about Pork Lovers Nachos.  It was like pork on top of pork smothered in pork with a little salsa and sour cream or something like that.  I decided to check out the menu and was completely sold.  I made plans to go there like two days later. I walked in.  Honestly it was a little quiet and awkward feeling (I think it's the lighting) but I think that when more people fill the place it won't be so weird.  We sat at the bar and I ordered a beer from their decent sized list. I ordered the Pork Lovers Nachos and here's where the funny comes in.  They forgot the pork.  Normally this might really piss someone off but to me it's humorous and makes for a good story.  And in their defense I got about 1/4 way through before I realized they forgot to put the pulled pork on em. Here's where good business comes in.  The owner just happened to come over and ask how everything was.  I told him what happened and not only did he not charge us for the nachos but hooked us up with something else for free.  I got the Jalapineo Burger.  I had heartburn for 2 days because of that thing but man was it worth it.  My boyfriend got the Cubano Burger.  Super awesome but may I recommend smothering it in their house made mustard sauce. That was the ticket!
Great wings, great beer, and great service makes this a place that's easy to love.   Their selection of beers is great and the prices of the beer is even better.  Mini beers (5oz cups) for half price makes it easy and fairly to cheap to try a number of different brews.   The burgers are good, but the real attraction here are the wings.  Wednesdays are 75 cent wing night and the smoked wings are delish.   Our waittress was very friendly and answered all of our questions with a smile.   Bottom line, if you are in the mood for good food and drinks at good prices, you can't beat the Taproom.
Everything I want in Orlando. If you're there, go here. There are other craft beer bars in Orlando, but sadly none with parking and food.  The selection of beer is really well thought out and plenty deep for a long evening's tasting.  Food was good, but I was there on opening night and I won't do a thorough review on that until I can sample more on a further visit, which will certainly be the first thing I do next time I'm in Orlando!
The fruit beer is so tasty! A perfect dessert beer.
Came here randomly one night after picking my roommate up from the airport expecting the usual bar n burger scene. Thank god I was wrong. The atmosphere is fun, in a day of the dead/edd hardy kind of way without the douche-baggery. The wait staff is friendly and are helpful in answering any questions about their beer selection. I would make it a point to ask for your check if you've got somewhere to be as the wait staff are perfectly content to let you hang out and jabber with your friends after your meal. Onto the food...the wings are not the best I've had but they rank up there. Kudos to whoever came up with the "Conley" burger as it has risen to my favorite item on the menu. Speaking of burgers, if you do order one I like to opt for the tater tots and recommend the Hawaiian seasoning...unless of course you are on a date and don't want your breath to smell like vampire laxative as you head into the more interesting part of your evening (heavy on garlic goodness). Overall a solid burger/beer bar with friendly staff and of course Star Wars Night! :)
Great food great service. Extensive choice of beers. They have events and specials all the time.
Beer is good, but the atmosphere is rather sucky. Quite a bit of wasted space and WAY too bright "Denny's" esque lighting. Too warehouse-y and lacks character. Not comfortable. Sorry. :(  I sincerely wish you guys the best of luck though. Edit - I went back to try to food and was happy to see that the lighting has been toned down a lot! MUCH better! I gladly stayed this time since I didn't feel like I was in an intense police interrogation. ;) Our waitress was nice and helpful.  The bar suggested a proper beer when given my likes and dislikes. My boyfriend and I decided on sharing a couple items, the Italian Corn Dog, which overall was just ok and the Broccocheesy. The broccoli was perfectly cooked, the hamburger was tasty and I really dug the bun it came on, but the cheese was a bit too gloppy and overpowering.  The potato wedges we got on the side were delicious though and I really liked the smokey, homemade ketchup, but wasn't a huge fan of the mustard. It's a bit too thin. I also wasn't super happy about the long wait for our food.  We were one of only 3 tables in the restaurant and it took about 45 minutes to get our order. Regardless, I've been intrigued by the menu ever since it was posted, so I'm sure I'll be back to try some more items.
After my second experience in about a year or so span at this pub and grub establishment, I have come to the conclusion it just isn't my bowl hops so to speak. I gave Oblivion another attempt (not that the first was horrible) because of the food mainly. The Tap part in their name comes secondary to me, beer is delicious and I enjoy drinking it but I am not one to over think swilling beer as it has become such the trendy trend in the past five or so year's. The beer selection although very extensive can be overwhelming and kinda exhausting to choose from. For the most part the tapped beer selection menu is organized by variety and type with tasting notes to help in your selection, the bottled portion not so... The edible menu selections seemed scattered this time around from my past experience. Apps, sandwich selections, and the entree portion. The entrees ranged from a couple of pasta dishes, a couple slab's of meat to a salad. Surprisingly there wasn't a fish special of the day to round it out. I am certainly not discrediting the chef for his preparation and technique in making the cuisine, the selections just seemed a little whimsical for this particular place. I went with appetizers all around, wings (hot) and pork belly boa buns. The wings were good, not as crispy and definitely not as spicy as I like but good in flavor with a hint of smoke also the blue cheese dressing which I will assume was house made was tangy and added the dish as whole. The pork bun app was very good, pork belly was crisp and tender, the pickled cucumber was a nice touch to cut the sweet hoisin sauce however the buns were a little lack luster and the texture was spongy and foamy (mattress foamy) for lack of a better adjective. Our server was pleasant, attentive and very helpful in the beer selections. In fact I pretty much let her guide me through what I was looking for in a beer and let her choose the remaining selections. I would give Oblivion and the staff a 3.5 rating if I could do so, 3 stars being for the overall experience and price point and the .5 would be extra for the service portion. I have yet to try the basic $11 cheeseburger that seems so popular and I may return in the future to do so. **On a side not if your vision is less than stellar bring some readers, the font size used for the bottled beer section of the menu is tiny and the lighting is dim in certain areas of the dinning room.**
I can't believe I just now found this place!  I've driven past it for a couple of years now and always assumed it was a nightclub.  This bar and grill  has all of the hip ambiance that I miss from my years in Baltimore.  Excellent pub grub and more beer and cider selections than I have seen anywhere!  I had the Royale, their basic burger.  It was cooked to a perfect medium-rare and had a side of the most delicious sweet potato wedges with a yummy dipping sauce.  Our table also had some fried pickles and stuffed mushrooms, both of which were really good as well.   The portions are large and their homemade condiments are really great.  Oblivion can now consider me their newest regular and I made sure to tell them so with a note on the chalkboard walls in the bathroom, another fun touch that will ensure that I will be returning and telling all my friends.
By far the best local wings in Orlando. Oh so good! They also have beer flights and a huge variety of ciders. The atmosphere is bar-ish, they have pool tables and dart boards to play on while you wait for food and drink a beer. I've been with large parties and small parties non the less the same service is had. In regards to service don't expect some five star dinning experience, it is what it is.
I read all the Yelp reviews and heard great things about the Oblivion Taproom. Finally, got to experience it for myself! A group of us met for dinner during the week. Great selection of beers and had the restaurant offered a great Sangria special. Love the atmosphere, great vibe,  made it easy for our group to catch up while waiting on our food. Our server was awesome, making sure we always had drinks. It did take a little while to get our food, but we were a large group. I have to tell you it was worth the wait! My husband and I both had the tots. I tried the Parmesan Garlic seasoning and my husband the Chive and Onion. Delicious! The tots were extra crispy just how I like them. I tried the Jalepineo Burger and my husband the Cheese Burger and added an egg on top. I loved mine. Perfectly spicy and sweet in every bite. My husband loved his burger, said the egg could have been a little runny. They were both cooked as asked. Great contender for best burgers in Orlando. Oblivion will definitely be a great new hangout for my friends and I.
Great beer selection!  Kinda of unconventional - which I like.   As for the food, I heard its been much better previously.   The Fried Pickles have a cornmeal breading that was yum!  The wings were good but the tots were really salty.    We will be back - for sure ... just might make a few tweaks to our food selections!
I have been to Oblivion a few times now and I have to say I really enjoy it here! They have a great selection of beers and ciders and they have some damn good food. They have pool tables in the back as well as darts (watch out for Justina N. at the darts! She's good!) So, overall this is a great place to come hang out and relax with some friends while enjoying some nice brews. Usually the staff is really nice. I did have a small issue with one of the bartenders last time I was here. She was unpleasant and rude when I asked her basic questions about some of the beers. I can only hope it won't happen again, as to I enjoy coming to Oblivion.
Headed here around midnight after hitting some bars and was pleasantly surprised with just about everything. As most people point out the place is decked out with a nice trendy hipster vibe with plenty of art on the walls. Even for our late dining there was a solid mix of casual, hipster and older folks here enjoying a good burger and beer. Our server told us about all the specials and got us each a beer from the extensive list in quick time. I chose the Jalapineo burger, the beef had a light teriyaki flavor, the jalapeno cream cheese didn't have much spice at all but was pleasant, the grilled pineapple really did make the burger shine, combatting the teriyaki flavor with some harsh citrus goodness. The bacon was thick cut and the passion fruit aioli had a nice flavor and I don't even care for passion fruit. For a side I got the tots with both raw garlic and cajun spices. They were perfectly crispy and tasted great, the garlic and cajun spices gave them a nice heat as well. From what our waitress told us the ketchup and tots are made in house fresh as well as most of their sauces. They also have pool tables and darts available if you're just coming in for a pint and to hang out.
Wow, what a turnaround. We decided to visit for Pumpkinfest back in October and, since then, have been pleasantly surprised every time. The service and food have both improved substantially. Chef Bruno's new rotating menu is a great idea and will definitely have me visiting more often.
I've been hearing and reading about the Oblivion Tap Room for a while but never made the time to go. Do not make the same mistake I did! You know what the OT is about as soon as you walk in. The lighting, decor, pictures on the walls...the punk and alternative music in the background...the tattoos on both the employees and the patrons...this is a fun place.   The craft beer and cider list is extensive, and they serve wine as well. The food menu is much less robust but it's a pub and pub menus should be as simple and relaxed as the experience you find within. That said, these are no ordinary burgers. The burgers are cooked fresh and they feature some truly tasty options. You can opt for a veggie or black bean patty in lieu of beef. I chose to keep the ham in my hamburger but I'm betting the other options are tasty as well. You have a few options for your side item but do what's right and get the potato wedges. After your meal you can head over to the bar area or play some pool or darts. We only had dinner and a couple drinks but we'll be back to hang out for a while the next time. It's great to finally see places like this in our chain-heavy CIty Beautiful.
Before even talking about the food I can say this: If you are a craft beer junkie, Oblivion Taproom is a must try. They've even got some of my favorite Scottish and English Ales on tap, which is fairly rare. The beer menu is massive with great descriptions of each, and as many other posters have pointed out, you can order half pints for half price so you can really sample quite a few without stumbling out later... As far as food went, we ordered quesadillas  while we worked on our before dinner buzz which were pretty standard. Entrees were the pretzel burger, jerk chicken, and for our vegetarian friend, the black bean burger. All were well above average and appropriately priced compared to other burger/ sandwich places. One thing I really appreciated was that they actually cook the burger how you ordered it, most places can't figure out the difference between well done and mid-rare whereas Oblivion was spot on. They were packed on Saturday night so the service was a bit on the slow side, several time we had empty glasses which will always knock a place down a half star or so in my book. That being said though, it was a great experience and we will definitely be back!
This one has been on my list for a very long time. Unfortunately they do not do lunch.  When an idea for a venue came up to do our mini class reunion we checked into here.  They were very accommodating to our group which had about 35 in it.  Decorated in the Day of the Dead theme it is an interesting place to find good food and beer.  For starters, this was one the best burgers I have had in quite some time.  Everything tasted fresh and the burgers were juicy but not greasy.  I went with the tots on the side since it has been a long time going with tots.  They were seasoned quite well and I have found a new love for an old food.  Their selection of drafts is pretty big.  I am pretty sure I sampled more than I should have.  They have everything that a beer or cider lover could ask for and much more you may have never thought to ask.  I rarely strike the same place twice, but this is definitely on my top 10 list, probably my top 5!   Overall, yeah buddy! This place rocks!  Go for the burgers!
I'm really glad that I gave this place a second chance.  My first visit was around 10pm on a Sunday night... not ideal I know.  It was loud, my husband had a migraine, and we didn't order food (just beer).   A few months later I returned to Oblivion and I am glad that I did.  I ordered a meal - the Jerkin' Yer Chicken Sandwich.  It was GOOD.  Not just good - it was excellent.  The chicken was seasoned deliciously and the bread (a Brioche Bun) was perfect.  I also had some of their fries seasoned in Old Bay.  I asked myself, why have I never doused my fries in Old Bay before!?  It was delicious. The beer selection is excellent and the service was nice. All in all, this is a great place to grab a bite to eat.  I was mistaken in believing that they only had "bar food" - which to me means reheated potato skins and crappy chicken wings.  BOY was I wrong... they have a chef back in that kitchen that takes pride in what he cooks! Give them a go!
I just love this place, it's hip, casual, but yet I don't feel uncomfortable getting dressed up and heading in for a beer.   Many different beers on tap, bazillion types of bottle beers and a page full of ciders.    There is something for everyone here.   Tried the fried pickles, not what I was expecting.  The pickles are homemade and delish, but they are not the typical dill fried pickles. The restrooms are clean and all the stalls are painted with chalkboard paint. How cool is that!  You just can't leave without writing something on the wall.   The atmosphere is definitely laid back.  One pool table available and I believe one or two dart boards if ya feel like gettin your game on.
A beer list as large as I've ever seen. The number of beers on taps is amazing. Mini glasses are available for tasting at 1/2 price. The range of beer types includes some I've heard of, but never seen. Also, the list of hard cider's is the largest I ever seen. My wife and I both had the hamburger which was great. It was as good as any I've had and cooked perfectly. The tater tots were perfect with the burger. It's a bit of a dive bar, but the people and the service was great. Overall, it was a great dinner, and one of the best deals I've seen in Orlando. I will be back there on my next trip to Orlando.
Delicious! Don't let the outside deceive you. Amazing burgers and smoked wings. I had the pretzel burger and it was perfect. My friends and I each got a different spice on our fries/tots and loved them all. I tried one of my friends smoked wings and I have to say one of the best I've ever tasted. Perfect balanceof juicy and crispy. Beers are changed out often, but there is a great selection. Like them on facebook and you can see their daily menu specials and new beer selections. This place is definitely a new favorite of mine.
This is my new favorite place. Atmosphere: dimly lit, casual and comfortable. The music is kept at the perfect volume: just loud enough to hear, so it doesn't distract or prevent conversation. A skeletal art theme prevails. Food: Phenomenal, inventive, and generously portioned. Their smoked wings are the best I've ever had. I tried the Pretzel burger and was blown away by the mustard and homemade cheese sauce for dipping. Killer stuff. Chef Goody takes causal food and elevates it to the next level with fresh ideas and creative passion. Beer: If you're into craft and seasonal beer, you're sure to dig their offerings. Ciders, pale ales, stouts, lagers, you name it. Lots of choices, so if you like trying new beer, this is an ideal place for some taste testing. In fact, their beer list is so obscure that some people might even have trouble connecting with it. You aren't going to find common beers here, but this isn't the kind of place that you visit for a Budweiser. This is the kind of place you visit if you're a real beer drinker. This is the kind of place where you step out of your comfort zone, and try new things for the sheer joy of discovery. Oblivion serves as a vehicle for the sake of curiosity and adventure. Saddle up, and slap your pony's ass while you gallop into new territory. They change their taps and inventory frequently, which has advantages and disadvantages. New beer every time you visit means more new beer to try, but it also means they probably won't have something you loved on the last visit, which is kind of a bummer. A humble suggestion: With as many beers as Oblivion has, they should consider creating a score card for patrons. I've tried so many that I've lost count, and it would be cool to have a list of all the different beers I've sampled. If we hit "X" amount of beers, maybe we get a free one. If we really reach for the stars and hit a high number, maybe we can even get a personal glass for our efforts (and keep it at the bar to drink our  future drafts with). Just an idea. Sometimes the food takes a while, but since everything is fresh and cooked to order, it's well worth the wait. Be patient. BOTTOM LINE: This is a great place to bring friends, family, or even a date. If you like trying new things, whether it's with beer or food, this place delivers the goods with gusto.
The atmosphere is a little weird but pretty neat overall. Food is hit or miss. I've had amazing food here and really bad food. The menu changes a lot so just be prepared. They have fried Oreos that weren't listed that were delish. Tons and tons of drinks to try both alcoholic and some really cool non alcoholic sodas.
Oblivion has become a regular favorite for anyone I bring here. We started going soon after they opened and have been back ever since, twice a week for a while. Red walls, black accents, and all the art on the walls depicts skulls in some sort of way. Chef Goody, Pete, and all the rest of the staff make sure you know this isn't going your typical experience. With over 40 constantly rotating taps, Oblivion may not have the beer you thought you were going to order, but rest assured they have something else delicious for you. If you're planning on enjoying some of Chef Goody's outstanding food, come hungry. These are LARGE portions on just about everything. The wait staff can be a little hit or miss, but Amber and Christian are pretty great about getting you everything you need and more. In summary, go now and thank me later.
I absolutely LOVE the tator tots with Chive and Onion seasoning!! So addicting!!! Their burgers are pretty good too. Cool place!
Pretty cool place. The place is painted with small murals of a "day of the dead" theme. The servers are all tatted and pierced which gives it a chill vibe. The food was pretty good, and the selection of beer is great. They had special combinations of the beer (I had some sort of pumpkin beer with creme bruleé. Mmmm!) which were unique and tasty. The atmosphere is quiet, so it's a nice place to have conversation. They do have a pool table and a dart board for a little entertainment, but I definitely prefer having conversation while drinking a couple brews. The only negative that I saw is I asked for a glass of water... and that is what I got.... a glass of water. Not even cold. No ice. No straw. Oh well.
The burgers are good... Still not sure if it's worth $40 for two burgers and ONE beer before tip.
I dig it. It definitely has that Rockabilly vibe going on. I'm not one for darts or pool which is an option if you are, I mainly go for the beer selection and food. Both did not disappoint. The craft and import beer selection was quite impressive and surprisingly affordable, I even tried one of their holiday beer concoctions which was delightful. Their burger was juicy and flavorful, kind of no nonsense which I like. I would say go for the tots over the wedges, they were a little dry. The tots however were crispy-crunchy but were slightly overpowered by the parmesan garlic flavor I added. The one area I think it's lacking in was the layout/ atmosphere. I found it to be rather awkward, or at least that was my first impression when walking in. Everything was spaced very far apart and strongly lacked the intimate nature that I look for in a bar/eatery. I'm going to give it another go though, maybe if I keep drinking their delish beer I wont mind the atmosphere as much.
In my opinion, Oblivion has the best burgers and wings in Orlando. My mom doesn't even eat meat and she loves the burgers here. The beer selection is great and I just can't say enough positive things about the food. The house-made ketchup is a great touch. I'm secretly convinced the hot wings are hotter on Wing Wednesday, I need to get some Oblivion staff to back me up on this. Good wings are hard to find in Orlando so if you're like me, definitely check it out.
This one is a new one on my list but it was love at first sight. Great specialty brews on draft and bottle, fantastic selection of burgers and tasty sandwiches and appetizers, all rolled into a place that is easy to find parking in a laid back atmosphere. Go here! We ordered the fried pickles (warning my friends, they are spears not the slices) and these babies were perfect! The batter was great the sauce, amazing. Then we shared the pretzel burger with homemade beer mustard. I could have died of happiness. You can not go wrong by putting a perfect burger between a soft pretzel roll with beer mustard and cheese. Nope, you can't. Here are SOME of the beers that we liked and enjoyed: Espresso Oak Aged Yeti Imperial Stout Crème Brûlée Imperial Milk Stout Lagunitas IPA Hopsecutioner Coney Island Human Blockhead St Louis Framboise (girly but still good) Love love love this place. Will return many times
The greasiest, best burger I've had since moving to Orlando. And the onion rings are basically donuts with onions in them. This is a good thing.
I love going to a new place where the bartender knows what I want with a few simple questions. This place has all sorts of libations in drafts and bottles--no liquor, sorry kids--and some of them are rather unique (sour beer anyone?) Even better, they have pool tables and real dartboards!! Six of us went for a friend's birthday last week. The service was just a little slower than I might've liked but it was all made better by the food. Have a look at their menu, go ahead. There's nothing on there that doesn't sound simply sinful. I want to go back again and again to try EVERYthing! Ok, so on this trip I decided to share a Hog Wild burger with a side of garlic parmesan tots. Oh sweet Nirvana, the flavors!! The burger was completely loaded and messy, and the order of tots is quite large. The onion rings, ordered by another friend, were crispy and delicious. Without a birthday cake to celebrate with, the staff was kind enough to make us birthday churros; candle, song and all. Yes, we will go back. Even better, check in when you get there and get 10% off your order. 'Cause you really needed an excuse to go get good grub :)
The first time I came here, I ordered the special of the day which was POUTINE as well as the crispy pork belly and fried pickles. Great list of craft beers, and all the lovely lady servers were very helpful with the menu as well as the beers. This was on a Thursday around 5pm. However on Friday at 8:30pm, it was a different story. Our waitress disappeared for long stretches, our food took a long time to come, and it wasn't that good, and my guests weren't impressed. So why 4 stars? Because they make their chips, french fries, sausage, chicarrones, pickles... and plenty more! That alone is amazing, so I will continue to support this establishment! Keep up the awesomeness! (But perhaps give a little more attention to those busy Friday/Saturday nights!)
My husband and I had dinner at Oblivion around 8pm on a day during Thanksgiving weekend.  We were excited to come here because I am a huge cider fan and their menu for ciders is the most extensive one I have seen. After leaving a review for another bar in the area, someone yelp messaged me and suggested that we swing by this place. We knew that it would be more crowded and the wait time would be longer for food.  Unfortunately, after we waited for about 30 min, we had to ask where our appetizers were.  The waitress went to get them immediately, but they were cold.  We were offered no explanation for why this happened, and the waitress seemed to be very annoyed when we brought up our concern.  The problem was that we were starving, and after waiting 30 minutes we were expecting to at least have hot food.   The entrees came no less than 3 minutes later and they were nice and hot.  The food is always good at this place (when it is hot), but I am sorry to say that the service from our waitress could have been better.  She had a demeanor that made us feel bad for pointing out that our food was cold- we didn't send it back or ask for a new order because my husband was starving and just needed so scarf something down, so maybe the waitress didn't believe us? Anyway, the hostess was really wonderful, she took a percentage off of the tab- we hadn't asked for that or expected it. We'll be back, but probably only during happy hour.
Fantastic place for a great burger and a great beer. Truly one of the best places to go in Orlando, and the best news it is not downtown! Every visit that I make to Oblivion, the experience becomes more awesome. Great beer selection, and I love the fact that they focus on regional beers. In addition, the prices are right on. Why do I love this place so much? Is the Red Wings decor? Great burgers? Killer sweet potato fries? Well, all of the above. It does not get much better than Oblivion. It does get pretty busy at times, so be patient and love the service staff.
This place is excellent. The food is not typical bar food, it is a bit on the gourmet side and the portions are big. The beers are delicious and rotate so there is always something new, the menu changes too. The restaurant is clean and the service is good.
Fun servers, great food and beer. Everything literally tastes great. Awesome place to meet up with friends and hang out.
Typically you have your choice- you either get a gigantic beer menu with so-so food or you get the great food and a bottle menu.  Oblivion takes the burden of this decision off of you by giving you the best of both worlds.  The food is mostly just suped up pub grub, but it is done well and you can tell they put a lot of effort into it.  Even better, almost all of their food options have vegetarian alternatives so you don't have to miss out on any of the flavors for the most part. And even better than that, this place seriously has over 4 pages of drafts that rotate all the time.  Even if you have a fussy friend that isn't much into beer, they will be able to find something here.  The hardest part will be choosing which ones you want.  And you better know what you want when the waitress gets there because as others have said, it will be a while before you see them again. And that's the only flaw with this place.  The service is slow, but not enough to make you angry.  It's just something you have to take into account when you go here.  So just sit back, play a game of darts, or talk to your friends and enjoy your beer.  The food will be out soon! I kind of wish we lived closer or that our friends who lived near it weren't moving away.  I'd love to go back and will have to make plans to return sometime.
I have been here multiple times and brought multiple friends in for their first time with mixed reviews from them however I love this place. The service can be a little slow and we brought a group of almost 20 people in once. One of our friends had an unusually long wait for his food and the manager came up and comped his, his wife and his daughters meals! That's good service. I don't know why they don't have the big buffalo burger on the menu anymore even though they will still make it. I definitely suggest asking for it as it's the best burger there. The beer selection is great, I only wish some of the beer would stick around a little longer. so I can enjoy it more than once however the staff is always friendly and knowledgeable enough about beer to suggest something similar which is really impressive. I find that most places in Orlando that have craft beer have a staff who knows very little about what they are selling. The decor is strange, scattered and doesn't make a lot of sense. There is a great big space in the back with pool tables which I have never seen anyone using and think that as they have been getting busier they should replace with tables to accommodate the bigger crowds. Overall it's a great place to grab a great burger and a great beer with friendly service.
WHY WOULD YOU OPEN A RESTAURANT IN A LOCATION WHERE YOU AREN'T ALLOWED TO WASH DISHES DUE TO A DEFUNCT WASTE WATER SYSTEM? To me that just shows how little planing and thought went into its' creation.  Not to get all tree huggerish but this is an inane business model that doesn't give a shit about how much refuse they generate. On to the food,  the cuisine is gourmet bar food that is vapid and resigned.  Completely divided and separate, the interesting combination of ingredients lack any sense of promise which produces a flavor profile that is bifurcated into that of sauces and grease. Any natural flavors become lost in this debacle. The Ketchup's consistency varies between watery and very thin and tastes like section 8 spaghetti sauce that comes in a can with a non descript blue lettering on a white background label.  The flavor is flimsy and overly sweet The beers, they only have what everyone else has. The decor looks as if they commissioned a 7th grade art class to come up with a rendition of a combination of works from David Mann and Alton Kelley and then handed them a brush.  Like everything else it's just very amateur.   The overall theme here is spurious. If this place could grow up and have some thought and passion imparted onto it, maybe...
Great place for a low key good time. I went with some friends and ended up spending the whole night there. I got some pork nachos which were excellent. My friends got a hamburger and some fried pickles. They liked the hamburger and the fried pickles were maybe the best I had. The batter and sauce are really tasty. The beer list is exstenstive and everything I tried was awesome. We easily stayed all night and we liked everyone we got. We played darts and kept drinking till closing time. Nice and laid back atmosphere with great service.
This place has the best beer and cider selection. You can NOT go wrong stopping in for one or a few.
Great beer selection and great food.  A little pricey for bar food (I paid $3 for TWO fried oreos) and I would say the beer is a buck or two over priced, but the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. I'd love to see them actually do special events that make their specialty menu's make sense, such as when they did their menu for the Day the Music Died, but didn't do anything else.
Oblivion is not just a bar with craft beers. It's not just a great, innovative restaurant. It's part of the community. This review is long overdue. The owners, Pete and Missy, really have made an impact here in Orlando. Sure there are other craft bars, but nobody else has the quality of food or staff that Oblivion does. The food has always been spot on for me. Personal favorites are the dry rub wings. These are the best wings I've had anywhere. Also, the jalapeño burger is such a great combination of tastes and textures. Not overly spicy as some might think, but it does have a kick. I'm usually not a fan of tots, but these tots blow my mind. Super crunchy on the outside, tender and potatoey (new word) on the inside. The beer list is extensive. I love the 8 ball stout they serve here. But the absolute best part of Oblivion is the staff. Everyone here is so nice. Genuinely nice. They seem to enjoy working here and being part of something great. That makes me happy. I shall return.
I must have driven past Oblivion a hundred times and I always thought that it was some kind of industrial punk nightclub but turns out, it's just a burger place. We went on a night when they were having $.50 wing specials so of course we had to take advantage.  Their smoked wings were pretty good and I really liked that they served it with HOMEMADE ranch-awesome touch! As for the burgers, they were good but nothing to ooh and aah over.  I can't remember which burger I had but the highlight of the night for me were the fries.  They were cut to perfect thickness and fried perfectly...topped with cajun seasoning and dipped in ranch...YUM. Overall, a pretty good place for a burger and fries but it's not something that I couldn't go without.  We will probably be back in the future because it's a great casual place to hang with friends and get a few great pints of craft beer.
Woah! Beers are inexpensive and awesome. Wings ruled. Service was great. Ask for Christian, she picked out a delicious beer for me without even raising an eyebrow. AND they serve late, and do beer specials all the time. A craft beer snob's wonderland... I'm in Orlando for a week, and I'll be surprised if I don't hang there a few more times! Free pool and darts, too!
Loved loved loved this place. Decor made feel at home. Wait staff awesome. Blue cheese burger was the bomb and they make home made Tay tor tots
I've been hitting a lot of the craft beer places on the east side of town, and this is by far my favorite. They've got a great selection of craft beers and they change them out a lot so there's always something new to try. The beers are right up my alley too. Lots of IPAs and Imperial IPAs. They food is good too. I've never been much of a chicken wing eater, but their smoked wings are out of this world. I've gone on to try wings at other places and none can compare. The selection of fried potato items and various toppings is staggering. I always go with the tots though. TIP: you can combine flavors too. Last night our server suggested Cajun mixed with Parmesan garlic. Outstanding! The help is always friendly and knowledgeable too. What's not to like?  =]
Driving past this place after a return trip from the Orlando Airport, Mark and I were weary travelers. I carefully eyed the place and found the thick crowd of hipsters not very promising. Mark explained: '" It's 5/4, Star Wars Day or something, and May The Fourth be With You". "And with you, when is Trekker Day?" I replied. Upon a closer look, I see they have a ton of cider options and become super excited. They have a pretty kick bar. Assuming the food is secondary, I let Mark order Jabba the Hummus, and some flame grilled burger with an egg on top for me. I keep thinking that there's some happy hipster out there who has waited a really long time to shape his hummus into a Jabba, so good for him! Then I get the dish. It's adorable. There are small pickles for fat little Jabba arms, and olives for eyes, and green pea skins for a nice green Jabba-like glow. It's tastes damn good too, the burger is even better, flamed deliciously to perfection and soaking in the yolk from the egg. They had the 501st there for photo ops, and the donations going towards the family of a six month old cancer patient. We left too early for photos, but Mark did contribute and we left happy. I will no longer judge a place by it's hipsters, but learn to appreciate what they have to offer and look past bad tats and piercings to the kind and friendly hipster I know they are inside. I'll be back!
A lot of beers on tap, which is great because majority of places called 'Taphouses' are not up to par. Our waitress was pretty friendly, sat down to talk to us which I was not accustomed to (I'm from New York)... She gave us a good review on a lot of beers and suggested her favorite burger. I got the Jalapino burger that was pretty heavenly. Their ketchup is addicting. It's home made and it tastes like it has some nutmeg and other 'pumpkin pie' like spices. That may not be the best description, but I guarantee it's fucking awesome. Some interesting decor, it's a really wide space. I think it'd be perfect to have shows there, cut of the dining area in half and put some amps in!
Great food great staff and the worlds greatest decor especially the Johnny Cash poster
Wish I could give 3 1/2 stars really. Let me explain, no that would take to long, let me sum up. First, they still have awesome burgers and tasty tots (especially with the cajun seasoning). Secondly, they have a great selection of beers. The Monk's Brew Belgian quadruple I had was as scrumptious as it was potent. However, I tried the pork belly sliders appetizers instead of a burger and they were just mediocre at best. There might have been two ounces of pork belly between all three sliders and that is very optimistic. Also, they had some simple pickle and "slaw" toppings and were kind of dry. A little hoisin sauce would have really helped. So, the Three Little Pigs was a throw away dish as was the desert. We tried the Dabbers Delight (not sure of the name here) but it was warm pound cake with a tiny amount of peanut butter and, literally, a dab of jelly, some marshmallow cream and a drizzle of peanut butter sauce. It was okay but pretty flavorless and just sweet. Maybe if there was actually some jam it would have been better. My companions veggie black bean and cheeseburger were both pretty darn good so that was good. I guess I just need to lower me expectations and stick with the burgers as far as food goes. All the other various beers we tried were decent so beer selection is always good. The service was great and the atmosphere was fun as well so I will be back for a burger and beer.
Goodness, where do I begin? The servers are knowledgeable, the beer selection is ridiculous, and the menu is outstanding. My favorite was the chicharron which was still cracking when it got to the table... I ordered it with sauce on the side and it reminded me of my great-grandmother. Love it.
After hearing all these great things about this place on Yelp, I had been dying to try this place.  I was on twitter and saw they had brought back the Oblividog, and I knew my time had come.  It was well worth the trip.  I'm a huge fan of interesting food you can't find elsewhere, and the Oblividog definitely falls in that category.  This thing was stuffed with cheese, wrapped in bacon, rolled in some sugar, and topped with this amazing smoked bacon tomato jam.  I can't describe the awesomeness that occurred when I first bit into this creation.  The tomato jam was unbelievable, and since I got it on the side, I dipped all my fries in it too. Not to be sold short, we also enjoyed the fried pork belly appetizer, with hot sauce of course.  Beer here is plentiful, and being a fan of stout beers, I had quite a few choices.  My wife had plenty of choices with cider as well, a favorite for her.  We will definitely be back here again.
Whenever I go to Orlando, I always make sure I get to Oblivion Taproom. Firstly, I thoroughly enjoy trying out all their different beers. I'm not really a fan of ciders, but for those that are, their cider choices are pretty extensive compared to what's offered at other restaurants. The bathroom is fun, offering a unique experience where peeing and sidewalk chalk meet. I absolutely positively love their tots. I love tots anyway, but their tots are that stuff. And finally, the piece de resistance- them burgers. Holy hell. I always get the Cheeeeeeeese, and I always enjoy it. After a visit here, I am sure to leave full (and sometimes have to puss out and get a to go box) and completely satisfied.
I visited last summer, and this place has an incredible draft beer selection, and even better food. A cool, kinda punk rock, vibe and hot waitresses make this a place I wish I could be at everyday.
I'd like to go back for round two. I've heard if you time it right their specials can be down right ridiculous. The night we went for some dinner the special of the day was a deep fried hot dog. Not really winning any awards with that in my base camp, oh well. We still wanted to try something a little off the beaten path so we split the Dumpster Plate for 2. Reads like a bar foodies dream come true: tots or fries smothered in nacho cheese, grilled onions, peppers and your choice of Philly Steak or black beans. It was pretty dank indeed. Hard to compare it to, say...the pork belly french toast I was tipped off about as having been a special in the past, but a tasty option nonetheless. Got a couple of drinks while we dined. As advertised, they really do have the largest cider menu in the city from what I've experienced. Enjoyed a nice tall bottle of Julian's for only 10 bucks. Great deal. Lotsa room, good music, lively atmosphere and a friendly waitress. Can see why this place is so popular. I mentioned a few drinks were enjoyed during the visit...so a bit of inebriation might've clouded my judgement when I created what I believed to be a uniquely superior name for a hybrid dipping sauce I was mashing my tots into. Took some siracha. Took some ranch. Proudly sat up and displayed what I called "Sirancha" to my server as she refilled our water. I wasn't waiting for my medal of creativity long before she mentioned, "Oh yeah...we make that here already...and that's actually what we call it." Right up to your face and diss you! Queue sad Charlie Brown music ala Arrested Development as I slunk back into my seat. Oh well, I still believe in myself. Speaking of dips for tots, it's my understanding that they make the ketchup in house? That would explain the unique taste. It was honestly the best ketchup I've ever had. I can't put my finger on a proper way to describe it. You'll have to stop in and make sure you give it a whirl yourself. I'm sure you'll agree. I'll be back!
Yummy food, awesome beer and cider selection, fun atmosphere...I love this place! Came here for dinner with Hubby and to meet some friends for drinks.  It was pretty crowded when we arrived, but we didn't have to wait long for a seat.  The waitress was friendly and attentive, and took our orders right away.  I'm definitely a cider girl, so I was giddy with excitement when I saw the selection of ciders they offer!  They even had the Woodchuck Private Reserve Pink (my fav)!  Hubby is a craft beer aficionado, and he was more than pleased with their beer selection.  Another fun note...I discovered that I like sour beer while at Oblivion!  I usually stick with the cider, but with encouragement from my friends, I decided to try something new.  It was so sour it made me pucker, but I loved it! For food, we started with the Pork Lovers Pigout (pork rinds smothered in cheese sauce, pulled pork, jalapeños and served with salsa and cumin-lime sour cream).  It was decadently delicious.  I would recommend not getting this unless you have a few people to share it with, as it's a huge portion and the pork rinds start to get soggy if they sit too long.  Then for our entrée, we split the Conley Burger (Italian sausage patty w/ bacon, house cured tasso and cheddar).  Let me tell you, there's something special about that burger!  Using sausage for the patty really makes it unique and puts it over the top.  For our side we got potato wedges.  I love how you can pick different flavors for the potatoes!  We went with Cajun and Hawaiian raw garlic...so good!  I can't wait to go back so I can try all the other flavors (Chicken salt? Hello!).  Heck, I can't wait to go back so I can try everything on the menu!  Oh, and they do offer a vegetarian burger and a vegan burger for those who don't eat meat. If you're watching your waist line or looking for a quiet night out, Oblivion may not be for you.  Otherwise, what are you waiting for?  Get your butt over there!  And don't forget to check in via the mobile Yelp app - you'll get 10% of your bill!
This place is awesome. I will definitely be back. The staff there is incredibly knowledgeable. The food is great and the beer is better. If you are in East Orlando, you gotta check this place out.
Great beer selection. Great service. Good food. I was hoping to try the spinach dip, but apparently they haven't had it in months. C'mon, a little sticker over the menu would save the waitress from having to explain that every time. The nachos were very disappointing... concession stand quality. But the burgers, large beer selection, and service made this a restaurant I would come back to. They really need to change the look of the place, because fom the outside I always thought it was some goth night club.
There is something about chicks in tattoos serving you a great beer! Atmosphere is amazing and the food is unique. One of the few places in Orlando where you can get a scotch egg and deep fried black eyed peas. Happy hour prices are not bad either. Great place to hang out with friends, good craft beer selection, and great pub food.
amazing amazing amazing
Hopsecutioner! Delicious. Great beer selection. Before I go any further, let me just tell you they are doing their own thing. I don't get the feeling Oblivion Tap room is trying to be a bar, nor are they trying to be a pool hall. First and foremost, they are a restaurant for the "rocker". If you like Kiss, Black Sabbath, Iron Maiden, Ice Cold Micro-Brews and really good food.. Then Oblivion Tap Room is for you.   The bar area is small. The beer selection, however; speaks for itself. The focus as I mentioned earlier is on the food and beer. It is for all purposes intended, a local Gastro pub. Food selections look very good and unique. I had the Jerk chicken sandwich that was very good, though I hear that the rest of the menu is incredible in comparison, which certainly make me look forward to my next visit since I thought the sandwich was fantastic to begin with.
I LOVE this place. The black bean patties are amazing. One of the waitresses told me on one visit that at least one of the owners is a vegetarian. The chef is always coming up with crazy daily specials, so join their Facebook page for updates. The rotating selection of beers is varied and the prices are reasonable. We like to come here most nights of the week but it gets busier as the night goes on. Tables are scarce on Friday and Saturday nights after about 8, so go early.
Very impressive beer list, cool vibe, and great food. The staff was super attentive, but almost to the point of being a little too much.. But thats much better than sitting their with an empty pint glass. I will definitely be back!
Beer selection is great here, and the burger's are great.
Good burgers, tots and beer!  Tons of craft beer to choose from no matter what you fancy (unless you fancy crap like Bud Light).  Vegan/vegetarian friendly since the owners are veggies.  They play good music and have a pool table.
One of my favorite places in orlando. Food is awesome, huge beer selection and free pool/ darts. Open till 2am. We have been some of the last people in there on multiple occasions and the staff is really friendly. I was there at midnight the day of my birthday and I got a free beer too! haha
So happy with the new chef and menu.  We went last weekend and everything was PERFECT.  Pretty sure we'll be there at least once a week.  I blame the 20 lbs I will gain on you!!
I visited on a Sunday afternoon with 2 friends and were basically the only people in the place. We ordered a couple of the beers on tap.  They had a one sheet full of choices, though many were the common beers you would see at The Milk Bar or Frank and Steins. They don't have sodas out of a fountain, only in bottles.  The silverware and plates were all plastic. Our pork belly appetizers, which came out at the same time as our meals, were slightly overcooked.  We got them with the medium sauce which seemed more mild. I ordered the Buffalo burger.  The burger patty itself was ok, but very small and thin.  The bread was dry, hard and crusty and I ended up just moving it to the side.  This made for a very expensive small burger bite. I ordered a side salad with their citrus vinaigrette.  The dressing was really tasty. My friends had the pretzel burgers, which looked tasty.  They raved about the homemade ketchup.  It is made in house and cold smoked giving it a definitely unique taste. I loved the pickle spears that came with the sandwich.  They had a little kick to them. The server was very polite and was great about suggesting the different sides available. The decor has a rock and roll/punk theme  Photos of various bands like The Misfits and The Clash were along the walls, as well as murals of skeletons.  The red and black of the tables blended in with the red and black of the walls and floor, which I felt was a lot. There are no TVs at the bar, so you aren't going to see any sports crowds at this place. I may try the place out again in a few months after they have their initial opening flutters out of the way.
This is such a fun bar to hang out at, any day of the week! Great atmosphere, patrons and staff.  Inside is a very large space which feels a little oddly laid out but they have lots of tables and booths, a very large L shaped bar and then a half wall with some more booths, pool tables and darts on the other side.  Inside is a darker color scheme, lots of red and black and has that dive feel without being dirty or smoky.  You can sit at a table or at the bar and you will have full service either way.  They have a ridiculous amount of beers on tap and bottles in the fridge that are always being rotated.  I love the theme parties they throw their such as Dr. Who, Quinton Tatentino and Alice in Wonderland night.  The staff get really into it as well, they seem to have an endless supply of costumes! A lot of the decorations get left up overtime which adds to the fun atmosphere.  I would love to give them 5 stars but since Chef Bruno was replaced by Chef Bill the food and themed menus put together just haven't been up to the incredibly high quality I had gotten used to.  Definitely check this place out  though and look up their fb page as they usually have one event a week.
Ok everyone has seen the reviews. So everyone thinks they know Oblivion. Well it's a craft beer bar that also has one of the biggest selections of ciders in central Florida. They also have a extensive line of beer on tap. And also have a wonderful staff that is knowledgeable as well on the products and menu. There food especially there wings. There signature was the smoked wings I would get them every time. That with there tater tots with old bay on them. There ketchup is smoked as well as the wings. It just doesn't get any better than this. The owners Pete and Missy are two cool kats. Go see them and you'll agree.
Awesome place for craft beers. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. Sweet place overall!
Went here today and got burgers and tots.  My husband had the 'my boy blue' burger and I had the 'hog wild' burger.  Both burgers were great but the real treat was their tots...I recommend the onion and chives seasoning.  The beer selection is amazing...huge beer menu, and you can get half sizes so you can try multiple kinds...like a build your own flight.  Service was also excellent as our waitress always gave great recommendations and was super friendly.
One of the greatest places I have eaten at in Orlando. The food was amazing and so was the selection of beers and ciders! This place is a must go.
I love dives.  That being said, the fact that Oblivion is an obvious dive does little to impact my rating of the place, because whether the place were a dive, or a Tchotchkies  kind of atmosphere, I probably would rate it what I did, based on service and quality of the food alone. Regardless, I was brought to Oblivion, because it was known that I liked dives, beer, and burgers that make people occasionally scratch their heads and squint an eye over how absurd they might be.  I can't speak much for whether or not it's a great location, as I'm playing tourist here, but I can recall that it wasn't at all inconvenient to get to, even on a Friday evening at what might've been considered rush-hour time.  It's directly off of a fairly main road, and I almost thought we were pulling into a strip mall or something, before it's a dark structure with lots of hand-painted words all over it. Entering Oblivion, it's pretty much the epitome of a dive, and I loved it.  Dark floors, dark walls, graffiti on the walls, pool tables and dart boards.  Regardless, such decor had no reflection on the staff I encountered, whom might've been expected to be akin to the rough-edged biker types that got their butts kicked by Arnold Schwarzenegger in Terminator 2, but were instead pleasant people, erring towards hipsters and closet geeks instead of cynical nerds instructed to act better than the customers. As luck would have it, it just so happened to be happy hour when I was there.  So beers were a dollar off, and it was off to the races.  Oblivion's draft menu is pretty expansive, and is a great experience to the traveler that wants to try new things.  I drank too much to remember the things that I tried, but I can attest that it was a few new brews. Since Oblivion was known for big dumb crazy burgers, it was destiny that I had to get one.  That being said, I went with a Wild Bill burger, which claims to have coleslaw, fries among other things, but what intrigued me was the crispy pork belly.  When it arrived, it was this behemoth of a burger that was hard to tell whether or not everything advertised was actually in it, since the only thing holding the whole thing together was a steak knife.  Regardless, I dug in with great enthusiasm, and found the entire burger to be a wonderful dining experience. Overall, eating a Wild Bill required the use of five napkins and an extra beer to wash down.  Not to be ignored was the fact that Oblivion had the option of tater tots as a side, which as someone who lives in a city where everywhere has tots, can truly appreciate having them as an option.  They cook them crispy, and give you the option of seasoning, which is uniquely appealing. As a whole, there was absolutely nothing bad about my experience dining at Oblivion.  Not a single one.  The music was good, the beer was excellent, service was great, the prices were reasonable, and the quality of the stupidly crazy burgers were fantastic.  Needless to say, if I lived in the area, this would without question become a regular hangout for me, waistline and cholesterol be damned.
i was recently in town for business, and really craving an awesome burger.  my dinner the night before at ROK:BRGR in ft. lauderdale totally left me wanting to quench my burger(blood) thurst. having done some thorough yelp research, i decided to give this place a try.  and BOY was i glad i ever did!!!  i mean, for crying out loud, how can a place that serves tater tots be bad??? =) this place totally rocks.  feels like a punk-rock dive.  huge restaurant with big bar and pool table in the back.  plenty of seating throughout, and the waitresses/staff were really cool.  some wore neon pink (or green) wigs.  hayley was my waitress, and she was totally cool.  and cute.  =) the beer menu is quite extensive. i went with the Bourbon Barrel Aged Barney Flats, and MAN WAS IT TASTY!!! i ordered a cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeese burger with cheddar, then my waistline added avocado, bacon, and a fried egg.  damn you, waist-line!!!  =)  as for my side, i went all out and got the tater tots seasoned with garlic parmesean.  awwwwwwwww yeahhhhhhhhhhh... hayley brought-out my meal, and i shit you not, i thought a bit of drool snuck outta the corner of my mouth.  =)  "damn it, i hope hayley didn't see that.".  you know, becuz she's cute and all.  =) for about a full minute, i just stared at my food.  and just soaked in all its heavenly goodness.  four slices of avocado.  bacon.  a fried egg.  the heavens just sang....  and then there were the tater tots, bathed in the glorious goodness that is garlic and parmesean.   i took one bite of the burger, and i'm pretty damn sure my eyes rolled back into my skull.  mmmmmmmm, now this is how you PROPERLY quench the blood/burger thurst...  flavor, FLAVOR, F-L-A-V-O-R...!  and they cooked it perfectly!  DO YOU HEAR THAT, ROK:BRGR?!?!  YOU IDIOTS!!  THE GUYS AT OBLIVION GOT IT RIGHT!!! i'm pretty sure that i inhaled the rest of the burger, becuz that's how fcukin' good it was. and finally, there were the tots.  i got one word for them: DAMN.  i mean, seriously, if you don't love tater tots, then i swear you're a commie.  =) it was soooo good, that i was scooping-up the garlic/parm seasonings with my fingers and savoring every single tidbit...!  i'm sure i left my shame somewhere on that table...  =) to sum it up, HOLY SHIT!  YOU GOTTA TRY THIS PLACE!! i really hope i can come back to orlando some day, becuz i really regretted not getting the smoked chicken wings.  i really wanted to, but my 40-lb-losing-guilty conscience wouldn't let me.   i CAN'T say, however, that this was a true FIVE STAR experience.  if i could, i'd give 4.5 stars.  the only way they would've truly earned 5 stars IMHO is only if the burger was a bit bigger.  oh i dunno, maybe 50% bigger??  =)  aw c'mon, can't a guy dream??
Full disclosure: I didn't know what to expect from Oblivion Taproom. It gave off the vibe of a biker bar. Thankfully someone at Cloak & Blaster assured me it was more of a geek bar. That's more my style. The place was decorated for Halloween. But I don't think that's too far off their regular theme. I ordered the Magic Mushroom burger, and my wife ordered the wings with BBQ sauce. My burger was really good. A bit more charred than I would have liked, but good, nonetheless. The wings though? Perfection! My wife said the wings rank among the top ten wings she's had in her life! That's high praise coming from her. We'll definitely be back when we're in the mood for wings! Protip: the ketchup isn't ordinary ketchup; It has pickling spices in it. I liked it, but my wife didn't. So test it out before squirting it all over your food.
Let me start by saying that if you order something with Miller or Budwiser in it's name from the bar then you are an idiot.  Even a Terrapin IPA is a poor choice here.  This place has one of the largest selections of craft beers and ciders in central Florida.  Don't know which one to choose?  Tell a bartender what you like and they will come up with choices. The bartenders here know their stuff.  The staff have it together and work together to make your dining/drinking experience the best it can be.  Now onto the food.  There are several regular dishes on the menu, but quite a bit of it rotates daily.  My advice is order anything, its going to be great.  Chef Goody does everything fresh.  He is comes up with all sorts of dishes that shouldn't make sense.  Then you think about it, really think about it and it does.  Why did no one ever think of this before?  Goody did!  Did I mention that he makes everything from scratch.  Even the ketchup is made in house.  Who does that?  Once again Goody does.  The pricing for food and beverage is set for the common man.  They could easily double their drink and food prices and the masses would still come.  I really wished I lived closer to this Gem.  Go, Go Again, and then Go Back.  You will eat something and drink something different everytime, and still be amazed!  Did I mention the bathrooms are spotless, and there are chalkboards to write on in them? Bottom line:  Great drink selection + even better food + wonderful staff + good prices = a really good time
We've been wanting to try the Oblivion Taproom for a long time now, but we always found ourselves over on the East side of town well before their 4pm opening.  On a recent Saturday night we were in the mood for burgers- Veggie burgers mind you and we happened to be over on the East side of Orlando. Oblivion taproom dining The atmosphere is dark but lively.  We were shown to a booth in the corner and began to look over the menu. We started with the fried pickles.  Thinly sliced, lightly breaded and deep fried.  They were tasty on their own, but dipped into the accompanying "Srirancha" sauce, they were spicy and tasty.  The sauce was a mixture of sriracha and ranch sauce. There is a number of burger variations on the menu and a veggie or black bean patty can be substituted for the meat on any of them, but we opted to try the two veggie burger options already listed on the menu. My friend tried the Black Sheep- a Vegan black bean patty with chipotle guacamole and pineapple salsa.  They were certainly not skimpy on the guacamole and the pineapple salsa was outrageous.  The black bean patty itself was not homemade.  While we prefer the places that do make their own veggie patties, we were pleased that Oblivion didn't choose to hide the fact they were frozen.  Some burger places try to pass off frozen patties as their own and that is horrible.  At least Oblivion can admit to it and I give them props for offering a veggie patty at all. On the side he ordered the fries.  The sides- fries, tator tots, and sweet potato tots are all given a seasoning option.  There are 8 different seasonings to choose from including chicken salt and Old Bay.  My friend chose parmesan garlic.  The fries were nice and thick, though thinner than traditional steak fries. I went for the Skinny Puppy burger- a Vegan soy patty with Swiss cheese, herb roasted mushrooms and fried onion straws on a pretzel bun.  Served with a side of beer cheese, this is dubbed as the "Pete" burger, "Pete" being the owner and this burger being his favorite.  I liked all the toppings though again, I was not a huge fan of the burger patty itself.  However, this burger would most likely be delicious with the black bean patty as well. I ordered the tator tots as my side item with the Hawaiian Raw Garlic as my seasoning.  They were amazing with large chunks of raw garlic sprinkled on top of the crispy tots. Besides a large beer selection, both on tap and in bottles, there is also a unique selection of sodas.  I tried the Sprecher Puma Kola- a rich spicy cola.  I was impressed.
Being that I'm not a big beer fan I was very apprehensive about our Thursday night visit. I was surprising my boyfriend and as soon as he saw the extensive beer menu he was immediately pleased. To my surprise they had a few beers for people like me that don't care for beers. The pizza and wings were excellent and the fried oreos delightful. So if you're dieting maybe its not for you. Otherwise its pretty good on service, food and variety.
This is our 'go-to' place now! So great and never Have found a thing we didn't love. Must have the wings with sauce on the side and you'll never order somewhere else!
Went here on a random Friday night after having not been in a while. Started with the fried pickles. Not the usual chips but rather pickle spears instead. The batter was superb and the pickles themselves were quite tasty. Came with a tasty remoulade.   I had a cider and the husband had a draft beer. They were out of a few beers but I guess that just means they are extra good. The cider selection is enough to please any lady, even though it's mainly bottled and not draft. Seriously, any place with Elderflower cider and Peach Cider has a place in my heart. We both ordered burgers medium rare, food took a while to come out but the burgers were cooked perfectly. My pretzel burger was delicious and the beer mustard goes really well with the pretzel. Hubs liked his bleu cheese burger. I got the fries and he got the tots. Both were good and the seasoning choices were fun. Overall very good experience! Food was real tasty and cooked well. Service was very nice and knowledgable. I took off 1 star because they use plastic silverware and they were out of a few beers and the place could use some sound dampeners, but overall if you like burgers and beer, and servers with lots of tats, this place is hard to beat! They should name this place Tater Tats LOL
From a giant draft and bottles list, to the biggest cider selection I've seen in Orlando, this is a great bar.  But wait, there's more! It also has a resident Chef by the name of Bill who makes some of the most delicious burgers and other creations I've had yet in the great city of Orlando. You'll be lucky if you get Krista as your bartender - she's the beer manager and knows what's up.  Her knowledge is pretty fantastic, and she can sling anything your way if you're looking for something they're not currently carrying. The Orlando Beard Club has their monthly meetups here.  They have events almost weekly, including The Great Hall Feast (Harry Potter) Oktoberfest, and pretty much an event for anything worth celebrating. There's ample parking, the hours are fantastic (4pm and onward) and the service has always been on point.  If you're looking for a really fun experience complete with Deep Fried Oreos, this is your place.  One of my Orlando staples.
Pretzel Burger is one of the best burgers anywhere.  They have great beer and the staff is really nice and helpful if you don't know kind of beer you want to try.
Not going to bother everyone with the repetitive How Great their Dry Rubbed Wings are review ........ (but Holy Crapazoid!! Those wings ARE the BEST I have EVER had!!!! and I don't usually like dry rubbed.  Dry rub always equates in my mind as  - well - dry - these were exceptionally meaty and exceptionally moist) I do want to say that I love good Customer Service and on that note - Miranda - Thank You! We weren't ordering much - and she knew that right away.  Two 50ish woman, dressed a little more middle classish then the usual crowd. We split an appetizer - that is never a good sign to a waitress .....but Miranda gave us her full attention and full positive personality.  Was very helpful with helping us decide on a beer for me and cider for my friend.  She gave me a couple of beer samples - again - GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!  Made suggestions to my friend on her cider.  Brought us our shared app of mushrooms.  Checked back to make sure we were happy with our choices.  Asked if I wanted another round and made a point of not taking my glass until the last sip was drained ;-) Well lo and behold, because we were enjoying ourselves and the great service so much - we had a third friend meet us there and would up ordering 4 rounds of drinks. I asked her what was a great second app to pick on because I was still hungry.  She suggested the wings.  And Again - Thank you Miranda!  The wings were so good we wound up ordering two more full orders of them and some salt & vinegar fries!   Will def be back for the great service - oh yea and those wings!!!
I try to space myself from James D.. But alas my time to review has arisen once the servers now know us. (repeat customers? No...) I don't know how to put it lightly. I really love Oblivion. As an ex-Brooklynite I miss that local vibe where beer menus are plentiful and the menu semi rotates. This is exactly what Oblivion offers. My man is a cider man, they really have quite possibly the largest cider list I've found in Orlando. This is great, really, most people dismiss ciders but they complement food so well, I've *gasp* even found myself craving a cider instead of a beer. But as the dedicated beer drinker in this duo, there is a great selection that gets changed up. They allow you to sample 2 beers to pick from, which is something I havent tried yet... I just risk it. I'm cool like that. Honestly, I'm just happy to have my favorite bar food joint to have Brooklyn Brewery on tap, and not just the lager. The food. It's awesome. Seriously, I think of oblivion for their food and then the drinks, but really the two go together so perfectly :) The one time I regretted ordering something was a dessert and only because it wasn't something I craved naturally (mint based flavor) and I don't really do desserts unless it's cheesecake. The burgers are perfectly seasoned and cooked as requested. I have to commend whoever is in the kitchen for consistently cooking the burgers correctly. I order medium and it's spot on (dare I say even down to the correct temperature too, wouldn't be too shocked...). Of the burgers, I'm a fan of the Pretzel and the Cheeeese. The pork lovers nachos are really something - you dont see pork rinds enough in typical US food, maybe its the Colombian in me, but I love the idea of this and it tastes so much better than regular nachos (which they do have if you're not a pork person). The italian corn dog is a beast, it's a meal on it's own and I was slightly embarrassed trying to handle this massive meat stick with my child sized hands. Theres so much more to comment on, but personally I'm just so grateful for the seasoned chips/tots. Try all the flavors, each time we've gone we do a different flavor because we can. The daily specials is what does me in, it's what motivates me to go in as frequently as I do. There are themed days, such as Tot Tuesday (used to be Taco Tuesday) which allows you to create a potato based bowl of food. As of currently, the poutine is my weakness. We've brought many friends here and I'm glad we have because they've appreciated the food and variety in drink. A friend from out of town made the comment that it was very hipster-ish, I don't know, I feel that the very concept of hipster is a broad concept and could apply to most of anything in Downtown Orlando. So, if you appreciate quality food, variety of drink, and awesome service (and if you're a Detroit fan and want to watch a game) give Oblivion a shot! Oh and dont forget to visit the bathroom and write on the chalk boards ;)
I just went back for the first time in about a year with a friend. Loved it. Used to come to Oblivion almost every single weekend with a friend for the specials.  Their events are great, I look forward to making one again soon. They changed chefs and for a while the food was not the same, but I am so glad they changed the menu. The changes were overdue and brought Oblivion back to its rightful status as the foodie beer snob place I I cannot live without. Lots of good vegan and vegetarian options. Also, almost everything on the menu can be changed to be made vegan or vegetarian. I eat meat occasionally but I have a few friends that do not and struggle finding options when we go out to eat. Plus, I like to try vegan stuff once in a while.  It is always nice when a place as cool and rough around the edges as Oblivion offers that flexibility. Tried the vegan chicken with the Mac Daddy and it was amazing. My vegan friend had one of their most famous burgers, the Wild Bill, with vegan chicken instead of the burger, goat cheese instead of pork belly on a vegan bun, which she loved. As always, the beers are amazing and well worth the price. Don't get me started on the waitstaff. I love them all. A few of them remembered me when I went back, which was really touching since I have not been back in a while. Myranda is definitely my favorite. She is very enthusiastic and really takes her time to help me or my friends with our orders every single time. I cannot wait to go back. Oblivion is definitely a foodie's dream.
My boyfriend and I go here often for the beer selection and the great food. Even though we have very different tastes in beer, there's always quite a few each of us want to try. The food has consistently been good, even though the prices went up when they changed chefs.  Try a burger or philly cheese- delicious!
The Wednesday smoked wings are tasty. Everything served here appears to be homemade, including the ketchup. There is free pool, darts and a plastic bowling set for my 5 year old. Kids love the root beer and parents enjoy the beer and cider.
When I heard talk about Oblivion I was expecting a nice tap bar with decent bar food to order, but when we arrived opening night it was more a restaurant with a bar.  The layout and decor of the place is interesting, with a seated area divided by a small wall that holds one pool table on the other side with a few booths... I don't know what it was, maybe lighting, maybe the strange comparison of the crowded seated area and the wide space of the other half and bar, but it wasn't a comfy-feeling environment.  The bar wasn't too full, but we still had a wait trying to grab a beer.  We ended up giving up and leaving before trying anything on tap.  Sounded good, but ended up lacking.
Oblivion is one of the best beer/bar places I've been to in Orlando.   They cook food to order,  staff is super friendly and isn't afraid to give sass back if given to them.   Prices are worth what you get and atmosphere is awesome.   Thier selection of beers and ciders is amazing. Definately a place to go if you want a great burger and some brew.
Fantastic place for beer. We love trying new beers and this is the perfect place for variety.  I'm not giving five stars bc I wish they offered standard beer flights and the food was just ok. But for beer, this is the place to go.
I came here on a Sunday night with a friend for dinner and we were so impressed: with the service, our server's knowledge of the menu, and the cider selection! Our server was awesome. He sat with us and recommended drinks and burgers. He even invited us to their Hogwarts Great Hall celebration, which unfortunately was after we were flying home. I was so bummed because the event sounded awesome, and I'm also a huge Harry Potter nerd. The ciders were great and we were both introduced to things we had never tried before. I had the pretzel burger and it was good. I enjoyed the huge burger menu and the several ways you could customize fries. The food was great and the price was amazing. We each had burgers and 5-6 drinks totals and our bill was less than $60. We were so pleased and can't wait to come back the next time were in town for business.
I have truly been missing out!  Came here with some friends before going to watch the Knights beat up on ECU.  If you were to glimpse inside this night you'd see:The place has an open layout with tables and booths in the first room and a bar and pool table in the connecting room.  Lots of skull art, a few flags on the ceiling and waitresses with tattoos.  The clientele look like everyday people walk in to any bar and most have an ice cold beverage and food on the table. The variety of beer AND cider available here will have most people sipping away on something satisfying each and every visit.  One of my friends advised me to try the Conley Burger and I couldn't have been more happy with my selection. House cured spicy tasso on an Italian sausage patty with Applewood bacon and cheddar cheese? WOW.  This made for a deliciously new burger experience for me.  Add *fresh and crispy tater tots with cajun seasoning to the mix and you are now talkin about taste bud glory!  Washed it all down with a Begian IPA ( A little Sumpin' Wild) and a bottle of Hornsby.  The prices were good, our waitress Kristian was friendly and attentive, and our overall consensus was that we need to return.  Depending on where you live  this place is kind of out of the way.  However, if you are ever on Colonial and need a place to get a beer and a great meal, look no further. Oblivion Taproom is it!
Every time I eat at Oblivion its the same old story; I recommend you follow my script because its a recipe for success. 1. Burn mouth on a piping hot, irresistibly juicy, crispy skinned, and super meaty dry-rubbed wing. Its worth the pain. Don't forget to dip in bleu cheese and hot sauce (best to get it on the side or you won't be able to savor the dry rub spices). 2. Take a few gulps from one of the ephemeral beers on their ever-changing draft list. It's not hard to find one that you like, but drink up while you can because it won't be around for long. I prefer the higher ABVs and they always have plenty to choose from. 3. Holy grail of burgers finally arrives. Make sure to cut it in half so you can appreciate that it is cooked to perfection (deep pink for me) and observe how the juices have neatly soaked into the locally produced brioche bun (Olde Hearth Bread, I think?). 4. Alternate between bites of the holy burger and awesomely crunchy tots seasoned with one of many options (I like Old Bay and cajun (not a fan of the garlic parmesan... it competes with the other flavors)). Don't neglect your beer in the process. 5. Sit back (at this point your stomach will be so engorged that you really won't have a choice), enjoy another beer or two, and tip your Sons of Anarchy lookin waitress well because she deserves it.
Burgers, tots, beer, and skulls. Oblivion does them all and does the first three very well! Their menu is all about the burgers, but I went a little against the grain and ordered their locally made vegan sausage corndog. No, I am not a vegetarian. I love a good burger as much as the next carnivore, but I can never pass up a corndog (it's my county fair weakness). Oblivion did not disappoint! The obviously handmade corndog was battered and fried to perfection. Give it a try and don't pass on the tots. They are scrumptious and you have over 5 flavors to choose from. Top it off with one of the local brews they have on tap and you will be in bar food heaven. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the prices are a tad high, but still reasonable.
I started off with a cider that was strawberry-lime flavored...yum! Then my friend and I each ordered a burger and split it.  She got the Pretzel which had house made beer mustard, lettuce and tomato, all on a pretzel bun with a side of their beer cheese sauce.  This burger was okay.  The beer cheese (sadly) wasn't my favorite.   I got The Elvis.  It had Banana-Peanut Butter spread, bacon and a hunk of burnin' love.  Until I just re-read this, I didn't remember the banana part because it didn't have a banana-y flavor.  But the peanut butter part...oh my goodness.  I wasn't sure how it would be on a burger but it was absolutely delicious!  It was the perfect combo.  I'd so get it again! And then the tator tots. I'm not a huge tator tot person, but the waitress recommended these over the fries. And I'm so glad she did!  They were perfectly crispy! And they have all these seasonings you could choose from.  I got the Parmesan Garlic.  I have been craving these tator tots again!  (although they have several other flavors I want to try too!  chive & onion, salt & vinegar, and I'm interested to know what the Hawaiian Raw Garlic one is). Then for dessert they had DEEP FRIED OREOS!!  I love deep fried oreos but can never find them. Yes, I really can't wait to go back to Oblivion Taproom!
Their old chef moved to Shipyard and tonight was the big reveal for their new menu. Burger prices went up to $12-14 because "the meat is better" but I didn't feel like I was eating something that much better. Honestly, it was a bit greasy and the flavors just didn't come together like they should have. A lot of the menu sounds pretty creative in the descriptions, but I didn't have anything that really made a significant impression... I will say that the beer selection is excellent. I really liked the eclectic crowd. This place has a lot of potential and I hope to see it get better!
Oh, Oblivion, my second visit has been well overdue for years now. Yes, years. On my first visit, I went with my way cooler sister and my now bro-in-law, and I should have dropped to my knees, thanking them for a fantastic suds and grub experience. The judgmental, finicky diner could quickly write-off OTR as a "biker bar" or "rocker joint," as the atmosphere has a cool vibe, there is a pool table in the back, and the servers are dressed in black. Looking closer, you'll see  some awesomely surreal murals on the walls, meet some of the nicest and hardest working servers in Orlando, and a crowd of patrons truly enjoying their dining experience.   With an extensive beer list, a moderate wine list, and dizzying long list of ciders. I like that my wine drinking gal pals have an option, and better yet, with what feels like "too many ciders to choose from," there's the opportunity to encourage them to try something new. Far be it for me to go to a tap room, and not order anything from the taps. I wound up with one and a half drinks as when I ordered my first drink (Hitachino Yuzu Saison), I wound up tapping the keg out! That was certainly a first for me. I moved over to the Zombie Killer Cyser (Cider) which I would highly recommend to anyone trying ciders out for the first time. As OTR was our post-event rendezvous spot, we skipped the entrees and went for Tater Tots. Had I remembered that a side of of Tots was a rather buff basket of childhood potato-y bliss, we might have consolidated our effort. My Mootaters (basket of tater tots unabashedly coated in cheese sauce) had a nice kick with the cajun seasoning added. Try as I may, it beat me in the end, but I waves that white flag of surrender proudly. Even with a healthy, Wednesday evening crowd (including one 20+ group of folks in the middle of the dining room), the service was friendly and efficient. I was crushed to learn that I missed several of their massively popular themed dining nights, so I'll have to get my finger on the pulse post haste! Can't wait to visit again.
I have passed this place every day for years and I always avoided it due to it's strange appearance from the outside. I never really knew if it was a pool billiard or a biker bar or what was going on, but a couple weeks ago a friend told me it was a restaurant and tap room and that the food was off the chain. Well, I finally decided to stop in the other night and to say the least I was not very impressed. The sweet potato fries and the burger were pretty good, but the drink menu was ridiculously priced. I paid over $20 for a cider I can get at Total Wine for $8-9. I had the stuffed mushrooms for an appetizer and they appeared to be cool enough to eat on the outside so I bit into it and I burned my mouth so bad I couldn't eat comfortably for the next couple days. My guess is it was microwaved, not to mention $8 for 3 small mushrooms, what a joke. To top off the over-priced dining experience there were fruit flies swarming over our heads and food, the place is not the cleanest. I gave it two stars because I was impressed with the serving of sweet potato fries (most places skimp you) and the burger was pretty good, but aside from that the staff is lazy, the prices are through the roof, they are not keeping up on their pest control and they are clearly using microwaves to cook some of their foods.
Great experience here. We asked our server for recommendations and everything was spot on from the ciders she recommended to the food. The dry rub chicken wings were amazing. Will definitely come back to try some of the other items on the menu.
So glad Oblivion is finally open! I was here at 4pm sharp on opening day for lunch. & then returned a few hours later for dinner & drinks. I love all the decor, the space, & all the awesome servers! I love this place. The food is amazing, everything (except tots) is made fresh daily & you can taste it. Ive had a pretty good sample of most of the menu by now... I was highly dissapointed by the fried pickles. They usually win my heart, but broke it in this case =( Im used to pickle chips being the pickle of choice. But Oblivion has chosen flat sandwich stackers, & they are soggy & not tasty. I also did not like the lemon sauce that was served with it (highly suggest the ranch instead). I am a picky pickle eater! Tonight I tried the Beer chilie.  I hate to say this, but Ive had better chilie from a can =( It was just not impressive enough for me. The burgers, however, are THE BOMB. They are all incredible & they definitely got it right in that department. I LOVE LOVE LOVE how you can chose a seasoning with your fries, tots, wedges or fresh chips. Theyve got sour cream & chive, Cajun, parmesan, Hawaiian raw garlic (holy sh*t, amazing). Ive tried them all with all different potatoes & they are amazing!   You cant possibly get any better of a beer selection. Reminds me of Redlight Redlight, with the huge menu of never heard of beers, but it is a million times better. Its a descriptive menu, & the service & atmosphere are just right on point. They have beer floats!! Bacon ice cream, in a mocha beer with maple whipped cream & bacon dust on top!!!! Havent tried it yet, though. One of the many incredible, unique things on the menu. Overall, this place is highly impressive. Im so glad this exists in Orlando...we needed it.
Updating my review so I could give a 5 star rating to a local place that really deserves it! I had a great experience here with friends recently and it just reminded me how awesome this place is. They get kudos from me for their extensive cider menu and having my favorite (Rekordelig Wild Berries) available.  On this go around, I ordered the Jerkin' Yer Chicken sandwich with a side of the tator tots with Cajun spice. OMG this meal was sooo good! The house jerk rubbed chicken breast combined with the grilled pineapple and avocado puree worked. You can also get bacon added if you desire. You HAVE to get the tator tots for your side . I love the Cajun seasoning but am mildly curious about the Wasabi powder for next time.  Shake Shack has nothing on this place. I would gladly wait in line to dine here over the latter. And, no worries, they have multiple vegetarian and vegan options! Oh and if you feel like really splurging, get an order of fried oreos. They come 6 to an order dusted with powdered sugar and a caramel sauce. Mmmmmm Service was spot on, really consistent and friendly. We weren't rushed to order, didn't get any snarky looks or eye rolling for indecisiveness. These were hard working , friendly gals that obviously love their job and it showed!  Annnnd they honored the 5% Yelp check in discount for each of us that checked in! All around awesome place and fun environment for large groups. I highly recommend!
This place is amazing. Lambic on tap? HECK YEAH!
I went with a friend, I thought it was a  biker bar and didn't want to go initially.. LOL It's not. The restaurant is a little dark inside with pool tables and dart boards off to one side, a bar area and a table section.   We sat at a table and ordered food. The staff were friendly and the food was good.  We ordered the hummus, sweet potato tots and fried green tomatoes.  All were good, the sweet potato tots had an awesome dipping sauce and were great!     Definitely stop in for really good bar grub and beer.
Amazing burgers and great atmosphere. The selection of craft beers is pretty impressive. Make sure to ask if they have any beers on special. I think if you check in on Yelp you get a discount as well!
Sometimes you just need a good burger and beer to shake off a hectic week. Oblivion is the perfect spot to do this. With an impressive beer menu, great fun atmosphere with a nice mix of people, and a crazy good food menu, you will not be disappointed. I never have been! If you need assistance choosing a beer, the staff is knowledgeable and will help you decide based on your taste preferences. They even offer 5 ounce pours for half price, so you can sample around to see what you like without making a commitment to a pint. As for the food... all I can say is YUM! There seems to be a new burger joint opening each week around town, however Oblivion is still my favorite. On my last visit, I tried the Big Elvis- banana peanut butter (sounds funky, but it works) and bacon on the most perfectly cooked patty. Toss in some Parmesan garlic fries and you have a happy Pam. The wings here are no joke either. Nicely sauced, with lots of flavor. Again, add in a side of their seasoned fries or tots, and you will not be sad. And top off the meal with an order of fried Oreos. I wasn't understanding what all my friends were raving about, until I finally experienced it for myself. I wish I could stop craving them, as they are now part of the order when I visit!
This is food that I want to eat every day. The tater tots are fantastic, the burgers are delicious, and the selection of drinks is expansive. I don't drink beer, but they have a great list of ciders and specialty sodas that I sample every time I'm there.
For some reason I thought this was a night club. So when my boyfriend and I were bar hopping and decided on a whim to stop in here, I was pleasantly surprised that it was more of a restaurant/bar with pool tables and awesome staff. I can't remember our servers name but he was very knowledgable about the menu and extensive drink list. We didn't know what to order so he suggested cider (which was perfect for me considering I am gluten-free). I was a little hungry so I ordered a side salad. It was pretty small, but once we got our bill, I realized he hadn't charged me for it. So it was an added bonus, of course. They have a seating area outside for those smokers out there. I would come back for sure, just for their cider list. Everything else is an added bonus.
Visited for the first time just last night. Great place to catch up with friends and actually hear each other talk. Awesome selection of beer and the menu to walk you through. The staff was also cool in offering selections. I had the Dale's Pale Ale with a veggie burger and some tatter tots. All super solid. Love the veggie friendly options. I also like the edgy, skeleton day of the dead type of vibe.
Standard sportsbar fair - but a cut above - awesome beer list
I've now been going here for months, and on top of the fact that the owners feel like they know me, they are very involved in the everyday success of the place. They always have some fun events planned as well as the most delicious food concoctions I've even had the pleasure of putting in my mouth. The beer is well priced, especially for craft beer! Nice rotation of the 40 taps, plenty of bottles. The wall paintings down to the whimsical decorations in this place make it the most unique bar I've ever been to. Plus, you'll never hear Britney Spears or Bieber on the playlist here! (thank the gods). I have come on Tater Tuesday (really who doesn't love tater tots smothered in random toppings), Wing Wednesday (my fave wings ever) and Stout Sundays, as well as on now extremely busy Friday and Saturday nights (can't find parking after 10pm). The beer flights are fun, and if like me you've never had a mixed beer (I was afraid) try one! They're posted on the chalk board behind the bar. For Star Wars weekend, they did a Darth Malt which was a Spaten Optimator with a Young's Double Chocolate Stout, which was fricken ridiculously good and strong :) So if you haven't checked this place out already, you should. They also have a growing selection of ciders and on occasion they also have Meade. Food recos: Pretzel burger, hot wings, taters with bacon gravy and pulled pork, home made chips with cajun seasoning... You won't be disappointed.
I had the Hog Wild and it was perfect. About 2 weeks ago I had the pretzel cooked rare, and boy was it amazing. A little before that I had the pretzel burger. Divine stuff. The beef is packed with flavor. The key to any restaurant is consistency and I must admit Chef Bill is doing a great job! Of course as usual the beer selection is the best in town. And just FYI this place is not a dive. Do not pay mind to those reviewers that apparently think any place unlike the Ritz is a dive.
LOVE this place. The food is good, the beers are good, the staff is nice. The wife and I hit here regularly by ourselves or to meet friends, always a good time. Burgers are great, wife got me hooked on the black bean burgers- so flavorful. I switch up between the beef patties and the bean patties, the various toppings are all awesome. The fries with Cajun seasoning are the best! The staff always makes great recommendations on the new beers moving in and out. Most recently, the pumpkin beers were much better than other places we had around town.
My husband and I finally tried the Oblivion Taproom.  I have been intrigued due to the reviews from yelpers.  It's near my house but frankly the outside looks like a club/bar and doesn't seem like someplace you want to go eat in, more like a place you want to go pick a fight in.  I couldn't have been so wrong.   I'm so glad we gave it a try.  I'll try to break it down.  First of all, it does looks sort of like a mess from the outside with the graffiti and skull and crossbones (which are a fork and spoon in instead of bones - clever)   When you walk inside you will feel like you are someplace else.  I felt like I was in a roadhouse.  Also, you will notice there are no TVs  (What OMG...how can Americans eat without Sports on  TV to mesmerize them)  That was a plus for me.  There was a bar on the right you could mosey up to.  My husband and I chose to be seated in a comfy booth.  The booths were all upholstered in a deep red fabric which felt like a bordello, which was cool. Music - 80s post punk and some rockabilly - Think The Clash and Johnny Cash Covers - LOVE! Beer selection was excellent as others have mentioned.  And the Beer menu even had that days date printed on it, fresh!   Our server was very young but could answer our questions about what beer to try.   I loved my cider and my husband liked his IPA The regular menu was so innovative and interesting.  I really don't have time to type all the interesting offerings but someone has posted a photo here, check it out! We ordered an appetizer of parmesan garlic tater tots and for entrees I got the wings and a side salad my husband got weinersgiggle, which is two sausages and sauerkraut. My side salad and wings were fantastic.  I think what made it was the housemade ranch for my salad and house made blue cheese for the wings.  Amazing! I didn't like my husbands as much as mine but still very tasty housemade sausages.  Sauerkraut was flavorful for sure. The waitstaff was very friendly and helpful, and all tattooed.  Don't let that deter you there were business people there for happy hour, students, all types of folks. I'm going to definitely be back on a day when I'm feeling really hungry and adventurous.
The food at this place is above and beyond what I expected.  The flavors of the dishes we tried were outstanding, and the service was excellent.  The decor is a bit dark and while it was said to be "family friendly" I am glad we didn't bring our three year old.  It is of course named "Taproom" so the fact that it was more bar-like was not a shocker.  The hubs and I don't drink, so outside of getting a meal here, it wouldn't be a place we would frequent.  I enjoyed the food, but would probably prefer take-out.  Just not my scene...but the food is really great, in my opinion.
Everyone loves beer and burgers, even vegetarians which they do accommodate!  The burgers at Oblivion are massive, juicy, and delicious.  No doubt they are pricey, but totally worth it.  To make things even better, you can even get tater tots as a side! For the beer lovers, there is an extensive draft, bottles, and cider selection. Their current list can be seen here: obliviontaproom.com/the-… I've kept this short and sweet, so if you're in the mood for burgers skip McDonalds and give Oblivion a try.
This place is fantastic! A great selection of beers and some of the most delicious food we've ever had. Chef Bill is amazing at his job. He even came over to our table to ask how we were enjoying everything. He really seems to have a true passion for his work. Everything we had was delicious and we could tell was very fresh. They even make their own ketchup.. which we hope they start to bottle and sell soon. Bring your appetite though because the portions are no joke! They serve a full menu til last call as well! Oh and our server was great as well. I wish I could recall her name but she was very nice, friendly and attentive server. I hope we end up in her section next time we come. Enjoy Orlando!
Oblivion, Oblivion, Oblivion. . . . What can I say, been in Orlando just 9 months and knew about this place for a while and very disappointed in myself that it's taken me this long to go here. This place is by far one of my favorite places in Orlando, the atmosphere is great. All the people are there to have a good time and enjoy the delicious food and huge selection of beers and ciders. I mean really they have a huge, huge selection of beer and ciders I had no idea what to get but thankfully I had a cool bar staff Diane and Christian that came and took the time to help me out and let me try a few different beers before I decided. I was greatly recommended to this place by my yelp elite buddy's Colleen and Elizabeth in which I thank them both because I was very impressed with the food here. I had the (Mac Daddy) which is Mac and cheese and your choice of meat bacon or pulled pork, I got the pulled pork and I have to tell you I've never liked Mac and cheese but Oblivion converted me, this was the best Mac and cheese I've ever ever had and I can not wait to eat it again and again. I also had cause I was told too their dry rub wings which I have to say I travel a lot I'm a wing fanatic, I had some good wings between Orlando and NYC and Buffalo to DC and these are on my top list of best wings I've had in my life! I also had the opportunity to see and thank the head chef for the awesome meal I had endured. Sooooo happy I came here and thank my fellow yelpers that told me to go here, I can not wait to come back and try something new but if I have the same thing as before I'll leave just as happy lol. The only thing I could think of that I wasn't crazy about was that they have no liquor cause I'm not much of a beer drinker, but the food is sooo awesome that doesn't matter I'll just drink before I get there and have a cider.
I really enjoyed this place! Good beer selection, service, and good food, although the menu doesn't offer many options.
Came in tonight for the new menu (again). It's hard to believe that Oblivion could get better... But it did. New menu release was another great hit. Had the fried green tomatoes (which I highly recommend if you are into them), chicken tenders (moist, crispy, delicious!!!), and the soul scorcher. Burger was fantastic as always and the appetizers blew our entire party away with how fantastic they were. Well done again Oblivion.
For years, I thought this place was just some biker bar off colonial. Don't let the looks and location deceive you. This place is one of the best hidden gems of Orlando. Home of easily my favorite burger AND wings in Orlando. The food here is amazing and they have a beer/cider list that matches it. 50+ ciders and an extensive craft beer list to wash whatever you order down. They're open late too because they also have a fully stocked long bar and a pool table and dart boards. Make this place a priority if you haven't dined here yet.
Oblivion rocks my f*cking world. I had their wings 3 years ago and it changed my life. I refuse to eat wings anywhere else. Chef smokes them every Wednesday (along with other stuff)! Their burgers....come ooooonnnnn. No competition. Do you want banana peanut butter spread on your burger? How about smoked bacon? Why not even add some pork belly? You're not finding this food anywhere else in Orlando, Chef Bill and his kitchen elves are handling business. Their beer selection is off the chain. Multiple choices for ANY style of beer your taste buds are craving. The bartenders know what's up. Coolest owners I've ever met. Down to earth staff, chill environment. Definitely worth checking out.
Oh blivion!  What can I say, i thoroughly enjoy sampling craft beer and good food.  Outside of Oblivion, my experiences have usually ended up with a mutually exclusiveness with good beer and good food.  But alas, Oblivion Taproom has delivered in a big way.  Their craft beer selection is well thought out, diverse and Very reasonably priced.  Combine this with their great tasting burgers, ever changing specials and the always delectable tots/sweet potato fries.  I have been to Oblivion about 20 times and I have not been disappointed.  Great service, knowledgable staff and fantastic ownership.  I'm sure I could list a few items that didn't hit the mark but i would be nick picking for no reason.  Give them a try and enjoy the total package of good beer and great food.
I got the wings but I saw the mushroom burger ..and dayuum I immediately wished I had made that choice. The wings are large and for $1.00 a piece they needed to be. My server recommended  a mix of hot and barbecue .. it was tasty but not much kick. Wish I had gotten the big ass mushroom burger ....sssssshyt! But i was pleased .... It looks like a dive bar when you walk in but everyone is super friendly .... It is a little dark ...nahhhhhh it's a lot dark ......but it is sooooo interesting ... the people and the bar itself ...... it's more a 3.5 but i have to go back to try that mushroom burger - I'm gong to have dreams about the "one that got away" try it ..........
I've driven by probably a hundred times and never thought to go in, but am sure glad I did! Who knew that it was such a cool space inside and that they serve up delish food! My hubby loved the philly cheese and I am a huge fan of their veggie burger. There were a lot of other yummy sounding things there that we will definitely be back to try.
Good bar food, the tater tots covered with cheese & bacon were my favorite. Good selection of beers & great selection of ciders.  Recommend giving it a try.
My second time at Oblivion this time sitting at a table instead of the bar. A little like sitting in a warehouse no comforts or warm cosy feelings just a bunch of tables and booths in a big empty room. Our server was very attentive and helpful to my husband with the beer selection as they have a ridiculous amount on offer.. Although you will find it a struggle to find just a basic lager there. I ordered the lamb kebob which I enjoyed although I wouldn't have again.. I'm more of a sliced meat type of girl. My gyro arrived with an over sized lamb meatball in it so my first four bites were just bread and salad with the next four being basically all meat and then the last four back to bread and salad. I did however have the BEST bottle of cream soda it was so good I took one to go for later. I for the most part I have enjoyed my two visits here and will more than likely return again but I'm in no great hurry to rush back. But next time I do I will go for the pork belly sliders in boa buns they were delicious
CRAFT BEER LIVES HERE! I like Oblivion for their beer menu.  They have a great tap rotation and I can always find something I haven't tried before here.  I'm probably too old for whatever the vibe or the scene that's going on there.  I'm not sure if it's hipster, goth, or something else, but most of the folks are friendly enough, so I'll deal with it for the beer. The majority of the bartenders have been nice and super knowledgeable. I'm not a fan of the way the bar is set up.  It's hard to talk to the bartenders and they have to reach way over the tap handles to serve you, but again, I'm just here for the beer, so I'll deal with it. I've tried a few of the things on the menu such as the wings and the pretzels and it's all be good.  I just wish they would expand their menu a bit.  I've heard that their burgers are good, but I haven't had one yet.
Wow. I have been being told to get over here for a while now but had to wait for date night to make it happen. If you are a beer fan, make sure you do your homework as their menu will keep you busy for a while. There are more the. A few items that I have never heard of before and am very glad to now have been introduced. One in particular was the creme brûlée which did sneak up on me a bit and was great with the churros. Amazing first time visit. Can't wait to give it another try!
This is a really neat place with some great ambiance. The decor inside is very original and the restaurant is extremely spacious. They have an amazing selection of craft beers as well as over 100 ciders! The wings were absolutely out of the world and you def can not leave this place without trying the sweet potato tots!! Yummy! As far as the burgers went... I wasn't really blown out of this world. My group tired the El Guapo, another burger and The Elvis. Needless to say all three of us thought the Elvis was a horrible recommendation by a local - we each took a bite and left it to waste. To be honest, It was all of our first time there and I was a little disappointed that after we let the waitress know the burger was a flop she didn't suggest to switch it out with something else. I ended up sharing half my burger with my friend so she had something to eat and she ended up paying for a burger she returned... pretty poor service in my option.
Great beer selection, casual dining, punk rock environment, awesome food.   I would've never tried this place due to its exterior appearance and random location, but due to the high reviews on yelp and being a fan of trying new things in Orlando, I checked it out the first chance I got - "You never judge a book by its cover" is extremely true in this case.  I would highly recommend their wings and the pretzel burger. The cheese sauce for the burger and the tator tots made my meal.  The waitress was attentive and kind, and suggested their most popular items.  Would definitely go again.
Came here because my brother brought home some to-go and i ate some of the tator-tots with their special ketchup lol. I liked it and was like where is this place! So i finally tried this place out. My brother said its like a biker bar and Ive been watching Sons of Anarchy recently,but when i came there i saw no harleys outside lol. Inside was dark and different but interesting. The service was good and checked up on us frequently. The food was delicious, i got the Wild Bill burger medium and plain tots. My gf got the avocado/guac one (forgot what it was called). Both were good but im not a fan of avovado. She said it was probably one of the best burgers she had. Mine had pork belly in it and being asian this was a familiar cut of meat that i enjoyed. Id come here again when im craving a nice burger or have friends that never went here before.
Awesome place for a great selection of beers. I'll be back for food & more beers!
Finally got a chance to visit OT. I went early, about 5pm, last Friday. There was one long table celebrating Missy's (the owner) birthday. The greeter and my waitress were very friendly and helpful. (I'm 67, use a cane, and half deaf.) I had visited their website and Yelp reviews, so I had an idea of the menu. Lindsay picked out a large-bottle cider for me, JK Scrumpy something. Tasty, but filling. Next time, I'll get small cider and lager. I tried the Wild Bill Burger, with Chive and Onion Tots.   Burger was huge, good, cooked as ordered and too much for me, since I pigged out on the Tots. OML, so good! People started rolling in around 5:45.
We were looking for somewhere to have a burger, a beer and play some pool. Atmosphere: We were there on a Sunday evening. It was pretty full, but not packed. We could easily carry on a conversation. It was a mix of people and age ranges. Beer: Great selection for the most part. Several that were listed on the draft menu were not available. The only down side is that they dont let you have a taste before buying like many of the other tap rooms do.   Food: We ordered the boiled peanuts that were a daily special. They were boiled in the pickle brine. Unless you really really like pickles, I wouldnt recommed these. The vinegar was overpowering. I had the burger on a pretzel roll. I'm really happy that I asked for the mustard ont he side becuase the caraway seed flavor in it was really strong. If you like caraway; you'll love this. Yummy, juicy burger; yummy soft prezel roll! My BF ordered the jerk chicken sandwich. He said it was really good, not too spicy. One of our friends ordered a burger with jalapeno cream cheese. He said the cream cheese really made the burger. And....Tater Tots; need i say more? We will be back for sure!
Maybe I did Oblivion wrong, or maybe it just wasn't that great. Most of these stars were earned by the atmosphere/clientele. Something along the lines of "interesting, worthwhile people eat here and are drawn by its unique flair." It was the fourth of May and there was a lot of Star Wars going on, including the most convincing Vader I have ever seen. But as for the food, muh, I got a burger, of course, something to do with black beans. It was $10 and didn't really have a lot of taste. What I mean to say is that it lacked depth of flavor. Or really, any flavor. I know that probably sounds like horse shit, since this is Orlando's #1 destination for burgers and all, but such was my experience. I will declare that they had an unthinkable number of beers and especially ciders on the menu, craft-y ones that you'll never see anywhere again. I didn't see any Schraderbrau but wouldn't have missed it. A little disappointing, said the Za.
Ok, so I've eaten here at least 15 times...already you k now I likes it.  The pretzel burger(be a glutton and order xtra cheese sauce and a dripping, fried egg with the burger)  but this is my go to awesome badass foodie spot in orlando...the only thing I regret is that I haven't tried is the fatass burger.  The tots are the best I've ever had.  Tuesdays will make you redefine cheese fries...seriously...tuesdays are my favorites...hail satan.  You get combos beyond amazing...I freely give five stars....BUT a couple of unfortunate caveats....Ranch dressing here is lemon sour cream...I no like...beer batter onion ring -delicious, but to be shared amongst 4 people at least._ultra heavy batter.  Generally specials very good just expect heavy food...but done very well.  5 stars overall for the best bar food ever.
Perfect agreement with many reviews: you must visit and have an excellent burger here! Searching for a place serving after midnight recently, and this did the trick. Pulled up to the place, with several people (including, it turns out, some of the staff) on their "parking lot veranda" outdoor seating. Welcoming and attentive staff, exactly as others have experienced. INTERESTING and DELICIOUS mixture of beef cuts that go into their burgers (other options also including vegetarian). Burgers yum! Tater tots with toppings? Another delicious part of this meal. Could have been the fact that I was eating dinner so late but I think it was the food speaking to me...to come back again soon. Great selection of beers on tap to wash down the other calories. This is a "must visit" burger joint!
Christian bit my phone!
New Menu brings back some favorites, like the quesadilla and chicken tenders, but for me it's all about the wings, burgers, and beer! Staff is always super friendly... This place is one of the best in Orlando!
I like Oblivion, BUT DO NOT GO FOR ROLLER GIRL TRIVIA NIGHT.  We had a group of 6 at a table and they made us split up, saying that they only allowed teams of 5.  That would of been fine if the winning team hadn't had 6 players. In fact,  there were lots if tables with more than 5 players.  On top of that, they ignored me when I pointed that one of their questions' answer was wrong. I showed the hostess the correct answer on Google, but she chose to ignore me. THERE ARE MUCH BETTER ORGANIZED AND ACCURATE TRIVIA NIGHTS IN ORLANDO.  Don't waste your time with this one.
Obligatory 5-star Oblivion Taproom review. I've had the wings and the burgers and can vouch that both are up there with the best of any others in Orlando. The blend of meat of the burgers is pretty genius (please, please get it medium rare). Beer choices switch up regularly, beer knowledgeable staff, thought-out beer glass choices. Service is as involved or uninvolved as you want it. Looking foward to many more meals/beers here. I only wish the food menu was larger and there were a few more seats.
Really avant garde hipster bar. Try the tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich!
Very nice staff and pretty cool place to hang out. Had a burger which was fantastic and the wings are very good too. Great selection of beer. Great local bar
Awesome beer, awesome food, dive baresque ambiance, tatted waitstaff, what more could you want from a burger joint? Specials change all the time as does the beer. One of my favorite joints in Orlando.
Are these other reviews a joke? Did someone pay them to put in such nice reviews? Shit service, terrible food. Just complete disappointment. Everything was Luke warm, and stale. The burger tasted like the meat had gone bad and had an awful flavor to it. Whatever you do, keep your expectations very very low if you are expecting something more, so, don't.
Amazing atmosphere friendly service Awesome beer selection and Delicious food.
*3.5 star review! I've been hearing about this place for a long time, and I was excited to finally try it a couple of weeks ago. As a fan of hard cider, I LOVED the huge cider menu Oblivion has! It was so hard to choose, but our server recommended one that was delicious. We started our meal with the "Schnitzengiggle Pretzel": a large, warm pretzel, which we dipped in beer cheese. Delicious! The salted pretzel was too salty for us, so next time I'd get the plain one, but it was yummy nonetheless! I do wish they had given us more of the beer cheese, considering that you're paying $7 for a big pretzel, but only a small plastic cup of the cheese. Cheese should never be rationed, right? :) I ordered the Magic Mushroom burger, which was huge and pretty tasty! I wish the meat was seasoned more, but other than that I enjoyed it. My fiance had the Rough Rider chicken sandwich, which sounded really great on the menu, but he said it was pretty plain and there wasn't much of the blue cheese celery slaw and buffalo sauce on there. I teased him for not ordering a burger at what seems to be a burger place, so I think he will try that next time. I'd definitely like to come back and try more, since I liked the place and the service was awesome! I think it's worth a second try. P.S. If someone from the restaurant is reading this: you really need to dust your blinds! We sat next to the window and it was absolutely covered in dust, as were the blinds. I'm actually fairly allergic to that, so it was a little disconcerting to see it a foot away from where I was eating dinner.
On my recent trip to Orlando, I decided to visit Oblivion because of reviews that I had read.  I came on their 75 cent wing day and tried a few different kinds of wings.  The smoked wings were absolutely amazing.  I'm a wing fan and these were the best wings that I've ever had.  I can't remember our waitresses name but she was extremely nice to talk to and did a good job.  I wish I had a local Oblivions to go to.
lol, When I read a review that stated she was a little on the preppy side. So when she walked in here she felt like she was in a scene from Sons Of Anarchy I kind of expected this place to be packed with rowdy bikers, and I'd have the possible chance of using a broken beer bottle as a weapon to ram in someones jugular. But thats simply not the case. Heck even the dart boards have soft tip darts (actually I'm not sure if they are or not). But this place is so laid back they might as well be Nerf darts. Was there a girl with spiked hair and tatts. Yes, did the waitresses all bare tatts. Yes. This is about as bad as it gets, if you call that bad. I cant really judge, the wife and I are all tatted up. So this is normal for us. It was just pretty scenery for her and myself. We came here on a Friday at midnight. Not crowded at all, the over all volume of the place wasnt to bad. Ordered the Nachos, two burgers, she got onion and chive fries, I got the Cajun fries. Everything was very very good. The menu is mostly burgers and wings. Which is fine. We knew that ahead of time thanks to yelp. But this place is a beer lovers paradise. They have a whole different menu for beer. Its about 4 times bigger then the actual food menu. The selections look endless. I dont drink beer so this wasnt a bonus for me. But it will be for a lot of other people. And the presentation of how they bring the beer out if pretty awesome. In the back of the restaurant they have some dart boards and a pool table. SO this could be a great place to just come and drink beet and play darts. Not to mention good food as a bonus. I was surprised how clean the place looked. Mostly due to the S.O.A reference. When i walked into the bath room I saw white stuff wiped all over the stall. I thought ahh here we go. Afraid to go in the stall i was surprised to see a sparkling clean toilet. Next to me on the toilet paper I saw what looked like a blue crushed pill.. Ahh.. Drugs. Ecstasy perhaps. Nope chalk. lol. They leave chalk in there so while your doing your thing you can draw stuff in the bathroom stalls. Something along the lines of.. "For a good time call Jeff K. and leave a yelp URL".  ;-) (J/K Jeff) THen I guess at the end of the day they wipe the stalls down (the white smears I saw) and let people start all over again. So what to rate this place. Well the moment we walked in we were greeted with a friendly smile by the host, our waitress Tatiana was good too. So good customer service, great food, and if your a beer person theres more then enough to fill your needs, and to top it all off you got pool and darts! I cant think of how this could get any better. So 5 stars it is. Edit: The Fat ass burger thats in the photos is no longer served here. Anytime we go to a new place we use the photos on yelp to order and not the menu. A lot of menus dont have pictures. Which is probably why I dont read books. Flipping through photos of food posted on yelp we decided on nachos before we even got here, and I saw the Fat ass burger. But when we got there I didnt see it on the menu. So i thought maybe that wasnt the actual name and someone just called the photo that. I showed the waitress, and apparently that was made by another cook whos no longer there. So if you use yelp to figure out what your getting before you even get there. Dont count on getting this burger anymore :(
Holy options - so many delicious beers at reasonable prices. Fried pickles were fresh. Pretzel burger really delivered.. And you HAVE TO get the tots. Basically, if you are just visiting Orlando or if you haven't made it here yet, get on it! Worth the trip.
As you can imagine, a fantastic beer selection. I have no idea how many beers they offer, but it is A LOT.  The bartenders were a little rough around the edges, although I think that is planned. As for food, the garlic parmesan fries were excellent and the Wild Hog burger was good as well.
Awesome staff! Awesome beer list! Awesome food! Wish they had a little more to offer on the healthy side of the menu... Also, service can be EXCRUCIATINGLY slow sometimes... But very friendly!
So walking into Oblivion, I felt a little awkward. Partly because my friends and I are on the preppy side and this place was like walking on the set of Sons of Anarchy. It was also just sort of an interesting ambiance (not really a bar but not really a restaurant) but the host was super nice, as was our server so that immediately put us at ease. First thing I noticed is that they serve Dupont Pommeau!! The only place I've seen this is the old Redlight Redlight and the new one doesn't carry it. It's a 17% cask aged cider and it's amazing. So, even if the food sucked I still would have been happy.. But the food did not suck. Exactly the opposite- this is top notch bar food. I had the pretzel burger that was served on the most perfect pretzel roll. It came with a side of beer cheese that I used to dip my old bay (old bay!!!) tater tots in. Even the ketchup was spiced up, not entirely sure what the flavor profile was but it was great. We will definitely be back to try more of the menu and drink that delicious cider!
The place is adorned with skeletons riding motorcycles, red and black paint and other hardcore details. At first I was not a fan of the decor but it grew on me. I like that it has it's own special style. Oblivion has a plethora of beers on tap which, in my opinion, is a requirement for any good restaurant. Unfortunately both times I went I happened to choose something they were out of (but still found something I wanted from the choices available). The food is great and everything is decently priced. There is a pool table and darts on one side of the establishment to easily turn your evening into dinner and drinks. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.
Do not be scared of its sketchy appearance.. this place is great all around, from service to food to beer! This was my first stop of my first visit to Florida.. & boy did I enjoy my welcoming. Food: Their menu had a bunch of specialty burgers, sandwiches, and a list of creative appetizers. We tried the Magic Mushroom Burger and Tater Tots with the Raw Hawaiian Garlic Seasoning. A huge burger with a patty cooked medium that was very juicy and had lots of flavor. The tots and fries with the raw garlic seasonings were excellent the first few tries.. but towards the end of the meal, it was just garlic overload. The medium-spicy wings were average, nothing special but not bad. Their beer/cider selection is great.. there's a lot of choices that not a lot of restaurants carry. The only problem is they run out quick of popular beers.. my first two choices were gone so I had to pick some random beer. Ambiance: A dark and grungy decor but a calmer than expected vibe. The mood was friendly instead of the rowdy loud bar scene you'd expect to see. Service: Very friendly and helpful staff. Our server was really cool.. she gave us great recommendations for food was very knowledgeable about the beer. She was very attentive, visiting our table frequently. Tips: Don't be nervous of it scary appearance.. this place is a diamond in the rough. The food is definitely worth the visit. You have to try a little bit of everything if possible, especially the sides with the raw Hawaiian garlic seasoning.
Oblivion Taproom is a great place to relax with a friend. They have many items on drafts that change out on a sometimes daily basis. Also there is a good sized fridge stocked with some awesome drinks as well. When you enter the room you notice that are the walls are painted red with some wall art taking up 50% of the space. All the servers are really great and the food is awesome. There is always a special going on and sometimes they are themed. Recently they have had a Halfoween event with costume contest as well as Star Wars Days Celebration. Lots of people turned up for the drink and food specials on the Star Wars Day. If you would like to brave it you should try The Fatass. It is a piled up burger full of flavor that one can have alone or share with a friend (which I did). I don't think there is any choice that you can go wrong with here because there is room for everyone; the beer drinkers, wine drinkers, cider enthusiasts (me) and food lovers (me as well). Get you butt here and give it a try. Okay my original review was back in May of 2012 and since then the place has undergone some changes. There is a new chef in the kitchen, new dishes and some old ones gone. The Fatass is gone (tear) but I couldn't eat that to begin. There are some more veggie eater friendly options and deserts had made it into Oblivion on a regular basis. They still have lots of wacky events that pop up on the regular and the staff is a lovable bunch of nuts (as usual). If you haven't been back in a while or since the original opening you should see the changes and judge for yourself. July 2013
Fantastic!! Relaxed atmosphere and excellent food! We tried the wings and a burger, both were delicious!! We will definitely be back.
Best burger I have had in a long time.  I had the Hog Wild burger, and you can't go wrong with it, if you are a meat lover.  I will be going back for sure!
Myself and a  group of six friends had dinner and beers on Saturday night. Everyone was a bit taken back by the burger prices - the likes of which you don't see outside of a Disney park. Two in the party splurged for the burgers and said they were good but definitely overpriced. Two more of us ordered the chicken fingers. I ordered medium spice but it was too spicy hot. My companion got the BBQ but both of us thought the chicken fingers were soggy. Another companion ordered the Shrooms and was disappointed to find only 3 tiny mushrooms were provided for an $8 menu item. Now for the beer. The waitress had very limited knowledge of the menu. She even borrowed our menu a couple of times and struggled to suggest beers based on our input. As a result, three of us hated what we ordered. No real reason to ever go back to this place...
BEER I'm going to get the beer out of the way first, because to my surprise, it was not the highlight of my first trip to Oblivion Tap Room (to no offense of Oblivion; the food was just amazing): Upon being seating I was presented with a full page, front & back beer list of everything on draft. It was overwhelming at first, but is nicely broken out by style. I don't want to name any breweries because they're always changing taps, but the majority of beers are within the $5 - $7 range, with some great $4 staple craft options as well. The prices were definitely, ahem - WORLDS - better than other places with just as many - cough - TAPS - as well. FOOD Now, the food. Most of their menu is gourmet hamburgers and chicken sandwiches. A plan burger and fries or tots (with your choice of seasoning!) can be had for only $6! I opted for the "Jerkin' Yer Chicken" chicken sandwich with cajun seasoned tater tots for only $8. This chicken sandwich was like none other. Perfect seasoning, thick cut of tomato that actually added flavor to the sandwich, not just substance, pickled mango strings...I can't put into words how good this chicken sandwich was. It is my new favorite chicken sandwich, and if the burgers take after the quality of it, I'm sure I have a new favorite burger in town as well. The ketchup must have been homemade - I am normally not a fan of bottled ketchup, but I have never tasted ketchup this fresh. All of this added up to a perfect meal, and reasonably priced as well.  The portion size was perfect - in fact I threw in the towel with just two tots left on my plate. Most other restaurants either serve way too little food for the same price as Oblivion, or way too much for 50% more. I appreciated such a reasonably priced portion intended to satisfy. I tried some of my friends spinach dip served in a bread bowl, and it was perfect as well. I'm sure everything on the menu is this fresh and thoughtfully prepared. Of all the things to like about Oblivion, I am most impressed with the chef and his kitchen staff. DECOR/LOCATION Dark red with accents of black, rockabilly feel. Would love to hear more authentic music to match the theme rather than 90s heavy MTV rock. The hostesses / waitresses were extremely kind and helpful. Oblivion is on the north side of Semoran, just west of the new new Semoran/Colonial bridge. Extremely convenient to Baldwin Park / Colonialtown, and just 5 more minutes outside of the downtown/College Park area. It was a slow night on the Wednesday I went, but I expect this place to be full every day of the week soon.
Went here around 8:30 pm tonight and had to be somewhere at 10:00 pm. We ended up leaving around 11 because the waitress refused to come to our table besides once every 30 minutes. The burgers were gross and it took 20 minutes for her to bring us some ranch after asking several times. When she brought the receipts, I had my card out and tried to hand her it immediately but she just walked away for another 30 minutes and finally came back. Then, she just stayed there waiting to see how much we were going to tip her, so I just sat there staring at her to get the hint to get away from us.... never again will we go here, total waste of money and time.
Food is just alright, great beer selection but its a tad pricey.  About the same as World of Beer.  Review will get another star when they start having events or bands here.
Yea I'm gonna say that if your in the area do yourself the favor and stop in, the tots and Burgers are Amazing!! Dffntly will be back!
The JalePine-O and the Hog Wild Burger have changed my life. The Italian Sausage Corn Dog from locally made Italian sausage is rediculously amazing. Also they make all of their chips and fries, and serve Southern Tier brew!?!!! What else do you need?
I'm glad that someone set up a meeting here (an informal meeting, obviously) because I had been hearing about Oblivion for a while. I was initially surprised by the location though. Oblivion is situated off of a particularly unpleasant section of Colonial, just west of Semoran, and has a sea of parking in the front. I know, I know, not all bars need to be in walkable locations, and yeah, sometimes I complain about lack of parking at other bars, but for some reason the exterior was just really off-putting. I wandered in and waited for my compadre at the bar. The bartenders (two rad-looking ladies- one with a mohawk) were super non-judgy and helpful when I told them I know nothing about beer. The one asked me what types of wine I like and helped me determine my preference in beer that way. She then proceeded to give me a taste of a few different beers and we finally got to a sour that I liked. The experience was awesome, and I was totally stoked to have a lady craft-enthusiast helping me (most other bars are pretty heavy on the testosterone, so this was a nice change). They also had a local brewer set up a tasting station for a new ale he was releasing. We got to meet him and talk beer (though I mostly just listened) and I found myself having a great time at a bar I would likely never have entered without recommendations (from friends and from Yelp). Next time, I'll get some grub too!
Great for the glutton, Wide variety of amazing beer draft & bottled and a killer chef in the back. Order anything off the menu and it will be cooked fresh to order. Nothing is prepared in advance but it is so worth the wait for fresh lovingly cooked meals. Also has great vegetarian friendly options as one of the owners is veggie :)
This place looks like a strip joint from the outside. Looks are deceiving, the inside is only slightly edgy. Great menu of wings and gourmet burgers even vegetarian options.
If you like good burgers and good beer this is the place to go. The staff are very friendly. The nice thing about this place is that the food is all made there. The burger patties are made in house, etc. That comes through in the flavor and it's worth the extra couple of bucks as opposed to a chain restaurant. The specials are usually pretty creative as well.
Awesomely great taproom.  Super knowledgeable and friendly staff.  Pear cider was great, magic mushroom burger was really good with the addition of terriyaki sauce.  Did I mention homemade ketchup and BBQ sauce.  Would take a 1/2 star off for the whipped bacon cream (blech) on top of the chocolate pie..but loved the pie.
My wife and I brought our twin one year olds there for dinner with a couple of friends and did not feel uncomfortable at all. I had the "You're my boy bleu!" burger while my wife had the "Cheeeeeeeese!" burger. Both were cooked to order and delicious.  My side was homemade chips with Parmesan garlic seasoning and my wife had potato wedges similarly seasoned. Our companions ordered wings for an app and the smokey, spicy morsels were arguably the most flavorful wings I have ever tasted. The condiments are also made fresh in house including the smoked ketchup and unique mustards. I also ordered the "Hop Head" beer flight consisting of four sample size IPAs.  For an IPA lover, it was perfect.  My wife had a diet Coke, which came in a bottle. I thought this was weird, but I don't guess they are there to sell soda.  They are however there to sell beer and their selection is outstanding with 40 beers in rotation. The atmosphere was very "rock and roll" as my friend put it. Rock posters and skull themed murals line the walls. The music collection is "eclectic" meaning that while we were there we heard both Herbie Hancock and Social Distortion.  I am told they keep the music "family friendly" until about 9 or so.  Our server was also very good. She was knowledgeable about all aspects of the menu, food and beer both. I would not hesitate to recommend Oblivion Taproom to beer lovers or just lovers of bar food elevated to the next level.
Awesome place to ruin a diet and listen to punk.  The food is unapologetically awesome.  The bartenders are well informed and friendly.  A great alternative to Red Light and Gnarley Barley.
We went to oblivion tap room on the official opening night. We got the oblivion nachos, deep fried house pickles and a hog wild burger. The best part about the night was the beer. I had a pumpking which was sweet and delicious. I also had an old Rasputin which had a great coffee flavor. They were busy which was great but that level of traffic resulted in a one hour wait for food. Our waitress was very nice but obviously overwhelmed with the workload.  I will have to give it another try.
BOO. Ever shrinking menu and change to wings (no more grilled wings among other things - therefore I remove them from best wings ever and banish them into wing mediocrity - one notch above Chilis. Ordered burger to go as rare. Was cooked to roofing shingle temperature and juiciness and beer mustard (Pretzel Burger) no shit, tasted like dish soap. Wings were flavorless and undercooked. Tried to let them know. Still no response. Bartender very nice while waiting for my to-go order.
Food is good and the menu is typical for bar food. Plenty of beers on tap but too many are off the wall. Some more popular imports would be nice and more wheat beers than just 1. I have been there many times and the service has always been good.
Don't get me wrong, I still love the place but sometimes new growth, or changes can be hard and I really do think they have been dealing with these changes well. It's not easy. So you might be saying to yourself "Libby, cut them some slack? Why do you have to be such a hard ass?" Call it tough love if you want. I know they are worthy of 5 stars and Oblivion is the kind of place I would judge all other taprooms on.  So maybe I am a bit tough here, but I think it's warranted. We've had some challenging times here. When chefs changed and the tots were more like hash browns that were shit out the back of a feral cat, and an 8 dollar heirloom tomato salad  looked to be pillaged and plundered by a very hungry chef and crew. The front of house was there to help out, and worked hard to switch out dishes, and made sure that these issues were not going unnoticed... and for that I say Thank You! My first adventure into the new menu and change was earlier this year and I got to meet a bunch of yelpers! This was totally a highlight of the night! Thanks to you all for being so nice and fun. My Philly that night was way too bready and not enough filling. While I loved the components of the dish, the ratio was really off.  Deep fried Oreo was delicious, thanks for letting me try one Chris R. I have to say that the 8 dollar heirloom salad almost made me never want to come back. I was so astounded by the lack of everything. The most awesome thing about Oblivion is that they do listen to you and they were gracious and helped me pick out something else. The salad looked like someone ate half of it. I sent it back after only trying one tomato chunk and the front of house was again very nice. So we just went again few weeks ago with friends that haven't been in a long time. The new smaller menu maybe just too small. "where are all the burgers?", one friend exclaimed. Then that launched into reminiscing about the burgers that are not on the menu any more." Remember the pretzel burger? That was epic", said another.   The menu has decreased by about half or more. So much that most of the people in our group just settled and all of them got the doner kebab. Described as a German Style gyro in naan bread with rosemary,garlic and onion marinated lamb, cabbage slaw, tzatziki sauce, greens and tomato on the menu. It does not tell you much about the meat or that it is more like a burger that a kebab. Now to the chef's credit a German style gyro is often patty like but the 3 people in my group that ordered it did not know that but they still enjoyed the dish. I had the Sunchoke and sage ravioli which is house made ravioli with a purée of sun choke , mascarpone, and sage served in a light butter sauce with roasted pepitas and grilled kale. This was good. I enjoyed this creative spin on ravioli. It was filling without being too dense and the sauce was flavorful. I think our whole table was in agreement that they need to bring back more burgers. It's what Oblivion is known for and its a big reason why so many people go. I recently heard the announcement of a new chef for 2014 and I am excited to hear that more burgers will be added to the menu. I am looking forward to trying the new menu coming out soon.
You gotta love this place. Great Atmosphere and excellent food. I suggest going Wednesday. Their chicken wings are only 75 cents. I would go for the smoked chicken wings. Probably some of the best wings I have ever had. They also have a ever changing selection of beers and ciders. Check it out!!
Staff awesome. Food awesome and big portions. Beer selections awesome. I was a little intimidated coming in but i love the vibe they are going for. Staff all tattooed up and skulls everywhere. It's a really chill place. Love it. But I'm honestly taking my fam here when they come to visit.
Fantastic food! Great beer selection and good service! What's not to like.
I always have good service and good good here. They cook their hamburgers to order, and medium rare is medium rare. I love it!
Excellent beer selection and the menu far exceeds expectations for bar food. The staff is friendly and it is located in an area that was in desperate need of a decent bar.
Excellent beer & cider selection, tasty food, okay-ish service. To be frank, the few times I have not sat at the bar, and ordered food at a booth I have waited a significant amount of time. I understand their disclaimer about the food being made-to-order fresh and their plea to the customers for patience, but last time I was there we sat 15-20 minutes without a beer or water, waiting for the waitress to come around for refills. And this was a fairly mellow Sunday afternoon. That is, however, my only complaint and certainly not enough to keep me away once the pumpkin beers start rolling in! :)
We came here last weekend to try it out after hearing good things from friends, and were not disappointed! I had the house burger, and it was perfectly cooked to order - delish! Boyfriend had the pulled pork burger thing, also yummy, but enormous! He also had some sort of pale ale he was happy with, and I tried a bunch of different mini pours, and was really happy with the variety of beers - they didn't have one of the ones I wanted to try, but our server was helpful in picking out a new option. We'll be back!
I am not sure what to say that hasn't already been said.  This place is just awesome.  It isn't fancy at all and the night that we went, we were definitely a bit overdressed - in fact I would have been more comfortable in my distressed jeans and t-shirt than what I was wearing.  None the matter, we had an awesome time.   The staff at Oblivion was so incredibly friendly and hospitable.  The bartender taking care of us, suggested certain beers based on what I like and offered us samples before we made our choices.  He engaged us in conversations about the area, as I grew up not too far from where Oblivion is located and the establishments that existed before it became Oblivion.   Sampled quite a few beers that night and loved a few of them.  One of my favorites was Brown Shuga and both of us loved Kwak.  We ordered the Sweet Potato Hummus as an appetizer and I must say it was the best hummus we have both ever had.  We didn't end up eating full meals while we were there but we plan to definitely go back to try more!
From the first time I had dinner at Oblivion I was hooked.  The staff is professional and very helpful.  The food is amazing an the beer selection is incredible.  I was blown away by the service at the bar as well.  Dena was my first bartender and she took time to explain the beer selection.  Through a process of tastings, she has figured out my pallet and now I just tell her ill have whatever she recommends.  The level of service here is unmatched in Orlando.  Do yourself a favor and try this place.
I really wish I had come here before they changed. I'm so disappointed, I don't even know how to put it in words. We ordered some ciders, wings and burgers. There's one type of wing, and one burger. Boring. The wings came out and they were "mild" yet spicy and overwhelming with mustard flavor. Yuck. We sent them back for wings with no sauce, which are just like they sound... Nasty and boring, just fried fatty wings. Inside the wings there were bloody veins and some kind of gritty crunchy bloody substance that was nauseating. I didn't bother sending them back because I felt bad. Our burgers came out and my burger was entirely raw, we are talking blood soaked buns, with no sign of ever seeing a grill. I took a bite trying to embrace it, and not wanting to complain, but It was totally raw. I showed the waitress and her eyes popped out of her head. She took it back and about ten minutes later another burger came out, it was fine, although the bacon was all fat and totally raw, also. I took the bacon off and ate the burger. It was good, I can see how it would have once been a good burger, I guess. When we got the bill, they charged us for the burger and charged us more than the listed price for the bacon. I really despise complaining, I get yelled at by angry customers for a living and it gets pretty depressing. I asked for the manager, because this obviously wasn't the waitresses fault, and as kindly as possibly told her about everything, even prefacing it with how I hate complaining because I understand how hard it is to be on the receiving end. She apologized and comped our entire meal. Including our drinks. That is great management, and our waitress was fantastic as well, she really was very attentive and kind, always keeping our waters filled, and gave good drink suggestions.  It's too bad the food was so bad, this place has so much potential and it seems like it was once great, but they lost it. I will not be back here. Unfortunately.
Great fresh local food and a beer list to match.
Stopped here from out of town and the food was great. Had wings and a burger!  Burger was pretty greasy but yummy. Tatar tots with toppings were very yummy. Def. would come here again. Reasonable priced and great service. Waitress was awesome too!
From the outside this place doesn't look like much. It's kinda in the middle of nowhere, but I've learned to never judge a book by its cover. I was also thrown off by the inside. It has a ed hardy/dia de los muertos bar feel to it, but on the lighter side. Servers are friendly and pretty knowledgeable about their menu. Their beer menu has a huge variety, so don't be afraid to ask questions. Their menu is pretty interesting as well as the names of their items. I LOVE the fact that you can add toppings to your burger. Of course I ordered the Jalapineo (no, that's not spelled incorrectly) burger with a side of their hawaiian raw garlic tater tots (to DIE for). If you love burgers, interesting food, and beer, please check this place out. It's worth it!
Tonight was my first visit.  I ordered a Royale burger with Cheddar and plain fries.  The burger was fresh, seasoned well, and cooked to perfection.  The fries were crisp and just as tasty too.  I ordered my fries plain, but there's several seasonings available.  The only downside, burgers are served with "spring mix" in lieu of traditional iceberg.  The service was just as top-notch as the food.  Yummy!
Cool Place - very good beer selection and serious food- If you've ever been to The vortex in ATL, Oblivion could be its distant cousin
You know, I've begun this review so many times this past year, but I never could put everything I wanted to say about Oblivion Taproom into one review. lol. So here's my best effort. For one, they're a diamond in the rough! Seriously, the outside of this restaurant may scare some people with more conservative dispositions, but inside are some of the friendliest people I've ever met. Service is always impeccable and I've never had a bad meal here -- the food and bar selection are amazing. Parking outside can be a little bit of a madhouse though, especially if there's a special event taking place. Let's start with the bar: the widest selection of cider in Orlando; and their beer selection is nothing to laugh at either. Wow -- just wow. They also have craft sodas (and butterbeer!) available for those you non-drinkers. Their food is awesome. Classic bar food and some other fun dishes mixed in as well; they rotate their menu monthly, so it's always something new! And if you attend any of their special events, they always have menu items tailored specifically to that event as well. I attended their Harry Potter event and they had some really fun selections on there  (i.e. Hagrid's Breakfast -- a typical English breakfast plate). I've tried several things here and they've all rocked my tastebuds. I don't think I'd be able to fully describe them in paragraph form, so here's a list: Oblivion Wings: Like other reviewers have mentioned, these are out of the world. Smothered in a dry house rub, you can nom on these with or without sauce and I guarantee that they'll be some of the best wings you've had. Pair it with their dill-infused ranch and your mouth will have a foodgasm of momentous proportions. Burgers (ANY of them): Also out of this world. Super juicy and flavorful, they're my second favorite item on the menu. Oblivion gets their bread from Olde Hearth Bakery and they're perfect together. Spuds: Their tater tots are the bee's knees. You can flavor them with different seasonings, but I like mine classic. Sweet Potato Hummus: You gotta get this at least once. This vegetarian dish is so fun and flavorful. The texture is creamy and delicious and you get that hint of sweetness that isn't overpowering. I may be a little weird, but I like to put some of the wing sauce in with my hummus to get that kick. Mmm. Korean Fried Chicken Sandwich: This is the only item I've tried that I didn't really like. My boyfriend ordered it 'cos he's a huge fan of Korean fried chicken, but it didn't taste right. The kimchi wasn't really authentic either; it felt more like a coleslaw with a minor hint of spiciness -- it was creamier than regular kimchi and hadn't been left to ferment long enough. It was still a good chicken sandwich; cooked perfectly and all that, it just felt more like Oblivion's interpretation of what Korean fried chicken should be. Lol. Fun tip: Chalkboard walls in the bathroom mean you can graffiti guilt-free! :D
Food was OK... beer selection was great. I was traveling. If back in town, I would re-visit.
My boyfriend and I were in a famished and drinking mood and decided to try this place, based on all of the great reviews on Yelp and from various friends. We got there to find super friendly staff and a great atmosphere. We mistook the beer menu for the food menu at first! As we dedicated some time to both menus (and got some great pointers from our server) we decided on burgers, a 5 Lizard and the Oatmeal Milk Stout. The onion and chive tatter tots were ridiculous and both if our burgers were memorable (the guacamole burger and mushroom Swiss burger). The beers knocked it out of the park as well. We are already talking about going back soon and trying the small beer flights to try and tackle that beer menu! We had a great experience and will be back soon. Thanks Yelpers!
Enjoy the large number of hard ciders they have available in bottles and draft rotation. Fried black eye peas are awesome.
Oblivion has come a long way, and is now my favorite bar/pub in Orlando. I love that the beer selection changes almost daily and that you can actually talk to Pete, the owner. The staff, the food, just everything is top notch. We have been here 3 times on the past month, and live 45 minutes away. If that doesn't  say it all, I don't know what does. This place is the Sh!t. Come in and enjoy the burger, extra crispy tots and a different refreshing beer every week. #yelp100
I really want to say I love this place but I've been underwhelmed Pretzel Burger was dry.  The Fried Pickes, Onion Rings, and Seitan Bites were okay.  I had a nibble of a friend Oblivion Quesadilla and that seemed amazing so next time I'm going all the way with that one.  My friends adore this place but I'm not completely sold.  Except for the bathrooms... The walls are chalkboards and that's awesome :)
Dena at the bar is an amazing bartender. You say "surprise me!" and BOOM! you got yourself a great beer. The food is beyond epic. Deep fried pickles with sriracha sauce are orgasmic and the burgers are always on point. The staff is super friendly and always lovely. My favorite place in Orlando.
The food is decent, mostly bar standards with a twist, but it's not about the food, it's about the beer selection. Even seasoned beer aficionados may find something new flowing on one of it's god-knows-how-many taps. The prices are exactly what you'd expect for some of the more rare offerings, which I cannot say for other establishments in a city not known for its beer culture. It's a relatively new establishment with an interesting location, and hopefully it will start to take off. The place is still very clean and new and the staff is laid back and helpful.
My fellow yelpers did not let me down! This place had a terrific rating and after a week of mediocre meals on the go, it was much needed. I arrived around 7:30pm on a Thursday to find a dimly lit parking lot. There was a light crowd for dinner time, and I could tell that the venue had a bar lay out. I was a little apprehensive, but my curiosity got the better of me. Upon entering I was warmly greeted by a hostess who I told I would be sitting at the bar, as I was solo for the night. In truth I was being drawn towards the remarkable collection of taps. The place had a little bit punk, little bit biker bar vibe. It reminded me of the Vortex in Atlanta. The staff was very friendly, and attentive. The draft beer menu was incredible. There were probably 30 or so beers, and even as I pride myself as a seasoned beer lover, I was overjoyed to see that I had only tried one beer on the menu. I really wanted to try almost all of them. I opted for an amazing strong dark Belgium, Ommegang Adoration. The food menu was somewhat small, but the items listed sounded like culinary delights. I opted for a special burger called the Jalapeneo. It was extremely special. And it was accompanied by parmesan garlic tots (actually crispy crowns). They too were tasty and plentiful. The burger came perfectly cooked to order, with an artisan bun. It featured premium bacon, jalapeno jelly, Havarti, and a slice of pineapple. It was fantastic! It was complimented by a delicious glass of McChouffe. Oblivion was a place I didn't want to leave, and I can't wait to return. It gets my full 5 star endorsement! Oh yeah, the music selection was also terrific!
Great craft beer selection and creative pub food. I especially enjoyed the stout flight last time - a great sampling of stouts. A+
Excellent selection of ciders!  Very good bar food (fries, burgers, wings).  Clean and fun atmosphere.  Very knowledgable server, she really knew her beers and ciders. I highly recommend OTR if you love cider, beer, and burgers!
They actually took time and thought about the menu. There are great spins on classics and new flavors. I recommend !!!
My husband put together a birthday party for me on Friday night for a group of 15.  I chose this place because I knew it was fun and had a good value. To my surprise they were extremely accommodating from start to finish. So many restaurants in the area give you a hard time about booking large parties, or will allow you to book and then hassle or neglect you once you're there. That is the farthest from Oblivion. From the time we called to make the reservation until the time the last guest filled out their bill receipt, we were taken care of from top to bottom with a smile. The table was ready and set up when we arrived 15 minutes early, and our servers were on top of the food and drink orders the whole time. We had guests who were running almost an hour late, and they were so patient with allowing us to wait for everyone to put food orders in. We even had servers that weren't assigned to our table helping take photos and making sure everyone had a seat. There are two reasons I am giving only 4 stars instead of 5. #1 - they only have craft beer. My dad is a very low key beer drinker, he only drinks Bud Light or Busch. They only had craft beer, no Bud Light even. He was not able to get an enjoyable beer that he felt comfortable paying for. I feel that if you are a beer and wine only bar, you need to have options for all clientele, even the old standards. Otherwise you are alienating customers. #2 - the food was amazing, and I ordered the pork rolls sandwich - it was almost like a thick cut slice of ham with cheese wiz and fried egg on a buttered roll, it was insanely delicious, but so salty I could only eat 2 bites. Each individual component of that sandwich was super salty naturally, maybe they needed to cut back on the salt in the cheese wiz or use unsalted butter, it was just way over kill and hard to eat, even though it was so sinfully tasty. Friends of mine who had never been here were definitely impressed, and the general consensus is that this place is a giant man cave with man food - in the most positive way. I will definitely be back, I'll just probably try something a little lighter on the menu. Great place to hang with friends for some drinks, bar food, darts and pool.
It's mostly burgers, but they are very delicious.  They also have an amazing craft beer selection!  For entertainment they have one pool table and dart boards.  The staff is very friendly as well.  I've eaten here a lot and have enjoyed my experiences.   EDIT: I downgraded my review from 4 stars to 3 stars because the quality has dropped since they changed chefs, and the prices have gone up a bit.  They still have a great selection of beers and their staff is still absolutely amazing so we still return, just not nearly as much as we used to.
Not sure if this is a bar or a restaurant, seems to be trying to do both. Went on a Wednesday because we saw an Orlando Sentinel ad for "75 cent wings every Wednesday" but in reality it was just a bunch of extra wing dipping sauces for regular priced wings. The server didn't know what I was talking about when I asked. The Habanero dipping sauce was the only worthwhile flavor. The wings were large, coked well and filling. Really the only thing I'd order again. The table also ordered fried pickles, which were very thin, and had a strong vinegary flavor. The nachos we ordered came out and the kitchen forgot to put the bacon on them, and they were a soggy mess half way through. The Mushroom and Swiss burger was so greasy it soaked through the bottom bun, and if there were mushrooms on it I couldn't find them. The sweet potato wedges however, were huge and tasty. They make their own ketchup so beware that it won't taste "right". We initially thought it was soured. Happy hour doesn't include wine, and they were out of the basic red wines. Our server was attentive, and really awesome. The service overall was fantastic.
This place is PHENOMENAL!!!!  We had a burger on a pretzel roll that was just delicious, melt in your mouth, perfectly cooked and seasoned, and an amazing chicken sandwich with creamy avocado spread. They make their own ketchup, and I don't even eat ketchup, but I tried theirs and it was so tasty and fresh.  Our server was super friendly and helpful, tons of craft beers and ciders to choose from, décor is like cartoon punk.  Just a great atmosphere with fresh, delicious food.  PS since they make things from scratch, so when they run out, they run out.  In my opinion, that's how everyone should do it.  That night they had a bacon mac n cheese special that sounded sooooo good, but they were already out.  Although I was disappointed, the sandwiches were the best I've had in a long time.  Oh, and we also had the fried pickles appetizer!  Again, fresh, hand-breaded, not frozen!   So delicious.  Go here, you won't regret it.
Only drink here in the bar area. Awful food and service. I made the mistake of saying my beer seemed warm and the server laughed at me. The friedpickles were way too thin but scared to complain. About to ask for the yelp discount. ... Pricing- Spent $40 on a beer, a beer flight, a wild burger and frickles.  The food  was not great- burger patty was undercooked and did not have a good taste to it - the frickles were too thin and kinda greasy.
Great food--crispy, plump wings (smoked or sauced--both are delicious!), terrific black bean burger and seitan bites (lightly fried and tossed in hot sauce of your choice) if you're not in the mood for beef.  Extensive, constantly changing beer list.  Fantastic service--friendly and attentive.  And the best part, REAL dart boards!  This is hard to find in Orlando (especially in a non-smoking venue).
The food is amazing, and their selection of beer will satisfy almost any taste.   The menu always changes with lots of daily creative specials being offered, and their every-day fare is also fantastic.  The atmosphere is a little different but everyone is welcome.  All in all, a great place to have fun.
I don't even know where to begin with this place. My boyfriend and I came this past Friday night with two friends who raved about the place, saying it was  "gastropub" and that it was the best burger they had ever had. The host said the wait would be 20 mins which was fine because they had a bar area with a decent selection of beers on tap and they were playing Star Wars (score!). We ordered some flights and chilled for about 30 mins before we got to our table. I was starving so we ordered food right away, we ordered the nachos and the Hog Wild burger to share. About 20 mins of waiting we asked the server what was up and she just said "its going to be a while" so we ordered pretzel sticks thinking that would be quick and hold us over. (they didn't even come until after our main meal came out) After 45 minutes of waiting, our nachos came out and they were burnt, our server told us she would comp them (obviously). I still ate them because I was starving but they were nothing special, reminded me of something I made in college when i was poor. Our burgers came out about 20 mins after (time at the restaurant is up to about an hour and a half and time waiting at the table was right around an hour). My friends burger was way over cooked and the sweet potato fries that came with our burger must have been the bottom of the bag, they were the size of my fingernail and charred. At this point, all we could do is laugh it off and eat. Our server stopped coming by after she dropped off our food, I'm sure she could tell how frustrated we all were. We went up to the host stand and asked to speak with a manager and the hostess said she was a manager so we asked is she could come back to our table and talk, no need to cause a scene. A few minutes later, a different girl came to our table (probably still not the manager) and we explained what happened. THIS was the part that really upset me. I get it that you are a newer restaurant, still figuring things out and I can see someone having a good experience there at some point but when we talked to the "manager" she sat there the entire time with the most smug look on her face, never said anything to make us feel like she cared about our awful experience and at the end just kept saying "all I can do is take 10% off of your bill", it was a complete slap in the face. My friends know me as a foodie and someone who knows about all of the good spots here in orlando and I will not only NEVER recommend this restaurant but I have already told a lot of people about my experience, this place needs to get their act together.
Nom nom nom! This place is good!  It's definitely different and weird too! But I like that :).  When I came here I had ordered take out for a group of co-workers. When I arrived the food was ready as promised. I ordered the pretzel bun burger!  Boy was this sucker good!  It was Pretzely, cheesy, and gooey all in one! The ground beef was cooked as I wanted too (med rare). Unfortunatley, I was on duty when I came here...so I couldn't drink :(. But that's ok .. I got a good view of what they have to offer. It seems many ciders and craft beers galore!. Next time your in the baldwin park/50/semoran neck of the woods stop in here, you won't regret.
Up until tonight this was one of my favorite places to get a beer and something to eat but tonight they rolled out a new menu and I am not thrilled at all. They got rid of my favorite burger. A vegetarian burger - one of two on the menu. Oh wait they took both off the menu. While changes are good, some things are best left alone. They said I can put in a suggestion in the box but really why bother? I did once before and it was left ignored
Took me a while to write a review of Oblivion, and since we are leaving for Denver at the end of month, I will finally write it.   Oblivion is one of the things I will definitely miss about Orlando. From their great craft beer selection to their unique food items, Oblivion is a must stop for those who enjoy a food experience unlike no other. Where else can you enjoy a succulent pork shank (sadly no longer on the menu), while washing it down with a rare craft beer? Their new menu include a variety of succulent entrees such as short rib ragu, pork porterhouse, and steak frites. All that in addition to your usual pub fare such as burgers and wings. Oblivion is a gem that must not missed. And because I will miss it, I felt compelled to write this review.
A nifty place.  It styles itself after a dive bar, but its pretty clean and the food is about what you'd expect at a bar. They have a great selection of beers, which is important, since they call themselves a Taproom.
I rarely love absolutely everything about a restaurant I've visited, but - if I may be so bold - this place was the shiznit. Their beer list (novel?) and burgers (whole cows on buns?) are what draw the masses to this dive bar-esque establishment. The atmosphere is meant to seem a little grungy I think, but if you aren't ensconced in leather and lack a proper mullet do not let that deter you. The service is super friendly, and if you have questions about any of their numerous beers or ciders like I did, don't hesitate to ask. The server who was helping us (can't remember her name) was extremely knowledgeable. If you want to sample a few different types of beer, they offer a 4 oz. size. Good for the indecisive over-thinkers like myself. And those burgers...Oh the burgers. So good. It's the best burger I had in Florida, rivaling Lucky 13 in Salt Lake City. I ordered a burger with sauteed mushrooms, white cheddar, and bacon (drools profusely). My male counterpart ordered some beastly looking creation with both pulled pork and a burger stuffed betwixt the bun. I'm pretty sure there was bacon and cheese on it also. So yeah, definitely go here.  If you don't like it, you aren't a decent human being.
I have driven by, and read reviews, so it was time to finally give this place a try.  I am glad I did!  Not being a beer drinker I was a tad worried I would not find anything to drink (hey you can't go to a taproom and NOT drink beer, right?)  The waitress was uuber helpful, and suggested I try one of the beer flights.  I am glad I did, 3 out of the 4 beers were fantastic (one I didn't care for, but that is just personal taste)  The food is also pretty killer.  I love that you can chose the type of potato you want (tots, fries, wedges etc) AND you can pick a flavor for said spud, how cool is that.  The Italian Corn dog was killer, and the Pretzel burger rocked.  I don' t normally get excited for left overs, but I couldn't wait for lunch the next day, just to chomp down more of those fries. Only small downside, there black bean burgers are not fresh, but morningstar (which I dislike immensely)  I would love to see a fresh black bean patty for when I am not in the mood for meat.   I will be back though.
I love this place.  If you LOVE crispy wings as much as I do, you'll absolutely devour their Oblivion Wings.  They are tossed in a bbq dry rub and are the most crispy wings I have ever had in my entire life. Their tater tots are also delicious and another go-to menu item for me.  You can select from an array of seasonings that they can be tossed in.  The Chive and Onion is a good one and also the cajun. They have a WONDERFUL beer selection that changes often.  Lots of options on tap and tons in bottle. Bruno creates weekly specials if you're looking for something different and he always delivers.  I wish I frequented this place more often.
I might have giving it five stars but they are apparently red wings fans as indicated by the logo on the  wall and the autographed McCarty jersey and that doesn't sit well with me. That being said a true hockey fan would be the only one to have a McCarty jersey on the wall. Very impressive. Anyways I came for food and beer and that is what I got. Beer selection is great, tis the season for dark beer and I had 9 stouts and 2 porters to choose from, I was happy. Heard good things about the food so my expectations were high and they delivered for me. We started with pork nachos and the pork snooters which were on special. The nachos were a pork lovers dreams come true with smoked pork and chicharones for tortilla chips. The pork snooters were gelatinous pork jus which came in two flavors, asian ginger with orange whipped cream and BBQ with slaw, they were pretty good, had to maneuver my tongue to remove them from the cup but I don't mind working a bit for my food sometimes. Good flavor is worth the effort. Burger time, i got hog wild which was a carnivores dream, burger, pork, bacon BBQ, onion ring and brioche bun. Rich is not the word, good flavor, cooked right...yummm forced myself to finish because i physically could not stop myself from eating it or my raw garlic tator tots. My wife got the jalapino which had jalapeno cream cheese, bacon, pineapple ring, teriyaki burger and passion fruit teriyaki sauce, interesting combination and she loved it. A little cream cheese goes a long way on this burger, recommend lightening it up some. Onion rings were awesome, but mine are better and lighter. All in all, good atmosphere, good service, great food and great beer, ghost rider. Only other negative was that the entertainment was done early but I was here to eat so it didn't really matter to me. I will be back even if I have to look at McCarty on the wall.
I love this place, while it can get a little pricey, there is a huge selection of beers, everything there is made in house (including the condiments) there is free pool, darts, and the music is always suits the atmosphere.
Great food. Very knowledgable staff. And at of the 4 times I've been here it is consistently awesome! I know it's a out if place location and the decor might not be what you're used to, but give it a try and I'm sure you'll dig it. Myranda picked out a flight of craft beers for us and nailed it.
I have been obsessed with trying out Oblivion Taproom ever since I first passed by it on the road two years ago, and I finally had my chance this past Saturday after one of our semi-monthly boardgame meetups at the Geek Easy.  A few of us showed up around 7PM and were seated promptly, and the hostess had no problem moving us to a roomier table when four more friends decided to join us after we had already arrived and been seated. Though the menu is, for the most part, 'pub fare', they've got some delightful twists in there and so it would seem right off the bat you are in for a treat, not just standard drunk people bar food.  Some examples of this: glazed pork belly sliders, sweet potato hummus, mushrooms stuffed with goat cheese & roasted garlic and served with eel sauce.  One of the members of our party ordered the "pork rillettes" (pork belly mousse topped with local jams and fried capers) and it looked pretty fantastic.  I didn't try it because I don't know the guy very well and it would have been weird to reach across the table and steal a bit of food.  I think some people might be cheeky enough to get away with those sorts of shenanigans but I'm too stuffy and repressed for that sort of thing. Disappointingly, we got a waitress who did not seem to be very knowledgeable about beers - which, for a taproom, you'd think would be necessary training - and so when my brother in law asked for a beer similar to the sort that he likes, so pointed him to something quite different which he did not care for at all.  When I asked for suggestions for myself, she ummed and uhhhed until I finally just chose something on my own. Dinners were ordered and most everyone got various hamburgers & tots for sides.  The food was good enough, and certainly plentiful, but I think next time instead of ordering a hamburger with guacamole and cheese and jalapenos and all sorts of other crazy things,  I might just order a plain burger so that I can, you know, actually taste the burger.  And I know a hamburger and greasy tater tots are not exactly 'light fare', but this was somehow the heaviest meal I have had in my life.   When our waitress brought the check I saw that it had all sorts of craziness on it that we did not actually order, and it turns out she had mixed up the checks for pretty much everyone at the table. I know these things happen, so I can't really get too upset about that.  I think between her lack of knowledge regarding the beers and the bill mixup, this girl might have been new.  Not sure about that. Would I go back?  Not for a meal, I don't think.  I think I might give it another try on an evening where we just want a beer or two and maybe split an appetizer.  I hear the wings are tasty and a hot pretzel with house-made beer cheese sounds really good.  We'll give it a few months to let this last meal digest and give it another try.
Great beer selection for draft and bottled beer; bar food is amazing!
I've been to Oblivion a few times now and can say it's a great addition to the Orlando area.  It's a laid back hangout place to grab a couple of drinks and some food with friends. They may look a little sketch on the outside and weirdly arranged on the inside due to their wide open spaces (which is true of most restaurants that have to adapt to a previously constructed building), but if you can get past this, it's worth it. My favorite thing about this place is that the beer/cider/wine list is extensive!  As a person who is not a big beer fan, but loves cider, their cider menu is killer!  So many different brands and varieties it makes my heart flutter. The main reason I gave four stars (and not five) is because recently they changed their menu.  They used to have a pretty meaty menu where you could choose from a variety of classic bar food, gourmet burgers, etc, but have since switched to a changing monthly menu that features more adventurous and high end palate pleasing dishes.   I think it was a bold and daring move on the part of the restaurant to try and cater to beer/cider lovers and foodies alike, however, I think due to the atmosphere of the place, it just doesn't mesh well.   I found myself lamenting over their new, very selective (think twelve things to choose from) menu just wishing for some plain ol' snacking bar food.  Granted, after eleven, their regular menu changes to their late night which has some good classics on it, but I'm not always there late. If you're there late, definitely try their tater tots.  I like mixing and matching the parmesan garlic with the cajun.  Delicious!
THIS PLACE IS AWFUL! The food the terrible and the service was beyond frustrating and incredibly slow. It took an hour and forty minutes from the time i walked in, until the time i was able to run out the door. Once we were finally able to put our order in, the chips and salsa took 25 minutes, and a plain burger ( that was dry and tasted like bologna) took 35 minutes. I am far from a picky eater, and there was not a single menu item I tasted that I would return for, in fact i even spit some of it out in napkin.  There was only one other table in the entire place and it didn't belong to our server, and she didn't know anything about their "extensive craft beer menu" or their food menu. They make McDonalds look like fine dining.This place was a waste of time, a waste of money and a waste of calories.
I've been going to Oblivion for almost two years now and frankly, it gets better and better with every passing visit. I tend to frequent this place at least once a week and I never tire of it.  Now, I've heard complaints from some people that I know: "It looks sketchy from the outside" Are we really going to judge an establishment based on a 10 second glance as you're driving past it?  Come on, people, break away from the sheep mentality and live a little!  Whenever I hear this from someone, I make it a point to take them to Oblivion with me.  That feeling of sketchiness seems to evaporate the moment they step inside the doors.  They have a well designed and spacious seating arrangement. I also love the broad red colors of the interior and the personality that comes out in their band/musician posters and especially the collectibles that decorate the bar area(everything from a Pliny the Elder bottle to a doll of Saw's very own Billy the puppet).  I instantly dug the atmosphere the first time I visited. "It took too long for my food" Okay, I understand this complaint but here's the thing: everything is cooked to order. So, it's worth the wait to me.  I've been known to claim that Oblivion has the best bar food in town.  I feel that might do a disservice to how good the food really is.  The standards are great - burgers are some of the best in the city.  But what really shines are the daily specials.  When Oblivion opened, Chef Goody took the concept of "bar food" to new heights for me.  I was sad to see him leave but somehow Chef Bruno has elevated this to a whole new level.  I really hope that Oblivion holds onto Bruno because I consider him to be on par with the great chefs at places such as Cask & Larder, Ravenous Pig and Prato.  He brings his unique flair to even the most "common" food dishes. "The service was lacking" Simply cannot agree with this one.  AT ALL.  The very first time I came to Oblivion, one of the biggest selling points was how I was immediately greeted with a warm hello upon entering the establishment.  I've always found the service to be friendly, attentive and extremely helpful, with some servers grabbing a seat next to you to take your order.  Now, that we've become regulars, we're often greeted as we get out of our car and several of the servers come with their arms outstretched, ready to give you a hug. I haven't even addressed the beer menu, which is not only extensive and ever rotating but is also broken down by the various styles on their menu.  So all of the IPAs, Porters, Sours, etc. are grouped together, making it easier to find a beer that suits your preference.  My favorite thing about them when it comes to draft beers - the mini beers! You pay half the price for a 5 oz pour, essentially allowing you to create your own craft beer flights.  This is very helpful if you are unsure about "committing"  to a full glass or if there are two or three high alcohol content beers that you want to try.  And for Cider lovers, you will not find a larger selection of Ciders anywhere in town.  Period.   Add to all of this the fact that they have free pool, free steel tip darts and the absolute best "themed" nights of any bar and you simply can't go wrong.   A perfect combination of superb food, fantastic beer selection, friendly staff and lots personality, Oblivion Taproom might be "off the beaten path" from other craft beer establishments, but it's well worth the trip.
THE best tap beer selection in Orlando, backed up with some of the most amazing burgers you can eat. This is my go to restraunt here in Orlando. If you like trying new beers this is the place for you, they always have something new and most beers here cannot be found on tap else where. Beware though, their food selection beyond burgers, chicken, pork are limited. My typical meal is the Hogwild with sweet potato fires, its absolutely amazing.
Solid craft brew selection, great burgers and Jabba the Hummus?  Yep. La Chica and I dropped my aunt off at the Orlando airport this past Sunday, and on the way back to Tampa, we saw this place, looked it up on Yelp and hit a U-turn.  When we walked in, we realized they were getting ready for a "May the 4th be with you" Star Wars party.  I like Star Wars (and Star Trek equally), so I got a bit excited as some of the daily specials.  Jabba the Hummus for one.  How could I resist ordering this?  I didn't (see Gigi S's pic).  The place was packed, and the kegs were being swapped out faster than we could sample them.  They have TONS of ciders if you're into that sort of thing.  Finally, after 2 beers each and meat gazing as burgers flew out of the kitchen, we decided we had better try one.  We ordered a Royale with cheese to split and added a fried egg for good measure.  The burger was flame-grilled, cooked as requested and pretty tasty.  The bun is huge and gives the impression that the burgers are slightly bigger than they are.  We are probably dealing with a 7 oz. burger if I had to guess.  Either way, it was a good burger.  The onion and chive tater tots weren't too shabby either.  Not sure what was up with their ketchup though.  Not that I'm a Heinz snob, but whatever they're using is pretty bad. It appears that a prerequisite to working is here is that one must have several tattoos and piercings; just an observation.  BUT, the staff, despite their rugged appearances, were some of the friendliest I've come across.  I really enjoyed our 2 hour squat at the bar, and can't wait to visit this joint again someday.  It's a good thing I'm a cheap bastard.  I was only on SR 50 because I was avoiding the toll road to get back to I-4!
This place has two of my favorite things: good selection of vegetarian food and beer. A great place to go out with friends!
BEEEER. Lots of it and...really, need I say more on the subject? Beer is good, they don't serve shit beer and if you want some beer, you should get some here. Hey, a poem! Bartenders, they are all awesome. When I approach the bar in my wheelchair (being chauffeured by hubs) they don't just automatically look at him first. They look at ME and talk to ME, asking me what I would like to have. Holy shit, service industry people who know handicapped people aren't necessarily DEAF. Fuckin' A, man. And that A is for awesome. FOOOD. Lots of this, too. Best wings I've ever had in my life. Really, I mean it. Ranch is phenomenal. One shouldn't be saying that about a condiment/salad dressing, but it's true, so I kinda have to. Their Sriracha ranch made my hubs an official ranch lover. Thank you. And I always thought that I hated chicharróns/pork rinds. Turns out, I love them. Tater tots, which I always knew I loved, I love even more when they're from Oblivion. Chef Goody, you're doing it right. Fried Oreo's and Boss Servers... I ate one fried Oreo and thought I had an orgasm...and then I felt bad about myself. A server stopped by to ask how we were and I shared with her the Oreo dilemma. She sagely opined that one should never feel bad in such a situation and that I should just enjoy myself. Hell YES!
i wanted to like it. really. nothing would make me more happy then another decent, independently owned beer bar (tap room, public house, restaurant with beer, whatever their calling em theses days) near my home. ya kill two birds with one stone. it's a place to get yummy beers (something out of the norm, bud, bud lite, corona, etc...) & a place to eat a well thought out meal. maybe they were having a bad night (cold onion rings & slow service). maybe i just couldn't get past the framed poster of slipknot hanging near my table.  maybe im old & even a bigger beer snob then i thought i was. i don't know, i hope they do well & help put corporate beer bars (world of beer) out of business. they are gonna have to do it without me
Good beer selection, I'll give it that. Very poor service. If you don't know the bartender, you won't get served, they look right past you and wait on their friends. Our party waited an hour and a half for a table while at least six tables were open the entire time. Very unorganized staff, inefficient and rude. The owner stood outside smoking cigarettes and drinking beer all night, seemed apathetic to service problems. Several people came and left without staying. I won't be back. Ian M.
Hearing about the great burgers at Oblivion, we decided to give it a try. With all the hype, we were surprised to be one of only two tables occupied at 7:00 p.m.  Always a bad sign. We were even more surprised when it took nearly 40 minutes for our burgers to arrive. We nearly left. But OK, the burgers are what this was all aobut. These are not good burgers. The meat is packed way too tight.  There was no distinctive flavor. Bun was fine. Tomato was nearly white. The (housemade) catsup was terrible. Some unsavory flavors in it and it's too sweet. In addition, the blue cheese dressing on the salad was inedible, must have come form the Dollar Store. We did not get any of the spicy pickle spears mentioned in previous reviews. On the plus side, they don't have 15 TVs in your face (only one at the bar), the music does not blast you ear drums into deafness, and our waitress was friendly.  But this is all about the food. Maybe if you want to stop in for one of their 100 beers on tap, this place would be fine. But if you want a burger, go elsewhere.
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time tonight. Like other reviewers have said, it looks a little sketch outside, and I'm guilty of thinking it's just some biker bar. Inside, we were seated right away and checked out the menu. They still had the December menu despite it being January 12, but I loved the selections. The cider menu and beer menu is very impressive. We ordered the sweet potato hummus which was really good. For dinner my boyfriend got the chicken chili and I got a burger. The chili was really good, as was my burger. My only criticism was that I ordered it medium well, and it came back medium rare. I still ate it, but wasn't too happy about that. Overall, service was great, food was really good, and we will most definitely be back.
Same place...awesome craft beer choices....and a new chef!! I know many people aren't so hip to the idea of change. No matter how much someone says, "I look at is at an opportunity" let's face it...we always cringe at stepping (or jumping!) into something new. Well folks, put all of any fear you have aside, and take peace knowing that the main menu pretty much stayed the same with the arrival of the new chef, but the daily specials are offering up some innovative ways to serve you fusion style foods. I'm always eager to see what comes up on my Facebook news feed on their daily specials. I stopped in on National Fried Chicken day specifically for their daily special. Fried chicken you say? Nope. Not just your traditional southern fried chicken where I'm sure we have plenty offerings for in the area, I'm talking about Korean Fried Chicken! So, what's the difference you ask? Typically Korean fried chicken includes spicy seasonings into the batter, but also it's deep fried twice, giving the outer layer of bite a "crisp upon chomping feel to it". Allow me to share with you the layers in flavors that one would experience in their Korean Fried Spicy chicken sandwich: - Crunchy spicy breading surrounding the chicken breast - Sweet, tangy and spicy (the kind that hits the back of your mouth after you've started chewing) from the gochujung mayo - Sour, tart and spiciness from the kimchi - All sandwiched between a toasted brioche bun for that plushly (I just made up that word...sorry) toasty contrast in texture I loved it. Every lick of my fingers thanked me for not sparing any sauce or kimchi left over on my plate. I'm even more curious on the upcoming fusion menu items. Yesterday, I spotted a kimchi pizza....hell yes. Today, we shall see what appears on my newsfeed...I'm drooling just waiting for that magic hour to happen :)
I have been to Oblivion Taproom a few times with my husband, and it's a cool place. I love the assortment of beers and the food is yummy. I searched the reviews to see how family-friendly people considered this place to be. I really wanted to bring the kids to the Harry Potter themed Great Hall Feast , and I was on the fence about it. Sadly, the reviews let me down. I brought the kids anyway. (They're kids books after all, right?) So, to clear things up, I'll give this a review of pretty family-friendly. The kids had a great time. We went early in the day and it was pretty quiet. They had a wand maker for the event, which my kids loved. There were a few other kids and the atmosphere wasn't so bar-ish as to make me feel like a bad parent. And the Harry Potter themed food was amazing, of course. And the drinks were too.
After my husband told me that we would be spending a few days in Orlando, I headed to Yelp to find the best restaurants around and I'm glad I saw Oblivion! It took us about 25 minutes to get here, as we were staying near the airport; and upon arrival, we weren't sure if we should go in. The exterior was quite dark and sketchy looking, but we figured that we better go in since we drove all the way there! Once we were inside, everyone was extremely nice and it was surprisingly not very busy (granted it was a Thursday night). Before we could even look at drinks, we ordered the fried pickles. They were delicious and came with a sriracha/ranch sauce. I went to order a drink and couldn't believe I hit the holy grail of cider offerings! Although, they only had one cider on draft, they had 70 different bottles available! I had 4 different ciders and loved them all! They also had a ton of beers on draft and in bottle, but my husband stuck with arrogant bastard all night. For dinner, I had the philly cheese steak which was good and my husband devoured the pulled pork sandwich! Overall, I highly recommend Oblivion! I just only wished our hotel was in walking distance! Bonus: The owner is from Michigan!
It took me a long time, but I finally made it over to Oblivion Taproom last night. It's a long ways away from where I currently live, so I've been procrastinating and trying to fit a visit in while checking out something else in the area. I finally did so last night after spending some time at The Milk Bar/Tasty Tuesdays. I wasn't here for long, so I didn't quite take in everything. I stopped by to see if OT had a beer on tap that it mentioned on Facebook last week, and thankfully it still did. I was lucky enough to get the last beer in the keg, so my beer was free! Good timing on my part. That was an unexpected and pleasant surprise. I interacted with two of the bar's employees, who were very friendly. They checked in on me a couple of times and were around to answer any questions I might have had. Since I was here for only the one beer and didn't stay long, I didn't eat any of the food. The menu is pretty cool, though - there are many interesting items on it, and I believe that the selection changes on a regular basis. Look Oblivion Taproom up on Facebook - it seems that the latest offerings and specials are posted there. OT also has an impressive list of both draft and bottled beer, so I'll definitely have to return at some point in the not-too-distant future to try a few things. Just a quick glance at the beer selection and I noticed a few things that Redlight Redlight and even World of Beer don't have! I usually am not near this part of town very often, but definitely will make a return trip to OT a priority the next time I'm in its vicinity. After another visit or two and if they're favorable (likely), I can see my 4-star review turning into a 5.
If you like ciders then this is the place for you. Now they aren't really my thing but Oblivion has the most consistently diverse selection of cider in Orlando. They have quite a bit of beer as well including a whole bunch of rotating taps and bunch of special bottles. This can be overwhelming but the staff knows what they're doing and they are more than willing to help you. The food here is great. Chef Bruno now runs the kitchen and he is just as good as he ever was if not better. All the regular oblivion food is still there with the added benefit of Bruno's daily specials. He uses mostly local ingredients and tries to keep at least one special fairly healthy. Be forewarned, the portioning is massive. One meal can usually feed 1.5 people. The decor and inside is a little strange. There is just something about the way it's set up that feels odd. Its mostly restaurant with a small bar area and a pool table and dart boards.
We went last night around midnight for a quick bite to eat. It seems like a cool place to hangout. The beer selection is decent. I'm not sure why they have such a huge selection of ciders, but if you're into that then that's the place for you. The food was ok. They just had their late night menu but it had everything we planned on ordering anyways. My boyfriend had a burger and he said it was awesome. I had the wings and got medium sauce but they were really spicy. And I like spicy. Their tator tots had a weird flavor to them too. We also got their fried pickles and they were really salty. So overall, not impressed with the food. I'd say it's a decent place to just grab a beer and hangout. It's a very "gamer" looking crowd and mostly guys. One last thing, they don't have a full bar. It's only wine and beer.
This place is off the chain and some of the best food I've had in Orlando.  I had the pretzel burger with garlic parm Tater tots and they were to die for.  My friend and I loved their selection of ciders and we tried a good amount of them.  Topped our night off with fried Oreos which were also delicious.  I will be sure to return soon.
The ginormous wings here are delicious! They also have a great selection of beers on tap. Service was great, the bartender allowed us to taste a bunch of different beers before we ordered our drinks.  We went to redlight redlight beer parlour before going to the Oblivion and definitely enjoyed the environment much more at Oblivion.
I'm hooked on this place! Great burgers! Got the seasoned tater tots with my burger this time per the servers suggestion. Would skip the seasonings next time & opt for plain ole tots. Took half of my burger home & had it for breakfast the next morning! Don't judge me! It was just as good as the previous night! When I'm feeling like a carnivore, this is my first stop! Yum!
I travel to Orlando fairly often, and almost every trip is not complete without a stop to my favorite taproom in the city. If you love craft brew and you're not a calorie counter, be sure to stop by this place! The decor in the place is awesome; wall murals of flaming skeletons and framed band posters give you plenty to look at. The waitresses are mostly all heavily tattooed (which made me very happy of course) and sweet as can be. The menu, while not extensive, does provide some great varations of burgers and other pub grub. NOT a place you want to go if you're on a diet!!! Then there's the craft/import beers, of which there is a pretty wide variety in both draft and bottle. As most point out, the cider list is VERY impressive! Besides that, you may or may not find any beers you're actually familiar with. I don't recall seeing any domestic swill on the menu either, so I can't be sure if they actually serve any. I definitely suggest coming in here with an open mind for beer and just trying something new! Every time I've been here the food has been great (tater totz galore!), the drink menu has never been the same, and the service has always been exceptional.
Thanks to Miranda she is great. she exceeds the customers expectations. .... Kudos to you all!
I would straight sweep the leg of a nun holding 4 newborns standing at the rail of an alligator pit to get my hands on some Oblivion. Fact. In some particular order, I will now attempt to mention as many of the numerous things I love about oblivion as I can, while sporadically ignoring grammar & punctuation. Bartenders, I love 'em. These Oblivion ones especially. They know what they're serving, they drink the same stuff they sell, they'll tell you flat out what's what without all that snobbishly-over-educated-with-no-sense-of-how-to-­relay-in-laymans-terms bullshit that's easy to find with craft beer bars. "Oh, silly novice! You didn't know these hops were smuggled out of Burma in fetal monkey bellies, then brewed, aged, and fermented in the back of a Kentucky meth house for a year before being filtered through Jenna Jameson's fishnets?!" - Yeah, duhhhh, HOW could I not know that? Basically, there's none of that here. The servers seem to be well reviewed. They're straight up B.A. babes. Then there's the art (SICK murals), steel tip darts, pool, a great melting pot of random people to meet at the bar. The food...dude, the food. Dude. Chef Goody lays it down! The wings. I was at work having the usual "best wings in town" debate with a buddy, told him he could only contribute to the conversation once he'd sampled Oblivion's smoked wings. He did...and that night he started a blog dedicated to reviewing amazing chicken wings. Fact. Oh, yeah, specials like gator jerky, beer floats with bacon ice cream, fried black eyed peas, and a plethora of baller ass burgers, Goody gets busy! And just a little note on quality, everything... every.thing. is made from scratch. Pshhh I'm done with this. If you need me, I'll be at Oblivion.
I went here on Tuesday night with two friends. It was my first time, but not theirs. They suggested the place as they know I love a great burger, wings and beer. Well, I'm glad they suggested this place. It's a little bit of a hike from the Disney area, but well worth the drive. We were greeted at the door by a nice host covered in tats. She welcomed us right away and asked if we wanted a table or booth. I love this detail; being big, I don't really like booths, and this attention is nice. It's like recognizing that I'm big and accommodating it without pointing it out at the same time. The place itself seems kind of like a biker bar, but it's a very nice, clean one. Once seated, you see that it isn't that at all. In fact, all kinds are welcome here. The night I went, they had some sort of Cosplay group there. To add to that, there were people sitting there drawing as well as a table of obvious beer snobs. All seem to be having a lot of fun in a pretty much judgment free zone. One of the best things is they have an actual dart board. I have not seen one of these since I moved to the area. Plus, they have pool tables to enjoy. As for the food and beverage part, their menu mostly consists of burgers and appetizers. They did, however, have an awesome special that night of gourmet hot dogs. I wanted to try everything they had so we divided the menu up. I ordered an order of the special, which were double Wild bill dogs, a hot frank covered with cole slaw, french fries, bacon, cheese and BBQ sauce. For an app I got an order of BBQ wings. My buddy got a Wild Bill Burger, which is the same as the dog, but instead of bacon you get pork belly. He also ordered pork belly sliders. We pretty much split up all the food between us. Everything tasted great, but my favorite was by far the sliders. The pulled pork just melted in my mouth. I can't say enough good things about this dish. Now, if you're a beer, fan Oblivion is the place for you to visit. The menu they have isn't for food - the food menu is just one page. The beer/cider menu consists of at least four pages. Now, I have been to beer clubs before, but I'm use to just picking a number and giving it a try. Here they go into great detail of each beer so there isn't much of a guess here. You should know or at least have an idea what your drinking. I will warn you about one thing. If you're just going out for a Budweiser or a Miller Lite, you may want to look elsewhere. Sure, they probably have it, but this really isn't the place for it. I have to say all things considered, I really do like this place. Yes, the food is great, and the meal portions are humongous, but that's not why I like it so much. I like that anyone can come and feel like they're at home. You can sit here and be in a judgment free zone. So come on in, grab a pint, a meal, and relax. Because Oblivion Taproom is definitely fat kid tested, fat kid approved. Stay peckish my friends. Chat Conversation End
An incredible selection of beers from around the US and the globe.  They also have an entire beer menu page devoted to ciders from around the world! I went in for beer and a basic burger, but their "Wild Bill" burger and seasoned fries (you get to pick from several side and seasoning options, I chose garlic and chive) WERE OUT OF THIS WORLD!  My compliments to the chef!   Service didn't waste a second making me comfortable and taking care of my thirst.  The bartenders are polite and they ALL look after the customer.  My glass rarely reached bottom and my food came out promptly and to order. The vibe is a mix of old punk rock and rock and roll complete with a photo of The Man in Black and a classic Misfits fiend poster to name a few.  When I arrived, the stereo was tastefully playing everything from the Hillbilly HellCats, Social Distortion, and classic rockabilly.   There was no scenester air from the customers or staff though.  I am an old rocker but I came in dressed like a business tourist dork:  I was treated well. If you love beer, crave REAL food that isn't made to protect your figure, and you appreciate service and a unique atmosphere, GO TO OBLIVION TAPROOM IN ORLANDO, FLORIDA!
My fiance and his parents visited this cool place for the first time today. They have cool skeleton art on the walls and nice spacious dining room. Our Server Sammy was great. We got the wings as a starter in medium garlic sauce. It had a little kick to it= pretty darn good wings. We also tried the schnitzngiggle. The brats were good but the sour kraut was cold and more like a raw cabbage slaw.  The burgers were great. Really fresh ingredients.  The beer menu is insane, lots to choose from.  The only reason this place is getting 4 instead of 5 stars is because they serve off brand ketchup (im a heinz girl), the parm/garlic flavor we got on the tots didn't come through much at all, and sour kraut being not great. We would definitely go back. Tuesdays are hot dogs specials, I guess.
I'm sad I waited this long to go here - I follow them on Facebook, I live within walking distance - it's so worth it! They hype themsleves up on Facebook but for good reason, it's a great place! I don't drink, but I love this bar. They carry my favorite brand - Sprechers - who do beer of course, but also amazing craft sodas. They had their seasonal flavor in stock and I haven't found it anywhere outside of its native Wisconsin until now! The drink list is absurd - I wish I liked alcohol because I'd never get bored. The food is what I came for and they don't disappoint. I love just reading their specials on Facebook, I imagine every dish tastes as good as they describe. Since this was my first time, I opted to try the regular menu first. The tater tots were crispy and fresh and there's such a huge range of toppings you can go months without the same combo twice. We also tried the wings which were cooked perfectly, crisp on the outside and juicy inside. A simple dry rub, they were good as-is but there's also a big list of sauces you can add. Their blue cheese and beer mustard are delicious. Also tried the Hog Wild burger where each component was delicious. Great quality bacon, smokey pulled pork, thick sweet onion ring, and well cooked juicy burger (well, we ordered medium rare and got medium, but I can forgive that). Everything was fresh and they have natural cut fries with a variety of additional seasonings. The waitresses were friendly and checked up on us frequently. The prices were adequate for food, and according to my friends who were drinking, the prices on alcohol were insanely cheap compared to other local establishments. I'll definitely come back - they do some cool special events and their daily specials are always eye-catching when they show on my facebook newsfeed.
This is my favorite bar to come to whenever I am in Orlando. Great food, amazing beer and awesome staff. Everything is perfect and I love it. They change out their beer selection as often as the kegs are tapped and they keep the food greasy and plentiful. Go here!
Why 5 stars? Because this is my new favorite bar in Orlando.   ---   ---   --- -Excellent beer selection. -Extremely friendly employees. -Eccentric vibe. It's the 3 E's of success. This joint is in a strip mall, and while it might seem like an iffy place to go, it's not. The bartenders and the customers have a lot of facial hair, which is always good for something.
I've been waiting to write this review for some time.  I've eaten here multiple times, and each time seems to get exponentially better EVERY TIME! First time, had the jalapeno burger. Thought it was ok, a tad too spicy(and I like spice).  So I was a little disspointed my first time. Second time, they had an Oktoberfest theme specials. WOW, they tasted authentic German and everything was scarfed down. Third time, recently, went with one of my best friends on a Friday.  The scene was happening, almost every table was occupied, and each table a totally different kind of clientelle.  I LOVE the variety of people that come to Oblivion, basically it is anyone that loves tons of beer options and the best specials menu in all Orlando. I hear the wings are amazing, I promise I'll get them eventually, as soon as you stop making specials on the chalkboard that I can't refuse to get.  This round I got the Royal Red shrimp mac n cheese.  Let me just start off by saying i almost NEVER order mac n cheese anywhere. I've had too many let downs in my life with "fancy" mac n cheese.  Let me also tell you royal red shrimp is my favorite shrimp in the world.  I KNEW this mac n cheese would be special, and I was right. The tenderness of the lobstereque shrimpys was sublime....I'm actually driving to Cocoa to buy royal reds today, because I'm craving them that bad....you think i'm joking.  I am not.  My friend had the pork belly french toast.... Wait, what?! Did you just say pork belly french toast!?  It was the BEST pork belly compilation I have ever had.  And this is coming from the unofficial selfproclaimed Pork Belly King of Orlando!  It has one slice of amazing(can't put my finger on what kind) french toast, a jelly compote(I think), pork belly loaded on top, then drizzled with condensed milk sauce. This needs to be added to the menu.  Now and FOREVER. I can't wait for the next round of specials.........they make my heart flutter and my belly coo.
Best burger in Orlando!!! Don't let the stupid name or building stop you! The food is fantastic!!! Drove past it a million times not knowing what it actually was....friend made me go in....GO IN! You won't be DISAPPOINTED!!!!!
Went here with a group of friends this past Friday. I checked Yelp beforehand and saw Colleen's review, so I knew we were in good hands. Atmosphere is good. I was expecting more of a bar vs. a sit-down restaurant. Granted, we did go at 6:15 p.m., so that could've been it, too. Some families and young children. Our table shared three (count 'em, THREE) orders of Tater Tots: Cajun, Old Bay and Parmesan Garlic. Old Bay was by far my favorite. All were delicious; crispy on the outside, warm and soft on the inside. Yum! I'd go back just for these. I had the Pretzel Burger and it was pretty good. The cheese sauce and pretzel bun were a nice touch. Came with a side and I ordered a salad, which was silly on my part. Should've gone with fries or something else. (Maybe even more tots?!) My boyfriend ordered the wings and shared one with me. Good ... but definitely not as amazing as I expected. They are definitely different than the typical gooey and overly sauced buffalo wings I'm accustomed to, so that was nice. The wings were crispy (without feeling fried and greasy) and full of seasoning. However, I've got to say that they came off as dry to me ... Also, they don't automatically come with celery, which makes me sad. On to the beer ... I tried a bunch of different ones and ciders. Take advantage of the small pours so you can try several. Our server was really helpful in that regard. I described the beers I typically enjoy and she did a good job of recommending a few for me to sample. I ended up going with a grapefruit one that was pretty refreshing. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go here ... but wouldn't mind returning with friends.
I can't stop lovin' and thinkin' about Oblivion.  Oblivion Taproom serves a cool variety of beers and ciders and delicious food.  The staff are cordial and helpful.  There are two dart boards (steel-tip) and one pool table.  They also hold regularly-scheduled fun events, for example, Wonka Day with candy decorations hanging from the ceiling, candy on the tables, Willy Wonka movies- original and new on the tellies, and staff dressed as characters from the movie.  What a hoot! In Orlando, as well as in other cities, to find all of these aforementioned attributes at one establishment is extremely rare.  Nice work Oblivion.   I was a bit disappointed when I heard they don't make their own fries anymore, but the frozen fries (regular and sweet) they are serving are good.  And, their other food items are so flavorful, I'm not focused on the spuds.
Since my review last year I've been to Oblivion quite a bit, it's become our regular "let's grab a great beer with dinner" place. Food is always good and the rotating menu of craft beers is expansive and tasty. And updated regularly!  I've been here with larger groups, a few friends and just the hubby. No matter the size of your party, the servers are always top notch- very friendly and welcoming. If you bump into some friends while there, which we seem to, it's never a problem to add onto the table and make room for someone to enjoy the good times. Hubby is currently loving the Lemon Pepper wings and I'm on the Cheeze burger subbing the beef with the black bean patty. Last trip had me making a meat burger a veggie burger and our friends making the paradise veggie burger a meaty delicious burger. Again, server was happy to accommodate and made great suggestions on the newer menu items and some of the newly tapped craft beers.  Oblivion just gets it right on every level.
Only been once, but I can not wait to go back! This place is just how I like the menus: big beer menu and not too many food choices to have to choose from. (I can only handle one big decision at a time!) I chose a beer and they didn't have it...but second choice was a winner. The kimchi chicken sandwich I had was awesome - though I didn't eat it as a sandwich because man that thing would have been messy! The service was good and food and drinks came out in good time.
My FAVORITE thing about this place is that it's pretty unrivaled in Orlando as far as their selection of ciders. They always have 1-3 on tap and keep up to date on all the seasonal, limited, and hard to find ciders. Better yet, the bartenders are extremely knowledgable about the ciders. The same goes for their beer selection. Secondly, they just recently rolled out a new menu with a new chef. I know there are a lot of reviews about the old menu and the new menu so to sum up the differences I will say they seem to have gotten rid of a few items that were pre-made in favor of handmade items (i.e. the seitan bites and vegetarian burger patties replaced by felafel bites and felafel patties that taste more fresh) which I think is an upgrade. The rest of the menu is changed slightly with a few exciting burger/roll additions. I personally love the food. It is more "pub food" and heavy, but I love it. (My choice item is a burger with pulled pork, onion ring, bbq sauce and fried egg. Yes, I realize this is extremely gluttonous but knock back a few beers and you won't mind ;]) There have definitely been times, as others have mentioned, where it takes the food a LONG time to come out. It seems to me that this has been getting better more recently so maybe they realized it. They also have a pretty good selection of vegetarian food in case anyone is interested. And pool and darts.
I'm becoming a regular here lately, especially for their Tuesday Taco night, and Wednesday wings and pizzas. Other times I'll meet a group of friends for one of their events or just to hang out. They have different tacos and pizzas every week, so don't get too attached to one you liked the last time you came. Their resident Chef Bruno puts a unique twist on both the tacos and pizzas, you probably won't find any where else, such as Octopus tacos, and sauerkraut pizza. I do wish they had some more healthy offerings. I suppose if you wanted to go low carb,  you can always skip that hamburger bun and get the veggie burger. Or get your taco without the flour shell. You can also get grilled wings on Wednesday, while other days they offer their smoked wings, which I think are fried. (yes, I'm a health snob) Their staff is probably the coolest in town and they have a friendly subculture-ish look. Most of the patrons are nerdy, geeky professional types, with some Emo, Goth and Punk mixed in. I fit right in being a computer geek myself. Some events I've attended are Nintendo night, where the staff dressed as Nintendo characters from the 80's, and special beer tapings. People I know who haven't been here say they think it's a biker bar from the outside, so are afraid to come in. I have to tell them it's a cool laid back place you can bring your kids too. Seriously, people bring their kids here! Bring your kids too! I don't have to mention anything about their beer selection other reviews haven't already mentioned. I can say the one drawback is they rotate their drafts, and sometimes a new favorite beer I liked last time I came, isn't there the next visit.
Have been here now several times and each time has been good. Food is great, as long as you are not afraid of getting some calories, and the beer selection is one of the more diverse  selections you will find in Orlando, especially for ciders. Make sure to check out their website for events, The last two times I stopped by happened to be events, a beer pairing/tasting and a walking dead theme.
I love this place! While the outside makes it seem like somewhat of a hole in the wall, it is quite the opposite. While the food menu is limited, mostly burgers and wings, the craft beer menu is phenomenal.  The service is always great and the atmosphere is very laid back. Food comes out relatively fast but is always fresh, hot, and made correctly. I wish I lived closer to Oblivion because I'd definitely be there once at least once a week.
I love the punk decor and the staff was so warm and friendly. I feel at home in a place that has servers with Mohawks accentuated with neon leopard spots. Perfect for Oblivion. Great name.  Very comfortable environment.   The food was tasty, even like tater tots and those aren't usually my favorite. I understand we had a special burger, but the combination of pineapple and goat cheese was phenomenal and very filling. The dry rub wings were tasty without being messy.  The beer selection is stellar and served by a group of friendly bartenders. I only wished I lived closer so I could visit more often. :)
I can see why everyone is raving about this place. The staff is very friendly, the selection of beer is impressive and the overall atmosphere is a lot if fun. The place was busy on a Friday night and we had to wait for a table. No problem. With a few Mango Magnifico's in hand (delicious taste of mango with a slight bite of habanero) and in the company of good friends, we moved on to the pool table to kill some time and shoot the breeze (the pool cues and the table felt are in need of some TLC). In about thirty minutes, our table was ready. We ordered the Dumpster Plate and an order or chicken wings to start. The overall flavor of the Dumpster Plate was good but there were only a few slices of the Philly steak on top. By the second bite, all the meat was gone and we were left with tater tots and bell peppers smothered in cheese sauce. The wings were tasty and adequately prepared. For the entree, I had the Southern Style Fried Chicken while the Mrs. had the burger Royale with jalapeños added. The chicken itself was tasty. I could really taste the good brine the poultry was marinated in but the beading kept falling off. The burger was okay. One slight pet peeve was the absence of fresh jalapeños. Gotta have those if you are a local "mom and pop" place serving burgers. Overall, the concept is good, the service was extremely efficient, and the beer selection is top notch. The pricing is also very reasonable (we checked in with Yelp and got 10% off the entire bill). I would just make a few slight improvements to the food.
Service was great, beer selection was pretty good, food was so-so. I ordered the pretzel burger and fries. It came with some sort of flavorless liquid cheese. Someone else at our table had the same cheese with their fries, and compared the taste to paste. I actually found everything to be flavorless an un-seasoned. I've heard good things about this place, and may try it again if I'm in the area, but it is not worth a drive of any significant distance.
My wife, son, and I recently decided to stop by again on a Wednesday. On Wednesday, they have smoked wings and macaroni and cheese as specials. Both are definitely worth the visit and the cost. The wings are seasoned, smoked, and then deep-fried. They are then tossed in your choice of sauce. In my case, I had them sauced in hot buffalo sauce. They were fantastic. The blue cheese sauce that accompanied them was also top notch. My wife had the macaroni and cheese with smoked pork belly. This was another hit. The bowl was absolutely huge resulting in a take home box with enough for a second meal. This was after both my son and I kept sampling from her bowl. I highly recommend paying a visit to this location on a Wednesday. Also, If you haven't been here in awhile, I highly recommend giving it another try. As I stated in my previous review, we had stopped coming for awhile as the quality seemed to have degraded from the level it was when they first opened. I repeat here again for this visit. This place is back to being top notch. If you are thinking about stopping by....DO IT! It is well worth it.
Best Burger I've had in Orlando! The Royale! Loved the mixed greens instead of lettuce! So the night we went was National Pirate day! The pirate menu looked so amazing!  I stuck with a regular burger, nothing fancy added. It was one of the best burgers! Juicy, cooked just how I like them. I'll miss this place after we move! But life goes on and there are other burger joints (just not sure if they'll be as hood as at Oblivion!
First time visitor. Staff is very friendly. Food is really good. Beer selection is pretty awesome. I had the Jalapeno Burger with onion rings. Very delicious. Pineapple and teriyaki sauce on the burger...different, but works. Maybe not as spicy as I would like it, but most people don't like food as spicy as I do. Kind of 'biker' atmosphere...but cool. I will be going again.
Oh, thank goodness the menu looks like a bar menu again. I was excited when I heard they were changing their executive chef and after I saw the new online menu I went. I have seen comments about the dreaded nacho cheese mass-production fiasco in several posts and I'm so glad they now have the Oblivion beer cheese. Problem solved. I do think the menu is still running a little expensive, but now the menu has added a few sharable things which makes getting a snack with your beer affordable. I returned for a girl's night dinner with the goal of sampling the burgers. I know I have complained about the price a few times, but I still splurged for a Wild Bill (no bun or fries) so I could try each of the ingredients and I ordered a side salad with bleu cheese dressing. The perfect medium rare patty was tender and delicious and ordering it without a bun made it easy to try all the ingredients separately, then together. My order was brought out while the onions were still crispy and the smooth beer cheese sauce mixing with the sweet barbecue worked perfectly with the salty onions. The full mix of the beef, coleslaw, pork belly, beer cheese, barbecue sauce, and crispy onions was great, but each component was enjoyable in itself as well. The only one that wasn't perfect was the pork belly because it was a little tough and dry but bites of it with the coleslaw and sauces had a great smokey, sweet taste. My side salad was a beautiful blend of greens with a bleu cheese dressing that had so much flavor and cheese it tasted homemade. Oblivion, wherever you're getting that from please don't stop. It's some of the best dressing I've ever had; I almost want to order wings so I can have an excuse to scoop it into my mouth. My dining companions had similar experiences with their orders: all burgers served warm, the meat was the right temperature, everything tasted great. To top off the great meal, Oblivion had Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale, which is my favorite beer ever, and our server was right on top of things; our food took a little while to come out and she made sure we never had an empty water. I am optimistic that the bar is back on the right track and pleased that there is now one place in town that knows how to not overcook a burger.
Hey! It's my favorite bar in all of Whorelando! The dirty-O? The nebulas of traffic in America? Whatever you call Orlando, it would not be my residence if I never found Oblivion.  While Oblivion has graced me with some gluten-free options on the beer menu, for the love of God please, I beg of you, make some gluten-free deep fried food! Pretty, pretty please!  I absolutely loved the wings and fried pickles here before I found out I was a full blown celiac.  The one thing about this bar is to not get your heart set on a beer because they are often out of beers, and the beers are constantly changing, but that is a good thing too!  You know you will never get a flat, old, beer with dirty lines.  It may seem like a punk-rock place and a little intimidating but it definitely is not! My mother begs me to bring her here whenever she comes to visit and I always bring out-of-towner friends.   It doesn't hurt that the owners love the Red Wings as well.
Love this place. Looks like a dive bar but far from it. Has a great beer selection and good beer prices. I especially like that they have the price and size of the beer on the menu. Additionally their food is fantastic. Best tater tots in town. Also had the Magic Mushroom burger with sweet potato fries, and both were delicious.
This place looks like some sort of strip club dump on the outside but do not be fooled.  They have a kick ass selection of beers and the best cider selection I have seen, period.  If you like a good beer and/or cider bring a DD.  The lemon and rasberry ciders were heavenly.  There was also a decent selection on lambics for those not ready for the full on hops effect.    They also had a delicious ale from Iceland.  When I told our server how much I was digging it she put the last bottle aside for me.   They have pretty awesome food specials (the swordfish....nom nom nom) and an  array of tasty burgers.  I had the pretzel burger which was a perfectly cooked piece of meat on a pretzel bun with nice brown mustard and cheese sauce on the side.  You can get your pick of fries, sweet potato fries, or tots on the side with an array of seasonings (plain ol' salt, Old Bay, parmesan garlic, etc)  The tots were nice and crispy and made delicious with the parmesan garlic seasoning.  YUM YUM YUM! Our server (I wish I could remember her name) was super awesome and took very good care of our group.  In fact, all the employees were really cool.   There was a cool, laid back crowd and good tunes in the background to boot.  They are closed Mondays which can be tragic if that's when you start thinking about those burgers and tater tots.  You'll have to just sucks it up and wait until Tuesday to satisfy your hankering.
Best tater tots you will ever eat in your life! Great hangout spot. Delicious vegan options. Endless lists of ever rotating beers and ciders. Killer music. Cute and attentive staff. Awesome atmosphere. Cool chef. I highly suggest the barbecued seitan bites with vegan batter with a side of chive and garlic tots. This is THE PLACE.
I had a hankering for some good drinks and good food.  Well, Oblivion doesn't disappoint.  I had great service and the food was very good.  Cider lovers, you will not be disappointed!  (And all the other beer folks too, of course.)  The cider list here is quite extensive.  I ordered the Oliver Beanblossom Hard Peach Cider. I've had a few different flavors before and they're all very tasty.  You'd be surprised to find out that it's 8% ABV. I ordered the Pork Lovers Pigout.  Pork rinds with jalapeño cheese sauce, jalapeños and pulled pork on top.  I was really digging the pork rinds, jalapeños and the cheese sauce.  Crispy, salty, spicy, yum!  The pulled pork?  Not so much.  I know it's the Pork Lovers Pigout but it was too much pork for me.  Or rather, the pulled pork wasn't doing much for me.  Perhaps if the meat was smoked or had a different type of sauce to accent it more?  I didn't use much of the salsa but the cumin-lime sour cream was good.  This was pretty much a pork rind play on nachos.  Timing is the essence with this dish since the pork rinds started to get soggy from the cheese.  Some of the pork rinds were so large, I was so glad there was a napkin dispenser.  Messy might have been an understatement with me.  Overall, I'd order this again sans pulled pork. I also ordered the "You're My Boy Bleu" burger.  This burger was really good.  Not greasy, good portion and on a brioche bun.  Pretty minimalistic, just a seasoned beef patty with lettuce, tomato and smoked bleu cheese.  The tater tots were also super tasty.  When you order a sandwich/burger, you pick your side and then you pick your seasoning.  I selected the tater tots with the Hawaiian Raw Garlic seasoning.  I was curious what made it Hawaiian but apparently, it's just raw garlic seasoning.  It just happens to be that Hawaiians like raw garlic a lot.  Well, that's good to know because I thought the "Hawaiian" was going to indicate some sort of sweet flavoring.  I thought the tots were really good although I didn't get that strong raw garlic flavor.  There was some cheese sauce left from my "Pork Lovers Pigout" which went fantastic with the tots. As a random piece of info, Oblivion does have free wifi.  I ran a speed test (out of curiosity) and got a download speed of 6,377 kbps.  Nice! All in all, this is a great spot for the beer lovers and the adventurous eaters.  Be forewarned, you'll leave here a happy glutton.
It's about time I updated my initial review since I have been here countless times now and I really am blown away by the daily specials menu, options of beers & ciders (wow!!!) and the deliciousness of the food! The wings, OMG... the house BBQ rubbed wings are delicious. I had a burger and decided to try these as well and in the middle of my burger they arrived and I felt like a bad burger host as I ignored my burger for 15 min while I housed the wings. They literally were finger licking good. They have wet wings too but I prefer the dry rub and this is where it's at, yall! If I have a hankering to try a new cider, I head here. There is an entire page to choose from, to my knowledge the largest cider selection in Orlando... heck maybe even FL. I mean anyone can find a cider they love here. Also, I am no beer connoisseur in the least but I know this place ROCKS some awesome craft brews. Check their FB for daily updates on selections. I recently tried the pretzel burger too and it was delicious like everyone is saying. I loved the softness of the pretzel, it really did add to the burger experience. And if you are having a tough decision with all the options of flavors to add to your tots or chips, take it from me... Chicken Salt!!! (if you like salt like I do!) So friggin' delicious... AND eating all that salt makes you want to drink more, score! I would steer clear of the sweet potato fries... way too many other delicious fry options here. Everyone I chat with that hasn't been here is always thrown off by the outside or the neon sign... do yourself a favor and don't judge a book by the cover man, take a minute and walk inside! Yes, it's a little dark but it's a dope pub with amazing food and fabulous owners that love what they do and appreciate each and every customer that comes in. I promise you will dig it!
Been wanting to try this place for a minute. Finally did last night! Came in with a friend of mine, right before the NFL Playoffs kicked off. Just walking in to the place you get a cool vibe. You have skulls and skeletons all over, and a 420 sign as a nice touch. There's a pool table and darts in the back. Kicked it off with the loaded pulled pork nachos. They were demolished so fast I didn't even have time to snap a pic. There homemade salsa has a kick, awesome! I got the pretzel burger, consume the extra calories and get extra cheese sause with it (freaking amazing!) For fries I got bacon and cheese, couldn't go wrong. Snacked on some of the onion rings, some of the best I've ever had and there house ketchup is banging! They have a plethora of great beers to choose from no matter your taste. The waitress was awesome and had a sense of humor. Great place too chill and eat some killer food! I'll definitely be back.
I have a tendency to put off reviews for some of my favorite places, which I know may seem a bit odd. The higher the frequency that I visit an establishment, the higher the likelihood that there's no review for that place in my Yelp coffer. I could easily convince the most un-superstitious person that years ago, an old, warty woman, accosted me on the street and put a curse on me. I've written before how I'm cursed when it comes to movie theaters, but I've held back on the other part of that curse. When I really enjoy a place, it closes. There have been numerous instances where I will visit somewhere a few times, show up a week later, and doors are locked, covered with an "Out of Business" sign. I know, that's some bullshit. I also know that if the great folks at Oblivion know what's good for them, they'll refuse my business. So 5 stars for a bar, proud of their massive selection of beer, when I'm not a beer drinker. Let me clarify. I despise beer. I would rather have Jeff Goldblum toss some fly cookies on my face than drink a beer. So why such a high rating? For one, they have an incredible selection of cider, something I do enjoy. But more than that, is the food. In a dozen+ visits, I have not had anything I didn't like, and only a few instances of things that I didn't love. I could wax poetic about how they make practically everything in-house, including the condiments. I could talk about how sometimes it seems that the healthiest item on the menu is the font-size. I could even join the circle jerk and declare my love for their burgers. I'm not going to do any of that. Oblivion makes me hate Facebook a little less. Tuesday through Sunday, I check Facebook each day to see what the current specials are. My girlfriend, bless her, does seems to do the same thing. On more than a few occasions I've drooled over the description of an item and when the "What do you feel like for dinner" talk came up, we both suggested Oblivion for whatever creation was making an appearance. The BLT Sushi?  Awesome. Bacon-wrapped tots?  Wonderful. Chicken fried burger? Thank you so much! Filipino pork belly and garlic rice? Delightful. Out of this world meatloaf? Super good. Chef Goody's wiener, stuffed with cheese, wrapped with bacon, and rolled in brown sugar? Will you marry me? These are a few of the fantastic creations we've rushed over to try. That does not even include their already great menu which we're working our way through. The pork lover's nacho's must be tried, and all of the burgers and other items I've had have been great. I even tried the caramel apple beer float, and hey... It wasn't awful! I was able to drink beer! On the majority of our visits, I'll put in an order for their fresh chips and pick a random flavor. They are a great mini-starter, and come on... For $2, I'd have to be an idiot not to order them! So what's not to love? Not much. I enjoyed the sausage burger (the Conley) but wouldn't get it again as I thought it was a bit tough because of how thick it was. I won't complain about too much meat, so I'l just get other things. The one continuing nag that I have is that at some point they changed their ranch. When they first opened, it was very dilly, and absolutely perfect. Now, a lot of that dill is gone, with what seems like an almost citrusy taste. It's remained like this for quite a while, so I imagine I'm in the minority and others prefer this. I hate those people. I love dilly ranch (not to be confused with a Dildo Ranch, which is probably... Something else entirely) So, I'm sorry Oblivion. I pray to the great spaghetti monster in the sky that this curse does not follow me to your door. For now, I'll continue preaching about one of my favorite restaurants in Orlando. A restaurant, which I'm about to head to right now.
Ok, I'm breaking a personal rule here.  I'd usually hold off on a review of a brand-spanking new place until I'd been there twice.  But, I can't help myself.  Hold on to your hats people, but check it.  Best. Wings. In. Town!!! Spice rubbed, smoked, grilled.  AWESOME.  Also?  Several craft beer selections available under $5 all night long.  Super duper!   Waitresses were chatty and cool.  I'm old enough to remember Straub's (check some of my earliest reviews) and am happy to say Oblivion obliterates all reminders of the old seafood house.  Happy skulls. Happy skulls!  Super cool. Cannot wait to try a burger!
I have been waiting for the place to open for what feels like forever :) It's so close to my house and has the food I love...BURGERS and lots of them. Seriously, a whole menu page devoted to burgers. But beyond that even if you're not a burger freak like me I think you'll like this place. One thing I really respect is that everything here is handmade from the pickles to the ketchup and it's all really good :) They have foodie food like pork belly arepas and bar-type food (but WAY better quality). Back to the burgers...I just got a cheeseburger...still not my favorite burger ever but for sure in my top five :) And the fries...wow. As soon as I had one I said to my friend...you have to try these. REALLY good :) If you're a beer love you'll love that they have 40 beers on tap. And it's not like Miller Lite or anything...these are serious beers. I love that they have cider. I wish they had more variety but I don't know that everyone loves cider as much as me. I also really like the atmosphere. It just really fits me. They also have pool and darts if you feel like playing. And BONUS they are open until 2am Tuesday through Sunday...no need to hit a drive through after a concert. I love that there's a place open late to get good, quality food. I hope this place really works because I can't wait to come again!
Amazing spot for food, friends, fun, and BEER!!! Love the everchanging beer selection. I have such a hard time deciding which beer I want. Then you have to decide on food...... MUST have a burger! The wings are a great way to start but the burgers are amazing! Pair your burger with some tots or the always fabulous sweet potato fries with their amazing sauce. The staff are always friendly and the atmosphere is super chill. A little off the beaten path but a popular spot spot amongst my friends.
Went for the first time. And it lives up to it's hype..!!! My friends were saying that it was good and that the dry rub wings were awesome...and I will say they lived up to hype!!!! Great place!!!!
The host and server were very nice and friendly. The beer list was very long and thorough and it was great to be able to order flights of beer to be able to try many different kinds. I expected to be very impressed with the food and wasn't. While, the burgers were tasty-they were not the best burgers I've ever had-they were just OK. I would come back for the beer selection, not for the food.
Still hovering at four stars, although, when I brought a big group to try out Oblivion for the first time, there were a few things I noticed that could use improvement. I admit I made a last minute reservation with them about 2 hours before my guests were arriving. We all decided on an impromptu dinner and I wanted them to try Oblivion. So kudos to Oblivion for accommodating that to begin with. I was expecting about 6-8 people when 10 or 11 showed up. I know this can be disconcerting for the hostess but, still, I just brought you 3 additional customers. The least you can do is figure out how to seat them. Her only suggestion was to split us up into booths. It took so long to have my additional guests seated that my friends actually considered leaving to eat at the food truck next door and returning to join us for drinks. Unacceptable. After some confusion, my friends were finally seated with us and we all ordered. I ordered the Beer and Cheddar Soup from the day's special. I thought it was a delicious albeit a little too salty. I ate every last bit and loved the bread slices that went with it. My friend ordered the BBQ Sliders from the specials menu and although he said it tasted fine, he was really disappointed by the serving size. For $8 dollars, he got two bite-sized sliders. He would have been better off ordering the $8-11 burgers off the regular menu. For the most part, it appeared everyone enjoyed themselves and I had two friends return the following night with two more friends (I think the fact that Oblivion served seiten was a big incentive!). But I did feel a tad embarrassed when it took so long to have my additional guests seated, definitely not what I would like their first impression of Oblivion to be like.
Haha!  I'm a fan. First of all, in my mind there's automatic bonus points for any place that features any of the Southern Tier stouts. And with a total of 40 beers available at a given time, there's enough to keep you busy. Anyway, I can't wait to come back to this place when I'm properly  prepared.  It's pretty rare to find dartboards for steel-tipped darts in this area, and now that I know where to find some, I need to come back with my darts and prepare to spend a long evening. We ordered the jerk chicken sandwich and the Pretzel burger.  The jerk chicken sandwich was seasoned nicely, had a nice kick, and was topped with a mango slaw.  The Pretzel burger was cooked perfectly, and delicious as well -- and it came with that pretzel cheese on the side, the remainder of which made for a nice dip for the tater tots. We split the sandwiches in half so we could each try both of them.  It turned out to be a great idea.  Both of them were delicious. I'm honestly already excited to come back.  The beer is great, the food is great.... and steel tipped darts!
Wifey and I loved last month's menu from Chef Bruno (his ravioli & sweet potato hummus was awesome for the tummy!). The new menu is a hit for us, the stuffed mushroom w/ goat cheese and the new dessert "Oblivibars" are too good. Go by and try them out for a bite size!!
Awesome, good selection of beer, lots of burger options. I tried about 5 different beers and the smoked wings and the quesadillas. Staff were all helpful and the decor rocks. Plenty of parking and they take credit cards. Make sure to sample some beer out of the tiny goblets.
YEAH!!! I Cheated My Diet to OBLIVION !! - and have zero regrets! - When a man's made his mind up it's time to let loose and do it - just git the hell outa the way! Yep, I've been seven devoted weeks now to a low glycemic  regime diet (low, low carbohydrates) and have loss 13 lb. , but that didn't stop me from trying Pete's "Hog Wild" burger  with the upgraded beer batter onion rings at Oblivion Taproom.   Damn folks, now doesn't sinnin' usually include the  good things? Well Oblivion is for certain a good place to  dump those silly diet restrictions and "go fer it" when you're feeing a deserved hiatus from all that restriction BS! The reward is a blessing of great dinning. For starters, I choose the ABT 12 ($8.00) from their extensive micro brew draft bar line up and well, it was as the Monks would have served it; guiltless and chilled enough to allow the  complex brew flavors to shine through and set me up for a great dinner experience. My dinning partner ordered the Mokah brew - a chocolate coffee stout. ($6.00) . She says she will be looking for this at Total Wine tomorrow as it impressed her so with the up front and un bashful "chocolate sins". Now man, that Hog Wild Burger with pork and onion' rings  ($11.00), was cooked pink in  center as I  like it, (good job guys)  and the pork (though not plied as high as I was willing to pay the sin tax for) was ample enough to add to the "yeah I'm going HOG WILD on this cheater. An inspired combination you just have to try. Now I anticipated the side order upgrade of  the onion rings ( +$2.00) would be Kick Azz  cause they say they slather up the bater using brews from their own taps! OMG, This is some really choice fried up  sin'n dudes. Worth the added purgatory or added diet set back if  you must be realistic. But for real now- if you are NaCl - sodium chloride  sensitive- LET YOUR SERVER KNOW.  I happen to love the stuff. I have been known to use salt as a dip on the side of my plate with grilled steak. This batch of rings were very much on the v.  side- as I  like them. (thank goodness) The home made chips that also came to our table were heavy on the salt too - so be assertive in your directive. Who the heck would have room for desire for dessert after all this? Not this crew, but the offered Cream Brulee surly  sounded like perfection in good ideas to mellow the palate back to neutral after all that flavorful assault. Next time! Loved your home brewed music mix too!! Go Back?? Hell Yes Pete! Just as soon as the other 12 lb loss shows up on the scale! See ya in December.
Finally, after months of trying, we made it out to Oblivion. I'd been begging my friends to go every time we went to the dollar movies, and this time it actually panned out. Yay! First off, if you're a cider fan, for the love of god don't be like me and not realize there's a list of more than 40 ciders on the back page of the beer menu. I was too slow to notice that before I had already ordered. Next time I won't be so silly. Instead of bottled cider, I got two mini-pints (half price on any tap beer/cider they have, as many mini-pints as you want! Awesome!), one of the Woodchuck summer cider, and one of the Fruli strawberry. So good. For entrees, we had a Pretzel burger with Hawaiian raw garlic fries, and a Jalapeno burger with Old Bay tots. One of my favorite things at Oblivion is that they actually cook your burgers how you order them unlike most places - our burgers were perfectly medium and it was fantastic. The pretzel burger was sooo good, but as someone who doesn't even usually like mustard, I think it needed more of the mustard sauce - next time I order it, I'll get more on the side. My raw garlic fries were yummy, but the garlic is not evenly distributed, and while most of the fries were crispy and delicious, a handful of them were a little bit soggy. Not awful, just next time I'll try one of the other options. The jalapeno burger was good - at least the one bite I got of it was. My boyfriend loved it. His Old Bay tots were really yummy - the Old Bay was evenly distributed over all of them, and they were super crispy, but he thought the Old Bay flavor was a little overpowering when competing with the rest of his meal. Again, I think that's a personal preference thing. We also got 5 wings, since it was 75 cent wing night (Wednesdays) and we figured it was a good chance to try them. They were really juicy, with crispy skin, and pretty decently sized. The teriyaki sauce was really good, too. Service was super friendly, if not the fastest. I think that was the only real downside (besides the need for more mustard sauce on my burger and the raw garlic not being evenly distributed), and the fact that it's so far away from my house. Hopefully, by this time next year, we'll be regulars there! We'll definitely be back whenever we're on that side of town.
I never have a bad dish or time here! In this biker bar meets Tim Burton movie (with just a hint of B-rate horror flick), the atmosphere is extremely family friendly. Chef Bruno completely revamped the menu and serves up the best of whatever them he tackles. The beer selection is almost overwhelming and always good. The waitstaff and bartenders are some of the best in the business (so long as you're not a jerk, and even then they will handle you with patience). If you haven't been, give Oblivion a try. If you have and it's been a very long time, you're in for a treat! Make it a night out with the family, or pull up a stool with some friends and sit at the bar, have some brews, and take in the warm and fun atmosphere. Send your mind on a dizzying trip into Oblivion (but please don't drink and drive)!
Didn't really get it.  Sure, here's some food and craft beer, now soak in the obnoxious e-cig smoking d-bags that litter this place.   FOOD (4/5):  Look, I don't have a problem waiting on food, especially because they make it properly.  Heck, it even states on the menu, that the food takes time, so, everyone needs to get off their ass about it. CRAFT BEER (4/5):  Nothing that really separates them from the other Craft Beer places in Orlando.  Prices are within the average.  Guess that's a good thing. AMBIENCE (or, AMBIANCE?  Guess it depends on where you're from.) (1/5):  I don't have a problem with Hipsters and the semi-alternative lifestyle merging.  I do have a problem with D-Bags trying too hard to be a-holes. There's nothing remotely ingenious about double-fisting E-Cig's while complaining about the yeast at the bottom of your glass.  That's the way it's supposed to be a-hole.  And, yes, I can tell that you haven't showered in three days.  And, no, my wife doesn't want your doucheness spilling beer on her because you can't handle the ABV of the craft beer mixed with the cocktail of anti-depressants you're on because your parents wouldn't get you the BMW 750.  Instead they bought you the new 328.  Well, I'll let you in on a secret, Dick.  I hate your parents too!  They should have just wrapped it up the night you were conceived.  As for everyone else around...screw you too.  You're the ones that make this scourge of society think that it's OK to act that way.  I maybe had a little bit of a problem with the staff finding this jerk charming, as well.  Then go spill beer on them and see if they still find you charming. At any rate, if any of the above appeals to you, give this place a shot.  If you're on anti-depressants, double your dosage and monitor the alcohol content of what you consume.  If any of the above describes you, do society a favor and just end it all now.
Beer and burgers go hand in hand.  What I love about Oblivion Taproom is they take it up a notch.  There are plenty of craft beers to choose from and the burger options are not only creative, they're also delicious. I'm one to get excited over good beer. There are forty beers on tap!  With so many choices I appreciate that Oblivion offers a description and the alcohol content for each draft selection.  They even pour their beers into glasses specific to the type of beer. My favorite part is their selection of beer flights.  They pair them quite nicely; such as offering a flight of a Winter Solstice selection.  You'll find most beers are around $5, and if you go during happy hour you'll get another buck off. Oblivion has thrown in some zest when it comes to "regular" bar food.  You've got burgers and wings, but these have unique toppings that just mesh well.  While I'm a meat eater I'm always drawn to veggie burgers when I go out.  Oblivion has a fantastic meatless burger. Paradise is paired with mango, cilantro &amp; avocado; the combined flavors make it one of my favorite veggie burgers.  My husband has tried a couple of burgers and they too have all been very good.  The burgers come with your choice of; Fries, Tots, Wedges, or Chips.  There are a handful of seasonings you can add to your choice of potato.  I am partial to the Parmesan Garlic, yum! While their focus is burgers they have a number of appetizers to choose from as well as daily specials.  You can get a little variety with their daily specials; such as Sloppy Joes, Burritos and Ribs.   Along with the daily specials they do Tator Tuesday and Wing Wednesday where wings are .75 all night. This cool space has some funky skeletons adorning the walls.  You'll find a pool table and a dart board. There are a couple of TVs at the bar playing the games of the day. The staff here is friendly, and the food is fresh and tasty. Love it when I find a neighborhood restaurant where I can get my craft beer fix and enjoy some good eats.
Yummy Food, Great Service, Fun Atmosphere This taproom is a pub environment with craft beers and great food prepared by an excellent chef. Not really what you expect in this environment, but a good thing. Chef Goody comes with alot of experience in high end establishments and focuses on freshness and flavor...interpreted into pub grub that is wonderful. There are also many options for the  veggie/vegan friends in your group. The place has been around less than a year and already won "best burger in town". The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the craft beer market. Talk to them about what you like and they will make a recommend for something new to try. They have a wide assortment of beer and ciders. The offering does rotate so if you really enjoy something, let them know and you may find it next time. Chef Goody has his menu standards but there are rotating menu specials as well. He uses fresh ingredients and creates his own sauces. Some special requests can be accommodated, so just ask. There is also a Yelp check-in offer for 10 percent off your total check, so stop on by and give them a try.
Now that I'm officially a regular at Oblivion, I have to write another review. We've tried almost everything on the menu and have never been disappointed. Chef Goody knows how to make a mean dish! I'm always impressed by Oblivion. The owners are wonderful and always wanting to know how to improve. They're out and about of their day off to see what other places are doing that works or doesn't work.  Although the current menu is excellent, they're apparently in a revision stage and will be rolling out new items soon! As for the beer, you know I'm a beer snob.  Oblivion never lets me down!  Pete knows how to keep their 40 rotating taps interesting, and he brings new interesting ciders and rare bottled beers to the list. Tips to try: ANY of the burgers (go for You're My Boy Bleu or Hog Wild) or Jerkin Yer Chicken if you like Jerk Chicken.  Definitely go for Wednesday Wing Night -- the hot wings and lemon pepper are awesome. Sweet potato fries are killer, especially with the aioli, and the tater tots are awesome (and you can get them with a variety of different seasonings....I love the Cajun and Hawaiian raw garlic).  Just go!!
I moved to the area a couple months ago, and last night I finally got around to stopping in at Oblivion. I think I secretly held out for so long because I knew this place was going to be my new favorite place, and with it being so close to where I live, I can see the calories add up and the money decrease! Stopped in after dinner with my husband. We both told each other we were only going to try one beer/cider and that would be it. Well that ended up being a lie! I was pretty disappointed when the first beer I ordered was out. The bartender however was quick to make an alternate suggestion. His selection was so good, I ended up letting him continue to make them for me each time I wanted to try something new. I also appreciate how they have an actual drink menu. Most places just have a chalk board without really any descriptions of the beer. I mean the selection here of beer can be intimidating to the expert beer drinker and a newbie. They have 40 beers on tap! My husband is a cider drinker, and he loved that he finally had a page of drinks he could pick from. While we were drinking, we were also watching the food coming out of the kitchen. It looked really good! Next time we will be trying the food, and maybe just stick to trying one new drink ;)
Great bar.  Great place.  Good times. A friend and I visited and didn't know what to expect from Oblivion.  Upon entering, you can see there is a large dining area and a bar.  On the other end more tables and a pool table and some dart boards. In my opinion, the second dining area should strictly be entertainment - perhaps more pool tables?  Just one pool table seems lacking and anyone sitting at the tables seems like they're in the way. An awesome large selection of craft beers on tap. There were so many to order it was hard to choose every time.  Our bartender was Dena and she was great.  She knew her beers and had great recommendations. My beers for the night were the Vanilla Dog, Milk Stout, and a few Delirium Tremens.  All great beer. For snacks we had chips, fries, and onion rings.  For the chips and fries, I  really like the idea of changing up the flavor toppings - it adds for variety.  The onion rings were awesome.  Definitely will have to order them again. Oh hey, they leave chalk in the bathrooms so feel free to write all up on those stalls. A great hangout that I hope I can visit again.  Just so many beer to choose from and I gotta try the Chocolate Piggy Beer Float - House-Made Bacon Ice Cream Floated in Southern Tier's Mokah - Topped with Maple Whipped Cream and Sprinkled with Bacon Pixie Dust!
Ok Oblivion was stop #2 on my Culinary Roadtrip roughly a month ago.  Smitten by the menus I had seen and dazzeled by the bevy of malted carbonated liquid goodness I felt like I strolled in to my personal heaven.  Sure it was early maybe 30 min after they opened at 4pm, but by the time i was leaving I was happy to see the spacious  bar was quite full and jamming. Ok so I believe I had Dinah and Shawn (sorry if i slaughtered the spelling of their names) serving me and I man did they know their brews.  I was impressed because not only was every discription spot on it wasn't rehearsed lingo forced fed to them.  You could tell they enjoy what do they do and cater your tastes to thier recommendations.   As for the food I started with the smoked chicken wings.  Juicy, mouthwatering goodness, The flavor of of the wings alone were sensational they are lightly dusted  in a rub smoked and crisped up in the fryer. Soooooo Goood! Next up to bat,  The Scotch Egg!  Now i've been wanting to make these at home for some time now but haven't gotten around to making them yet.  I couldn't resist when I saw it on the menu.  Elated that I got to try one for the first time in my life I have nothing to compare them to other than what my tastebuds said to me.  One Word,  "YES!"  followed by another word, "More!" Now at this point I could feel a few Imperial ales were about to set in and it was time to venture home for a well deserved  nap. Overall, I loved the place, disapointed that I dont live closer, but i'll be back!
Finally checked this place out. Me & the bf have driven by several times and couldn't figure it out- is it a bar? a strip club? restaurant? After checking out the other Yelp reviews, we headed in on a Tuesday night. The parking lot was pretty filled, so we knew this place must be good. After walking in, we said hi to the hostess. She didn't really say anything, so we were kinda like "2 for a table please" She was like "oh, ok, wasn't sure if you guys wanted to eat or go to the bar."  Note to hostess- ask us if we have been here before since we were clearly confused. We were seated in a comfy booth. The decor is heavy on the red and black. Lots of booths and table tops for parties. A nice eclectic mix of people dining with people shooting pool & playing darts. The place is HUGE inside. I can see how this place gets packed on the weekends! The menu was overwhelming, but exciting in terms of drinks. Food was easy to navigate. It was either an appetizer or burger for the most part. I opted for the Pretzel burger and tots (with parmesan and garlic seasoning) and the bf went for the chicken sand.   The beer list was great. However, the first 4 beers we attempted to order happened to not be available. Bummer, since they looked yummy and were on the cheaper end. No biggie- there were tons of others to choose from. Our craft beer was awesome. Could not believe the varying prices! This place could fit everyone's budget if you are looking for unique and different beers. Our food was excellent. Me and the bf split everything. Tots were great and his potato wedges were gigantic!!  We nailed the food and it tasted fresh! We will be back! This is a great place to go late at night since there is not that much available after 9 or 10 at night going down 50.
From the outside, and inside for that matter, Oblivion Taproom would not seem to be a place that you would find me in. But the assortment of craft beers on tap or bottled, ciders, wine, and their excellent food, keep beckoning me to return. In the weeks since I first visited it, I've returned almost every single week. Which made me regret not visiting sooner despite all the positive feedback from fellow Yelpers. Let me start with the atmosphere and service. There is usually a very diverse set of diners at Oblivion. They can range from the older folks, to young geeks, to hipsters. Ok, probably not hipsters. This diversity means that anyone can feel comfortable in this establishment. Service has also been great and above average for most restaurants. For food, so far I've tried their Pretzel Burger, Wings, Fresh Chips, Onion Rings, and Poutine. I will speak to these individually. The pretzel burger is amazing. The bun tastes like fresh pretzels complete with the salt, which adds greatly to the flavor of the entire burger. I also find that it's a nice touch that they provided melted cheese - just like the ones that come with pretzels. Their wings are one of the best I've had. The skin is crispy and the meat cooked perfectly. There was not a single overcooked and dried out bite. The wings are not skinny either. They all had a good chunk of meat on the bones. They have several different flavors, and they put just the right amount so that it's not overpowering or underwhelming. I shall note that the Hot is really not too hot, just deliciously so. I can't wait to try the smoked wings. I am in the process of trying out the different kinds of seasonings they have for their fresh chips. So far, I've had Cajun, Parmesan Garlic, and Chicken Salt. These seasonings can also be applied to their other "tater" dishes. My favorite so far is the cajun. The onion rings are huge and some of the best so if you are a fan of onion rings, definitely give it a try at Oblivion. They no longer serve their Poutine as it was a special around that season, but I'd speak to it anyway in case they decide to serve it again. The first time I had poutine was when I visited Montreal a few years ago. I've been trying to find somewhere I can have it again, but have been unsuccessful. Until now. I can't say that Oblivion's poutine is as amazing, but it was still pretty darn good. I do find that their cheese curds a little too overwhelming, and it made the gravy and fries hard to identify in the flavor profile. But overall, it would make a great substitute or introduction. I am definitely in the process of making myself a regular at Oblivion Taproom, and I don't think anyone will have a problem with that. I am always looking forward to my next visit, and to see what craft beer they have on tap.
It looks like a biker bar...but it serves seriously good food. I have to admit the contradiction is a little confusing for me, but the food was awesome and the service was so friendly that it fully deserves all 4 stars. The most surprising thing on the menu and what might just mean we go back...falafels!! They had this amazing spicy kick and I loved it! David and I also tested out the wings and really liked that they weren't so greasy you felt the need to wash after eating them, instead you could really just enjoy the flavor and your meal. For the beer drinker, their tap is always rotating and the variety is HUGE.
Fabulous and inexpensive selection of craft brews that are constantly rotating, including something like 4 Nitro taps. (go during happy hour, 4-7p!  It's normally like $3 a pint.. crazy!)  If hard ciders are more your deal, they have an impressive selection of bottled ciders. And then there's the food... they've got Chef Goody putting his own twist on classic pub food.  I've been told he has total creative control over the menu, and there are always seasonal or holiday based specials going on.  The pretzel burger is my favorite, hands down.  Burger on a pretzel bun with hand made mustard and cheese to DIP it in?  Yes please! The vibe is distinctly rockabilly-- it's dark but comfortable and inviting.  There are dart boards and a pool table for people who just want to have a pint and hang out.  Don't let the seedy stretch of SR-50 fool you, this place isn't one to be missed.
Fantastic burgers, and food. Huge beer list. I had the Elvis burger which is a peanut butter and banana with bacon burger. Delicious and filling. The fried pickles were also great. The staff Is friendly and one of the waiters looks like Ope from sons of anarchy. All in all a fun and delicious adventure. Pool tables and dartboards for before or after your meal.
Beer selection was great different to choose from but food and service was ok they can definitely improve that
Any place that has this much beer and plays a healthy dose of punk rock music is okay in my book. If you are feeling devilish this place has many greasy delectables and backed by what seems like an endless choice of craft beers and microbrews.   It is a cool place to go with friends or a late night hunger strike.  A winning spot for Orlando!
I'm 7 months pregnant and craving a burger. I ordered it well done and when I received it medium, not only did the waitress come by and apologized 5 times also the manager came over and apologized and they comp some of the bill. It wasn't that much of a big deal to me because things like this do happen but they definitely made my experience extremely pleasant and it's awesome 'cause that's my new favorite burger "wild bill"!
Great beer selection.  The food is creative and awesome.  I like that you have room to move around and aren't bumping into tables or people to walk around.   Location is between my place and downtown, thats a plus for me as well as I can stop in on my way or after. I've only been there a couple times, lights were a little bright but I hear they've turned those down.   Staff was friendly and helpful.  First night is always going to be a little slow, so the reviews commenting on that the first night should know better.   good luck and thanks for another cool place to hang out!
I love how it's not hard to find a place in town anymore with a great beer selection. What I love about this place is that it's straightforward and simple.  Nasty awesome burgers and sandwiches... and fries... and a FARTload of bottles and drafts.  Place looks awesome inside.   ...I'd like to be able to go here when I'm cutting back a little on the calories, tho.. Dear Mr. OBLIVION:  Please add 1 or 2 really lame sides so I can trick myself into thinking I'm eating soundly when dieting.. so I can still visit your awesomeplace for awesometime.  Can I gets some taboule? That said, I need to try one of their crazy Man v. Food type selections.
Been a few times...I absolutely hate the atmosphere, but they have decent burgers and a good beer selection. Pretzel bun was a winner. My vegetarian friends really love their veggie & black bean burgers. Service is okay.
Happened upon this place to attend one of Colleen B.'s hosted and awesome events ... which held true to legend ... awesome indeed. First time here and didn't order any food but had myself a couple of beers and they were very good. And in addition ... a huge selection of choices to choose from! I'm not beer expert but appreciate a good beer, and there is definitely plenty of that around! The staff and bartenders were also very friendly. If it's a place that you're looking to go and hang out, have some good beers and good food (that is what everyone kept saying, so I will have to try it out for myself next time), the Oblivion Tap Room is the place to go. The nice thing is that it's not your typical chain establishment and if you're in the area ... worth a try!
I'm fairly confident I'm still full from my visit to Oblivion - 3 weeks ago! I'm a sucker for any place that feeds me food AND cider so, you know. We decided to get there on the earlier side of Saturday night in hopes we could get a table and enjoy a meal - which we did. I was a little put off by the interior simply because my brain couldn't understand that good food could come out of there. Oh, but it did! Like usual, I caught up on what Yelpers recommended & suggested for food and crossed my fingers and toes. We ordered a round and skipped apps this time (for once) and I'm glad we did. I just wanted to get right to the food, food. For my son, the pulled pork sandwich and chive & onion tots, the BF got the Oblivion wings with cajun tots, and I ended up with the Seaside Tony - recommended by our waiter. I did sub out the wiz for cheddar. I also went with the plain tots. My son said the pulled pork was one of the best he's had, not that he's a BBQ connoisseur but he does enjoy good BBQ. My burger was decedent and I only indulged in half (leftovers..whaaa?) And thanks to Yelp my BF's wings were the hit of the night. He really, really loved them. He even shared with me. Not a WHOLE wing, mind you. Just a portion. Ahhh....love. Had another round of ciders and beer during dinner and afterwards our waiter suggested we try a sour beer. Me + Beer = NO. But I went along with it. He brought 3 and my son wouldn't touch it. Not that I thought he would because we talked about how he could just try mine. No, he'll like it because he likes cider, said the waiter. Wrong. But we got charged for all three so that sucked. All in all, it was a good time. I love an adventurous menu and the Oblivion offers that without being too over the top.
Okay, so I caved and tried something unhealthy on my last visit. It happens! First, we ordered the dirty martini deviled eggs (featured as a special). They were wonderfully spiced and not too overwhelming. Next, I ordered the "You're My Boy Bleu" with a black bean patty and chose the tater tots with onion and chive seasoning (yum!). I was in awe. I am not easily amused with burgers but Oblivion's was really on the spot. I can't wait to make a return trip to actually try their beef. Oh and their homemade ketchup? It's as awesome as everyone says. I am saddened that I didn't partake in the beer concoction of the night but it sounded delicious.  If their specials of the night contain some sort of beer concoction, I implore that you try them!
I love coming here because of the extensive craft beer selection on bottle and draft plus I live five minutes away so it is very convenient for me!  On some nights, especially Friday/Saturday, the parking gets pretty packed but I always manage to find a spot to park.  The interior of this place is a bit cold and is painted in red/black.  During my first couple of visits here I have to admit I was not a big fan of the atmosphere or the food.  However, on my most recent visits I have fallen in love with it.   Like I mentioned, the beer selection is top notch for craft beer lovers.  I prefer to sit at the bar but the one set back is that the row of taps make it difficult to communicate with the bartenders.  The bartenders are happy to help with your selection of beer and are always friendly.  If you are like me and have a hard time choosing just one beer, go for the beer flight where you get to choose four smaller draft beers and have a wonderful selection to try!   The food here takes a while to get after you have placed your order because everything is made to order.  There are always vegetarian options on the menu.  I love the burgers here and even the black bean burger is great.  The burgers come with a side.  I always opt for potato (you can get tots, wedges, fries, or chips).  I like to split the meal with my husband since the portions are large.  On Tuesdays they have a special on tator tot bowls with all kinds of options on toppings.  Wednesdays are wing night.  They offer regular wings and smoked wings.  I have tried the smoked wings and found them to be on the dry side for my taste but overall they were okay.  They also offer a tasty cheesesteak among many other items. They also close late so if you find yourself hungry late night or have a case of the munchies you can get your fix!  Aside from the beer/food, you can play a game of darts or pool.  This place is definitely worth checking out!
How could you not love a restaurant with a giant Ghost Rider mural? This place is focused on two things: burgers and beer - and that's what we were in the mood for last night. Between just winning the poll on Scott Joseph's site and reading the owner's previous negative comments regarding one of my wife's favorite veggie burgers in town, we were hopeful but ready to be critical. I have to say - Oblivion does not disappoint. The menu is awesome and had so many items that sounded good that we had to just order more food than we could eat and hope that it was good enough to take home leftovers. We ordered seitan bites, chiccharrones, the Conley burger, the Paradise burger, sweet potato fries and onion rings. Oh, and of course, a few beers. Speaking of - the beer list is pretty great. Large and varied with a few options for just about any preference. The wait for the food was pretty long. In the end, we spent over an hour at the restaurant - and that was almost all waiting for food. It was definitely worth the wait, but be advised that this is not a place to go if you're on any sort of schedule. My wife loved her seitan bites. LOVED them. My chicharrones were good. Not the best ever, but very enjoyable. The burgers were big hits too. The Conley could use a different sauce than the one that comes with it, but I really liked it. The Paradise was a big hit too, being described as, "the meatiest vegetarian burger" she had ever had. The sweet potato fries were good, but I personally prefer them a bit crispier. Similarly, the onion rings were good, but nothing particularly special. For future visits, we probably won't bother with them and their associated upcharges. Service here was excellent. Amber was our main server and she was very friendly, helpful and patient. She helped make suggestions and was a pleasure to deal with. A few of the other servers checked in occasionally as well. The only real complaint we had was that while the burgers were good, they did feel just a little expensive. Both of our burgers seemed about $1 more expensive than they were worth. Especially worth mentioning is just how vegetarian friendly this place is. Most places - especially burger joints have few items that a non-meat eater can choose from. In addition to the specific Paradise burger, you can optionally swap out a soy veggie patty or black bean patty onto any other burger for no additional charge. Keep it up, Oblivion; we'll be back.
Initial impression...I think I just Pre'd! Every item on the menu sounded amazing.  I mean, come on, bacon wrapped tater tots!!!  Crazy amazing hamburgers!  Wings!  SMOKED wings!  Micro brews on tap!  This might be heaven?!?! On my first visit, I started with wings.  Not too shabby.  Ordered medium flavor, had a little spice, didn't get hot because I was sharing them.  After that I tried a buddy's smoked wings, these were pretty dang good.  ALMOST as good as the smoked wings at the BBQ place down the street (Smokey Bones, sorry, SB glazes the smoked wings with a lil bbq sauce afterwards).  What was unique was the celery ranch slaw sauce.  It was like having both ranch and celery in one unique side.  Was a little difficult to dip the wings but I like the concept. Next I got the Jalapieno burger.  This burger was the shizz.  It featured a teryaki marinated beef patty, grilled pineapple, bacon, and a passion fruit aioli I think.  I will have to say this was the best burger I've had in quite a while.  Burgers come with a side of either fries or chips, etc.  What's cool is that you can flavor them with you choice of Parm Garlic, Cajun, Old Bay, etc.  I tried Old Bay on the homemade chips and they were very good. The beer on tap was quite impressive and I like the fact they rotate the beers for seasonal stuff too.  They weren't badly priced either.  The beer was roughly $4 to $10 per glass. They also have billiards tables and dart boards.  Billiards was like $4 an hour or something and I think the darts were free I think. I will say this isn't a place you would take your kids or a baby too for a family dinner.  It almost has like a biker badass feel to it.  The servers are a lil rough around the edges.  I mean, cute girls but with multiple tats and piercings.  It's kinda dark inside with more of a bar theme I would say although there's definitely lots of tables to sit at.  No TVs though so don't come here expecting to watch the games on Sunday.
Really decent selection of beer, Which is why I was here. Not that easy to get a draft strong belgian ale in orlando, But ive only been here a couple months
The menu looks like some fat kid's with skills creation, with a few compromise choices thrown in there by his mom. Which is why i love this place. You can tell whoever made this menu is creative, was having fun and couldn't wait to eat their own food. The house made ketchup is so good i do something i never do. Eat all the fries! Who knew ketchup could have crack factor? The different flavors of topping's for the fries and tater tots  are also a nice unique touch. Great choice of beers on tap. They also have 4 (i think) 5oz beer samplers which i love. But they should change the samplers more often. The name and the plastic silverware are the only things i don't like about this place. They aren't even good plastic forks they are bendy. They are also silver, the color of metal. As if that makes these soft abortions realistic..
This place just screams bad ass.  I mean, how could you eat here and not wear black leather and chains? Even so, I found the service friendly and the food very creative.  The ramen salad was really incredible. I have never imagined what can be done with ramen noodles, but wish I were more creative in college with it.   I also tried the fried seitan with my chosen  flavoring of lemon pepper which was delightful as well. I must say I was very pleased with the vegetarian fare offered here. I understand that I must try the onion rings, so I suppose once I have some sort of personal justification to eat totally and completely unhealthy, I'll drop by. . . in my black leather and heels!
Love the atmosphere and beer selection. The food is really good and I'll have to try some more. And my vegan girlfriend can eat things there too as they have vegan options, though they are quite greasy. Highly recommend this place though. Oh, and apparently, if you dump an entire chicken sandwich in your lap before taking the first bite, the waitress will bring you a rag to clean yourself up, and they'll make you a new sandwhich without charging you for your stupidity!!! Support these locally owned places. Keep Orlando fun!
Awesome place to chill and have a few beers. Bar staff remembers who you are and are always attentive and very good looking. Oblivion serves a lot of hard to find beers on tap at reasonable prices.
I love, nay LOVE, the idea of chalkboards in the bathroom. This is the second bar I've been to recently that has that. It is such an amazing idea. It completely reduces graffitti and it's fun. This place has a great selection of microbrews and ciders. I went on Wednesday which was wing night. Super fun place. It's in a strange location but it's worth it.
Finally made it here! after all my fellow yelpers praising this place about it's burgers and whatnot i had to check it out. There were hits and miss in this place for me. We order the "crispy" Pork lovers nachos (pulled pork on top on pork rinds) and lets Just say they were everything but crispy! They were saggy and very chewy which really ruined the new experience as it made it unpleasant to eat, so we ended up picking the pull pork off the rinds and eating it like that. Loved the concept but it was a poor execution. Next i had the smoke wings, OMG those were excellent wings!!! so good and i believe they are the best i've had in orlando. I would def come back here based on the wings alone!! So yea i def looking forward to ordering these wings again in the future. next we had burgers and man were they good! i had the "fat ass" burger Which was enormous and delicious. My wife had the "jalapineio" with jalapeño cream cheese. grilled pinnacle and passion fruit aioli, They really hit a hot run with this burger. It was delicious, perfectly balanced. pure excellence! one of my  new top favorites in orlando. all in all, really enjoyed this place and i will be back to try more food!
I first read of Oblivion when they won Best Burger in Orlando 2011 by Scott Joseph. Of course I had to taste this burger and see what the buzz was all about and since then, I've been a fan of Oblivion. My fave burgers are the pretzel burger (their fresh pretzel bread is to die for!) and their jerk chicken (this chicken kiss ass!). Not to mention their parmesan garlic tatter tots or fresh potato chips. Their food will give your taste buds an orgasm! If you love wings, you gotta check out their wing wednesday night. Their smoked wings are amazingly good! I'm always turned off by the wings at other establishments and the first time I had their smoked wings, I was hooked! Oh and their beer! I don't know much about beer but they always have a great selection. If you're a newbie to craft beers, their bartenders are very friendly and offer you samples of their tap beers. They have like 40 taps, so you'll never have the same beer twice. If I'm craving great food and beers, Oblivion is the place I go.
I had never even heard of chicken and waffles before being drug (willingly) to this joint - and make no mistake - it's a joint. The atmosphere is interesting - and I mean that in the truest sense of the word - it holds your interest. The art is almost distracting. LOADS of beer on tap. Put in your food order right away if you are even a little hungry - they have a CHEF working there not just a bunch of line cooks like other bars. The chicken & waffles are a special so if you want them - call ahead. I was told they are messy to make and the chef doesn't like to do them all that often - few times a month maybe. I've had other food that was OK but just writing this I am missing that amazingly ridiculous blend of gastronomic yumminess! It's a drive for us but I imagine for those living closer it's a regular hang out. The location is a bit dodgy (make that a lot dodgy) BE CAREFUL & don't be stupid & you'll be fine.
When Oblivion was being built some time within the past year I was moved to dislike it right away. The name, the logo, the font; yes, I judged the book by it's cover. It looked like it would soon be overflowing with bikers and their elected mates for the evening. But, when a friend suggested it based on it's fantastic burgers (the pretzel burger to be precise), I hesitated yet decided it was time to brave the Oblivion. This place is awesome. Craft beer, burger lover, wing obsesser (is that a word?) paradise. It was dead when I went (around 11:30 p.m.), but I assume it gets packed during the week (I have seen the parking lot overflow). In short there is a menu with beers on tap, wine, and bottled beer. Sounds like the usual craft beer place, sure, but what got me (as a lightweight) was the "create your own tasting of as many beers on tap as you want and they are all half price". So, you can order every beer your eyes desire and walk out paying somewhere between $20-$40 depending on your choices. Badass. The burger I ordered was the "Hog Wild". Burger topped with pulled pork, onion ring, and bacon. Nothing short of awesome way to drown in gluttony and bliss. I've heard you cannot go wrong with this menu, however. Walked out trying four beers, ordering nachos and the hog wild with fries. The total was $30. Not bad at all. So, I'm sorry for judging thee, Oblivion. I'll be back again soon.
We are obviously way late to try this place because, hey, we don't live anywhere near here! Still, we found an excuse to get to Orlando and try Oblivion twice, once on our way in, and once on our way out... We had great food and service both times. The waitress was friendly, attentive, enthusiastic, knowledgeable, and tattooed. My perfectly cooked medium-rare burger with a runny egg was to die for. The fried pickle app was strong and frankly, the only time I've every really thought a fried pickle was worth ordering. The special flight of super strong beers was a great treat! We got our deserts to go, having banana bread with coffee sauce. Inventive, tasty, and microwavable! Clearly, the chef is willing to try something different and fun which is more than fine with me! This is quite creative bar food, in a large, "uniquely decorated" establishment. The music was a highly varied mix that included Led Zeppelin. My wife said she'd excuse the Zeppelin because the food is awesome. That was a first! Highly recommended but, don't bring your grandmother.
This place is now at the top of my list for craft beer in Orlando!  Being an aging rocker myself I loved the music and vibe.  I noticed that they have an area that looked like it could accommodate live music so I assume that they either have that or will have it in the future. Location-wise you have to want to come here.  It is not in one of the faux town centers so popular in Orlando and far from downtown but it is well worth the trip.  While the number of taps here may not exceed (although it may equal) those at World of Beer or other craft brew giants, the quality of the selections are unequaled.  Being an IPA fan I loved that they had more than the standard fare. To soak up the brews I chose the night's special of a pulled pork sandwich with South Carolina style mustard based sauce. It was amazing along with the side of cheese grits. To paraphrase Gen. MacArthur, "I came out of Oblivion and I shall return!"
Oblivion has a nice selection of craft beers. The atmosphere at this place is good.   Overall, this is a great place to hang out.
Despite the lame decor, this place really delivers on good food and good service. When I passed Oblivion on 50 I thought it was a strip club and had no interest in eating at a place that was also serving up pasties. However, a friend told me that it was actually a delicious restaurant and then he had his birthday dinner there, so I gave it a whirl and I'm glad I did! I ordered the burger on a pretzel bun and tater tots with Parmesan and garlic seasoning and everything was majorly delicious. The pretzel bun was soft and perfect, the cheese sauce it came with was delightfully tangy and smooth, and the tots were crispy and hot. A friend got tots with Old Bay seasoning and they were even better than the Parm and garlic, though that was good too. When we first sat down the music was really terrible and I wasn't thrilled with the lack of unsweet tea, but the burger made up for it and by the time we were done eating and started playing darts the music majorly improved--they were playing Tom Waits in there! I was thrilled. They have a really impressive beer and cider list. On the whole, it was a surprisingly great experience. The one major suggestion I have for them is to get an actual dessert menu. The night we went they had some banana bread for dessert. If you ask me, banana bread is a breakfast food, not dessert! Get some chocolate in there, Chef Goody! And keep the Tom Waits, lose the Slipknot. I mean, really.
