nice staff and good food.  would come back!
I'm definitely happier with this location than the smaller one! I went here the other night with two friends and had a delicious dinner. My favorite is the baked chicken (white meat) platter, which comes with a small side salad, rice, black beans, and maduros (aka sweet plantains). The chicken was perfectly cooked and so flavorful. It was marinated in mojo and tasted out of this world! I'm also a big fan of their plantains and yellow rice. The service was great and servers came around periodically to ask if we needed anything and refill water. We received our food super fast and had an awesome meal at a great price. I'll definitely be back!
Not bad. And they did a great job remodeling what was built to be a gas station. I just wish the food were a little more exciting. Maybe it will get there. It's early yet. Not enough parking.
Had a lunch date here with my boyfriend and a friend around noontime, and the line was already out the door when we arrived. We all ordered the daily special (Cuban sandwich with rice and beans) and it was simple and delicious. There was a bit of a wait, but not too long at all. The sandwiches were fresh and hot, and the bread was so good! I'd like to come back to try their coffees, though - there was a couple sitting next to us that had coffee beverages while they waited and it smelled amazing. Anyway, cute clean place - will totally be back.
Had lunch here today- was told it was day one.  The renovation is great!  Bright and clean, welcoming, white everywhere.  Attractive modern decorative finishes. Outside tables under shade were also very comfortable. We were second in line. Started with ham croquette and caramel flan (strange to start off that way-- but that was given to us while the rest of the order was prepared.) Both were excellent and very reasonably priced! Unfortunately- even though we were second in a very busy line- we waited 40 minutes to receive the rest of our order.  I believe this was a fluke because everyone else around us looked to have been served promptly.  We checked in several times and the girls on staff were very friendly-- a smile goes a long way. However, when a food runner finally brought out our order-- his attempt at apologizing came off quite condescendingly... Which we thought was totally bizarre.  We had ordered the pork sandwich #5 with no bread and a dark meat chicken platter. The pork came out just as is- in a paper carton. (It was ridiculously succulent and delicious, by the way.) He told us that while the kitchen apologized for the delay- we should know that the reason is because we asked for a special order. The no bread was a special order. ok. He continued on to explain to us that the sandwiches are pre-prepared and ours had to be specially made. (Maybe not something to share.) awk.. The chicken platter was just ok- one full leg - skin wasn't crisp at all.  It came with a fresh small salad, black beans, rice, and very tasty sweet plantains. Upon paying the bill- we were pleasantly surprised when a chef/manager/owner? came out of the kitchen and apologized for our wait and fully rectified the issue directly.  We were pleased that as busy as they were- he took a moment and acknowledged a mistake and addressed in person.  This is someone who cares about his business. As I stated in the beginning- I think our order was just a fluke on a busy first day.   We were more put off by the awkward interaction with the food runner sort of blaming us for our wait-  than the actual wait itself.  I think a little guidance from a competent manager on guest relations is all that's needed there.  The rest of the staff was bright and pleasant and welcoming. We noticed on the menu that they had pretty late dinner hours, a nice small bar area, and a good little beer selection.  We will definitely return for the pork, croquettes, flan, and macaroons!  (and of course to try a few new things!)
I'm so excited that this place opened. I is a great alternative to Chipotle for an inexpensive weeknight dinner. I love the design with tiles, modern and minimalist. The servings were generous.
This was my first time at the new colonial location and my first time at Black Bean Deli in years. The food was good and fresh when i last at black bean and the memories were refreshed and i felt like this was deja vu. I had the papas rellenas. Mashed potato balls with beef in the center. They were fantastico. This platter also came with fried plantains, side salad with a cilantro type dressing and of course black beans and rice. If your looking for great fresh cuban food not too farm from downtown. Black bean deli is your spot.
I've been eyeing Black Bean Deli for what seems like forever so I thought my visit was long overdue but after my meal I felt like I wish i could have had an undo.  The service was questionable....I felt like the person taking my order was impatient with the fact I didn't know what i wanted (maybe everyone else orders fast and are regulars??) and I had asked a view questions but sort of got a minimal response.  I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and it was just very very dry and salty.  Other than the bread, meat, salt, and the Sriaracha sauce (which i added on my own), there was no flavor and i felt like it was more effort to just chew the dryness of the bread and meat than what it was worth.  One of my coworkers ordered an actual meal with beans, rice, and some other things that looked good so maybe I just picked the wrong thing but ugh I feel like i need to drink water just thinking about how dry the sandwich was.  No thanks..
I had heard great things about the WP location so when BBD opened a location on Colonial I was eager to check it out.  It did not disappoint.  The lunch special of a Cuban sandwich and side of black beans and rice w drink for $5 is an awesome deal.  I've also since tried their mojo pork, tostones, guava pastry and washed it down w a Mexican Coca Cola.  Everything has been great. The decor is sleek and clean w a spacious main interior room, a smaller booth area to the side and numerous picnic tables outside.  Now for a few tips and recommendations to make this place even more enjoyable.  Parking - there isn't much on their lot so you may have to parallel park on a side street or Colonial.  Be aware and arrive early for lunch because the line will be out of the door by 12:30.  I think BBD should add another register to take orders and better manage the lunch rush.  I'd come by more often if the wait wasn't so long.   Also be aware that they close from 3-5pm and then reopen for dinner.  While this may make sense during the week, I really do wish they would stay open all afternoon on Saturday.  They've already lost out on my potential business a few times because they were closed for siesta.   A final tip is that it can get quite windy out on the patio.  Perhaps they could add some taller wooden separations between the picnic tables and the parking lot to the east.  Not to completely enclose the area but to break up the wind.  Overall this is a great authentic Cuban cafe that I would highly recommend! UPDATE 10/21/13 - BBD is now open all day!  Not only did they listen to what their customers want but they were awesome enough to message me personally and let me know their hours have changed.
Ahhh.. I really wanted to like this place more...I really did, but it just didn't work out.  The space is sleek...actually I really like it (it is pretty small though, however, there is a good deal of outside seating) and the staff was all smiles and cheer but the food really didn't deliver at all unfortunately.  Perhaps I made a mistake in not actually trying the Cuban sandwich and going with the pan con lechon instead.  The bread was nice but the meat was fairly bland and very dry...finishing the sandwich was actually a chore.  The other plates tried were the yucca con mojo and picadillo platter.  The Yucca was fine in itself, but the mojo tasted just like it was simply the water the yucca had been boiled in...no good.  The picadillo was tasty if not spectacular, but the accompaniments were pretty good except for...the black beans.  For a place called black bean deli, I expected the beans to be pretty damn good...instead they were dry and bland.  The side salad with the picadillo platter was actually very fresh and tasty though, so there is that.  Overall, I might be back to try the Cuban sandwich...but that's just a maybe.
This is the best Cuban food in Orlando, and maybe Florida. I used to live in Miami and I didn't have any Cuban food that compared to Black Bean Deli. The sandwiches are awesome and I love the ropa vieja. Oh, and the desserts are the shit!
Had lunch here today... YUM.  The new location is great.  It is modern and bright with good seating both indoors and out.  I started with a 50 cent ham croquette (YUMMY). Then I ordered the Cuban Sandwich platter and subbed the Pan con Lechon sandwich.  It comes with beans & rice, a salad and plantains.  I only drank ice water, so in the end my entire meal was $11 and change, but it was SO MUCH FOOD.  I could have easily split it with someone and had plenty for lunch.  They have a few kinks to work out... the service was still a bit slow.  They have one person taking orders and she keeps getting interupted to refill drinks, or grab to go boxes, or whatever.  If she did nothing but take orders the line would move much faster.  Once we did order the food didn't take long... less than 10 minutes... and it was hot and delicious.  The salad was a bit boring, but was very fresh and the avocado dressing was great.  I can highly recommend this joint for a yummy lunch or dinner.
Good as it gets. Friendly staff, fresh food, like my Mom made, clean facilities.  Parking is scarce.
Came here for lunch with some friends on a Saturday, and it was SLAMMED. Line out the door, parking was a mess, and service was a bit slow. But, for $10 I got a huge portion of Cuban sandwich, black beans and yellow rice, plantains, and a salad with a delicious creamy cilantro dressing and cold cup of sweet tea. Definitely good value for the money, I took half of it home it was so much food. The Cuban seemed to be just a TAD bit bland, but everything else was great. The owner stopped by our table to check on us and chat for a minute which was nice and lent a friendly feel to the place. Most of the seating is outside under shade, thankfully it was a nice day because we got one of the only tables in the sun. I don't know if its something I'll make too much of an effort to go back since its not in my area, but if you're around and craving some Cuban, it hits the spot!
Environment: 2 Service: 2 Food Presentation: 2 Taste: 1.5 Price: 2 _________________ Overall:  9.5/10 A great place for quick Cuban food. A very cool and modern atmosphere with great service. The food taste great and is filling. Had the Cuban sandwich with some black beans & rice with a beef potato ball on the side.  Also tried some micro brewed soda and some espresso as well, both excellent. A definite "go to" if you're in the downtown area. 2= Outstanding 1.5= Great 1= Average .5= Needs Improvement 0= Unacceptable
Have to add some love for their Coffees!! I just realized that they do a KILLER iced Cafe con Leche (Coffee with Milk). I asked if they had iced coffee and the woman at the front told me this was her favorite. I ordered it and was so stoked that it was sweetened with condensed milk. It was like a dessert and next time I have a hankering for a slice of cake, I may just go for this! ALSO, I have to mention the Cafecito. It's espresso with condensed milk and for a quick boost- this is the big winner. They make their coffee with care, and even add latte art with certain larger drinks. Yay!
With the opening of the the location at 1835 E. Colonial Drive, Black Bean is able to offer it's Cuban soul food in in a place where you can dine in or sit on the patio and enjoy a cuban beer or espresso. Although parking is very limited, it was a nice little spot to grab lunch. Black Bean keeps things pretty simple with the menu. Guests will find the traditional Cuban sandwiches and other versions of it like the Media Noche Cuban as well as empanadas and baked chicken platters. The food here is always good and the service is always with a smile. As simple as the menu is, it offers something for just about everyone with classic flavors and old traditional recipes from the heart. There's a reason that they have been in business for over 12 years. I ordered the "Small Cuban", and it was as big as any other Cuban I have had. I am really curious to see what a Large Cuban" looks like. My side order of Tostones with Mojo Sauce was also a pretty large side. Both were delicious.
I've got two words for you: vegan empanadas. Trust me, you're going to want to have one...& then immediately feel the urge to buy a thousand because they're crazy good! Growing up in Miami I'm a huge fan of Cuban food & I'm going to be honest, it's been hard to find quality Cuban food in Central Florida. Black Bean Deli is one of the beaming beacons for us Cuban food aficionados though, from the yellow rice to black beans, plantains & of course the vegan empanadas, Black Bean Deli rocks my taste buds every time I visit. If you need a little more convincing, get yourself a guava pastelito, or a flaky pocket of sweet goodness -- it's the ultimate Cuban treat. Seriously, go to Black Bean Deli!
Both locations are stupendous.
The food was good. Not the Cuban food I normally eat. Food was a little bland but still good. My friend had the Cuban sandwich and said it was delicious. This place gets really really busy. We wanted to get some coffee after our lunch but the line was sooo long. I will go back to try the coffee.
Wonderful Cuban foodstuffs, great service, nice beer selection, hard not to love this place. We hit BBD after having a few craft beers. We had never been and I figured I'd get some decent Cuban sammich and settle for a Madala Lite or something. I was wrong on both counts. In our party of three, we each decided to try something a little different. I had the Cuban, my wife had an empanada and a papas rellenas, and our third guest had the pan con lechon sammich. We split a side of black beans and white rice. Everything was awesome. Although I loved my selection, the pan con lechon was unreal. Slow roasted pulled pork with a garlic butter sauce poured over the top. Heaven on Earth, I'll tell ya what. The service was also fantastic. We ordered, went outside to enjoy the uncharacteristically nice Orlando summer weather and our order appeared in just a couple minutes even though the place was packed with other diners. Maybe the best part is that they have some decent beers to go with your delightful Cuban cuisine. I had a Jai Alai from Cigar City brewing, for example. Parking is tough but there are enough spots around the neighborhood, especially later in the evening, that you won't have a far walk.
You get the idea, this place is great! My suggestion is that you get the pumpkin flan.  No, get two!  You're welcome.  :)
Amazing Cuban Cuisine and Amazing Customer Service!! My husband and I finally got around to trying the new BBD location.  I've been a fan of the original location for years.  I have to say I'm loving the new location.  It seems like there isn't enough seating, but you will be surprised...Okay..I'm getting off topic.  This restaurant is awesome!!!  ---- From the location, from the menu, from the quality of the food, from the fresh free "orange" water beautifully displayed on tap, to the hip comfy furnishings.  Everything is 5 stars all the way.  I'm no expert in cuban cuisine however I did live in Miami for a few years and I can tell you, this is the real deal - and its FRESH.  My husband ordered the "havana" special of the day and I ordered the Picadillo platter (beef, carrots, peas)  Both were delicious!  The maduros cooked perfectly and the rice and beans - also perfection!   Loved the side salad too.   Now that I've told you how incredible the food is, I really am impressed at how happy the staff seems to be.  From the gal who took our order to the folks that came outside 3 times, count it 3, while we were there making sure we had enough water, tea, or whatever.  They were VERY customer oriented.  Truly made me feel so glad I chose to eat here today. My only suggestion, and I'm not going to remove a star for it... has to do with the way they serve the food.  Even if you eat in, you are served the food on a plastic plate.  You also have to pick up your plastic cutlery after you order...and they use the napkins that many other places in town use that in my opion are worthless..the little brown aquares (If you know what I mean) that you need at least 3 napkins to make it work for a meal.   I would suggest for a "greener" experience to offer real plates and cutlery for those guests that dine in....that is my only constructive feedback, again, the food and service and ambiance was so good, I'm still keeping my rare 5 star review. Please go check this restaurant out!!
I've been trying to figure out a way to write this review without coming off sounding like a jerk, especially since for some reason everyone seems to be in love with this place... I will shield myself from the onset of rotten tomatoes that will begin to shower upon me in 3...2....1 I just didn't like the food, honestly.  Maybe I'm spoiled because of having grown up in Miami but It's not authentic Cuban, that much is certain. Jose B. stated in a previous review that it was like hipster- cuban gone wrong and I have to agree. Mom and I ordered the lunch special which was a half cuban sandwich and a side of white rice with black beans. We ordered some jamon croquetas and they're definitely the frozen Goya kind you can find at your local latin market. No big deal, they're still tasty right? 2x $1 not bad in price.   The "Cuban" sandwich was really just a ham sandwich. Meaty with ham yes, but that's about it. A slim slice of cheese, barely noticeable sliced pork (not pernil like it's traditionally done) Since they were busy I'm guessing that's why it was barely toasted; it just wasn't what we were expecting. The rice and beans were ok but again, not the Authentic Cuban flavor we're use to, and I personally didn't really care for the fact that the rice and beans arrived already mixed together, in my mind that's called Congris, which is a different dish. I have to say however that their prices are reasonable considering the portions. The service was good and they're attentive it's just that with all the good Cuban places around town who are also reasonably priced and have real-deal Cuban food, I honestly doubt that I'll specifically make a trip out here when I'm craving Cuban.
I love this place.  I saw some reviews saying that it is hipster food gone wrong, and I could not disagree more!  I am Cuban and have spent much time searching for the best Cuban food in Orlando, and not found very many lasting options.  With that said, Black Bean Deli has come to the rescue.  I am not a big sandwich person, so I can't judge that like one of the previous reviews.  What I usually order is the Chicken and maduros, and I have had all of the soups.  The food I have is always excellent.  The chicken is delicious, and I am allergic to flavor powders/msg additives, and I have never had a bad reaction from the food here.   I love cuban sweets, and the quesitos and guava pastries are delicious.  I love the atmosphere and prices, and it is a perfect lunch or casual dinner place!
DELICIOUS. DELICIOUS. DELICIOUS. Their black beans are delicious, save well & reheat like a dream. Get a cup with tostones and a side of avocado dressing for $5.50 and you're full for the rest of the day. Their Cubans are delicious & croquettes are pretty darn good as well. Orange Ave location is busy during lunch, call ahead. They're pretty fast though!
I hate to do this but here is my review.  For months, I've been wanting to try this place out since it has won awards for best Cuban place in Orlando. First of all, the people who voted apparently do NOT know anything about Cuban food. Second of all, how can you call yourself a Cuban restaurant if you don't have a ropa vieja dish?! They only had it as an empanada! I do give credit of how beautiful and hip the place is especially the new colonial location but when it comes to the food I have to admit that I was extremely disappointed. The rice and beans flavors were very basic. The chicken was good though. Overall my advice is if you want to go to a hip cool place to chill go there. If you want to eat authentic Cuban food, go to ZaZa's Cuban Dinner.
Crazy good. Cuban sandwich, crispy and rich. Black beans and rice, velvety smooth and authentic as can be. Top it off with a cerveza, fried plantains and papas rellenos (crispy mashed potato balls with season ground beef)--perfection! Friendly staff and super fast service make BBD a must-eat when in the O-do.
This new location is awesome! Finally some room to eat!!!! We love going here to satisfy our Cuban food craving. I live two blocks away and have successfully been able to control myself from going here too much. I love the vegetarian plate (that salad dressing is so freaking good). The white meat chicken platter is also a favorite. The BF gets pork and we usually get a side of tostones. Beware of garlic!! Finish the meal with a quesito and you're good to go. Service has always been fast and the staff are cordial. It's a great location, great food, and great service!
Black Bean Deli is THE place to go if you're craving some Cuban. If you are unsure of what to eat you can never go wrong with the special of the day. My absolute favorite is their dark chicken with rice / beans and iced cafe con leche for dessert ;)
Not Quite Cuban. The food is lacking that Cuban flavor, It's OK, I mean it taste good, but that Cuban sandwich I had was missing the main ingredient, Pernil. What this place is is a hipster kinda Cuban place. I will eat there again, but this is not Cuban.
The food here is consistently great,  the restaurant is not only pretty hip but it is super clean as well. Great Cuban food at a great price, Can't go wrong
Love, love, love this place! The "new" building was styled so well and the food is delicious! We live out on the other side of Disney and we've been known to drive across town for lunch or dinner at Black Bean. The food always looks and tastes fresh and the staff is always really great as well! I love getting the papa rellenas meal (2 papa rellenas, salad, black beans and rice, and plantains) You could definitely make this a dinner AND a lunch for the next day, but sometime I just get over zealous and want it all then :) I would and have (many times) recommend this place to anyone. You'll find something there you like for sure! Oh and make sure to check out the soda selection and local drinks in the cooler where you order!
Great food, great service, and a cool atmosphere.  Vegetarian and meat lovers options. Love the outdoor seating!  Glad they opened a second location in Colonialtown!  Cuban coffee is delicious too!
Located in the old historic Vega's location ( former amazing Cuban sandwich shop) this newer location is great. They remodeled this building beautifully. Seating at pic nic tables outside and small cafe tables inside. The food? Amazing- black bean is a great value. My order doesn't change much because I just love it- the platters give you a small sandwich (that's really quite big!) small salad, sweet plantains and black beans w/ yellow rice- I do the Media noche which is a Cuban on sweet bread- Heavenly. For around 8 bucks the platter is a ton of food. Other yummies? Try the quesitos, their coffee and Hatuey beer! Been a customer here for a long time and stoked their even closer to where I live! A must try if you haven't!
Three words. GLUTEN FREE HAPPINESS. Food party in your mouth. If you are looking for a fun adventurous place to eat, try this out. The servings are generous, and the flavors are spot on.
Delicious! I'm not Cuban so I can't say if it's authentic or not (I'm pretty sure it is though), but this is pretty darn tasty! Great Cuban sandwich, great coffee... I love the espresso flan! Friendly service and very attentive! Swank location as well off of Colonial.  Prices are great.  If the weather is fine, enjoy our meal outside on their patio.  Definitely worth the visit back!  Great cheap foodie lunch spot!
Pretty hip place and the prices aren't too bad. I do like that you can get a glass bottle Mexican coca cola here. I only give it 3 stars because I've had a lot of Cuban food over the years and unfortunately the good here is okay. Not bad but far from great. I've ordered multiple items from here as my co workers enjoy coming here for lunch  and everytime I'm a little disappointed. The bread for media noche is my very sweet. The Cuban sandwich lacks real flavor and the chicken quarters are a bit flat on flavor. What is great about this place is the atmosphere and the staff here are top notch. Honestly the reason I keep agreeing to come back is I like the vibe and the staff are super friendly. I also like that it's a local joint and I'd rather send my dollars here than to the local mediocre big chain sandwich or burger franchise.
One of my favorite places to grab a quick bite! Their Cuban (with some sriracha), tostones, and iced cafe con leche are my all time favorites! I've had their chicken platter a few times and I must say their chicken seasoning is a tad too salty for my taste, the chicken though is always cooked perfectly. Thus this is something I wouldn't recommend. Of course before you go, grab a flan! They are inexpensive and delicious!
Been here twice now and we haven't had the inclination to order anything but pastelitos, empanadas, croquetas, y café. Coming from south Florida and Miami, one look at the photos and menu and we knew this wasn't authentic, but we've tried what I've listed and everything has fallen very short. The second time we came here we didn't order pastelitos because we remembered how bad they were the first time. Both times the café has been sub-par, the croquetas tasted like bad sea food, and the empanadas were very underwhelming. All in all the place feels like pretentious, overpriced butchery of a culture near and dear to us. It is what Moe's is to tex-mex. Our final visit also included a try of their flan, and I have to preface this by saying I'll eat flan from the pudding section to scratch-made and be happy, but here the custard wasn't even set, as soon as I broke the top quarter inch the entire thing showed to be goop, never fully cooked or set. I made some at home for the first time two days later and it was way better. From what I've had it's best described as bland, off, and poorly made. Zaza's is closer to authentic from what I've had in Orlando so far.
AWESOME Cuban sandwiches!!! good relaxed atmosphere. staff very friendly! going to cut this review short because I've gotta dive into my small Cuban with black beans and a yummy cafe con leche now. Second time here, most definitely will return again & again!
Always amazing, always delicious, always fast. That basically sums it up, Andy knows what he's doing and his staff at the colonial bbd are always on point.
So much great food at this place! I insist that you try the medianoche sandwich- you won't be disappointed. The half chicken meal (dark meat) is my go to when I want some delicious Cuban food. The rice is super flavorful and moist, and the chicken... Oh the chicken... So. Damn. Good! For dessert, definitely try a quesito, or, if you're still pretty hungry, go for the amazing rum cake. I like it so much that I ordered 5 for my wedding in place of a traditional cake. Seriously, it's that good! Quick note: I got a stale quesito last time I visited, and they were happy to replace it with a newly made one. Don't be afraid to ask if this happens, because they were totally great about it.
Finally made it to Black Bean Deli and my expectations were met and exceeded. I arrived at around noon and there was a line out the door. I decided to go with the Cuban Sandwich and it was delicious. The melted cheese really caught my taste buds attention along with the pork and ham. I have to admit that this sandwich rises to the top along with the Cubans I get in Miami. For dessert, I went with the Guava Flan and all I can say is WOW! I ended up going back after work to pick up a few more flans to take home. The prices are reasonable and service seemed to flow well despite it being packed. The only negative with BBD is the parking or lack there of. Their lot is very small and parking on Colonial can be problematic due to the constant gridlock traffic. Aside from that, I will be coming back for sure.
Stoked! This spot just landed in my neighborhood and I'm oh so happy. I can't tell you how often I crave some saucy, salty Cuban meats and sweet, fried up plantains. Black Bean Deli satisfies this craving with a trendy, cool atmosphere to boot. I usually always go pork at Cuban places (and lets be honest, most other places) but I really enjoy the dark meat chicken plate at Black Bean. The chicken is cooked to perfection and just falls off the bone. All their platters are served with yellow rice that is very well cooked, a fresh little salad with avocado style dressing, and sweet plantains. I usually love a Ropa Vieja sandwich and, while their satisfies, it's a little dry overall for my taste. I did, however, take home half of my sandwich and use the meat in a saucy skillet breakfast creation that was pretty amazing the next day. :) Overall big fan.
OK, besides that this place is a total hipster haven, I love it! the food is straight up GOOD Cuban food. Everything from the croquettes to the Cuban sandwiches are just perfect! I almost always get the Spanish dark meat chicken platter. It's so good. Whatever they use to season the chicken is money. The salad is simple, but the dressing (which I'm pretty sure is avocado blended with italian dressing) is so good! The maduros are also spot on every time I get them. you also get great portions in my opinion. I'm always stuffed after eating here. We normally get take-out, but I've always loved eating in when we have the time. I really recommend this place. The decor is simple yet stylish. I think this is a bright-spot for Orlando's local  food scene. We go here ALL THE TIME!
Great spot, wonderful Cuban food, great value, good atmosphere, friendly staff - couldn't ask for more. Try the empanadas for a little snack, but do the roasted chicken with mojo or the pork sandwich for the meal.  Portions are large and value is great!
I remember when my dad brought me to the BBD when they first opened. It was their winter park location and it was so busy we ended up eating outside sitting in the back of the truck. It's always busy because their food is so, so good. I always get a sandwich and a side of something (black beans and rice, empanada.... Something delicious). And I always get some cafe con leche. This place is yummy, the digs are great and the service is always friendly!!
This is a staple in the Bardsley diet which also includes gems like Mediterranean Blue, Tijuana Flats, Hawkers and Pom Poms. When people ask for a recommendation, I burst at the seams to keep in my affinity for BBD. The food is excellent (all of it), the atmosphere is hip and inviting and the staff is always insanely friendly. Everything is simple but just really well done. I usually alternate between the Pan de Lechon with pickles and swiss chesse added and the Media Noche. The cuban is good and the Papa Rellenos are delicious.
The food is just as good as the original location on Mills and the staff is just as friendly as well!  This location has far more seating than the original, but the parking lot is just as small, which is the only real downer to both locations. We made it a point to eat here while back in the area visiting family and friends.  I had the half cuban platter and one of the picadillo empanadas and two ham croquettes.  All of it was amazing as per usual! The platter is so much food it's kind of crazy and more than worth the money.   This location has a fun and quirky feel since it has obviously been around for awhile and has a very vintage 1950s feel.   Overall: A+ Will definitely be making a trip again when back in the area!
Yum! I love the food even though it's very hipster and not authentic Cuban food. Don't care sill good!
YUMMM!!! Black Bean Deli is an awesome place to get lunch or dinner and the food is always great! For starters, the decor at Black Bean Deli is very minimalistic, but tastefully done. I really like the interior of the place. Second, the food is great!... and the service is great as well. My bf and I came by to pick up dinner and it was ready in no time. We both had the spanish baked chicken and it was delicious. We also had a chicken empanada and a chicken croquetta. The chicken was really good! Super flavorful, moist, and tender. It paired well with the rice and the beans. The salad dressing was also very good, which I'm told, is an avocado-based dressing. Yum! The chicken empanada was so good! There was some potatoes in there which was an added bonus and the croquetta was great as well. Let's face it- anything deep fried with meat in the middle is good. For all of that food, we paid less than $25 and it was ready for us to pick up in less than 10 minutes! Given the great service and even better food, I will definitely be back.
Longggggg line at lunch. You wait a little but but the food is worth it. The lunch special: half Cuban and side of black bran and rice is awesome $5.50
Yup - it's good grub here. I only ate at the Winter Park location once because parking was such a challenge and there was hardly any place to sit. So it is nice to have a location where you can actually sit down and enjoy your lunch. Parking is still a little challenging given how popular they are. But the food is totally worth it. The menu is pretty small and has been pretty much covered by the other reviewers so I won't pile on. Just know that the food is reasonably priced, really yummy and that it may be a tad bit difficult to find a place to park if you hit it right at lunch or dinner time. But be brave and give it a try. You'll be glad you did.
You can't beat Black Bean!  If the line out the door, and the phone ringing off the hook isn't enough of a clue that a place is good - I don't know what is.  The regular Cuban sandwich is my staple and you can't go wrong with it.  The maduros (sp?) are also delish.  The people are always nice.  During my last visit, the check out girl offered me a glass of water while I waited - nice touch.
No kidding, this is a tough review to write...why? Because I am torn about promoting how amazing this place is, especially given the prices!  Flat out the is the best food I have ever had at these prices. I took pictures of the menu and will post it.  I first went there Wednesday night and had a Cuban sandwich, a side salad and a bottle or Eli's orange pop. Was it good? Hmmmm, I just went back last night again because I "had" to try the chicken with garlic mojo combo plate! I had the dark meat chicken and I dare any food critic to give it Less than a solid 4 stars. The dark meat was the quarter hind- leg and thigh. Chicken size was NOT puny, think a very large Cornish hen size. The combo plate came with black beans -OMG- awesome flavor and the proper texture... Not "cooked to death" like so many places do with something as simple as beans! The rice was OK and it was a nice flavor contribution to the meal, but not really spectacular in its own right. It was however cooked perfectly and separated nicely. Not that i was expecting a congealed lump of crap for an $8 combo plate lol, but I was. Even the side salad was suprising... Reasonable size, two nice juicy cucumbers and a 1/4 of a small tomato...but the "bomb" was the house avocado based dressing! Wow. I personally loved the atmosphere, it's an old converted gas station! And I do mean old... As it a circa 1960's triangle canopy over where the pumps used to be, which are nice outdoor picnic tables now. CLEAN, first time in memory I  was certain my skirt wasn't going to accomplish cleaning the table bench! Ha! Plenty of seating inside, well separated "bistro" like tables and chairs. Soooo.... This is now my "go to" place until I work thru the entire menu. Unbelievable value!!!
I found myself downtown and realized it had been a while since I had a good cuban and plantains.  Stopped by here with the wife, dodged the insane homeless man talking to himself in the parking lot, and went in when it opened at 11. Of course I ordered the cuban and fries with sweet plantains.  The wife got rice and beans and plantains.  The entrees were great- the bread on the cuban was really good and they had a perfect amount of meat and condiments on the sandwich.  Rice and beans were both good as well.  Where we were both very disappointed was the plantains.  They were overcooked, on the border of being burnt.  The problem with burnt plantains is that you can normally eat the centers, as the edges burn bad, but once you get the burnt bits in your mouth they stick to your teeth really bad.  Neither of us finished our batch of plantains, but other than that it was a great meal.  I'd consider going back!
WHATS NOT TO LOVE? Black Bean Deli is an Orlando Staple and for good reason the food is beyond delish! LOCATION:The new location is hip and trendy very urban... great for a first date or a night out with the family. Customers now have the option of sitting in side or out (yay! esp if you have a pup or loud children) COST: Black bean Deli will not break the bank but it will make your tummy wanting more. THE GOOD STUFF: I have had almost everything on the menu and  STILL I can not pick an all time fav.... They have appetizers, main dishes as well as dessert. lets not for get about the endless supply of beverages like mexican coca cola!
On the way home we stopped here for a quick bite to eat.  This place is amazing.  You know a place is good when there's a line of people waiting.  I'm so glad I waited.  The food was super tasty and affordable.  Service was super friendly and quick. I liked that they had "frituras" you can order as an appetizer.  My favorite part was the outside seating.  I wish I had tried their coffee.
Andy is a class act that is running shit in Orlando when it comes to authentic Cuban food.  Living in Miami, it's sad that there is nothing that even comes close to how good BBD is.  The new location is really nice with enough seats and parking for a busy day.   The line will get long during lunch/dinner but waiting for awesome food is worth it.  Keep up the good work!
This place is literally my grandmas home cooking in my backyard. I just finished picking up some beef and potatoes in a stew sauce (carne guisada) with white rice and a lil salad on the side its too die for. I have been to this place before they have a location on orlando ave as well and just check out the new place on e colonial its beautiful. The staff is excellent and not to mention good looking as well. I love it!
Pretty popular spot in Orlando... Stranded for a few more days due to snowstorm Hercules. Ok, foodie vacation! I ordered the dark chicken platter. At $8.25 I was like whoa... The chicken fell off the bone. You guys don't even know! Amazing, seasoned good enough to not be too bland but not too much for those who can't do a lot of seasoning. Rice, beans, & salad all good. The plantain? Horrible. Crispified with no flavor. They burnt it the hell up. No excuse for this. You have Cuban exports that should be helping you to make them the bomb, not like they were bombed -_- Guava pastelito amazing and big. Only $1! I liked. It was sufficient.
As a referral from one of the downtown galleries. We came for lunch before heading over to UCF. In the center of a a bunch of Vietnamese eateries  this cute lite spot is on colonial drive. The food is good & they are very busy.  Staff is very nice . Cool little spot
The brand new BBD spot is bumpin' on Colonial! I always loved stopping in the original BBD in Winter Park but this one is so relaxing and really a sit back, soak in your surroundings and enjoy the food at leisure type of spot. Walk in, order and they deliver to your table. The outdoor seating was perfect for the breezy, sunny filled day we had and they are long, community tables which is awesome. The inside is very nice too, there is seating at the bar, a larger room to the right and a smaller room to the left. Andres really puts his heart and soul into everything they have to offer from the food all the way through to the service! A little gem I learned on this trip is that Andres' mom makes all the desserts. How awesome? That's love right there! Did I mention they have wine, beer and champagne at this location? Yep! I went with a mango mimosa for lunch, don't hate! It was absolutely delicious and went perfectly with my meal. I went with the special and it was Wednesday so it was masa de puerco frita-- fried pork loin marinated in garlic mojo - YES PLEASE! I learned that they marinate it for 12 hours and can I tell you how much flavor was in these crispy little medallions of meat... wow! This is my new favorite dish here! The meal also came with a side salad, plantains, beans and rice. The Avocado vinaigrette is delightful and I got some extra to top off the rice with, perfect! Things to note: Closed Sunday Not much parking in the lot Available for catering, YUM! Daily Specials: Monday: Fricase de Pollo Tuesday:  Ropa Vieja Wednesday: Masa de Puerco Frita Thursday: Carne Con Papa Friday:  Havana Pork
I'm so happy they're here.  I like to get them a few times a week for lunch and have also been a few times for meetings over coffee and desserts.  The cafe con leche out prices and beats neighboring funky twilight coffee spots.   I hear they're getting draft in the future and that ain't bad.   Great prices and value.  I'll split a sandwich and side salad with a friend and there's plenty for two so I don't agree with other reviewers on portions.  Where can you get a salad you can share for $3 that's not lettuce in a bowl?   In fact, after writing this review, I think I'm going to walk on over there for some lunch.
I stopped by for lunch today.  The restaurant is really cute and larger than I expected it would be.  Service was great!  Everyone seemed genuinely nice and attentive.  I looked over the menu at the front counter and placed my order.  I got a large cuban sandwich to split with my husband along with a colada coffee. The food did not take very long at all and the place was fairly busy when I was there.   The coffee was great!  Strong and sweet.  The Cuban sandwich was indeed large.  Unfortunately,  I can't say I'm a fan of their Cuban sandwich.  I found it a bit on the bland side and used a couple packets of mustard to add a kick to it.  I'm not sure if it's the bread or the filling, but something is lacking in the flavor department.  There was lots of ham but not much roasted pork and the flavors were muted. I do plan on going back to try out the other items though and I was really happy with the great service and atmosphere.
What can I say about Black Bean Deli? It's impressive. My husband and I have been going to BBD in Winter Park for years now. We live off of Bumby and Colonial and when we heard BBD2 was opening RIGHT by our house...we were so excited! The thing about BBD is that even though the Winter Park location wasn't able to accommodate that many people, they knew how to make sure to keep their customers satisfied time and time again. The Colonial location is no different.... the food is ALWAYS on point and the customer service is fantastic. Here's a tip for those of you who don't want to wait in line. Order ahead! You can call in the order and pick up at the register where the wine glasses are located. Vegetarian options are fantastic and the Vegan Empanadas are my favorite item on the entire menu. From 6-7:30 they are pretty busy so make sure to plan out when you are going to go grab food. Otherwise... enjoy!
Nothing but great things to say about this place! Since times are tough for a lot of people right now, finding good food for a reasonable price is super important. With that said, BBD does not disappoint. For the value of what you get and how absolutely delicious it is, BBD is a consumer's paradise! I ordered the papas rellenas and it was deeelicious! My friend got the picadillo and loved her meal, as well. As if that weren't enough, one of the cooks came out to ask how our meal was and encouraged us to return for some tasty specials that they have been cooking up. No need to try and convince me, Mr. BBD man. I'll be back!
Loved visiting BBD. Definitely a hipster vibe inside this location. The food was pretty good! I gave it 3 stars because I found the food not as flavorful as other Cuban restaurants I've been to. For me, it was just a little bland. I ordered the chicken empanadas. The filling could have used a little more seasoning and the actual empanada itself seemed more drowned in oil as opposed to having a crisp exterior. The ham croquettes were very yummy! The beef papa rellenas was a bit bland to me. Lastly I ordered a side of sweet plantains. They definitely give you a hearty portion. This was definitely my favorite item of the meal. It was cooked perfectly. I would come back, especially to try some of the other things on their menu. But if you are looking for authentic Cuban food, like from mom and pop, this isn't quite that.
Okay, so this place is a cuban sandwich deli, which gives the illusion that it's authentic, but for some reason i didn't get that feeling. The ambiance of the "hip and classy" look masks the originality of a cuban deli. I've had a few cuban deli's already and as far as originality, this one can take a back seat. I recommend ZaZas and Havana bistro for Cuban Deli sandwiches. However, the place is well presented, with tables inside and outside. The menu definitely needs work. Sodas were good. I actually got the ground beef plate, which was very filling. I also enjoyed the shredded pork. I do like the sauce they give you with your salad. The price wasn't bad at all considering they fill your plate up real well and the service was decent. They played latin music, but just didn't match the ambiance like i said before.
I have to agree with another reviewer that this is the perfect restaurant for this location. Plus what they did to the place makes it open and airy inside, with casual attractive bench seating outside. Even though you are right next to 50, it doesn't seem to matter seeing all the traffic go by. We sat inside at a front window, and I noticed the building is at an angle to 50, which gives you an interesting perspective of traffic (and maybe even the world!). The staff was very friendly. I arrived for an early lunch at 11 AM with a group, and heard that around noon, the line becomes longer. My meal consisted of the sandwich platter, in which you get 1/2 a sandwich, with about 3 or 4 to choose from, including the Cuban and Media Noche. If you haven't had a Media Noche before, it's similar to a Cuban, but with sweet bread and no pickles. The platter itself contained the usual Cuban sides of rice, beans, plantains, and a lettuce, tomato and cucumber salad, with dressing. Something they forgot to ask is if I wanted white or yellow rice, and black or red beans. I also heard from a friend, that there yellow rice is not cooked in chicken stock, in case you are a strict vegetarian. I think they made a mistake with my order though, and gave me the full Media Noche. I could only eat half the sandwich and platter, and took the rest home for my wife. They have a full line of the usual Cuban soft drinks, like Materva, Iron beer, Coco Rico (I'm part Cuban BTW and grew up drinking these). And I remember at least one Cuban beer Hatuey (Gesundheit!). I ended up getting the unsweetened iced tea cause I was sleepy and didn't want the sugar, and although I found the cup kind of small, I was able to get a free refill on the way out. Their parking might seems limited along the back and left side, but there is plenty of street parking along 50. I'm looking forward to visiting Black Bean Deli often, especially since it's so close to my job!
Great sandwiches! Very cool restaurant design - looks like it used to be an old gas station.
I love that this location has additional seatings indoor and outdoor!  Parking might be a bit troublesome if it was during a busy time. We ordered the Mojo Pork Special platter, Ropa Veija Empanada and of course the Cuban. You can never go wrong getting their Cuban. The platter is definitely more than what I can handle but it was absolute dee-lish. Usually platters comes with rice and beans, a salad and sweet plantains. My empanada had a huge piece of beef that wasn't shredded enough, so I practically had to eat it at one go... even though it was good, it was a bit difficult chomping it down. The only other issue I had when I was there that all the Texa's Pete hot sauce was completely out! Even grabbing it from other tables and at the front. No bueno! Hopefully next time it will be fully restocked!
Was visiting Orlando this past week and my family really wanted some Cuban food.  At the recommendation of my good friend who is from Orlando, we checked out Black Bean Deli and we were not disappointed.  My brother, who is very picky about his food loved it.  We all did. The space is a bit small, but we were able to snag an outdoor picnic table which was really pleasant.  My Dad and I both ordered the Special of the Day which was a Ropa Vieja platter.  It came with yellow rice, a nice salad (the veggies were very fresh which was a nice relief since I've had a lot of janky salads that come as a side) with great guacamole dressing (wish I could have taken a bottle home) and maduros, my absolute favorite.  I was super happy with my food.  There was more than enough to share.   My mom got the veggie platter which she enjoyed and my brother and friend both got the chicken platter with dark meat.  My bro would not stop talking about how good it was -that is after he was silent while stuffing his face.  My sister got the pan con lechon and this is one of the reasons I gave 4 stars instead of 5.  She found it a bit dry and was looking for some type of sauce or veggie to add to the sandwich.  I'm sure the folks there would have given us something to help if we had asked but we were so hungry we just went in!  She has the most sensitive palette out of all of us, so I trust her critiques of food, and I tried it too.   My friend's coco rico was flat and she asked for another one -they kindly gave her another one but it seemed the whole batch was flat.  They were great, checked in with her after giving her another choice of soda.  Service there was awesome -really friendly folks and very attentive, though the spot is  bustling, especially during the lunchtime hours.   I forgot to mention that we also got ropa vieja empanadas and quesitos to start off with since we were really hungry while waiting for our food.  Both were really tasty, though the quesitos were sweeter and would have been good as like, dessert or something.  They were nice with my cafecito which was soooo good.  I swear, my eye twitched with my first sip -and you know that's a sign of good coffee (or a mild caffeine addiction, NBD).     Probably won't be back to Orlando in the near future, but will definitely come again the next time we are there!!  YUM!!
Sorry guys but a Starbucks Latte is not a Café con leche. Love your food, especially your mojo but you need to learn how to make a proper Café con leche. Especially to charge almost $4 for it. Yikes! My other review was 5 stars because of the great food but you've lost a star due to the poor imitation of a Café con leche. Que pena.
This is the only business I could imagine opening up and breathing new life into this building. The aesthetic quality to the space is genius, simple and functional. For a building that already had so much character they elevated it to such a higher level. Just as with the flagship BBD, the food hit the stop. Perfect rice and beans which in reality is hard to do. My baked chicken had the perfect amount of acidity and garlic, and a well done skin. The famous salad dressing is alive and well in the new location as well as the plantains. It's the kind of place that makes you think, "What did I do to deserve something so good?"
After living in South Florida and bring surrounded by amazing Cuban food, I was weary of this trendy little eatery. I only stopped here briefly for an empenada and cafe con leche, but it definitely made an impact. First off, the service in here is legit. The line was long for lunch but they took their care of their customers quick. The servers' attitudes were genuinely nice and the chef and line cooks actually look like they're excited to cook. For my snack, I had an empenada with ropa vieja, which is shredded beef that was marinated in house spices and red wine. The beef was flavorful and soft while the crust was crispy instead of being too doughy or too crunchy (signs of a bad empenada). For my coffee, I got the cafe con leche (coffee with milk) with some sugar added. Delicious. Full bodied and strong, everything a cuban coffee should be. I can't wait to come back and try the rest of their food.
I like this place. I always go to the Colonial location because it's near my place. It is the second and newest Black Bean Deli Cafe. I think the location is great, the restaurant is cozy, clean and inviting. The staff is always friendly. I order the half chicken platter with white meat. It comes with black beans, salad (love the dressing) yellow rice and sweet plantains. The chicken is always moist and juicy and they are consistent. The portion size is enough for me. They accept cash or credit. Take out, order in, outdoor dining and happy hour specials (friendly staff informed us) I will be dining here often!
There are two locations: colonial drive and winter park This place was packed and a line to order. Cafe con leche was strong,smooth and not overly sweet. Large Cuban is big enough to share. Very good! Generous with their sides on their platters. The tres Leches could have been bigger but it was delicious blend of moist and sweet.
LOVE this place the food is always amazing. They have the best everything! This is a must try when you are in Orlando!
I am so happy they have a new location! I have been eating Black Bean Deli since I was a high school-er but always hated how small the Winter Park location was. Sometime I don't want to take it to-go! Voila! The Colonial location opens and all my Black Bean dreams have come true. Not only can I order and eat there, but they bring my food to me, refill up my drink AND I can bring my dog. They food is still the same...amazing. Parking is still a little tricky (as with the older location too) but it's worth it to park on a side street and walk. The Cuban sandwich will always be a staple but now that I don't have to get it to-go I've been ordering the platters more and more. The picadillo (ground beef, peas and carrots) and the dark meat chicken platters are my favorites. They've had a mojo pork platter special and that was delicious but the ground beef is so flavorful! The platters are very filling. They come with beans and rice, plaintains and salad (the avocado dressing saves an otherwise boring pile of lettuce, shredded carrots and tomato slices). The plate is probably about 5 pounds! The empanadas are good but not great. I wish there was more filling. But it's a good side item..same with the potato/beef balls.They're almost always busy and packed with people so hopefully that means they'll be able to open another location soon...maybe closer to my house :)
Easily the best Cuban food north of Miami. I've enjoyed the turkey and tuna sandwiches. My favorite here is the roasted chicken which is a platter. It's served with yellow rice, black beans, a small salad with avocado dressing and sweet plantains. I prefer fried plantains which they sub for free. It's a LOT of food for the price. The Cuban coffees are amazing. I also particularly like the dessert and wine selection. Order ahead at lunch time as this place is a local staple and very busy. Parking is limited. Enjoy!
Small location. Had about 6 seats. But the food was good. I'm from Colombia and even though this is Cuban food it did hit close to home. I got the papas rellenas and it reminded me of a nice home cooked meal. Would recommend if you are into Spanish food.
this place was a cute bright place for a quick lunch! They have daily lunch special and every Saturday is 2 for $7 mimosas! not fine dinning and not high class but it is good for what it is! I would recommend to at least try and give your opinion. it is some thing I would try again!
My family and I recently visited the Colonial location and were pleasantly surprised-the food was edible, the service and presentation was meh. Not one person cooking or serving looked Cuban or even remotely Spanish, in fact they all looked like high school students or first year college students, but the food was decent. My mom visited with my husband and I. She's Colombian and also a chef in various Spanish regional cuisines so she definitely knows her stuff. She tried the media noche sandwich and liked the bread used and how well the meat was cooked. However, her medium sized sandwich came on a very big platter with nothing else on it, not a salad, not chips-nothing. It was pretty underwhelming presentation and definitely made it seem like something else should have came with the actual sandwich. The hubby had a regular large cuban and really liked it. I had the spanish baked chicken. The chicken breast was tasty apart from the small bones that I picked out of my rice. The salad was just a salad but it came with a nice garlic mojo sauce (or an avocado sauce...something like that)..however it was very small. I shared the salad with my mom who asked the waitress for some vinegar to put on her salad-a traditional spanish item to put on salad, however she refused to get us vinegar and said the only thing that came with the salad was the very small cup of sauce. That was pretty disappointing. How hard is it to grab a small container of vinegar? They can even do that at any fast food joint. Lost a star for lackluster service there. The big thing was the beans...if you can do beans, you can do anything. Their beans were pretty hard. They tasted reheated actually. They were edible, but definitely not the best beans I've tasted in Orlando.  It may be personal preference but I prefer medium to very tender beans, like traditional Cuban beans. Summery: Meh The atmosphere was nice, there was plenty of parking, and one of the people waiting on us asked us if we were ok or needed anything. The other girl couldn't bother to even grab a small container of vinegar for a dry salad. The sandwiches came with nothing and came on big platters that definitely looked like they were missing something. The chicken was ok, the beans were hard. I really really wanted to like this place but alas the food and service left something to be desired. Note: There are no fountain drinks or refills.
This new location near downtown on 50 is great.  Parking can be a little challenging but not too bad.  We happened to be in the area and noticed they were open for business.  The food here was good and the service was good too.  It was not what I would expect from a fast food place.  The prices were good too.  This converted garage was done nicely.  They have indoor seating and outdoor seating.  I imagine that it would be very crowded when the word gets out.  The platters are pretty big.  We went with the small Cuban and a Cuban platter.  We both walked aways stuffed.   Overall, good food at a good price.
Great restaurant, great atmosphere, great food. I had the chicken soup, choripan, fried yuca, AWESOME! You can finally dine inside other then take it to-go. BTW you can have take out too. (Best of both worlds) PS have a glass of wine or beer while you wait.
The food is delicious, but more importantly, the staff is very friendly and every time I go, the service is great!
We went here twice this weekend and both experiences were good but left me wanting a little more.  Best yellow rice, and excellent plantains. Everything else needed more flavor. The first time I got the pulled pork special. I liked my meal and had great service. The prices were reasonable and it was an overall good experience. The second time we went I had the pulled pork sandwich. It was good but the bread got a little soggy. The water for the table is cute in a glass bottle to serve ourselves, but our's had some kind of chemical (hopefully soap) in it that made it undrinkable and gag-worthy. But the server quickly got us new cold water. I would go back but I'm still looking for my "go-to" menu item.
It was the first time we went there. We ordered papas rellenas and the Spanish baked chicken platter. All platters come with rice, salad and plantains. Their home dressing avocado vinegrette is sooo good. The portions are huge...felt bad that I could not finish all. I would definitely come back.
Who knew you could get good Cuban food in Orlando? Love the decor and the staff is super friendly. The media noche was not as sweet as I expected (I was thinking more along the lines of a Hawaiian bread). My friends loved the cuban sandwich. And I loved that I could have a glass of wine with lunch. Affordable and delicious.
Everything that the old location has, but better. Love that they chose a building with mid century modern feel to it, giving a nod to an underrated era of Orlando's history. The interior is warm and comforting, while retaining a slight industrial feel and accented with cuban influence (see tiles). You can tell lots of love and attention to detail was put into this place. Food is just as dank, atmosphere is as friendly and welcoming as ever, and now black bean deli has a spot worthy to call its own. Andy, the owner, is a great guy who really gets to know his regulars. The place really gives off a neighborly vibe. Support this place.
Great cafe ambience, delicious desserts. I highly recommend the tres leches. My party got the media noche, pan con lechon and the half cuban platter combo with plantains and yucca fries. These came in big portions at a great value. The bread itself is really good. Everything was delicious, the sauces provided really great flavour balance and the presentation was spot on. Such a great find and a good introduction to Cuban cuisine for me.
I love this place! I used to go to the first location on Mills, and I'm happy to see them expand with a new location on colonial! The food is so delicious. Go.
I have been here 6-8 times since they've opened and I am a huge fan.  Love the fresh tasting salads with quality tomato/cuc and a delicious avocado dressing.  Love the slow roasted meats - if I'm going in that direction I usually get the platter special of the day - a meat, salad, bean/rice mix, and plantains for around $8.  The sandwiches are also really good, of course the cuban but also have enjoyed the others I've tried so far - Media Noche, etc.  Check out the menu and try something new.  When you walk in, go up to the counter and grab a menu off the clipboard, give yourself a few minutes to figure it all out if it's your first time.  Order at the counter and then grab a table inside or out.
Traditional Cuban food for a good price. Will be coming back here on my next visit to Orlando!
Everytime I drive down colonial, I always see this place crowded and I gave it a try for lunch. The platter was so good and their empanadas are the best. If you want to try something different, this is the place.
I haven't found any other better cuban joints around the Winter Park area. This hands down is one of the best cuban places I've ever been too. It's kind of small, but the staff is very friendly. Food is delicious!
Small, quaint...food was great!  Simple but not under done...just right!  Lunch special of half a Cuban and beans and rice were inexpensive and very filling.  Will definitely come back!
Black Bean Deli is SO consistently amazing! Their salad dressing (avocado vinaigrette-esque) is fantastic on everything. Sandwiches and meals are all great. And I don't think it's listed on the menu but you can substitute tostones for the sweet plantains if you'd like - my personal preference. You can't go wrong with any of the sides - I've never seen a ropa vieja empanada anywhere else and I highly recommend it. Finish off your meal with a cafe con Leche and you're golden. The best part is being able to split a platter, side, and dessert with someone and be perfectly full - all for around $15. Just left and can't wait to go back!!!
Love the new location! Great job guys!
Amazing. The food is fantastic, the location is cool, an overall great experience. Get the green sauce, put it on everything.
This place is awesome!! Pros: Sandwiches are delicious. I like the choripan. I'm Cuban I know.   Chicken dinner is amazing! Desserts are very tasteful and fresh. Only place in Orlando to offer Cuban beer. Interior is new, modern and bright! Staff is very nice and bilingual. I try to visit this delightful gem once a week. Cons:  none!
Great Cuban sandwiches - just as good as when the Vega family was there. For those of us old timers who went to Vega's for fantastic Cuban fare - the great Cuban food is back! Fresh ingredients, fantastic bread, fast friendly service and they even redecorated the place to amazing results! Even though I don't live in the immediate neighborhood I WILL be back as a regular! I will have to check out their other location on 17-92 by Fairbanks since this location is a bit closer.
Delicious Cuban food at a great price. The daily Cuban lunch special always does the trick. Today I tried the white chicken platter which was pretty amazing. The chicken is very well seasoned and the black beans, yellow rice and plantains are always a hit.
Great food, friendly service, and good atmosphere. Make this a regular in your rotation.
I want to ask where this place has been all of my life, but I can't, because it's completely my fault that I've never eaten here before now.  The original in Winter Park has been there for like twelve years and people have told me over and over of its virtues, but I just put it on my "eventually...someday" list.  What a fool I was.  Black Bean Deli is Heaven.  It's where you take all of your friends who think they don't like Cuban food so you can change their minds.  I would highly suggest sharing orders, so you get to experience a multitude of flavors.  The perfection of the media noche pairs nicely with the garlic of the pan con lechon - smothered in their avocado dressing, of course, because their avocado dressing is good on everything.  This coming from someone who really doesn't care for avocados.  The empanadas are flaky bites of pure joy - so much so that they have their own food truck (La Empanada).  The Cuban sandwiches are delicioso.  The daily specials are consistently tempting.  Recently I had the ropa vieja platter.  Though the portion was plenty big for me, I could see a grown man grumbling a bit about the amount of beef.  Still, the platter came with rice & beans, sweet plantains, and a little salad.  The prices are quite reasonable, the service suspiciously friendly.  Unbearably hot Orlando summer?  No worries, they'll make your cafe con leche on ice.  It gets pretty rowdy and loud inside, so take advantage of the patio if you can.  And, for the love of God, save room for the quesitos.
I've liked what I've tried so far both times I've been but I haven't been fully wowed yet. The cuban was good but not mind blowing. The pastries were close to mind blowing though.
