I'm a sucker for a good roast beef sandwich, and Beefy King is it. Support Mom and Pops establishments and go here for lunch! You won't be sorry! Not only do they serve up a mean sandwich but they have tator tots! Just be sure to check their hours, they seem to be open at odd times from what I remember.
So many memories in this establishment. I personally love a restaurant that has the same staff every time I go. I have never had a bad sandwich here. If you are thinking about eating an Arby's roast beef try beefy king instead. My only complaint is the clown decor. If you are afraid of them just don't look up near the ceiling there are a few clown hanging around the dining room.
In Orlando it seems like any place that has been in business for more than 15 years and is a non chain (all 5 places in that category) gets an automatic two star bump based on reviewers memories.  There is no way this food should ever garner more than a three star rating (and I am being generous) because it is simply mediocre.  A sandwich combo is quite frankly skimpy; very little mediocre meet on a no frills hamburger bun with cafeteria style tator tots.  At the table are some average sauces and you can wash it all down with average sweet tea. If you are persuaded to try this because of historical hype be prepared to be underwhelmed.
Best in town.  What am I saying, it's just the best!
Fantastic sandwhichs and as everyone else noted they have delicious tater tots. The only gripe I have with them is their hours and the fact that there is only one in town. I wish they were open late and with a thriving coffee shop next door and a live theatre across the street one would think they would do good business if only they were open.
Yum!! Not only is their logo awesome, but the beef and pastrami sandwich was great! Their house made sauces were an excellent compliment to the sandwich and the perfectly crispy tots. My sister had the smoked turkey which was recommende to us by the cashier and it was also really tasty!
my mom used to skip class in the 70's to have lunch here, i skipped class all through the early 00's to have lunch here and still take an occasional long lunch break to enjoy myself a nice beef sandwich and spuds. a true orlando institution. Incredible quality food that literally has not changed a bit from the first time i had it as a toddler. every town needs a lil secret like beefy king. if 20 years from now i find out my kids are skipping class to come here for lunch i might brush my judgement under the rug just a bit. here's hoping for even more decades of delicious beef sandwiches and spuds for the next generation to fall in love with.
Absolutely puts Arby's to shame. Ive had lots of Roast Beef in the North East that is better than here, however, for the area this is the best Roast Beef you're getting. Its only open for weekdays lunch. Its a throwback too, like walking into 1974. Give it a shot.
Awesome, I can't really say more.  Just read the other reviews.  Or better yet just go eat there.  They close the dining room from 3:00 pm to 5:30.  But don't despair the drive-in remains open.
Sooo good! Beefy King is family owned and has been a staple in Orlando  for over 40 years.  Get the Roast Beef combo and tots with horseradish...
This place has the best beef sandwiches in the world! My go-to is a beef and cheese with spuds smothered in their BBQ sauce. Mmmmm!
I really don't understand how this place is in business its really dirty and the food we had only one bite and that was enough! Really bad outdated food.
The only thing I liked was the horseradish sauce. I ordered a "regular platter" with a beef sandwich.   The sandwich had a small amount of meat and a gigantic bun.  When I opened the bun to check things out...the bread was saturated with blood and that's very disgusting to me...(a steak on a plate is different)  I picked out the bloody bread and spread out the meat to fill the bun...just to be able to pick it up I had to flatten it to get it to stay together. The tater tots were no different than Sonic or any other tater tot I've ever had. The cole slaw was only cabbage with sweet mayonaise.  It was cold, which is good!...otherwise average. I have no desire to go back.
Very good.  Probably the best roast beef sandwich I've had in a fast food restaurant.  Arby's doesn't even come close.
Plain and simple Beefy King rocks. Being an Orlando native I have had my fair share of sandwiches at Beefy King. Favorite is the regular (X-Large is really too big for lunch) roast beef with cheese, tots and drink lunch special. You gotta love a place that slices the meat for each sandwich to order then heats it on a small steam pad. They also have great pastrami, smoked turkey or combination of meats. I recommend coming inside to see the decor that looks like it has not changed since the 60's. Also inside you can get the homemade BBQ sauce out if the squirt bottles. If you order through the drive through you'll get pre-packaged sauce unless you specifically ask for the inside sauce. Do. Lastly, for freshness I suggest eating there but if you have to take it to go I hope you live close. Much more than a 5 minute drive your sandwich is risking a soggy factor because if the moist meat.
I ate Beefy King for the first time today.  The tots were fresh and delicous.  They were unsalted which was a plus for me.  They had just run out of barbecue pork so i had the cornbeef sandwich with cheese and again no seasoning required because the cornbeef was so tasty and moist.  I tried the barbecue sauce just for the heck of it and I know the next time I visit I'll definitely have the barbecue pork.  The barbecue sauce was some of the best I've ever had.
Well, this place has not been around for 40 years for no reason.  The roast beef sandwiches are the best I've ever had, bar none.  The "spuds" are a most welcome alternative to fries, and are excellent.  The chili, with cheese and onion (as I order it) while not excellent is quite good by restaurant standards.  The thing I like the most is the sandwiches are made to order on a workstation that is about 5 inches square.  The meat is steamed to perfection and wrapped up nicely in less than a minute.  I also love that the people who work there seem to genuinely enjoy what they are doing.  No bad attitudes ever.  I have been enjoying this place for many years and my PA relatives also look forward to it when they visit.  All in all, I highly recommend trying this restaurant.  You will not be disappointed.
Beefy King is one of the longest running establishments in Orlando and it shows. Fresh ingredients, friendly and family run. As the name suggests this is a carnivores dream. no vegetarian option but that's not a con just thought there should be a heads up. my staple: Ruben,Tots,Sweet tea. The price is decent but expect to spend roughly about $20 a person. recommended! another heads up is that they close early so its perfect for lunch.
Been going to Beefy King since it opened in 68 so that tells you something about their food. I pretty much had a standing order of (2) Roast beef sandwiches, Spuds and a large Cherry milk Shake. Every now and then I would mix it up a little and order a hammy or pastrami, ice tea or coke to take home extras. They all got loaded up automatically with X-BBQ sauce, salt  & pepper. Sometimes I would even get an extra order of sandwiches & spuds load them up with a bunch of BBQ sauce because I was addicted to their BBQ sauce. I've moved to another State and wish they had one here as I miss their Sandwiches. Whenever I'm in the area I make it a point to go there because it a family tradition.
Delicious food and always fresh. Super friendly staff
Love the roast beef sandwiches and pastromi...almost as good as the deli sandwiches you get in NYC.  Not 100% sure they cook their own mean on-site, but I think so.  Crazy that I never tried the place when I lived in Florida thru high school and UCF, but coming home now I try to fight the traffic on Colonial to grab a tasty sandwich.
Wow. I have been twice to Beefy King. First time, service was good, sandwich was your typical roast beef. Nothing special. The tots, AWFUL!!!!! When I think of fries or tots at a restaurant, I expect fresh and flavorful. The tots were neither, absolutely terrible. You could tell they were an off brand, no taste. Next trip through the drive thru. I asked for a sandwich only, not the combo. The cashier kept saying I wanted combo and I had to repeat 3 times that I didn't want the combo, she asked why I didnt want it. She ok and gave me my total. I explained I wasn't finished and had order. She repeated my order and asked me drive around. I will never go here again. Bottom line is this the sandwiches are ok, everything else AWFUL. I can go somewhere else and get better food for the same price and a work force and understands simple commands. I read all the other reviews and can't seem to figure out why it gets such high ratings. Maybe it's because it's an original Orlando restaurant or maybe it's because my expectations are higher. It seems like a lot of places around Orlando are mediocre but people love them because they aren't a chain, this is a great example, mediocre at best but loved cause it's an original. If you want a great original Orlando restaurant try Mediterranean Blue, Tino's, Chili Daddy, or Sandwich Company. They have taste.
The best beef sandwiches in town!
Fast service.  Good food.  I love roast beef cooked on site and sliced thin just as its served.  Beefy king is the best.  The spuds weren't great.   They had a slightly off taste as if the oil had been reused for a couple of days. Mickey D's is still the standards for fries and BK has a way to go to match that.
Though I'm a fairly recent Orlando transplant, I feel like I've been driving by this place forever. WELL NOT ANYMORE. I finally followed my cravings right to Beefy King and I was not disappointed. I try to judge a place based on it's classic, so in this case I went for a regular roast beef and cheese with tots and a soda. I'm not a roast beef person, but it will be a long time before I convince myself to order anything else on their menu. The beef was juicy and obviously fresh cooked. The cheese was melty and the bread was soft but sturdy enough to soak up the juices and stay together. I love it with a little horseradish mayo on it, but I ate most of it plain because adding sauce of any kind felt like a sin. $7.77 all in. I will be back (sooner than I should be).
Ive reviewed this place before and i'm going to do it again because the woman behind the counter (I didn't get her name, she was wearing purple tho) is amazing and I want to marry her. I ordered my usual of x-large rb sammy with lettuce/onions, spuds and rings, and I casually mentioned how cute the pen was (it was their logo or whatever). When she came back to give me my order, she threw in the super cute pen, and two baller soda/beer cozies that I didn't realize were in the bag until I got back in the car. I LOVE YOU BEEFY KING. NEVER LEAVE ME. EVER.
Dank sanwiches. Inside isn't noteworthy. Get your delicious sandwich and tater tots to go through the drive through window. Fast food convenience but wayyyy better tasting. Congrats on your awesome new sign!
When I lived in orlando 7 years ago I would have never eaten here and honestly only because the name of the place turned me off. Until my now husband told me how good it was and being a chef I trusted his food instinct and went. Anytime we visited friends these past 7 years we have had to make a visit to beefy king. Is it super healthy? Of course not. Is it really good? Yep.
Love this place! The food is excellent and the staff is as friendly as can be. There's really nothing out there like this place and the feel you get eating here. Prices are just right and the quality is very good!
Based on reading the other reviews, maybe they were having a bad day, but I didn't have a good experience at all. First, I was yelled at from the drive-thru window that they were drive-thru only. Okay, a minor annoyance, but whatever. When I got through and got my food (it took longer than I would have expected), the server promptly dismissed us with a bad attitude and a sarcastic "have a nice day" despite nothing noteworthy happening and no complaints what-so-ever coming from me or my companion. The sandwich I got was okay at best (and quite soggy), the tots were flavorless, and the onion rings were flavorless plus soggy and falling to bits. Oh, and I get it, you're a classic old business in the area, but PLEASE update your drive-thru sign. When my eyes have to spend five minutes readjusting after looking at the blinding white sign, you have a problem. TLDR: Decent food for the price, horrible customer service in this instance. I probably won't be back.
One of the best lunch spots in Orlando.  Tater tots, roast beef, and friendly quick service makes this one of my favorite places to go for lunch when I am on the east side of downtown Orlando. Only drawbacks: wish there was more parking and self-serve drink refills.
I really wanted to enjoy this place and was very excited based off the reviews.  I was extremely disappointed.  The amount of meat on my sandwich was pathetic (ordered the regular and it didn't even cover the bread) and the tatter tots were not very crispy and bland.  I don't get why this place has so many rave reviews with the meals we received.
Who knew that I would like a roast beef sandwich?? I mean how basic can you get! I have been meaning to try this place for years. I just can't say that I am "into" roast beef. Finally left work early during the week, was in the neighborhood at 1:30 and was BLOWN AWAY by the line at this place. I stopped with some difficulty... I was lucky to get the only parking spot because someone was leaving. I don't even get a chance to eat lunch at work, so I am typically fascinated with how many people actually leave work to eat lunch! Crazy!!! I walked in, and although there were several people in front of me, the line moved so fast that I did not even get a chance to review the menu. I knew I had to get the classic.... so I did some quick thinking and ordered a regular roast beef  plus cheese and tots. In less than 5 minutes I ran out of the place with some serious confusion on what had just taken place?! I drove home scolding myself for the impulsive buy. Then I started eating the tots.... and then I took a bite of the "plain" roast beef with cheese sandwich. HEAVEN! And perhaps sadly I pictured a younger me visiting the old Rax restaurant with my grandmother. A super sentimental experience, But the sandwich could not have been better or more simplistic. My only regret is not grabbing some of the bbq sauces to add to the tots and sandwich like my childhood memories! All in all, I cannot imagine why I waited this long to come here. I clearly like roast beef more than I could have imagined!
Ok, so I'm going to admit something here.... I've been living in the Orlando area since 2002. Yet, I've NEVER been to Beefy King, a legendary old-school burger/sandwich joint, in the Milk District. It's been here since the mid-60s, yet somehow I missed out. Until now... I absolutely loved it. My vegan wife doesn't get it. But I do. It is a throwback to simpler times, awful color palletes and interior design practices...but I love it. I got their signature roast beef sandwich. It was exactly what I expected. Heavy, rich and freakin' awesome! the tots were, well...basic tots. Nothing compared to those at Oblivion. But they aren't meant to be fancy. there is NOTHING fancy about this place. And that is the point! Everything is still super cheap. It's local. It's got a team of really nice people constantly moving about, cooking, smiling, giving you a good experience. It can seem cramped, but who cares? And if you have a vegan partner like I do, you can go next door to Drunken Monkey to satisfy their needs. I've been once, but I will definitely be going back to get my southern/old-school fix for greasy sandwiches!
Consistently a GREAT experience! I just found out about this locally owned spot only a short while ago, and have developed quite a craving for the pastrami/corned beef combo sandwich....it's so delicious! Every single time I have come here, the employees are absolutely sweet and delightful. They are family owned, going back to the 60's....if you are in the area, please stop by and give them a try!
Stopped in today for the very first time after finding out beefstro closed down, and we were pleasantly surprised. As soon as we got there we were greated with a smile and an explanation of what they had to offer just with that I could say they won us over. We ordered the beef sandwich with tots and it was delicious, tasted fresh and definitely homemade. Also the brady bunch themed 70s decor made us feel super retro, and groovy.lol I recommend this place it definitely felt like just good ol comfort food :-)
I completely forgot about Beefy King. I haven't been there in a while but I loved the one they had in Altamonte Springs WAAAY back when I was in high school. Geez I'm getting old because that was really a long time ago. Beefy King is really THE BEEF KING. It's a BBQ type of joint which has been around for over forty years. I remember my parents taking me to the one on Bumby because our bank was nearby on the corner. You can get a ton of different items, all of them are good, but my favorite is the Smoked Turkey Deluxe and the Roast Beef. Don't forget the tater tots which OMG are the best. They fry them a little bit longer than normal and they get really crunch on the outside and tender on the inside. Lunch specials are always the best and would suggest getting their early to beat the crowd. Parking is limited, so is seating. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
My family ate lunch here today. It's like Arby's but homemade and very tasty as a result. On the wall there is a story from October 2013 that Jimmy Fallon ate there which is cool. In the mood for a beef sandwich then try it out. You won't be disappointed.
Pretty damn good food. I have worked down the street from it for 3 years and never tried it until today; I'm glad I did.
Can not go wrong with anything you order there!! Super yummy and have never been disappointed!! Good portion sizes and they clearly know how to do roast beef sandwiches!
Best roast beef ever!  It seriously tasted like prime rib with the delicious au jus flavor and was piping hot!  Their tater tots are also awesome...super crispy.  Love that there's a drive-thru here, which was extremely convenient for my one hour lunch break while it was pouring rain! Their prices are good here.  You can get a roast beef sandwich, tots and a drink for somewhere between $5.00 and $8.00 depending on what size sandwich you get (junior, regular or x-large).  I went with the x-large...you can never have enough roast beef!  I'll definitely be returning.  I think I found my new favorite drive-thru for a quick meal.
Beefy King is an orlando institution. And according to Jimmy Fallon, their pickles are off the chain [artistic license has been taken with this quote]. Yes, it's only open for lunch. Yes, it's pretty outdated. Yes, you have to go outside, around the drive through, to get to the bathroom. But all of this just adds to the mystique/charm of this little Orlando gem. You can't go to BK and not order a roast beef sandwich. You simply can't. I'm not even a huge fan of roast beef, but even I can agree that these folks know what they're doing. Get out of here with your fries! It's all about the tater tot at this lunch haven. And boy do those tots hit the spot! It goes without saying that this isn't a 'healthy, light lunch' option. However, should you need to impress some orlando natives and prove your local knowledge/prowess, the King of Beefy is the way to go. They'll recon you're legit Orlando. Oh, and you bet your ass they have BK T-shirts.
Was seeking lunch and tired of the 'same ol' thing. I spend a day a week in Orlando, but haven't discovered all of the great lunch spots yet. This will NOW be one! Two words TATER TOTS,...maybe another two "ROAST BEEF" Cheaper than Subway or Arbys and by far better food. Fresh steamed buns, melty cheese, and did I mention ROAST BEEF? Great friendly staff, meat is sliced in view, so you know its not coming from a "can o' beef" I will certainly be back, even requested my loyalty card and got double stamps!  If they keep this up, they will be in business ANOTHER 45 years! Give'em a try!
I read a few other reviews and everyone gets the idea. This place is iconic.  It's nothing fancy, just roast beef steamed on an onion bun. It's like if Arby's was good. The corned beef is also really good.  Closest thing to a NY deli style steamer in town. A guilty pleasure.
They got me hook, line, and sinker. I'm just mad at myself for having waited so long (I've had this place bookmarked for about 3 years now, seriously) Very, very impressed with how friendly everyone was. When I said this was my first time there, they gave me a very thorough rundown of what they serve and showed me a few things which I was exceedingly appreciative of. I ordered their classic roast beef sandwich with lettuce, cheese, and onion, don't bother with the sauces, it takes away from the already delicious roast beef flavor. I did however dip my spuds in the horse radish sauce and I thought everything was very delicious. Trouble is now I'm going to want to come here often, they have no idea what they started....
You do not know Orlando if you've not been to this yummy iconic restaurant. Simple food but great every time. You must try the tator tots and the cole slaw. Both are great and included in a platter if you're feeling really hungry.
What a let down!!! This was a terrible lunch. The meat was flavorless.  The sides boring. I have no idea what the hype was about. The staff and setting wasn't even great to make up for the lousy food.
This is the real deal for roast beef sandwiches. Its a local place that's been there a long time and you feel like you're stepping back in time a little bit when you walk in. Ugly 70's decor and all... Not touristy, even a bit, just good food. I usually just get the beef with tots, but the pastrami is really good too! This place is just simply, good food. Not expensive. Probably not all that healthy, but it makes you happy to eat it.
Nice quick joint. Stopped by with a couple of flag football buddies. They all had the roast beef I tried the pastrami. It was amazing. They had bottles of sauces with bbq(hot), mustard and horseradish sauce. I believe it was labeled horsey but that was my fav sauce. We were able to order through the side window because the line was to the door. But that line was for the tater totes and one fryer was going at the time. We then ordered some totes as well after the line went down and boy they did not disappoint. I still think it was the "horsey" sauce that made them taste so good though. Great sandwiches def stop by. But if you can eat a lot like I can you might wanna order a couple sandwiches.
In my opinion, it's a good Arby's and that's about it.  I think since I grew up in NJ I'm just very picky when it comes to sandwiches.  It was just fine, but nothing special in my book.  The tator tots were good, but again, nothing special. I'm glad I went and my lunch was pleasant enough, but I doubt I'll go for a second visit.
Love me some Beefy King. I always seem to get there at the right time. Just before noon. At noon, the place explodes with people. I've often seen the line out the door. Simple menu. The beef is the star. I've never had a bad sandwich there, but I should add that I've never ordered anything but the beef. Sure I may switch it up, with cheese or BBQ sauce, but I always get the beef. It's sliced to order, steamed and served up on a delicious fresh and soft roll. Tater tots are the perfect side for the sandwich and they come to you in a mound!  Platters are served with cole slaw if you so desire.  If you are visiting Orlando, or lived here for some time, you must make sure you have visited Beefy King. They are known around the country, don't believe me? I was in a grocery store in Seattle Washington and bumped into someone wearing one of there shirts! All hail the king!
Beefy King is awesome! An Orlando landmark! Everyone treats you like family and the food great. If you're looking for something fancy or high end, this isn't the place for you. If you're a real meat and cheese kind of person like myself, this place will be your jam!
It should be a requirement for all visitors to Orlando have lunch here at least once. A historical landmark it has been serving it's famous beef sandwiches since 1968. Team it up with the tots for perfection. Top both off with the Hot BBQ sauce and the Horsey sauce. Expect a line but the service is fast. This place is not for foodie snobs. Good get your fingers dirty food. Rustic dining area with the seats filling up fast. Fast turn over though. Watch the hours that they are open. You don't want to make the trip then miss out.
Omg I walked in at 12:30. Ordered regular BBQ beef meal deal. Received my order in less than 30 seconds. The BBQ beef is definitely my favorite & the pulled pork is a close second. The tater tots are pretty good--I can't remember the last time I went to a restaurant that offered tots, so I was super excited!! I just wish their hours would be a little more forgiving to those who work on the other side of town and are craving their BBQ for dinner!
I've lived in Orlando for over 10 years, and I can't believe that I've never been here until now! Beefy King is amazing. I ordered the regular roast beef combo with tots and a soft drink. The roast beef is cut every single day and so fresh, It was probably the best that I have ever had. The tots were crispy on the outside,just like it should be. Awesome place. Just be sure to beat the lunch rush... it gets pretty packed.
What's a Beefy King you ask?  It is amazing on a sandwich created with love that only a legacy restaurant like Beefy King can create. I am a regular and proud to say it.  The menu is the same menu that was around when the business opened.  If it is your first time, go with any size "beef" with cheese and onions.  Be sure to add the tots if you like tater tots.  They are some of the best in Orlando.  Now as far as the rest of the menu is concerned, the only thing I can say to skip is the chicken sandwich.  Everything else is amazing.  Big stand outs are the pulled pork and the turkey.  They have a couple off menu sandwiches which I would recommend to anyone who thinks they have had everything. My favorite is the Turkey and Beef - the best of both worlds.  Not as rich as a full beef and still smokey good. All in all - if you are hungry and in the area - this place can't be beat.
This place looks has no visual appeal-decor in and out seemed like it wasn't touched since the 1950s. BUT, all that didn't matter when we tried the food. I had the bbq beef sandwich. Love the bread and love the tater tots. the price is decent and the customer service was good. One of their employees even went to refill my cup when we were eating. I'd like to come back and try the other menu items. The only thing i wish they were open all day instead of the mid-day. But this is a good lunch spot to go to.
Ridiculously good sandwiches.  This place has been in business forever because they don't take shortcuts.  My favorite is the pastrami and cheese.  Get it as a "platter" so you can try the cole slaw.
You'll never go back to Arby's again.  This old time favorite never disappoints.
Coming from NYC and knowing how mom and pop places can excel, I had such high hopes for this iconic Orlando restaurant. It was on my list of places to check out. Although the staff was friendly The service was slow (it took about 20min) and one of the fryer's was broken which upped the ante waiting for one of their signature items--the tater tots. They were really good though. The beef sandwich we got was really good too but the sauces didn't really fit right. I'm glad I tried it once but probably won't be back. {My 9 year old girl's opinion: "yummy, I tried pastrami for the first time. It was good.}
When visiting Orlando, you MUST stop at Beefy King and get a steamed roast beef sandwich and tots.  I love roast beef sandwiches and this is not an Arby's my friend.  It's an Orlando institution or so I've researched and from what I can tell, very popular. The line never stopped.   Tip: Check the times before you go. It's not always open. Tip No. 2: To get a drink refill, go to the far right of the cashiers and someone will get it for you. You don't have to wait in line. ENJOY!!!
Great sandwiches!!  Just stopped in for the first time today, and went for a beef with cheese and onions.  They warm the meat and bread with a table steamer, so the meat is moist and not at all greasy.  The have lunch specials and for me, a regular with a side of tots and soda was a perfect lunch for  less than $8 total. There was a good sized line, but the service moved fast.  Also, there was not a lot of seating, but there was a long counter which picked up the over flow nicely.  The staff was VERY polite and helpful.  Great job, I'll be back for the pastrami next time. If there was one downsize, it's that they don't take AMEX any more.
My boyfriend suggested this place for lunch and I was happy to agree, although I was pretty sure my lunch would be two servings of tater tots and ketchup since I'm a vegetarian going to a place called Beefy King.   Let me tell you, I was so pleasantly surprised! We were warmly greeted when we first entered, although they were quite busy. I immediately saw a vegetarian sandwich on the menu which had all the works and ordered it with the sweet woman behind the counter. It was on the same bun they use for everything else and had lettuce, tomato, onion, coleslaw, and white American cheese. And not just a piece or slice of each veggie like they do at fast food restaurants, there was a stack of lettuce, several tomato and onion slices and a mound of coleslaw. It was such a nice surprise! I threw some tater tots on my sandwich and a healthy dose of horseradish and hot barbecue sauce and happily stuffed my face. Ill post a pic of my sandwich for the vegetarians out there. The only difference I would make if I went back is I'd skip the white american cheese. Since all the ingredients were cold, the cheese never melted, and it just added empty calories without adding any flavor. I'll let other yelpers cover the meat portion of our meal, just know my boyfriend enjoyed his roast beef so much that he got seconds! All in all, we enjoyed a nice lunch date surrounded by weird, old school decor and got to support a local business! For the vegetarians out there, I'd recommend this place as a good compromise compared to the mcdonalds/arbys/burgerkings/chicfilas out there. There's even a drive thru, which is perfect if you're having one of those days.
I can not believe that the last person to review this place was back on January of 2010 that was over two years ago. I also can not believe that I have lived in Orlando for almost 20 years and have never been here, what was I thinking. First off let me tell you I was a bit shock when I walked in and though the place was a bit larger, I walked in thru the side of the building on the west side and though if I kept walking for a few more feet I would get to the counter but only a few steps after I came in thru the door that I came across the counter to order with in the back were they make the sandwiches is right behind the person that takes the order in a PAPER BAG and then just shouts it out. I literally though I walked in to the 70's or 80's when I was inside this place and they keep it simple and fast. The food was really good .I had the pastrami sandwich with tater tots and a drink ( the combo) for $7.50 witch to me for a small sandwich and some tater tots and what looked to me like a small drink was a bit over priced but do not get me wrong the food was delicious and fast, the food came out so fast I was shocked I was still paying when the sandwich and tater tots were already served then the nice lady at the counter helping asked me very politely if I wanted a lime and a lid with my drink. The pastrami sandwich comes with the meat, melted cheese and onions and your choice of condiments located in a separate area from the ordered area  with such condiments as Ketchup,spicy BBQ, reg BBQ, and mustard plus horsey sauce. If you want lettuce in the sandwich it cost and extra 35 cents, choice of drink are coke products and sweet/unsweetened tea. The staff here was really nice and even though I though the price was some what expensive for what I had, after eating the sandwich I was not worried about the price. The tater tots were okay nothing amazing but not bad and cooked well, I added some spicy BBQ sauce and some horsey sauce(horseradish) and it made the tastes in the sandwich even a million times better making it a happy explosion in my mouth of juicy pastrami and melted cheese with onions ...BOY WAS I HAPPY. The interior of the restaurant is very unique and gets you in to that back in time vibe, the staff is good and the food is good what more can you say about this place. Four stars because they are only open till 3pm, well at least the lobby only the drive thru is open till 5pm. I really wish they were open later so more people could experience this place later as most people work during those times. When I went the other half of the restaurant with tables was close for no reason, not sure if they felt like not wanting people to get the tables dirty so they don't have to clean them or what the deal was but it was odd. I also found it weird the drive thru is completely separate from the cooking or ordering area all the way in the other side of the restaurant, and the weird and creepy clowns hanging from the ceiling that from reading other reviews no one knows about( I did not even bother asking about them) I love supporting local business and this one made my list of places I will come back to again even if I have to drive 8.5 miles to get here.
Jack A. was the first review that came up as we were parking - I have to say, I took some of his advice. When my mom would make homemade roast beef sandwiches when I was younger, I would eat them plain with just the juice, SO GOOD!!!!  So, I took Jack's advice and went with the basic roast beef and taters. The rolls, SO SOFT!  I could have used a little more meat (that's what she said) but the amount was pretty good.  Although, I could probably eat 3 of these because I am kind of obsessed with food - but - whateves.  The taters are exactly that, tater tots, and I would not be surprised if they buy them in bulk from BJs.  They remind me of fish n sticks night when I was growing up.  I also tried the spice BBQ sause and it wasn't bad, not sure if I am ready for a move onto spicy things though.  What I thought was comical is the horseradish sauce (which I did NOT try, my friend was having) was labeled "Horsey" not sure why we all found that comical but it was. Ok so the food is on par with a fast food roast beef joint and I will frequent it now that I am familiar.   Some notes: Hours of operation are ALL jacked up.  Apparently the inside is only open until 3pm and the drive thru 5pm.  Not too sure on the exact drive thru times though.   CLOWNS...WTF?  They are hanging all on the ceiling at this joint and NO ONE knows why.  I asked everyone there because that ish was creepy.  They said they have been there since opening and not sure why but they always kept them.  I vote we start a petition to get those things removed...this aint ClownyKing.  Grrrrrr. I was also reminded of a Burger Barn (from What's Eating Gilbert Grape) as it was 98% old dudes eating in there and you could tell they were all regulars.  The decor is like a 1978 Dairy Queen.   Overall...good food and that is all that matters!
Beefy King is an Orlando Institution, and it hasn't just stood the test of time based on mediocre sandwiches. The roast beef and pastrami sandwiches are my weakness. For a person who abhors almost all fast food, and has never ordered from a drive thru window in my life, I can say Beefy King makes me bend my rules. It's good thing I don't live or work near the Beefy I would have a full blown addiction. Their tots are delicious and I also enjoy their BBQ sauce. Iconic, inexpensive, fresh, delicious beefy sandwiches will hit the spot with me every time.
Amazing!
Someone needs to address the elephant in the room.  While you're trying to enjoy a delicious roast beef sandwich at the Beefy King, there are clowns on swings hanging from the ceiling peering at you with soulless, creepy clown eyes! Rather than just accept this fact and drive home, wondering if the clowns would appear at the foot of my bed that night, I chose to speak up.  I asked the cashier why there were trapeze clowns in every corner of her establishment.  She said, "At first I thought they had to do with rodeo clowns, whose job it was to distract the bull... as the beefy king has a bull as a mascot.  However, that's not the case.  It turns out the grandpa owner of the Beefy King drove down to Mexico a long time ago, and the locals filled his truck full of these random clown puppets.  When he came back, not knowing what to do with them, he hung them up around the restaurant." That sounded like a perfectly plausible explanation as I left the restaurant... until it dawned on me the clowns might be cursed.  I suppose that's a question for the next visit...
Solid roast beef sandwich with the expected sauces. Same goes for the ham and cheese. I have not tried the pastrami but I know people who enjoy this as well. The oil they fry the tots in seems to have been old the last couple of times I stopped by but that's easily changed. The bun has always been soft and never stale. While I agree with a couple other reviews that this place is "average" I would like to emphasize one point and add another. 1 - This is a FAST FOOD place. "Solid" and "Decent" are high praise. You cannot compare this place to a high end steak house - if you do and you're disappointed - that's on you for having ridiculous expectations. 2 - The kitchen is CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN. I know this because a friend shot a few scenes for a tv show and got to see the kitchen. That alone adds a star. Bottom line it's a great drive-through alternative.
I had no idea what Beefy King was, and I will admit, I was a little terrified when my boss wanted to go there for lunch... luckily, I was pleasantly surprised by this gem of a fast food joint. Yes, the big Beefy King sign is kind of old and creepy, and the inside is a tad creepy too with the inexplicable clown decor.  But look past all that for quick service, yummy sandwiches, and fabulous sweet tea.
From the moment I saw this restaurant, I knew I had to try it. I mean, its BEEFY KING. This is the stuff dreams are made of. It's taken me a while to try them out, as they're open about 4 hours a day for lunch, but today I had a date with destiny. Sliced destiny on a white bun. Don't get me wrong, this is still fast food. Their beef sandwich is reminiscent of Arby's. However, unlike the Arby's sandwich, I am certain that this one was actually beef. Their whiz-bang beef slicing machine shaves off the meat as required for each sandwich, and it is cooked to order on this strange little steam-burner contraption. Impressive sizzling noises ensue. My sandwich came out soft and warm, with a sack of Tater Tots ("Spuds" in Beefy-speak). The sandwich rose to a whole new level, however, with the addition of some of their sauces. The Hot Barbecue sauce was phenomenal, a spicy molasses based blend. The regular barbecue sauce surprised me, as it is a thin, mildly sweet vinegar and tomato-based sauce. Good on the sandwich, great on the tots. Speaking of which, I managed to drop mine on the floor about halfway through the meal, and one of the Beefy-folk was there with a new bag before I was done picking them up. That's service! If beef's not your thing, they have sandwiches with several other sliced meats, and you can mix-and-match as you please. Definitely recommended; this is the sort of one-off place that gives a town real character.
I love this place. I'm wearing a Beefy King T-shirt in my profile picture.  I've proudly worn it in China, Ecuador, NYC, WDC, Hawaii, and everywhere else I've been.  Its my favorite t-shirt because I love Beefy King so much.   I've worn my Beefy King t-shirt to other restaurants, just to intimidate the staff.  When they see a Beefy King t-shirt, they know that I know what good food is all about, and they know not to pull anything sneaky on me. When my I finally get a reservation at el Bulli, I'll probably wear my Beefy King T-shirt.  I might even bring an extra one to give to Ferran. As awesome as the T-shirt may be, the food is even better.  Always dine in.  Getting Beefy King to go is a disservice.  Eaten straight off the steam vent is the only way to properly enjoy these sandwiches. Roast beef.  Don't mess around with anything else.  Just get the roast beef and a side of tater tots.  No cheese, mayo, lettuce, or anything else that gets in the way.  Douse the sandwich in BBQ sauce (if you drive-through you don't get the good stuff) and horseradish.  Prepare for bliss. Consider an orange shake.  If this is too avant garde, go for a chocolate & cherry combo. Chili-dogs are forearm length.  If you ask nicely, they'll deep fry them for you.   The BBQ and ham combo is a great treat, too.
If you were making a list of the pros and cons of the city of Orlando for some reason, somewhere in the Pros section you'd have to have: - Has Beefy King. It has all of the benefits of fast food (It's fast.  Are there any more?) but it actually tastes good! Great sandwiches, great tots, and two different kinds of barbecue sauce to drown them in, if you like. 1968, Dawn of the Beefy King.  And they probably haven't redecorated since opening day.  I hope they never do. Long Live the Beefy King!
After living in Orlando my entire life(30 years) I just recently rediscovered this jewel. I had gone here once about twenty years ago as a kid. I don't think then I realized how amazing this old sandwich shop really was. From a time when good food made in house could be found within a few blocks of anywhere in colonialtown, Beefy King still delivers year after year. Please don't let the outside of the building deter you. Sure it doesn't look like the newest or hippest place in town, but rest assured it'll be best sandwich you've eaten. If I could recommend anything on the menu it would be the #6. It will meet all of your expectations and more. Although please make sure to get the Large or Regular size sandwich. The Large has an optimal ratio and the Regular is a close second. The consistency is the best part. I've been going once a week quite regularly now for over a year and have yet to have a bad experience. If you are going to get the sandwich to go expect the bun to be slighly soggy due to the juice seaping into the bread. I always tell first timers to dine in to get the best experience. Either way though you're guaranteed to get the best sandwich in town.
When we moved to Orlando Beefy King was one of the first restaurants I heard that the locals enjoy.  It's located in my neck of the woods, but for some reason it took some time for us to stop by.  We'll I'm glad we finally did.  I can see why Beefy King has been around for 43 years! There is something charming about a restaurant that probably looks the same now as it did back then. It still works after all these years.  Yes you have to go outside to use the restroom, but they do have a drive-thru! A place that has been around for a while has to know what they are doing.  Beefy King has been a family run business that continues to win food awards for their sandwiches. After trying a couple of their steamed Roast Beef Sandwiches I can see why.  These sandwiches are so tasty.  You can get them in three different sizes; X-Large, Regular & Junior.  I get a Jr. Special which comes with a sandwich, small Beefy Spuds & a small soda for $5.95.  I like to throw on some of their sauces to complete the sandwich. While Beefy King is known for their Roast Beef and Beefy Spuds they do offer a number of other sandwiches and sides.  My daughter enjoyed their Turkey sandwich.  My other two kids are big fans of their Roast Beef sandwiches, in fact my youngest claimed it was the best sandwich she's had!  The meals are great, and the milkshakes are a great way to top off a lunch. A heads up that Beefy King is only open till 3pm and they are closed on Sundays.  Don't let that stop you from checking it out.  Great food, at good prices makes it worth a lunch visit.  You can't beat the friendly service you get at each visit.  I'm happy Beefy King is in my neck of the woods!
How can you not like Beefy King? Everything about it is great. Is it fast food? Yes, but no. Yes, the orders come out quickly. But the quality of the meat is superb. I love the retro sign on Bumby, the kind of creepy but nostalgic decor, the friendly service and the tots. If you like the pastrami but not the fat, they will make your sandwich extra lean. Corned beaf is amazing. My fave is the junior roast beef & cheese sammy combo with a side of tots. Every sandwich is always loaded with meat, made to order and hot! Want a sauce with a little kick to it? The staff will whip up some mustard and bbq sauce together for you to have on the side. If I could ask for anything to change, it would be to have some late night hours on the weekend. This would be a great drive thru to hit up after a few drinks...
I heard of it LONG before I tried it - but I love it!  I'm not sure what it is that appeals to me the most - the fresh-sliced beef or the homemade BBQ sauce - but it is DELISH!  I mix the sweet and hot sauce together on mine - smooth firecrackers!   I haven't tried the pork or chicken options as I am so in love with the beef, but the accompanying spuds (tater tots) are perfect!  Crispy and salted! While the place looks like it should be torn down, with a cartoon moose as its logo, the Beefy King experience should not be underrated.
"OH BEEFY KING, OH BEEFY KING, HOW TRULY I ADORE THEE!" I pledge my allegiance to the Beefy King! With his regal crown atop his head, his gleaming longhorns and steaming nostrils, Beefy King beckons us to his Utopian kingdom of beef.... Of beef you asK?  Oh yes!  That and more!  For the anti-beef, there is also turkey and pork (and pastrami and corned.....wait -- them're beef too!).  Though techincally fast food, it is yards and yards above the typical fast food fare. Inside the Palace of the Beefy King, you will find freshly sliced (as in sliced as you order) hot sandwiches.  Your meat of choice is steam grilled and piled on a nice, fresh kaiser roll. Everything is fresh and prepared before your eyes. YUM YUM YUM! Platters are available that include fresh cole slaw and Beefy Spuds (a more macho moniker for tater tots). Tater tots, you say?  Oh yes!  The hell with fries!  Give me those cripsy crunchy, hot little tots o' tater! A variety of homemade sauces (BBQ, horseradish, etc.) are waiting to adorn your royal sandwich.  The hot BBQ sauce is particularly good. Being a fair and just monarch, Beefy King realizes that not everyone is in the mood for meaty goodness, so there is also a variety of deli salads available. As the supreme ruler of the Beefy Kingdom, our sovereign finds an even divide between his personal affairs and matters of state.  He holds court for luncheon only (usually til around 3:00pm), although you can pick up some tasty morsels in your carriage for an hour or so after the royal banquet hall closes. The Beefy King has a long lineage -- he has been ruling for over 40 years and the entire royal family assists in his conquests.  The Beefy King family takes great pride in their product and it shows! So the next time you are in the vicinity of the Beefy King, get down off your high horse for a fresh, tasty and truly memorable meal.  Your opinion of fast food will be forever changed. And they all lived happily ever after....
This has to be the longest standing fast food place in Orlando!  Established in 1968, and passed down through 3 generations of ownership, Beefy King Still Stands! You have to be crafty to get there before they close (it took me 15 years of knowing about the place to finally get IN there) - they close the inside of the place at 3pm every day, but the drive through is open til 5:30 M-F. Way better than an Arby's, and with more atmosphere than you can shake a stick at - get yourself to Beefy King when you're in town!
My family has been coming here since the beginning of time. When family comes to visit from out of town, a top question they ask is "when can we go to Beefy King?" I grew up on their sandwiches and amazingly amazing tater tots! Yum!! They never seem to change and always keep the same perfect quality of a roast beef sandwich. Their BBQ sauce is killer and is delicious slathered all over the beef or even dipping the tots in them. If you think Arby's has gone down hill and is over priced, you are right ... not that I think Arby's has ever been great. You have GOT to try Beefy King if you want some good mom and pop roast beef and tots! I'm craving some now! YUM-MEE!
I thought this was an amazing place. The sign's say they have been around for like 45 years, and they've never had to redecorate. It oozes 60's vibe that you just have to be there to experience. The food as pointed out in all the reviews is fairly simple. The main draw is a freshly sliced roast beef sandwich, accompanied by tater tots. It is a good combination and hits the spot. This is retro cool fast food.
The Legendary Beefy King! It's one of a kind, and if your LOCAL you should eat here! They've been in business for a LONG time in Orlando and they are still family run. I LOVE the Pastrami and Cheese with horseradish and tots. How do I add anything that's not already been said? It's just plain good.....
Best sandwich in Orlando that I have found.  Order the Smoked Turkey Deluxe and you can't go wrong.
Went here for lunch place was really busy. I got the pastrami platter and a junior beef. Meat is great here although I think they skimp a little. The bread they use is a turnoff for me. There isn't a textural difference between bread and meat and that's a problem.  The bread is the type that when moist sticks to the roof of your mouth, yuck.  Tatertots were good but this place is just a bit pricey.  I can understand the following it has but i rather go to Italian Beefstro.
Well, I have to admit, I had my FIRST Beefy King experience!  And, it was DELICIOUS!   I didn't have a lot of time, so I went through the drive-thru.  I ordered a large beef combo (comes with the large beef sandwich, taters, slaw and a pickle), and my companion ordered a large pastrami & cheese combo. Both combos were absolutely delicious.  The sandwiches are fresh and hot, and everything that I have EVER heard about Beefy King. I think that I will be back... SOON...  I just wish they had longer hours!
Beefy King is the best. If you're gonna have fast food then thin flavorful slices of roast beef with tator tots and sweet tea is definitely the way to go. In case you're interested, I add extra cheese, light slaw and toemahtos to my sandwich and I've made some converts who now order it exactly the same way. Service is always reasonably fast and if the drive thru is backed up then they come out and take your order before you hit the big board.  Decor is indescribable- something between bad retro 60's and tacky but it's original and I like it. I waited way too long to give this a try so don't make the same mistake.
Not to date myself, but I have been going to this place since I was young in the 70's!!!   It is the real deal when it comes to REAL roast beef sandwiches.  Stepping in there now is the same as it was 30 years ago.   DO have the roast beef sandwich. Don't get the ham, the turkey, the pastrami, that just ain't right?!?!?!?!!?? Get the BEEEF. If you don't want the beef, don't go. Have side of spuds. I don't think I have ever eaten anything else here nor should I! One of the best lunches to be found....
I re visited this throwback from the 1960s, just to see why so many people still love it. The roast beef sandwich was similar to, but better than Arbys (at twice the price) the tater tots were as tasteless as the frozen tater tots you can buy at the supermarket. Meh. Maybe the other sandwiches are outstanding, but I suppose they don't call the place Sandwich King for a reason. The staff were friendly, efficient, and helpful. The vintage restrooms are outside; you have to dodge between the cars in  the drive through lane (!!) to get there. Not dirty, thank you, but seriously outdated. Like the sign with a cartoon cow out front, the vintage fast food dining room is clean, and looks exactly the same as it did ten, fifteen, twenty years ago. That's pretty cool. I doubt I'll pass by the other good eateries in the neighborhood to visit again any time soon. Three stars only because it's locally owned and pretty clean.
Beefy King is an Orlando staple. If you live, or even just visit, here you have to go at least once. That one visit will guarantee you'll be back though. It's very popular amongst locals, so I wouldn't recommend going at peak dining hours. Try eating lunch at 1 or 1:30 instead of 12, as it's usually a bit less crowded. The inside is fairly small for the volume of people that go through every day, but it's kept nice and clean. There's even a drive-thru that moves fairly quickly considering all sandwiches are prepared when ordered. My favorite is the ham and cheese meal. You have to order a meal and try the "spuds" (basically flattened tatter tots) at least once. They're delish and go well with the sandwiches. Overall, I love Beefy King. It's a definite must for locals and visitors alike.
I've lived in Orlando for 27 years and today was the first time I stepped foot in this joint. Why. It isn't a big fancy gourmet pick or a health haven, but it's obviously a classic. It's been here since the dawn of beef and people keep on comin back. The decor doesn't look like it's changed since they opened and that glass work in there has held up fantastically. They have a few bbq sauces and a horseradish sauce to choose from and they're pretty standard. Tots people. Yeah, like the kind you get in a bag in the freezer section of the grocery and heat up in your oven. Tots. I love tots. I can see why this place is still around and I feel like a fool for having never been in. Glad I woke up early today, since they close at 3. Get in there, get some fresh steamed beef on a nice fluffy bun and slather a little sauce on it. It's pretty good.
I cannot believe that it took me 38 years to try Beefy King! What's wrong with me?? I grew up in Conway, so there's no excuse for this. We went on a busy Saturday. We were out shopping and were starved.  It took us a minute to figure out what we should get. The menu is pretty basic. But for a place specializing in roast beef sandwiches, it really doesn't need to be fancy. I'm glad we stopped. Even though it was busy, service was very quick. The meat for our sandwiches were cut fresh. And they also had a number of sauces to choose from. It was all very good and we will have to go back again.
Directly across the street from Beefy King is a coffee shop called the Drunken Monkey; it has managed to co-exist with Beefy King. Other business that tried to compete in this same location were crushed by the King.  A KFC, Conway's BB-Q, and even an Arby's (I think) went out of business there.  It is because Beefy King makes one sandwich at a time.  They use fresh ingredients and charge a fair price for the quality.  If you work hard with this type of plan, it is hard to fail.   Buy a hat, buy a t-shirt.  Tell your friends how good it is.  These people deserve only success.
I do not eat beef. But... The smoked Turkey Deluxe is delish.  I enjoy it with cheese and coleslaw in the sandwich. I love the people watching.  It attracts every type of person in Orlando. The old school interior is amusing, do not enter if your are adverse to creepy 1970s clowns, I would suggest the drive through.
The order-taker ignored me today when I tried to order tots aka Beefy Spuds, but my pastrami and corned beef sandwich with lettuce and onions was so delicious, I instantly forgave her. Well, I mean, I forgave her, like, 5 minutes later after we went to The Crooked Spoon for homemade rosemary and salt potato chips yelp.com/biz/the-crooked….
5 stars for the food, but knocked down to 4 for the service. Beefy King beef sandwich and tots make a fabulous meal.  Super soft bun full of steamed lean beef and crunchy fried tots, both slathered in copious amounts in horsie sauce.  Heaven to me. I just wish that the counter staff were a little more friendly.  It's hard to navigate a huge menu with a ton of choices with a squirming 6 year old.  When asked their opinion on what to get, I wasn't given any really sound direction to go on.  I always go prior to a rush-time, so it's not like there's a queue of people behind us.  Well, that's my gritch on the service. Someday I'll visit by myself and be able to make an unhurried decision, but until then, I'll stick by the tried and true.
Good food, but only been there once so far. My order was simple.  A BBQ Pork Sandwich.  That's it. AWESOME.  The pork, while not astonishing, was great.  And what I really loved was the fact that it wasn't drowned in BBQ sauce.  It was like a perfect pairing.  Enough sauce for taste, but dry enough to where the pork stayed on my roll and into my mouth. Even the roll was delicious.  Soft and warm.  Mmm. I munched on my girlfriends tots (no pun) and those were great! I would have given them a 5 star rating on that alone, but I tried the BBQ Beef sandwich she ordered and I was surprised at the difference between quality of the two sandwiches.  Her's was oozing out of her bun which I didn't like.  And the taste wasn't that great.  It didn't really taste like a BBQ Beef sandwich to me. The only other gripe I have is that it didn't seem like they put enough meat in the sandwich.  What were they using?  An old school ice cream scoop? All in all good food.  Def. will be back, but I'll probably will just stick with their BBQ Pork.
My first review applies.....as is the 4 star review. But please, spare yourself the torture of eating a Reuben here.  The sauerkraut made the bun way to soggy and the 1000 Island was an hydrogenated oil nightmare.  Actually the dressing comes on the side and you have to squirt it on yourself.  Still a 4 star place just don't go anywhere near the Reuben.
This is one of those places that YELP was the sole reason why I went. I had heard rave reviews about it via internet and word of mouth. So after a scary say spent shopping at the Fashion Square Mall I decided to stop. I was a first timer so I was a little apprehensive to order. The girl behind the counter was very nice but considering there was no one behind me the way she was rushing me was not appreciated. Finally, I was overwhelmed so I told her to order for me. She just gave me their 'signature', plain roast beef sandwich and tater tots. Yummmmyyyy. There is no doubt why it's their signature sandwich. I LOVE LOVE LOVE their hot barbecue sauce. At one point I tried to drink it. What I love most about Beefy King is this is old time local at it's best. When living in a fairly 'new' big city, old time favorites are hard to find. The inside decor I love. The clowns are questionable but I bet they were the bee's knees back in the '60's and because of that I love them. Also, since I am not a huge fan of french fries, anytime tater tots are an option my heart skips a beat. The hours are a little odd. I went back two or three days later around 3:15 and the dining area was closed and I had to go through the drive-thru. No big deal, I stuck with the roast beef and my day was brightened. I truly fell in love though when they had pre-made cups of spicy barbecue sauce available at the window. If you're in the Bumby/Livingston area check it out. Nix that. Make you're way to Bumby and Livingston and check it out immediately. *If you're one of those who are afraid of swinging clowns, definitely go through the drive-thru.
(This review is only for the drive-through experience and for a shake I had here.) I was here a few weeks ago and only to get an orange shake, which I saw that was available here on the online menu. I love shakes of all types, but couldn't remember ever having an orange one (or a cherry one, which Beefy King also serves). I ordered via the drive-through, so I didn't go inside and have never been in. I forget what I paid for the shake ($2-something, maybe?), and the online menu doesn't indicate any prices. The shake was pretty good, though not the best I've ever had by any means. I enjoyed it and may be back here soon to try a cherry one. I did notice that, as I was making my way through the drive-through, that there was a sign on the outside of the establishment that indicated that the lobby was closed for a little while; I don't know if this is every day for a little bit, or once a week, or what have you ... but keep that in mind if you decide to go here. Perhaps the lobby/inside is unavailable at times for cleaning and so on. I don't see myself giving this a full 5-star review at any point, and I'm not sure I'll ever eat here since there are so many more appetizing (to me, anyway) options in the area, but I may pop in once in a while for a shake.
Man, this place was great! Super simple fast food place that really has the best tasting BBQ style fast food I've ever tried. The menu is a bit confusing to me, they have two platters to choose from with a few differences and when ordering my sandwich I totally didn't realize I had to add extra toppings like lettuce and cheese. So the menu isn't very intuitive but I'm also mildly retarded so it might just be me. Still, my BBQ beef sandwich was great! I loved the tater tots (or spuds as they call it) and the cole slaw was actually great. Not runny or too creamy. I just wish my schedule could allow me to visit more often but I guess, for my waistline, it's a blessing in disguise!
WOWZER. So Arby's has nothing on Beefy King (Except for their lack of creepy clown decor). I had the roast beef sandwich plain which comes with a decent amount of freshly sliced roast beef (they slice the sucker right in front of you), and a soft and slightly steamed kaiser bun. The beef is actual beef sliced from a round of beef, like the kind you'd find at a fancy brunch or wedding buffet...not some strange cube of beef parts...ewww. As for the sides they have tater tots (I'm not a big fan), which I tasted (crisp on the outside, and creamy in the middle), and onion rings which were a bit meh they tasted just like the ones at Burger King probably because they had a corn meal coating, and they had coleslaw which was pretty good. They also have a whole slew of sauces to top your meat with including their version of Horsey sauce (horseradish), which was nice and creamy...but not nasal passage clearing enough for me...lol. Overall, I had a great experience, and I will definitely be back for the beef!
My God this is like a party in my mouth and everyone's dancing.  I don't know where the Hades they get their corned beef, but man it's just right. I never seem to get anything else when I go but the corned beef combo sammich. What else do I need? Two meats, warm, with cheese and the juice dribbling over my chin. Mana from Heaven I tell you. I have a few words I'd like to say as I'm eating their sandwhich. They are: nom nom nom nom nom nom....
It isn't what it isn't. Talk about a place that knows its identity and role...this is it. No frills, no bells and whistles, just consistently delicious (if not healthy) sammiches that will warm your soul and make you feel that all is right with the world. Throughout the years, I've wolfed down my share of pastrami-and-beef combos (#6 with spuds, please). You're not going to lose weight if you eat here too much. I would recommend making it your go-to "cheat meal" as that's what I've done with a great deal of success. Try to avoid the lunch rush if you can, it gets pretty crazy. This is where Orlando goes for roast beef sandwiches and tater tots. You simply cannot call yourself a resident of Orlando if you've never been to Beefy King.
How have I gone two years on Yelp and not reviewed Beefy King?  I must apologize to the owners right now and ask for their beefy forgiveness.  BK is an Orlando institution and should be a stop for anyone visiting the city. Let's be clear here ... this is fast food, plain and simple.  Think Arby's, but without tasting fake or processed.  I truly think if BK was a few blocks north on Colonial, Arby's wouldn't have a location in downtown Orlando because people would easily pass them up in favor of the King. Go for a regular roast beef sandwich, but add cheese and a side of spuds for a delightful meal combo that will take you back to your childhood (as will the general ambiance of the place).  The beef is perfectly steamed, and the buns always taste fresh.  They offer several sizes of sandwiches, from regular all the way up to extra large, so you've got options to go with your appetite. BK also offers other types of meat, but honestly, I love the roast beef so much, I've never tried them. BK accepts credit cards, but make sure you take some change for drink refills (my one knock on the place).  Also, don't be put off by the retro decor ... you'll be reassured when you see how clean everything is.
Best place for roast beef and tater tots in Orlando, hands down. It would have been a 5 star review if the prices were a bit cheaper. Costs 8 bucks for an "extra large" roast beef sandwich, tots, and a drink. The XL sandwich wasn't so big and they definitely short you on the tots, would have been 5 stars otherwise! I will definitely become a regular here.
Sweet mother of meat. I can't believe I didn't make it here sooner. You can absolutely tell that these people are putting their all into serving the community these amazing sandwiches. I got the beef and pastrami and stole a bite of the beef and ham from my significant other. I'm pretty sure everything on that menu must be amazing. I'll be back to try some others.
Sweet dreams are made of BEEF! This place is straight out of a movie sucka. Tasty thin sliced beef, turkey, pork, bbq beef, etc. comes served up quickly on a hot bun. Order the beefy spuds (tater tots) and a coke or sweet tea and you'll be cruisin' the fast food highway. Make it a platter with cole slaw and a dill pickle. The decor alone is worth a visit. You won't find many places like this. It feels like a Midwestern fast food joint from the late 70's or early 80's. Check it out, and never think Arby's again.
I've lived in Orlando for about 25 years now, so it's inexcusable that I haven't tried Beefy King until now. This place was awesome and exactly what I'd expected.   Excellent steamed sandwiches and tater tots (spuds).   The interior is like a step back in time.  Friendly staff and service.  I am a fan now.
How did it take me this long to visit this spot?? Classic location with old school vibes and old school clientele. Some of the friendliest people behind the counter make me feel loke mg grandmother is taking my order. This place is up there when it comes to best Orlando sandwich, and they basically have tater tots perfected. Hit it up, but they close early so try to make it for lunch.
In a world of french fry dominance, you have to admire a place that will go bold and make the tater tot their staple side. That was one of the things that drew me to this place, honestly. I decided to go ahead and order the roast beef sandwich since I was there, why not? It is fanfreakintastic! I didn't think I even cared for roast beef much, made me wonder what I had been eating all these years that allowed me to form that opinion. Portions are right on here - I ordered the junior and between that and my yummy tots I was completely satisfied. The only ray of sadness is the fact that this roast beef goodness is not an option on Sundays- they are closed. I learned that the hard way, sitting at the drive thru for a couple of minutes, wondering why no one wanted to take my order.
It wasn't really bad - The Roast Beef was fresh and the bun was soft....but beyond that there was not much flavor until you added generic packaged BBQ sauce.   I understand its appeal for the kitsch factor - but it really didn't have amazingly special food - just OK. Also - the tater tots were REALLY greasy, and it closes at the bizarrely early time of 3pm (although the drive through it open until 5),
All hail the true king! youtube.com/watch?v=E4TK… This video really says it all - you will trade your kingdom for this sandwich. If you've been to an Arby's, that's a decent approximation of the kind of thing Beefy King is going for, except more delicious. Tater tots seem to be very popular right now, so I think Beefy King is riding the wave. Only open for lunch - this is a family establishment, I guess. I can only imagine what some tots and beef would be like late night in my wildest dreams. I am also a fan of food prepared right in front of me - this is no exception. Beware the XL sandwich - not for the faint of heart!
A Great sandwich and a nice mom and pop feel. The drive thru is a fun experience. Highly Recommended.
Peeps, I love me some Beefy King! Every once in a while I need some good, awesome/nasty fast food. This place is delicious. Not gross like most fast food, but kitschy and delicious and hits those feel goods censors. You know when you were a kid and someone took you out for a a happy meal, but now you know it's evil and dark, but sometimes you just need a deep friend potato food item and a beef on a bun. This place is your place. It's  not fine dining, just fine fun.
Pretty much an Orlando institution, Beefy King is THE place to go for a freshly prepared roast beef sandwich.  Forget about Arby's, Beefy King is totally fresh and the service is just as fast - if not faster! I just can't believe I have lived in Orlando for several years and just recently made it over there!
Been coming to Beefy King since the '70s. So I am kind is biast. But it's still great! I only get one thing "the meal deal" jr beef w/cheese spuds and drink. I love that they slice the beef right in front of you and steam it on the steam plate. And who doesnt love tater tots. Its such a great change from french fries. The staff is very friendly and sometimes you a catch the owners on the slicer!
The name has it all as Beefy King has been around for over 40 years. It puts Arby's to shame with their Roast Beef sandwiches, tater tots and coleslaw. The secret here is in the fact that the sandwiches are steamed and wrapped immediately, no ketchup required. Probably the only thing that has kept Beefy King from rivaling the local McDonald's is the fact that this place is rarely open. You'd be best and try and catch it for lunch because otherwise, it closes at 5:30.
I was introduced to this place by an obsessed former co-worker. I had a roast beef sandwich with cheese that he brought back to the grind for me sometime ago and it was AMAZING! I actually rarely ever eat roast beef sandwiches but told him i would try one if he got it for me :0) (and yes i batted my eyelashes when i said that) and i was impressed!! Colleen and I were rolling around the bumby road area hungry and for some reason Beefy King came into my head so I had my experience eating in at Beefy King and it really does look like an old school Dairy Queen but it is veryyy veryy clean! as for the food the rolls are SO SOFT! and the amount of meat was perfect for a lady like myself! the cheese was perfectly melted and the tots were awesome. I feel is surpasses your arbys sandwhiches by far but beware of the business hours and if you are scared of clowns, do the drive thru fo sho!
Beefy king has to be doing something right to still be around after all these years. My parents have been fans since their teens.  Great home made quality and variety. Sadly only open till 3 or 4 p.m.
There is no better lunch in Orlando. Real Roast Beef!!! The beef is pink towards the center, the horseradish sauce has actual horseradish in it, and they sell t-shirts with the logo. I can't for the life of me figure out how we still have Arby's in this town and why this place is not franchised for the rest of the country.
After hearing about Beefy King's big win for 'best sandwich in Orlando,' I decided it was finally time to stop in and try it out. When you first walk into Beefy King, you almost feel like you are being transported to 1980s/1990s Orlando--the restaurant has the feel of an old fashioned, locally owned fast food place. Ordering at the counter, I almost felt like I needed to be an "in-the-know" Orlando local in order to not seem clueless. I figured I would just order the roast beef sandwich combo, but of course it comes in 3 different sizes--small, medium, or extra large. The difficulty with this is, I am still not even sure which combo meal we received, but all I know is that our sandwiches were huge and incredibly filling. The roast beef sandwich comes with a ton of meat stacked up on a giant kaiser roll with lettuce and tomato. While I wasn't overly impressed with the sandwich itself (the lettuce was wilty and it seemed like the bun:meat ratio was off), I do have to say that the tater tots at Beefy King are excellent. I would honestly almost just go there for the tots, if nothing else. But like with most places in the Bumby area outside of downtown, parking at Beefy King is scarce. Keep this in mind when you stop in to visit, but also remember that there is a drive thru as well if you really can't find a spot to park. All in all, if you're living in Orlando, I feel that you need to experience the Beefy King at least once. It is definitely a hidden treasure of the Orlando area, regardless of the fact that I did not fall in love with their roast beef sandwich.
Beefy King is my new guilty pleasure!  I work right down the road and went on a lunch adventure with a friend.  I was a little skeptical when I walked it and realized the decor has not changed... probably ever... but the food more than made up for it!  Steamed beef and cheese sandwich?  Yes, please!
Quick disclosure ... I am a huge fan of perhaps the last standing Roy Rogers in New Jersey that is not a quick-pick highway stop.  They still warm the roastbeef with gravy then put it on a bun. I can never understand why people eat at Arby's ... This place serves a quality product.  Very prompt and courteous I really like what they are doing. I'm not a deep fry guy so all those side items really don't interest me. I had a large RB with nothing on it.  I wanted to taste the beef. It was a little less flavorfull than I expected but the cut of meat was clearly lean and of good quality. The problem is to a degree some marbling is necessary. If I had to say why 4 and not 5 stars, something is slightly missing. I'm honestly not sure what to be fair. It might be of all things the bread. It didn't seem the correct type of bun for me for this sandy. It was fresh and fairly neutral, perhaps I'm just a fan of the butter and light toast process from Roy's. That all said I'm looking forward to my 2nd test.
Not bad.  Tots were great, but tots are tots.  Turkey sandwich tasted ok, but was disappointed that they use deli meat.  From the smell of the place i was expecting smoked turkey breast in the lest.  Based on the reputation, I'm willing to go back and try something else on the menu...maybe I just ordered the "wrong thing."
Beefy king , orlando land mark since 1968! If you like Arby's this will be your favorite place.
I'm all in on the Beefy King. I forget how much i enjoy their classic beef sandwiches!  If you like roast beef, and somehow think a fast food popular place, rhymes with Barbie's, has a good sandwich. Buy one from there, then one from Beefy King.  Eat the two next to each other, try not to vomit on the fast food piece of crap. Not even sure how that "beef" is made.  Get the platter, get the tots, get the slaw, get the regular(or X-large-what i will get from now on, moooore meeaat).  Get get your face to Beefy King.
The best sandwich I have ever had. And the best part is you can get anything on the menu and its great.
My father in law introduced me to this place.  I had never really been a big fan of Arby's, since I know their food falls under the "mass produced" category.  The concept of Beefy King is similar to that of Arby's, but it's locally owned and operated, AND the food is FRESH!  They slice the meet and steam it right there, in front of you while you wait!  Their tots are darn good to boot as well (and I'm usually not a fan of tots).  Definitely a worthwhile place to stop when in Orlando!
This place has a loyal following, but I am unfortunately not one of those followers.  I agree it's a must check out - it's just one of those quintessential Orlando establishments.  But the heavy, greasy food (while delicious) is not the sort of thing I can regularly indulge in.
Large beef and cheese, tots, and a root beer. Beefy King sticks to what they know and keeps it simple and delicious.
For those visiting Orlando: This is one of those places that you must try while in Orlando.  It's a local staple.  It's somewhat equivalent to visiting Philippe's while you're in LA or like visiting Katz's Deli while you're in New York.  It's just one of those local treasures that can only be found here.   For those living in Orlando but haven't tried Beefy King: You're long overdue.  The time is now to try what has been an Orlando tradition since 1968. A pre-requisite: you must love meat.  A vegetarian could in theory happily chow down on Beefy tots (tator tots), cole slaw, and a kosher dill pickle, but it's the sandwich that leads off these delicious platters. The roast beef sandwich is awesome.  The bread is soft, the meat is fresh, and the horseradish sauce is homemade and quality.  I also really love their HOT BBQ Sauce.  The beefy tots are not like any tots I've ever had.  They're crispy and fantastic, definitely not the ones you got at your elementary school cafeteria.  The cole slaw goes perfectly with the hot roast beef sandwich.   There are many different types of sandwiches including Reuben and BBQ pork.  The sandwiches come in a few different sizes and platter choices.  I recommend the extra large with the full platter.  You get large side dishes and a decent sized sandwich.  For me, it was the perfect size and relatively inexpensive.  The platters come with tots, slaw, and a pickle (all large) while the combos come with 2 small sides and a small drink.  The decor makes it a perfect lunch place.  In fact, it's only open for lunch.  They close at 3 PM everyday except Sunday, but the drive-thru remains open until 5:30 on weekdays.   This place was originally an attempt at a fast food chain, but ended up being a singular neighborhood staple.
This place is an Orlando institution! The beef sandwich is the classic and it's fantastic. I get it with cheese, and then I put BBQ sauce on it. Nom nom nom. My husband gets the corned beef and pastrami which is also amazing. I like the tater tots as a side, instead of run-of-the-mill fries. They are nice and crispy and a great compliment to the steamed, juicy sandwich. My *only* complaint about Beefy King is their incredibly inconvenient hours. I live rather close, and even so the only time I can really make it there is for Saturday lunch. They close at 5pm on weekdays (too early for me to get dinner from them, and I work far away so I can't go for lunch), 3pm on Saturdays, and are closed on Sundays. I can't tell you how many Sundays we have thought about going to Beefy King only to sadly remember it is closed. I know it's their right to have a day off, I think it is still family owned, so I get it. But 5pm on weekdays?! 3pm on Saturdays?! So early!! I'd give them so much more business if they were open more hours. But the sandwiches are so good, I'll still go back on Saturday afternoons.
The pastrami with onions and cheese plus BBQ and horse radish sauce is awesome!
Quite tasty!  We stopped here in a hurry and worried there would be a wait (this is an Orlando institution, right?).  Well, even though the restaurant was crowded, the service was quick and the staff friendly.  I had the roast beef and my wife had the turkey.  The sandwiches were quite tasty.  They come in 3 sizes and the "regular" (in my opinion) is on the small size.  They have tater-tots instead of fries.  They have a killer horseradish sauce.  I would highly recommend the roast beef.  Reminds me of what roast beef sandwiches used to taste like before the commercialization of restaurants like the one starting with a big "A".
Beefy King is an independent fast-food restaurant that somehow managed to survive all these years, due in part to its cult following in Orlando.  Maybe I'm missing something, but I really don't find it any better than an Arby's.
The best quick lunch in Orlando, the Roast Beef is perfection!
This place blows Arby's out of the water. Even though it seems like they pulled the restaurant itself and even some of the workers from the 1950s, I still think this place deserves four stars.
OK I know everyone raves about how amazing this place is, but I honestly don't see it! It was just OK to me. Maybe it's because roast beef is just OK to me? IDK it was good meat, good bread, normal toppings- just a normal, OK sandwich place!
The best steamed roast beef sandwiches ever. Also they serve tater tots. Not a fine dining place but who cares. Only open for lunch.
Was really good pastrami sandwich! Need to go again!
i liked me some beefy king. i did. but coming from the RB capital of america a.k.a the north shore of mass, i hold my beef to a ridiculously high standard. i also like there to be some rudeness in the ordering process (EVERYONE IS SO NICE HERE!), but i guess that's just a weird new england thing. anyways, i digress. i got the regular beef with cheese, onions, and pickles and i was pretty impressed. they really seem to have the whole beef-steaming thing down to a science and my sandwich was ready in like, 30 seconds! the meat was tender, but there could have been a bit more flavor, and i wasn't a huge fan of the kinda-soggy bun. i'm probably just homesick for the joints in my old 'hood, but until i adjust and forget about them...a solid 4 stars. :)
I was raised on Beefy King!  Been going here for 40 plus years.  Drive from Maitland to Bumby -- which isn't that far, but it's not that close either -- for periodic fixes.  Enjoy spreading the Beefy King word to newbies to the area, it's that good.  In particular, the sandwiches use real roast beef sliced on site and place in warm buns that get just slightly salty and infiltrated with some of the beef juice.  The tater tots are the best, too.   In all of the years I've been going there, their food has never changed, so very consistent and never disappointed.
