I've previously reviewed Kabooki Sushi here, but we continue to return regularly, and the food has advanced from fantastic to mind-blowing, so it deserves another mention (my first repeat review, after more than 400). As I said previously, we've had sushi at some of the top restaurants all over the world, and I've never had a meal as good as the ones I consistently get from Chef Henry Moso at Kabooki Sushi. We always have the omakase, where you put yourself in the chef's hands. But we ask him to add extra courses, and to pair it with wines. We usually have about seven courses, and it costs around $125, about double what the original omakase ran. To put this in perspective, I've paid more than that for a single course at some high end sushi restaurants, and not gotten as good food! Similarly, the wine pairing at $30 is cheaper than a single glass of wine at those restaurants (Nobu, I'm looking at you). The really amazing thing is that in a dozen visits, Chef Henry has never repeated himself, except for one dish, the Maguro Truffle, that we always request. So that's something like 100 unique dishes! Not only is each a work of art, but the combination of flavors is so perfect (salty, sweet, umami, citrus, fatty, acidic, rich, light -- often all combined in one bite) that it defies description. And sushi isn't an easy food to pair with wine. Yet the matches are always perfect, and usually include minor grigio, sauvignon blanc, chardonnay, pinot noir, cabernet and sparkling wine.
Doing the basics awesomely. Check. Introduce you to some non-traditional takes and techniques that draw the ooos and aaahs. Check. Excellent attentive service. Check. Kabooki seriously has it all.  To top it all of, the large big screens showing the Cooking channel was just awesome because they told me that they don't give a shit about looking cool and sometimes you really do want to just have some excellent sushi with some Alton Brown in the background. We had traditional basics like the hamachi kama, hamachi roll with green onion, and had some really interesting non-traditional stuff in terms of a wide range of rolls and bites that they seem to change on a fairly regular basis. The mother-in-law, in particular, really liked the hamachi kama.  This is a lady who grew up helping her fish monger mom cleaning fish all the time.  I have to say, it was the absolute largest piece of fish neck I've ever gotten. Oh.... and the PRICE.  Seriously.  This place is just a great deal.  I certainly hope they don't up their prices are they are clearly popular. This place is now a must stop whenever we are in the area.
I would not usually review a location based on a take-out order, but WOW. I needed to satisfy a sushi craving and decided to stop by Kabooki on my way home. On the phone, they told me it would take 20-25 minutes for my order to be ready. The host must have heard the disappointment in my voice (since I was nearly there already) and as soon as I walked in said, "Are you Steve? Don't worry, your order shouldn't take too much longer." I sat on the waiting bench expecting to dally on my phone for the next 15 minutes. BUT, the host offered me beverage, brought the check to me pointing out that I could pay ahead of time so I could leave as soon as I was ready AND asked which sauces I would like (No, they didn't charge extra for them!). And wouldn't you know, hardly minutes later my order was ready. I was extremely impressed by the service experience I was provided for a take-out order, I can't wait to come back for table service. Bravo, Kabooki - you did it right! 5 stars. Oh, and the roll was really good, too :)
I am a sushi lover and have been to many, many different sushi restaurants (around the world and in Orlando), and this is the most amazing sushi I have ever had. This is my #1 recommendation for anyone that visits Orlando. I usually go with my girlfriend and we get either the Maguro Truffle (we ask for extra Bobo rice crackers) or the Otoro Ball along with the Kazan Scallops as appetizers.  My favorite roll is the  Hawaii XO (great if you like something fresh, and filling with a hint of citrus!) and she gets the Smokey Double Tuna Roll.
Amazing and creative sushi menu.  Super fresh with micro greens and great variety of fish.
I had carefully read other reviews of Kabooki Sushi before making our reservation through OpenTable for a Saturday night. All in all, reading the reviews both helped and hindered my experience--I'll explain below. From reading reviews, I knew that making a reservation was a must. The restaurant is fairly small and seating is limited. We had a reservation for 6 pm on a Saturday and it quickly filled up in the time that we were there. Like I said, I made reservations through OpenTable, so it was very easy and no fuss, although I could hear the hostess checking reservation times over the phone with several patrons during our visit. There are quite a few inventive rolls on the menu. Many people had praised the "One Night in Bangkok" roll: "Tempura sweet potato topped with salmon, tuna yellowtail, whitefish in Panang curry sauce with bell pepper and Thai basil." Others had also noted that the American Lover, "Tuna, salmon, avocado, cream cheese. Whole roll tempura fried then topped with baked spicy real blue lump crab salad and lotus root chips finish with honey kabayaki sauce," was very good. We tried both of these rolls along with two pieces of unagi nigiri and they were all tasty. The Bangkok roll was good but unusual; we love curries and the Panang curry that topped this roll was delicious. I probably wouldn't order it again, though, just because the presentation was a little odd to me. That is, the roll itself is underneath a fairly large portion of fish curry (as explained in the menu description above) and so you have to kind of figure out how to eat your sushi: Topped with a generous helping of curried fish? Eat the sushi, then the curry? You will likely end up, as we did, with a fairly large portion of leftover curried fish--not quite enough to box up and take home, but a little odd to just eat all on its own, especially if you're going to save room for dessert, as we did. We ended up just having our server take away the rest of the leftover curry, a bit of a waste. The American Lover roll was also good but large, hard to eat in one bite without feeling like you had a huge mouthful of sushi that's hard to chew. The lotus root chips were crunchy but not a lot of distinctive flavor to them; the lump crab salad was also good, but hard to tell any subtle nuances of flavor in it--certainly not spicy as the menu described. I'd probably order this roll again and see how it was a second time. The unagi (eel) nigiri was great--perfectly portioned, not drowning in eel sauce. Maybe ordering an assortment of nigiri and sashimi is the way to go for true tastiness? So here's where reading reviews ahead of time got me: I had read in several reviews that the Drunkey Monkey dessert was fantastic. "Banana bread pudding, banana bread beer ice cream,banana caramelize with bourbon sabayon sauce" is how the menu describes it, and when we arrived yesterday, I was excited to see it was still on the menu and immediately knew what I was ordering for dessert. I love bananas; the ice cream sounded fantastic; what could go wrong? They're not making Drunkey Monkey any more. Whhhhhaaaat? When we placed our dessert order (Drunkey Monkey and the Flaming Creme Brulee), our server, Heather, made a sad face and told us that "Chef was tired of making the Drunkey Monkey" and it was no longer being served (although it was still on the menu). Even though it was apparently quite popular, it was being replaced with something sweet potato (not the same). I chose the C-4 ("Flourless chocolate cake with dulce de leche center and Madagascar bourbon vanilla ice cream, black lava salt") which was good, but not the same. The cake was dense, rich, with a barely discernible taste of caramel for the center (I would have liked more so that it was actually part of the taste of the cake) and the ice cream was delicious, but more of the black lava salt would have also been good. There were three sprinkles of salt on top of the ice cream, and the mixture of creamy and sweet with salty was fantastic, but without more of the garnish, I couldn't experience it as much as I'd like. My husband's Flaming Creme Brulee actually came out as a Thai Tea Creme Brulee (Heather again noted that she "didn't realize we weren't serving the regular creme brulee any more"). The "flaming" aspect of it was fairly unimpressive--the sugar topping was briefly lit on fire and a small flame appeared; meh. The Thai Tea flavor, unfortunately, was fairly overwhelming and turned what is usually a delicious end to dinner into an unsatisfying moment. The tea flavor was somewhat bitter, and I usually like Thai Tea, but turned into a creme brulee? Not the best use of it. Service was attentive throughout and dinner was reasonable: $50 for two adults, two special rolls and two pieces of nigiri, two desserts. We'd come back again and try other things. But please! Reconsider the Drunkey Monkey removal or at least have accurate menus that reflect what you actually have to serve!
Took my brother and his wife here after he came back from his tour of duty. He had not eaten any sushi for months so I was recommended Kabooki as the fun and happening place with great "sushi". We went all out and got the omakase and had 6 courses of bliss. Each plate was delicious and creative with everything being fresh and well prepared. I could write pages about the food but I'll say it was on par and above with some of the best Japanese cuisine I've had and this is in the realm of Nobu or Morimoto. The service was wonderful and they accommodated my 2 year old niece which I was apprehensive about because the place is small. I hate to be the dining party with a crazy kid but she actually really liked the atmosphere. In the end I wanted an amazing dining experience for my brother and it was success. I highly recommend Kabooki Sushi to anyone and will definitely be coming back!
Good sushi that isn't the norm. The chef is innovative and provides variety. Slightly expensive for the offerings, but don't let the strip mall location deceive you. Trendy, up tempo and a solid choice for sushi.
Good sushi, we tried it all, felt like tapas, we kept ordering, next think we know it was $200....on colonial $200 dinner for two.... It just felt wrong LOL..... Atmosphere was hip and cool ...: small place so get there early.
My boyfriend and I have eaten at Kabooki twice. The first time was last January, and the second was tonight. Both times the food was amazing, the atmosphere was lively, and the sushi chef recognized us(from 7 months ago!). I really enjoy that kabooki is a small restaurant that had remained small- so far. There was a slight wait, but for the unique sushi creations they offer, it was not anything to complain about. We started off with the salmon sailboats. Salmon wrapped around blue crab meat with slices of Fuji apple. It melted in my mouth. I had sake(salmon) sashimi with the American roll and my boyfriend had 2 rolls- a spicy tuna and the One Night in Bangkok. The American roll was tuna, salmon, avocado, and cream cheese in a roll. They tempura fried it, and added blue crab meat, tempura flakes, and a sweet sauce. It tasted creamy, and the blue crab topped it off perfectly. The One Night in Bangkok was "some fish with curry sauce on top of it. It was superb" according to my boyfriend. To finish the evening we ordered a C-4- flour less chocolate cake with dulce de leche filling and a side of bourbon vanilla ice cream. It was an explosion in my mouth. And not the bad kind of explosion.
My boyfriend and I were looking for a new place to eat and I suggested Kabooki Sushi. When we arrived the place was packed but as fate would have it there was one table open that had our name on it! (I definitely recommend making reservations as we arrived the host asked if we had made them already. I'm assuming this place is always hopping.) We often like to order a bunch of different items on the menu and like share everything. To start my boyfriend ordered a Ginger Lemonade and I had the Thai Tea. (My favs!) Although, this wasn't the best Thai Tea I've ever had, it was still tasty. For appetizers, we shared the Edamame with sea salt and garlic and Chicken Satay. The Edamame was OUT OF THIS WORLD! Probably because my boyfriend and I both love heavy garlic in everything. Good thing we both do or this date would have left someone a little ripe. Next up, we shared your traditional Spicy Tuna Roll, Veggie Roll, and a specialty roll called Gundam. All around delicious! Will definitely will be back because our service was impeccable (our server's name was Hip and he in fact was very hip), the price was very reasonable, and the atmosphere is super cool!
Favorite LEGIT sushi restaurant!! From the outside you may think eh.. I don't know, but man right when you walk in it completely surprises you.  The decoration is modern and simple, non of that fru-fru, over the top decoration is what I really loved about it. The service here was amazing and our waitress was super friendly and helpful.  I really loved how she explained the sauces and what some of the ingredients were in the rolls.  She gave us a few of her favorite rolls, and we definitely went with the one she picked. Oh, if you would like to substitute any of your rolls to cucumber instead of rice, they will gladly do it for you but of course for a little extra charge for those low carbing and watching that figure ;) But the food.  Presentation is EVERYTHING here.  The saying is true, you really do eat with your eyes first.  Yes, reading the description of the food can seem overwhelming and foreign but don't let it stop you from ordering it.  Be adventurous and give it a shot! Here's what I ordered: Drink wise: Trying their SakeTini, it's literally drinking juice.  But the better version, cause a little alcohol never hurt anyone ;)  I ordered the the Mango SakeTini and I'll definitely be ordering this one, or two, or three. haha :) -One Night In Bangkok:  Wow, this roll is amazing.  If you love and are a fan Panang Curry or just curry in generally, you'll love this roll. I could personally just eat the curry that was on top of the sushi, SOO good. -American Lover: FRIED everything.  Can't go wrong with fried food right? I can't remember much about this roll, besides it being fried and the topping which I really enjoyed.  But don't let my lack of description of this roll make you turn away, it was good too! -Smoking Double Tuna:  This is a good roll for you spicy lovers!  It was a very clean roll, did not feel heavy, and had the right hints of spiciness.  But not spicy enough to make your mouth numb if that's what you're thinking.   I also tried from a friend's roll the Louis Vitton roll, or as I call it the "Bougie Roll". Haha.  This roll literally tasted like I ate a burger in a sushi roll.  Definitely get this if you aren't a fan of raw fish just yet.   Lastly, order the dessert! I got the Drunkey Monkey. Banana Bread Pudding + Bourbon = BOMB.COM.  Luckily our friends got other desserts that we got to try, the C4 (chocolate lovers dream) and the Lemon Curd (literally taste like a key lime pie, but lighter) This place and food was simply divine! Had such a wonderful experience and even if the prices are a little bit pricey, you get your money's worth and the quality of your food is nothing short of what it is. Awesome restaurant!!!
Kabooki has some truly great sushi. The spicy tuna, escolar and avocado, and eel, avocado, and bacon rolls I had were flavorful and delicious. The edamame appetizer was also pretty good. In fact, Kabooki could be one of the better sushi joints in Orlando. So why am I giving it four stars instead of five? Well, the price:portion is way off, specifically during happy hour (5-6:30 pm). The rolls on special are half portions compared to other restaurants, even though the quality is much higher. When I ordered three rolls, I figured it would be around twenty four to thirty pieces, like it is at most other places. However, I ended up with fifteen pieces and left starving. You are paying for quality here, not quantity, so keep that in mind before visiting. I'll be ordering off the regular menu next time!
I am clearly not Japanese.  I did not grow up on the streets of Tokyo consuming mountains of Sushi from a very young age.  I did not spend years training with Jiro learning the art of Sushi and it's preparation.  I am not a Bay Area guy who eats only "traditional" sushi and I cannot describe to you the quality of fish like a wine sommelier.   All i know is that Chef Henry has done something right at Kabooki Sushi.  The presentation of some of his dishes can probably find space at the Orlando Museum of Art and the flavors remind me of Mozart and Beethoven having an epic rap battle in my mouth.  Sometimes, I must admit I have been moved to tears of joy and disbelief when tasting some of his rolls.   Do yourself a favor when you go.  Be adventurous and get out of your comfort zone and order the special for the day.  It is always something that tastes and looks excellent and I have yet to be disappointed. But don't just take my word for it!  Listen to this satisfied patron! "Yo Amura I'm really happy for you, imma let you finish, but Kabooki Sushi has the greatest Orlando Sushi of all time!  OF ALL TIME!!" PS My only reservation is I could not find fish sticks on the menu. PPS Speaking of reservations, you will need one as they are always PACKED!!!
Kabooki has taken over as my favorite sushi spot in Orlando, hands down. The Pros: FRESH fish - hand selected by the chef every day and when it's gone, it's gone... so eat early! Beautiful presentation... everything that you eat will be gorgeous and tasty. The pork belly - it melts in your mouth.  It's SINFUL. Modern, tasteful decor. The Cons: Looks super sketch from the outside. VERY small dining room - make a reservation! Sometimes uncoordinated service - drinks coming out after first course, etc.  I've found that this definitely depends on the server. Definitely check it out and go hungry... but save it for a special occasion. Trying a bit of everything could get very expensive, very quickly.
Yes. Yes yes yes. Kabooki Sushi is tied for my absolute favorite sushi restaurant. From the outside, I would have never expected a drastic change once you step foot inside. The decor is modern and simple. The music, mainly downtempo electronic remixes, allows for easy listening or conversations to be held over it. The service is friendly and attentive. But the most important part of any restaurant, of course, is the food. The sushi here is nothing short of spectacular. I was so pleased with every bite. The fish was so fresh. I could not be happier with the rolls and nigiri that I ordered. The presentation was lovely as well. The amount of effort and detail put into each piece really shows. And the taste! I'll be dreaming of their rolls tonight. Additionally, their desserts are delicious. There are four different tastes and textures at once but they harmonize perfectly. I don't know how. All I know is that it is amazing and I could probably eat my body weight in their pistachio pound cake. I can't wait to come back.
Best sushi served in Orlando-possibly in the entire Central Florida area. Kabooki serves fresh and yummy sushi and their rolls are imaginative and perfectly balanced. The staff is friendly and helpful, and service quick and accurate. The atmosphere could use some improvement. As its popularity has increased, the space has grown to feel cramped by what seems like too many tables and a lack of a decent waiting area. The food and service more than make up for its faults, though.
Definitely a solid sushi place. This place gets busy FAST on weekends, so make sure to either go early or make a reservation. It's easy to see why it fills up so quickly, though. The service is excellent, the food is flavorful, and the menu has a great deal of variety. Also, if you're interested, the drinks from the bar are totally delicious. The sushi rolls are a bit small here, and they're pricey, but man are they good! It's probably best to mix your order of rolls with something a little more filling, especially if you're planning to go out to Red Light Red Light (or some other place close by) afterward. That said, everything we had was delicious. I don't think there are any bad choices on the menu. Definitely give this place a try! Great food, awesome service, very cool ambiance. I'll be back!
The place is not in a nice location for the price. It is a strip down building with limited parking. The decor reminds me of IKEA--very bright color, minimalistic, clean looking. Also, you are require to make reservation. We came for dinner once and did not make a reservation and they refused to let us sit even though there were empty tables. The second time we came back (with reservation), they seated us right away. The food is best described as Asian fusion sushi. It is not your standard roll. It is whatever the chef feel like making. As for the price, it is overly price for smaller roll. The roll and individual pieces are like 1/2 the size of what you would normally get at a sushi restaurant. As for the taste, it just tastes peculiar. We have been here three times and have tried a variety of rolls. In addition, coming from SF Bay Area and being Asian, I just expected more. P.S. I find it amusing they have some rolls made with nuoc mam (Vietnamese's fish sauce).
I've been here a couple times. If you're looking for quality sushi, this is the place. Although it comes with a price. The atmosphere is very chic. It's quaint and nicely decorated. There's plenty or space, but rather small. Great for groups, but just a bit small if you sitting at a table. The service is very slow. If you're not in a rush, it is fine. If you're picking up your food, give at least 10 extra minutes from the estimated pick up time from when you put your order in bc you will have to wait a bit. The food is great. I've had the Hawaii roll, coconut lobster roll, smoking double tuna and zen. They are all very good, but the portion sizes are very small. 3 rolls equal an average of a 2 rolls compared to other sushi restaurants. Overall, this place is cute and has wonderful sushi. However, it is costly and the service isn't on top of their game.
Delightful, amazing, delish, awesome and any other word that describes greatness when it comes to sushi. I can't stress enough how great the food and service is. Our waiter Dimitri was phenomenal, he made some excellent suggestions. The food presentation was a masterpiece. The portions were small but not small on the bad side actually enough lightness to allow you to try more items on their fabulous menu. We made reservations which was great since it's a little small and gets very busy and in no way does the traffic of people compromise the service or quality. If you're in Orlando you MUST make it your mission to stop at Kabooki. You will never regret it. Love love love. Best sushi I've EVER had. 10 stars on everything food, presentation, taste, uniqueness and service.
Sushi in Orlando can range from mediocre, sub-par and overpriced, or downright risky; so when I heard rumblings of how good Kabooki sushi was I had to go check it out for myself. I've driven by the location numerous times and didn't even realize it existed.  It hides in plain sight in a small strip right across from Fashion Square Mall.  Many will say not to let the exterior keep you away, because once inside you quickly forget about the loud, busy traffic of E. Colonial and you enter a cozy environment that feels semi-chic without any trace of snobbery. One thing I noticed was that the large bright windows are a constant reminder of where you are. I would personally shut out the world with dark tint or curtains, so you can trick your brain that you are nestled in a quiet neighborhood in Orlando and not feet from a busy and less than glamorous strip of highway. Ambiance aside, our server, who reminded me a Cocoa Beach surfer, greeted us quickly and rattled off some specials from the raw bar and was able to recommend some beers for my craft snob companion. The menu was overwhelming not because it was large, but because each roll had several fascinating ingredients in them. This is not a place to get a basic California or Salmon roll (although you do have that option).  Each roll needed to be carefully studied and even then you have a hard time determining what to order because it all looks so intriguing and delicious. Not to mention you may have to ask some questions, like what exactly is yuzu tartare? We started off with two salads that could be likened to a high end ginger salad. The Booki Salad was a fresh spring mix, English cucumber, enoki mushrooms, cherry tomatoes with house ginger, and fuji apple ginger dressing.  The dressing had bite to it that I was not ready for, but it was very good.  I had never had enoki mushrooms before, so that was an added treat. We decided on our rolls which sadly did not include the decadent sounding "Louis Vuitton" roll. Complete with King crab meat and  topped with blow torched wagyu beef.  It's sounded so luxuriously tempting I may have to eventually try this on a return visit. It answers the question I am always trying to answer when I eat: "What would Kayne order?" Getting down to business, I told my Zack Morris look-alike server  that I wanted the "Coconut Lobster" (one of his favorites) and the "American lover" roll. I renamed it the "Merica Roll". The Coconut roll was filled with tempura lobster, avocado, smelt roe, yuzu tartare,topped with toasted coconut flake and honey kabayaki sauce sauce. The American lover included a mixed feasting of tuna, salmon, avocado, cream cheese. The whole roll is then tempura fried then topped with baked spicy real blue lump crab salad and lotus root chips finish with honey kabayaki sauce. Sounds intense, right?  Was I able to finish? To be honest the baked blue lump crab atop the American roll was amazing but it was almost too much for me to handle. I ended up picking some lumps off and giving them to my dining companion who was eager to steal any scraps from me. I really loved my Coconut Lobster roll. I could eat that all day. My sushi enthusiast companion had chosen the "One Night in Bangkok" and a more modest selection of the spicy tuna roll. The Bangkok delivered tempura sweet potato topped with salmon, tuna yellowtail, whitefish in Panang curry sauce with bell  pepper and Thai basil. He was quick to announce that his Sushi was really good, and had it not been for the price point it would easily become his favorite Sushi joint in Orlando.  That's just because we order take out on a very regular basis from a College Park sushi joint and its always good and it's cheap, but Kabooki is not eat at home food. It's food to experience and treat yourself with. Dessert: The C-4; flour less chocolate cake with dulce de leche center, Madagascar bourbon vanilla ice cream, and black lava salt. Overall I would have to say this was my favorite Sushi experience in Orlando in a long time.  Sushi Pop, Shari Sushi and Amura can hold their own, but Kabooki has won me over. It's comfortable without a downtown pretentious crowd of idiots (like at Shari Sushi), it's worth the price your paying (unlike Amura) and it's not in the middle of nowhere (like Sushi Pop).
The booki booki roll is to die for.  Been here dozens of times.  Had a few religious experiences.  It can get expensive, but it's sushi. Service is almost always impeccable.  The owner/chef is a stand up dude.  Decor and vibe is to the liking of most. Laid back but also upscale.  One of the best and most creative sushi spots around.  Comparable to Sushi Pop, but I like Kabooki a little more.
I've passed this place when running errands and finally stopped in for dinner tonight. This  an amazing sushi restaurant. The menu is inventive, using really fresh ingredients. I had the duck dish, a roll and the c-4 for dessert. Would highly recommend.
I finally get what the buzz is all about! This place is not a looker from the curb, but man, oh man, wait until you sit down! The interior is decorated really well and feels clean, new, fresh, and well designed. The server we had was funny, but not obnoxious, and helped us make our selections. I am not used to cheating on my go-to sushi place (big up to Bikurri!), but had been hearing great things about this place and decided to go with a group of friends who were recent converts. The special of the day was an elaborate Ramen dish with an insanely slow marinated soft boiled egg on top. Pardon my ignorance, but I have only had Ramen in a styrofoam cup (microwaved) and had no idea what to expect. Luckily, my friend ordered it and gave me quite a bit to try. It was DIVINE. Wow- I'll get to the sushi just now, but next time this is offered I NEED to order it! It was also pretty huge, so get ready for leftovers! Then came the epic sushi. Now, I'm used to Bikkuri prices and portions (low and hefty, respectively). Kabooki is pricier and the portions are much smaller, but the quality (I hate to admit) is MUCH higher. Though Kabooki has a great Happy Hour (with many rolls at the reasonable $4 price), I knew I had to order one roll off of their signature section. Yes, I'd heard long and far about this 'Hawaii X-O' roll and couldn't leave without ordering it. It's a bit steep at $13, but after the first bite I was sold. We're talking Yellowtail, avocado, Tobanjian aioli, tempura shallots topped with white seasonal fish, lemon confit, kaiware, and Hawaiian pink salt. My mouth had a flavor orgasm. The lemon is what really made the roll and I found it so incredibly refreshing that I now consider this my absolute favorite summer roll. I also ordered the sweet potato tempura ($4 on Happy Hour) and it was very good, but smaller than I expected. Finally, the server tempted me with their fully homemade desserts. They actually have a pastry chef that comes in in the morning and bakes these from scratch! I ordered the Drunkey Monkey on the server's recommendation. It consists of Banana bread pudding, banana bread beer ice cream (Home made and absolutel delish!) with bourbon sabayon sauce. I'd highly recommend leaving room for dessert because this bread pudding rivaled the one at Santiago's Bodega (and now is in a tie for my favorite bread pudding in the city!). Overall, I had a fantastic time! It was pricier than I normally go for sushi, but I can't deny the quality. Another great stripmall gourmet find!
I am by no means an expert at sushi, but visiting many spots around the area I can honestly say that this is the best location for sushi in the general vacinity, and undoubtedly the best I've ever been so far. I've been here now, and am planning many more as soon as convenient with regards to my price range.  The decor is very relaxed, but also intimate and is perfect to bring a date.  The music choice is somewhat heavy but is not in your face, and works perfectly with the atmosphere and feel of the overall experience.   Every roll I have tried so far has been out of this world, which would include the 'One Night in Bangkok', 'Louis Vuitton', 'Ghost Roll', 'Hawaii X.O', along with a myriad of the Nigiri choices.  I recommend the One Night in Bangkok if you're willing to try something out of the box.  The first time I went we also had a fantastic seared tuna appetizer, and the second time we had (recommended by the chef) Waygu Kobe torched beef Nigiri.  $18 for two pieces may sound pricey, but that doesn't reflect the overall price of the menu, and WOW, was it well worth it.  When spending that much on a bite, you're not paying just for the food, but for the experience and the understanding that THAT is the flavor that is how food should taste, and not carrying that knowledge with you is unfair to yourself.   Sit at the sushi bar and interact with the wonderful staff of Kabooki, they are friendly, attentive, and work very hard and cleanly.  The creative and inspiring chef has been there both times we have dined, and not just standing back and watching the work happen -- but being hands on and making sure that each dish is exactly what he envisioned.   Bottom line -- If the chef or staff recommends something, Get it.  The waitresses and waiters know their stuff, and they are there to give you the best service and experience that you can, not just working to upsell food or make a bigger tip.  Genuinely great from start to finish. The only con that I can see that people keep pointing out is the price.. I can say without a doubt that for this price it is the best value you can get.  Paying between $8-$17 for a roll is not something that I think is ridiculous, especially for the quality and effort put into it.  When you dine at Kabooki you pay for the atmosphere, the attentiveness, the experience, and finally the wonderful and creative menu items.  Hands down this is the best value you will get at any sushi place around the area. 5/5 would Kabooki again.
By far, the best sushi we've ever had!  One roll was better than the last.  The servers are very friendly and knowledgable about the food they're presenting.  Will definitely be back!
I came her based on all the rave reviews. I thought it was ok Sushi and VERY overpriced for the size of the portions I ordered: Seaweed salad- average Kazan Scallop- Good, but super tiny Hawaii X.O- bland and not good. I wanted to send it back, but ate it anyway. Ghost Roll- pretty good, but small Coconut Lobster- the best. Wine pour- small Service- SLOW
Finally ate here and had an awesome time. I dined alone but sitting at the bar was so fun we were sharing each others food and laughing and made friends! . They recommended me what to try and the servers were great. Yes it was packed,  and I came on no reservation,  as usual (on a Friday) and only waited like 10mins... They did have a few tables open. Large group celebrating a birthday. Downside is that this place is too small and it's very popular. They mentioned something about expanding. Food: try the specials if u dare Sushi rolls: only 5 or 6 on the menu have 5 rolls and the rest come with like 8!. The pieces are kind of large I have to take 2 bites here. Prices are decent. Another thing I liked is that if you come late they don't rush you out,  It was past closing time and the chefs were STILL cooking we were still sitting and eating (finishing up). Another table was there done eating but chatting and drinking. The servers were in the same laughable mood. Service is speedy compared to other sushi restaurants. But as far as closing time they do want you to finish ordering before close,  but if it rolls past 11 you can still take your time and they won't throw u the bill like some places. My other favorite sushi places is seito sushi (Baldwin)  and sushi katana.
Currently best sushi spot in Otown - Sushi Pop dethroned.  Omakase has finally arrived (Omakase optional).  Sushi Zo (Culver City) would be proud.  If you don't enjoy - you simply don't know sushi.
Don't let the outside of this strip mall sushi place scare you away! This is one of those cases where you don't want to judge a book by its cover. Inside Kabooki it nicely decorated and doesn't match the outside. Came here with a date on a Saturday night at 6 pm. We didn't have reservations but were seated right away. When we left, Kabooki was very busy, so I recommend you make reservations. Our server went over the specials with us and we ended up ordering the Uni appetizer. I honestly didn't taste much, but my date really loved it. We then decided to order two rolls. A coconut lobster roll and a spicy tuna roll. Both of these were fantastic! I loved the toasted coconut found in the roll. Kabooki lost one star for just two minor things. The first one being the size of the restaurant. It is very tiny inside. We were seated against the wall and I honestly felt like I was part of the dinner party next to me. There are just too many tables in this small area. The second being the prices. I did find them pretty expensive for the little amount of food you get. Our meal was close to $50 and we didn't even order anything to drink. I honestly walked out hungry. Next time I plan on coming back for happy hour!
This pains me to write.. because I had SUCH high expectations for this place. And maybe that is the reason why I was disappointed.. I didn't WANT to give it 3 stars, but the sushi just didn't do it for me. HOWEVER, (before you all virtually stone me to death), let me explain that the experience itself was deserving of at LEAST 4 stars so just hear me out. Service: we came on a Friday night around 8 sans reservation. (rookie move, I know but it was a last minute decision) The place was packed to the gills.. the area by the hostess stand was an absolute clusterf*ck and I almost decided to say "screw it" and go somewhere else. However, once we put our name in (25 min wait quote) we were seated in less than 10 minutes. Awesome. Our server was an absolute doll. She gave wonderful recommendations, was engaging and on top of her game. She was seriously great!! Food: We started with the garlic edamame which was DELISH...salty, crunchy pieces of garlic.. yes yes yes.  I could eat that everyday for the rest of my life and be a very happy human. I wanted to try the kimchi edamame but bf wasn't feeling it. Oh well, I was TOTALLY happy with my decision. Next up was the lobster dynamite (or dainamite as its written on the menu, but I have issues with words that are purposely spelled wrong for a kitschy effect) appetizer. Sweet baby Jesus... It was SO good. Its essentially tempura fried lobster tossed in a spicy creamy sauce. It was almost identical to the buffalo lobster at Shari, which is one of my favorite dishes ever. Fat kid HEAVEN I tell you. Here comes the disappointment: the main event! the sushi! With a stellar start you'd think the sushi is going to blow me away, right?? Sigh.... it wasn't bad by any means. But it just wasn't that great, although the fish WAS fresh, but for me that should be a given when you're eating it raw. BF wanted the Zen roll and my choice was the Hawaii XO roll which was so highly rated... and while it was ok, I just didn't get that feeling that I wanted to marry it. And I get that feeling a lot with food. (if you haven't already noticed by my reviews) Maybe the sushi chef was having an off night?? It just didn't live up to the awesome menu description. See, maybe my expectations are too high?! :( Also, did anyone else notice that 90% of their rolls contain something tempura? Not that I'm hating on tempura, because that would be absurd, but it was just an interesting observation brought up by my other half. Oh and the banana dessert is stupid good. I just wish there was more caramelized bananas, because 3 was SO not enough. I wanted like 300. The bread pudding was a little on the dry side but the sauces complemented it perfectly. Yum. Anywho, my final consensus is that I will return... but maybe I will just stick to the non-sushi items next time.. and stop having such dang high standards.
I definitely like this place for it's sushi. It depends on what you're looking for as to whether or not you'll be a fan. My high rating is because of the really interesting and daring sushi rolls that turn out to be quite delicious. The Hawaii XO was the best roll that I had. It has a nice combination of citrus and fish flavors without going overboard. The place is very popular so even with a reservation we still had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated. The other issue is, when you arrive, there is really no place to comfortably wait, even standing. It was cold outside the night we went so several people were hovering in the small area near the hostess podium in one big blob. We had to work our way through the crowd to let the hostess know we had arrived. If we had stayed inside to wait we would have been at that point standing next to diners as they ate, so we went outside into the cold. Later, we were sat at the table closest to the door, so every time someone came in or out a blast of cold air would blow over us. The service was also slow, but they were packed. So to end on a positive note, our server was super friendly and knowledgeable about the rolls. He made suggestions off the menu for us to try. And as I said before, the sushi was really really good. However, for the prices they charge I would have expected a better experience from beginning to end.
Best sushi restaurant in all of central Florida. Sushi Pop is runner up. Top ten cuisine in central Florida. Amazing chef. Great servers who love what they're doing.
Kabooki Sushi is an upper class restaurant wannbe that needs to either lower prices or upgrade the experience.  Food was all good  with standouts being the Crudo (cobia served on a salt block) and Coconut Shrimp roll.  I was also impressed that they had available Japanese and American craft beers, and people seemed to be enjoying the wine list. My problem is the prices and the amount of food you get for that doesn't really match the atmosphere that Kabooki Sushi offers.  The restaurant is in a small rundown strip mall and the place is really small with so many tables crammed in the place that it is hard to navigate between the tables with all the patrons and the servers.  Service was also a little uneven although we didn't feel neglected.  I am also not a fan of TV shows being displayed in the dining area especially in a upscale restaurant.  All this is forgivable if the food is priced right.  I don't think the price is justifies the dining experience. Kabooki Sushi has some original dishes and a well-thought out menu, but they need to improve the dining experience to justifies the prices in my opinion.
Wow! First of all, Kabooki has some of the most spectacular customer service I've received in a while! For a frame of reference, they're better than Nordstrom. So hats off to the team at Kabooki! We booked via opentable and Jordan called us the day after our meal to make sure we liked it. My answer: Yes, we most certainly did. I tried the edamame with garlic & sea salt, flounder carpaccio (chef special), Hawaii X.O, and the C-4. I would recommend each item and I really wish I could have some right now... Yes, it is in a strip mall but that just makes it all the more appealing. It's a (not so) secret oasis of wonderfulness that I will be visiting again.
Oh, well hello there new sushi spot favorite. I think Central FL is blessed to have so many top sushi spots and this newer addition to the selection is a nice touch. Do not let the outside deter you from a lovely meal. This may sit at the end of a small strip that isn't glamorous on Colonial, but once you enter, you really forget where you are. Be prepared for a tiny, but cozy, little spot. It's very posh inside too, I love how they decorated and the background music was perfect. Really a lovely time.   The reasons I didn't give it 5 stars: - We had a reservation for a Friday evening and when we arrived we still waited about 10 minutes (not bad at all!) but we were placed at the end of the bar where there was much traffic through the kitchen and hallway. That wasn't the best seat in the house for a nice dinner and bummed we got seated there when there were other seats that seemed to be open at the time we were seated. The cool fact about sitting at the bar is you see into the kitchen so you get to see the rolls being made and get to interact a little with the chef's. Also, if the others sitting at the bar are friendly, it's a nice spot to meet new people. - They don't have a full bar, only beer, sake and sake cocktails. - Our service was not the best. While friendly, not very fast. Which we get since it was packed and a Friday evening. However, our appetizer and first roll came out before our first drink and we ordered our drinks before we even ordered any food. On the food note, basically everything that arrived was a piece of art. The presentations there are pristine. And the flavor, freshness, and overall selections are bad ass! I am listing everything I tried in the order of favorite: M13. Tempura shrimp, Spicy mayo, avocado topped with sun dried tomato sauce, crispy red Quinoa Kazan Scallop. Pan seared scallops with salt and black pepper, green pepper corn coconut sauce, micro basil, on top of Indian roti flat bread Fuyu maki. U15 shrimp, kani, cream cheese, green onions, layu, paprika. Served with daikon radish and sweet Thai chili dipping sauce, chives Gundam. Coconut tempura shrimp, avocado, asparagus topped with tempura krab, chive, orange zest, spicy mayo and kabayaki sauce Overall, terrific sushi spot for a ladies night or date night. Don't miss this little spot, it's stellar.
I am not actually even a sushi fan and I loved this place.  Unbelievable staff, friendly and accommodating.  For weekends, better make reservations, I've been told that during the week one will not likely have to have a reservation to get a table.  Fresh, fresh food.  Never would have thought I would have bragged about dessert at a sushi restaurant, but really I must.  It is a must to try the "C-4" dessert (chocolate lovers its time to celebrate with the melted caramel center and the black sea salt sprinkling over the side). Hats off to the people that work and operate this establishment.
Had I not run across this restaurant on Yelp! I would have missed out on a great new (to me) sushi place! Imaginative and fresh menu. Portions are small enough to get 2-3 per person-get a few and share!! You'll want to try everything! Plus, if Naly is your server, you're in for quite a treat. She made super recommendations and made sure that our food came out in the right order (determined by Naly) and staggered the delivery of each item so that we had enough time to savor each new taste before moving to the next!! I'm already looking forward to my next visit!!
Oishi!! Parking is a bit limited on the outside, and it doesn't look like much as a corner spot to a small strip mall looking building, but it is seriously adorable on the inside! I was warmly greeted by the service staff when I arrived and the server was prompt at greeting us at the table. They were offering a daily special for 2, but we opted to order off of the regular menu. If you're looking for something super delicious for starters, do NOT leave without having the sailboats. The sailboats are a MUST! Salmon filled with cream cheese on a toothpick with a thin slice of apple make these sushi sailboats not just tasty, but cute. They had a great sushi selection and everything just tasted clean, fresh and delicious. Overall I had a wonderful experience on everything from service, to drinks to sushi and quite easily this has become one of my favorite sushi places. :)
I would give kabooki 6 stars if they allowed it.  I LOVED this place was visiting Orlando for labor day weekend and just stumbled across this restaurant on Yelp.  I followed everyone's suggestion and made reservations which this place looked busy from the minute we walked in so definitely make reservations.  We started with the garlic and salt edamame absolutely delicious very garlically so if you're on a first date may want to stay away from.  We ordered several appetizers the chef special was a wagyu beef roll absolutely amazing.  The portions are small which I love gives us the opportunity to try several different things. Our waiter was awesome Dimitri made some great suggestions I absolutely just loved the experience at Kabooki will definitely be going again when I'm back in the area. I posted a few pictures of the meals we had everything was beautifully presented. The flaming creme Brule yum.  It's funny when you pull up you will say this place doesn't look like much but when you walk in its a nice restaurant with just absolutely amazing food!! You must Try it!! Lucky Orlando folks to have such an amazing restaurant in there city.
What a great experience from start to finish. I took the recommendation of sitting at the bar and am glad I did. We had the Crudo made with cobia to start and, it was light, fresh, and delicious. I loved all of the citrus flavors used in the dishes. They went perfectly with the seafood. My friend and I were saying how we usually don't have a problem choosing what we want for dinner at a sushi restaurant but, we did here! Everything sounded amazing. For dinner we had the Hawaii XO, Gundam, Special Rainbow and Louis Vuitton rolls; two rolls with brown rice and two with white rice. All of them were amazing! We did not think we could finish them all but, we did :) They did not even need to be dipped in soy sauce or any sauce. They were delicious and flavorful without it. For dessert we ordered bacon ice cream and forbidden sticky rice, mango and coconut ice cream. Wow! I loved how they were not too sweet and had a mixture of sweet and tart flavors. The pastry chef was awesome and gave us two more desserts to try: lemon curd ice cream with pistachio cake and toffee and strawberry champagne sorbet. He said we inspired his next dessert creation! Even the Malbec I ordered was wonderful. The owner and chef was only 23 years old and was making the food right in front of us. Everyone was very kind and friendly. You could tell they were all passionate about what they did. It was fun to sit at the bar and watch them make the food. I highly recommend this place and am excited to go back and try more!
Some of the best sushi I've had in Orlando. Very fresh, creative roll choices and a great happy hour. They have a number of rolls and appetizers in the $4-$5 range during happy hour. They also offer edamame with roasted garlic, which is something one can easily develop an addiction to. The ambiance is very un-Orlando-strip-mall-sushi; the walls are pink, there is cool art and it reminds me of something you would see in a bigger city. Very modern and fresh. It's also a good place for kids, as good as a sushi place can be for kids. It's not a tiny location, although it is small, but they have a number of booths which make wild children easier to contain.
Okay, so I'm a huge cheapo. Kabooki is not for people like me. The sushi is pricier than other sushi places in the area, but don't let that deter you! I'm a huge fan of taking myself out to dinner since I like to just observe and unwind while stuffing my face. With that said, the bar is pretty small, but it's a front row seat to where the ~magic~ happens. The kitchen was moving as smoothly as a kitchen can (anyone who's ever worked foodservice can attest to that) and the head chef clearly knew what he was doing. I couldn't stop watching him and his team prepare dish after dish with impeccable presentation. I ordered a basic Cali and Spicy Tuna roll just to be on the safe side. They were prepared relatively quickly, considering how crowded the place was, and the sous-chef handed them to me personally. Both were on about the same level as Bento in quality, and I love Bento's sushi. But let's talk about the important things: dessert. I judge a full service restaurant by its dessert selection. More specifically, its creme brulee and bread pudding. Usually I'm disappointed (ice cream! fudge volcanoes! super sticky and sickeningly sweet cake from the freezer section at Winn Dixie!), but Kabooki delivered. Instead of taking the traditional mochi ice cream and fried cheesecake route that most sushi joints offer up, Kabooki offers things like flaming creme brulee and Drunkey Monkey bread pudding. I got the bread pudding, and I'm still reveling in the afterglow. If you don't go for anything else, go for the dessert. TREAT YO SELF.
Wait on Friday was a little bit long but the food was well worth it! Sushi was really tasty and half the price of that of comparable ones in NYC. Desserts were amazing. My friend and I ended up paying $90 per person cuz we loved it so much and ate too much!
Very creative and fresh approahc. beautiful dishes that taste jsut as great as they look. Make a res, it's tiny and popular.
Do yourself a favor and sit at the bar! The chefs go out if their way to suggest and explain what they are making. The kimchi edamame was out of this world. The Hawaiian XO roll and the smoking double T were insane! They also had a kimchi roll that was very good! To end it off they had bacon ice cream and candied quinoa. Umm...yummy!
kabooki sushi is the real deal. it feels weird to pay pretty steep prices for sushi wedged between a payday loan place and some other weird businesses in a strip center...but the food is really REALLY good. every gift has a price. the interior feels fresh and new. it's quite tiny though, so definitely make a reservation. every single thing we ate was flavorful and unique. the rolls are a decent size and the ingredients all taste super fresh. the scallop appetizer is crazy delicious...but it is seriously one scallop, for $13. the salads are very nice and decent sized. i am aching to try the pork belly next time i go. and sadly the tuna tataki was no longer on the menu, but i am hopeful for it to come back. it is definitely worth it to check this place out!
Amazing food and atmosphere.  We went on a Thursday night and the place was packed. Make sure to have reservations. We used Open Table. I ordered M13 and it was delicious. They even had rice paper as I can't stand seaweed paper. We had the chicken satay hot plate and it was quite tasty too. We ended the evening with the drunkey monkey desert which was a perfect end to date night. This will definitely go to the top of my list as a top best for sushi.
I've had good experiences at Kabooki Sushi, but I've had better sushi elsewhere.   One thing that really disappoints me is their ginger and wasabi.  The ginger is dyed pink (like most sushi restaurants) and I'd prefer if they left the dyes out.  The wasabi just isn't strong enough.  Overall, it's good sushi but not the best. Pros:  friendly and quick service, ability to make rolls on request Cons: expensive, ginger/wasabi aren't great
I love this place. The sushi is always fantastic and fresh. The people are very friendly and attentive. This is one of my favorite spots.
After reading all the reviews on Yelp, I decided to give this new sushi restaurant a try. I really like the decor and the atmosphere. The chef/owner is a young man who was extremely friendly. The staff and service was definitely 5 star. Thank being said- the food really is just OK. It is nothing spectacular or out of this world. I have definitely had better sushi. I did enjoy the C-13 dessert. It was chocolate, creamy, and delicious. Everything here is priced too high for the portion. I live in Miami and so I am generally used to that; however, I just can't accept that from an Orlando restaurant. Definitely worth a shot, but probably will only go back to try their happy hour.
Well, well what do we have here? We have been city  dwellers for 10 years and this new kid on the block rocks! Orlando has a lot of great sushi to offer so the bar is set high but Kabooki meets that standard and exceeds with some of their unique specialties. We had smokey double T and chill roll and tuna carpaccio- delicious. Great food.... Ambiance ... Not so good, but  who cares with food like this! Really.
This is a small restaurant and you can see the entire restaurant from the front door. The tables are pretty close together so beware of that. The service is extremely friendly and helpful, the hostess is super sweet and out server was attentive and helpful.  We asked for a lot of recommendations by asking for a recommendation from each section and he was glad to answer. The sushi I would probably give a 3/5. Maybe it's because I only had rolls but they were mediocre.  The flavor wasn't as intense or as complex as I thought they would be but the peices held together and the rice was prepared nicely.  The fish on the table next to me looked extremely fresh. Mr. Mario was ordered from the hot side and was cooked well. The mushrooms weren't over cooked and had a nice flavor. The desserts is where it's gold for me. I had the drunky monkey, which was a banana bread pudding with ice cream.  Everything complimented each other very nice. My roommate had the dessert with lemon, which was a bit too tarte for her and I. Over all the food was okay, maybe there was too much hype for us. But service is great and the atmosphere is nice.  More leaning towards 3.5 stars out of 5. But I bumped it up to four for the service.
*****you have to 100% try this place!****** Pros: Food!   Sushi, appetizers, gastro pub style entrees!   All are delicious!  (Freshest salmon sashimi in the whole wide world) Extensive sake menu! Interior decor, chill music friendly staff. Cons: Parking - limited
Wow, the chefs have talent and their food is fancy and delicious.  It's a bit pricey and I understand skilled chefs and quality food should be this way. Just wish the portions could feed an American adult.  The restaurant is noticeably shooting for outstanding ambiance, but should realize shifty, tiny booths are degrading.  KISS
Not what I was expecting. Usually, when I go out for Sushi, I want to see what rolls the house might have come up with. While Kabooki has several interesting choices, there were no real choices for a true raw roll. Nearly everything on the menu was tempura fried or krab, or portions of beef. We ended getting a rainbow roll, which was delicious but the portions were rather small. Don't come here with intent to share. The service was spot on though, and was a great experience. We had an excellently skilled waiter, with a great knowledge of the menu, and very personable.
Kabooki Sushi (a play on "kabuki," the ancient Japanese theatre art-form), is probably one of the most exciting - and one of my favorite sushi places - in Orlando right now. Located at the corner of Maguire Blvd and Colonial Drive near the Fashion Square Mall inside a rather drab strip mall - its exterior looks deceive the many splendors which lay within. Even the interior decor is unexpected: white seats and banquettes, a full open view of the kitchen area where you can watch the chefs and staff at work, playfully at work, making their dishes for the night. Owner-Chef Henry Moso is no stranger to the restaurant world - his family has long been in the Japanese restaurant business, and he has also worked in the kitchens of many of Central Florida's finest restaurants including Prato and Luma on Park. The ingredients and flavors are all top rate here at Kabooki Sushi and the dishes are prepared with expert care. One of the more expensive rolls here is the Louis Vuitton roll ($17.00) - a decadent "surf and turf" roll consisting of king crab meat, tempura flakes, asparagus, and orange chili sauce topped with blow torched wagyu beef, Italian black truffle salt, creme fraiche, 24k gold flake drizzled with Faux nagi sauce. Menu sample - Kurabuta Pork Belly and Tamaki Seasoned sushi rice - Braised 'snake river farms' pork belly, micro basil, tempura shallot MOSO 5.0 Sashimi - 5 pieces sashimi of today's catch with 5 special sauces toppings, and micro greens "Smoking Double T" ($12) - spicy tuna tartare, avocado and cilantro - escolar, jalapeños, spicy mayo and sriracha sauce. Lobster Dainamaito "Dynamite" - Shisen tobanjian aioli, smelt roe, chive, micro cilantro. Served on crispy shrimp cracker with celery and yuzu tartare dipping sauce - a creamy, crunchy buffalo style lobster dish C-4 Flourless chocolate cake with Madagascar bourbon vanilla ice cream, black lava salt. Drunkey Monkey - Banana bread pudding, banana bread beer ice cream with bourbon sabayon sauce Ice Cream Omakase - (3 scoops). All made in house - Caramel ice cream topped with toasted almonds, green tea with flue de sel salt, red miso with toasted peanut
Went on a date here with her reccomendation and my experience wasn't anything out of the ordinary.  I must say that the service was pretty good. Our server was very attentive and helpful,  though I already know what in ordering when I come to these Asian fusion places.   Ordering the tuna, Saba and octipus nigiri, I found the seafood quality to be sufficient and the rice to be good.  I just wish the bar stools didn't feel like I was going to bust my face on the bar top.  Seriously, get rid of those stools.  The people next to me kept bumping into me.  I'll definitely grab a table if I find myself here next time. If you're into lots of expensive cuts thrown into one sushi roll, I guess their menu would be right up your alley. I simply cannot find the appeal for it.  Their nigiri options are sufficient, though I was taken aback that they didn't have tamago.  I'd love to try the blue fin tuna next time seeing how I didn't hate their regular tuna quality. Seriously, those bar stools need to go.
Be sure to make a reservation! This tiny yet charming place is delicious and apparently everyone knows it. We walked in to a very busy yet friendly hostess who showed us to the last available booth, then ordered hot sake. We got the evening started with the Hamachi Carpaccio and Kazan Scallop tastings, and both were incredible. The carpaccio is sprinkled with delectable habanero salt, and the scallops are sitting atop buttery roti. For the main course, we split the Hawaii XO and Hot Lava rolls. The lemon zest was a perfect addition to the Hawaii roll, which also included yellowtail, avocado and tempura shallots. If you love rendered bacon and crab (who doesn't?) then the Hot Lava is right up your alley. For dessert, we split a mango martini and tried the Bangkok Dreams, which is sticky rice and coconut ice cream. Needless to say, it did not disappoint, and I'm not even a fan of sweets usually. It's a little pricey but excellent sushi that I dare say is some of the best in Orlando. Can't wait to come back again!
Ahhh, Sushi.  Besides pizza and ice cream, sushi is one of the things I crave most often.  I heard from Lydia C. about the great happy hour specials Kabooki had, so I had to check it out!  Unfortunately, I went on a Friday and their happy hour is only Sunday-Thursday (5-7pm)... well played Kabooki.  It was a bit of a bummer, but we still ate, drank, and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly.   I ordered the Sumo roll, miso soup and seaweed salad and was quite pleased.  The only complaint my table had was that it was too dark... wonderful mood setting for a date night, but not too nice for those people, not naming names, trying to battle aging and refusing to wear glasses.   It does get quite busy on a Friday night, so if you're looking to have a long drawn out conversation after dinner, you might want to take it elsewhere because the server will pressure you out of the table.  It's business, nothing personal, I understand. Don't forget to check in on Yelp!  Free hot sake!
One if my favorite sushi places in Orlando hands-down. The service has always been consistently great and the seafood is always fresh. Hawaii XO & Zen are my too favs. I just wish they had more rolls with cream cheese in them!
I have to reiterate what other yelpers have said, that the outside of Kabooki does not give the place justice. I've been driving by this place since it opened earlier this year. I prejudged it being in an awkward location. After seeing it as a ROTD, I gave it a second thought. Then when I got home, my wife suggested going there for dinner, without even knowing it was a ROTD. Coincidence? Upon entering, you are greeted by a hostess. I happened to recognize her as working at Tijuana Flats before. I'm not sure if she was a permanent hostess and maybe a waitress too, because I thought I saw different people welcoming people in. Maybe they share the position. We arrived at about 6:30 and the place was less than a 1/4 full. It was a Tuesday. They had some reservations expected, but we had plenty of tables to choose from. The waiter explained that some people from Cask and Larder were visiting, as if they were VIPs. By the end of stay, the place was about 3/4 full. The waiter said their Tuesday's crowd does vary. I felt like everyone was on a date or a double date. The place had the setting for it too. It was a younger hipper crowd, maybe 20's and early 30's, but all dressed nicely casual. They have at least 3 TVs and were playing a cooking show on all. Now to the food. It's happy hour until 7. What especially made it happy are the low prices and huge happy hour selections! I'm going to exaggerate, but I remember at least 50 items on it. I only ordered drinks and was very happy with my Kiri Mango and Strawberry infused sake, at $3 and $4 respectively. For appetizers, I ordered miso soup, which came with slices of mushrooms, making it extra special. My wife ordered the seaweed salad, which was basically what we've had at other sushi places. For entrees, we shared the Biggie and Vietnamese summer Rolls. I prefered the Biggie over it. I think because I was expecting actual rice and the Vietnamese was a rice paper. I was still hungry at the end and we ordered the Drunkey Monkey. It was smaller than I expected, but was also dense. It did have a good taste though. Some tips for getting your car here. The easiest is Eastbound on 50, past Maguire and entering from the front. But from behind, you can go through the Colonial Landing shopping plaza. Just drive between where Pizzeria Del Dio and the storage place is, and you can wiggle your way through the back of their parking lot.
Any sushi place that has ingredients like rendered bacon and habanero salt are going to keep me coming back. Don't skip the reservation though, it's a tight location, but totally worth the wait.
I almost don't want to write this review because I don't want to see the place overrun and not be able to get a table, BUT...this is by far the BEST sushi I have ever had, and I consider myself a sushi connoisseur. Everything is made in-house, even the soy sauce. The chefs care so much about their work that they ask patrons not to use the amazing soy sauce until they have tried each type of sushi on it's own, as each is carefully crafted with unique flavor profiles. The desserts are also phenomenal. drool...can't wait to return.
Food was good but not excellent. Myy husband and I attended this restaurant on a Friday evening about 6:45pm. First very poor parking space, then they told us that they had no available reservations and that the next table will be available at 7:45pm. There were several open tables... I pulled my "OpenTable app" and I completed a reservation for 7:15pm!... Very poor service after they saw me walking back in, the sushi was good but that was not AAA quality (compared to Shari). Would I go back?, for lunch, maybe!
Food was excellent! The menu was short and sweet, but still had variety. The service was on top of there game and would check in right when you were in need. I thoroughly enjoyed the tapas style bites because it gives you the option to pick multiple dishes. The only con was there was not a liquor bar.
Several months after my initial review I feel like it's time for an update. Happily, I've got nothing but good things to say about my latest visit to Kabooki. I wanted to go a different route this time, so I passed over the rolls and went with an appetizer and some nigiri.  I started with the tuna kobachi, an old favorite of mine but something I've never ordered here.  It was beautifully presented in the center of a large bowl with slices of fresh avocado on top and diced cucumber alongside, and the tuna was lightly coated in roe and hot sauce.  It's definitely one of the better tuna kobachi dishes I've had in town. I also ordered the hamachi toro nigiri and the salmon nigiri. Both were excellent. This was my first time trying yellowtail belly, so I don't have much to compare it to -- but if you love yellowtail like I do, you'll definitely love the yellowtail belly!  The salmon nigiri was excellent as well; the color was beautiful and the fat lines were thin with just a tiny bit of "stretch" in them, exactly how I prefer it. I could have ordered nothing else but several of these and I would have been a happy camper. I almost never eat dessert, but I remember our waitress telling us on a previous visit that we HAD to try one of the desserts.  So I put an order in for the C-4, a flourless chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream. The cake was dense and flavorful, just the right size, and with the ice cream it was a perfect end to the meal.  If you like chocolate, this is the dessert for you. Our waiter provided great service, especially considering it was a packed house with even more people waiting for a table. We got a free hot sake with Yelp check-in, which was also a nice surprise.  Too often, it seems, I'll visit a restaurant right as it's getting started and I'll be wowed by the quality and the service, only to find some months down the road that either or both of those things have taken a nose-dive for whatever reason.  Not here though. Kabooki is still doing it right, and judging by the 30-minute wait for a table on a Monday night, I'm not the only one that thinks so. (And yeah, I'd recommend reservations!)
This place is busy busy on a Friday night. You can tell some people are in the weeds. lol With a short wait, we were seated at the bar. The hostess actually forgot to give us menu so we were sitting there for a few minutes staring at the sushi chefs make their creations. There is one particular chef that seems to have a great flow, dancing his way of his sushi art to complete for you. Our server finally greeted us and provided us some menus. Don't forget to check-in on the yelp app to get your free warm sake! I'm not a great fan of warm sake so my facial reactions downing it must be horrid lol We ordered the Wagyu beef for appetizer, Biggie & Louis Vuitton for our sushi rolls and Bangkok Dream for our sweet ending. The Wagyu beef app was served with a very hot stone that you cook on. It was seasoned with some black salt and came with ponzu sauce mixture. The beef takes less than 30 seconds to cook. Definitely don't want to overcook this delicious meat! Med-rare is the way to go. If you are a fan of escolar, you will be fan of the Biggie. It was nice and creamy with a touch of crunch. The Louis Vuitton melts in your mouth like butter! Our Bangkok Dream is a mango sticky rice with coconut ice cream. It was a long wait for this one, as they were getting more backed up, but I say it was worth it. Instead of the norm of white jasmine rice, it came with black rice I want to say. The mango wasn't as ripe as I prefer it to be, but it can be overlooked by the coconut ice cream. I'm not a huge fan of coconut but their ice cream was yummmmy. Definitely would like to come back when its not so busy and try the pork belly!
Came here for the first time with family (sister, best friend, and girlfriend) and vodka in my belly after a good movie ( wolf of wallstreet ). We got the sashimi and sushi platter, wagyu, pork pot belly, hamachi kama?,  ikura, and the mackerel especially was very good. Somewhat small portions for a couple of the dishes but my sister highly recommended it and it was definitely something we all enjoyed :)) There's also a small bottle of sake that comes with the meal if you check in! :D Henry the chef is also really nice and we highly recommend laurel. Definitely a place to revisit...
Went here on a last minute sushi craving on a Friday night with my fiance.  The place was packed, so we sat at the bar.  I parked the car and let my fiance walk in first and when I sat down she hadn't got the menu's yet.  Then the waiter came up to us and was about to give us water, but said "hey you didn't get any glasses yet?"  I was like no, and we didn't get any menus yet either.  So the server then gave us what we needed. Usually when I sit at the bar at different Japanese restaurants the chefs tend to interact with you, and make small talk.  Not here though.  We never got any interactions.  Maybe they were just so busy that they couldn't conversate, but I think that if they did it would make the bar experience more enjoyable.  The server never did introduce himself to us and never told us about any specials.  I didn't know they had any specials until he told the people who sat next to us. I'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 2 because the food was outstanding.  We ordered a Waygu beef seared on a rock stone at the table.  The Waygu beef was fantastic and melted in our mouth.  We also ordered 2 rolls which were great as well.  The fish was nice and fresh.   Over all the food was fantastic, but the service was mediocre.  I will have to think about coming back again to give the place another try, but if I do it will be on a night not so busy.
I like this restaurant because the sushi rolls are innovative and tasty, without being overly Americanized. They have a good selection of rolls that aren't all stuffed with cream cheese. There aren't 5 different types of volcano rolls loaded with krab. Everything I've had has been fresh and delicious. The few appetizers I've tried have been wonderful (although a little small, which is fine, but it's good to know if you're ordering for a few people). Desserts here are fantastic too! Staff has been very friendly each time I've been. And to top it all off, everything is priced very reasonably. One thing to be aware of: it's very small inside and they have been very busy so you have to make a reservation!
I wanted to love Kabooki, but there's some problems here that hopefully will be addressed. Primary problems: meh-quality warm fish, loose rolls, and really awful service. Yikes, I hate even having to say this...so here's the narrative. We came in on a slow Sunday night, and we're barely in the door when the hostess asks if we have reservations. There's only 4 tables taken in the restaurant. We say no and she says, no problem (yay?) and seats us at at center table next to a loud, large group of people, making us feel in the way of the wait staff, and way too close to the folks already there. We should have asked for a booth, there were plenty open, but the reservation inquiry made us timid. We went for sushi, and looking over the selection of rolls were struck by the dominance of tempura. Tempura is great, don't get me wrong, but it was hard not to order two tempura-based rolls if you wanted a variety of fish (tuna, salmon, eel). It was a good thing we needed time to assess the menu, because our drinks took 10 minutes, and when they came my tea was cold. The ginger salad was the highlight of the meal. Really it's the best thing we had. Miso soup was just okay. When the rolls came (Double T, en Fuego, Night/Bankok), we loved the presentation. Digging in, though...the fish topping on the Bangkok roll was "off" -- way too fishy, in a bad way. The "white fish" on the Double T was like shoe leather and seemed to be cut with a sledge hammer, and the en Fuego roll was coming apart. Sigh. Reviews raved about the desserts, so we ordered the flourless chocolate cake and banana bread pudding. These took 20 minutes to come out. We almost left. But, I got more cold tea to tie me over and here come the desserts with melted ice cream. I can't recommend the bread pudding. It's like a jello mold. The flourless cake was better, but really, it wasn't great, and definitely not worth the wait. We'll likely return after they've been open a while longer -- but for now, they have some kinks to work out.
I believe I found the best sushi place in Orlando. Although I would call it more of a seafood fusion restaurant rather than a sushi restaurant. The flavors are great and the ideas even greater. The service is good and if you sit at the bar its dinner and a show.
Just tried then out today and they were amazing! The only thing the duck dish wasn't what I was expecting it was a very generic taste wasn't different like I expected. I tasted just like a duck dish I would get at an Asian market for like $7 bucks. I also didn't like the grimmie taste that the duck let in my mouth. The sushi was fantastic though. I had the bookibooki, Hawaii xo, the zen and the chef special( Shhhhhh it's a secret!) :D
I had passed by the small shopping strip that Kabooki Sushi resides in daily, but never had given it a thought to stop by until a friend mentioned to me that they had an amazing experience here. I had booked a reservation several days prior through Yelp. On the day of the reservation, a female had called me from Kabooki to confirm my reservation. She pronounced my last name right, which already impressed me without even stepping into the actual restaurant itself! haha I came in with a group of six. We were promptly seated by the hostess. The restaurant is very modern looking and it seemed as though I was in some chic restaurant downtown, rather than being across from the Fashion Square Mall.  Our server was nice, and was knowledgeable about the menu. But it did seem at times that talking was a chore, or forced because he was trying to get out all the information to us. Seemed he was trying hard to remember what to say (which he did a great job at remembering!) Our food came out in a timely manner, and also was presented very beautifully. And... it also tasted amazing! I decided to go with the chef special for the night, which was tuna on a roll with cream cheese and... other stuff. (Sorry. bad memory about what the rolls consisted of) It was great. Had some sort of vinaigrette on top of the roll along with microgreens. Desert was presented well and was beautiful. But honestly, with the amount of cakey brownie there was... not sure if it was worth 8 bucks. Wrapping things up, I had a great experience was Kabooki and will visit again.  TIP: Be sure to check-in on Yelp.... you get a free warm sake!! =]
I stopped in to check out the happy hour specials.  I checked in on yelp of course and received a free small warm sake!  The restaurant is clean and has a fun atmosphere.  On the tvs they had netflix on playing Jiro Dreams of Sushi.  The service was excellent.   My husband and I split five of the happy hour $4-$5 sushi rolls:  salmon/avocado with ginger scallion (my favorite), eel/avo/bacon, spicy tuna, scorpion and the sumo.  Each roll comes with 5 pieces.  They were all very delicious!  I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the happy hour food and the desserts!
Dropped in for dinner on a Monday night with a party of 7. The restaurant was pretty full for a Monday night but they sat us right away. He had the chicken satay and baby octopus and tomatoes plus some garlic edamame for apps. All were very good, although I did not try the octopus. Someone order a cut of yellowtail, still on the bone which was excellent. I tried the Louis Vuitton roll because it seemed so unique -- with king crab and Waygu beef. Server was very accommodating to my friend with gluten intolerance but missed some of our empty glasses.  All and all the good was great, restaurant was clean and fun music, and I would go back!
Located on colonial on a strip mall, Inside looks nice and was unexpected, it's modern and decorations were interesting, food was great. I got the Hawaii XO, Spider Roll. Hawaii XO was citrusy. My girlfriend got the Ghost Roll and Loup De Mer. My favorite out of the 4 would probably be the Ghost Roll (Liked the sweet chili sauce) The Hawaii XO wasn't far behind either. Service was good, server was nice and asked if we needed anything a couple times. 5 Stars, will come back in the future!
Five visits later and we still love Kabooki! I have settled in to my 'usual' of Ginger Lemonade, the Zen roll, a miso soup appetizer, and either the Bangkok Dreams (mango and coconut dessert...delicious and inventive) or the C-4 (chocolate deliciousness).  I'd recommend the Bangkok Dreams dessert if mangos are in season, just because you can't anything like this dessert anywhere else.  Get yourself to Kabooki!
Was in town for a conference and asked if a sushi place was within walking distance. Was referred here with no idea what to expect. Arrived during happy hour and enjoyed three delicious rolls for under 10 bucks.  If you are staying at any of the near by hotels and are looking for some good sushi check out this place"
This new sushi place just opened within the last month or so and is located on the corner of East Colonial and McGuire. The quality of the fish is superb and fresh. The atmosphere is great.  The location on the corner of Maguire and East Colonial may deter some but the quality of the food outweighs the location.  I have been twice since the restaurant opened.   I finally have found a place in Orlando with quality fish. I have not tried all of the sushi places in Orlando but I think the quality of the fish here beats Seito, Amura, Dragonfly, and Wazzabi. They have nightly hot and cold specials. The first time I went, I had both specials - the three piece yellow tail special and the pork belly special. Both were delicious. The Hawaii Roll had a great combination of citrus flavors with Hawaiian pink salt. For pictures from the first visit, see eatliveeatmore.blogspot.…. The second time I went, we sat at the sushi bar and ordered Omakase style (Chef's choice) and shared a six course meal.  The Louis Vuitton roll is delicious.  The sashimi sampler had a different sauce for each type of fish and the uni was delicious. The chef/owner makes his own ice cream and loves to experiment.  That night, he served us salmon cured ice cream with salmon skin, which sounds awful, but was surprisingly delicious.  He also let us sample banana beer bread ice cream that he made that night.   The prices may be higher than other places but the higher prices fits the higher quality of fish.  I hope they keep up the quality of the fish!
Excellent sushi.  Lots of creative dishes.  Sit at the sushi bar if you can, the chefs are entertaining.
Wife and I decided to check out Kabooki upon a recommendation from a friend.  What could be a better occasion than the first day of October?!  We arrived around 7:30.  The place was somewhat empty and we were seated immediately.  I checked in with Yelp and, to my pleasant surprise, received a free serving of warm sake.  How cool is that?  Thanks, Yelp! Kabooki is not a traditional sushi place, but rather a fusion of asian fare with modern interpretation of sushi.  Everything we ordered was fresh and delicious.  Tsunami Sailboats contained house cured Scottish Salmon wrapped with blue lump crab, held together by a toothpick with a thin green apple slice acting as a sail.  Original, but I wish the inedible toothpick was substituted with a spring of chive or something edible. Baked Mussels with house spicy aioli was another tasty dish.  The mussels were first cooked, then chopped and mixed with the aioli.  The crispy tortilla chips were excellent, not too crispy and made for a great vessel to scoop up the mussel goodness. We ended up ordering three rolls: Smoking Double T, Hawaii X.O. and One Night in Bangkok.  Wife enjoyed all of them, particularly the originality of the One Night In Bangkok which tasted like a Thai curry on a sushi roll.  My favorite was the Hawaii X.O. which had a great citrus flavor and was well accentuated with hawaiian pink salt on top. For dessert, we had a C-4 and a Drunkey Monkey.  C-4 was a flourless chocolate cake with bourbon vanilla ice cream.  Think fancy molten chocolate.  Tasty but too sweet.  Perhaps a more original chocolate dessert would fit the menu better.  Drunkey Monkey was a banana bread pudding with banana bread beer ice cream.  Great if you like bananas (we do).  Also, just the right amount of sweetness. All in all, Kabooki Sushi was a very pleasant surprise and will become a place of many returns for us.  This isn't your typical corporate Orlando sushi place (think Nagoya, Amura).  The only place that comes close is Sushi Pop in Oviedo, but Kabooki is much closer for the Orlando crowd.  I hope Kabooki continues on its fresh and adventurous path.
We went for lunch and felt it was decently priced considering we were full. I am more of a sushi purest, and this is kinda the step between over sauced, cooked gringo sushi and traditional sushi. Menu was a little overly complicated and a little pompous. The service was very attentive, (a little too attentive) but you could tell they were just trying to make the best experience. It's brand new, it just needs to work out some kinks. The food was good though, definitely go back for happy hour or lunch special... Little pricey for Dinner.
I went in with zero expectations as I didn't hear or read any reviews.  All I knew is it was a sushi place that I haven't been to yet.  And wow, what a pleasant surprise.  We randomly picked 3 rolls from the menu and all 3 were delightful.  This might be my new favorite sushi spot in town.  I'll definitely go back.
** A little too cool for school. ** We dropped in to Kabooki Sushi recently based on positive Yelp and local word-of-mouth. We'll most likely be back after a pause to see if the food and service improve. Kabooki is located in a small hole-in-the-wall space, which bodes well in my book, and a step inside reveals some cheeky attention to design detail. Anime streams on flatscreens on the wall, and the tight seating arrangement is nevertheless comprised of comfortable, attractive furniture. We weren't offered a booth in the half empty space, apparently because we didn't have a reservation. The booths never filled up, so seating us at a small table right on top of a large party came off as a bit petulant on the part of the hostess, who seemed slightly put out we hadn't called ahead. The waitstaff was friendly, and we appreciated the tableside visit from the equally friendly sushi chef, whom we presumed may be the proprietor as well. Service, however, was achingly slow -- strange given it wasn't a busy night. We started with a Kabooki salad and a Miso soup. The salad rocked -- full of great greens, beautiful tiny mushrooms, thinly sliced cucumber, sweet, flawlessly fresh plum tomatoes, and a perfectly tart, fresh-tasting ginger dressing, served in a beautiful oblong dish. It may have been the best ginger salad I've ever been served. The Miso's fat, chewy mushrooms were just okay. Everything on the menu sounds delicious, if a little overwrought -- there's an obvious effort at Kabooki to create some interesting rolls with unusual ingredients like cilantro and jalepeno peppers. We ordered three rolls, which came after a substantial delay. "One Night in Bankok," for which I had high hopes, featured a Thai red curry and was okay overall, but the added fish chunks sprinkled on top were neither sashimi raw nor fully cooked. The resultant taste and texture was fishy and disturbing. The supposedly mega-spicy Double T with jalepeno and Siracha was decent, but was topped with a curiously rubbery, thickly cut whitefish and was actually quite mild, to the point of requiring a good dousing of soy and wasabe to have much flavor at all. En Fuente was a  much better roll, by far the best of the three -- a beautifully presented greens-wrapped roll with sweet apple that served as a good palate cleanser -- helpful after the other two mediocre rolls. Dessert took a long, long, loong time to arrive and was not particularly worth the wait. My flourless chocolate cake was the better of the two, nicely presented with drizzled chocolate sauce and cocoa power to sprinkle on the tasty scoop of ice cream. My partner's bread pudding was the same size and shape (perhaps not made on site?) and lacked any discernible flavor. She ate the ice cream and shared my cake. Acceptable, but weak for $8 desserts. Perhaps we hit Kabooki on an off night. It was slow and the weekend was winding down. The green tea was cold, the beer was warm, and the food overall, excepting the outstanding salad and the En Fuente roll, just seemed tired. The modest meal for two came to $80 with tip. Not hugely pricey, but we've had much tastier sushi, more enthusiastically served, for $20 less. We came away with the impression Kabooki may, on this night anyway, have been working harder on being hip (and a wee bit pretentious) than on producing really superior sushi. But it wasn't terrible, and the menu was sufficiently interesting that it's likely worth another shot. Who knows, maybe next time we'll make a reservation and score one of those empty booths.
I went to Kabooki Sushi with my son and we were blown away!  The decor is very cool.  You feel like you could be in a little restaurant in Manhattan.  It was Thursday night around 9pm and it was buzzing in there.  But even though it was busy the service was excellent!!  We tried several rolls and the Gundam and double smokin T were amaZazing!  But even a simple California roll that we ordered tasted so fresh and delightful.  Our server told us that the sushi is from a spear fisherman on the coast and is caught that day.  Fresh!  We also got the Chill roll and loved it too.  When we left a little after 10 pm the place was still packed with happy customers.  Freshest sushi in Orlando!  My new favorite sushi place!
Really tasty sushi, what more can I say. I had the En Fuego and Special Rainbow, both were delicious and had some unexpected flavor surprises to them. Chilly ambience music on a Sat night... Careful, the menu is a little confusing when it comes to prices of Sashimi - it's the 2nd column prices. When I complained first, they took 3$ off my bill for one of my two sashimi orders. When I complained again, they sincerely apologized and explained that the 2nd columns are the actual sashimi prices; in the end, they made me pay the original price. Wasn't entirely happy with that, but oh well. Overall, they were very friendly, so I left it at that.
Best Sushi in Orlando!! Sitting at the bar, watching Chef Henry and Chef Long is the place to sit. The rolls are beautiful, and incredibly creative. Hawaii XO roll with the most beautiful hamachi, and avocado, tempura shallots and lemon confit topped with micro greens.. is so fresh, so tasty.. The Rainbow roll, is seriously like having 4 different rolls, each section masterfully done, all different flavors and toppings. The Kurabuta pork belly dish is banging!!! and the bacon ice cream? Definitely try the specials, they are always different and really amazing. Chef Long made a butternut squash soup too, which was not overly sweet and perfect consistency. These guys are incredible and make you feel like family. The staff is amazing, so friendly and accommodating. It's my new hot spot, and hands down, best sushi around!
Wasn't expecting what I came into when my friend and I visited Kabooki. I thought it was going to be a hole in the wall type look- scattered tables, some random plants, a little run down looking...lol..but I was completely surprised! They did a great job with the limited space they have! I loved the decor! We checked in on yelp. which gave us each a free sake with our meal. I can't remember the app we had; it was a special for the night; something seared with a liver pate...it was delicious! This was followed by 3 rolls; the Oriega (spelling), and 2 rolls from their happy hour menu. We also got their banana pudding, which was good, but I'm not a huge banana pudding fan, so I wouldn't order it again- but all the flavors were great, a nice presentation, and good way to end the meal! I was enjoyed this place, and would certainly return. Wait time is pretty long so be prepared to dine in for a while.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this little place.  Possibly the best sushi in Orlando.  Make sure to save room for the desserts.  They are fantastic - especially the Pistachio cake.  WOW! Try to come with reservations.  Its a small restaurant with very little standing space and no bar.
A totally unassuming location hiding a very good sushi restaurant.  The interior is well decorated, although the limited space can lead to long waits during busy periods. You can tell right off they bat that they put a lot of effort into "style": modern decor, impeccably plated dishes, and just a bunch of little touches that add to the experience.  Luckily, there is also plenty of "substance" to back it up. The sushi was delicious and tasted fresh, with nary a scent of fishiness. Although it took quite a long time to come out during a Friday evening dinner; they could use another sushi chef on the line. The flavored sake was tasty, and the service was very friendly. I hope they plan on rethinking the bathroom area: the rooms themselves are clean and well stocked, but their location next to the rear dishwashing area and random kitchen supplies makes for an uncomfortable wait if the restrooms are in use. Overall, a welcome addition to the local sushi scene, particularly in the Colonialtown area.
I've been here about five times now and each person I've brought with me has fell in love! The menu is a fantastic variety and the qualify of food is outstanding. Both  sushi and desert chefs do an impeccable job at plating and putting TLC in each dish/plate. This place continues to impress me both in taste, quality and service!
The decor blew me away b/c i was so surprised at how nice it was as I expected a something more lowkey based on the simple exterior. It was a delight to sit in the high back white leatherish booths.. I enjoyed the ricepaper sushi rolls (en fuego was lovely)... the Anago was good, the miso soup was very good, and the service was stellar.  I mentioned that they should carry something other than the pink ginger b/c to better coordinate with their overall quality and appeal.   It's a place definitely worth going to if you're in the area!  The service, again, was superb.
By far one of the BEST sushi restaurants I have been too. And very good prices. Not over priced like a lot of sushi places. Food: Amazing!! The fish is so fresh. And the unique flavor fusions the chef creates are so incredible and perfectly balanced. The Hawaii XO roll is a must. Perfect combination of sweet and spicy. Ambiance: It's a small place. Don't let the outside fool you. Very nice decor. Semi-casual. Service: Our server was excellent. Attentive, friendly and efficient. This place will be a must everytime I am In Orlando. Sushi quality is outstanding.
Kabooki is one of those places that you go to because you know you'll get fantastic service and super quality food. Tonight was another night on a list of fantastic experiences. Firstly, the atmosphere is lovely. Super clean and gorgeous interior. Secondly, the service is spectacular. Henry, the owner and sushi chef, is absolutely wonderful. Justin, the manager, is super attentive, helpful and extremely pleasant and willing to handle any situation that may arise. All the servers are great too. There's a Thor look alike who always recommends great dishes and is extremely knowledgable, super sweet and friendly as well. It's always a pleasure dining here because the service is the best I've had anywhere. Now, the food. This is not your dime a dozen sushi joint. Don't come in here looking for some crappy happy hour California roll. This place is attuned to the more superior palate. Incredible dishes range from the unique and mouth-watering sushi rolls (Louis Vuitton, Smoking Double Tuna and ZEN being among my personal favorites) to delectable appetizers (such as the edamame and Mr Mario) to extraordinary desserts (the Drunken Monkey and C4 included.) The drinks are delicious as well (try the shojito- a mojito with sake!) and enjoy the substantial wine selection and beer on tap as well.   In short, this place is worth the drive and every dime you will spend here. Eat, be merry and enjoy Kabooki Sushi.
Bad service. Have made several reservations and they always seem lose our reservations. First time we had to wait 20 minutes, second time we were told to come back in 30 minutes. There won't be a third time. Done with this place!
Great sushi! Need a bigger location! More shrimp and chicken rolls without tempura would be nice!
Found this gem just driving by. WOW!  Orlando has a new class leader in Sushi and Asian Fusion cuisine. Henry, Chang and Pastry Chef Pedro all take tremendous pride in their craft. Every single course was amazing.   Best is to let Henry determine your course.  Tell him what you like and let him create.  Freshest fish I've had in Central Florida.  Great Service too!  Laurel was excellent. Nice cool ambiance.  You must try the Hamachi Tartare.
The sushi is delicious.  It's a little pricey and be advised that Friday and Saturday nights get busy (recommend making reservations). The real downfall is the wait staff.  Now I have only one visit for my experience, but our waitress was not good.  It almost felt like because we didn't purchase a $65 dollar of Sake, we were second class.  If the food is that pricey, I expect exemplary service no matter what the price of Sake we buy.  Because the service was that poor, they get 4 stars instead of 5. We were contacted by Kabooki after our visit and their staff acknowledged their shortfall in the waitress.  Not sure if we will return even with giving them a 4 star rating.
Great place, awesome service, and amazing food. Really the only thing they really have to work on its cost with how much you get.   Either lower the prices or give more food.
This is easily the best sushi I have had in Central FL. Maybe the world. The chef is creative and the food is top notch. Can't recommend enough! Try the Mr. Mario mushroom app for some extreme umami, and the Smoking Double T roll is excellent.
Absolutely the BEST sushi I've eaten in my ten years in Orlando. The outside of the place does not give it the justice it deserves. I started with a sparkling sake.  The edamame w/ sea salt and garlic was to die for. Then our rolls arrived... Bookibooki, Gundam, En Fuego & the "special".... Each one we tasted was as good as the last!! Safe to say we couldn't decide which roll was the best. Our waitress, Eleanor, displayed outstanding knowledge and service. She was also very friendly and charismatic. We finally decided on dessert- Omakase- 3 scoops of ice cream- green tea, miso & caramel w/ toasted almonds- AMAZING!! Definitely will be back!!
Ever since moving back to Orlando 3 years ago, the wife and I have been looking for a sushi place that would satisfy us like our former favorite had. We came here after reading Scott Joseph's review, and were more than pleased to find what we had been looking for. The rolls are uniquely different and, for the most part, don't suffer from the "Taco Bell Effect" (my wife's coined phrase) of recycling ingredients to make different iterations of the same thing. Everything tasted fresh and delightful, especially the Hawaii XO; the inclusion of Hawaiian pink salt and lemon confit was a great touch. The featured dessert was an almond streussel with bacon ice cream and is solely responsible for the 5th star here.
This is one of the best sushi restaurants in Central FL. A very high end feel with chic furniture and the food presentation is superior. I've lived in LA for a good part of my life and this restaurant would fit right in. One thing I will point out that some of my guests weren't too found of were the portions were a little smaller then what they expected, especially for the price. Other then that, the quality of it all is there. Perfect spot for a date or business meeting.
Place is unassumingly awesome. It is in a stripmall which is kind of awkward and a very bland facade, but they did an excellent of creating a modern look inside. Kind of gives the feel of a hidden treasure when you wlak in and see the place. Excellent rolls that were pretty unusual and somewhat complicated. Definitely recommned teh American Lover, I know it is a weird name but great roll. My only knock is that the waitress checked in on our date about 15 times. I appreciate good service but part of that involves guaging people's intereste especially considering they weren't busy.
This small restaurant is a hidden gem located on 50 right across from the Fashion Square Mall. I've passed by this place so many times and never thought to try it out until a group of my friends took me here.  The dishes were presented quite artistically. And taste/quality of the sushi were pretty decent. Tuna Tataki-slices were a bit thin. MOSO 5 piece Sashimi-the dressing added a gentle zesty flavor to the dish, but the pieces were small.   Smoking double T: good amount of meat with a gentle kick of spiciness.
I need more stars  for this restaurant! Gundam and zen roll! The chicken satay bookyi salad..... Oh my God! Everything is good!!
Loved this place! Went on Valentine's Day at it was absolutely perfect! Had the Cobia that was served on a lava salt rock, and was out if this world! The rolls were different than many other sushi places, with so many flavors, we were in sushi heaven! Favorite roll, XO roll. Server was knowledgeable and made great recommendations. Oh, and order sake purée saketini! Definitely 5 stars and go to when in the Orlando area.
Excellent food. Okay service. We will be back!
Simply put, amazing!! Upon entrance, the general setup of the restaurant was very well thought out as were the decorations and color schemes to accent it all. Nice soothing music in the background and dimmed lights were the icing on the cake. Small things like this make a big difference in the overall scheme of things. Now the food. Best sushi I've ever had in my life and I've had a LOT. As are the setup and decorations of this place, the menu ingredients and preparations were very well thought out and precise to combine and give an, for lack of better words, oral orgasm with each bite. Tried six different rolls, a dessert, imported Japanese unfiltered beer, a hot sake and also a cold sake. I would go into detail about the taste of everything but honestly speaking, words won't do enough justice. If you enjoy eating in places that are thorough in detail, structure, pleasure, and innovation from the front door to the bathroom, this place is a must go. Met the owner of this restaurant also, great guy. This place was made, top to bottom, through his eyes and obviously everything about it is a reflection of who he is also. Our waiter was also a great guy, friendly, attentive, and very knowledgable of the menu front to back. In generalization, the owner, design, staff, food, ambiance, drinks and menu here were all top notch. Will be going back soon, maybe I'll see you there!!
Orlando has a new hidden gem, imported from the fusion orient.   The tinted windows and hole-in-the-wall storefront belie the Delicious warm sake and smooth, inviting atmosphere within.   Can one go wrong with Boondocks on the TVs and a chill vibe on surround sound?  I submit that you cannot.   The intimate dining area feels completely separate from the more casual bar. (Which boasts a well rounded selection, bee-tee-dubs.) Not too far from your traditional sushi fare. All your favorites are here, along with a score of new ideas like ginger lemonade and the Gundam roll, which is nerdcore deliciousness all the way.  Do yourself a favor: switch up your sushi this weekend.
Exquisite in all regards; knowledgeable staff, pleasant decor and incredibly fresh, well prepared sushi.   Best I've had outside of NYC
I arrived on a saturday at exactly 5pm not knowing that's the time they open for dinner service.  Sure was happy I did since it quickly filled up. It was the BEST sushi I've ever had!!  Yes it is more expensive than other options in the area but the quality and freshness of the fish along with the innovative combination of ingredients and beautiful presentation are by far well worth the price!!   The restaurant is small with an open kitchen which was cool to see, & yes the tables are close to each other, but the decor and ambiance make it seem larger than it is.  I truly felt like I was back in New York City at a high end restaurant.   Service was attentive and the server was great in making suggestions. Can't wait to go back and will try to leave space to savor one of their homemade desserts.
I had the lunch Sashimi cold taste plate.  I also had the Pork Belly Appetizer.  I found the food very good.  The pork belly was a little too fatty.  The fish was excellent.  It was perfectly fresh and well cut.  The Miso was excellent as well.   I would recommend it for lunch.
We love Japanese food, and this place is terrific. What impressed us most was that the offerings were very unique and very fresh. Try the fresh tuna or the Mr. Mario, which was a wonderful collection of different sautéed mushrooms with balsamic glaze. Our server, Chris, was very attentive and even went out of his way to accommodate our children's requests. Contrary to other reviews, we did not find it overpriced. Good Japanese food is always expensive and this was not inexpensive. However, it was fairly priced for what you get. Enjoy!
I've driven by this place a million times and didn't even realize it was there! It reminds me of Sushi Pop without the characters. Their menu is creative and fun, but terrible for someone with a gluten intolerance. They were able to alter some rolls for me to make it gluten free, but it was pretty blah without the fun gluten-y stuff. I am giving them 4 stars because everyone else in my party was very satisfied with their food and that's what the majority of people would eat. The space is small and fills up fast, so get there early or late to avoid a wait on weekends.
We love Kabooki Sushi. We have been numerous times now, sometimes twice in a week, and it is absolutely consistent and delicious. The ingredients are fresh, the rolls are creative, the appetizers like duck are top notch. Though we have some favorites (Double T, for example), we haven't had anything that wasn't excellent. This place is somewhat similar to Sushi Pop, but better: not as loud, not as gimmicky. I highly recommend this spot.
Ordinarily I avoid fusion food, but lately I have developed a taste for it.  This fusion sushi restaurant is not far from downtown and somewhat of an unassuming hidden gem.  We came around dinner time and were surprised to find that they were not very busy, which is usually not a good sign, but business picked up later in the night.  Their happy hour specials are very reasonable and they have the special of the day which, as the name implies, is only for a day.  We went with that, a sushi roll topped with avocado and topped with eel.  We went with the sashimi as well ($35 for 19 pieces), it was fresh and very good served with premium imported soy sauce.  It was served up in an ice boat, as opposed to the traditional wooden boat seen in most places and interesting touch.  They take their sushi very serious here and their passion shows.  Aside from the sashimi (which is expensive everywhere and had some exotic choices), most the sushi was priced about average of what you would find around.  I would imagine that this place can get busy so I would suggest reservations if you plan to go later.   Overall, good sushi at a competitive price and nice service.
We were extremely impressed with the atmosphere, cleanliness, staff, food options and most of all the desserts!!!! Hands down one of the best sushi bars in the area. We are locals and we look forward to coming back often.
My husband and I didn't particularly see what all the fuss was about. We've had much better sushi with more generous portions for the same price or cheaper. The bookibooki roll was very good, but the louis vouitton and the american lover were pretty boring and non-traditional sushi tasting. Maybe because we ordered take-out instead of sitting down? I know this place is popular, but that's just my two cents...Might try again for a sit down and hope for better results. Left feeling disappointed (and hungry!)
I always leave happy!  Try the Yuku Shrimp - a delicious crab rangoon taste in a slim eggroll shape. Gobbled down a coconut shrimp roll. Asked Jed to make me a surprise roll - all 3, delish!
New stripmall sushi joint is a very pleasant surprise.  Fresh sushi, creative menu selections (try the house-smoked salmon sailboats app), new but friendly helpful server, and a decent sake selection.  We absolutely loved our first experience here and will be going back very soon.
Wow, where do I start with this restaurant? First of all my hats off to the young chef and owner of this place because it is by FAR the best sushi I've ever had, and I've certainly had my fair share. This restaurant isn't for the non-adventurous sushi goers, they don't have your typical Americanized rolls which really separates them from all the other restaurants. The dishes are fun and innovative, and there's always a special or "roll of the day" that if highly recommend trying it, no matter what, you won't be disappointed. I thoroughly enjoy this restaurant and the passion that is clearly present in every plate. From service to taste to plating this restaurant is nothing short of five stars and if you enjoy sushi is it a MUST!
My new Sushi Joint in Orlando! Why say something so bold?  It delivers on taste, atmosphere and price.   I've been to many Sushi Houses and this one delivers a great blend of trend taste! The service was impeccable!  The staff was super nice and attentive, and accommodating. The atmosphere was really nice. Modern, comfortable without feeling haughty and stuck up.  Family friendly joint.  Saw couples, a few families and what seemed like a  few "girls-night" groups.  A really nice diverse population.  The kitchen seems small but it's definitely packin' heat.  Don't be fooled by the exterior, however I hope to see them expand in the future to a bigger location and more parking spaces.  I can see the parking situation become a potential problem in the future. Cuisine.  I REALLY loved their menu! Not overwhelming, easy to follow and read.  They have a good blend of sushi, cold and hot appetizers.  I absolutely LOVE that they experiment with different asian cultures (chinese, japanese, and thai just to name a few).  The braised pork was tender, and flavorful.  The Sushi was delicious!  It wasn't over saturated with rice; the fish was FRESH and proportional.  You were able to taste most of the ingredients that went into the roll.  I loved that their fish portions weren't overwhelming.  They seem to advocate quality over quantity, which is extremely important when it comes to seafood (or any food for that matter haha).   Presentation: 4/5 Taste: 4/5 Price: $5 - $15 (Don't recall seeing anything more expensive than $15 on the food menu, but don't quote me, I could be wrong).  But still reasonable unlike some other "fancy" sushi places. Anyway I'm definitely coming back to try other stuff next time! Keep up the good work Kabooki Sushi!
The menu is a far cry from most sushi and Japanese restaurants in Orlando. Outside of the sushi selections, all hot and cold tastings are served small plate style. There are soups and salads. I know you are not expecting the proverbial "sushi list". That is absent. Their list of rolls make a very impressive attempt at introducing some ingredients that are not common in Orlando. The sashimi and nigiri selections are somewhat similar everywhere. However, judging from the extreme quality of other ingredients I can only assume that there is extra care taken to deliver the freshest and best quality. Are you looking for the tempura ice cream dessert? Not here. They have a pastry chef on staff armed with several dessert items that sound very scrumptious. Full review is too long to post here, go see my blog.
Reviews looked good, so I stopped in on my way home from the office.  Though dressed in a suit and tie, I was treated like a wandering vagrant and asked to leave.  The reason you ask - it was 4:57 (on my iphone) and they don't open until 5.  After such a rude rebuff, it's unlikely I will ever make a return visit.
Eat here... right now!  Chef Henry creates edible art.  Every dish is as beautiful as it is delicious.  If you haven't eaten at Kabooki, then you haven't had real sushi.
Best sushi in town by far! Chef Henry is a genius and service is great and knowledgable. I definitely recommend you check this place out
I absolutely loved Kabooki! Kabooki is one of the best, if not the best, sushi restaurants that I've ever been to. The place is small, but quite cute and modern. There is art all over the walls and it gives you something to look at while you're waiting for your food. There are also tvs playing anime shows all around. The servers are super friendly and helpful. As for the food, it was amazing! Here's the run down on what we ordered: Mushroom salad- super flavorful! Who knew mushrooms could taste so good?! I loved the different textures and types of mushrooms that were in the dish Mixed Tempura- Pretty standard. I did like the different types of veggies that were in the dish Hawaii XO- The best roll that I've ever had. It was light, super flavorful, and had hints of citrus Smoking double T- A great kick of heat paired with the seasonal white fish that calms the spice factor. Very well balanced and texture wise, it was one of my favorites since the slice of jalepeno adds a bit of crisp to the roll Sweet shrimp (as a roll)- The sweet shrimp is really interesting. It was delicate and not very large in size, but super flavorful. Overall, I loved Kabooki and I'd definitely come back. While I did not drink while I was there, I did notice their selection on tap and their wide variety of wines. It's pretty unusual for a sushi place to have beers on tap, but it was great to see a place catering to this market.
Good fun, good service, fun place!
Was in orlando for a conference and drove half an hour to escape the restaurant mostly-wasteland near Disney, and was glad I made the trip. As many have mentioned, the unappealing exterior belies quite the cute restaurant space inside. They had david chang playing on the TVs, which won them some foodie cred. Sat at the sushi bar and ordered the omakase--they apparently usually require a min of two ppl but were kind enough to make it for just lil' ol' me since my dining companion for the evening didn't eat raw fish (and yet I dragged them to a sushi restaurant. so evil of me.) -Starter: kimchi edamame which were served hot, in a large portion, and were quite tasty (if a little messy) -MOSO 5.0 sashimi- 5 pieces of delicious, nicely-presented fish each with a different sauce. Fresh and enjoyable. -Poke-style tuna over salad greens with kimchi sorbet. The kimchi sorbet was actually quite good and went well with the tuna. Generous portion size. -Roll with spicy tuna. Can't remember much about it, aside from the fact that it tasted good, but I was a little on tuna-overload at that point. -Hot course: Kurabuta pork belly with rice. I've never met a pork belly I didn't like, and this was no exception. This was a nice fat chunk of pork. Delicious. -Dessert: A pot of yuzu custard with walnut crumble and topped with meringue, and chocolate ice cream. The yuzu dessert was very nice, like a twist on key lime pie. I also tried a bite of my friend's scallops, which were wonderful. Service was very friendly and it was nice to be able to have some interaction with the chef sitting at the bar. All in all, a very enjoyable meal. A non-traditional take, with fun and creative touches. I found portion sizes quite generous--I am quite..err...voracious...and was too full to finish dessert. I would definitely return, but might order a la carte next time, since I did end up with a very tuna-heavy menu.
Did not give them the five stars because of the portion sized of the nigiri. However, Fish freshness was great and the plating was artful, environment at the restaurant was great and the service was excellent. I recommend coming here when in Orlando and yearning for good sushi away from the tourist trapped Orlando Disney area.
Chef Henry is an artist. You can taste the love he puts into his food.  If you are lucky enough to discover this Orlando gem, please be sure to come on a nice occasion and splurge on the Omakase.  The chef will choose a variety of fresh, unique dishes to serve you, complete with dessert at the end. They sometimes have wine and sake pairings.  We have come for Omakase on a slower night and sat up at the bar where we chatted up a storm with Henry and the other chefs- they are just great people with a passion for what they do. We also came for valentine's day and expected a longer wait- but they anticipated a larger crowd and told us to arrive 20 minutes late. When we arrived we were greeted with two glasses of wine and seated within 5 minutes. The holiday omakase was just heavenly.  Also, there is an in-house pastry chef who makes the most incredible desserts- do yourself a favor and get a couple to share.  We plan to frequent Kabooki for as long as Henry is around-- we fear he's so good that he'll be snatched up by some big-time New York establishment eventually.
I've been to this restaurant about 5 times since it opened and have enjoyed every single visit. The food is delicious, and I'm a particular fan of the LV roll and Phoenix. The Pork Belly is the best I've every had. Ever. Even the desserts are very creative. The scenery is Lounge-y and trendy but very comfortable. Sure, it's a little expensive but the food is fresh and delicious, and the dining experience is always wonderful. Far beyond a "usual sushi joint", at least IMO.
I literally don't sleep at night without thinking about this place. Which is why I'm writing this review at 3 am, tossing and turning thinking about how much I want some tartar right now! Or a Hawaiian XO roll (it'll blow you away) and some of that kabu wayki(the best steak and peppers your momma never made you!). The desert is also out of this world, but I don't think anything at Kabooki sushi is bad....expect maybe when they ask if you have a reservation while the place is empty. I hope that changes for them though, and that one day they'll have a waiting list because they truly do deserve it. A great team of chefs with an Excalibur restaurant! 8D I, literally, can't wait to go back!
It was my first time there a couple of weeks ago and the food was on point! Fresh sashimi!
The servers were courteous. The menu was reasonably priced. They got a happy hour so that's good. The place is crammed, but cozy. A bit loud. As far as taste...delicioso! We had the Hawaiian, sumo, smoking double T, and spider roll. But at the end of it all... way over-priced. I mean they suggest edimame, but they charge $5 bucks for it... it cost like $1 at the market to make that joint. Beer, $7 for 16oz? and $2.50 for a small little cup of tea. I will give this place a 5 stars for originality, they do have very good sushi and dessert. But for one night that hurt my pocket. The overall bill was like $70 bucks for just me and the mrs. They also have a"reservations" thing goin' on as if i have to be part of some special club to dine in here. Dude, it's east colonial!  Also, what the heck were they showing on the TV? the show was frozen and didn't play, so that needed to get fixed. I don't see myself coming back here unless it's happy hour. Bottom line: great food, very original, but if your willing to throw money out like that, go for it. I'll stick to the sushi joint down the corner who make MORE sushi for cheaper and just as good, and they don't have to look all upscale.
Brand new spot, don't be fooled by the strip mall location. Freshest hamachi & amaebi I've ever had in Orlando, and great personal service from the chef. Will definitely be back for the happy hour!
Really creative menu!
You really can't judge a book by it's cover... When I first walked into Kabooki I felt like I should have been downtown... not across from the mediocre fashion square mall. The decor is modern and swanky with nice white leather booths and granite tables.  Girlfriend and I came at 5pm on a Sunday just as happy hour started.  Prices ranged from $4 to $5 a roll and $3 for a two piece order nigiri. Pretty decent prices.  We ordered a few of the happy hour rolls and requested an off menu appetizer from the chef.  I don't remember much from the happy hour rolls, but they were okay.  Our salmon belly tar tare served with bubu rice (crispy puffed rice pellets) seaweed (see picture). As you can imagine the tartare was pretty fatty... which means it was damn good.  The nigiri was good, I feel like the rice was not sticky enough in our nigiri though. The rice nearly broke apart when I picked up each piece. My salmon roe nigiri was a tad fishy than I would normally enjoy. On the other hand, that night the uni was just the way I like it. The uni had a nice texture to it and that perfect umami flavor you expect in uni.   The menu seems to be very creative. I would like to come again to try some of the other rolls and menu items. Maybe even try the omakase to see what the chef can come up for us.
Best sushi around...great atmosphere, super fresh sushi and excellent service. Very unique menu, loved it...highly recommend!
Definitely more than what you'd expect from a strip mall sushi joint when you first walk in. Chic decor, beautiful low level lighting and a few screens on constant loops of something heavily Japanese influenced whether it be cooking shows, Japanese fishing specials or anime. However I find their sushi to be too heavy on citrus flavors. Almost as if they infuse every piece of fish with the flavor of lemon or lime. Not always a bad thing with seafood, but when I have sushi I'd rather taste the fish than the condiments. Still, the ideas and presentation are something to check out, even if just once.
Don't judge a book by its cover. This restaurant is located in a strip mall and it doesn't look like anything special from the outside. However, once inside - this small, cozy little restaurant is decorated very nicely and gives off a nice ambience. My husband and I tried a few unique rolls. We were impressed by the quality and taste. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. Definitely one of the best sushi spots in Orlando. Just a tip: If you go on a weekend, make a reservation!
one of the great surprises....not what you expect walking to the door of that place. Its look like a hole on a wall from outside and totally NYC style restaurant from inside...great service and very innovative menu.....
This place is small and doesn't look too welcoming from the outside, however, these are usually the best places. Inside it's all new and modern, very clean. The food is wonderful and unique. Nice and cozy for a date night.
Some of the best sushi in Orlando in terms of freshness and taste. The inside decor is much fancier than the exterior suggests.
We love this new place.   The happy hour menu rocks and each time the food is great. Ask for Eleanor as your server, she is super friendly. The only thing I do not like is the miso soup.   it is kind of bland and watery.  The sushi and rice is impeccable
Granted our food took a whole hour because they were busy, that's not a problem at all. But our server almost never showed up at our table after taking our order. Not even for water refills. Having to flag down the hostess just to get our check and no one to even pick up our bill afterwards. Thank god for cash, unbelievable.
Kabooki Sushi was a much more different restaurant than I originally anticipated. Driving by I really thought this was your hole in the wall, hard to find, kind of restaurant, but upon my arrival I found out that this was no secret. The place was jam packed and we were lucky enough to have made a reservation. Our server was very friendly and very knowledgeable with the menu. She offered suggestions and ultimately helped us make our food decisions. We started out with the Kimchi Edamame which was perfectly seasoned and spiced and the Mr. Mario appetizer. For someone who doesn't like mushrooms, this is one of my new favorite dishes. It's meaty and flavorful, and in my mind I completely forgot that it was a vegetable/fungus. Our sushi came shortly after, I ordered the Bookibooki Roll and 2 pieces of salmon nigiri and my friend ordered the Biggie Roll. Both rolls were exceptionally good. The fish was very fresh and the rolls melted into goodness upon arrival into my mouth. By the time we were finished we were both very full and had no room for dessert. I'm very sad to say that though because all their desserts are made fresh and in house. We did get a chance to see some of them though and we will definitely save room when we go back next time.
Super fresh, great looking seafood. Excellent service. Thanks guys! I will be telling all of my friends about this place!
This place is amazing!!!!!!! AMAZING!!! I can say that enough. Chef Henry deserves a Michelin Star. Staff is friendly, is trend, new, fresh... And the FOOOODDDD  SOOOO GOOOOODDDD!!!!!
Sooooo glad I gave this place a try!  The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. I am vegan and they were quick to show me all my options on the menu. I was there for happy hour, so got 3 rolls (12 pieces, total) for $12!  Had the veggie roll, sweet potato roll, then another veggie roll because I liked it that much!  This place is pretty new. Please swing in and give them a try--  you'll be glad you did!
This place is very small and cozy. The food was delicious, we had 3 Rolls: Gundam, A spicy roll, and a California roll. My wife is a bit more adventurous than I am and she had the scottish salmon which she loved. 2 Sake bombs and a few beers and it was a great dinner. Oh, and we had a dessert that was the special of the day chocolate covered strawberries dipped in Patron and Sake, was very chocolaty and fun to eat.
This place is an amazing hidden gem. Small and not noticeable from the outside, but very beautiful and modern on the inside. The Executive Chef/ Owner, Henry and staff make you feel at home, the hand crafted food and in house ingredients are fabulous. If you are in the area, definitely check it out! The sushi happy hour on Sundays is great, and the prices are very fair.
Best sushi in Orlando hands down. Service is attentive and nice. Mario mushroom and zen roll are a must have!
Wonderful, extremely fresh sushi from a small place on a busy street. It was also great that they had Jiro Dreams of Sushi on loop!
Small spot across from Fashion Square Mall. Amazing sushi, very fresh. I will definitely be back. Save some room for dessert, so good! They have only been open for two weeks, I hope they can make a go of it because everything we tried was great. I would rank Kabooki up there with Sushi Pop. Check 'em out!
It is apparent that they take pride in what they do, because their efforts certainly transfer over into their dishes. The pricing was very fair, too.
Don't let the small exterior of the restaurant fool you. It is one of the best Sushi restaurants in Orlando. Combine that with great service, vibrant crowd, nice ambiance and efficient kitchen. Great for families or date night. I went with the family and all loved it and said that they would come back.
I was pleasantly surprised. The decor is sharp and clean and modern. The kitchen is immaculate. The staff are VERY friendly. The service was great. And the food was excellent. We had a California roll, with REAL lump crab meat, no imitation garbage.Our personal favorite was the Gundam roll, amazing flavor and textures. We also had a Zen roll and the One Night in Bangkok, both also very tasty. The icing on the cake so to speak was a fresh from the oven flourless chocolate cake with a carmel filling and ice cream. It was a SERIOUS party in my mouth. Warm cake with a bit of crunch to the exterior, ooey gooey center, and cold vanilla ice cream all in one bite. OMG!!!! We will definitely go back.
This place is in the corner of a strip of commercial spaces across the fashion square mall. Based on this alone, you might think twice. It doesn't "look" like a location where amazing sushi would be located. But if you skip it, you will be missing out. The decor inside is modern, and looks nothing like the exterior.This is the best sushi I have had in Orlando. They have a great happy hour (5-7) with drinks and many rolls available for a reduced price. Every roll we ate was fresh and a unique combination of flavors. Portion sizes were good. Kabooki has an extensive selection of hot and cold tastings other than sushi, if you are looking for something else. Plus, it has great dessert. Banana bread beer ice cream? Yes, please! The only downside, and this isn't much of one, is that our server was a little too attentive. Always coming back and asking what else we needed on a more than regular basis. But I would rather have that than the opposite!
Don't let the location fool you from the outside the establishment looks questionable but once you are inside and you get to experience the food you'll have found your new hidden gem. The menu right off the back was very well thought out you can definitely tell the chef took some serious thought and effort into the rolls and dishes. Presentation could use some work but still impressive. The decor was trendy yet relaxing...bathrooms could use a fan, I was burning up in there! Other then that great dining experience and friendly service. Will definitely return!
Excellent. Fresh. Never would suspect it from the outside. Strip location on Colonial Dr. Well worth it.
I love Kabooki Sushi, the staff are friendly and extremely personable, and they have the best food I have ever had in Orlando. I can go here, blow either 10, 20 or like $100  on food and its always good and worth it.
Everyone stop with the over sauced rolls. Y'all missing out on some incredible quality fish, sea urchin, octopus, scallop and conch. Can you say "sashimi"?
