We stopped by this place wanting to check out a local gluten free place. Was initially worried because they use udi gluten free bread instead of making their own. We decided to try it and were blown away. Awesome food and even better service, would eat here any time and highly recommend it to those with gluten allergies.
Ok, so many things I dig about this spot. - Evan, the owner, really truly loves what he does and you can taste it in the food and experience it in the service - They don't have a deep fryer in their kitchen, WIN! Their fries are baked so that means I don't feel guilty eating these light, fluffy delicious fries... which is probably a bad thing, ha! - They roast their meats in house! Yes, that means no preservatives, no additives, all fresh and delicious. - In door and outdoor seating. - FABulous prices for such high quality food. When I visited for lunch it was gorgeous so we sat outside. We went in to order and they bring it to your table. So it's quick serve but the service is amazing. When I first went in the lovely girl behind the counter asked if it was my first visit and gave me a run down of everything, she was very informative. I was set on a burger so I went with their "New Burgernini the 'HK Monster'" It's an 8oz of all natural 100% Angus beef (not frozen) w/ lettuce, chopped tomatoes, onions, cheddar and their BBQ honey mustard sauce. It was so fresh that I didn't feel weighed down after I finished every last bite. I was not a fan of the multi grain roll so next time I will go with white. The honey mustard tasted more like straight BBQ sauce but it was good. Overall I had a lovely lunch and I can't wait to go back and try more. Stop in for a fresh sammie! They have beer and wine and fountain sodas. They also have Fat Cat sauces! Local love. Note that they are closed on Sunday. It's next to the Whole Foods on Sand Lake right next to the Barnie's.
Let's start by saying that I'm not a Panini kind of guy. I went here with my wife on her request, and was very happy with the outcome.  The unique blend of tastes all wrapped up in my sandwich was exceptional. I had the buffalo chicken Panini and my wife had the hula hoop barbecue chicken, both were wonderful.
We went here last week for an event and were able to meet the owner and sample most of the food they have to offer. He explained that this concept was born out of a concern he had with all the overly processed foods his children were eating whenever they went out. So he decided to create a place where all the meats were roasted in house and preservative free. He wanted to focus on fresh healthy ingredients and whenever possible help support his local community. Out of that desire was born the Hot Krust Panini Kitchen. The bread here is baked to his specifications at a local bakery. I love that they offer a multigrain option. The meats were nice and juicy. I especially enjoyed the Hula Hoop BBQ chicken panini that had roasted chicken, cheddar cheese, pineapples, onions,  spinach & special BBQ Sauce and the Hk Burger"nini" with tomatoes, onions, melted cheddar cheese and that nicely balanced honey mustard bbq sauce. In keeping with the healthy focus the waffle fries here whether regular or sweet potato are baked to a krispy perfection. Another collaboration has him offering hot sauces from the local company FatCat Foods for you to add a little extra kick to your sandwich. Everything we sampled was thoughtfully prepared and well executed. Prices are very reasonable for the quality of ingredients and amount of food you get. I only wish they were closer to our end of town.
HK is a new favorite casual eatery in Restaurant Row, located next door to Barnie's Coffee and Tea near Whole Foods. Word has clearly spread about this place, as the line was about 15-humans deep when I lunched there recently. Don't be fooled by the fast-food look of the place; Hot Krust takes pride in their fresh non-processed, non-fried offerings. My vegetarian "Alibaba" panini was excellent. And I guess because of the freshness of the ingredients, they served the best tomato bisque I can remember having in a very long time. Beer and wine are another plus!
The paninis were so fresh, made to order and delicious. Very surprised by how filling they were; we both had to take half back to the hotel. I had the catch of the day with the baked sweet potato fries and my son had the turkey with the waffle fries. Excellent food, friendly staff. We've bookmarked it and we will be back!
Owner Evan Dimov proudly boasts a kitchen where all the meats are freshly roasted in house, never processed; which means no preserves, no artificial color, no additives or growth hormones. Point taken!!! Amongst the few samplers I was lucky enough to grab were: Chicken Florentine, Buffalo Bill Chicken, Philly Steak, & Volcano Steak. The common denominator between all of them was the 'freshness', yes one bite is all it takes to recognize that indeed there is NO processed meat here.  My personal favorite incontestably was the Volcano made with Freshly Roasted Steak, Swiss Cheese, Jalapeno Peppers,  Tomatoes, Red Onions, Banana Peppers, and Chipotle Ranch Sauce. My only quibble being that a 'Panini' should be hot with visible grill marks. The baked (NOT fried) sweet potato fries were a refreshing welcome too.  Dabble some Fat Cat Sauce of your choice, and yeah baby it is a party in your mouth. The signature Cactus Chili (I prefer to call it soup) impressed me with the balance of sweet, savory, and spicy flavors. I finally got to meet with the master mind and creator of Fat Cat Sauces - Eyal Goldshmid. Don't let Eyal's calm and soft-spoken personality fool you. His sauces are vibrant and fiery. I was duly impressed with the balance of flavors that create a wide array of hot sauces. Kudos for creating the PERFECT blend of flavors. (Will talk more about it another time.) So for the health conscious folks or simple because you savor a hearty and flavorful sandwich, stop in at Hot Krust. It might just end up becoming your local neighborhood spot to hang out. Sharing a wall with Whole Foods might put them in their shadow though they are capable of holding their own ground with products that are made with love and pride.
Their panini is the best! Must try it if you are here!
Wow, this place is great!  Saw all the positive Yelp ratings and we were near by Saturday.  I love a great panini, so tried it out.  The food was spectacular and the service was awesome.  The food was flavorful and at the right temperature.  Had the The cactus chili was very tasty.  Had the Catch Me If You can fish, Meat Lovers Paradise & the HulaHoop BBQ chicken.  All three of us loved our dishes.  I want one of these in Jacksonville!!!!! Thanks Hot Krust Kitchen!
Hot Krust serves a sandwich that's a bit different than anything else in town. Technically, it's a panini, since it's pressed between flat hot plates. But unlike other paninis, it's on a sort of crusty hamburger bun rather than sliced bread. The result is that there's a... well, hot crust on the outside. Since I like crusty bread, this suits me well. In fact, my favorite item here is a hamburger rather than a sandwich. The meat is good quality, and I particularly liked the barbecue sauce used on one version. Other options are philly cheesesteak type beef, chicken and tuna. There are about a dozen offerings, but they are essentially all the same sandwich with slightly different ingredients. You also have your choice between white and multi grain buns. The sandwiches are HUGE, so you may want to share. They are available in combos (if you're really hungry) that include a drink, waffle fries (sweet or regular), chips or soup. I'm not much of a soup person, but the tomato soup I tried was the best thing they served, velvety and full of great flavors. Combo pricing is around $10, very reasonable for the huge amount of food. There are also a nice variety of salads that I didn't get to try. In addition to soft drinks they offer some interesting beers and wine. Hot Krust is hampered by the same poor location as its predecessor, a NY bakery. The spot is between Whole Foods and Pei Wei, on a blind curve with no curb parking, set back fifteen feet from the surrounding buildings, making the already fairly illegible sign nearly invisible. But there's plenty of parking in the Whole Foods lot. The owner and staff are very friendly, and there is both indoor and very pleasant outdoor seating. If you're in the mood for a sandwich with a different twist I recommend it.
There are only so many places one can go to and feel just as welcome as they would their friendly small town neighborhood store. Here in the middle of Orlando, Hot Krust panini kitchen has found a way to do that, while also providing even better quality meals. They provide a diverse menu and gluten free options. Always something for everybody. They use no processed meats and roast their meats in house, bake their waffle fries to order, and have no frozen soups. Everything is fresh! If you haven't had a chance to eat here, you're seriously doing yourself a disservice. Eat healthy and fresh and always enjoy friendly company. Hot Krust is the best in town.
Know what I like about Hot Krust? Everything. Independently owned, fresh ingredients, service with a smile, and delicious food. I've had several of their panini's, the burger and the gobbler are the two stand outs for me. The burger patty is fresh and served with a barbecue mustard sauce that is perfect. The gobbler is a take on my favorite sandwich in the world, turkey with cranberry sauce. The turkey is roasted and sliced there daily and it makes a huge difference. The surprises here are the soups. The cactus-chili has an amazing balance of textures, sweetness and spice. My wife had the pumpkin-apple and bacon soup and devoured it in seconds. They also serve a number of European beers. I had the Kronnenberg, which is a French beer with a fruity, flowery aroma and taste. Very good. The owner, Evan is such a personable guy and clearly has a passion for what he does. Plus, the prices are very affordable. I would expect to pay about 20% more for a meal in this area, but he keeps it cheap. Maybe he's trying to get us all hooked...I think it's working. I shall return.
I cant wait to get back here to enjoy the deliciousness that this place has to offer. The owner is so passionate about his food and it made me so excited to try everything on the menu. My favorite thing about this place is that they do not fry anything...its all baked! Everything was so fresh! I sampled sweet potatoes, wings, a few of the burgers...it was all so tasty!
Awesome fresh food! Staff is always friendly! The baked fries are great too! Only wish they had a 1/2 sandwich option because their sandwiches are so large it can be a lot for lunch.. If they did that I would definitely be there more!
Everyone is jumping on this "healthy, hormone free, free range, no chemical, no processing....." band wagon. Is there taste in eating dirt and grass? How about the miracle olfactory explosion of fat? Nothing taste good without fat, right? Hang on, pork belly is the newest sensation. Hot Krust has taken the healthy approach to sandwiches on a whole different farm. Staying true to delivering the freshest and healthiest product is always a challenge. Fresh bread is sourced from a local Orlando bakery. Fresh cuts of meat are seasoned and roasted on site everyday. There really is nothing processed. How did I know this? I struck up a conversation with the staff. Did I read the website before walking in? No. But after I got home the website confirmed every single claim to fame. When a staff is friendly and confident about their product, it shows on the plate. Panchetta Shrimp Panini - Grilled shrimp, bacon, tomatoes, red onions, lite mayo, and monterey jack cheese. The bread was hearty with crispy crust, flecks of sesame seeds, and a clean crunch. The combination of shrimp and very subtle bacon made for a surprisingly great sandwich. The freshness of ingredients speak for themselves. Portion size is not overwhelming.  Sweet Potato Fries - baked and not deep fried in fat. The gentle crisp outside and slightly soft inner makes this a surprisingly delightful indulgence. Philly Steak Panini - Skirt and Sirloin steak, onions, red bell peppers, lite mayo, provolone cheese and topped with chipotle ranch sauce. Amazingly tender beef, I was waiting for grass and dirt, but got full beefy flavors. So that is what a real piece of beef taste like.  I am liking this. Cactus Chili Soup - made with savory cactus, ground beef, diced tomatoes, onion, corn, northern beans, and spinach in a spicy broth. What an explosion of flavors! Wow. Nicely balanced tartness that compliments the spicy broth. Definitely the dish to have on these slightly lower temperature days around the Christmas season. If these two sandwiches speak for the rest of the menu I eat my words about grass and dirt. I hereby declare healthy to be tasty! The restaurant carries a small assortment of beers and wines. What better thing to do than have an adult beverage while waiting for your sandwich to be freshly made? The dining room is a modern soft wood and high ceiling space. Tables and chairs are a mix of high tops and lower comfortable seating. The walls are adorned by foursquare, tripadvisor, urbanspoon, yelp, and twitter comments. If you make a nice comment you might get published on their wall of social media. A soft floor with tiny pebble like surface rounds out the warmth. The front door of this adorable little space is set back from the parking lot to create outdoor dining. If you walk in here and can't decide what to order, let the staff guide you. Chances are they designed that sandwich and are more than delighted for you to give it a twirl. In the world of sandwiches and healthy food Hot Krust Panini Kitchen is head and shoulders above the rest. This is a great  alternative to snazzy Sand Lake Road dining. Be casual, get take out or dine in. This place will turn your head upside down with healthy food. Healthy is the new tasty.
It is nice to have more healthy options around the Dr. Phil area.  They are right next to whole foods, but they offer much tastier sandwiches. They pride themselves on no hormone/organic health options, and that's nice and all, but I'm probably a hormone machine with all the crap I eat. What matters to Dr. S (thats me, not a real Doctor by any stretch), is does it taste good.  Well,  IT DOES!  I felt refreshed and ready to continue my day instead of wishing I could sleep off usual double grease burger.  I got the Florentine panini: roast chick, sun dried tomatoes, havarti cheese, spinach, light mayo, and pesto.   Check em out! Who knew healthy could be so fun?!
Chivalry isn't dead - at Hot Krust, at least. We were provided with a dining experience far more enjoyable than the restaurant's prices, name,  and decor would suggest. Would be a regular for sure if I lived in the area.
To start it's located on the same strip as Whole Foods Market tucked away next to dunkin' donuts. Sandwiches were amazing! Make sure to try as many of the local hot sauces as you can. I got the fondue sandwich which I would highly suggest having. The only complaint that I could have is the sweet potato fries were good but not as excellent as the other reviews were saying, in my opinion the regular waffle fries were excellent. Other than that there were friendly people, great atmosphere, nice outside seating, and amazing food. Major props to the chef, he's friendly and makes sure that your experience is fantastic. Defiantly coming back next time I'm in town.
3 1/2 stars This shopping center is my favorite in Orlando for food options. First choice is Seito Sushi (although they do close from 3-5 which can be annoying) Second is Pei Wei and Third I usually run to whole foods. Since I just had whole foods the other day. I hit up Hot Krust being reminded that it was on my "go back-to list" Sigh. I really hesitate to write this. I'm going to guess the owner reads the reviews, and they are sooo nice and friendly, I don't want to have anything bad to say. I really don't. So this is really more FYI. The first time I ate here it was pretty empty. They had just opened. This time it was prime lunch hour, and it was packed. Still very friendly and efficient at the register, but I had to wait a long time for my food to be delivered. And if you know me or read past reviews, I'm not very good when I'm hungry. I actually waited long enough to the point of looking at the time stamp on the receipt. My food took 14 minutes to arrive at my table. Not great when you are REALLY hungry, and thinking it would be quick. I will come back, for sure, but not when it's busy and I need something quick.
Yelpers didn't let me down with this find!  With Hot Krust having almost 5 starts my hopes and expectations were high.....AND I wasn't let down!     First this location is tucked into a very busy shopping center next to Whole Foods and a Dunkin Doughnuts.  Parking is plenty, the shopping center is fairly new and well kept.       My first impression when I walked in was amazing!  The decor is modern and the restaurant itself was very clean.  I can't say enough about the cleanliness.  The video menu board was easy on the eyes and pretty straight forward with a detailed description about each item.  The person who took my order was super friendly, he took the time to explain how things were made and what makes the establishment stand out from other sandwich shops, that would be the wonderful homemade soups and fresh made to order panani(s).     I had a steak and cheese panani.  The steak was a shredded steak, it was juicy and marinated perfectly.  They have a ton of side sauces that are delicious and will fit most everyone's tastes.       Great find and a must try!
I've been there three times and have yet to have a Panini that I didn't like. The owner is friendly and the service is fast. The homemade chocolate chip cookies are delicious.
Stopped by HK last week after a day of errands. The staff at Salon Salon had recommended it as a great sandwich place.  Surprisingly, despite the chain feel, it is not a franchise or a chain- just a great one-of-a-kind local business.   I had the vegetarian panini, and hubby had a cheesesteak panini, and we shared the sweet potato fries. My veggie panini was really, really good.  Delicious (not oily at all) pesto sauce, and perfectly cooked veggies.  Crispy crust, and the bread was fabulous- light, flavorful and clearly very fresh.  I generally throw away as much of my bread as I eat on a sandwich, but I ate all of this bread.   DH's cheesesteak got a thumbs-up, but "didn't taste like a philly cheesesteak," which I figured out meant not too onion-y.   The star was the sweet potato fries.  They are baked rather than fried, and come out perfectly crispy, with just the right subtle hint of salt.  Worth the extra few minutes of waiting.  And worth WAY more than the $3 they charge for them! They also brought out samples of their smoothies and I was kicking myself for not ordering a large one before I filled up on the sandwich and fries!  The mango smoothie was amazing- creamy and rich, but low fat according to the menu.  I will be back many times just for that smoothie! All in all, really good, filling meal for under $20.
Wanting a sandwich or salad or just craving some sweet potato fries BUT hate to give in to those processed meat options all around you. THEN you must go here! So glad we dropped in here for lunch on our way into Whole Foods. The food was wonderful! Great variety of options and their method of preparing foods is in line with how we prefer to eat. Reasonably priced and extremely friendly staff. They definitely have three new frequent customers! Give it a try
This place is fantastic. Had the BBQ steak sandwich and literally the steak fell apart in my mouth like pot roast, so tasty. Sweet potato fries are equally good and my friend had the brownie which was moist, not dry at all. So great and everything tasted fresh, we will definitely back :)
I had the cactus chili and the volcano steak sandwich it was Amazing! The person in the front is very helpful and the place is very clean.  Love it I will definitely be back!
I was looking for a place for lunch, I saw the Outdoor Café area. Stopped in for a menu. I was soo impressed. Prices are reasonable. I tried a Panini. I am hooked.. The bread was soo perfect. Its crunchy & thin.. Just perfect size Panini ... Taste was so fresh ... LOVED it .. !!!!!!!!!!!
Stopped by to check this place on my way out of town and it didn't disappoint.  The flavors were robust, the meat was ample, and the sandwich was warm and savory.  Plus, the owner was super nice and patient explaining the sandwiches to me.
Don't be fooled, this is not your New York style pizza shop, it's a nifty little sandwich shop tucked into yet another trendy stretch of Dr. Phillips. Initial impressions: I appreciated that the setting seemed to match the service, the interior brick gave it sort of a brick oven feel while the woods kept it light enough to call if a cafe. The flat-screen menus were a modern touch and the gentleman working the register went out of his way to be helpful. Over-the-top moment: When I asked if there were any dipping sauces for the fresh fries I had ordered, the gentleman asked what I would like and called to the kitchen for some, what I assume to be, freshly made honey mustard and BBQ sauce. Why I didn't give it 5 stars: I ordered a hot sandwich, and while absolutely delicious, it was only mostly warm by the time I got it. I think the gentleman also assumed I had been there before so my friend told me that I missed the spiel about the fresh ingredients and prep styles, which I would have enjoyed hearing. At the end of the day, this is a great change of pace from Panera and I would eat there again without hesitation. 4 stars.
All of the praise and hype are well deserved for this wonderful little spot in Orlando.  And not only was the food top notch, but the service was great as well.  And do splurge and go for the baked sweet potato fries, they are worth it.
I'm only half way through my panini but I'm so excited that I have to yelp about it. This is so good! I got the veggie vacation with the spicy potato waffles. I have a hard time finding vegetarian options that really stand out but this is beyond satisfying. Bravo hot krust.
This place rocks!!! Great atmosphere!! You have to try the Hawaiian jam al-- the combination of flavors is an explosion in your mouth!
Visited hot Krust on the Yelp tip and was immediately impressed with the selection of sandwiches and salads. They were also running a promotion to donate part of each sale to Give Kids The World ( if you don't know about them, spend some time and learn about their work). Also, I received a free order of fries.  The variety of sandwiches was impressive with only fresh ingredients and options like Beef, shrimp, chicken, and turkey. A few veggie options as well. Ordered the Chardonnay Shrimp with Spinach, Red Pepper and Provolone- very tasty. They also feature hot sauces by Fat Cat. The Cat In Heat is a smoky, slow burn with a nice fruity punch. Purri Purri is a mild sauce that brings a little heat and has a slight citrus flavor. There are a few others as well. Local option, friendly service and good food - count me in.
My friend and I were circling the Dr Phillips area looking for a spot to eat lunch, and we landed at Hot Krust Panini Kitchen.  Upon entering, we sort of hung towards the back wall to read the menu for our first time - it was quite obviously our first time in.  The woman at the counter picked up on this, and quickly greeted us and offered her assistance immediately after ringing up the patron in front of us.  She walked us through her favorite items on the menu, and was very knowledgable about the ingredients and products used.   I ordered the Florentine Chicken Panini and was impressed with the combination of flavors, and my friend ordered the Hawaiian Jam-Al.  We were both pleased with our orders, the service, the cleanliness, and the overall experience.  We will be back :)
This place has amazing panini's!! I come here on my lunch break and i'm never disappointed by food or the customer service. The owner asks every single guest how the food is and truly wants to know how your visit is going. I love that everything is always fresh! Its def my go to spot for lunch! This is most def a wonderful addition to Dr. Phillips area.
Finally a decent place to eat in Orlando! Great food, reasonable prices, friendly service, and gluten free options.
I absolutely loved this place! They have so many options its impossible to choose one. The hamburger panini is delicious and their chicken wings are amazing. Their meats and veggies are top notch. The staff is very friendly and the owner made sure that we were well taken care of. I definitely will go back!
very clean friendly and the food was awesome and much more healthy then most options in this area
This is my second time at Hot Krust and I'm just as blown away this time. I've had the Florentine Chicken both times, but this time I brought along my wife. She has a gluten allergy and this came up as an option for her. She had the Mango Chardonnay Shrimp on Gluten-free bread and she kept raving about it during the meal. We also had the salads (which comes with more than just the typical lettuce) with raspberry dressing. I'm not big on dressing but I can't imagine eating a salad without that dressing ever again.  The owner came out during the meal to make sure everything was to our satisfaction. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for great food at a great price.
Great customer service was the first thing that struck me about this place. The manager is very enthusiastic and helpful with the menu. There are so many delicious sounding options and everything we got was delicious. The manager brought us a free cup of cactus soup which was very good as well. Very good food, low prices, great customer service.
Solid find!  It is really tough to find a decent meal in Orlando, but luckily Yelp rarely lets me down.  This was no exception.  Agree with other reviews that the food is good, but service outstanding.  We had the burger and veggie sandwich.  Both were enjoyed thoroughly.   Owner is super nice and very helpful.  Will visit again on our next trip to Orlando.
Here at our first Yelp event and the beer selection is amazing! Paninis are yummy. Prices are great! Good times! The Florentine chicken is my absolute favorite! Wait, they're all amazing! Omg just drank a beer with chili inside it! Spicy, weird, but interesting enough. I'm going to eat the chili pepper inside the bottle! Wish me luck!!
We went to this place on our last day in Orlando. The workers were welcoming and even went over the selection of sandwiches they have in the menu to help us understand the difference. We ordered a mix of sandwiches. The bread was freshly made and the ingredients were fresh. I wish we would have known about this place earlier in our visit. We would have eaten more times during our stay.
The food at this establishment is so flavorful and free from hormones or chemicals. I like that nothing is fried. Foods have so much flavor. And all the staff is so helpful to explain the foods to you. A really nice place to go and have a nice meal for a reasonable price. They also have a awesome beer selection as well to match the different food flavors. Will definitely tell everyone to go there to have a great meal. Family friendly too. That's nice.
Decided to try after seeing positive reviews; and did not disappoint. Family of 6 and all of us enjoyed our paninis. Highly recommend!
I am quickly becoming a regular at this place.  Their menu is amazing. There is so much to choose from... and much of it pretty unique!  The cactus chile is a must try and something I haven't seen anywhere else.  Every time I stop in I try something new and I imagine I'll be able to do that for a very long time.  The prices are great and the service makes the experience even better.  The owner/manager is super nice and took lots of time walking me through the menu and making my family and I feel at home. So the next time you're over by Whole Foods, duck into this little panini shop and give it a try. You'll be glad you did and you'll be back for more!
This place is really good. This was my first yelp event. The owner was friendly and passionate about both the food and the beer. Having been my first visit I will defiantly be back. I can't suggest any specific yet so I suggest trying EVERYTHING.
I've visited Hot Krust twice now and have had a great experience both times.  The first time I tried the Burgernini (it's new).  It's an 8 oz burger with chopped up waffle fries mixed into it.  I got the sauce on the side (I'm not a sauce guy).  Many places tend to overcook bugers (probably because they're using frozen patty) but Hot Krust uses fresh meat and the burger came out juicy with a tiny hint of pink in the middle.  I would call it medium well.  Next time I'll ask if I can get it just a bit more rare.  It's not your typical burger.  It has a unique flavor due to the seasoning and the potato mixed in.  I liked it.  : ) I tried my wife's Amanti chicken panini and it was very good, as well.  We tried the regular and sweet potato fries and they were both good.  They're baked instead of fried, but they were still good and crispy.  The only improvement I can think of is I would have liked to have gotten a few more fries than I did. My second visit with a friend from work was just as good.  I tried the Florentine and I enjoyed it as well.  If you're used to a lot of toppings on your sandwiches you might be a bit disappointed until you realize that you're at a hot panini restaurant and piling on a lot of lettuce and cold toppings isn't going to come out so well.  The Florentine has spinach on it which can handle being heated up and it worked well.  I tried the whole grain bread and it was just as good as the white bread I had earlier. My friend tried the Cowboy "Leo" sandwich with a cookie instead of fries.  He was impressed by the size of the sandwich and said it was excellent while the cookie was so-so.  "Good quality chocolate, but the cookie itself wasn't that good." Overall a great place with friendly staff and an owner who is passionate about his brand (and really nice as well).  Throw a few more fries in and tweak the cookie a bit and you're ready to expand.  : )
Hot Krust Panini was a great find! I have been twice and both times ordered the salads. The half portion is a perfect size for a modest lunch and the vegetables were very crisp and fresh, but most importantly flavorful! Great flavor combos for the salads! I do want to try one of their sandwiches, maybe on my next trip. But my visits I was given great service, the employees were knowledgable about their entrees, and were welcome to any custom requests for your meal. They are not lying when they say there ingredients are fresh and healthy!
Got invited to a Yelp event last night.  In one word, this place is the BOMB!  We were given tastings of chili, cactus soup, tomato bisque, Volcano steak panini, buffalo and BBQ wings, buffalo bill chicken panini, cowboy jack, fondue turkey, Amanti chicken and burger paninis.  Fantastic, all of them!  The pesto is great as are all of the freshly made additions to each individual crusty morsel. Too far for me to go for lunch but we will most definitely be back. The owner proudly explained his cooking style. Very clean place and the servers were very professional. Go. It is SO worth it!
Awesome panini sandwiches and baked waffle fries. Healthy choice and great prices! They also have fresh turkey and roast beef that they roast on site fresh.
Neat little place with a great concept for freshness. Love the baked sweet potato fries!
Went to to this place while on vacation after seeing the reviews on yelp and couldn't agree more with the others. Food was good and reasonably priced, I got the Meat Lover's Paradise with fries and was more than filling for a quick lunch break. The best thing about this restaurant though was the service! The owner/guy behind the counter was very friendly and offered to explain the menu when we told him that it was our first time there. After we ordered he would continually check on us to make sure that everything was good and if we needed anything else. On top of that, he was very nice to my friend's dog and even brought out a bowl of water for him.
I was looking for a quick bite and stumbled upon this place. The prices were good and the food was great. I was very impressed and will come again when I am in the area
This place is getting top reviews for good reason: the food is well prepared, the atmosphere is good, and the staff are enthusiastic and engaged.  I came across the storefront looking for a quick sandwich, and this was a welcome upgrade but at a very reasonable price.  The owner took a minute to come see how I was doing and shared with me a bit about how he got going. It's a great story and I loved his excitement for the business and dedication to doing it 'right'.  Not a small thing to note; they roast all their meats on site... This can't be easy or cheap, but it is definitely worth it. If you have an extra minute, ask to say hi to Evan, I'm sure you'll appreciate meeting him as I did. I had an opportunity to cater a small lunch a couple weeks later.  Here again, great attention to doing it 'right'.  They made individual boxes for each meal, but had four different quarter-sandwiches in each box, so each person got a sample of four different recipes. Each sandwich was labeled with the description. This presented very well for an office lunch. I'm happy to give these guys 5 stars:  the food is excellent, prices are very reasonable, and they clearly have put a lot of heart and thought into a great place to eat in or take out for a lunch group.
Continuously searching for good food in this vast wasteland of fast food restaurants is no easy task so when you find a gem you have to give them their shout out. This place rocks! Fresher ingredients I have not had. All food is cooked on-premises. Large portions, reasonable prices and tasty BAKED fries. Healthy, fresh food that tastes great. The combinations are thought out with precision by the owner/chef. I had the Amici chicken which was spot on and had a bit of Jerk Chicken feel to it. Many combinations to choose from. I talked to the very courteous and enthusiastic owner/chef who is passionate about his food and business. I had to complement him on the way out. Don't be surprised by the "chain deli" look to this place, it is clean and comfortable. It is not your average sandwich place. This is by far the best "sandwich/Panini" (I hesitate to actually call it a sandwich place since it is so much more ambitious) place I have ever eaten at.
I gave HK a second try and I can only assume that my first review resonated with them.  Sizing, both of the paninis and the packaging, is spot on.  Sides have been added.  Panini quality is still excellent.  Extra star well earned!
After hearing about @TravelerFoodie's adventure here I started following Hot Krust on Twitter. (@hotkrust) They have just announced the Burgernini. They obviously had me at the word burger. The team makes sure as soon as a customer leaves to clean up and be ready for the next guest to be seated. I had just missed the lunch rush. Lots of people here when I walked in. Most of the regulars come in to pick up their orders and head out. New Burgernini. "8oz of 100 percent Angus meat stuffed with potato waffles, with special BBQ. Not frozen, No preservatives, No additives". When Evan brought it over to me I laughed. This burger is huge. As Evan says, "The Cadillac of burgers. Not many places can compare with the quality of this burger". I would say he is right. I took one bite and I was hooked. Made with 100 percent Yumminess. (Yes that is the word). All the fresh ingredients are tasted in every bite.
GREAT customer service. GREAT food. We come here usually once a week and are never dissapointed. Best panini I have ever had! Must try!
Best Panini I have ever had! This place is a must!
My wife and I were up in Orlando for vacation and were looking for somewhere different to eat. We are so happy that we found Hot Krust. I happened to win a contest on Facebook for a free panini a couple of days before we were leaving, which ensured would visit once. Well once turned into three times, and if we didn't have to go home it would've been more. Everything that we had there was great.  The waffle fries and sweet potato waffle fries we seasoned perfectly, the cactus chili soup had just the right amount of spice and the panini's all had the right balance of bread, meat, flavorings, and condiments. My wife is a picky eater and always asks for something to be omitted, and each time it came out just the way she wanted. I can't wait until we return to Orlando just to have another Hot Krust Panini!!!
Panini was delicious and was made from quality products. I recommend the multigrain bread. I'll definitely make a point to eat there every time I'm in town.
Not bad? good sandwich; healthier potato;. reasonabale prices
One of the best cheeseburgers I have ever eaten!  Healthy beef and prepared without "grease".  The sweet potato fries were crisp and full of flavor.
Very impressed! My daughter and I enjoyed the bbq chicken on whole grain bread with a side of sweet potato waffle fries - really good. Looking forward to our next visit!
Amazing panini. The veggies inside seriously do not get soggy, and remain nice a crunchy. It was just perfect. The manager is also very nice and helpful. I asked him a question about a menu item, and it actually turned into a good five minute conversation. I, along with my family highly recommend this place.
Delicious sandwich, the best panini I ever had !! Went there two days in the row. I asked one the employee about the secret for the good taste she told me they only use non process meat.  Thanks Hot Krust for serving fresh sandwiches .
The Yummy Turkey was great.   I highly recommend the Cactus Chili.   Extremely clean and staff is very friendly and attentive.  I will be back often.
Amazing food! My mom got the burger and I got the meat lovers sandwich....so good! Great staff who spend time explaining the food and thought behind...then follow up to make sure all is well. We are on vacation but will be back. A local regular spoke with us bragging about the food as well. My mom asked them to move to her hometown so she could go twice a week, Sid food was so big she would always have lunch next day.
Really enjoyed our sandwiches here! Service was great and the owner was even in the day we went and conversed a little with us, sharing his story abou the place. Fresh bread, not like your normal pressed panini's, but deliciously herbed, almost focaccia like bread! Ingredients tasted fresh as well. Prices were fair for what you're getting. Would definitely come back here and eat again. Yum!
We have visited twice and had a good sandwich both times, prices are good. Sweet potato fries were best part of the meal.
Stopped by while on vacation...the food was great.  We liked it so much we ended up coming back on our way to the airport!!!  All the ingredients were fresh and the flavor combinations mixed well.  Personally I enjoyed the pancetta shrimp and my girlfriend liked the hula hoop bbq chicken.
5 stars because this is a new favorite for me now! How has it taken me so long to go to Hot Krust?! I couldn't decide between the butternut squash soup and the cactus chili soup, so I got a cup of each (don't judge me!!!). The butternut squash soup is creamy beyond creamy! I'm a big butternut squash soup fan and this one is really, really good. BUT, the cactus chili soup was the real hero. Thick chili with a hint of cinnamon and a fabulously sweet edge. I could see what i imagine was the cactus floating around in tiny shards and I don't know exactly which flavor to assign to it, but all together the chili was delish and satisfying! As if that wasn't enough, I ordered the Grouper panini. The owner let me know that it was marinated in raspberries and some other fabulousness so I couldn't pass it up. The fish itself was minced on the panini and though I swore I was full from the soup, I couldn't help gobbling down half of it before taking the rest to-go. The panini came with Sweet potato waffle fries, which I was excited to find out were baked, not fried! And from the signage, I saw that the biz seems to really focus on quality ingredients. Overall, I was shocked by how inexpensive everything was and stoked to see how full the place was at 1:45pm on a Friday. Apparently I'm kind of late to the game- but better late than never!
Excellent food and service to match. My girlfriend and I visited Orlando for a week and went to Hot Krust based on other Yelp reviews. We were not disappointed. The paninis are the perfect size and taste amazing. You can tell fresh ingredients are used and thought went into the recipes on the menu. I paired my panini with the curly potatoes (not fries since they're baked) and the meal left me satisfied. The owner was also there and was helpful, friendly, and made sure to ask everyone as they left how their meal was. It's refreshing to have that kind of personal contact with not only the owner, but any employee, these days. We enjoyed Hot Krust so much that we made sure to go back on our last day in Orlando before flying home. My only regret is not living closer to it so I could eat there more often.
I've been back a few times and try something different every time, all good. Today has been my favorite: Hawaiian Jam All. And today was my fiancé's favorite too: Hula Hoop. The owner is always very nice!
nice tuna melt panini. I liked the spiciness.
The food was really tasty and the service was fantastic, very welcoming. A surprising find, we'll definitely be back.
A friend of mine insisted that I give them a try. So worth it! It's delicious, priced very reasonably, and friendly staff. I got their gluten free tuna melt and fries. It was the best melt and gluten free sandwich I've had. I'll will definitely be back to try more.
A rare place in Orlando to have delicious and extensive gluten free menu- including delicious sandwiches gluten free bread made with high quality meat.  Tonight I tried the Reuben on GF bread and sweet potato fries.  All the soups are GF as well- so I will definitely go back. This is a great spot to grab a quick bite to eat of delicious food.  The staff and owner are all super friendly and know all of their regulars by name.  They make all the new folks feel welcomed.  I will be going back here often.  #GlutenFree foodies this place is a must try for Orlando.
We are group of 5.  We are from out of town and after reading reviews and all the great ratings we decided to try after going to Universal Studios! We showed up and were greeted by the owner!  We asked for suggestions and we all decided on five different menu items.  Everyone was correct the food was awesome, and the owner is very accommodating.  After we ate our food I asked everyone what they thought!  On a scale of 1 to 5, I got a 7 an 8.5 and everyone said they would like to go again.  My hard to please 16 year old even asked if we could come back on our way to the airport. Great tasting food and reasons able prices, with a great owner!  I wish we had Hot Krust Panini closer to home.
This is a great place for a good, quick lunch or dinner.  I ordered, ate, and was out in under an hour.  There were so many yummy sounding options I had a hard time choosing but I settled on the Hawaiian Jam-Al panini and made it a combo with pumpkin soup and a drink.  The owner was working the register and he is so incredibly nice; he went around to all of the tables to speak with customers.  While at our table he drew a picture of goofy for my son, who loves Mickey and friends.  I will definitely be back and I highly recommend Hot Krust to everyone.  I've been in the area hundreds of times and didn't know this gem was here because of it's small location among larger, well known, places.  It's located next to Dunkin Donuts and Pei Wei, in the shopping plaza on Turkey Lake with Whole Foods.
I dont know too much about the rest of the places to eat but this place was cheap and delicious. I could eat here alot! That philly steak was awesome, Black and Blue Ruebentini was wow! I wish i could come back! Honolulu is just too far away! The owner is super nice, explained the specials and made sure we were happy with our choices! Cactus chili mmmmmmmm.
Pretty good overall! Service was fantastic as were the Fat Cat sauces! We'll go again & again.
Street tacos is to Gringos Locos as Panini's is to HKPK. Fresh, quality, delicious hot pressed sandwiches all wrapped up in an affordable price with excellent customer service. TIP: Ask about the fish of the day. I had a sriracha/mango marinade Pollock. Outstanding.
Picking up where I left off, I said, I would be back, again and again. So I returned, and left with a renewed enthusiasm for Hot Krust Panini Kitchen. I unabashedly declare myself a true fan of this place. Go ahead, stop and take a look at their menu, you will not be dissapointed. Their attention to detail and commitment to quality and service is evident from the moment you walk through. There are no shortcuts here, just plain quality of ingredients, fresh and made to order, to put it simply, no compromise. I opted for their Veggie Vacation and had the honor to try their new Zeus as well and all I can say is Wow ! The right mix of flavors where no ingredient overwhelms the other but rather complements it, happens not by chance but by a carefully crafted effort to put in front of the customer, the best possible creation. To put it simply, good stuff !
I loved Hot Krust Panini!! Went there for the first time a couple of days ago --  definitely going back for the Grouper panini- marinated in raspberry and strawberry on whole grain!  healthy tastes so good!  Also had their cactus chili soup -- both WOW!!!  the chili soup was so savory and just spicy enough, and the sweet potato waffle fries were just the right thing to go with it.   The owner was there and very nice --  the flavors and home style of his cultural heritage I think make the food here what it is!  Worth a try, for sure! Just a suggestion for them: if the posters on the windows were placed a bit higher, it would give a better view of the nice outdoor seating area and integrate both. I wanna go back for lunch!!
I must admit, I didn't know Hot Krust was here, it is nestled in a large strip mall.  My hubby brought me here for a late lunch one day and I was curious about trying it out. See, here is the thing.  I am not a huge fan of sandwiches, too much bread and all, but I am a fan of Panini's done right.  Is that how you say it?  Panini's or just Panini? Ok I digress, anyway it is HARD to find a good one.  They often are just not right. Well here it is not only done right but quite delicious as well.  We had a couple of vegetarian ones, one with Portobello, quite delicious, and another special one.  The special one isn't on the menu yet!  It had feta, olives, tomatoes, lettuce, onions and tzatziki.  Oh hello!  I loved it.  If you ask me to just choose any fillings in a Panini that I would like, I believe this would pretty much be exactly what I would ask for.  So you can imagine how happy this one made me. The bread was perfect in thickness (or thinness), nice and toasted.  The fillings were just enough to make it tasty and satisfying without everything spilling out. Now I don't eat meats but I hear these are of the best quality. In fact, everything is the best quality ingredients. Also do not miss the Fat Cat hot sauces! MEOW! They are delicious.  Not only on your Panini's but they also sell them individually.  I am picking up a couple on my next trip. I did enjoy my meal here and am thrilled to have discovered a new eatery by work that I am actually excited to come back to!
Excellent food! My son had the Meat Lover's Paradise with waffle fries and I had the cactus chili with the Catch Me If You Can panini. Delicious!!!
I love my buddy Colleen's reviews but this place is all 5 of its 5 stars.  It shares rarefied air of restaurants that I frequent more than once for lunch.  They include: Ravenous Pig (on every list of mine), Four Rivers, Black Bean Deli, Beefy King, Pom Pom Teahouse & now Hot Krust Panini Kitchen. HKPK as I will now refer to it, is a winning concept found in the Whole Foods shopping center nestled tightly next to Dunkin Donuts.  The interior is clean otherwise really unremarkable.  As I've mentioned before, on QSRs especially - food trumps all.  The majority of the menu is on 3 large LCD TVs neatly framed in oak stained pine.  Actually a really nice treatment to video boards.  I say majority because they will also have additional "newer" paninis on printed handouts. I have now been over 7 times and all of those visits have been borderline amazing.  Fresh ingredients prepared with love by the owner who I think is there very minute they are open.  This tells me two things, he loves his business and he must drink a great deal of caffeine.  I really enjoy that he has such variety and creativity in his menu.  A special note must go to the wings which are superb.  I know it says panini kitchen, but the wings are worth the time.  In fact, I would order them for a game at my house. Everytime I get up to Orlando I visit this place.  I will again this week when I visit. I will soon dine fine.
Thanks YELPERS! Stopped here for a quick bite because of reviews! Excellent fresh sandwich! I will come back! The fresh roasted meat elevates this place above other sandwich joints!
Wasn't sure this would measure up to its high reviews on here but it did! Definitely gives Yellow Dog Eats a run for best local sandwich joint. Owner was VERY friendly and explained their quality and not using processed meats. Walked me through some favorites on the menu. I got the Razzle Dazzle which had a great combination of heat and sweet with a strawberry and Sirracha sauce. Also tried the cactus soup which was tasty too and just the right level of heat. Will be back again to try the sweet potato fries and more!
So happy I was able to make it to this months Sandwich Meet-Up as this was another first for me. I was told everything is good- who am I to argue?! I was close to deciding on the Burgernini HK Monster in honor of Burger Month, but decided my ass just didn't need another burger lol. I decided on the Fondue Turkey w/ sweet potato waffle fries and really happy about my choice. This sandwich was so good that I basically devoured it almost forgetting to add Fat Cat Strawberry Serrano hot sauce. Definitely a revisit is in the near future.
I believe my experience is very similar to others. The owner really took the time to explain what he was about, and explained the freshness of the ingredients, and it definitely shows. I enjoyed the volcano steak panini and sweet potato fries. It was presented very nice and well put together, but I didn't feel the spice level was there. It had jalapenos, banana Peppers, and chipotle Ranch Sauce but I expected a little more kick. I bet if he went with fresh jalapenos, it would be awesome. I did add little fat cat habenero sauce which helped with my need for spice.   I would have liked to have seen some traditional Italian panini's on the menu. Something simple with mozzarella fresca, balsamic, garlic, and olive oil. I looked for something like that but didn't find what I was looking for. This is definitively not a knock on his establishment. This is a great place to grab a sandwich and some baked sweet potato waffle fries all using fresh ingredients at a reasonable price point. No disappointment here. Give it a try. The fat cat sauce is good too by the way. Give it a shot next time.
My good friends, you have not tasted a real panini until you've stopped by Evan's joint out here on Sand Lake, Hot Krust Panini Kitchen. With their hot paninis and hand made salads, HKPK serves ups fresh, bright, flavorful fare at wicked reasonable prices. From a classic tasting "Fondu Turkey" (Turkey, Havarti Cheese, Monterey Jack, Cream Cheese, Tomatoes, Red onion, and Fresh Pesto) to the spicy new "Razzle Dazzle" (Slow-Cooked Steak, Strawberry Jam, Srirach-BBQ Sauce, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Banana Peppers, Cilantro and Provolone), HKPK has the comfortable environment, friendly staff, quality ingredients, and great prices that are worth braving the traffic for!
Service, food and location (in that order) get thumbs up from me!  The sweet potato fries are a MUST.
This place is a perfect lunch spot! My boyfriend and I stopped by on the way home from Universal Studios since it's close to the resorts and highly rated on Yelp. I was not the least bit disappointed. The spot is in a strip near a Whole Foods and right next to a Dunkin Donuts. There is seating inside but we chose the outdoor seating since it is a nice day and we have our dog with us. We ordered the yummy turkey panini with the salad combo and the meat lovers panini with the fries combo. I usually hate sweet potato fries because people make them really sweet, but something told me to try them here. They are PERFECT - slightly sweet, baked crispy an then dusted with salt. The paninis were great, good crunch on the outside, great flavor, the right amount of cheese and fillings. The pesto on the meat lovers was amazing (not generally a pesto fan). Plus, we appreciated that they didn't try to put lettuce on a panini, that is a TRAVESTY and people do it all the time. The salad was fresh and the balsamic dressing was lovely. All in all the meal felt healthy and filling. Plus, they had gluten free options, including gluten free bread! I would love a place like this in Atlanta!
Service was very fast and the atmosphere inside is pleasant. I stopped by for lunch around 11:30 so it was not crowded at all. I got a black and blue ruebenini. This place is as good as advertised. The food tasted great and was a good size portion as well. The place is tucked away a little bit so if you aren't looking for it you would likely just pass right by. A very pleasant surprise overall would definitely recommend to friends.
Service was fast and friendly (the owner waited on us). Food was high quality and very reasonably priced $20 for two people). It is tucked away in a plaza. We actually drove by it a couple times. Glad we did not give up, because it was a great experience! Try the Yummy Turkey panini. It was fantastic!
I enjoy sandwiches, and the more creative the better.  If were going out for a bite I want to get a sandwich I probably wouldn't make at home.  I have found that I can enjoy a tasty creative panini sandwich at Hot Krust Panini Kitchen. My first visit to Hot Krust was during a Yelp Elite event.  Evan the owner had graciously opened up his restaurant for us to sample so many of his wonder panini creations.    I love a great panini and he overwhelmed me with so many tasty sandwiches to choose from.  We got to sample so many sandwiches that I lost track of them.  I have to say that I enjoyed every one of them.  One of the items that blew me away that night was the Baked Sweet Potato Waffle Fries.  These were amazing; I couldn't believe that they were baked and not fried as they were nice and crisp. Another visit I was by myself down by Dr. Philips and thought I'd stop by for a tasty lunch.  It was nice to walk in and have Evan recognize me.  I'd only been to Hot Krust once before, but we did enjoy talking with one another and for him to remember me was very impressive. This visit I went with the Buffalo Bill Chicken and a side of the Sweet Potato Fries.  It was delicious, and I enjoyed the onions and peppers that came on it.  I liked that it wasn't the usual "Buffalo Chicken" sandwich. I am not a fan of soda, so I was happy to see there was a Tropical Fruit tea.  I have to say this tea was wonderful and it had a lovely fruity smell about it.  I appreciate that a "standard" tea wasn't offered.  If I had been dining at night I would have taken advantage of the nice craft beer selection Hot Krust offers. The nice thing about Hot Krust is that they are right off of I-4, so when we were making a road trip to Tampa I knew where I had to stop in for a lunch before our drive.    My oldest daughter was with us and she wanted a Philly Steak Panini.  She's not as adventurous when it comes to food, so it was nice that Evan made her sandwich plain.  The great thing about her sandwich sans the toppings was that the meat is so good that even without anything else it's still a great sandwich. While I think Hot Krust has some of the best panini's in town I opted for a salad this visit.  There are a handful of tasty salads on the menu.  I ordered the Grape Valley with turkey and I was blown away at how good this was.  The turkey is cooked to perfection and the combination with the vegetables was spot on. Hot Krust is one of my favorite spots in Orlando to enjoy a casual bite.  The food has been delicious every visit and it's a great deal too with most items around $7.  Evan is a welcoming owner greeting all of his customers and explaining to them how everything is made fresh.  There are no preservatives and nothing is fried.  Evan has pride in his restaurant and the consumers are the lucky ones who get to benefit from it.
Hot Krust never ceases to amaze me. There isn't one thing on the menu that isn't delicious. Not only is the food outstanding but the service is incredible as well. My fiancé and I are never disappointed. The owner knows exactly what he is doing and he will make you feel right at home as soon as you step in the door!!
Fast, friendly, clean, not pricey, and very very tasty. Can't ask for more in a place to eat. Busy lunch spot. Nice outdoor seating as well as indoor.
This place is awesome! The service is superb, the sandwiches are CHEAP and the food is tasty (and, for the most part, preservative free.) I had the Zeus which was really good - lots of feta and a tasty sauce. My husband enjoyed the meat lovers paradise sandwich- he liked the hand sliced turkey the best- his sandwich was nice and toasty and stayed together well. Even though we are only here for a week, we will have to come back for a quick bite! I hope  they open more locations outside of the area  because they clearly know what they're doing. I'd love one in Charlotte!
Do not pass this little sandwich shop up!!  Great Panini's and awesome sweet potato fries. They have a variety of sauces you can sample as well that they sell there.  Everything is very fresh and the employees take the time to explain the menu and give suggestions.
Fantastic food!  Chicken was great!  Fish was wonderful, and the kids pbj was great! Owner was delightful!  Love how the meats are not processed.  A definite repeat next time in Orlando!
First timer. Awesome surprise. Fantastic meal. Mahi Mahi was very well done. Wish I had one in my city.
Fantastic, delicious food and friendly service with a smile!  Freshly roasted meats roasted in-house (and you can definitely tell by the taste).  Sweet potato waffle fries were awesome and NOT fried : ). We will visit often!
Very nice local place that focuses on quality and didn't disappoint.  BBQ Panini was excellent as were the sweet potato waffle fries.
So yummy!! Great gluten free offerings.
EXCELLENT. I had the Pancetta Shrimp Panini and the Tomato Basil Soup. Delicious combination. The staff is wonderful and friendly. Great experience.
There are not many places you can go where everything on the menu is delicious, hot krust pulls it off though.  So making any particular recommendation on what to order seems like a mute point when everything is tasty.   I eat lunch here about 3 days a week now after discovering it about a month ago.  The first time we went in, the owner explained the entire menu.  He made everything sound delicious, so I preceded to order a panini, soup and sweet potato fries.  Don't do this, it's just too much food...but it was all really good. The main gripe on a lot of the yelp reviews is that it's on the pricy side.  It's true you can get lunch for less money other places, but you'd end up eating frozen processed meats and sides high on sodium/fat/sugar to compensate for flavor.  Not having that remorseful "why did I eat that" feeling after lunch is worth a few extra bucks to me. I can tell you with confidence that you'll really like this place.  My only complaint is that the shopping center is annoying to get in & out of.
Amazing! So Fresh! So Good! The manager was so nice to explain his menu to us. The Black bean Cactus soup was fantastic. We will be back over and over again.
I'm really enjoying this place, ever since losing Press 101 I had tried other places that didn't measure up, until Hot Krust came along and knocked my socks off. Serving up high quality delicious paninis, salads and soups, it's the perfect lunch spot for those working in the area. My three favorite Paninis are: Fondu Turkey - I'm a cheese lover and this is just loaded with some great cheeses. Havarti, Monterrey Jack, and cream cheese with the delicious roast turkey accompanied by red onion, tomato and fresh pesto. This is my go to, because it never lets me down. Amanti Chicken - Roasted Chicken with roasted bell peppers and melted provolone cheese sings along it's choir of sun dried tomatoes, pesto sauce and a little lite mayo. Florentine Chicken- Chicken and spinach go so well together that it is amazing I never though of putting it on a sandwich. This roasted chicken panini is melted in delicious creamy Havarti cheese, spinach, pesto and lite mayo. Also try the cactus chili... you won't be disappointed. I have to tell you I'm still working down the menu but so far everything I have tried is delicious, quality and fresh. Service is friendly and smiles are plentiful.
Since the Hot Krust Panini Kitchen opened in the Dr. Phillips area of Orlando people are taking notice.  From the local Fox TV news station to some of the area pro basketball players and pro golfers, lots of people are taken notice and singing the praises of this tiny little gem.  Hot Krust is tucked into a little corner next to Whole Foods, directly next door to the flashy bright orange signage of Dunkin' Donuts.  If you blink you might miss it.  Hopefully you don't because you'd be missing out. First of all, the ingredients are all fresh.  The meats have no preservatives, no artificial colors, no additives, no growth hormones or steroids.  They do not use butter or grease in any of their food.  Sounds healthy, yes? We visited twice and both times we were greeted by the owner Evan.  A man who obviously has a huge passion for serving a high quality product.  A man who has a fierce passion for his restaurant and pleasing every person who visits.  He has done well. Our first visit Chad opted for the Catch-Of-The-Day which was a Mahi panini with a Chipotle Ranch sauce, lettuce, tomato and onion.  The very generous portion of Mahi was meaty and flaky and pressed with multigrain bread.  Other bread choices include white and gluten-free. I ordered the Coconut Tilapia Panini.  A juicy piece of Talipia coated with coconut, mango and pineapple crumbles.  Absolutely delicious. I had a simple salad with my sandwich while Chad enjoyed the Waffle Fries.  There is a condiment station where you can find a collection of Fat Cat sauces.  Fat Cat is a local company that makes wonderful hot sauces to accompany about anything.  I enjoyed dipping Chad's waffle fries in their Papaya Pequin Passion sauce- a blend of papaya, pineapple and pequin peppers. Our second visit came on the heels of me winning a panini or salad of my choice via a Facebook contest.  They have contests for free food often- you can like their Facebook page here.  I chose the Shrimp Milan salad with grilled shrimp, roasted red pepper, black olives and feta cheese tossed in a Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing.  You know how sometimes a salad is just a big bowl of lettuce with a few toppings and by the end you are eating straight lettuce?  That wasn't the case here.  I had a lot of shrimp and they were not skimpy on the other toppings.  Excellent. I also found another of the Fat Cat sauces that was excellent on my salad- their award winning Purry Purry sauce (which I also used with my side order of spicy curly fries.) Chad got the Alibaba Veggie panini with hummus, mozzarella, red onion, lettuce and tomato.  He enjoyed it very much.  Accompanied by a side of sweet potato fries, he had a filling and satisfying meal. One more thing to note- the fries are not fried.  As a matter of fact, there is no deep fryer in the Hot Krust kitchen.  And the fries are made to order thus ensuring freshness. Overall, this is one of our favorite sandwich/salad spots in Orlando.  Slightly pricy but then again, Dr. Phillips is one of the more pricy areas in the metro area.  Another bonus though, Evan opens his doors at 8:30am so you can can stop in and pick up a salad or a sandwich for your lunch later on your way to work.  There are plenty of options for those on a Vegetarian or Gluten-Free diet too.
I don't know how I missed this nice sandwich place since I go to the Whole Foods store so often, and it is literally right next to the Whole Foods. I stopped by for a veggie vacation with baked sweet potato waffles. The red onion is a little bit overpowering other flavors in the Panini, but the hot crusted bread is absolutely delicious. I also quite enjoy the sweet potato waffles. Judging by the local celebrity photo covered wall, it is quite a local hot spot. I will definitely return to try more items, plus their staff is very nice and attentive. Now I am actually looking forward to go back to the crowded and over priced grocery store.
Awesome place! Lots of different panini options all with maximum flavor and health conscious options. Sweet potato fries are baked and are sooo good. The owner is very friendly and has a great staff! Definitely will be back!!!!!
Damn !  Better than ever! Try his European micro brews when you go! I believe mine was from Croatia.It's not a light beer, and once it warmed up just a little, some truly great flavors come out.- (sorry name not listed on the receipt) Had this Burger-nini-Ruben tonight. This is a large grilled Angus burger, mild sauerkraut, thousand island dressing and Provolone on his DE-LICIOUS whole grain panini. You will eat the entire thing - even if it hurts. Man FIVE STARS for this muncher. Baked spicy waffle fries missed nary-a beat too - never hittin' any hot grease that is. You will notice the fresh non-processed differences in this meal. This location is a bit hard to spot, but worth your effort. I have vowed to go outoftheway more often to try more of this very fresh and unique menu list. I'm told n' sold,  a Grouper panini will be on the menu  later this week! Oh, Try his Pumpkin soup too. Bacon lovers will be so delighted with this wonderful concoction of pumpkin, apples and -don't wait for it- BACON. If you wait it will disappear if not dining alone. I asked how large of a to go bucket could be ordered! Really Good Stuff made from Really Good Stuff.
This will become a staple of our visits to Orlando.  Menu seems interesting but nothing I'd normally go out of my way for, but I was curious from the Yelp! Reviews.   Glad we tried it.   The combinations of ingredients, freshness & preparation created great lunch!  The turkey fondue was great, the cream cheese adding just enough smoothness to seem like fondue, while the tomato & red onion & pesto added nice flavors.  Zach tried the Honey-Am-Nuts ( chicken, almonds& honey mustard) & loved it.  Jacob told the owner that the kids turkey & cheese was really good, and Keith liked the Pancetta Shrimp & Cactus Chili.  The sweet potato & curly fries were great, baked & still crunchy as if fried.   Other reviews mention no fryer here, no preservatives, additives, or hormones.  The owner was nice & came to talk with us,  he even ran out of the store to the back of the parking lot to return a little old lady's cane before she drove away.  Prices were reasonable - sandwiches range from $5.99 - $7.99.  You should try this place if in the Orlando area.
Got the buffalo chicken panini ($7) with sweet potato waffle fries. They came out very quickly with the food but my fries weren't sweet potato. I asked about it and without hesitation they made me some sweet potato ones anyway (without the extra charge), even though they were right. That's great customer service. My panini was also pretty decent. Good amount of meat sauce and bread ratio. Food was probably 4 stars, but with customer service like I experienced here, you know you could trust these guys here and that boosts overall rating to 5. Great job Hot Krust!
Run by two of the nicest people I've ever met!  Husband and wife team!  They love delivering the best quality food to your table and their cactus chili is the best!
Our first stop on our winter vacation here and we were greeted with a smile and enthusiasm! The cashier was very friendly and knowledgeable and I loved that they're transparent with ingredients and how they make their food. Their food... AMAZING! my parents usually don't like sandwich-related products but they loved every bite of their Catch Me If You Can and Volcano Melt. If we had more time in Orlando, I'd definitely be back, but for sure later on. must try: Sweet Potato Waffle Fries. best thing they have! & ask for their juice of the day. Very fresh and perfect to go with a nice lunch.
Atmosphere: no thrills functional deli style seating and out door patio dining, business and shopping crowd, out door is dog friendly Staff: very friendly helpful and warm. (Even brought a water dish for my pooch) A+++ Food: fries(had both the regular waffle & sweet potatoe) both delicious crunchy and rapidly exited from the table into my stomach Gobble gobble panini(turkey) - warm flavorful and I gobbled it Cactus chili- get a bowl, portion size was just right , had good spice kick and seasoned well Nutella panini- my mini me ate this, but I tried it and it was yummy. Nutella was the star and left the meal painted in my child lips, cheeks and fingers Drinks- fountain and self serve. Overall 5/5 : yummy paninis, great for lunch, fast friendly service, dog friendly, child friendly, a definite return customer
Came by cuz of the reviews, now I kno why it has good reviews, not too expensive, 10-15 for a good sandwich and it comes with a drink and soup. Great value, would come back again.
We stopped in tonight after spending too much money at the parks for mediocre food. Man were we impressed!!! Every time we come up to Orlando, this is going to be a must-stop for us! The gentleman who greeted us made sure to explain the food, made very good suggestions and maybe us feel at home at his restaurant. We left with full stomachs and it didn't break the bank! Try something you normally wouldn't, you will not be disappointed!!
I love this place! The owner, Evan, was so helpful, approachable and clearly passionate about the food he is serving. I ordered the Catch of the Day and it consisted of blackened mahi mahi and great toasted wheat bread. I loved it! The flavor was amazing! I also got the sweet potato fries (baked not fried!) and they were CRAZY TASTY! I really like the location (close to me!) and all the soup, salad, and sandwich choices. It will take me a while to try/get through everything, but I can't wait to go back again! Oh, and they have this really super selection of craft and foreign beer... so I recommend checking this place out JUST for that - although the food is also soooo good! I think I am maxed out on my "exclamation mark" quota, so I'll stop here.
This place definitely lives up to the Yelp and Trip Advisor hype.  I was SO glad that we went here while vacationing in Orlando.   The location is central, the staff was welcoming and the food was fresh!   My daughter and I both ordered turkey panini's on multi-grain bread with avocado, bacon etc and a side of waffle fries.  The sandwiches were delivered to our table hot, fresh and very tasty!.   I wished that I had tried a side of the cactus chili.  A number of diners around us were eating it and it looked really good.  This place is a definitely a must when visiting Orlando!
I have to admit I wasn't expecting anything from this place as it looks like a fast food joint, but they had sweet potato fries on the menu and I was really craving some so we went. Boy was I wrong! The sweet potato fries were baked making them a wonderfully healthy option that still tasted awesome! As we were looking at the menu the staff let us know that all of their meat is hormone free and no preservatives. Most sandwich places are using processed meats so I was again impressed. I enjoyed the BBQ chicken salad which had a great sized serving for their cheap prices. I will be back!
Hot Krust is one of my favorite spots in Orlando. It is my go-to lunch spot! The owner, Evan, is a really great owner, and treats his customers like family. The sweet potato waffle fries are DELICIOUS and BAKED, not fried. So tasty.. especially with a side of chipotle ranch! I've tried many of the paninis and none of them have disappointed me, but my most favorite is the Hula Hoop Chicken on multigrain bread. Everything is fresh and delicious... A must-try!
Great customer service hula hoop is my favorite! The cactus chilli soup is out of this world! Evan is the man! Great place to check out!
This place is located in a nice area next to Whole Foods Market.  We came for lunch and were greeted by the owner who was very friendly and since it was our first time he was helpful in making recommendations about the menu.  I chose the florentine panini and my bf got the burger-nini.  Both were real good.  The ingredients tasted fresh and not processed.  The chili cactus soup was flavorful and not bad either. Sweet potato waffle fries were baked instead of fried which was a nice change and healthier. I was glad to see that they had outdoor seating which we enjoyed our meal on a sunny beautiful day.  We'll definitely come back to try out other menu items.
Outstanding food, good prices, and the epitome of first class customer service. I can't say enough about the food: fresh quality ingredients and flavor combinations that'll make your mouth happy. The owner/operator Evan is beyond passionate about his restaurant and it shows. I brought some friends and family here a few weeks back and one of them gave Evan a hard time about the use of ketchup packets as opposed to bottles. Evan took the criticism in stride and a good amount of playful banter ensued. After some investigation it turns out they use packets over bottles because bottles carry a lot of germs but Evan still promised my friend that he'd run over to Whole Foods and buy him his own bottle next time he came back. I honestly could go on and on about how great this place is across the board but just know that you need to check it out for yourself FUN FACT: They also show love to other local small businesses by stocking the Fat Cat brand of sauces (fatcatfoods.com), the Purry Purry sauce is my favorite. 5 WORD SUMMARY: Yummy Yummy In My Tummy!
So yummy! I got the Meat Lovers sandwich with a side of potato fries, so good. The serving size is big enough to split between two people. Great service, they bring the food right out to your table and the wait wasn't bad either. I will definitely come back here for another sandwich and would recommend it to others, enjoy!
Delicious panini, fresh ingredients, friendly staff... Will be back for sure! As a matter of fact I've been craving another bite since I left this place.
Great atmosphere and good food.  Win/win!
The food was good, the prices were high, the service outstanding. The friendly man behind the counter, who I assume was a manager or owner of the place, was very helpful with our order and patient.  As it was our first time there, we did not know what to order. Shrimp Salad- 2 stars:  This was pretty bland, the shrimp wasn't very flavorful, if I was blindfolded I dont even know if I would know I was eating shrimp. The dressing was so unremarkable I cannot even remember anything about it to type. Turkey sandwich- 4.5 stars: This was very enjoyable.  It was melted just right with the right amount of ingredients, but was not perfect and I can't quite put my finger on why. spicy hot waffle fries- 2 stars:  They were tasty, don't get me wrong, but when I pay an extra $1 or so for the spicy fries, I expect them to be more flavorful than seasoning salt, which is what they put on it.  I thought they had given me the wrong order until I looked at the other fries and noticed they were just a different color.  Had they not charged me extra, the fries would have been a 4.  They also gave me very little, I assume it was because I got the last of the bag and they had run out for the day, but come on, give me a discount or something! All in all, it was okay, I would try it again if I were in the area, but nothing to rave about.
I love this place! The decor is simple, bright and clean. The menu boards are fancy digital displays with pics of the fresh options available. They also have Fat Cat sauces to sample and purchase. If you haven't tried Hot Krust you are missing out on fresh, never processed or frozen meats, baked waffle fries and healthy soups and salads.  On a recent visit, I had the 8 oz Burgernini on multigrain panini with cheese, lettuce, onion and a tangy barbecue sauce.  The burger is huge!  I took half home! The husband had the Philly cheesesteak that I had on my first visit.  He said the flavors were great and I completely agree. I also had some of Hot Krust's signature cactus chili.  Such great flavors with chunks of meat and veggies. Spicy goodness!  The hubs had the tomato bisque. Even though I am not a tomato fan...this creamy bisque is delish! I definitely recommend it. My picky tot even tried (and liked) her first panini today (not pressed)...the peanut butter and strawberry jelly option from the kids' menu!  She also got a fresh baked chocolate chip cookie with her panini. The hubs wants to try the mahi sandwich or salad on his next visit. And, if the gator meat returns to the menu he is on it! Last but not least, I found out that Hot Krust has a breakfast panini available! They open at 8:30 a.m.!  I am sure that fresh baked hashbrown tastes better than the deep fried greasy option from a nearby fast-food joint. If you enjoy eating healthy, this place is for you.  Evan is the owner and is one of the nicest folks in the business.  This should be on your short-list of local places to eat!
I walked into Hot Krust Panini Kitchen not knowing anything about it and left loving it.  I meet the owner Evan Dimov and he's so genuinely nice and super passionate about this place!  Everything is fresh, no processed meats and they don't even have a deep fryer.  I did have a little difficulty locating this place.  It's somewhat hidden from the main road of Turkey Lake but it's next to Barnie's right by the Whole Foods. I had the cactus chili first.  It was hearty but not the typical dense chili I was accustomed to.  The menu description lists: "Savory cactus, ground beef, diced tomatoes, onions, corn, northern beans & spinach in a spicy broth."  Spicy broth?  Well, it wasn't THAT spicy which is fine since some people's heat tolerance can be quite low.  The cactus chili wasn't just a name, it actually had cactus in it.  That was a first for me but no complaints on my end.  Next, I tried the waffle fries.  Hot Krust offers three types of waffle fries where are regular, spicy and sweet potato.  These fries are actually baked so I didn't feel as guilty about eating them. Then I see the Burgernini "HK Monster".  Wow, what is this?  I took a bite and wanted more!  The  100% Angus beef burger patty was cooked perfectly.  Wait, am I eating fries in it too?  Yep but it works especially with the BBQ-honey mustard sauce.  I can't say that I've ever heard of a burgernini before but whatever this is, it's just great.  The actual size of this sandwich is an 8 ounce burger on a huge bun.  The Cowboy Jack was my second favorite sandwich.  It has steak, horseradish peppercorn, black olives, tomatoes, spinach, red onions and Monterrey Jack cheese.  Fear not, the horseradish peppercorn is mild.  It does sound a bit intense but the sandwich is seriously fantastic. The Florentine chicken panini had roasted chicken, sundried tomatoes, havarti cheese, spinach,  lite mayo & pesto sauce.  It was really good.  And I mean, really good.  The Buffalo Bill Chicken (chicken, buffalo sauce, onions, jalapeno peppers, lettuce, provolone cheese and blue cheese crumbles) was a bit strong on the blue cheese flavor.  A little blue cheese definitely goes a long way and in this instance it managed to overpower the other ingredients. The Alibaba Veggie (hummus, fresh mozzarella, red onions, lettuce and tomatoes) was good but Veggie Vacation (freshly roasted portobello mushroom, Swiss cheese, bell pepper, pesto, spinach, red onions and tomatoes) was even better.  They definitely don't skimp out on the toppings here. I've tried enough sandwiches here that I bet everybody will find something they'll like.  The price of the food is definitely reasonable considering the quality of the food here. This place may be small but the flavor certainly isn't!
Their bread is the bomb and I love, love, LOVE their Signature Chili Cactus Soup! So good, and their website describes it as "spicy." I didn't find it too spicy, but I did find it too delicious! Wanted more. Baked to order sweet potato waffle fries are delicious sprinkled with Fat Cat Surprisingly Mild Guajillo Ghost sauce. Plenty crispy for me and I am one of those annoying people that usually ask for my fries to be cooked extra crispy. Great service, kind owner, delicious food at reasonable price points. Good stuff.
