If I could give this place 6 stars, I would. Yelp really needs to add the 6th star for this restaurant. We found out about Kappo when we were researching dining options in Orlando, since we made a pretty last minute booking to Disneyworld. After reading all the wonderful reviews, we decided that we HAD to visit this place. Unfortunately, the online reservation system showed that the restaurant was fully booked till Dec. I decided to take a chance and begged for a reservation through email, since we were flying across the country. Fortunately, they were willing to accommodate us for a Sat 4pm seating for the sushi omakase. (Would have loved to go for dinner omakase instead, but that was fully booked) The restaurant is pretty small, in fact, it is literally a hole in the wall. They seat only about 7-8 people at the sushi bar counter, and you can watch the chefs prepare the food right in front of you, which just makes the experience that much better. We started off with a half dozen of oysters, 2 of each kind, all from the West Coast. There were 3 different types of accompaniment, which was quite a delight. This was followed up by a sashimi platter of trout, scallops, sea bream and ikura, all slightly seared and rubbed with a little yuzu pepper. We saw that they had a special king crab dish served with burgundy truffle in the ala-carte menu, and requested to try that. The dish was beautifully presented with the king crab meat sitting on top of the truffle sauce, topped with egg vinaigrette and shavings of black truffles. The combination was perfect and it made me want to lick the plate at the end. In fact, we both liked it so much, my boyfriend almost didnt want to share that last piece. Next up was the sushi, served piece by piece. We were given wet towels to wipe our hands, since it was recommended for us to use our hands for the sushi as using chopsticks would cause it to fall apart. As the sushi was being prepared, the conversations flowed. We had lion fish, sea bream, trout, scallop, king crab, lobster, salmon belly... I forgot to take a picture of the salmon belly sushi, and they happily made one more for me, just for the pictures. Of course I gobbled it down greedily :P We chatted with Mark and Lo about food in San Francisco, and casually mentioned that we were disappointed that foie gras was banned in California.  Following which, they served us a sushi with foie gras custard, uni and quail egg. This was totally orgasmic as we popped the sushi into our mouths. They also served us a foie gras terrine topped with sturgeon caviar. This was very very good too. We discussed how to make the foie gras terrine and this dish has definitely inspired us to retry making it again. In fact, they gave us some pink salt to bring home since it was needed to cure the foie. How thoughtful! Just as we were getting full, our final dish was an ikura handroll. In my opinion, this was the weakest dish in the entire omakase menu. Desserts were meant for a separate stomach, and we enjoyed a persimmon ice dessert topped with cream and walnuts. This was very light and refreshing. Great for cleansing the palate. We also had another plate of yuzu marshmellow (Very very light), matcha cake (served warm, and oh so good), mango something (sorry I can't pronounce the name)... kinda like a jelly thing, and the ultimate miso macaron. The surprising combination of savory umami and sweetness worked extremely well. It was so good we packed another 6 pcs home! The total bill came out to be $140+ for 2 people. It was well worth the price, and we were very very very happy with the experience. We even got 2 free onigiris to bring back. Mark, Lo and Jen were extremely friendly and the entire culture and atmosphere of the restaurant makes you feel very homey.. kinda like going to a friend's house for dinner. It was evident that they had many regular customers, since they greeted everyone like old friends and were super eager to feed everyone (sometimes even for free). If I were to be nitpicky, I'd say that there was too much seared fish. Perhaps it was because the fish were not as fresh as they'd liked it to be, so they tried to dress it a little? Or maybe they just wanted to be creative and go with the flow. To be clear, the fish here IS fresh. I'd have loved to have some plain nigiri sushi. But that's just me. They've only been open for 3 months, but I heard they've got the lease for 2 years in the incubator. I can't wait to see all the great things they come up with. I'm sure they'll be very successful wherever they go. I just wish that they'd preserve that culture and atmosphere as they continue to grow. Keep up the good work guys!! And definitely come visit SF bay! :)
I've now eaten twice at Kappo, once at lunch and once at dinner. Both times were spectacular. Quality of product was exceptional, preparation and presentation were excellent, service and knowledge were also excellent. Maybe what I love the most is the presentation, with all the beautiful little dishes and cups, everything in its place and for its purpose. Watching the owners prepare the food right in front of you is the real fun, like educational and beautiful dinner theater. Watching them sear a whole duck, and place shellfish just so on tiny plates, and grate horseradish root right on the plate--that is really enjoyable. The food is rich and beautiful, and dinner is an extensive (and expensive) proposition; we sat down at 7:30 and didn't leave until 10:30  on a week night. You eat what they prepare (with accommodations for allergies and some preferences stated ahead), and there is no discussion of a menu or money. (Note that lunch is different, and cheaper, but there are plenty of lunch reviews, so I'll focus on dinner). I'll describe the eight + courses, but the photos are what you really want to look at. First course came in a black lacquer bento box with clam with sturgeon, Chef's Creek oyster with citrus and wasabi, Steamboat oyster with lobster, eggplant in dashi with group, a cup of mushrooms (shitake, trumpet, chanterell) in dashi. That was course one of 8. Second came a soup with lobster tofu and lobster egg, shrimp coated in rice cracker, and mushrooms. Then third the sashimi course: spanish mackerel, cobia, arctic char with trout roe...beautiful. Then two different foie gras dishes. First, foie gras custard with West Coast uni, wasabi, oma dashi jelly, and slices of Burgundy truffles. Followed by seared foi gras slices over ground pine nuts (like a thin peanut butter) with figs. Course six was the duck, which had been seared and stuffed with herbs. Seven little fire pots with tiny grills were assembled in front of us and topped with arugula from the front garden, slices of duck, mushrooms, and topped with a little Japanese pepper. By course seven it was hard to keep eating, but we powered through. A bowl of grains--farrow, shortgrain rice, and wild rice--topped with a poached Lake Meadow egg, crispy brocolini, crispy duck skin, and mixed with confit duck and baby shitake, A small bowl of vegetable dashi was served on the side. Two desserts followed, a tiny dorayaki (pancake filled with red bean cream) for one savory bite. Then frozen persimmon with cream and tiny bits of frozen meringue. And if that wasn't enough, Jen gave us each a tiny box filled with petit four to take home. In sum, this was really more than a meal. It was an aesthetic experience. Of course, East End Market is a business incubator, and Kappo is incubating. They have seven seats and no phone, and it's intentionally not easy to get a reservation (which is apparently making some people angry). I hear they are taking reservations for several months out now. That's fine, as it's giving them time to learn (not about food, which they are clearly experts on, but about kitchen costs and prep time and so on). Also, this food isn't going to be for everyone--it's rich, much of it is raw, the textures are often creamy. And Mark, Lo, and Jen are working very hard to give each of the seven people each dish, assembled carefully by hand. This wouldn't work a a high volume concept, and they certainly can't stop to answer the phone while they are assembling your sashimi. So if you think it's for you, send them an email and they will get back to you. It will be worth the wait.
I had lunch here with a friend and ours was a super-attentive, amazing experience! We sprang for the $35 per person five-course tasting menu and settled in at the small bar (seats about 7-8) for what we hoped was going to be a fantastic meal ... and it was. I can't even remember everything we had, but it was all fresh and delicious. Some of the things I do recall--a lovely fresh sashimi plate that included scallop seared by a blowtorch just moments earlier; a foie gras custard; a delicious pork rib in the best corn miso ever (I had every drop of it, it was that good); a rice bowl with burdock root, pickled daikon, the deepest, reddest salmon ever, and other tasty items; panko-breaded sweetbreads in a cucumber sauce that was amazing; two types of oysters, one with sake jelly cubes atop it; cured flounder; and a persimmon dessert that was out of the world. Everything was served in beautiful serving dishes, some unique. As we sat, we saw others get different items all around us. The air was of excitement: "What did you get? Is it good?" Many people seemed like they had been here before, knew the owners, etc. And twice one of the chefs burst into spontaneous song to the delight of everyone nearby. Sit down, spend several hours with some sake and the chefs, and let them offer you an experience like you would find in Japan.
Oh my god. This is amazing. My wife and I have tried Omakese in NYC, LA, and Vegas @ 125-150/per person and this is as good as if not better at 33/per person. If you love sushi do yourself a favor and visit this place. We went during lunch and luckily got a seat.  To top it off the service was so personable and friendly. I would give this place 10 stars if I could!
Omakase, leave it to them!  The most authentic sushi experience we have EVER had.  Reservations for weekend dinners need to be made at least 2 months in advance.  I loved the fact that the food is prepared to bring out the natural freshness and flavor of the fish. Very careful, artistic preparation, not drowned in sauces. This is not just a meal, its an experience!
Kappo- 20 by 10 sq ft where staff may spontaneously break out into a soulful remix of the Itsy bitsy spider (dance moves and all) while crafting Japanese delicacies! The unique market stall set up of east end allows for an intimate meal where you get to hang out with the staff as they prepare your food, ask questions to your heart's content and even take some sake shots with them!  They have "cut out the middle man" this way, without making any sacrifices in service and quality. If you choose to sit at Kappo's bar which squeezes in roughly 8, be prepared to wait at least 30 min.  Or you can opt to sit at one of the other stalls (like skyebird & lineage) if they're closed.  Ordering basically means choosing a combination of sushi (w/rice), sashimi (no rice), maki (hand roll) or temaki (although it's usually cone shaped, theirs is more like a burrito).  The ingredients used in the pieces will be up to the chef, but I assure you it will be amazing!  Keeping true to the market nature, they also offer premade rolls, onigiri and icecream to go and the flavors/fillings change daily. The first course we had was 3 pieces of sushi and 3 pieces of sashimi.  The second was 8 pieces of sushi served one at a time, so each was different, followed by temaki.  Highlights for me included lion fish, salmon belly topped with a ginger, pine nut and bacon paste and scallop topped with truffle salt.  We were then treated to a sorbet made from chu hai (I'm 99% sure anyway, I learned a lot of new words tonight haha).  But wait, there's more!! They surprised us with a plate of local fruits which included star fruit, peaches, pears and blackberry topped with a soy milk creme anglaise.  I had to stop myself from licking the plate! Besides wanting to continue stuffing my face, I also had a hard time leaving because hanging with the staff was such a blast!! They impressively dance around a small space (literally, dance to Abba and the Philippino version of Cake) and put so much care into every piece of food they put on your plate.  This is no surprise since they have cooked in top restaurants in NYC and studied in Italy.  I'm just glad they have brought their talents here :)
Food: I had lunch here with a friend and it was a great experience. You could really tell the freshness of the food. The fish melted in your mouth and had a pristine taste of the ocean. I had the chirashi bowl. The different types of fish and veggies kept everything interesting. All the little touches from the blow torching of the fish to the pickling of the daikon made for a truly memorable experience. I liked how the food came with a story. Presentation was clean with consistent cuts. Hand roll was a bit sloppy in presentation though. Value: Initially, I felt that the menu was over priced looking at their costs for their take out menu, but I left very satisfied and I think the quality of the product matches the price. It really is similar to some of the nicer sushi places in Orlando. Service: Everyone was very friendly and smiling... Smiles can really go a long way in my book. All the staff was very attentive and had a nice sense of humor. You could really tell they were knowledgeable and cared about the product they serve I think some others have commented food comes out slowly, but it really depends on the time of day depending on how many people are coming for take out etc. We did have to wait a bit for a table and food, but once I can see this being hit and miss. I never had an empty glass of water which is always a sign of great service. Ambiance: Like everything else in the East End.. a little bit hipster. The sushi bar only with the 7-8 seats made it feel pretty exclusive, and definitely a place I wanted to be. Special Notes: We even came at the right time, as a persimmon farmer came to chat with the owner and we received a complementary persimmon sorbet which was definitely something I've never seen before. Overall: Great place to hang out / for a date. Among the best sushi in Orlando.
This is the BEST Sushi place in all of Orlando. The fish is always fresh, the flavors eclectic and the atmosphere always brings my zen.
Had our farewell Orlando lunch yesterday at Kappo and I had the sushi omakase meal and it was to die for! I literally had sushi sweats halfway through the meal. It was so good. It was beyond my expectations and literally blew me away. I could not have asked for anything more. It took a good 2 whole hours to have my meal and honestly it was worth it. Mark, Lo and Jen made sure I was taken care of, and everyone else who came in while I was there. Everything is made fresh right in front of you. The fist time we were there Mark filleted a fish right in front of us and gave it to a customer and during my farewell meal Lo was making a lobster soup with a lobster that just came in! From breaking down the lobster to cooking it on an induction burner right in front of us! Besides the AMAZING food they treat their customers like family.  While I was there everyone that came to sit down or pick up food was treated like family.  They knew mostly everyone by name that came through and if they didn't they would provide the customer(s) with personalized service that would help them remember who they were when they came back. All I have to say is look at the pictures that I have posted and it will make you want to go there now! This is the kind of sushi place where they do not give you a little platter where you can place soy sauce and Wasabi in it and then you dip your fish in that sauce ruining the perfectly crafted fish that they just handed to you. This is a place where they make their own homemade sauce and toppings to match each piece of fish that they serve perfectly! Just thinking about it makes my mouth water and want to get a round trip ticket back to Orlando just to eat there again! :-) Remember if you do get the omakase meal it means: Omakase (お任せ o-makase?) is a Japanese phrase that means "I'll leave it to you" (from Japanese "to entrust" (任せる makaseru?)) While I was there another customer ordered the omakase meal as well and I saw him get different nigiri pieces that I didn't get with mine. It all looked delicious and I would have loved to try it all but again I was already having the sushi sweats so I probably couldn't eat another bite. Plus it is omakase and he was probably creating his own personalized sushi experience to give him the best sushi experience that matched his tastes better. :-) This place has officially ruined all other sushi places for me!
I went again and it was good again - go figure
Florida's finest Edomae Authentic Japanese Experience!  Mark, Lo and Jen have dedicated this small 6 seat space to the finest Sushi, Sashimi and Authentic Japanese Shop fare available anywhere is the Sunshine state. Now Orlando's finest fish experience is available every day but Monday at East End Market.   Don't miss out on the freshest fish...Mark's expertly prepared Ngiri, Sashimi and Omekase, Lo's savory dishes and Jen's expertly prepared desserts that will tantalize the senses. Incredible!   Mark, Lo and Jen have worked at some of the world's finest restaurants in NYC and London and it shows.   Make a dinner reservation or be prepared to wait.  It's well worth it! By the way...No stuffy experience here.  Mark, Lo and Jen are passionate about the food and as friendly as anyone you will ever meet.  Enjoy the conversation, learn about the food and leave craving it all over again.
Omakase...  These guys (and a gal) are the real deal.  You are getting quality of fish, freshness of ingredients and a style that you usually only find in $200 a person omakase bars. It's a great experience.
High quality 'Jiro Dreams of Sushi'-type sushi-- CHECK! I was blown away by this place. Everyday the menu of Japanese dishes changes and their prepackaged food is super fresh and delightful! I got the Aka Shiso (tuna maki) which included shiso greens from the East End Mkt garden. Lo let me know it is like a Japanese mint. It was so subtle and amazing! He also grated fresh wasabi for the dish. I have never had fresh wasabi and it was sweet and potent. We then went with the Ookii- a rice bowl of amazing fresh seafood and greens. It was presented beautifully and each slice of fish was lightly marinated in soy sauce so there was no need to add any extra. The fish on hand included salmon, coba, tuna, king crab (amazing and lemon-y!), and scallop slices that were charred. The dish also included perfectly cooked sushi rice that was so good I could have eaten it by itself. Then we moved on to dessert. Jen is the former pastry chef of a top London restaurant and it shows. This was worth going back for alone. We ordered the fruit plate. It included litchi, a litchi-like fruit that has long spikes, sliced citrus of some sort, blueberries (some are meticulously sliced in half), passion fruit, a lime sorbet, and more. Seriously- check out the picture!! It was a revelation. We also got the petit fours with tea. The petit fours came with an unbelievable miso caramel macaroon, a tiny and delicate yuzu marshmallow, and a truffle. The tea we chose was the hot Genmaicha tea. It was earthy and tasted of rice in the best way you can imagine. To top everything off we got the Maicha Milk Tea with soy milk. This is prepackaged and worth getting next time in at EEM. Cold, sweet, green, amazing!
I just went here for lunch and I'm already daydreaming about my next visit back. Seriously. A friend and I split the 5 course tastings menu (Yes!! You can split them!) and got an additional roll. Everything is prepared one by one right in front of your eyes; perfectly placed, complex flavor and texture combinations, bite-size pieces of "Gimmie More"! The tastings menus change, sometimes by the half hour, as told by the sushi chef. Don't expect to get what I got, but expect to eat something equally as amazing.
Amazing! Such unique and flavorful menu items. And the fish is SO fresh! I take some of the chirashi bowls home for lunch regularly. I almost took away a star  because the place is tiny! Since it's so delicious (and popular), it's very hard to get a seat. But the food definitely makes up for the lack of seating...it's so worth the wait.
They dream up the menu daily and bring it to life right in front of your eyes. If there's a tasting menu - go for it! The food is phenomenal, but what's even better are the owners that are running the show behind the bar. And it is a show - it's hard to take your eyes away from them as they prep each dish. What an incredible group of people that clearly have a lot of culinary experience and stories to share, and bring a ton of passion to the table. I walked away from my lunch wanting to tell all of my friends what a cool experience it was. They even make sushi and some other things that are available up in a cold case to grab and go, which they were prepping and putting out while we were lunching, and it all looked really good! If you're a sushi lover - it's a must do. Don't bring too many friends at once, though. There's only enough space at the bar for 7-8 ppl at a time.
The best sushi place, fresh fish, friendly stuff....we will be back for sure......:) You need to try this place .... Once you try it you will never go to any other Japanese restaurant in town
Amazing and probably the best sushi and best sushi experience in central Florida.   Everything is incredible.  Ask the staff for their recommendations and they will point you in the right direction. The best thing is the service is so kind and personal-you just don't find such lovely service like this.  Please go and enjoy - you will be glad you did.   They also have dinners thurs- sat you can reserve a head of time.
I'm in love. I have gone twice now and I was blown away both times. First, we must talk about the food. Not only is the fish fresh, it is expertly-and creatively- prepared. I don't even usually like ika, but when Mark (I think is his name) warmed it with a blowtorch, I was forced to rethink that decision. And then there was the salmon nigiri with Japanese peppers and cherry tomatoes- so simple, but it made me question why anybody would use cream cheese with salmon when they could just use fresh, sweet tomatoes. (Actually I question why anybody uses cream cheese with sushi anyway, but that's a different conversation.) Another confusing moment was when I ate crab brain... and enjoyed it. Sorry though guys, I'm not ready for frog legs quite yet. Jen's desserts are equally amazing- her macaroon was the best that I've had outside of Paris. The overall experience added just as much to my meal. I love the decor, the music, even the cookware... Mark and Jen are both really fun to chat with, and watching all of the food being prepared is hypnotic. Ok. Enough words. It's my new favorite. Just go, and at least try everything that they put down in front of you. They just might change your mind about food.
OMG THIS PLACE IS SOOOOO DELICIOUSLY MOUTHWATERINGLY FRESH AND SATISFYING!!! It made my entire day so happy!!!! The Omekase tasting menu was A-MAZING. It never occurred to me in my WILDEST dreams that Orlando could possibly provide food remotely comparable to Tokyo's Tsukiji market, the largest and best fish market in the world, but I felt like I was dining there!!!! One of the main reasons I felt this way is because of how passionate and strict they are about the quality and presentation of their food. They put so much effort and detail into every dish they prepare. It's pretty rare to find genuine quality in restaurant food!!! There were so many courses that I lost count and every course was heavenly! This is one of the least expensive, best tasting menus I've had anywhere in the ENTIRE WORLD. Still not sure if I'm dreaming or not! HA HA
You've read the reviews now stop reading and just get up and go. It's worth it.
The sushi was phenomenal Very creative and delicious Awesome chefs-very passionate and kind Go support these guys they deserve the best!!!!!
If you love authenticity, amazing food and great people THIS is your spot. It's obvious that not only do they know what they're doing when it comes to food, but they love it and are passionate about it as well. Every time we come here we try something different. From the Chirashi to the amazing Onigiri to the fantastic sorbet .... They are definitely hitting it out of the park each and every time. This is definitely our favorite spot in Orlando! Go check it out!
This place is awesome! I am a lover of the uni and I got 3 different kinds when I went there.West coast, east coast, and LIVE! I had the uni chirashi, sashimi chirashi, and the 5 piece nigiri, chefs choice. Seriously the best I've ever had! I know what I like when I go places and when I came here I was totally ok with Mark giving me whatever fish he felt fit.  And I must say, I never was a fan of salmon but everything that was in that bowl including salmon was great. You can see how they care about quality and change their options everyday depending on the market so you can always get something different. Came here for our last meal in Orlando before we went home to Vegas and it was by far the best we had of the whole trip. My wife got the omakase and said it was literally the best sushi experience of her life. And we have been to plenty of sushi joints. Mark, Lo and Jen, when you are in Vegas,  hit me UP! You guys can come eat  at my restaurant and I can return the favor. Everyone come support this place. They are very down to earth people that any city would be lucky to have. I wish they were in Vegas.
My husband and I tried this place yesterday. We ordered the "Sunday Funday Omakase," which at $35 PP for lunch at a market stall, you would expect to be at least satisfied or filled. About 10 mins into our meal, another couple ordered exactly the same item. We noticed they were served so much more and better selections. I asked the chef if he forgot about us, he replied "no don't worry."  This left us feeling shortchanged and left out. We had to express how it made us feel, and we got a bitter response of, "you don't know omakase style - it is chef's selections and it is whatever he wants to serve". Simultaneously serving different food to 2 different customers who ordered exactly the same thing is not a good idea. Most specially if one is obviously being served more and better items than the other.  Jen, sweet co owner, promised an " experience" and we sure did. A huge negative one! courtesy of one of her partners. " Omakase, or leaving it to your chef, " in this case, not a very good idea....consistency is everything and they sure lack this.
This place is fantastic! The food was outstanding and so was the service The chef made us a wonderful lunch that I would say was gourmet sushi. We had seared scallops sushi roll, a special california roll and shrimp appetizers as well as a light sorbet. I highy recommend this place!
Absolutely fantastic! Amazing attention to detail, so clean and fresh feeling. They Are well priced, excellent staff. Delicious tea and unique and gorgeous fruit platter, will be back again and again!
Loved this place, they just opened at East End Market, taking over the space where La Brexta seafood market once stood. There is about 12 seats in the bar area and you can watch Mark, Lo, and Jenn work their magic on their dishes, from a menu that changes daily. Right now they are doing a lot of sushi - makimono and nigiri style, calling back to their roots at some of the best Japanese restaurants in the world. They also have interesting desserts and ice creams, like shiso sorbet. Check them out soon! close at 7pm for now.
This place is awesome! High quality sushi. Awesome service. They kept the place open for us even after 7 pm. We could bring beer from the other station. Will definitely come back!
Went tonight with my daughter and we both loved it. Very small space with only something like 7 seats so try and get there early. Two thumbs up.
Simply put, one of the best dining experiences I've ever had in Orlando.- That's all I wanted to say but Yelp insists you write more. Like the restaurant I wanted to be short and to the point. Fluff isn't necessary. I almost want to keep this place a secret so I can get a seat(only7) easier.
This place is amazing. They just opened a few days ago and occupy a small stall in the East End Market. The three owners were all behind the bar and very welcoming. The menu changes daily and all the sushi was super fresh and maybe the most authentic I've ever had in orlando.
Pretty good. Grabbed a few rolls and a sashimi bowl from their refrigerated section so I knew going in it wasn't made to order. Shashimi was solid. 8/10. No chewy parts. Rolls were good, thick cut pieces. If you are at east end market and feelin some sushi... give it a go. Also the macha tea is super dank.
The owners are awesome! Definitely great service and authentic food! Great place to chill and relax!
I think we will be here often. Quite sure actually. East End is always a nice experience, but this brings something particularly unique to Orlando. Great sushi and other Japanese classics (both homemade, along with some imported candies/chocolates, etc.) all in an environment that is super friendly, welcoming and just plain fun. They occupy a small area with seating for about 8 people and I can imagine that there can be significant wait times during the busier hours, though this is their second week and I have faith they will figure out their timing and really get this place rolling. Regardless of if you have to wait a bit or not, it is worth it. And if you start going, I'm sure I'll see you there sooner or later. Try it out. I think you will be happy you did. (Obviously, do not attempt to go with a large group, there will not be enough seating). And yes, they have prepared "ready-to-go" sushi and will also prepare "to-go" orders.
