I went here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday and it was our first time. And let me tell you that I am really in love with this place. Scratch is definitely making a name for themselves with what I call their eclectic chic atmosphere, down-to-earth staff, and startlingly impressive food. The atmosphere had a very modern vibe. Once you walk in, you can't help but admire the lighting and the whole aura about the place. It's unique and had a "cool-cat" persona, but when you look closer, you see items such as the decor on the walls, the old-school teal fridge, and little knick-knacks for centerpieces, that definitely screams "old-school" but feeling young. I happen to talk to one of the owners, who told me that she was the one that created the decor concept. As any starting restaurant, she was on a budget and took things from her own home. I am so impressed. Moreover, the atmosphere gave a sophisticated vibe, but giving you a casual and homey feel when you talk to the staff and eat their food. Their menu changes, which offers you a new dining experience every time you come here. Because it's our first time, we ordered items that had been in the menu since their opening which were: the Scratch fries, Pork Belly Adobo and the Grilled Loup de Mer. Scratch fries was definitely something new to me. I'm so used to eating fries with ketchup that the saffron aioli pushed my boundaries. It was great creative experience. Light, crispy, not oily dunked in a flowery aroma of the saffron. This is a must try. The pork belly adobo was great. Being Filipino, I wanted to see their modern twist on this dish. The pork was so soft and crispy. The dish still contained the soy-sauce saltiness in the glaze and in the rice. But what I'm missing was the cut of acidity from the vinegar/lime, because it was overpowered by the salt in the pork. Nonetheless, it was a very unique take. Maybe I'm just too traditional. Moving on, the absolute favorite dish of the night was definitely the grilled Loup de Mer. The seabass was crispy and flavorful. The best part of eating the dish is tasting the "beer' blanc that surrounds the fish. My boyfriend and I devoured this dish. And I want to swim in it's rich flavors over and over again. Yes, this is definitely a crowd fave. Other than the food, the have a great selection of wine and beer. As a tip: their house moscato is like water to me. It's so so so good. All in all, this place is intimate, and I've never feel so welcomed and at home at a swanky restaurant. For a restaurant that's reaching their first year anniversary, they're doing a fantastic job! I absolutely love this place.
What an awesome hole-in-the-wall spot. What they lack in size (and boy do they lack size) they more than make up for in ambience, hospitality, uniqueness, and flavor. My date and I were enjoying a glass of wine down the road at The Wine Room when we both decided we were hungry. I promptly jumped on my Yelp app and discovered Scratch was a short walk away. We had no idea what we were in for but it was certainly a pleasant surprise.  The menu changes frequently and the selection isn't huge but if you happen to find the sunchoke and fennel soup on the menu, get it! Before I had it, I had no idea what a sunchoke was (and if I'm completely honest, I'm still not 100% sure) but it was creamy, flavorful, and had bacon... 'Nough said! I also tried the cheese plate and broccoli and cheese, both of which were very good as well. The waitstaff is super attentive and very descriptive. You would think that a place this small and quaint would have quiet music but instead there was upbeat tunes playing at a reasonable volume which was a nice contrast. The walls are littered was funky art and there is a surprisingly large selection of alcoholic beverages. The prices are not too bad and FUN FACT: On the subject of art, about half way through dinner the gentleman seated next to us tapped me on the shoulder and handed me a folded up piece of the paper table cloth. Unbeknownst to be, he was a local artist who had been sketching a portrait of me the whole time.....pretty freaking neat!!
What a gem! So happy that Winter Park has a new venue around Park Ave that truly deserves to be there. I went with coworkers one night after work and we couldn't get enough of this place. The first thing that you notice is the decor. It's very fun, much like a shabby chic boudoir. If I could decorate my house like it, I would. Service was phenomenal! We were instantly greeted by the girlfriend of one of the owners/cooks, Ashley. She was a doll! So personable, but not to the point where we felt she was overbearing. She took time to explain the wine menu, as well as the method behind the madness of taking time to order drinks and then looking at the menu. At Scratch, they want you to take your time and enjoy everything, from those first sips of wine to enjoying your meal coming out in tapas-style courses at different points in the night. It was rather refreshing for her to slow us down. You're in their house, so you play by their rules. Ashley pointed us in the right direction on several dishes and let us make up our mind on others. The three of us shared two orders of Scratch Fries, Broccoli and Cheddar, the Loup de Mer and the Togarashi Beef Shortrib. Everything was wonderfully balanced, with rich flavors evened out with punches of citruses or vinegars. Cooking techniques were spot-on and plating was elegant. I wish I could pick a favorite but I genuinely couldn't! We killed two bottles of wine between the 3 of us and really made an evening of it, staying for close to 3 hours. There's not many restaurants I can say I'd like to spend that much time in, but with great conversation, great wine and great food anything is possible!
Awesome, awesome, awesome food. Great combination of flavors with every dish. The atmosphere is great and so is the service. A great date-night spot!
This was an amazing experience. They are named such as they make everything from scratch except their bread. I really feel like they definitely could do their own bread cause what they served was nothing to write home about. I had a strawberry lime cider that I'd never heard of. It was presented in a tall glass with crushed ice and came out pink...The group of 6 women next to our table were so enamored with my drink that half of them ordered the same one. We started with the "butters". Lime-basil and Curry guava. Both were interesting combinations of flavors but not too overwhelming. It came with plenty of that bland bread I mentioned. We ordered sweet corn risotto and the twice fried French fries with the saffron garlic aioli. Amazing fries. The sweet corn risotto was billed as "heavy truffle" but it wasn't so bad. It was earthy but not salty overdone truffle flavors.   The real stars were the entrees we got. The grilled loup de mer and the pork belly. The pork belly was so amazing I was really impressed that it was cooked so perfectly but the waitress did say they did sous vide it for 12 hours. The pork belly is on a bed of sweet rice but looked like lentils. The loup de mer was in a delicious "beer" blanc sauce their version of buerre blanc with beer instead of white wine. Potato and fennel hash was so tasty. Make sure to ask for bread to dip in when you finish the fish. For dessert we had the flourless chocolate torte with pistachios and berries. I definitely recommend it. It was like fudge. Service was great. I think our server was chef/owners gf and her passion and love of the food was overt and contagious. We had a great experience and I can't wait to go back. Price point was amazing for the received product. Very happy that I got to try this place.
Food is great - quirky, small location with great beer/wine list - top-notch
First let me say that the decor is sumptuous and very romantic. The service is also gracious and welcoming. Scratch could very well be the place to go, especially late night as they stay open until 2am except for their rather odd sense of how a restaurant should best be run.   We went for a dish featured in the Best of Orlando issue at the end of July-a lavender smoked duck-and by August we were told it was no longer being served because the chefs had been making it for 7 or 8 months and were tired of it. What we ordered was fair, but in truth I've had better and expected any chef pretentious enough to stop making a dish just celebrated as one of the best things our little city has to offer would have to be spectacular.  I hope they make it because everyone who took care of us seemed really nice, and I hope part of their success would include capitalizing on any other publicity they get should there ever come a chance like that again.  Also, they may want to take the smoked duck off the menu on the website since it's too tired to serve. Here's what is no longer served in case you were curious: orlandoweekly.com/best-o…
Know what you are going for, interesting food.   As an example, items like guava curry butter worked well.  Layered reaction on the pallette and complimentary notes between the butter and guava.  Curry spice stood in contrast. I loved the fattyness, extra saltyness, and deep crispyness of the pork, where my wife thought is too salty.  The point, however, is the food pushes boundaries. Liberal use of acid in the risotto didn't work as well for me, yet I could taste the purpose behind it - the strong savory can support bright acidity. The fish was my favorite dish - same acidity contrasted to fatty crispy fish, and here it worked wonderfully. If the comments resonnate with you, then you'll love this place.  With a constantly changing menu, I'd be excited to have it near me. Stop in and see what they are trying next.
Last night, I stopped by Scratch with a couple coworkers for the first time. I was absolutely blown away. Walking in the door, we were instantly greeted and seated, and the decor really caught our eyes. The place is so fun!! Art is all over the place, books stacked up on little tables, gorgeous booths, etc. There are only a handful of tables, plus a bar. I can see this place getting packed on weekends. Our server, Ashley (I think), was great. Apparently, she's the girlfriend of one of the 3 owners, and she was super passionate about the menu and the restaurant. Everything they make is locally sourced and organic, and their menu changes regularly. We started off with a bottle of Garnacha and Scratch Fries. The fries were really good...good enough that we got a second order! The Broccoli and Cheddar was absolute perfect. Hints of lime with each bite, plus the best cheddar I've ever had sprinkled on top. The Grilled Loup de Mer was so light and refreshing, and the sauce was great for dipping bread in (they get their bread from the Olde' Hearth Bread Co). The Togarashi Beef Shortrib had great flavor to it, and was so tender!! I think next time, I'd like to try the pork belly dish and their creme brulee. Seriously, this place was great. Everything about it is perfect. Service was great, food was amazing, decor was on point. Despite the location so close to Park Ave and by Rollins, nothing about it is pretentious or snooty, like you often find in that area. I will definitely be returning here!! And soon!
Small plates for sharing. Nice menu creativity. Good atmosphere, hipster-chic. Definitely above average preparation anf execution on the food. I don't much care for creme brulee, but don't pass on theirs. Nice beer and wine selection as well. It is small so don't try to bring a large group. I would definitely go back.
Walk, sprint or Sun Rail your way to Winter Park's newest tapas and wine bar, Scratch. Winter Park's newest bistro received rave reviews from my co-workers and friends, but still I was skeptical about a "modern tapas restaurant." The moment I walked through the door my skepticism turned to awe and my taste buds nearly salivated in anticipation. The low ceilings and funky furniture bring a vibe to this small space unlike any other tapas bar or Winter Park restaurant. Scratch was perfect for sharing a variety of flavors and cuisines with a friend. Anyone can dish out an "Artisanal Cheese Plate", but pairing it with berries, house-made fruit preserves and toasted brioche made it memorable. The thick hand-cut russet potatoes for the Scratch Fries were tossed in a delectable garlic-saffron aioli and fresh oregano. The real winner though was the Pork Belly    Adobo - tender, juicy and served over black rice and a carrot puree with micro scallions. Scratch did an amazing job delivering culinary forward dishes in a way that you can share and savor with others in your party. Oh and how could I forget about the wine flight? Based on our order, the bartender paired each of our wines with the variety of dishes we ordered. While the food was fabulous, the atmosphere was equally enjoyable and ideal for catching up with an old friend. Don't be thrown off by the pottery place to the left or the karate studio on the right, Scratch is quickly becoming a Winter Park favorite.
Great atmosphere. We sat at the bar and it was perfect. The place isn't too big, but it didn't feel tight in there. It's tapas style and they buy locally which is awesome. Pretty good selection of beer and wine too. Bonus is they make their own butter-- worth it!
This place is fantastic. The ambiance is modern but comfortable. The food is inventive and successful on the execution. The staff is happy to be there and passionate about service. Love this place!
There has been a change in Orlando.  A rustling in the distant orange trees.  A SCRATCHing at the window.  A whisper carried by an El Nino and remnants of Hurricane Charley. A distant echo from Disney's fireworks.  I can hear it now, and it says: "Orlando doesn't suck"   How am I certain of this?  Because we have Scratch.  And now that we do I can tell my smug underemployed New Yorker friends that, "Yes! Orlando does have some trendy chic places to eat!"   I was here Friday night and ordered the Short Rib, the Risotto and the greens salad and both me and my dining partner were thoroughly impressed by the presentation and the flavors.  Be warned though, that the portions here are tiny, maybe even MicroTapas, so for 2 people I would recommend getting at least 3-5 dishes.  Also don't always expect to get a table, instead eat at the bar make some friends and if you are lucky enough the scent from their steam duck will waft to your patient nostrils and hold you over until your dishes arrive. I know this review barely SCRATCHes the surface, but as the governator says: "I'll be back"...........................   Still SCRATCHing my head as to why they don't serve cocktails and hard drinks here though. You should definitely come check this place out so you can SCRATCH it off of your list of places to eat. This review Is getting corny, maybe I should start from SCR.....Ok I'll stop     PS Ask Steve to make you a Cappuccino, he does a great job!
Absolutely fabulous! Love the decor, although it is a small space with limited seating. The fries with saffron aioli were amazing. The pork belly practically melts in your mouth and is one of the best entrees I've ever had. Can't wait to go back!
My advice, eat before you go because you WILL leave hungry. Yea that's right I'm calling out a hip, gourmet restaurant because of smaaaaaaaall portions. Look I'm not some Golden Corral type guy but come on! Four of us somehow managed to blow $200 and had so little food that the girls in our group were getting loopy because of the lack of sustenance. The food itself? Excellent. Special props to the pork, all one bite of it! I have a restaurant background so I could just picture in my mind the chef popping those in his mouth all night long but still not dinging his food cost because the miniscule amount he was sending out to the tables. People figure out places like this real quick, they brag to their friends about how awesome it is but never really go back because of the lack of value, yea that right even snooty Winter Parkers want value! Oh, and change out those nasty, ratty menus more often. Your paper costs might go up but you can make up for it on the food end.
Don't go too hungry. And take the phrase "small plates" VERY literally. This is not like other tapas places. Plan on ordering a lot of plates. Pretentious menu. Not impressed. The Rock Shrimp plate made me roll my eyes. Tiny and tasteless. I usually love tapas places because I get full very easily...but we had the cheese plate, the broccoli, the corn risotto, the fries and the rock shrimp and were not full. The wine list is bigger than the food menu so if you're into wine you'd like that. And the decor is very cute, even the ladies room. The service was very good. I'm convinced this place is so crowded and popular because a) It draws the Rollins girls and they get full easily :) and b) people like to like things they think are trendy. I think we'll all be stopping at the McDonalds drive-thru on the way home.
My wife and I went here for our 3 year anniversary this week and I was really impressed. First, the beer and wine list here is incredible and the prices are very reasonable. I had several craft beers that I have never seen before on other menus in town and was really impressed.Second, the food menu changes every day or weekly which I think is very cool. Only a few items stay on the menu every day.  We pretty much ordered everything on the menu but what stuck out was the "Pork Belly Adobo and Grilled Loup De Mer. I also had a soup which I cannot remember the name but it had rock shrimp, scallops, and bacon in it. It was great. Third, the decor in the restaurant is unique and you wont find another restaurant like this in Winter Park. This is a restaurant you must visit if you are in Winter Park. The only caution is there is limited seating and no reservations.
Come early and not so hungry, be prepared to spend the evening here and enjoy every minute of it! This was a great dining experience and I really recommend it for a smaller group.  It's a tad pricy, but great to do something different and the food is amazing (my favorite was the figs). Great drink selection, overall very pleased for an occasional fancy night with the friends.
Scratch. Is. Amazing.  I really didn't expect a small, independent restaurant like this to be so innovative, but it knocked my socks off.  My favorite restaurant in town (or anywhere) is the Ravenous Pig.....owned by James Beard nominated chefs and managed by a supremo sommelier.  I didn't think I would find a restaurant in town that would rival it, but scratch is the one.   We had a variety of dishes but the most memorable was the sweet bread.  They did some kind of crazy citrus infusion-thing  to it and I have never tasted anything like it before.  We also had a duck dish that was cooked in a science-experiment fashion (ok I don't remember the details), but it was delicious.   The place is small, but get there early and enjoy the experience because Scratch is a real treat and my new favorite place.
This is such a great spot with a small group - especially a date. It's intimate and the food is delicious. I've not had a single thing I didn't like. Only downside was that I couldn't make a reservation. That may have changed.
Solid 3.5! The food is amazing and everything is made from scratch just like the name says. The decor and ambiance are very chic and a great place for a quiet dinner with a friend or even a date. The only thing is the portions are a bit small for the price but the quality is great. It's more of a tapas/sharing style menu so if you want to leave satisfied plan on spending some extra $$. I would definitely go back.
I had a wonderful experience here and think we picked the best menu items they offered.   The ambiance was top notch. I think we arrived between sittings and weren't required to wait long so that made it great, as waiting and lack of tables are the only two things I've heard about this place. So we each had about half a drink before we we're sat upfront and told about the popular items. The duck was served in a glass dish that released liquid smoke as it was placed on the table, the corn risotto was tasty, and the dates were sweet and savory. Everything was delicious... Just can't remember them now that it's been a few weeks. The price was reasonable and worth it.
After dining elsewhere on a rare evening out with my husband, he really wanted me to check out Scratch. I immediately loved the decor and ambience. We sat at the bar and the bartender was very friendly and knowledgable. The manager came over as well and we were overall thoroughly impressed with the service. We had a few beers, a glass of wine, and although we'd already eaten, my husband insisted we try the Pork Belly. I'm not gonna lie, I'd already decided I didn't like Pork Belly because the name itself freaks me out, but holy cow it was good! We finished with the Creme brûlée, which was absolutely delicious! Everything was outstanding from the food, to the drinks, to the unique menus, and the old school Barbie bathroom, to the service! We'll be coming to Scratch again soon!
I wish I could review the food. Unfortunately I've tried to visit twice for lunch during hours posted as open on their website, Facebook and Yelp. Both times the doors were locked with people (staff?) at the bar eating, who managed a glance to the door as we made an attempt to open, then went back to their plates. Both times I attempted to call the restaurant and the line went straight to voicemail. We're talking Friday and Saturday at 12:30. Hardly odd hours for a restaurant that claims to be open for lunch. Maybe I've had incredibly bad luck and tried two visits during days with special hours. But at the very least post some signage or info on your site/Facebook notifying the public.
Amazing. Short rib was excellent.  Grilled loop de mer fantastic. Broccoli cheddar thing also awesome.
Tapas joints are popping up everywhere in Orlando lately.  It doesn't seem to be a trend that is loosing it's edge any time soon. One of the newest  to the mix  has popped up on Fairbanks Ave, a block shy of Park Ave.  It's in the old Tatame spot, which I was never a personal fan of; so I was very excited to see new construction in this intimate space. The first thing I said to my friend when we sat down was how I loved the feeling of walking into a restaurant that completely takes me out of Orlando.  This could have easily been a gem you find in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood in Philadelphia, a street in Hells Kitchen, or even an upscale spot in the Queen Anne neighborhood in Seattle. The decor is understated city chic without being overly "Manhattan pretentious". Although they may not label it communal style eating, it definitely uses its small space wisely by creating a long but comfortable bench along the wall with tables and chairs on the other side. All the tables are very close together, so here is hoping you don't have women singing to one another sitting next to you...maybe that just happened to me. Our server took us through the whole concept along with all the specials. She was extremely knowledgeable about the process that went into each dish as well as the flavor profiles we would experience.  She was so well versed I wondered if she may have more stake in this establishment than simply our server for the night.  She truly added to my dining experience and it was refreshing to hear information about the food I was about to consume with knowledge and passion. My friend and I started with a plate of breads and spreads.  House-made brioche and ciabatta were our carbs for the evening.  We kindly refused the refried beans and asked if we could "double-up" on the other choices. We got a homemade curry blueberry butter along with a local strawberry jam.  The breads were fresh and the spreads had great textures and taste. A perfect start. Our next small plate, was actually a small basket, of hand-cut potatoes fries with fresh oregano & saffron aioli. These were quite possibly the best, hearty, crisp and indulgent fries of my life.  The show stopper for me was the saffron aioli. I normally eat my fries with no accompanying sauce, but this aioli was the perfect extra flavor pop. For my main small plate I got the Pork Belly Adobo; soy-glazed pork belly, calamansi juice, micro cilantro, carrot puree, black rice, and scallions.  There was so much going on in this dish and it blended together so beautifully.  The pork belly was so tender and flavorful, and the black rice (which I had never had) added a nice texture. This dish was far beyond my culinary prowess. You can just eat cilantro?  YES, you CAN! The only problem with this dish was that I was left wanting more. Darn small plates. I suppose it was a blessing in disguise that I was still drooling over the pork belly as she took my plate away, because I had the perfect amount of room in my stomach to fit in dessert. My friend ordered the chocolate pistachio torte while I went for a classic creme brulee. I've had some really good creme brulee in my 31 years, but this was perfection.  I almost didn't want to try my friends dessert because I didn't want to take this taste away from my buds for a second.  Not only was it rich and creamy but it was very generous in portion. The chocolate torte was amazingly intense.  I would probably order it for pick up on a monthly basis...if you know what I mean. It's places like Scratch that get me really excited about the the food scene in Orlando. Less fast casual, quick serve in-and-out, turn those tables as fast as you can for a mediocre experience. More about fresh ingredients, made by talented passionate people, who want you to have an experience; not simply be a guest count. Scratch offers all of that and more. (Like a Barbie themed women's bathroom).
Scratch is great. I've heArd good things about it, but have learned to decide what I think on my own when it comes to dining. Let me tell you this...service is impeccable. The hostess told us it would be a 30 min wait, but after checking us in took it upon herself to bring us drinks. We then waited for our table, and while waiting 2 separate people checked on us to make sure we were ok with our beverages. We later got sat at the bar where Roy? The best and most informative server I've ever had took care of us. We had 4 plates that he recommended and they were all fantastic and tasted like nothing I've ever had before. Without any doubt will I be back there to try more of their delicious food. P.S.  I highly suggest you try the pork belly dish!!!!  I would have had 5 of those if I had it first.
Scratch is a find.  Every dish a taste sensation. Authentic creativity in every bite.  Cozy eclectic atmosphere. Owners and management have created a service-driven culture in which the staff aims to please. They care and it shows.  Scratch is on the official rotation.
Stopped in here with my hubs to grab a drink and snack. We had the pork belly which was awesome, but I felt that it didn't need the extra citrus that came with it. We loved the cheese plate, but the bread that came with was a bit sweet and not enough slices. We had to ask for more bread, and it wasn't the same type but was a bit better. Even though we sat at the bar, service did seem pretty slow, even for us going in for a quick stop. I couldn't imagine how it would be if we were to fully dine in. For two drinks and two tapas, this place ain't cheap, but worth to try out.
Reasonably priced & delicious food. All made fresh when you order. A tiny, but nicely decorated little restaurant with a half hipster half classy feel. Definitely a good spot for a date night.
What an awesome quaint and modern spot. Can those two adjectives really go together? Scratch can show you how. The personable staff remembered me from my first visit, so when I came in again, it was wonderful to catch up with them as if they were my best friends. The bar and restaurant invites both quiet couples and loud groups and the mood is young, romantic, and chic. Anybody can really enjoy this spot, from a Monday night with a glass of smokey wine to Friday evening of melt-in-your-mouth-pork-belly & cold-nutty beer. Speaking of which, my favorite tapas: -Pork Belly:  yes they really do melt in your mouth, I was so depressed when they were 86 on my second visit! -Tender Duck -Believe it or not Bread and Spreads: there's this spicy chocolate dip that goes well with their sweet bread and a nice glass of wine -& All the specials You can't go wrong with anything on this gourmet menu I wish I could remember the name of the beer she picked out for me but it came in a white bottle. Almost like a milk bottle. Golden Duetch? might be the name. Either way, you gota scratch this one off your bucket list. Enjoy!
This place still has some growing pains but totally cute. My book club met up here. It's not at all what I was expecting. That's probably because I didn't read any reviews before hand (very un-Yelpy, though sometimes it's nice to be surprised).  It has a lounge type feel to it. Big couches with tables in front of them. The bar area is also the kitchen area. They have a lot of art work. (We didn't care for the slaughtered pig art). But the place looks cool aesthetically. It's kind of small in there and they don't do reservations. There isn't a waiting area. They were out of a lot of things. I ordered a beer, which turned out they didn't have. But they came back with a bottle of another as a suggestion. That was a really nice recovered (I ended up with wine, Pino Noir, it was fantastic). Another one of us ordered the Hard Rootbeer (apparently that is a thing!) - they were out of that too. She got a cider that was really good though. We were all happy with what we ended up with but would have liked our first choices. They were also out of dessert but they let us know they were working on it and were hoping to have something available after we were done with our meal. IIt's tapas style. Everything was good. I got the Old Bay Beer Clams. Yep, those are all works I like. And I got the cheese plate. My only complaint about the cheese plate was that there was an olive sauce used on as decoration on the plate that ended up contaminating my cheese a bit. When they bring out the food, a guy comes and explains everything about it. The food didn't all come out at once - some of us had everything we ordered while others had none. Then their was one that came out kind of late. They said that they didn't like how the first one turned out so they made it again. Then it came time for dessert - and they had some! Cupcakes, which I'm pretty sure came from Sprinkles a couple doors down. Still good. To add to the evening, it was our server's first night. He did really well. Was so friendly and apologetic for the issues they had with supply. Pro tip 1: make sure to check the board for "market prices" - we are pretty sure the Steak! (it was written with a ! on the menu) was $50. Pro tip 2: the only menu isn't necessarily the menu they have that day. They swap them out regularly.
One of the best meals I have had so far this year, possibly in quite some time.  The food was top notch, and presented beautifully.  The space itself is small and quaint, with a lot of character.  Darker tones, with mood lighting, so its great for date night.  Your sitting close to the table next to yours, but that added to the charm for me.  It's a bit loud (which is good) since everyone is enjoying themselves, so you can't really hear other conversations.   Service was top notch, as was the wine selection.  Its a American tapas place, so that means you get small portions (enough for maybe 4-5 bites) and share.  There were two of us and we had five dishes and left feeling very satisfied.  Honestly, every dish was better than the last, but I loved the brussel sprouts.   1.  Bread and butter starter (compound butter that changes regularly) 2.  rock shrimp risotto 3.  Adobo pork belly 4.  Brussel sprouts 5.  Dessert. The flavors were very Mediterranean (with the exception of the pork belly obviously) with strong citrus flavor, which I love.  We got a bottle of wine and the total cost was around a bill, which is a steal for such a great dinner.   Check this place out asap, especially if your looking for a great place to take a date, you will be glad you did!
Sat at the bar and had dinner here on a Sunday night. The ambiance is cozy and the service seems to be very good. They have a nice wine list, but were out of many of the bottles. We tried the Asparagus & Mushroom, Broccoli & Cheddar, Pork Belly, Scratch Fries, and Grouper special. Everything was very good. I think my favorite item was the broccoli. It was actually broccolini sauteed with garlic, chili flake, and topped with aged cheddar and pine nuts. I would definitely recommend ordering it! The fries were sprinkled with smoked sea salt and were some of the best thick cut ones I've tried..although I did not enjoy the saffron aioli they were served with. The pork belly was served with some veggies on a bed of black rice.. great flavor!
Lovely ambience and good service. The menu was interesting, but everything we ordered was oversalted, especially the pork belly and the salmon. We'll probably give it another chance.
Scratch is awesome!  The food is amazing.  Great beer and wine selection.  We had a few dishes and they were all great.  Sweet Corn Risotto was outstanding.  The Pork Belly Adobo and Loup de Mer were incredible.  Everything we had was perfectly prepared and all the elements of the dishes worked together to make each bite amazing.  Steve was our server and he did a great job of making recommendations and explaining in detail all of the dishes.  He was very knowledgeable and provided excellent service. We will definitely be back!
Romantic ambiance, young professional crowd, and great service. I prefer the bar seating for 1 person or a couple. They can also accommodate groups in the couch area lining the side and rear walls. Scratch is a true tapas restaurant that strives to please the senses with small dishes made with lots of love and big taste. I highly recommend pairing each dish with a wine of choice. Not sure what wine will go well with your dish? The bartender(s) or waitress will be more than happy to offer their suggestions. Enjoy!
Definitely cannot wait to go back, everything was amazing. The menu should never get old because they will have a rotating menu. Not sure what kind of beer your looking for, they have a certified Cicerone on staff to assist. The draft and bottle list will be rotating as well. Everything is served tapas style, and usually enough for two or keep it all to yourself, I didn't want to share the pork belly, it was too delicious, what's more they use a Filipino secret in the recipe, calamansi, a small citrus fruit that has sweet and sour properties. Squeeze the juice on you pork belly and enjoy. The presentation of all the dishes was amazing, however the best was for the   Pan-Roasted Margret Duck Breast. Order it and you will see.
Executive summary: This place is not for dinner. It is a nice place to meet friends for a drink and a couple nice tapas before going out, or, for grabbing a bite late before heading home for the night. The tapas are generally flavorful, but the portions are more like small bites than the sort of tapas you had in Spain. Many dishes do not lend themselves to sharing easily. The beer and wine selection was fun, interesting, and well thought out. Specifics: We arrived with friends about the time they were opening. We thought the décor was cozy, cute, and quirky.  We were the first table. Our party ordered some wine and beer.  The service was attentive and efficient for the most part, no complaints there. The best part: The scallop special was lovely, perfectly cooked with a nice bacon flavored crust. The pork belly's salty and sweet soy glaze with micro cilantro was flavor filled and unctuous. The worst part: The most disappointing was the beet salad which consisted of a few extremely thin slices of beets with a handful of greens on top which mostly buried the main ingredient.  Perhaps, it's just me, but I don't think you should have to dig through a pile of greens to get to what is supposed to be the featured ingredient of the dish.   The other dishes were good, but nothing noteworthy. Conclusion: Under just the right circumstances we might go again, but we are not planning on it.  You might like it so you should try it as long as you understand you can easily spend 50 bucks per person but still leave hungry.
I highly recommend Scratch. I dined at the restaurant recently and the food was excellent, and I mean competitive and/or possibly better than some other well known restaurants in town. Seriously. Even the bread and butter was fabulous (most specifically the butter). Our favorite dish was the rock shrimp risotto. However, our meal did take quite a long time (2.5 hours) and you need to arrive early since they do not accept reservations (even though the kitchen does not starting serving food until 6PM?). Be prepared for small serving sizes and to be a little confused as to how to physically share some of the dishes. Also, while they do serve wine, you can bring your own for a $20 corkage fee. Do not let this information deter you from visiting this restaurant if you have the opportunity! A near 5 star recommendation from me based on the quality of the food alone.
Let me preface this that I was very hungry that night and I am not the kind of person that can just throw money around (lol) so - that may affect it some way. This review encompasses the food, value, environment and service. I'll try to describe the ambiance to you - it's dimly lit with hanging burlap lamp shades on the tables, creating this amber glow. The wall is painted with chalk paint and it was creatively used to write down certain specials and what not on the back of the wall. It was semi-crowded with 25-40's group hanging by the bar dressed very chic. There is only 3 full size tables that can only sit probably 4 max, 6 pushing it against a wall bench that is tufted with velvet. Music playing in the background was not too loud but don't really remember the genre, possibly contemporary alternative. The menu for food items is not extensive and had maybe like 7 items, tapas size. However, the drink menu had many different wines and beer to choose from. Sadly, I'm not a big fan of alcohol so I didn't dwell in to that portion of the menu. That night I ordered Bread and Spread, Pork belly Adobo, Grilled Loup De Mere (european sea bass). Bread and Spread ($5) - The spread for that night was honey thyme butter, sour cream and chive, and a garlic puree. The bread is a in-house made brioche. The garlic puree was too strong for me, i would really preferred if they had roasted garlic then pureed it because it still had that raw flavor. Honey thyme butter was the better out of the three - sweet and creamy with a hint of the salt. The sour and chive was really disappointing as it just seems as if they ran out of a spread and created on a whim - basically I was dipping sour cream... or it seems like. "Spreads" change all the time, so it would probably change next time you go. Pork Belly Adobo ($11)- this was delicious. The pork belly (lake meadow) was tender and all the flavors in one bite with the micro cilantro with a squeeze of key lime juice was the perfect bite. The carrot puree didn't add much though. The black rice was also cooked perfectly and wasn't hard to eat. However the portion bothered me. The slice of pork belly was literally 1 in x 1 in and thickness of .5 in of 4 pieces. I understand its a tapas and I'm not expecting a whole slab of pork belly but to me the value of the tapas for the price was not worth it. Grilled Loup De Mere ($12)- This is a small fillet of the sea bass over potato-fennel hash. This also tasted delicious. The charring on the skin has made it crispy but with out over cooking the fish. It still maintained the flakiness of the fish. The potato hash underneath was creamy. Again, the portion to me is difficult justify the value for the money. The service was very friendly, accommodating and they all seem very knowledgable. By all means, I feel the food at Scratch is delicious and if you want farm to table style food you'll have to pay the big bucks. I just think it was the wrong timing for me to come here as I was famished but this place was a bar with a small tapas menu. I wish they had full portion of some of the tapas, I would rather pay 25 dollars for a full portion. Its just personal opinion of value for the money. I just had my own expectations. I would honestly give it 3.5. Till next time...
What a neighborhood gem! I keep my eye open for new dining experiences and while the blurb I read peaked my interest enough to suggest a visit to Scratch - on a Friday night no less - by no means did the article do this place justice. From the moment we found the door to Scratch, we knew we were in for a treat.  The ambiance is, at least in my opinion, industrial meets shabby chic.  So comfortable, relaxing and intimate - with an open kitchen - enough as to remind me of gatherings at relative's homes. We were warmly welcomed and invited to have a drink while our table was prepared.  Though, we didn't have a chance to get a drink - the table was ready almost instantly - and in the "Dragon Seat" no less - complete with cozy pillows. A cursory review of the menu revealed only one thing - we wanted it all!  Every dish sounded more delicious than the last. Alas, we ordered five items and a couple glasses of wine. Oh, and don't worry, desert is always on our menu - and while each of the two we tried were wonderful in their own right - together, they were both outta sight! The presentation of the food is unique as compared to other local tapas style restaurants and the food knowledge and service of the staff is simply second to none. "How about the taste?" you might ask.  More than delicious and inspiring enough to plan our return visit - for the following weekend.  After all, the menu changes frequently and there are several items we are excited to try - see you there!
Try this spot out! I am with Melissa C here, found this place on Yelp and had no idea what to expect because of the not so active member reviews. However, it is new and I love to try new! So we headed over to the spot, where the old Tatame used to be. So yes, small, cozy place. When we approached, we loved it from the outside. They really made this romantic, casual and cozy spot. The lighting was perfect, the decor was lovely and the setup was great for such a small place. My favorite was the coffee serving area and small station on the floor. It was made out of an old dresser type piece and it was absolutely perfect. Loved the couch in the corner too, so inviting. All the tables were taken so we took a spot at the bar. We had the lovely Hanna taking care of us and she was very helpful and welcoming. They are beer and wine only but they had a small range of ciders. They had Luk Cider, which made me really happy. They have a small seasonal menu and a specials board. We started with the breads and spreads and this evening they were: pineapple chutney, white chocolate strawberry butter, and sour cream and onion. Absolutely delicious. My favorite was the sour cream and onion but the white chocolate strawberry butter was uniquely delicious as well. The chunks of white chocolate, omg yum! Now, if you do find yourself here... You ABSOLUTELY MUST get the fries. Oh. My. Word. Here it comes... The Best Fries I Have Ever Had In My Entire Life. Yes, LIFE! Yes, BEST! They are fresh cut and cut perfectly thick so that you actually feel like you are eating a potato. Also, they are twice fried and they are so incredibly light. Oh. My. Word. I can't even explain in more words, just try them! The Sea Bass was melt in your mouth deliciousness. This was my second favorite dish. Absolutely great presentation on all of the dishes as well. My least favorite were the shrimp as they arrived with their heads on, which is lovely presentation, and delicious, I am sure, if you like the heads on. However, myself and Ashley were not a fan but learned after that you could request no heads. Good to know for the future. I really loved everything about this place. Towards the end, the service was a little slower, it seemed they forgot the last plate I ordered so there was a small hiccup but they were apologetic. Overall, I really can't wait to go back and try more and just relax. Like I said, the ambiance is out of a movie and I loved it. Closed Monday, and Tues-Sat they serve food until 2am (heck yes) and Sunday till midnight with full menu. Love it.
At the risk of sounding like a friend or family member of Scratch employees/owners I will write my review as I normally do, however don't expect there to be a whole lot of negativity. There just isn't any. I literally stumbled on Scratch when looking for a dinner idea on Yelp (they popped up under the new businesses in Orlando area). Obviously, I was a little hesitant because the reviews that were up (3 at the time) were by those who hadn't written any other reviews on Yelp...but I checked out their website and decided to try them out. When we arrived - maybe 1 1/2 hours after opening - we were the only patrons in the restaurant. I was actually a little relieved because I knew this would allow me time to take a look around without being too obvious and, let's be honest, some one on one time with the staff. We were greeted by friendly voices and a welcoming atmosphere. The space is smaller but the set up is key. The entire left side wall is lined with banquette seating. There are smaller tables that can be pushed together for larger parties and chairs opposite the banquettes. The right side of the space is where the bar is located and it is a beauty. They also offer 2 small seating areas to either side of the door. We opted to sit in the corner banquette and were quickly told it was the best seat in the house. I understand why. You get a full view (save for the restrooms) of the restaurant and it's something to behold. One thing you will notice, I HOPE!, is the personality of the space. It's dark but keenly lit, it's comfortable but not drab, it's intriguing but not clinical. You can see so much of who the owners are by simply looking around. From the commissioned art work by local artists to the blue fridge in the bar it's a sight to behold.   The wine list is full of unique finds and the beer list is a stunner. They pride themselves on offering something extraordinarily different to their patrons and it shows. We went with a South African Viognier figuring it would pair nicely with whatever we ordered. It was a smart choice. We started with the breads and spreads - housemade brioche, chunks of french and 3 spreads; strawberry white chocolate butter, blackberry jam, and baba ganoush. The spreads were flavorful and fresh. I sincerely wanted to lick the plate clean. We then moved on to the: artisanal cheese which was served with plum jam, raspberries, and blackberries; the roasted beets with hazelnuts, orange, greens, raspberries, and buttermilk dressing; the pork belly adobo served with calamansi, micro cilantro, carrot puree, black rice, and scallions; the roasted magret duck breast which was presented table side with alder smoke, corn maque choux, and pea tendrils; and finished with the rock shrimp corn dogs accompanied by grain mustard, lemon mayo, and micro greens. Did I mention there were only 2 of us? No? Hmm...well, at the risk of sounding like a mother choosing her favorite child I will have to admit the pork belly and duck were both showstoppers. The roasted beets were beautifully plated and delicious (and I don't like beets). The corn dogs were fun but upscale. And who doesn't love cheese? Seriously, it's cheese. On a plate. Already cut up for you!? But delicious, nonetheless. Not one to let her waistband tell her when she's had enough we moved on to dessert. This particular evening Scratch was offering a chocolate torte and vanilla bean creme brûlée. What's a girl to do? We ordered both. Seemed logical enough.  The chocolate torte was described as a flourless chocolate cake type dessert when, in fact, it should have been described as transcendent. Period. I swear, I heard angels singing. The creme brûlée was flecked with vanilla bean, smooth, creamy, and the top caramelized to perfection. We finished the night off with coffee - french press, because you can get more than just perc here. Key thoughts: if you get the breads & spreads and run out of bread do ask for more. If you order the pork belly adobo please follow the suggestion and squeeze the calamansi over the top. If you are interested in the art work, see if it's for sale - some of it is! You should also sit in the corner banquette (unless I'm there!) It doesn't take much for a restaurant to fail but when a restaurant this good comes to your neighborhood you need to embrace her. Scratch is a labor of love and passion, of will and wit. You cannot leave here feeling anything less. You just have to go. There's something special about Scratch.   Scratch has just opened up in the Winter Park area and are located next door to All Fired Up on Fairbanks. There is parking off of New York in a dedicated lot.
Oh.My.Gosh. This place is pretty amazing, and am so happy I bounced in here with a friend recently. I was familiar with the location of Scratch, in the same space as the old Tatame lounge. Easy to find, although parking in this specific spot of Winter Park can sometimes pose a challenge. But once you get that figured out and head inside it's magic! Gotta say Scratch has a terrific selection of wine and beer, and while the food menu is somewhat limited the quality of the food is top notch. My dining partner and I tried a few things: - Bread and spread. Absolute heaven, including onion spread that will make your eyes roll (it may kill your chances of getting a little smooch at the end of the evening, though). - French Fries. Probably some of the best I've ever had. Seriously. So warm, fluffy (can french fries be fluffy?), and seasoned perfectly. Can't wait to go back. - Shrimp & grits. This gets a little dicey for me. The shrimp still have their heads on and I am NEVER a fan of this presentation. This isn't called-out on the menu and I wish I'd been notified in advance. Just a little forewarning.... Fantastic atmosphere and the staff is really, really friendly (and quite attractive)! I'm definitely planning on this being on my list of places to frequent in Central Florida.
Awesome place to get American style tapas, along with great customer service! I came here for an early dinner New Years eve. We were the first ones here and a group of 6. Their menu changes often, so what I'm going to say I ate, might not be there again. My wife and I ordered and shared the pork belly, black eyed peas, duck, Mediterranean sea bass and short rib. For dessert, the flourless chocolate cake. Everything was delicious and I can't really say which was better over the other. The ambiance has a feeling of a lounge, that you can relax in all day. From the seating, to the bar, to the kitchen....I can feel and see the thought and care put into developing each. The one drawback is the place is pricey and the servings can seem small (although, I was sufficiently full for the next few hours). The overall experiences and quality of the food, supersedes them both though. I hope to come here again soon.
I tried Scratch for the first time last night with friends.  We had a great experience.  We all liked the atmosphere and food. When we walked in, I was worried we have to wait awhile to get a seat. We managed to get three seats together at the bar and ate there.  Elizabeth, our bartender/server, treated us well.  There is a huge beer selection.  I went for wine and enjoyed a light Pinot Noir.  I do wish there was more of a wine selection that could be purchased by the glass.  Music was a tad loud but we could enjoy our conversation. We tried about half the menu.  It's tapas so don't expect big portions.  That's okay with me since the flavors were good, fresh and well matched.  Standouts for me were the brussel sprouts and black eyed peas.   Ladies, restroom is huge with a full length mirror.  :) I plan to go back and try the other half of the menu soon!
I cannot begin to tell you how much we enjoyed our experience at Scratch. We were greeted with smiles and cordial conversations not knowing that our server was also the mastermind behind this amazing place! The atmosphere is warm, cozy, detail oriented, romantic, and enchanting! I started with a Reto Malbec and ordered a few tapas to share with my friends. I've heard nothing but good things about the breads and spreads and the french fries. The breads and spreads featured a house made brioche bread and french bread served with pesto, coffee butter, and a pickled onion spreads to pair with. All three were very good! Our server did tell us that the menu frequently changes so I recommend you try it now before it goes away! The double fried french fries were so light, fluffy, and refreshing. One would not identify french fries with the word "refreshing". But these fries are something else! It's served with a saffron aioli which complements all the flavors very well! Overall our late night snack was refreshing. I'm already thinking about my next visit. The menu, the staff, and there experience is definitely something to look forward to!
Awesome place for a relax Saturday lunch! Kids love the Scratch burger and cream brûlée while grownups enjoy our pork belly, loup de mer, bread and refreshing beer and wine! Definitely will come back and try some more!
I really wanted to like this place. I loved the name and I thought the decor was cute. Okay, so they only offer beer and wine...but it's a fairly extensive list. The menu was tapas only, but they looked interesting. The server kept raving about the broccoli with cheddar...not really my thing, but I tried it because it seemed like it was what they were known for. I still could have had a nice dinner, all caveats aside. Except the server or some other member of the service team kept interrupting us. Literally, a really obnoxious stop-your-conversation interruption every 5-10 minutes. Hopefully the restaurant will smooth out the overbearing service because it could be a nice addition to Winter Park.
We knew getting into Scratch on a Friday night was going to be a challenge but we had called and they thought it would be ok at about 8:15. I guess that timing wasn't so good.  There were people waiting and they did seat us in a small area with a couch.  We were able to order bread, they offered a complimentary cheese plate and we ordered the crab cakes - we were pretty hungry.  The host suggested a Italian wine (a barbera) after we asked for something that was NOT dry.  When opened it was very dry.  We then set it aside hoping it would open up and ordered wines by the glass - that wine was good and much better the the bottle selected.  When we came back to the Barbera, it was even worse.  We requested they take it back and provide a bottle of the other, by-the-glass wine.  The service manage came over and did take it off the bill but did so begrudgingly and after a lecture.  It was really undrinkable and even though when you order a bottle, you are accepting the risk, that wine was not as represented.  But they did do the right thing just not graciously. The major problem was no turnover of tables.  There were tables of people that had finished their meals and were just camping out at the tables.  In a small restaurant like  this people should realize that isn't very polite to those waiting. Move your party to the bar and continue there.   After about two hours on the couch we had had enough.  We asked for our check.  The manager apologized but said there is nothing they can do to move people on when they camp out.  I would hope they can find a way to encourage people to turn over the tables because this restaurant will need to have that to succeed. So our experience was very unpleasant.  What we did have, foodwise, was good but I think it will be a challenge for them to succeed with this type of situation and not taking steps to correct it. Maybe we will be back on a less busy night.  But I'm not sure it is that special to go through a long wait when there is no way to have a table within a reasonable time.
Glad I finally made it to Scratch for lunch today.  Best opportunity to give their dishes a try. A friend and I shared the Asparagus and mushroom salad (recommended by a patron who was just leaving the table next to us). The dish flavors were bright and perfect for a summer lunch. We also shared the Pork Belly Adobo.  Honestly one of the best prepared pork belly, had crisp, unctuousness, perfect balance of meat to fat. Served on a bed of black rice with a carrot puree and topped with micro greens.  Squeeze a little lime on top and you are in heaven! Couldn't avoid the bread with butters. The thyme and honey butter was addicting and the garlic/ginger was lovely. Sometimes a butter sandwich is all you need when the butter is just that good.  Everything was refined and prepared with finesse. The room is electric and I really like the variety of textures which makes it cozy. Staff is friendly and accommodating. Looking forward to future lunches.
Awesome food and service! Had a delicious cheese tray with a nice bottle of wine. Followed by a gourmet short rib burger and crispy pork belly. Was delicious!!!
I'm confused with all of the exceptional reviews.  This is NOT a Tapas Restaurant; it's an overpriced, sad excuse for what they want to be.  The food is OK at best, but it's so overpriced; I rarely even mention cost but the portions were tiny and in no way can be considered Tapas!  You get more food ordering an appetizer elsewhere.  The ambiance is loud, pretentious and crowded.  Our table was literally connected to another parties table.  It was so uncomfortable that we ate as quick as we could so we could go to dinner at a real restaurant.  Wait staff is clueless.   Ceasar Salad - $8  a tiny salad with two croutons and MAYBE five leaves of lettuce. Bread & Spread - $5 - three pieces of bread with three teaspoons of spread. Olives - $7 - maybe 10 olives Loup De Mer $12  three bites French Fries $ 4 - 10 fries - WHAT? They are potatoes! Rainbow Trout $12 - three bites In summary, it was embarrassing and we'll never go back.
Scrumptious!  Stopped in on a Friday for lunch and loved everything.  H and I shared a 3-cheese plate.  The grilled bread was great but another piece or two wouldn't have been amiss for the price ($14). H ordered the pork belly adobo ($12) and I had the hamburger ($13).  All delish.  Contrary to another reviewer, these portions were fine.  In fact, if I hadn't heard it was a tapas place I wouldn't have guessed from the size: normal burger with hand-cut fries and about 8 good sized chunks of pork belly on a bed of black rice.  With two glasses of house Chardonnay and a Lager, the bill came to $67 without tip.  Much more than we usually spend for lunch but it was worth it for a weekday splurge.  Service was friendly and efficient.  We'll definitely be back, likely for dinner.
Ok, time to say a little more about Scratch, which is definitely a favorite. Ashley, the owner, loves what she does, and is serious about service and quality. She remembers her customers and what they like. The chef is really excellent, though usually too busy to come out and chat. The interior is intimate and cozy, inviting you to spend some time and not rush. The cold smoked duck and loup de mer are hands down our favorite dishes there, and I assume they will stay even if the rest of the menu changes. But everything I've tried there has been excellent. They are still ironing out a few kinks with timing and delivery, but I know they will do so. Really enjoy every visit here.
I am a staunch advocate of local chefs/restauranteurs and strongly endorse their philosophy for fresh, local, and seasonal produce. That said, I find myself feeling like the pilgrim walking the land with a stone in my shoe trying to narrate my experience. So I am simply going to list the pros and cons based on my experience. PROS: A: As the name suggests made from "Scratch" with fresh and local ingredients. B: Eclectic wine and beer menu. C: Internationally inspired dishes though some I won't consider "tapas". D: Location - even though it's not on Park Avenue, it's walk able from there. E: Original dishes. F: Beautiful and artistically presented dishes. G: Friendly staff. CONS: A: Tiny portions: Tapas can be tough. How much is enough? How small is the small in "small plates? The portions at Scratch are akin to a tasting menu rather than tapas. Tapas is meant to be shared. Unfortunately the portions at Scratch are way too small. If I wanted to make a meal of the dishes, I would have to order at least 4-5 dishes. That would make just my bill over 50$ without alcohol. Now I could go to many  "fine' dining restaurants in Orlando and get a fully satisfying and beautiful meal with 1 dish and alcohol with that price tag. B: Small space and no reservations. C: Casual Service: Staff is a bit too casual with the service for restaurant of this stature. If you spill wine while pouring my glass, then please by all means clean it up. Don't leave my wine glass dripping that will ultimately stain. D: Taste: The dishes were stunning to look at. Ultimately how it tastes is what counts in my books. Most dishes did not wow my palate. I leave you with an enigmatic question: Do appearances matter more in today's modern world? I wish Scratch all the best in their tasty endeavors. Hopefully soon they will have ironed out the kinks that comes with opening a new restaurant and will become a permanent fixture on the WP foodie scene.
Delicious food, beautifully presented, great ambiance, excellent music and superb waitstaff!
For a restaurant less than 2 months old, we found all the food exceptional and priced right.  The portions varied from a full Veal chop to small bites of pork belly. I did feel the white wine list could use a little more tweaking. If vegetarian, as one guest was--- eat a little something at home.  There were not alot of choices are additional items proposed to her. Great for small groups of 4. The atmosphere is very new york loft meets dwell magazine and right off fairbanks. I will try it again , but during the week.
Amazing food and service in an intimate environment. The menu changes constantly, so it's a fun surprise to see what they have. We were there for a private party, and they knocked it out of the park with one dish after another. The rib eye with bone marrow was the best beef dish I ever tasted. It's nice that they're open until 2am most nights, because with only 40 seats going early or late is the only way to get in.
I would highly recommend Scratch! The food was absolutely delicious. Even the bread and butter was outstanding. I would definitely suggest the pork adobo, risotto, cheese platter, and creme brûlée. Good beers on tap, but even better bottled beer selection (including some hard to find belgians). Great atmosphere and decor, perfect for date night or gathering with friends, and very personable staff. Will definitely be returning!
My wife, sister and I decide to try Scratch after packing our home for a move all day. Tired and hungry added to the experience no doubt, but we all agreed that we experienced the best tasting meal of our lives. Every tapas delivered was unbelievably better than the last. Service was great. Plan for a long enjoyable experience and relax. Taste is the goal here.
Food was incredible. Be ready for a wait because the place is tiny. The pork belly is a must.
Don't scratch this charming eatery and bar off your list.... Move it to the top of your list because it really is a personable, friendly place with good food, a quaint atmosphere and great service.  Their wine selection is excellent and they tailored a nice wine flight to my wife's liking.  The beer selection is extensive with many offerings I had never seen. The tiny kitchen is right there and makes the best out of the space and the fresh seasonal ingredients available. We enjoyed every aspect of our visit...
I stopped by Scratch a couple of weeks ago to meet some friends for a drink. So my review is not about the food. I plan on going back for dinner to complete my review however for ambiance and service I loved it ! I own a restaurant in downtown Orlando so I won't be your average foodie when I talk about a restaurant! I don't think a restaurant should be judged because a salad dressing was late or the mozzarella didn't taste fresh . Or even if the service wasn't that great. I go for the vibe! Did the place recognize that you were uncomfortable did they give you lots of attention even especially if ticket times were slow. Were the servers happy and kind and knowledgable? All would be yeses to Scratch! I loved the menu and look forward to trying it! My friends told me they loved their dinner and portion size!  The owners were there and they were gracious! The prices were spot on and the decor was my favorite!  Go check it out! You'll dig it!
Great seasonal, local and creative food, from scratch. Wonderful find.  Lots of on tap beer and bottled beer (from the tap one of my favorite Cigar City Florida Cracker).  A great place for delicious food, drink and good conversation with friends.  Small place-- worth the wait.
I want to give this place 4 stars but they just swung and missed on a couple of points that put them in the middle of the pack.  We arrived around 7:30 to a really nice space that was about 80% full.  That's a nice busy buzz without being too loud.  We sat at the bar and were greeted quickly.  It's a small menu that focuses on execution rather than crazy ingredients.  We checked the beer list and wine menu and found them both to be quite nice but I do have a couple bones to pick with the wine list.  Maybe it's best to go with a Pro/Con list. Pros -The food was very nicely presented and definitely worth the prices charged.  The house made brioche wouldn't work on a sandwich but was perfect for the cheeses and the dips. -Really cool space.   -Extensive beer and wine list that has some beer offerings I haven't seen elsewhere. -The volume was perfect.  Enough to keep you conversation private but not deafening. -Very friendly staff. -Overall dining value was very, very high. Cons. -They use an iPad based POS system which is pretty cool.  However they spent quite a lot time looking at the various screens rather than refilling our wine.   First glass was super fast.  Waited for the second one longer than we should of considering they were only 5 feet away.  Technology is only a boon if it frees one up to be more face to face with the customer....not less. -I found the wine by the glass list a little pricier than needed.  I know that good Pinot Noirs aren't cheap but the mental jump from spending $15 for two glasses of wine versus $20 is significant.  I think it may be priced higher by the glass than needed to push you towards buying the whole bottle.  I found the bottle prices excellent.   -The wine flight was served in tiny brandy snifters.  I realize it's a 2 oz pour because of the "flight" aspect but it really detracts from the wine experience.  The bar has enough full size wine glasses to outfit a joint 3 times their size so why not maximize the wine experience.  You simply cannot properly enjoy wine in what is essentially shot glasses. -The malbec and pinot grigio didn't add anything to the flight.  The malbec was oddly flat and forgettable.  Not the rich experience one expects from malbec.  The pinot grigio was well pinot grigio.  It was a high quality pinot grigio but really why bother?  Change the malbec to a better example and drop the PG from the flight please. All in all it's a cool little place that by effort and enthusiasm of the staff should be in the 4 star range very quickly.  I know they've only been open 4 weeks but an honest review rather than one colored by the fact they're new I believe to be more valuable.  They won't be new for long.   One final note.  I did find that they had tons of staff on for what is only 40 seats at best.  The food was great but it's not pricey at all.  The beer and wine on the whole are about market rate.  When you consider the check average versus having at times a 2 to 1 customer to staff ratio I worry for their books.  Folks gotta get paid.  This place is definitely worth visiting.  It's high quality and low prices will either make them a very hard seat to get or the inescapable laws of finance will drag them in an undesirable direction.
A hidden gem. Cool laid-back atmosphere, unique craft beer that you can't find anywhere else, and fantastic bites. Loooove  the cheeses. Can't  wait to eat here again!
Soo damn good. Great relaxed atmosphere, awesome music and great decor.  You can definitely tell that a lot of work went into this place. The grouper and the pork belly were definitely delicious, and I was able to wash it down with a bell's two hearted IPA (something you don't often see on a menu around here). I'll definitely be back
The food is a five star experience at 2 star prices. Delicious, well balanced, and a great beer menu to boot. I am concerned however, at how they will keep up their exceptional quality when they get really really famous. Eat the spread plate!!!
If you haven't tried this restaurant, you must. A very professional staff who explained the dishes to you. The food was great and the atmosphere was very nice. We will be back.
Quaint and cozy! The atmosphere is so enjoyable you won't want to leave... We stopped by for a drink but couldn't resist trying a few things on the menu, after the first we wanted to try another, and another... The portions are perfect for sharing and tasting and generally enjoying! Can't wait to go back!
Quick, knowledgable, and attentive service. The drinks were cold and the food was exquisite. I enjoyed trying multiple dishes on the menu, which gave me a chance to enjoy various flavors while also maintaining manageable portions. The presentation of the dishes was almost as beautiful as the interior decor! You can tell everyone involved in this restaurant has put a lot of thought and love into everything. Will definitely be coming back again since they are conveniently located down the street and open late!
This place is a welcome slice of refreshing heaven to the Orlando food scene (waving my hands in praise!)  I have totally slacked on posting a review for selfish reasons of not wanting too many people to know about this awesome and very small place. Terrible I know! I want this place to keep on keepin' on..so here goes!! My husband and I sat at the bar our first time in a few months ago and I highly recommend it if you can't snag a table which is very likely since there are only about 5 in the place. The bartender made great suggestions on dishes we may not have tried otherwise. The cheese plate (both visits was different and out of this world good.) I ordered the sea bass which was melt in your mouth delicious and I could not keep my husband off my plate! He ordered the smoked duck which I think is a must order for flavor and presentation.  The wine and beer list is fantastic and a break from the usual suspects you see everywhere.  It's tapas style so you order as you go and as much as you want until full..my favorite way to dine! We came back with my parents about a month ago, snagged a table, and left just as pleased. I never thought I would be so excited about Brussels sprouts, but it may have been my favorite dish of the night..they are slap your mama good! My parents are from Atlanta, where there is shortage of amazing dining spots, and they were in love with this place!  We will definitely be back and hopefully can get in!! :)
Obviously constructed as a labor of love, this place ticks all the boxes. Atmosphere, service, and most of all, food. I had the rock shrimp corn dogs, which were amazing, and the Founders All Day IPA I had to wash it down was stupendous. They served it in a special IPA glass, which I'd never seen before! I met the owner, Mike, and he was just the nicest guy, and was extremely attentive. I'll definitely be going back.
GREAT place for a fun dinner with a group of friends. Take over the table in the back corner and order one of everything on the menu. The soundtrack was awesome and the vibe was really fun!
EPIC!!! BEST FOOD IN ORLANDO BY FAR! First time there was last week, blew me away. The wine choices are so good. I was with 3 other people and we ordered one of each tapa on the menu and we were so stuffed. Don't let the other reviews fool you, it is not overpriced at all! The quality was outstanding and the waiter was perfectly attentive. The chocolate cake with crushed pistachios and the pork belly were 2 of my favorites. DEF order the twice fried french fries. This place is a GEM and I hope its around for a long time! YOU GOT TO TRY THIS PLACE!!!
We really liked this place. Good people, great tapas. Try the loup the mer and cheese plate
good for tapas. really cute decorations.. kept running out of things on the menu. good dish.. the adobo porkbelly
Great new addition to park! Very unique with an amazing feel to it. It is a bit hidden but I think that makes it all the better definitely try this place out.
So impressed with this new Winter Park restaurant i signed up with Yelp just so i could give them the 5 stars they deserve. So go. Soon. Unless you don't like excellent food. And a great beer/wine list. And a super inviting, cozy atmosphere.
Over the course of about 2 hours we ate the majority of the menu including the specials. A small, open, 2 man kitchen pumped out dish after dish, composed with a tight, modern plating style. The flavors were bold yet reserved and well calculated. An all family owned and operated team worked in sync. Extensive craft beer and wine list accompanying the modern American tapas style menu. Extremely well priced. I would have spent twice the money at another Winter Park restaurant of similar caliber and may not have been as satisfied. All that and they serve food till 2am...in Winter Park! Scratch is a must go and will definitely become one of my new haunts in Winter Park.
Staff was friendly & knowledgeable. The atmosphere is laid back. This is a tapas restaurant,  but we found it to be filling & delicious. We will return & recommend it to others.
