The owner was great at finding out what we liked and matching it up with popular items on his menu. He personally showed us how to eat each dish the Viet way, which was a pretty delicious way regardless. We started with the Summer and Spring roll Appetizer combo. I ordered the seafood combo Pho which was very filling and included tons of fresh vegetables and great broth. Even the chicken wings were big and lots of flavor. Also had fried rice with chicken, pork, and beef. We all left very full since the portions were big for the price and everything arrived within minutes of ordering as if it was magic. I rarely write reviews but this place made me change my lazy ways just to make sure people try this place on a whim like I did.
Awesome pho. The Saigon roll is money! Comes with a very good fish sauce for dipping. Its nice they have several spice pastes on the table which I used generously. My wife got the Vietnamese iced coffee and loved it. This place is nice, clean, and relaxed. The service was very good and friendly, in fact I might even say I haven't had service this prompt at any restaurant in years.   My wife and I will be back. Can't wait to try something else from the menu.
We were here on vacation and needed a dinner place before cruising the next morning. My parents always prefer Asian (usually Vietnamese) So we went with yelp to look. We were really weary about trusting yelp for Vietnamese in Florida since we're from So Cal with some of the best pho in the country. We were surprisingly shocked at the quality and taste here. So the other reviewers are correct here. I'm comparing it back to SoCal's little saigon quality. It's not the best I've had but it comes close. Their pho is better than most. Nice staff. Things are really fresh. Pho is made in smaller batches to control quality rather than mass produced. Would come back again if we're ever in the area...
Great service, great food. I ordered the chicken pad thai without the peanut. I found their Thai tea to be more bitter than I'm used to.
Delicious food, great prices. You can't go wrong with anything that includes the shrimp paste. So far, I've had two of the vermicelli noodle dishes. One with shrimp paste, and one with shrimp paste, spring roll, and grilled pork.
Vincent!!!!!  He is the Viet Pho evangelist who is passionate of his food and culture.  I took a group of newbies to Vietnamese food and was warmly greeted by Vincent who kindly explained the intricacies of fabulous food. Stared with spring and summer rolls...from cold to hot per his suggestion.  As good as I have had anywhere! Added a green papaya salad that was awesome...but a bit different from others I have had. Two of us Asians had Pho...outstanding (but a bit higher in price than what I am used to in LA).  My two other friends had rice/meat combos.  We were all impressed. When back in O town, I will be back!
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE to come here. Not only is the broth for the Pho amazing, so are the summer rolls, vermicelli, and the owners. The owners are so kind and recognized me and my sister after one visit. The servings are generous and the cost is perfect. I'll drive an extra 20 miles for this restaurant.
What makes this place special is that you can tell the owners are passionate about serving quality food to their customers.  The wife is TOO sweet. They really treat you like family.  I always get the shrimp spring rolls and the pho, but can never finish the pho. I've never walked out dissatisfied.  Glad we don't have to go all the way to Asian town for some good pho!
ooooh goodness. I'm sitting here with this bowl of broth, not wanting to leave. What can I say? It's rainy and I felt sick, and wanted soup. All is well now. The pho 2 with the flank only is what I'm used to. I had it three times at pho 88 and was never really happy with it, but this pho is everything. I asked a couple times about cilantro and our server/houstess brought us a plate of it on the side (it comes in the broth). I don't know what else to say. Eat here. We also got summer rolls which were excellent with the peanut sauce. Our host made a few recommendations which I greatly appreciated. She was a rock star by the way, it wasn't busy at all and she was giving her full attention to the few (two at a time) tables. I'm very happy we live close by.
The place's look is a bit outdated, but don't let that fool you. The owners are great hosts and will help you choose if your unsure which one of their DELICIOUS meals you want. The food comes out pretty fast.  The owners can be somewhat forgetful (forgetting to bring another Saigon beer for my hubby)  but nothing so bad that would change my 5 star rating,, at least not so far. My husband and I love this place and we recommend it to everyone.  A definite must try and you'll love it too.
Our 1st time here and thank u to all other yelpers!  Love their food.  Their beef ball pho noodle is one of the best I've ever tasted.  My hubby rarely ordered pho when going to Vietnamese restaurants but I had him taste the broth and even he agreed that it delicious.  The broth is so flavorful oh so yummy.  I had tasted some of my hubby's dish and he order the grilled pork chop, fish patty, and fried egg over rice.  It was delicious too and their pork chop is tasty and juicy...mmmm.  Our son had grilled slice pork and spring rolls with vermicelli noodles.  Overall, we came hungry and left happy and full.  They also serve generous portions so my son couldn't finish his meal and trust me, that rarely happens. The restaurant is clean and they have booths and tables.  The wait staff is very friendly.  The food wait time was literally less than 5 minutes which is very fast considering I had my fair share going to other vietnamese restaurants and let's just say the wait is always at least 10 minutes for rice dishes.   We will definitely come back.
I'm completely torn on my review. I kept hearing and reading such fabulous reviews about this place. So on a rainy night when I was craving for pho, my husband and I decided to check this place out.  Our experience was ok but not 5 star worthy and that was mainly because of service. Saigon Noodle and Grill is located off Goldenrod close to Lake Underhill in a shopping plaza. When we walked in, the restaurant was not very busy aside from a large party in the center of the restaurant. We were greeted and invited to seat ourselves so we picked a booth closer to the front door.   The restaurant is rather clean and spacious. I would probably choose a table over a booth next visit. The seats are low and the table is high...even for my husband!  It does force you to work on your posture. I decided to place an order of 4 summer rolls with shrimp along with a bowl of pho with chicken. The bowls of pho came out right away.  There is an additional charge for an XL bowl but there is no need to upsize. The regular sized bowls here are huge and very generous. There is no skimping on noodles and the chicken pieces were huge, as if they were carved off a roasted chicken. The broth is so warm and inviting you can't stop drinking.   I was very happy with my food and can safely say this is in my top 2 of Best pho that I've had in Orlando. As for my summer rolls, I wish I had tasted it, but unfortunately it never came. So I just brushed it off and figured I didn't need the additional calories. And ,of course, when we got our check, we were charged. The server was very apologetic, took them off our bill and gave us a 10% off discount. Then he brought us back our check for payment. We placed our card with the bill ....and waited....and waited........probably a good 10+ minutes while the party in the center of the restaurant was getting very attentive service. We seemed to be the forgotten party on the other side of the restaurant. Eventually my husband got up to bring the bill up for payment after his annoyance that no one was coming and, of course, then he got an apology from the employees.  I'm wondering how the service is when the restaurant is jam packed. Because it was far from it. The food that we did have was amazing but the service probably needs some polishing on following up with guests and verifiying orders. I would gladly come back and hope that I could up my rating. On another note, we did notice that on the menu they note that they charge per take out containers (depending on plastic container with lid, Styrofoam, etc)  that are used to box up your leftovers . So take note when you order unless you don't mind sparing a couple extra $$$ . Or you could always bring your own Tupperware to avoid this cost.  haha
Pho broth is okay-good, I've had better before but I'm not complaining. But omygoodness their viet iced coffee is pretty bombb. I definitely recommend getting that, make sure to order it to go as a pick-me-up throughout the day. I wish they filled it all the way to the tippy top though, since its mostly small pieces of ice which takes up most of the space.  If I could, I would buy gallons of this stuff..but then I'd go broke.
The restaurant and the restroom is very clean. The service is fast. We got there 15 minutes before their closing hour. We feel bad that we got there late, but the owners made us feel very welcomed. We got our dinner within 5 minutes.  They have so many different dishes - so far I love them all.  My husband loves the iced coffee (it is better than organic coffee). They also have live music certain nights of the week, I have not been to one but looking forward to.  We feel the owners put all their hearts into this place and you should try it.
Oh, how I wish Yelp offered half stars, because this a 4.5 if there ever was one. The food is wonderful. Especially if you or someone you love has the sniffles. This soup would cure anything, I'm sure. We've had take-out several times and it is great. I recently dined inside for the first time. We went in for lunch and there were just a couple other customers inside. I had an order of summer rolls and a vegetable soup (the soup portion is big, I ended up with a large to-go container). The food was wonderful, of course. Our server was very nice, but a little stand-off-ish... he stayed in the back by the cash register most of the time and I had to call him to get his attention. The inside of the restaurant is bright and floral. It's very nice and obviously decorated with love (a love of flowers). I think it's awesome. The strip mall the restaurant is located in is sketchy. As in there was a couple having a very heated argument outside as I was leaving. Yikes. So, location isn't so hot, but the food is worth it.
My meal was great! During this visit I orderd a dish I was familiar with and summer rolls. The service was great. The food was spot on and the price was good. I will for sure be visiting again!
It really needs to be reiterated how incredibly wonderful this restaurant is and after various visits I can now say that this is without a doubt, my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Orlando. The service! Wonderful, attentive service! We were a party of 8 tonight and we were just totally in awe of how well we were treated. They stayed open 40 minutes after their closing time, and we were in no way shape or form pressured to hurry up and leave. One of the people with us said: "I have never been treated so well at a restaurant before." The kids were looking at the lights and the disco ball that they had at the back side of the restaurant and he asked the owner what they were for and he bent down and smiled at the kids and said: "Would you like to see?"  I thought he was just kidding with them but he actually went around to the other diners, asked if they'd mind and when they all agreed, he dimmed the lights and turned on the disco ball so the kids could start dancing!! It was just, such a wonderful experience, add to the fact that their food is phenomenal and hell; I'd venture to say this is one of my favorite restaurants; period. How often do you find a continuous flow of fantastic service and food executed to delicious perfection? YOU HAVE TO COME HERE, and see for yourself!
Homemade Thai tea was unbelievably good they make it in house with vanilla and cardamon. The crispy spring rolls, the pork BUN noodles and crispy egg noodles with chicken were all terrific. The meats could have been fresher but the vegetables made up for it they were tender and crisp. The spring rolls were the best I ever had. Service was great and the prices were reasonable if anything on the low side. I believe the owners waited on us you can tell they take pride in their food which is very authentic. The atmosphere was very old school Asian diner and the building has a old smell but don't let that detour you from sampling the amazing food!
yum yum yum! i wish this place were in DC :( came here while on vacation in orlando due to my noodle cravings. the garden roll (rice paper wrapped with tofu and vegetables w/ peanut sauce) was great to start with ... then moved to the clear stir fry noodle with chicken, which was amazing. super flavorful and rich, plethora of all ingredients and i walked out stuffed but not exploding. the green iced tea was also a great pick me up, as was our waitress, the nicest and happiest lady around! defintely recomment this place to anyone in the orlando area!
The best Vietnamese place around, the stir fried noodles, and vegetables, are heavenly. It's nice quiet and great for relaxing with friends the staff is kind and explained some of the more unique items definitely worth a stop.
Awesome awesome awesome!!! Love this place. Owners are amazingly sweet and helpful. Pho is great and thy make it so fast. When they take there time with the jasmine tea it is so refreshing. The vermicelli is great has that great fresh grille taste, the crispy spring rolls are an excellent surprise. I would definitely recommend the coconut water OMG so sweet and full of pulp an added plus for coconut lovers! The menu is extensive so I suggest coming back again and again, try a little of everything. The owners make a point of remembering you and talking to you which is comforting. ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
Came back the second time on a Saturday night around 6:15 pm to get my noodle fix after we were very pleased with the first time.  The parking lot was kinda empty and we were able to look into the restaurant somehow and didn't see anyone in there.  Contemplating about going inside or going somewhere else and thought came into our head that no one like this place anymore.  But how could it be?  It was damn good food for us.  Usually we hate to be the first one in the restaurant but I told my wife we like the place, so we are sticking with it and we gone inside. The owner's wife greeted us this time, super friendly just like her husband.  I wanted my usual pho and wife wanted to try something else with noodle this time instead of rice.  The lady suggested this stir fry dish with noodle and wife trusted her with the selection which was unusual with her (the unadventurous type). My pho was good as the last, I opted for the standard bowl which was still fulfilling.  Good thing that I ordered the small bowl because when the noodle dish came out for my wife I was shocked how awesome it was and started to carve away the portion.  The rice vermicelli looks like it was baked in a pan then fried eggs were somehow poured on top then sliced into pie wedge pieces placed around the plate with chicken and seafood stir fry in the middle.  I never had anything like this and it was super delicious!  I was about to pop from the summer rolls and the entire bowl of pho and I managed to eat two wedges of noodles plus the stir fry and rice.  I was in pain, but it was all good.  I praised to the lady that was some awesome dish and the portion was enough that we still had leftover for the next day (ate it for breakfast, still yummy after reheated). I guess we didn't get the memo that the dinner starts around 6:45 pm for Saturday night.  By the time we are half way though, the place started to fill up and full by the time we left.  That was cool knowing people are coming to this place to enjoy the food.  I won't be hesitating next time around for sure.  Enjoy! Thanks Saigon Noodle!
A very cute Vietnamnese restaurant that is extremely clean and comforting. The service is great,  very sweet and personable. Even though it isn't the closest  Vietnamnese restaurant to ucf, it I see the most worth it to seek to if you don't want to drive to viet town. The pho is great here,  the broth is flavorful and savory.  The portion is great as well. The bun Bo hue, is good but not the best I've had. I would probably stick with the pho.   The pork with rice was really good as well! The meat was marinated very well and had all the essentials such as the egg,  meatloaf,  and shredded pork skin.  Maybe it was just this day,  but I would love to have had my rice more broken. It just needed a little more kick in flavor.   I would definitely go back here, I'm so glad this place is available and is relatively close to ucf!
My best friend and I decided to try Vietnamese food for the first time today and we chose this restaurant based on Yelp reviews. Excellent choice!!! Both owners were king enough to talk to us about the various items on the menu (a big menu, by the way) and made recommendations based on what we were in the mood for: soup or no soup, what type of meat. The gentleman also suggested to my friend NOT to order something on the menu given the fact we were first-timers. We had the Saigon platter with summer rolls, spring rolls and shrimp paste. The peanut sauce was good, the fish dipping sauce was absolutely awesome. I had the seafood soup with clear noodles, my friend had a beef dish and both were really, really, really good. we also tried Vietnamese beer, I ordered Saigon, she ordered Tiger. As soon as we got them we switched. Both are good and smooth, but Tiger is a little bitter which I like. We are both looking forward to go back and try more dishes. Absolutely recommended.
It's you're average Vietnamese fare....we started out with a couple summer rolls, I had the Pho with beef tenderloin. It was piping hot, served with fresh veggies to add to the bowl and meat was super tender. My hubby got the pork with vermicelli noodles and was very pleased. I wouldn't say I have had better or worst but the service puts it over the edge. The staff is good natured and the owner made sure to stop by and really welcome us to the restaurant (you can tell he cares). Service isn't usually priority one at true Asian restaurants so this is worth a visit. The restaurant itself was is in a strip mall, and ok inside (nothing to write home about) but nice enough. We enjoyed ourselves and will definitely be back, especially since we didn't have to go all the way to Colonial/Mills. Try it, you'll like it.
It's on my way home from work, tasty and friendly. This is where Pho Pasteur used to be. My bride, daughter and I stopped by and had some food the day after lunar new year. They were still decorated for the party and were in a very good mood. They even let my daughter "light" the "firecrackers" (aka hit a button and fire cracker noises went off). This was the night before my son was born so I most of my memory of the food is gone. I think I got pho, my wife got something else I think. They were both good. Sorry, the birth messed with my memory for about 24 hours in either direction. I do remember it was very good and I was excited that it'd DEFINITELY on my way home from work. TAKE OUT NIGHT!!!
Let's cut to the chase to say that the pho was excellent. It tastes like they roasted the bones before making the broth which takes some extra special TLC. Now, I don't actually know if they do roast first, but that's to say that the broth is the most flavorful I've had in pho. I haven't been to Vietnam but I have eaten pho in San Jose, CA which might be the next best thing. ;) Really, I'm not kidding about San Jose--if you ever go there, you must try one of the top notch (though still cheap) Vietnamese joints there. But why leave home since this place has even better broth? Now back to appetizers and other mentionables. We ordered the spring rolls and summer rolls which did not skimp on the meat. On request, our server brought out scissors to snip the rolls into bite size portions. The rolls and the accompanying sauces were delish-- balanced between sweet and acidic with fresh flavors. We also ordered a crispy Vietnamese pancake stuffed with fresh, lightly stir-fried veggies. Our server was very proud and enthusiastic about the food. He insisted on putting sauce on our food to demonstrate how to optimize our enjoyment of the dishes. The veggies were fresh and crunchy in the pancake and as accompaniments to the pho. It was evening and we are caffeine wimps so I'm sorry we can't report on their coffee or tea. There was only one minus which I don't think is really their fault. One of the light fixtures next to an AC vent had condensation in it which dripped (just a couple of drops) on one of us. The server (probably the owner?) said he'd talk to his landlord about it. This is not a place to go for great ambiance, but it is a place for great food. This is a highlight for the food scene in Orlando and we will be back.
My husband and I just moved to Orlando, and after a long day of moving, we decided to hit this hidden gem! At first, my husband and mother were a little weary of the exotic menu. But man were we surprised! I had the Pad Thai, which was awesome, my mother had the combo platter, which again was great, finally my husband had his squid and practically licked the bowl clean! The service was great, the prices and portions were awesome and the food was just as pleasing. The only thing we all had to laugh at was the .50-.75 cents for to go boxes. Granted, for the price it was still worth it. We will definitely be back to try some other menu items. Maybe next time I'll be more adventurous!
Great service. Owner was more than pleased to walk me through the menu and flavor combinations. Food selection is huge there's something for everyone.  My entree was his suggestion and I definately enjoyed it.    I'll be back for sure to try the pho
I tried the shrimp summer roll and pork summer roll, both were very good. The interior was very clean and the owners were very welcoming and friendly. I will definitely be back to try their pho in the cooler months!
I gotta go with 5 stars on this place. Only been there one time, last night, using Yelp to chose. The place is immaculate, the food was very good and fresh, and the owner/hostess was very engaging. Prices were very reasonable. I'll go again next time I'm in that area.
Don't let the fact that this place is in a strip mall fool you. It's awesome. From the moment we sat down we were welcomed. Not a fancy spot but food was very tasty. When I'm back in town I will stop in PHO sure.
We ordered summer rolls and they came out COLD. if you have had summer rolls before, they are supposed to be rolled fresh and at least room temp. Biting into a refrigerated summer roll was not pleasant at all. i am all about second chances so i will be returning to eat again and will be updating my post if it is necessary. UPDATE* - I came back for another try and the summer rolls are still premade and refrigerated. BOOO :( I also have to comment that their Vietnamese coffee isn't really authentic Vietnamese coffee; it is actually their own take on the drink. This restaurant's pho is a little pricier than most so you should just try out their other dishes.
I was soooo disappointed to figure out the pictures I saw in Yelp are all way too better than the real thing I got there. The beef fried rice topped with sunny side up is so dry and saltless. It barely had any flavor in it and the beef was just like wood chips. The interesting thing is the chef (and the boss too I guessed) kept standing at the table and asking if everything tastes good and forcing us to take pictures and post on Yelp......so ridiculous.
PHO-tastic! I do love a restaurant where the host seems just to be having a great time with it all! Having just flown in from the frozen North I need a little help unfreezing my blood; nothing quite hits the spot like a steaming bowl of Pho. The location belies the deliciousness that lies within. The excellent and friendly service, low cost, tasty and good sized portions made Saigon Noodle and Grill a winner for me. I'm still all a buzz from the sugary, creamy, caffeinated delight of the "Best Vietnamese Ice Coffee". ... I'll be back - hurrah for whatever it is the put in that addictive Pho broth!
This place is hands down my favorite Vietnamese restaurant!  I'm so fortunate that I live so close by!  Since I do live nearby I usually order take out but on my last visit I decided to dine in.  I went with my husband for lunch and we feasted!  We split the pork summer rolls that come with a side of fish sauce.  They are so so delicious!  We both ordered the C2 rice platter with pork and it comes with a fried egg.  I was very satisfied with my meal and the portions are quite large so I had plenty to take home and eat the next day.  Service was excellent and the restaurant was pretty busy since we went at noon on a Saturday.  This place is a must try if you enjoy Vietnamese cuisine.
Saigon Noodle and Grill recently opened in the same location where Pho Pasteur has been for quite a few years, in the plaza on the southwest corner of Lake Underhill road and Goldenrod road. I had visited Pho Pasteur a few years ago and thought it to be okay but not that memorable. The new Saigon Noodle and Grill is a big change from the previous Vietnamese incarnations in this place. Gone are the murals of Vietnamese jungles and rivers, replaced by a more placid light green wall color. The menu, still undergoing changes, has some of the faithful Vietnamese dishes like bun thit nuong (rice vermicelli noodles with grilled pork), com dac biet (rice platter with grilled meat, pork casserole, tomato, etc.), and of course pho, the Vietnamese national dish of beef and rice noodles in soup. Vietnamese food holds a special place in my heart, and I often find Vietnamese restaurant renditions of some dishes to be lacking at times, especially those who try to take short cuts or use less quality ingredients. The pho here is quite exceptional and filled with cuts of meat. The broth is as good or even better than the ones found in the Mills 50 area where competition runs high. I would say the pho here ranks among my favorite pho in Orlando. Service is also quite nice, run by Mr. and Mrs. Nguyen, long time restauranteurs and owners of Saigon Noodle and Grill. They are very friendly and gracious every time I've visited, and were accordingly accommodating to their other guests as well. For those living on the east side of Orlando, this is the best bet for some great Vietnamese food. Even if it were downtown, it would probably do well and best even some of the longstanding Vietnamese restaurants in the Mills 50 area.
Amazing!! Friendly staff that goes above and beyond. Ordered pho to share with my three year old and they split it and put it in another small bowl with out me asking.
My husband and I recently found this little gem across from my work place.  They have a huge menu and they use very fresh vegetables and herbs for their dishes. I have tried the veggie spring rolls with peanut sauce, the ginger chicken, and the vietnamese coffee- all of which were incredibly good and filling. My husband likes the porridge and vermicelli. If you are in the east orlando area and looking for some delicious vietnamese faire, this is the best choice!
Two reviews (both 5 stars) was all this restaurant had when we decided to stop by for dinner, and I'll admit to thinking, "Well, we'll see about THAT!"  It's hard to believe that anything really great is ever going to come out of this shopping center after having lived walking distance from it on and off for many years. I can't tell you how happy I am to be wrong in this case. Our meal started with the Shrimp Rolls (standard summer rolls but without the pork, since my wife doesn't dig on swine) with peanut sauce (photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/saig… ). The peanut sauce they have here is rich and delicious, but more importantly the rolls were clean, fresh and tightly wrapped.  I don't know what it is, but lately we've seen an increase in poorly wrapped rolls that fall apart after your first bite, even at some of the long-standing restaurants in the ViMi district and surrounding area.  So I'm happy to see it done right here. The owner made a strong case for the K3 and K4 dishes, which are basically the "bird's nest" dishes.  I took the bait and went for the K4, a mixture of chicken, beef, shrimp, fake crab meat, onions, peppers, carrot, broccoli, and surely some other things I've forgotten on a bed of crispy noodles with gravy (see photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/saig… ). It was a great dish that seemed to get better as I got farther in, certainly my favorite of the three or four of its type that I've had at other restaurants. My wife ordered the beef and noodle pho [see 'pho'to (hehe) : yelp.com/biz_photos/saig… ], and graciously allowed me to sample it as much as I wanted.  And oh, how I wanted.  I went through a long pho phase and lately I've been off of it, trying different things.  But this pho has thrown me right back into that phase.  So I'm going to come right out and say this now: Saigon Noodle and Grill, a small Vietnamese restaurant in a dumpy little strip mall on Goldenrod, has the best pho I've tasted in Orlando.   The broth is mouth-watering and expertly seasoned, and everything within is perfectly cooked. Two portion sizes are available, although the smaller one is certainly enough for just about anyone. There are other tempting options available on the menu, including a "roll your own" style platter that comes with rice paper so you can have a go at learning how terrible you really are at making rolls with rice paper, and there are also a number of interesting looking beverages on the menu.  All in all, certainly a menu that will keep me coming back.
**Best Vietnamese coffee anywhere. Beware huge portions. ** We stopped in Saigon Noodle & Grill for lunch recently, and were pleasantly surprised. First off, the Vietnamese coffee, which the proprietors explain derives from the gentleman's prior experience growing coffee in Vietnam, is unbelievably good -- rich and sweet and exceptionally dark and flavorful. Any fan of this style of coffee should go to Saigon Noodle and Grill immediately and sample it. It is simply fantastic. The aforementioned proprietors are very kind, very attentive, and deserving of the consideration of anyone looking for local Vietnamese food, particularly outside of the downtown area. The standouts here are the coffee and some truly gargantuan portion sizes. More on that below. The spring rolls were also wonderful; large and full of huge shrimp and fresh veggies. Nearly a meal in themselves, they foretold of more excess to come in the main dish. The speciality of the house is the selection of "bird's nest" dishes. I understand the owners' justified pride in recommending we try these amazing concoctions, which comprise huge slabs of egg-fried rice cut into thick, biscuit-style triangles and arranged around a heaping collection of veggies, shrimp, chicken, and squid (depending on the dish chosen) on a bed of crispy noodles. But I confess we were a little turned off by the sheer size of these dishes. One "bird's nest" could easily feed two large, hungry people, or four looking for a light lunch. Having ordered one for each of us, we felt like we had wasted money and food getting so much, and were ultimately a little turned off by the excess and heaviness. The meat itself was also just okay. More steamed than fried or broiled, the huge slabs of chicken and squid simply overwhelmed. A bit less, for a bit less, would make much more sense. That said, anyone looking for Vietnamese food in the area owes these lovely people a visit. Try the mind-blowing coffee and the delicious giant spring rolls. Consider a bird's nest if you are in the mood for a huge plate of steaming meats. Otherwise, perhaps consider another dish as we will when we return for another of those amazing coffees.
If you're in Orlando and you'd like to try your taste in increasingly popular Vietnamese food - look no further than Saigon Noodle and Grill! During a recent visit to Florida I was craving a nice lunch with friends and decided to try this restaurant. The menu offers variety of dishes which can be used for quick cravings to romantic dinner entres. My friends had Pho which looked really good. I had a dish called Banh trang nuong which is a sort of spring roll that you get to create yourself -great to have with a close friend or romantic partner. Like always, I judge a restaurant by their "com thit nuong" (rice with shredded pork) and it was amazing! For a restaurant situated so far from the main Viet town, this place delivers. The meat was tender with no bad pieces (most Vietnamese restaurants give you fatty meat) and the rice to meat proportion was perfect (enough rice for every bite of meat). All in all, if you're looking to try a Vietnamese place this restaurant is in a very convenient location with plenty of parking and great hours of operation. Must try place!
Pho. Sho. This is for reals the best pho ever. The broth is hearty and clear. The noodles are yummy. The gal that waited on my table was super sweet too. If you are within driving distance (or airplane distance even!) go get some pho at Saigon Noodle.
Saigon Noodle and Grill has by far the best Pho I have tasted in Orlando. I have tried almost every resturant in colonialtown and these guys take the cake. You would never think that you would fine one of the best Vietnamese spots in Orlando in a dingy strip mall on goldenrod but if you are in the area this is a must try. There are always some Vietnamese customers there which is a huge plus in my book. Prices are very fair. The atmosphere is very homey and the couple that runs the place could not be nicer. If you are in the area and have a craving for pho (I always do) then this is the place to go.
My son and I teamed up  a local yelper, we are aka Team Vega, she not only recommends this place but considers it to be one of her favorite Vietnamese restaurants in the area. We started with Bahn Xeo which she had never tried before, a dish I have had many times in many different Vietnamese restaurants, this was,with out a doubt, the best I have had to date anywhere. What sent this Bahn Xeo over the top for me was the flavor and tempura like crispiness of the crepe, absolutely outstanding! We also ordered Ch giò which were exceptional in flavor and fried to crispy golden perfection. Oh, lets not forget the peanut sauce which, here again, was excllent and much better than I have had elsewhere. What Vietnamese meal would be complete with out Pho in this case Pho Ga. I must admit, I was just a tiny bit disappointed as I felt the broth didn't have the richness, depth or breadth of flavor as my favorite spot in Springfield but the chicken was very tender juicy and flavorful. Having said that, the Pho at Saigon Noddle is well above the average and our over all our experience was an extremely possitve one. The service was quick, efficient and it was a nice treat to have the owner stop by our table to chat, she was quite charming and we had a delightful conversation. This place is solid, although, it does have a very limited menu but that is based on the location and the demographic they serve. Nonetheless, Saigon Noodle does a very very credible job and I wouldn't hesitate a moment to return to explore other items on their menu.
It is a hidden find in a rather ordinary shopping plaza but you walk in and the ambiance is joyful and happy. But more importantly the Pho is flat out delicious. Try P1. With plenty of sriracha, like , etc. So good!
LOVE. I used to go to a place of Colonial Dr. which is great, but decided to give this place a try. I love it. Pho taste great, big bowl, fresh. I was skeptical, but this is my new to go to Pho restaurant. Spring roll are sooooo good and the vietnamese coffee is good. This is the only place i've tried vietnamese coffee so can't compare it to any thing. Waiters, which i think were the owners were really nice and attentive. And food came out quick. They catered to my picky request with no problems. Will definately be coming back. And place look nice and clean. Which is a big thing for me
I had actually never had Vietnamese food before until my girlfriend convinced me to go here. The summer roll with the peanut dipping sauce was outstanding, and my fried rice was perfect. She ordered the wonton soup, and it was also pretty great. It's a shame because they never look very busy on the inside, but more people should definitely know about this place.
Summer rolls were delicious! Not overstuffed with vermicelli noodles. The pho was pretty good. The ice coffee is so much better than Starbucks! Strong and clean. Worth going there for the coffee. Service was terrific. The staff gave me a pair of scissors to cut the noodles for the little one. Though the kid scoffed at the Peter Rabbit bowl, it was nice to have a kiddie bowl for sharing.
I'm a Pho Whore.  Even though there're plenty good Vietnamese restaurants on 50, I'm beyond grateful that Saigon Noodle and Grill is near my house.  Service is great and prompt.  The restaurant is clean and spacious.  Pho is fantastic.  To be fair I only have tried Pho, Vietnamese coffee, and Summer Rolls, I'll continue to return here on a weekly basis.
Great food and people.best pho I have ever had.they have expanded the menu!been going since the day the opened.
I don't like a lot of Vietnamese restaurants since I'm always comparing them to Mom's cooking, but this place hits the spot.  I love that everything is fresh and absolutely delicious.  I just wish it was closer to my house.
Was never a fan of pho until I went with a friend to this place.  The husband and wife team that own and operate this place really care about their customers and making sure you have a good meal.  I have also ordered take-out, just as a shot in the dark to see if you could take out pho, and this place does it right.  Huge thing of broth and giant box of noodles, chicken, sprouts, herbs and all of the other add-ins for pho. Definitely a great find in an unlikely spot.  Should try it out if you're ever in the neighborhood.
I'm a very picky eater when it comes to Viet food. This place is delicious. I highly recommend their pho and rice combo plates. And you CANNOT leave with having a cop of their ice coffe with condensed milk. Aside from being delicious, this place has been consistent. Each time I come to dine, I'm never disappointed.
I just got back from a long vacation in Vietnam and this restaurant brought me right back to the streets of Saigon where everything is fresh, fresh, fresh! Delicious grilled pork ... better than what I had in Vietnam actually. The coffee, though, is the reason I'll be going back again and again! I'm so glad to have found my new Viet spot!
Saigon Noodle and Grill I would have to agree is the best Pho I have had in Orlando. I have just recently moved from Canada and have been dying to find a real traditional Pho. Finally I have found it and it is coincidentally nice and close to my house. Excellent service, very friendly and pationate about what they serve. Great experience if you have never tried Pho before. I highly recommend trying them out!
Most of the folks that live in Orlando go to Colonial Town area for Vietnamese food,i myself  did for a few years until the first one was open on Goldenrod Rd,so far it has changed hands 4-5 times,it was hit or miss up until now.The new owners are always there and the service is top notch,the food is as authentic as it gets.Prices and portions is also a great deal,besides the soups,they have whole fish,rice dishes,grill meats and drinks.Worth the drive from downtown(6-10 mins on 408).
Had the Pho with rare beef, brisket, and meatballs.  Excellent.  If you're craving Pho, this place is worthy.  Great service too!
This Viet restaurant on Goldenrod Road is up there with the best. My garden roll and vegetarian variation on pho were both excellent. But consider bringing your own napkin, as theirs are kleenex thin. Sadly no wine, only beer. Thus the four stars.
Amazing, attentive and gracious service, delicious food too. The portions are extremely generous. Get the bird's nest (item K4 on the menu) -- the noodles are super crispy.
I can't add anything that hasn't already been said, but I had to add my rating to support the place.  Fantastic food and service.  And the previous comment about the rolls being tightly wrapped is spot on!  What a difference it makes!  Nice to have a great restaurant so close to home.
A family owned restaurant. Love the food, the service, and everything about it. Small place but defiantly much better then a lot of places in town. Very friendly owner, the recognize us every time we go.
Pretty good Vietnamese food here. The family is very friendly and seemed to recognize me after my 2nd visit. If you want the best in Vietnamese, such as Lac Viet and Anh Hong, then you will have to go to Little Vietnam and deal with the traffic and parking. But if you want a more relaxing drive and parking, then you come to this restaurant. It is just South of 408 on Goldenrod.
Awesome!  From the atmosphere, food and staff/owner interaction.  It's not whether I'll be back or not, it's how long I can wait to come back.  I ordered the special pho, shrimp only summer rolls and the Vietnamese coffee ( a must) and everything was perfect. Thank you Saigon Noodle and Grill for an awesome lunch.
Excellent!  Decided to venture off the beaten path of Mills/ 50.  Glad I did.  The place is really clean, staff is very attentive and the food was served up fast.
Went there tonight with the family for dinner.  We ordered grilled pork chops, buttered beef, shrimp and spring rolls.   We enjoyed everything and the owners went out of their way to please us.  Service was great. The vietnamese coffee was exellent!  I would go there again.
Food was excellent!  This seems to be family owned, great service, and as we entered and left we were acknowledge by the staff in a way you just don't get in chains.
Great menu selection, and great service. We had crispy combination noodles, and the noodles were perfect and the sauce was tasty. Worth the drive out of downtown if you want homestyle Vietnamese food during vacation!
So goood!!!! Best pho!
Amazing!! I ordered the Pho beef noodle soup.. The flavor was just amazing. The owner actually took his time out to review the menu with me prior to ordering then once he brought the soup out he spent time with me providing instructions on how to make the it more personal like with the different spices, lime, Etc.. He was extremely friendly and made me feel at home.. His hospitality will never be forgotten. Thanks again for a delicious dinner.. I will be back for sure!!
This place is great.  The food is excellent and the couple that own the place are as nice as you'll find.   I highly recommend the K4.
