Friendly and relaxing atmosphere early, lively nightlife later. We arrived approx. 9pm and stayed until about 11pm. By 11 the crowd had grown a lot. We spent the whole time on the roof top. The tiki torches were a bit warm on an already hot evening in late June, but they definitely added to the ambiance. We had our own table on the edge of the balcony overlooking the Church Street Market sign with the Amway Center in the background. Good service. Funny DJ who played all sorts of late 90s early 00s. Some Backstreet Boys really made my fiancée and her girlfriend quite pleased. At 10:30 they started 3-for-1s which was a spectacular deal especially if with a group and everyone only wants one beer or so. Overall, I was very pleased with this establishment.
Went to Latitudes a couple weekends ago and had some very mixed (mostly positive) feelings on the place. It's located on Church St above Big Belly and a few other bars, and is a completely outdoor bar. Loved the ambiance! Tiki torches, open air, good music (though the night I was there seemed like "let's play 85% Michael Jackson and 20% 80's and 5% 90's music night...), and pretty good drink specials. We got there around 9, and I stayed until about midnight. They had 2 for 1 drink specials on some of their drinks and 3 for 1 beers. The bartenders were all pretty girls, but one of them definitely had a heavier pouring hand than the others. I can see how this place would get really crowded on nice nights (we were there on a night when it had rained most all day, so I didn't see it get too busy).
Great atmosphere, nice drink specials.... But by far the worst bartenders in Florida - yes Florida. I've seen 7 bartenders at once, not take one order for literally 10 minutes from a packed crowd, then give people attitude when they finally do. This place is only worth going to if you want to go to a rooftop bar. Just don't expect any service from the bartenders...
Man, this place hasn't changed much during my 15 years living in Orlando. As I've gotten older, and stopped working downtown, I haven't visited Latitudes much. But when an old Orlando friend came back into town, this was the place we ended up at. Latitudes still offers a fun atmosphere, incredible views of the city, and still one of the best happy hours downtown: 3-for-1 drinks. It's no high-class cocktail bar, but it's not trying to be. Sometimes paying $4.50 for 3 longnecks is how you want to unwind after work. The music is still loud (or I'm getting older), and fighting for a drink at the bar is still an adventure. But overall a decent place.
This is a nice multi-bar set up. The rooftop while surrounded by high rises still has a nice view of the city. I noticed the night I went (Friday night) that the crowd was a bit older some 20s but a lot in their 30s or even 40s. I guess the $5 cover scared away the college kids. The drinks were reasonable with a Miller Lite Special at $3 a pop. I'm still blown away by Orlando prices compared with other cities I've lived in DC and Miami. Anyway, there was a decent amount of dancing on the rooftop and also on the first floor. The middle floor I believe had a pool table and was typical bar set up.
I have stopped in Latitudes many times over the years from my visits to Orlando to my now inhabitation of the area and each time it has consistently provided a good time for me and my friends. I LOVE the rooftop bar and drink specials that they offer on most nights...be careful because 3-for-1 can sneak up on you in a hot second...especially if its 90 degrees outside and you are grooving the night away. It does get crowded up top, so I usually just do a stop in and then keep it moving around downtown. I will say that as a 3 story bar, the top deck is by far my favorite, but if you ever just want to escape the masses without really relocating, then simply walk downstairs!   Overall, never had a bad experience or a terrible time here!
Came here over this past weekend and really loved this place. They have a great outdoor space, the music was excellent, it was crowded enough that you don't feel awkward, but not so crowded that you feel uncomfortable. As much as this would be enough...this is also the bar with the most amazing Saturday night drink special I've ever encountered. 2 for 1 drink specials...get out of the way for Latitudes Saturday night 3 for 1's. When we got there around 11, I ordered 3 Vodka/Ginger Ale's and 3 Miller Lite's...and paid a whopping $11.25. Even if I had only gotten 2 drinks (instead of 6!), the prices would be incredibly fair. The only reason that I can't give this place 5 stars is that this deal is so good it's dangerous. They literally ask you if you'd like to make your 3 drinks a triple in one glass. Because it's really hard to carry around three drinks at once I said yes. Trust me...don't do this. To be fair, later on in the night (after midnight I think) it's "only" 2 for 1's. As far as the crowd goes, we were a crowd all in our late 20's (maybe even early 30's?) and we didn't feel like we were much older than everyone else. Maybe it just depends on the day?
The ambiance of Latitudes is youthful with its top floor location, tiki torches and cheap drinks. It was a wonderful Saturday night this past weekend and after a performance at Mad Cow we decided to head to Latitudes for their special, 3-4-1. We got ourselves a table in the front overlooking Church Street and enjoying ourselves when, unexpectedly, cockroaches surfaced and started crawling over our table. We looked at the wall behind us and on the floor discovering the place was covered with vermin. Calling it quits I went to the bar and closed out. I also informed the bartender about the situation, but she was too intoxicated to care and just laughed in my face. See ya, Latitudes.
For those who don't know, Latitudes is on the rooftop of a building that houses two other bars: Chillers on the first, Big Belly on the second. If you can't decided which one to chill at, choose Latitudes. Side note: the other two reek of some smell that's similar to vomit. Both times I've gone there, it's smelled like. And the floors were sticky. Gross. But back to Latitudes: the rooftop scenery is a major plus. I feel that if this place was indoor, it would be lacking as a whole. Another major plus is that this place is, supposedly, queer-friendly so it's a nice place for queer folk to hang out. I will say that this lounge seems to be more for younger people, like 18-25, so if you're older, you might feel out of place. The service is fine, and the people working there are nice. Dress code is not an issue, and both times I went, cover was nonexistent. And the music was great for dancing. The best time to go is around 11 on all nights. HEADS UP FOR QUEER FOLK:  I heard from the people working at Ember (another queer-friendly bar/lounge) that people on Sundays will go there first, then hit Latitudes at around 11, then hit Pulse (a gay club) afterwards. I'm definitely trying that out next time. The only problem I have is that Latitudes MIGHT end up smelling like vomit too (the reason why I gave this a 4 and not a 5), depending on where you're standing. The first time I went was after the crowd had left, so there was only 8 or 9 people there. And no matter where my friends and I stood, there was that stench. But when we went last night, it was totally fine. Now, I have NO IDEA why this whole building smells like this (maybe there are way too many people getting way too drunk), but it's definitely an issue. All-in-all, I could see myself coming here to relax and have a drink and dancing a bit.
Whoops! Since I DIDN'T read the previous reviews I had was learned the hard way that Sunday is gay night. As a straight guy, I still ended up having a great time at their rooftop bar which was very serene. It had an excellent distribution of space to where we never felt crammed or uncomfortable. The drinks were extremely on special....we got drinks with grey goose vodka for 7 dollars total because we walked in on happy hour which was ironically still going on at 11:00pm! The servers/bartenders went above and beyond and were very friendly/welcoming. For a sunday night where there's nothing to do in downtown Orlando, this was a great turnout.
Thought this place was great. I was out for my birthday and had a lot of fun. Lots of cute girls, good music. What I didn't realize was how scrutinized every tip you leave is, and mostly, it seems that a few too many people have their hands out. What is really shitty about this is it was a guy that didn't even serve our group and a girl that tried to charge us triple what was actually owed. Is it customary now that whatever you save on a special should be paid to a servicer in tips??? I know he's not an owner and doesn't care about this place's owners, otherwise he probably wouldn't have gotten all in my face over a 2 dollar and change tip; in particular, if he had known that we had been tipping the bartenders at 50% for every drink order before I decided to empty the change from my pockets, ol' twat mouth would have stayed quiet. But he didn't, golly gee, if he would have known the server was too dumb to realize her own place of employment's specials running at the time and not tried to unapologetically triple charge us, Mr. Doucheacuntwat would have said, "maybe I shouldn't try to publicly berate patrons." In a nut shell, try to stay close to your group. The staff may mug you if you don't pay them off right or, the format of your tip is to their disapproval.
Who doesn't love rooftop bars? This guy certainly does and Latitudes does not disappoint. Décor is done right with tiki torches and palm trees, DJ plays top 40, and there is usually a healthy crowd of 20 and 30 somethings. There is always a good drink deal and a great view of the city. FUN FACT: Sunday night is gay night. I'm not gay, not that there's anything wrong with that (Seinfeld fans? Anyone?), but I found myself here one Sunday night unexpectedly, stayed for a few drinks and ended up having a good time with my date.
I have bad news.  I think I might be too old for Latitudes, which is a travesty. So here is the deal with Latitudes:  3 stories - 3 different bars.  I have been here on several occasions and have had an absolute blast!  The rooftop bar is really nice.  The club bar is a great place to shake it.  I'm sure the country bar is fun, if you are into country bars. The last time I came, I just felt kind of old when looking at the crowd.  Maybe it is the end of an era or maybe I will give it another shot....
A-OK for the unbeatable view of downtown Orlando.  Unfortunately, you can't enjoy it very much if the smell of days old vomit irritates you.  Drink up!  Usually they have generous liquor deals so you no longer notice the bile smell.   Be very careful not to step on broken glass! I would never pay to get in, but otherwise I recommend everyone come here at least once for the view and the hodgepodge of every imaginable culture in Orlando.
If you feel like paying five bucks to drunk-people-watch, you will get a lot of bang for your buck at Latitudes. This was my view there last Saturday night at 12:30 (which I consider to be fairly early in the evening) - One completely wasted girl almost faceplant going down a ramp, thanks to her friend who was even more wasted. - Two cops and an employee laughing at said drunk girls. - Three different wasted girls trying repeatably to get on a ledge and shake their booties to those of us on ground-level. Two eventually made it up, where they turned their faces toward the wall and lanterns to shake their money makers at their boys. - Four wish-they-were-on-Jersey-Shore dudes mouthing the lyrics to "Like a G6" with both hands slicin' the air and heads bobbin' as though their lives depended on it. - The girlfriends of those four dudes looking anywhere but at their men... (and rightly so, ladies... rightly so) Every once in awhile it can be worth the five bucks to people watch, but not worth it if you want to actually get to a bar... This probably goes double after a Predators game. Consider yourselves warned.
Probably had one of the best nights of my life at this rooftop bar in Orlando, FL.  I was in town for a Badger Bowl game (beat #7 Auburn, woo hoo!) and heard Church St was the place to go for the bar scene.  Went there for New Years Eve and a couple of other nights before the holiday and had nothing but a blast every time.  The crowd on New Years was amazingly cool and the price to get in wasnt completely outrageous. This is the top deck of 3 bars stacked on each other in the same building.  Chillers in on the lower level and is more of a dance club that has slushy drinks with alcohol that will turn your mouth colors if you get a dark colored drink.  Big Belly Brewery is more of a pubby atmosphere with dart boards and a pool table, then chillers is an open air bar (its basically a wood deck on a rooftop) that has tiki torches around the border where you can look down onto Church Street. The Kentucky Reserve whiskey set the night off.  I fell head over heels with "Your Love" by The Outfield here and my life hasnt been the same since.  My next visit to Orlando, my criteria for finding a hotel will be which one is the closest to Latitudes.
FINALLY After braving the skanks and Chester Molester types at Mako's and the cougars at Antigua, I happened upon Latitudes.  I was a little skeptical of paying a $5 cover, but it turned out to be well worth it.   The clubs has multiple levels each with a different vibe, but the highlight is definitely the rooftop.  The crowd was mostly mid-20's to early 30's which suited me just fine.  They also had a 2 for 1 drink promotion going on which seemed like a great thing at the time... Overall this was the best bar of the evening.
I really like Lattitudes.  I live right by it, so it's very convenient for me and when I moved in, I was given a "Party Pass" so I don't ever have to pay to get in to Lattitudes anymore, which is probably why I like this place so much....if I had to pay all the time for cover, I would probably think less of the place. There's music for everyone here, since all three levels play different stuff.  I hop between Chillers for dancing, Big Belly for a more relaxed bar atmosphere, and Lattitudes to be outside on the rooftop for some fresh air and good music. I definitly recommend this place to anyone.  One of the better places downtown I think.  They also have 3-4-1's on Saturday nights, which is a great deal downtown!  The place can get pretty crowded on the weekends as it gets later into the night, but it's never unbearable.
Latitudes is where you go when you want to feel like you're on a cruise ship, but don't want to spring $500. This bar is on an outside rooftop overlooking downtown. To get to it, you must climb the never-ending Stairway of Death. As you're doing this, try not to think that you will have to endure the Stairway of Death again on the way down, only this time you will probably be intoxicated. Latitudes is all about promoting the "Frankie Says Relax" atmosphere. There are tiki torches everywhere, as well as tables with thatched umbrellas. You would expect them to play reggae, but they play tricks on your senses. Often times it's a mix of 90s alternative, which I dig. I seem to hear Third Eye Blind's "I wish you would step back from that roof, my friend" song every time I come here. Oh, you guys! Drinks have liquor in them. They often have good specials, like buy one, get one free. There's really nothing about this bar that stands out other than it's on a rooftop, which makes its cool factor go up significantly. A word of caution, however: remember what goes up must come down. Drink water before attempting to go back down. Seriously.
Good Cocktails on a Rooftop Bar. Perfect place for a drink on a beautiful night. The winter time is perfect...go try it. Located in a great nightlife district. The downtown is so much more enjoyable than downtown Disney or Universal.
Tiki torches, outside roof top bar, top 40. Happy Hour commonly known secret: Saturday nights come early before 10:30 p.m and pay $5 for entry for the 3 for 1 drinks until 11:30 p.m. You're welcome.
Nice rooftop bar.  Love the atmosphere and the casual fun crowd in general. Hate that they charge cover. But for the nice rooftop bar I'll do it on a nice night and it gets you access to 3 bars so it makes it bareable if I'm craving the frozen drinks at Chillers and it's not too hot, humid, or wet out. Last visit, it was supposed to be 2 for 1 drinks but when the tab came it looked like we paid more and the tab is not itemized... suspect.  We didn't ask or dispute because the waitress was so hard to catch.  Also,  maybe it's superstition but you shouldn't ever sign a name in red pen... that's all the girl had.  :o\
great sky bar with 3 levels. They tend to have the best frozen drink specials in town. Hot girls with jello shots make their way through a SLAMMED dance floor. This is a UCF night tradition. I cant remember if it was Tue or Thur...but it was $1.00 drinks....with 20 flavors of frozen margaritas and slides. My favorite is the PINK PANTIES and PURPLE PASSION... If you are looking for a chill place to hang with friends and enjoy some drinks....KEEP LOOKING! This place is SLAMMED with college kids and packed beyond compacity. Only good thing is it is 21 and up. But I wouldnt recommend it to anyone not attending UCF or VCC.
I try to not come here that often, however,  watching the sunset over downtown combined with the nickel beers downstairs at Big Belly, make it an undeniable one-two punch. Latitudes, for those that don't know, is a rooftop bar in your obvious Tiki setup. Gas torches line the perimeter and the music is crappy and loud. Like I said, I try to not come here too often, because even during the week, the crowds can be too much. One cool thing, when you can get them, are the four-top tables which are perfect for bringing a small group.
Loved the atmosphere, good young/mid aged  but well put together crowd  nice set up and plenty of space to dance. Several floors to this place but the rooftop was the best.
Cutting to the chase on Latitudes... I love that this bar slash club is outdoors and on the top of a building. The atmosphere is so laid back with everyone simply doing their own thing unlike other clubs where I feel like everyone is all up in your business and you have to yell in order to conversate with anyone. Their drinks are quite tasty. With a full service bar, you can find just about anything your heart desires and the bartender is usually pretty generous with the alcohol portion. Plus, there are different drink specials here various nights of the week. This place doesn't seem to be filled with girls wearing basically nothing and guys who trying to pick those girls up. Depending on the time of day of course, most people are with friends simply enjoy the drinks and the company. What I don't like about this place...it's not very big, so it can crowded if there are too many people. Many companies host private parties up here making it off limits for everyone else. If you're not found of heights, just don't look down.
One of the better bars in Downtown Orlando. Latitudes in the roof top bar on top of two other bars. I like it because of the awesome drink specials they offer. If you get there at the right time you will be rewarded with 3 drinks for the price of one! This special changes quite frequently though. One time we we were told it ended at 11. A couple weeks later we were told it started at like 11 or something. I just went this past Friday with some people after work. It was about 4:30 5:00 and the had the 3-1 going on. This bar does get busy on the weekends. The bar isn't very big, and when the specials are going on be prepared to wait! They play decent music and there is normally a good group of people there.
This is a fun place! It was one of the first bars I visited after moving to "The City Beautiful."  It seemed cool to me for many reasons:   #1 It sits on top of a roof in the heart of downtown on Church Street #2 It's lined with tiki torches and heaters for the cooler nights #3 The music is great #4  The other patrons are young and usually fun (and there's many of them!) #5 There is a stage area for contests and live music #6 Great drink specials So if any of the above tickle your fancy too, I would highly recommend visiting this gin joint.
If you're looking for a nice view of the nightsky and want to enjoy the evening weather, you can socialize and chill out at this club. It's located on the roof above several other bars.   It reminds me of Eddie Bahamas in Jacksonville with its laid back atmosphere and wooden deck surroundings. The DJ was really good on this night (Thursday) playing mashup mixes.  (KRS-One beats with Katy Perry vocals, for example.)
I'm not a big fan of that many bars, or should I say clubs, downtown. But this is one of the few exceptions. I just really like that its a rooftop bar. So you dont get that smoky smell like a lot of other bars. The drink prices are very reasonable and with three different bars its usually easy to grab a drink. Never too crowded and usually the crowd is pretty cool.
This is one of my staples of downtown Orlando night life! Latitudes is the rooftop bar that sits atop of Big Belly and Chillers.  It's ambiance is relaxed and the DJ is normally willing to play a few for a friendly face. I love the tiki torches all around and the nice wait staff.  OH!   And don't forget 3-4-1's on Saturday nights!  Definitely not something you want to overlook!  Be there from 11-12 to take advantage of this crazy-good deal! It can get pretty packed, but the crowd isn't intimidating or too obnoxious, so it's always a good time! Shout out to Adam, the nicest grump in the DJ booth =P
Rooftop bar! On a cool Florida Saturday night, it doesn't get much nicer than that. Unfortunately, when you're surrounded by douchebag frat boys and drunken teenage girls, it knocks it down a few pegs. Atmosphere is awesome- tiki torches, lots of bamboo, very beach-going feel to it. DJ was playing some decent top 40 hits, but not a whole lot of dancing going on, most folks were hanging out, socializing, enjoying the view and scenery. Pretty much everyone was behaving themselves, having a good time. Took a LONG time to get drinks. We ordered a few bottled beers, then quickly decided to pound them down and head down to Big Belly's and try that place. Glad we did, as that's much more my style. Had a decent time here, maybe I didn't give it much of a chance. I know what I like, and this place ain't it. However, for most younger kids, this place would probably be a great time for you and your friends. Fun times, decent priced drinks, and a great atmosphere.
This place is a tad bit confusing but when the boyfriend wanted to show me and some friends the must see places downtown I went along with it. It's the top bar (of 3) and it's complete with tiki torches and outstanding views of the city. The music here is pretty amazing two and there are two bars up here so don't get caught waiting in a long line. They had a lot of confusing specials that night that changed by the hour but we drank well and we drank cheap. The crowd was great and we even were able to access the platform above the bar which is even more beautiful and has about three tables up top. The bathrooms are not wonderful but get over it and enjoy the view.
I love Latitudes! I loved it a lot more before they did a little remodeling a few years ago. My favorite thing in the world used to be to look over the edge and watch all the craziness ensuing down below on Church Street. Now you can't really get to the edge, it's blocked by tiki torches and netting. I guess that's all about safety. But I digress. For being a rooftop bar there are actually a few levels. The overall atmosphere is pretty legit, especially when it's a beautiful Florida night. For how crowded it can get, it's never really hard to get a drink at the bar. We never really stay long, it's just a cool place to hanging and either relax after a crazy night, or to relax before heading out before a night of fun. For some reason the crowd has become a little bit more pompous over the years, but the crowd can't ruin this place for me. I definitely recommend checking this place out if your in the area, but don't expect any mind blowing specials or happy hours.
Love it here on a quiet night (Thursdays are great!) Gia (the bartender at chillers downstairs), always takes care of us! Love the drinks at Chillers downstairs - the bar at Latitudes itself is your run of the mill bar - nothing special. Thankfully you can float between the bars with no issues.
Rooftop, tikibar, loud top-40 music. I usually tend to have a good time here although you occasionally get the "i can chug a beer faster that you "college crowds. It's mostly young professionals, laid-back, 20's crowd, which I like. It's a great place to chill and have some drinks on a spring/fall (if such thing exists in florida) nights with a group of friends. It's also one of those 3-in-1 clubs, so you can go to the other floors (chillers, bigbelly) for different atmosphere/crowd if you get bored.
I have only came here one night, but the night I went the service was very good. They even had 3 for 1 drinks one hour. That is when everyone came pouring in. Not really my crowd(younger college crowd), but I do give this place credit. They took care of me at the bar, as if I had been a regular. The crowd was friendly, good music, and nice decor. If this place was a little closer to where I live, I would probably go more often.
This is a beautiful rooftop bar surrounded by tiki torches and palm trees.  It has a very nice and relaxed atmosphere.  I wish the music selections were better, as it is the typical club music found throughout downtown, but it is still a very nice place to hang out at night.
I love Latitudes. There's nothing negative about it. The bartenders are all super friendly and will cater to you immediately; no need to wait more than 3 minutes for a ridiculously cheap drink. They have awesome happy hour prices (3 for 1) and after 8:00 P.M. the special changes to 2 for 1. The bathrooms are never busy so you can literally wait until your bladder is about to explode to run to the restroom. Overall, Latitudes is a chill, casual, good time.
My favorite spot to go on a Wednesday night. Granted the drink specials are downstairs at chillers no one stops you from bringing your $1 beers to the roof to enjoy the night sky and chillaxed atmosphere. Tiki torches everywhere, wooden seating, and 2 big bars make this place feel like your in a tropical paradise somewhere, and then you look up and see the towering Orlando skyline and remember that your downtown having some drinks with some friends and enjoying every second of it.
Hermanators? Thinking so! I try to not come here a lot, mainly because paying $10 cover is just insane to me for a night out, especially for a dive bar and even more so when I can just pay that much more in drinks. But when they lower it to only $5 and someone else pays, then hey, I'm down! I'm thinking this is going to be a new Friday hotspot before the usual RokRoom & EyeSpy ventures, and all to see the bartender Herman. He has his signature shot, which is dubbed the glorious "Hermanator," and it of course is a shot of liquid gold aka Patron, chased with a shot of Malibu & Pineapple. Now don't get me wrong you will want to die shortly after, but Ooooh my friend it will be a triumphant death. Goes down smooth, especially after knocking back a few of their (albeit limey) Kamikaze Shots and following up with a few more drinks, it was a wonderful start of the night. Best part is that it's on top of Big Belly & Chillers, which means you are open to the outdoors on top of the building and it's perfect on a cool night just leading into the fall season in muggy Florida! It's definitely a nice retreat away from the overly crowded and over-rated lower joints. Good music, decent crowd, and even better drinks. $10 cover? Hell no pass it up but $5..I say hit that shit!
latitudes should be called attitudes cause that is all I received during my visit attitude. The fire and rooftop idea is very cool though.
I was totally impressed with this rooftop bar. Loved the decor, very unique and inviting. Drinks are affordable, DJ was right on point and the crowd was great. We happened to run into a zombie pubcrawl which made the night even more interesting. The staff is nice and attentive. An awesome stop if you happen to be in the downtown area.
Latitudes is alright.  The drink specials are solid but the crowd is meh.  We always swing through here when we are with a big group downtown but it's not the place we choose to go to if it's just the two of us.  It can be very fun, but it's kind of touristy.  If you are in downtown Orlando, you should probably check out all the bars on Church St because they can be fun, but usually not so much after your third and fourth time.  I can't say that I am a fan of Latitudes but I do recommend checking it out if you haven't been down there.  Try to go sometime between Thanksgiving and March because it gets hot up there during the summer.
This became my first favorite bar in Orlando, and still is!  Being a girl, I don't always have to pay covers, but if so then it's about 5-6$ I think.  Three flights of stairs to the top, which is a great work out in heels!  There are bars along the way, but Lats is on the roof, and I love me some rooftop bars! Tiki torches, a DJ, two bars with pretty decent deals, and a great view!! Some dancing but better for relaxing at a table or on a stool, options for all!
As has been stated by other reviewers, this is a college bar filled with young people socializing and getting slammed on three for one drinks. Happy hour seems to last all night and most people are intoxicated. conversations are carried on loudly and you tend to get bumped into a bit, sometimes there is bonus drink spillage on you.  The sound system is blaring classic party hits like brick house, etc. you have to quickly get in the pary spirit if your here. sort of reminds me of a frat party from my college days. I can usually only last for one otr two rounds before i have to move on to somewhere more laid back.
Ah Latitudes...Tiki themed, multi-tiered outdoor patios, and 3 bars...what more could you ask for in an outdoor themed bar? You'll find this place filled to the brim with locals and tourists alike during the busy nights! When the weather's great this place is THE place to be for a relaxed or crazy night. This is typically my go-to place if no other bars in the DT area peaks any interest. You will definitely want to check this place out at least once and decide for yourself if this is the place for you! If you're looking for a less crowded area but still have a roof-top vibe check out Sky60! Personally the music played at Sky is more of what I enjoy (electronic/techno/dance). Nonetheless this is a must visit place for any downtown goer!!
I did not try the food here but the atmosphere is neat. They had a orange to drop for New Years instead of the time square ball, which was funny. Plenty of torches and an eclectic blend of people. I like that this place is on the roof too. This is a good place to go chill with some friends and talk. I enjoyed it. Thanks for reading and enjoy.
A fun, sometimes chill, sometimes crazy, rooftop bar with solid tunes blaring on the speaker systems and a generic college crowd.  My favorite bar in downtown.  :)
Cool place to imbibe on a summer evening and enjoy the flaming tiki torches and the beautiful Orlando skyline.  If it is cool outside, the torches even throw some heat.  The drinks are reasonable and delicious, the wood floor and trim add organic charm, and the open air setting is delightful.  You can dance and get silly, or you can relax and enjoy drinks and watch other people dance and be silly.  We opted for the latter and had a great time.
I absolutely love this bar on a slow night. Awesome views!
Latitudes is a roof top bar downtown Orlando.  On Friday nights they have 2 for 1s till 11PM (I think).  It's a really cool spot to hang with a group of friends.
Nice outdoor bar with good music and decent crowd.  I always enjoy rooftop bars.  I prefer Latitudes over most of the other club/bars on Church St.
Tiki torches on a rooftop bar... Experience at this rooftop bar was tainted by the Jimmy Buffett concert that had just finished. The influx of middle aged fans wearing hawaiian shirts and sloshing their drinks around me as well as the long wait time to get to the bar for drinks was a major downgrade.  Positives were the open air and roof top atmosphere with flaming tiki torches on a cool night. Interesting tri-level club concept and would love to retry the place on a slower night.
Latitudes was one of the classier clubs I've been to downtown.  I love the rooftop setting with all the tiki torches, it really lends to a great atmosphere.  It's packed, like the rest, but not as much.  The music is better than in Mako's and isn't nearly as loud so you can actually socialize with people.  I've only been there once with a friend visiting but I'd like to try it again one day when I'm feeling the masochistic urge to go downtown with the masses of people.
Latitudes lies on top of two other bars, Chillers and Big Belly's, which provides for a great view and atmosphere.  The setting is a beachy feel, and its great to go to Latitudes on a nice warm clear night.  I usually only go during Wednesday's happy hour, in which I can go downstairs and grab a dollar drink.  The drinks at Latitudes can be a little pricey, but they are usually well made.  Since it is located on a roof, there is only an outdoor area.  It can get pretty crowded at night which can be fun, and is mainly a college crowd.
lounging open rooftop bar.. with nice view of the skyscrapers.. the good thing about it is that you can't smell the ciggs/cigars unlike at all the other places.. (if you're a nonsmoker like me.. and wanna save yourself from secondhand cancer).. and if you're buzzed....find an elevator to get up..  (i came up from chillers.. half buzzed with 4 inch heels.. up 3 levels of stairs.. ..and yes i was holding on the rail as if my life depended on it.... it was a really slow process getting up there) the bartenders seem pretty nice and friendly, and so does the people who lounge around there.. seems more like a place to go chill and have a drink and converse  w/ friends instead of trying to pick up random strangers..
I don't know why, but every time I party in downtown O-Town, my night either begins or ends at Latitudes. A HUGE rooftop tiki bar right smack in the middle of downtown, it is an oasis of relaxation for me as I partake in my favorite poison and take in the sights of the city at night. This joint is on the third floor, on top of two other bars - you'll need to enter Chillers on the first floor and make your way upstairs. My only gripe is that the drinks tend to be a little on the pricey side compared to the other neighborhood bars, but I guess you're there more for the ambiance and location more than anything.  I like to buy a nice frozen drink down at Chillers and bring it up to enjoy on the rooftop of Latitudes. A really great place to hang out with friends (or to make new friends), it tends to get packed with UCF students during the fall and spring....and not that that's a bad thing.
Probably the best spot out of Big Belly and Chillers. The torches can make you sweat badly and they don't really do that much when you're freezing in the winter. Fantastic views though and a good spot to wind down your night. Don't expect many drink specials though.
Rooftop bar was great.  Just after a magic game, a group of seven of us went and had a great time.  It was a nice night to go out on Friday and was just cool enough!
Latitudes is a cool rooftop bar.  Came out here a few weeks ago when I was in town for work and was a pretty chill spot.  A younger college crowd frequents the spot of Friday and the drinks here are cheap!  The problem with the drinks is that they are small. If you are going to order a hard drink, ask for a double so you do not have to go back five minutes later.  Lots of levels to explore and down below is Chillers and other bars.
Awesome music, great crowd and a very, but very long happy hour!  Good to go with a group of friends.  Watch out for the stairs, if you drink too much!!
One of my favorite bars in O-town....awesome roof top bar , nice crowd, a must see !
Gotta love the tiki torches
Great outdoor theme and atmosphere!
This will be a short one... I liked the place. Its a lounge, that has an upstairs to it which is on the roof top, lit up with tiki torches which gives it a cool n collective environment yet partying scene. Its a pretty mature crowd which always makes it a good night. However, the times I've been there, I always go all the way to the top, and as the night progresses theres always spilled drinks on the floor. But hey, what do u expect....
Sat nights 1030-1130. 3-4-1 drinks. Then 2-4-1 miller light after that. Great mix of music from top 40 to 80's with a DJ. Mixed crowd and ages.
Dancefloor downstairs, lounge on the second level and beer garden on the roof = Latitudes. The place has a great atmosphere and the music is upbeat. No dancing, and the bartending can be sluggish, but still a nice place to hang out and have drinks.
Latitudes is the third level rooftop bar on top of the 4 story complex that is Church Street's main hub. Below it you will find Big Belly Brewery and Chillers balcony with the first floor being Chillers. Latitudes is mostly popular because of the rooftop aspect. People in Florida want to feel like they are in Florida and what better way to do it than to hang out on a roof top in November staring at the city while surrounded in palm trees. Its got a tropical vibe and tiki feel being an all wood deck. They have 2 bars making it typically easy to grab a drink and even an observation deck another story up with a few tables for checking out the scene below. Latitudes isn't a big dance spot, you'll want to go downstairs to Chillers for that, but don't be afraid to make your own dance floor here while listening to favorite sing along alternative tunes. This is a relaxed atmosphere, anything goes wardrobe wise, and is a great place to climb up and get some air after being on a lower floor or just head here first and kick back Florida style.
