A narrow and seemingly small but great ambianced bar. The bartenders were great and accommodating. Couldn't decide on a drink so Lindsey concocted a pineapple flavored drink for me. She also held our tab while we went next door to grab some food.
I love Vixen so much.  One of my favorite bars in Downtown Orlando.  It is a small narrow space, dark, and intimate.  There is exposed brick and awesome artwork on the walls.  I love everything about it.  The bartenders are great and the DJ is awesome.  I have spent many nights on their dance floor acting a fool and having the best time ever!!
I just hate the set up of this place.  If they moved the DJ booth and bar slightly it could be so much better.
You may remember the old Pour in downtown Orlando. A skinny little bar that attracted those into funky lounge beats and a chill atmosphere. Well, The Pour closed up shop earlier this year and a new bar has inhabited the space. Vixen, the self proclaimed sister bar to next door Vintage, is now livening things up on Orange Avenue. The location is super skinny, barely wide enough to actually hang in front of the long bar that runs along the left wall and still let people pass. But its a cool little bar and pretty much attracts the same crew as Vintage. In fact a trip to Vixen for a drink or two, to unwind and get the night started, before a longer lounge in the popular Vintage is on the agenda of many Orlando hipsters these days. It is decorated much like Vintage, in a seductive way with a darker atmosphere and red colors. Its a fun place to go when you want to relax in an upscale boutique type place and still hear yourself think. The music is low but fills your head with soothing beats. Plus, they have great specials on Wednesdays and you can even become a VIP member getting the special treatment at both spots. The double V's are a popular attraction in downtown Orlando.
very cool bar playing great house / electronic music, a/c works great, bartenders are one of a kind, as good as they get, especially liz and jessica!  love this place!
Narrow but long, this place usually gets packed on the weekends.  During the week it's usually pretty calm. The bathroom is always clean considering how busy it gets. Depending on what music/night, Vixen can sometimes attract douchbags, so check first. Liz is sweet AND hot and makes a mean drink.  Try her sweet tea.  Sooo good and they'll sneak up on you. Oh, and there's hot naked chick art on the walls.
The website describes Vixen as "a nocturnal refuge, a retreat for modern living, inspired by the need for a classy but no-nonsense venue" - this is basically on par.  If you can paint in your head the scene here...dark setting with night mood lighting, a long hall of a bar with a DJ spinning beats that put you in a chill/funky mood and all the bartenders ready to please you!   This is definitely a DOPE location. I usually like this as a mid point for the evening to wait if you have to meet up with someone, to stop to re-group before you move onto the final destination of the evening etc.   It has a tendency to get a bit crowded and one of the downfalls is the lack of bathrooms so you will have to wait in line if you have to empty here! ha.   I dig this place for sure and think it is one of the better kept secrets of downtown.
AAAA++++++++++++ would drink here again. I'm quite a fan of this bar for a couple of reasons. They are: 1. I've yet to have a problem getting good bar real estate. 2. Drinks are moderately priced and the early drink prices are actually really good. 3. Location is excellent - I can start my evening here and wind up pretty much anywhere. 4. The crowd is cool. This place is narrow and I've always been able to scoot along, making friends along the way. 5. I've always heard pretty good beats and/or breaks here, which is what I need in life (you do too).
Small space, interesting art of "vixenesque" woman. I enjoy making a pit stop here when i'm dt bar hopping. The only issue i had was i had a coupon for $50 i had bought, and AFTER all the multiple shots i bought for 5 of us, the bar tender told me, oh, THOSE shots aren't included in our specials today, Bill went up an extra $40 in ten seconds. BOOOOO! YOU SUCK! I usually would make a fuss bc NO WHERE in the fine print or anywhere was this stated, but i was already having too good of a time to care. They play house music that is hit or miss.
Good drinks + good atmosphere = good time Very nice place to get your night started and get a couple of drinks in ya before you carouse downtown Orlando.  I'd say hit this place early in the night because it is pretty small and definitely gets packed.  The bar is fairly narrow and there's not really a lot of places to stand and socialize without crowding the walkway and getting jostled by people walking by.   Bartenders were pretty friendly and quick to serve.  Drinks were cheap (my Yuengling was only 2 bucks) and good.
One of my favorite places downtown. I spent a bit of a longer time in Orlando this time around and I was out for the better part of the week. Vixen was always a mandatory stop. I love the Friday night DJ... plays great music that's head bob-able and dance-able. Great atmosphere as always and great drinks.
Was treated very rudely by staff and walked out the door.  There was barely a crowd inside, so we didn't mind.   We just went to many of the other bars in Orlando that have a more friendly atmosphere
Went for the first time last Friday and i must say ....i like!.....small, good music, okay crowd...I am a house head and enjoyed the spinning of house the entire night, good transitions, good drinks, good service and over all had a good time. Definitely will become a regular here.
Vixen by far is one of my favorites to go in Downtown Orlando with my buddies have some drink with our friendly bartenders, be trendy be chic, be fashionable, and listen to some great music. It has that lounge/bar feeling with very nice people to mingle with !! Love all the bartenders here super fun !!
This place is a small little club in downtown Orlando. While it is a tad seedy and the place does have an air of dirty-ness, it does kind of add to the charm. The music was good and the staff very friendly and helpful. I liked it. Thanks for reading and enjoy.
This is a really nice club. they play some of the best music in town here. The staff is great, very service oriented. The space is small and narrow and get get crowded, but everyone is having a good time so its ok.
