Nice atmosphere and crowd with a pretty view of Orlando. Ladies get $5 Grey Goose drinks and $4 Fireball & Patron shots on Saturday nights.
Nothing special about the drinks, you go to 180 for the ambiance. Trendy, upbeat, sleek, stylish, modern and with a fabulous view of downtown Orlando. The music is good, with different genres highlighted throughout the week. Stop in before a Magic game with your game ticket, or set 180 as your nightlife destination after 10pm.
I've been here a few times and the atmosphere is great. It's not your typical Orlando night out which is why it's cool. Definitely a grown and sexy vibe. I prefer to go on Thursday nights and when I do, the crowd is great and it's always a good time.
Based on all of the other reviews I must have been here on an off night.  The décor is chic, music was good but there wasn't any space to dance. I went to the bar (mind you it was not that busy) and it took a good 2 minutes to order a drink at the bar because the bartenders were too busy chatting up the other patrons that already had drink. I asked for a glass of Moet & Chandon which took another 2 minutes to get from the back since none were available at the front of the bar. I understand this happens but if it didn't take so long to place my initial order I might have overlooked this detail.   The night's saving grace was the VIP/ bottle service waitresses. They were polite and quick. My experience, if you are not getting bottle service be prepared to wait.
This was my first time going to the One80.  I had a pretty good time, even though it wasn't busy.  It was a Saturday night, so I was surprised it was so slow.  The atmosphere was beautiful! Lots of seating to lounge and enjoy the view of the city, from this rooftop club.  The music was house/techno but not crazy loud, so you could enjoy a conversation.  I actually think it would be good for a date night if you and your significant other want to dress up and enjoy an evening out star gazing and sipping a drink.
Worst service ever. I work in the hospitality industry and I have never been treated so terribly.  I will never go back there again in my life.
I had my first taste of the One80 Grey Goose Lounge last night after the Heat game. It is located on the rooftop of the amazing Amway Center. What I love: - This place is on top of the Amway Center - It gorgeous - The view of DT Orlando is just phenomenal - The view of the sky is gorgeous - The Grey Goose cocktail (I had the Honey Specialty one) was delicious - Cheese plate was yummy What I am confused about: - The hours it will be open and if you can attend even if you don't attend an event at the Center before/after - The DJ that was playing last night (the music was dance/techno but it was horrendous, hopefully they will have a better choice of that genre next time) - Service needs a little help - Ordering food needs a little more clarification Overall really dope space. The heat lamps have this killer design to go with the trendy motif throughout the place. The white couches with light up menus and granite fixtures all add to the decadence of the surroundings. You could tell everyone was just feeling it out as no one was really partying but it was packed as soon as the game let out. I can't wait to go back and see how this progresses, nice job Orlando!
I was in town visiting a friend and he took me to One80.  Can I tell you I was blown away especially being from LA and our nightlife is hard to compete with.   This place was amazing.  I love the views of downtown.  It was pretty hot and humid but great spot to people watch and have a good time.  They also play pretty good music! It's definitely a must see when visiting Orlando!!
Overrated and super expensive. Not enough places to sit. Cool location though, and the elevator guys are sweet.
I'm a fan of 180 on Thursday nights. It's a grown an sexy vibe and the music is RnB with a splash of hip hop. They entertain a nice crowd, nothing rowdy and the atmosphere is rooftop which is dope. Admission is reasonable and you they offer a special to get on the guest list to get comp entry.  Check it out!
Beautiful night club and lounge!  Went here last night for the first time and I was very impressed.  The place is on the sixth floor of the Amway Center and overlooks downtown Orlando and I-4.   Everything was beautiful at One80: the people, the atmosphere, and the view. Also, there's no cover to get in and everyone is dressed "fahncy".
Beautiful view of downtown Orlando and great music!! Another reason why I love Orlando. You know how to party with class. For FREE entry, you get a great view of the city, outdoor section with fresh air, and a smartly-dressed crowd of people in their mid-20's and early 30's. The music is danceable mix of techno, trance, and house remixes of top 40. I heard deadmau5, Edward Maya, and what sounded like a Jump Smokers (Chicago DJ's) remix of a Mariah Carey song. The bartenders are pretty cool, but I was about to embark on the journey back so I didn't drink anything but water. boo... I will be back, though. One80 Grey Goose Lounge is located in the Amway Center. Convenient for partying after watching the Lady Gaga concert.
Fellow Yelpers, This is a chic bar (dress well).  The idea is unique for Orlando, they really have a certain niche that is not found in other bars in my opinion. This Bar has a nice outdoor area which bolsters a beautiful view of downtown Orlando.  The interior, although small, is decorated extremely well and very reminiscent of a South Beach club with the "all white" theme.  The outdoor area is set up very well and I dug the lit up menus sitting at all the tables. There is no cover charge, the people that work there are very nice and it's kind of cool to have an elevator attendant to take you to the top of the Arena and back down.   My main gripe with this bar is the fact that of course due to its name only one type of Vodka is offered and for Grey Goose, it is way overpriced (~11 dollars!).  I guess the lack of cover charge is partly the culprit (and location) for such high drink prices.  The people who go to one80 at times seem to act as if they are the cream of the crop of Orlando's elite, that in itself can be an annoyance. It is also a bit far from all the hotspots of downtown.  In order to get to Church st. you have to walk across the I-4 underpass (I think I just created a new word) or longer if you want to get somewhere else.   Overall, it's a good spot to chill and drink and start a night off.  Leave early enough so you have time to get to other clubs or bars where you want to end the night at (IMO). Ciao
I was a little confused about how you get in without tickets to a game/show at Amway. Turns out there is a door off to the side that they card you at. Then you head up the elevator to the club. It's really pretty in there. The patio was by far my favorite. Gorgeous view of the city. Fun neon light structure. It was amazing. It was a friend's birthday and so we decided on VIP. We got probably the best section. It was a corner of the outside patio which was roped off for us. It was amazing. We didn't have to mingle with the "peasants."  (We did a few laps though). I'm fairly vocal about my dislike for bathroom attendants. They have them here. She was mostly on the phone the whole time, but it is just awkward. I can handle bathroom things all by myself. It was a fun night. I bit of a long walk for end of the night pizza on Orange, but we managed.
The d-bag working the door wouldn't let me in because I was wearing sneakers, meanwhile he was wearing sneakers.  If you are going to enforce such a dresscode, fine, but make sure the people who are doing so follow it themselves. No need to be so pretentious. As much as you might like to think it, you aren't South Beach.
Wow, 180 degrees of downtown Orlando!  This bar / lounge / club was pretty damn cool while being 95 degrees and 100% humid!!!  The people were fun and the waitresses were nice.  Bottles were relatively cheap and it was a quick and easy hit and run. Music was awesome, the DJ was killin it all night.
Perfect way to end or start the night.  After the Magic game we made our way up to the club, got a table, got a bottle of what else - grey goose - and started the dancing.  The DJ was fantastic.  The view is amazing.  The service is great.   I want one in my city....
Awesome, awesome view of downtown Orlando! One80 Grey Goose Lounge is on the rooftop of the Amway Center and overlooks I-4 and the rest of downtown. The terrace is a nice place to hang out, have a drink or two, and enjoy the view. There isn't much dancing here if that's what you're looking for. One80 is definitely classier than most spots downtown so I'd be sure to stick with their "stylish dress" recommendation.
I really want to give this place five stars,  and an "enough said" ... the only minor detail that keeps me from doing it is that I'm a cheap skate. :) If only the drink prices were a touch lower. However, once again this proved to be the most lively venue with the friendly, young professional crowd. By far the best music and best view. Yada, yada, yada.
This place has a killer view of Orlando downtown. We were here for a few days and wanted to see some Orlando nightlife. Not sure how accomplished we felt after visiting here and it was pretty empty. We entered through the side doors and went right up to the top floor. A friend had recommended this place because of the view so we weren't sure what to expect. Overall, it has a cool, modern feel to it with balconies overlooking the arena and some other buildings of Orlando. The drink was good and we left soon after. I think this was the fanciest of stops on our pubcrawl to come soon after, but it is a nice date spot or refreshing change to the typical dive bar. Come here with your girlfriends for a nice evening together or with someone you are trying to impress.
Visiting from NYC and was quite surprised.  Orlando has upgraded! It's one of the nicer spaces in Orlando to get a drink.  You're on a terrace with a view of downtown and most people were dressed stylish but kind of hip.  Crowd seemed to be in their late 20s to early 30s.  I thought the drinks were reasonably priced but I live in NYC so I'm probably not the best judge on what's "reasonable."   The music was top 40 and people were friendly.  I wonder what it's like during basketball season?
Went there for the first time on a Friday night. I have been there other nights. It will be my last, the girls at the door are arrogant, rude as so is the girl upstairs taking pictures. I was with my husband and we were charged $25 to go in, any other night there is no charge at the door. Charge for what? If you're going to work in the service industry, you deal with people. Manners and being a little bit friendly goes a long way.
1st visit to One80 and I was hooked! The layout is chic and will cater to those who are dressed to impress. Definitely more dressy than casual. There isn't any cover so that's a major plus! Beautiful view of downtown Orlando and awesome techno/trance/house music to groove the night away! This place has so much potential to grow. There are two bars here with one of them servicing the patrons out in the outdor area. Which promotes patrons to the beautiful views. Decorations are very South Beachesque. Bartenders are very laid back and like to chat with visitors. The downsides to this otherwise awesome place is location. Location, location, location! Yea it's nice that it's on top of the Amway Center but now you are so isolated from the rest of the downtown scene it'll be rather difficult to have a drink here then hit up a club or another bar anywhere else! Being that you're only two options is to take a cab or walk under I-4 it'll turn away alot of patrons for sure! Drinks are a bit pricey but I suppose that's to happen with no cover charge involved. Will I visit this place again? Yes...I'd suggest you either start your night here or end it! For those who are interested in this type of atmosphere but closer to downtown might I suggest Sky60 on Orange Ave!
We decided to go here  (on a Friday night) based on the yelp reviews after plans to attend an event didn't work out.  This is a very nice lounge located at the top of the Amway Center with an interesting view of the Orlando cityscape.  I enjoyed a couple of sangrias while listening to the dj play some good dance music.  It appears that all of the VIP seating is inside while everyone else gets the outside with a veiw of the city and night sky. (Why go VIP and miss the view??). Considering the size of the space, there is a good amount of seating outside but you probably have to either get there early or have good timing. There are two bars - one inside and one outside.  We didn't have any issues finding the entrance (located in the valet parking lot) or parking first because we circled the building once to find the entrance/parking. The drink prices were typical (about $7 for a sangria) and there wasn't a cover charge.  Everyone working that night was very friendly. I would definitely come back.
Is this where Dwight Howard came after a bad loss? My three star experience also gave me that feeling. The buildup is monumental. I heard about the rooftop view, being on top of a basketball arena, and parking not being a hassle. Although it was all true... Not in the way i'm used to. Parking wasn't too bad. When you can finally find someone backing out of their car. It seems people in Orlando like to sit in their cars and not leave. Weird. The whole awesome thing about being on top of a basketball area lasted about a minute. Once you pass the cool velvet rope, exclusive elevator ride up, you realize by the SMALL terrace... it's not really functional. Also... being on top of a basketball arena still means you're paying basketball arena prices. Though my ghetto concoction ginger ale, lime, and vodka was relatively cheap I admit. Finally, the view. Turns out Downtown Orlando delivers small in that deparment. Unless you're from the midwest (not including Chicago) well then you'll love it.
I had a great time here. No cover. No line. Drinks were $8.50 I think - coming from NYC where they're $13-$15. GORGEOUS bartender girls who were also friendly. Lots of pretty Florida girls. Terrace. View of downtown. Plenty of space to move around. Only drawback was the music sucked, but that's still enough to take a star off
Love, love, love the view, the people, the music and the decor! This place reminds me of a Miami club I will definitely go back when I am in the area.
Are you sexy and you know it? Welcome.
I'm from Miami and I've experienced real club experiences vs. what Orlando has to offer but this is the only club that seems reasonably close to Miami. The view is sexy, the drinks are class, but the people are douchy because well as I said.....this club isn't in Miami.
I'm from south Florida, so I have definitely seen better. The view is good and my dirty martini was made very well by two different bartenders. I was not impressed with the fact that as soon as we stepped off of the elevator, there was a lady in our faces with a gift bag about plastic surgery. Seriously?! For a place that is widely considered "high end", that was insanely tacky. Furthermore, it was very difficult to locate the entrance. When we eventually found the entrance, there was some guy standing there with a list. He attempted to make us wait L.A. style. I saw no reason that was necessary. Not a fan of pretentiousness. On a brighter note Grey Goose for ladies is 5$ all night on Fridays. Unless you have a martini like me LOL! We'll return at some point. The hot bartenders make up for their shortcomings. Also, the DJ was great.
This is definitely a place to dress your best. I was a little under dressed and felt entirely uncomfortable, but other than that the atmosphere is great. Its located on top of the the Amway Center with a nice out door area. There isn't a cover charge, but expect to pay some money for the drinks. So drink up somewhere else before or after here.
I really enjoy the ambiance at this bar and Monday night's are great for hospitality night. $5 Grey Goose cocktails and about $4 for a beer, its not bad at all. The entrance is downstairs by the side where the valet parking is, then you get escorted to the lounge by a gentleman in the elevator. This place is super trendy, I like the rooftop bar concepts so naturally I loved this place with the view of Downtown Orlando (closest to a real city you can get in this part of FL...). Anyways, I don't give this place 5 stars because the bartenders are super snobby and rude. Not to me, but I've witnessed some ugly action up there.
Finally a nice upscale place where your not surrounded by moochers!  Higher than normal drink prices keep the riffraff away which is great and well worth paying a bit more in my opinion!  Incredible view of the city, staff is always quick and friendly and door staff is always cool.  Came here for NYE 2012 and had a blast.  One of my favorite spots in Orlando!
The Orlando Night Club scene just got shaken up a bit!  Great music, beautiful people, and South Beach Ambiance. No Cover to get in and there is a bar indoors and outdoors.  DJ spinning the best in house and trance (as can be expected with the upscale scene).    The rooftop scene was previously confined to only Latitudes on church street, but this new kid in town is taking all the kid's lunch money. Dress like you've got swag, drink like its payday and dance like the weekend won't end!  My suggestion: swing through and see what all the commotion is about!
Incredible views, people dressed to impress and big city prices. Great place to go for an after-show drink while the garages empty.
Alright... So we decided to check this place out with some friends that were celebrating their B-Days. Here are some of the pro's:The location is beautiful, it has a great view to downtown. Decoration is kind of cool, it has that lounge feel to it. Also, there is no cover. The downside: Drinks are expensive, they charged me difference prices for the same drink... I was wondering if it due to time change, but oh well, I didn't make a big deal I just thought it was lack of experience or wanting to take advantage. My husband couldn't stand the music. If you are into techno/dance then I guess you will love it. Finally the majority of the crowd was stuck up. They didn't seem to be having a good time, it was kind of fake. That by itself made us leave. Anyways, definitely great place for the view and have a good time with friends, I wouldn't spend all my night in it though.
I really enjoyed this lounge. The music was decent and the atmosphere fantastic. The service was good and the clientele interesting and friendly as well. I would definitely go back. During the winter they have these fire torches everywhere which makes the ambiance even more spectacular. Enjoy.
The views are fabulous. The decor and bar are posh and stands out. Bartender girls while pretty not very attentive even with a small crowd. The drinks were spot on.  I would recommend this place to others.
Sky Bar is now open in the Amway Center. When the seats are empty for a game or concert it is probably because everyone is here! First, the only way to access the bar is to cram into an elevator. There is an inside bar and an outside bar. The entire room, although somewhat small, is very modern. They have some modern, yet comfortable seating outside. And of course the view can't be beat. You get a great vantage point over I-4 to the beautiful city skyline beyond. Although we didn't stay long it was really cool to check the place out.
Free to get in if you can get in. Get there before a certain time to avoid lines. Be sure to dress to impress the door men or else you're partying elsewhere. Look for special drink nights for this lounge because it's quite pricey compared to your average bar on church street. But the ambiance is definitely classy. Music can be a bit too loud even for an outdoor/indoor lounge bar.
Nice rooftop bar. Good place to drink vodka.
Love this place!  Great view, cool people, great drinks.   But a bit too loud.
This place is classy and sophisticated. Don't plan on getting in here with just any t-shirt or shorts. Collared shirts are recommended however you can attend if you have a nice shirt on w/o a collar. Think classy not casual. Dress to impress is the key. Drinks are priced accordingly, so don't expect dollar drinks or anything cheap here. "Wells" are considered Grey Goose, Jack Daniels, etc.. name brand. Great music, lovely people, and South Beach type of environment. No Cover to get in and there is a bar indoors and outdoors situated on the top corner of the Amway Arena, it provides a beautiful view of Downtown Orlando. The DJ plays house/trance/dubstep/electronic, which is expected for a place with a "South Beach" style. Drinks can be expensive if you keep going, but let me say that it is worth the price. They pour a stiff drink, you are definitely getting what you pay for. Definitely a great place to check out, and I'd imagine it'd be even better when the weather is cooler at night!
The only descent place to go out in Orlando. Enough said.
