After so many years people get carried away with brands like TurboTap, Beventel, Smirinoff Spirits, and Bar S... Its nice to have an establishment that just gets down to the basics. Cleanliness, Cold beers, athletics, good service and juicy wings. The Nicolais Tavern hits all 5 perfectly. The place has a phenomenal location with breathtaking views that no other establishment can offer in the town of Syracuse. The owners are loyal sports fans to the true sports teams of New York. (Rangers, Crunch, Yankees, and Westhill Tennis). They even are courteous enough to play the hit reality TV series "Bar Rescue" to show what they really value in their business. The bartenders are super friendly and have a tale or two to tell about their adventures chasing the Don Martin Band, and worshiping the Calder Cup. The place has never seen a dull night. Show up Tuesdays for uplifting performance from the Gravedigger cover band. You wont regret it. As long as the the TVs are vibrant, Wings are juicy, Rangers chants are loud and the beers are cold, You will find me at the Tavern.
This place is the real deal. Situated in a less traveled part of town, the Nicolais Tavern offers a warm, pleasing environment in which to enjoy a nice, ice cold lager while catching your favorite sports team (Rangers, Yankees, Chiefs, Crunch).  The bartenders are some really friendly guys and gals, and won't hesitate to recommend a cocktail for you indecisive drinkers out there.  The cocktails are made perfectly and the beers are poured exceptionally. I am a huge fan of their no Bruins fan policy and also the maitre d', Steve.  Stop by the Nicolais Tavern-you won't leave thirsty and without a full wallet!
I love the Nicolais Tavern. This place is totally Jon Taffer Approved! Clean, good lighting, great bartenders and seating areas, and always a great selection of craft beer. This is predominately a hockey bar, so its a great place to catch a Rangers game. The flat screens are all HD, and the Billards and fooseball tables are fun. Not to mention, a lot of times, the beers are on the house! Stop by for a drink!
