I've been to Hooch a number of times, usually for their amazing apple pie moonshine. Hooch has already made a name for itself in the overcrowded Orlando night life scene. For those of you looking for places to visit where the locals are, this is the spot! What really amazed me and inspired me to leave a review.... THE FOOD. I was completely unaware of the fact that Hooch served food, so imagine my delight! I watched delicious looking plates pass by so I finally ordered a dish. I got the crab cakes, which were $10. AND THEY WERE THE BEST CRAB CAKES EVER. The crab cakes were on top of a buttery toast topped with avocado, fresh greens and some kind of creamy sauce. I couldn't get over how buttery and flaky and amazing it was. There were other amazing options and I can't wait to come back and try the rest. This place is definitely more of a casual hang out spot, I love the laid back atmosphere, but the food here just really impressed me.
This is the type of food you should only be eating if you are a) drunk, b) in college or c) both. I, however, am/was not, any of these things on my visit to Hooch. Not sure why my coworker decided to plop down here with all the other options in the area. He was wooed in with the football no doubt, however, this was undeniably one of the most underwhelming dining experiences of my life. Ew. I had the worst burger ever. My coworker had tater-tot nachos. Is this a Florida thing? Gross. Service was slow. And this place had a very, very strange odor to it. Like people throw-up on the floor or something. Bleh! Not the best Orlando has to offer I'm sure!
First stop on my Friday evening happy hour tour. Hooch has a great vibe and I love the laid back reggae music playing while we were there. They have pretty decent selection of beers on tap and an awesome apple pie moonshine. We opted to try the moonshine as we heard rave reviews. It is very tasty, and packs quite a punch. You can get it a a a shot or a drink. The "as a drink" price is $6. I guess that's not to terrible for what you get, but a bit pricey for happy hour. All in all a really cool bar with great service and cool atmosphere.   #Yelp100
The new spot on Wall Street! Let's face it, Wall Street needed some new business. Taking over for The Globe, Hooch is a pretty chill place to go. I went here on an adventurous Sunday Funday and I had a great time. It's mainly a football crowd on Sundays, but they renovated a lot - so it's very open and spacious. We only got drinks because we had already eaten but the food I saw coming out of the kitchen looked really good. Wings, pizza, etc. It was definitely pretty packed so plan on getting there early for a table or be prepared to stand. Servers were nice and we didn't wait long for drinks, regardless of how busy they were. I'm interested to see how this place fairs at night, so I'll definitely be back!
Best moonshine shot ice ever had. It's apple pie but be careful. One is enough. Two is pretty potent.
Standard bar located in Wall Street Plaza. Stopped in for a few drinks on a Friday Happy Hour. Service was friendly, and the drinks were $1 off drafts...not the best HH deal to be found, but I'll take it. Overall a decent bar thats good for a change of scenery, but nothing about it stands out as a must-visit watering hole.
This place is just the best! 130 proof apple moonshine. Great for watching football on Sunday. Ask for George...I don't know that there is someone named George there, but I think it would be funny if copious amounts of people asked for him.
Sick decor with the steampunk styling. Love the concept and the music is usually pretty awesome. We usually hang here for a couple of drinks when we hit Wall St. but the real draw is the shots of Apple Pie moonshine. Honestly, they are delicious. Stop in, take a shot and kick your night off the right way.
Located in the Wall Street Plaza and probably one of my favorites within the Plaza. The bartenders were great, the crowd was fun, and it had plenty going on without being overwhelming or too crowded. The decor is sort of warehouse meets sports bar and there really isn't an area to dance, but you can stumble next door if you want to get your groove on. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in the area.
This place is pretty cool. I was brought here by some friends as a routine Wall St stop. I love the decor in the place. It just looks so industrial and interesting (cool to see the steam punk theme catching on). I haven't had many drinks at this place. I'm not a huge fan of moonshine, but the apple pie was pretty interesting and pretty darn close in flavor to actual apple pie. I just couldn't down the alcohol content in their moonshine. The music here is alright. It's not a place you come to dance, but they music is def better than their neighbors at Slingapour's hahaha.
Thoroughly enjoyed their Apple Pie Moonshine. The server was attentitive even thogh the place was slammed. The beer selection was nothing special but the prices were good. You can order food from Waitiki across the street and they'll bring it to you over here.
Great new place in the old Globe building. I didn't eat any food, but what I saw looked really good. They have a great selection of beer and a full bar. Nice to see a place on Wall Street that has a large selection of beer.
Cool steam punk vibe right off wall street. They have a few craft beers on draft with Jai alai from Cigar City being one of them. I shall return.
Pretty good place to go for a drink, the apple pie shot is my favorite. When it's not crowed the service is excellent, but when it is it's chaos and you just have to get the bartenders attention.
I have been to this bar a few times now.  The first it was very dead for a weekend day, but it was a beautiful day and they have large doors that are almost like garage doors that roll up to open up the bar where they're practically no walls on two sides of it.  It's really great for nice days.  The second time I was there it was a bit more crowded, but there was plenty of seating inside and out.  This last time....I was shocked at the amount of people in this bar.  It was football Sunday around 4:00pm.  You could barely stand in there without getting bumped into.  It was difficult to get drinks and they ran out of glasses and were using plastic cups for the beer.  They had a DJ playing really great music, but it was so loud you could barely hear yourself talk, so it was difficult to talk to people.  I did have a great time though.  I would go back.  Their drink specials aren't that great though and they don't have Miller Lite on tap.
