Haven't lived in Orlando in several years and my buddy said there are lots of new cool bars, so I met him here (one of his favorite places). It is clear they are true mixologists. Friendly staff helped right away and the atmosphere is really earthy, but homey. There whiskey selection is what I would call a playground for the refined whiskey drinker. I had beer as I was already where I wanted to be BAC-wise but they have a great selection of beer too. Hmm BAC ...reminded me of the bacon they cooked up at the bar and serve fresh to you with every beverage. Pretty fire. I would recommend this place for the person that isn't looking to be crowded with teens and think they're adults.
Now that I am older, downtown Orlando doesn't have the same appeal to me as it once did. However, there are a few places I still like to visit. The Woods being one of them. The Woods is located about the Lodge and has a bit more of sophisticated crowd than those below. I have met up with friends here and sat at the bar, and I recently was on a date with someone and we were able to get the booth in the corner by the bar. Look for this booth if you are with someone you want to have a conversation with. It gets pretty loud in here, and the booth was a ways away from the crowd and allowed us to have a conversation. The bartenders have always been knowledgeable and friendly. They are known for their cocktails, but I always end up ordering a craft beer. They don't have a huge selection, but they do have a nice selection of different beers.
Wasn't impressed with the place. We received "water shots" upon sitting down. Looking over the "seasonal" menu, nothing seemed to grab me as I'm neither a whiskey nor bourbon drinker. I settled on a bottle on Terrapin Liquid Bliss, and it wasn't palatable at all, but I tried to make the best of it. I attempted to engage a bartender about some of the drinks on the menu, but she seemed uninterested in answering my questions. We weren't there long at all.
When going out in Orlando I always like to swing by the Woods to try out one of their new interesting cocktails.  Some visits have been better than others but I always recommend trying one of the new menu items.
This bar is sort of hidden (upstairs next to the Lodge), and is decorated like it's name- The Woods. It gets packed later at night and is sometimes hard to wade through the people to get your next drink at the bar. It is also very dark and "moody" inside. The bartenders definitely know their drinks, but are not quick to make conversation with anyone. They have some pretty interesting drinks, and all of their garnishes and mix-ins are fresh. A little pricey though for a drink. Good selection of craft beers and ciders. My favorite is a blackberry flavored cider.
This place is fantastic! I hosted a beer event here and it was absolutely fantastic. The service was phenomenal and put event went without a hitch.  They have fantastic rare or one off beer and whiskey. I would definitely come back, and plan on it in the coming weeks
The Woods. Claims the best old-fashioned in Orlando. I love drinking an old-fashioned. I order it all the time. The Woods serves up a nice one. Would I say it's the best I've had? No. The garnish is over the top and unnecessary. Points off for me. But the flavor is on point. I like that they served up a glass of water with the cocktail without asking. Service. I like that. The environment has a cozy, upscale, yet laid-back feel. Kinda felt like I was drinking in a lodge - not to be mistake for "The Lodge" next door. Ugh. I feel like I need to delete that comment now. So why so harsh? The bartender. He was a douche. He checked up on us asking how the cocktail was. I gave an honest answer. It was good. Not amazing. My apologies if he took offense. However, he left himself open to criticism. My honest criticism. So it came up that I was from Miami and his smart ass came up with "Do they even make an old-fashioned in Miami?" Why, yes they do jerk. And better than yours. Shame I had such a terrible interaction with the bartender. Wish I hadn't already left the tip on the receipt before he made such an ignorant remark.
This is a great spot to grab a drink while waiting for the dance spots to get going (11pm at least). The service has always been great, with talkative and friendly servers and fun music. I will say that the drinks menu changes every month and some are better than others... My friends and I realized that it was better to stick to the classic drinks (in this case, Tom Collins') because I ordered an 'interesting' drink, that our server admitted that she created, which was supposedly coffee flavored. In reality it kind of tasted like a chicken teriyaki dish.... Stick to the classics and enjoy the ambiance, music, and GREAT old-school windows.
I like The Woods. Probably a solid 3.5 stars. Everyone is very chill and knowledgable. the doorman out on the street was cool and joked with us on the way in. The place is very wooded. Decorated like a woods all over. Not a hidden bar, but a great selection of liquor, particularly whisky. Cool area, the windows and open area had a party going on but everyone made room for people excluded to slip by and have a seat at the bar. Their Old Fashioned here IS excellent. The bartender used Lexington and did a great job with the muddling and peels. Only thing that could have made it better (other than a higher age of bourbon) would be the use of larger, glass sized ice cubes. Very well done!
Crappy music, Good drinks :) Very hidden and difficult to find... Just a stairway that doesn't look like it leads to a bar. I like the atmosphere.. Not packed at all, dark, spread out... Nice. Not a dive bar. Not sure if I'll be back again, Probably not, but only because I like to try new things. Have had a good time so far, And the music is like old school. Listening to American Pie right now....
I ended up downtown on a second date and as we walked around, being indecisive, a small black awning showcased "The Woods". Clearly a "why not" followed and up the stairs we went! Once at the top of the stairs we were greeted by a bartender and luckily a table for 2 was open on the floor, at the window with a great view to people watch...which is a great thing to do on a Friday night in downtown Orlando! We quickly received a beer and cocktails menu, which was nothing crazy extensive or grandiose, but was decent for the scene. I ended up going with a vodka drink and nothing off the specialty menu. The drink was good, quickly served and well priced. The atmosphere was laid back...an open layout with a rustic decor including thick wood tables, a thick bar top and a liquor wall straight out of the forest. The theme of "the woods" is most certainly carried though the bar. Overall, a good place to grab a drink downtown. Will definitely return!
Great drinks! This bar knows what it's doing when it comes to craft drinks. THe place is a little hipster, but that's OK because Orlando need something different. The Woods brings that new flavor of classiness and culture that Orlando has needed for a long time. Personal favorite drink at The Woods: Moscow Mule (comes in a traditional copper mug, kinda reminds you of Oregon Trail the computer game we yelled at when our oxen died of cholera).
Classy, creative drinks with down to earth mixologists. Get away from the tourist bs & enjoy a real drink. Menu is updated monthly. I'd be a regular if I lived near.
I wanted to like The Woods a lot more than I did.  I love the entrance as well as the ambience.  The crowd is a little on the d'chey side for my taste.  The bar area is a little small.  Cocktails were ok, but not as mind blowing as some of the prices on their menu ( ouch ). Now, I love bacon as much, if not more than the next person.  But after attending Bacon Night at Bad Decisions in Baltimore, it's going to take a lot for a place to impress me with a bacon themed night.  The free strip of bacon when ordering a cocktail is neat, but I don't get the raves for it.  Go bacon or go home!
Went on a Monday night around 11:00.  First impression was, this environment is solid.  Well lit, awesome layout, and frankly a nice decor even though I don't think I've ever said "nice decor" in my life.  It just works.  Also I don't know if they allow smoking but there wasn't any of that nonsense going on (seriously Orlando, get it together with the level of smoking in bars.  It sucks and no it isn't that important to smoke inside.) Mondays are 25% everything all night, which I think is their typical happy hour too.  25% sounds great, but even I don't like trying to do math while drinking.  A $$ will do. I just told myself "OK stuff is just cheaper".  My drinks were: Oskar Blues Red IPA, very good. An Old Fashioned with their recommended bourbon.  Not bad.  Strong. Something with the word Texas in it and it had jalapeno syrup.   I didn't like it. Bartenders were super friendly.  I would say 3 1/2 stars but I'm leaning towards 4 since it is a little bit newer and the place has a lot of specials during the week that look pretty interesting.  Not the bacon with every beer on Wednesdays.  I don't want to know how that works. Solid institution for a downtown area getting on the ball about a legit nightlife.
I went to see what this "Bacon Wednesdays" is all about and it is legit, my friends. On Wednesday, you get a hearty, pepper-crusted piece of bacon with each drink order. They have a great classic cocktail menu - I had The Dixie and Blood and Sand - both were great but they disappear quickly. Excellent beer list as well - I had one there I had never seen before, a Cigar City chickory beer. It's a nice size, the tables are gorgeous and made from, shocking, WOOD, but they look like a chunk that just came out of a tree. I like trees. Even when it got a little packed we could still carry on conversation without screaming at each other, which is what I like to do in my old age. Drinks are avg $9-$12 and our server, Jenny, was awesome. Oh, and the nicest bathrooms I think I've ever seen in a bar. Sometimes that's important.
I wanted to check out The Woods because I was told by a little birdie that they give you a strip of bacon with each drink every Wednesday night. I didn't believe it, so I wanted to check it out myself. When I walked up to the bar, I was immediately greeted by a bartender, and he automatically poured me a glass of water without me asking. Cool. He gave me a menu and said he will be back in a minute once I am done looking it over and chose a drink. They have a lot of specialty cocktail drinks. I had actually decided to go simple and chose a ginger and gin. He asked if I would like a strip of bacon with that. Silly question?! OF COURSE I WOULD!! In an empty glass, he placed a strip of bacon in it, next to my drink. The bacon was seasoned and peppery, and just delicious. So... the birdie ended up telling me the truth! Amazing service. 5 Stars
Good, quality cocktails. I'm beyond impressed with their vast bar full of quirky bourbons and whiskeys and fresh fruits and spices. I loved the three cocktails I got: Willie's Demise, Porch Swing, and The Griffin. Each one was fresh, strong, and did the job. The ambience is really chill with cool outdoor "woods" decor. Music ranges from Earth, Wind, and Fire to Outkast and some other solid tunes. The bartenders are really nice and not pretentious at all. I asked questions about the drinks and their ingredients and they really took the time to explain it and even let me see and smell different liquors. The bonus is that they have happy hour M-F 5-8 which is more days and later than usual places. I would recommend coming here!
Great decor, not a bad location although trudging through Downtown's clientele (especially on a week night) is never fun. I had The Dixie and thought it was a great drink. The only thing that rubbed me the wrong way was my friend and I thought we were ordering for the Thursday night $5 menu but it was explained to us that we didn't order from the correct selection and ended up paying full price. It was never was clear to me what the mix-up was. I thought it was clear people head in for the happy hours, you have the whole weekend where you can gauge the prices. But I loved that the bartender offered homemade seasoned peanuts which were actually pretty great. I wouldn't mind coming back for their Bacon Wednesdays.
Chill decor, good drinks, boring music, cabin like decor, very hidden.
If you want to go to an "adult" bar, no not that kind of bar, but a bar with people in there 30s, this is the place for you. I know, I'm getting old, but this place is night and day compared to the sister bar, The Lodge. I have to say it is one of my new favorites in the downtown area. It is located upstairs next to the lodge. I must be getting old when I prefer a laid back smoke free environment to one with a jukebox and people shouting everywhere. With that's aid this place rocks. The bartender was very nice and they have a huge selection of speakeasy style drinks and beers on draught. The bar is beautiful and looks like a split tree trunk. I opted for a beer this time, but will be back for a specialty drink. #yelp100
Maybe this review is more critical because it was my birthday and this place looks really rad.  It is off the main drag in Downtown Orlando, above another bar, giving it an almost speakeasy feel as you climb the stairs.  However, while aesthetically it looks awesome, there were some major qualms with our evening there.   The menu- Hit or Miss.  It is experimental (as told to us by our waitress) so maybe not all of the drinks have been approved (?).  My husband ordered a bourbon cocktail and said it was fantastic and I ordered a gin cocktail and it tasted like a foot.  It was awful.  I made the table try it too so I could be sure it wasn't just me.   When I told the waitress I would like something else she said she'd take it off of our bill (which was nice as we did not request that) but then she didn't (not nice because she offered). Service- Wrong orders....three of the girls at our table ordered a beer that was on tap.  The waitress brought the same beer in bottles (already opened) to our table.  We looked disappointed and asked if it wasn't on tap anymore and she said it was she just didn't see it.  We were bummed and she said she'd take care of it on our bill.  She did not.  At that point, we shouldn't have been shocked. We ended up leaving after two drinks to go somewhere else where service was a little better.  As we were leaving our waitress explained it was her third night there so that explained many of our issues.  We are told that the ownership is really great and friendly and we just got the wrong server for what was supposed to be a really fun night.   We will have to go again to give it a second shot.
This place is awesome. It's a little hidden, but completely worth it. The craft drinks here are made with care and the taste is perfection ( I suggest the Porch Swing, fantastic for a whiskey drinker). The atmosphere is great since there's not a big crowd and the music vibe they have going is awesome, from Earth, Wind & Fire to Outkast...A great hidden gem in Downtown Orlando.
It's about time Orlando nightlife has caught up to the craft drink/beer trend. Tasty and unique drinks, revolving craft beer selection, great wait staff. They have tons of whiskey! Atmosphere is hipster and trendy on a Saturday night.  Music is good and all the wooden fixtures, tables, and what-not made for a chill, but upscale feel to the place. So if you are looking for a place to chill and grab some quality drinks with some quality people without the usual craziness of the typical downtown crowd (not that i don't enjoy that stuff)  this place is for you. I'm going to have to check them out throughout the week... did someone say bacon?
Headed here around 8pm on a Saturday evening and it was very relaxed and surprisingly not packed. Located above The Lodge (see what they did there?), this is a completely different ambiance than what is below. You walk up a set of stairs with this gorgeous tree branch above and you are immediately transported into a dark, intimate, and rustic setting. We took a seat at the bar, which is a gorgeous cut out wood with intricate details. There are also tables at each end and a nice open front area with windows to Orange Ave. There were 3 of us and we all tried a different drink. I tasted two of the signature cocktails off the monthly menu. It appears they change it out each and every month with new bevies. We were informed that they make all of their syrups and mixers in house and were testing some while we were there. I enjoyed my cocktail but I have to say, the staff was not very accommodating, especially for being as slow and well staffed for the evening. There were 2 gentlemen and 3 ladies behind the bar and we were inquiring about all different things and they were very short with us. I get it, a bar is not necessarily supposed to cater to your conversations, however, when you are asking about their business, you would think that they would like to talk about it. Just seemed like they wanted to serve us and then chat amongst themselves. I do appreciate the water upon arrival though, that was nice. With 30 plus bourbons on hand, various craft beers, and some lovely libations to choose from, you can satisfy your pallet with a nice spicy or savory drink. I will definitely be back to check out some more drinks and relax but for cocktail bars downtown, my two favs are still The Courtesy & Hanson's. Props for keeping the cocktail bar revolution going tho! Looking forward to next month's menu. Also, Bacon Wednesday = A slice of crispy, fresh bacon in each drink you order. Yep, that happens.
I would describe the woods as a serene place where one can reflect on the day's events with only a slight risk of being mauled by a black bear or stung on the hand by bees. It is this aversion to even a minor occurrence of maulings and stingings that I choose to reflect at the Woods, which is a bar in downtown Orlando. The cool thing about the Woods is that before it was created, I didn't really know that I wanted a bar like it. It was like the iPod; I had no desire for an MP3 player until I realized I didn't have to buy CDs anymore. I didn't know I wanted delicious, hand-crafted cocktails until I tried one. I have had everything from the Great Santini to twists on old favorites like an Old Fashioned and a Slingapore Sling. They have all been really good. I even had Sam, one of the outstanding bartenders, make me a Bartender's Choice which was fresh muddled honey kiss melon, Flor de Cana rum, apple cider and a few dashes of some other stuff.I was skeptical because I thought it would be girly but it turned out to be refreshing. Word of caution: if you have been out on the town for a bit then be careful about ending your night here. The drinks are not diluted by soda or juice so usually the entire drink is alcohol in different ratios. 2-3 of these in less than an hour and you are walking in zig-zags. It is this reason why your drinks will be a bit more pricey than somewhere like the Lodge (expect drinks to be in the $8-12 range). Other reasons why this place is awesome: Bacon Wednesday (get a free piece of bacon with each drink), water while you wait for your drink, home-made concoctions like cinnamon whiskey, really friendly staff, great atmosphere. Try this place out if you haven't yet. Great happy hour spot and nice to relax on a week day night.
This place is tucked away up the staircase to the left of The Lodge Bar.  The vibe speaks to the speakeasy era with special cocktails geared toward bourbon and whiskey drinkers.  The bartenders were friendly and helped me sort through the menu to find a drink I would like.  The first round I ordered an Old Fashioned which I enjoyed.  Simple yet satisfying.  My second cocktail was the Texas Smash which was a good mix of Bulleit Bourbon, mint, lemon and Jalapeno syrup.  Definitely the place to come to enjoy a nice cocktail and unwind.
I really like this bar. It's a little hard to find at first, upstairs from the Lodge via a fairly nondescript doorway. Inside you will find a full bar and bartenders who know how to make a creative beverage. The menu features one drink in particular that I have ordered several times - the Gin Chicky, which includes habanero simple syrup and egg white. They also have a decent craft brew selection - last week, they hosted a Bell's takeover night, featuring many of the Michigan brewery's more unique beers. I really love the upstairs view of the streets below, it makes for some fun people-watching, especially if there is a show going on at the Social across the street. The spooky tree lighting effects and odd decor of the occasional stuffed pheasant add to the uniqueness of this new downtown bar.
I"m so GLAD that there are places like this in Orlando.  The beer selection is above average but what makes this place special is equal parts service, the mixology involved in their cocktails, and the ambiance of the place. As in their worthy competitor, The Courtesy, this place makes their own simple syrups in an incredible variety of flavors (avocado, tomato basil, roasted pineapple) just to name a few.  The menu changes very often they usually have 10-11 different cocktails but they can also mix up a concoction that you inspire just by telling your likes and dislikes to the mixologist. Wednesday night is my favorite night to go, it's quiet and you get a strip of bacon with with every drink that you order.  Every once in a while the host a take-over night for a brewery this month was Capital Brewery from Wisconsin which was spectacular.  You buy can buy a pint for 6 dollars, you get to keep the glass and every refill only costs 4 dollars. I really have to give props to the staff too, if you go on the weekends you really won't get to experience how good they are.
I liked the atmosphere here.  The tables and chairs are all made out of wood and it's a small, quaint place with a homey feel.  They have a good craft beer selection, but the prices of their domestic beers were pretty pricey coming in at $4 to $5 for a Miller Lite. It was pretty empty when I went here, which was a Saturday night around 9:00.  They had good music playing, which I liked and it wasn't overly loud so you could actually have a conversation with the person next to you without screaming. I would go back for the craft beer and atmosphere, but if you're looking for cheap drinks, I wouldn't recommend this place.
This is by far what I've been longing to find I Orlando. A lounge with a rustic feel, staffed with amazing talents, to help you escape from the mundane and tiresome Orlando scene. The bar-tenders are reminiscent of the old mixologists of pre-prohibition era; where the attention to detail and pride in the drink is of the utmost importance. These guys know how to mix incredibly complex drinks quickly and make it look effortless. The cocktail servers couldn't be more attentive if they tried. Anywhere you sit in this place you're guaranteed to have an enjoyable experience with little to no wait times front the minute you finish your drink to the minute you're enjoying another. It's a well oiled machine. This is the best cocktail lounge in downtown Orlando. If you think Courtesy is good, check this place out. "If the question is whiskey: its answer is, yes"
It's been a while since I've been downtown, so when I heard of The Woods, I took it upon myself to check it out. I was not disappointed. Located just north of the Lodge, the Woods is a relatively spacious bar with lots of bar/table space, clean bathrooms, and a fantastic beer selection. I don't typically drink cocktails when I'm out downtown, so I can't comment on that. But they have a surprisingly extensive craft beer selection. It's no Redlight Redlight, but far better than just about anything else in the true downtown area. Service was reasonably fast for a busy Friday night, and the prices are also pretty good. The woods is definitely going on my list of no-cover cheap-drink bars to visit regularly.
These drinks are real drinks..a little to fancy for my pallet :) overall the place has a great atmosphere. If you have a taste for old school authentic cocktails, you'll love this place.
Great atmosphere, great neighborhood, great music, and great service. Dimmed lighting, beautiful decor, and drinks were done right. This is the place for lounging and socializing with friends.
I don't think I would have ever known this place was here - you would walk right passed it if you didn't know it was there (especially if it's dark out). The ambiance is laid back and our bartender was amazing. He was really friendly and made us our own crafty cocktails. I love how inventive they are there - they're truly mixologists! If you're looking for a cool atmosphere and delicious handcrafted cocktails, this is the place!
Good cocktails, nice ambiance but both horrible design (narrow hallway b/h the bar?) And slow service. Suprised it was so busy.
This is such a cool bar!  I love the lanterns on every table and the cool wooden oddly shaped tables.  I also love Bacon Wednesdays!  With every drink purchase, you get a slice of bacon!  And this is no ordinary slice of bacon, it was the best bacon I've ever had!  Not too salty, seasoned nicely, with a charred edge and very meaty!  Their drinks are great too!  This is an awesome bar with great service!
This place is pretty nice. They have an interesting selection of cocktails. I had a blackberry cider, which was amazing. The service was a little slow but they were packed, and our waitress was very attentive and polite.
This place is good for a bourbon on the rocks or bottle of craft beer. Personally, I think they over-complicate their house cocktails. Wednesday nights are Bacon Night. The vibe is great. The music is great. Perfect place for a weeknight meetup after work or Saturdate night visit. Come here and chill.
Bacon Wednesdays. That is all.
This place is cute. Nice clientele, comfortable atmosphere. Staff was great, they have fun little tin mugs that make drinks super cold. I'm terrible at remembering names, and I did forget the name of the drink we had but it was refreshing and delicious and they did not skimp on the liquor to mixer ratio. Bouncer at door was great and gave me a small review before I headed upstairs. Can get crowded, but if you grab a table it's a nice place to socialize with a group of friends over drinks. Didn't have any food, can't rate the menu, didn't look at it. Waitress kept our drinks and water glasses full and was attentive. Check it out.
Everything is better with bacon. This place is beautiful, unique & one of my favorite, stumble upon, secret spots ever.
I stopped in for one cocktail and really loved the atmosphere!  Its quite spacious and elegant.  I enjoyed my pisco sour cocktail and since it was a Wednesday night, I got free bacon.  The bar is dimly lit and has plenty of places to sit.  It was fairly empty when I went around 10pm.  I look forward to going back and trying some of the other craft cocktails.
This place is so cool! The ambiance, the music, and the drinks are a winner!
Great atmosphere love everything about this place from the beer selection to the smell they have done an amazing job standing out from all the rest of the random bars downtown. Very unique and layer back
Very cool little bar on Orange Avenue.  All or most of the bartenders are mixologists, so give them a challenge on a drink and they will create you the perfect drink, that you might not have ever had.  The mixologist told me that everyone orders from the cocktail menu and it gets boring for her, so I had her concoct a mixture for me.  I told her to make me a cocktail that would fit this mood "waking up on vacation in a tropical environment, not quite remembering what happened the night before, but knowing it's ok because you have your wallet and your phone. It's 11:00AM and I have nothing to do except have a drink and walk along the water to nurse my hangover."  5 minutes later, she came back with a delicious drink with fresh ginger to settle the stomach, a little citrus, some carbonation from a ginger beer, and some 40% alcohol that was untraceable.  I closed my eyes, took a sip, and it brought me there.  Can't beat that. Good job Orlando.  Long live the mixologists!
We went here for a drink after work.  It is not easy to find if you don't know where to look but we'll worth finding.  They have tons of different kinds of beer if that is your drink of choice.  I prefer cocktails and the selection here is lovely...all are made with ample amounts of  liquor and with fresh ingredients.  I had the East/West tango based with fresh strawberries it was pink and refreshing also tried the Unexpected Bullet which tasted like French Toast Yum! They will also make your drink of choice, my husband had a Margarita which he enjoyed very much.  The decor is wood and the interior is calm and airy. Drinks range from 9 to 12 dollars.  The bartender was really nice! The first thing they do when you belly up is give you a nice , tall glass of ice water. nice:-)
No question that this is one of the better places in Orlando for a drink. The mixologists here really know their stuff and they're doing some really creative things with drinks here. That being said, a lot of those drinks are hit and miss. Last time I was there I had a cocktail flavored with basil, peppercorn, and sea salt.  Despite the bartender's assurance it didn't really work. My advice is find out what other people are enjoying and take their word for it.  The place does have a very pretentious crowd though, so depending on who you are, they may not talk to you. Still, it's worth popping in for a drink there at least once.
