Definitely one of the best dive bars in Orlando and it keeps getting better.  No more smoking inside [but ample outside seating for smokers - always a bonus!], good selection of beers, and now serving liquor!   I've seen some awesome shows at Will's, as well.  Lil Indies is right next door serving up craft cocktails, now, too.  Ya can't lose!
Altogether mammoth among the sea We invoke black devils among the virgin The feeling gets eldritch Supernatural and glittering within the mist I see peaceful bones within the slime The sin has died So musty above the towers You conjure dream-like lamia under the spirits flickering nameless  seeing the light  empty hands  In whose arms  the lover  chased his dream  while the crowd watched
I used to be in a band. Yes, I'm THAT guy. But anyways, I remember playing here back in the day. So, going here for another local show recently brought back fond memories. Heck, I remember playing at their OLD location just north on Mills. Wills is a great place to see touring and local bands. this particular night had decent bands...the last of which was actually quite solid. They were called Plush Monsters. I met up with some friends, had a good ol' time. The beer selection is pretty good. I had Brooklyn Summer Ale, as well as a Bell's Two Hearted. Most of the young hipsters were drinking PBR, because they got the 2008 memo when they turned 21 three months ago. No, seriously, don't go here if you think hanging out with young hipsters will make you feel old..because it will and it did. The bathroom is disgusting. I will say that. But, it's a dive bar with bands playing. I didn't expect anything different. Fish out of Water sushi truck was there. Good stuff! Oh, and hipsters now smoke e-cigs. who knew. At least I could breathe in the bar!
Who doesn't like Will's Pub.  After going there for years, I consider Will's Pub a staple of Orlando and the Mills 50 area.  Great beers and now they serve liquor.  Amber and the bartending crew are awesome.  I've been to a ton of show and I am never disappointed.
I have been here quite a few times and love it.  One of the best dive bars around here.  They have two small pool tables in the front room.  There is also a photo booth.  The center area has a stage and a large area for concerts and shows.  The back area has a bar with lots of seating and a large selection of bottled beers and some draft beers.   On my most recent visit I was pleasantly surprised to find out that it is now non smoking inside! The prices are reasonable and the staff is always helpful.  Great place to go see local bands and have some delicious craft beers!
Great place to hang with friends for a few drinks. Love the venue for live music. Even more excited that it is non-smoking now!!!!!!
Delightfully grungy with a kick ass drink selection, friendly bartenders, and good entertainment.  They also have a nice little outdoor area to enjoy your cancer sticks.  I dig this place.
I've been here a few times for shows, and it's alright. This is basically the type of place that tries to look like a dive bar in order to be trendy and attract the hipster crowd. Anyone that's been to a real dive bar will know the difference the second they walk in.  Real ones have smoking inside, and don't overcharge for PBR, for example. That, and the crowd is usually a bit rougher.   It's still a fairly decent place despite the annoying hipsters who are constantly talking to Siri on their iphones. The staff is pretty cool, and the bands they get are pretty good.
I'm going to just pretend my eyes didn't burn and my lungs didn't hurt from being in a SMOKING venue. C'mon Florida, get with the program. Besides the lung damage, I dig this venue. Laid back outdoors area, decent area to put merch (near the photo booth and pool tables), decent sound for how divey and dark this place is, and pretty awesome regulars. I came here with one of my friends's bands who were headlining-- it's always good when venues provide you with ample drink tickets and pay. I was really surprised and happy to see that, after having seen/known other bands who stop into Will's if their tour takes them through Orlando. Get rid of the smoking indoors and I'd say I would make this my regular place if I lived in Orlando. If you're from Boston, think O'Brien's Pub. If you're from Charlotte, think Snug Harbor. If you're from Rochester, this is the closest you'll find to the Bug Jar. Dig it.
Gotta love a good dive bar! I love Will's for a couple of reasons: 1- It's smoke-free inside (now) 2- Great bottled beer selection 3- fantastic music/themed nights (like Southern Fried Sundays!) 4- LOCATION 5- 3 rooms, all feeling dark and slightly out of place 6- etc.... This is a true Orlando establishment (though it's moved around a bit) and helps define the divey, local, unpolished vibe of Mills50.
This is a total dive bar. Dark, mysterious, not many flashing lights. People who look cool and mysterious, but seem friendly too. A scary looking bathroom. A stage for a small band, and a small open area in front to view them. You enter the place through a dark room, which seems like an overflow room (ok, I read another review, and I forgot there are pool tables here). Then you venture into another room with the stage and the viewing area. Attached to this room, at the back, is the bar. The bar has bar seats all around, and you can chit chat with the bartender. I've been here twice. The first time I was here alone among strangers, who I ended up striking conversations with. This last time with friends, and we had a good time chatting about their beers and the fun stickers on the beer coolers. The bartender was friendly and answered our questions, even if we were pestering her a little (we were legitimately curious!). They have a great bottled/canned craft beer selection and a handful on tap. You can smoke here, but when we were there, they made some smokers leave because of some policy of no smoking when a band was about to play, or something like that. I've never seen a band here, since we left before the one for the night was about to start. I really should. What's wrong with me.
This place is bullshit or whatever. Except for the rad bands and awesome staff, and cool people that hang out there, and the awesome location, this place is the worst of ever-anything!
A dive bar with good bands and a too young crowd (18+ the night I was there) LOVE the beer selection, HATE the people smoke inside!!!!!! Get with program people! I don't mind polluting my liver but not my lungs!!!!
There is hope in the bathrooms, walls passive directors of Cinemax passion, the furious or slow grind practice of your parents, the part of the evening where you will never tell your children about; you will be ashamed for revising your deathbed confessional before making it. You will not have a choice though of what cigarette brands your cells retain. Your forearms will not understand the cheap shame of 305s, the cruelty of cowboys, the empowerment of feminism. There is cancer here and there on the bar stools but you won't know who they are until last call. Ask yourself is the hangover in the morning worth it, is his name worth forgetting, whether last night is an autopsy, index fingers to temples as scalpel.
The new Will's pub is nearly an exact replica of the old one.   A bit smaller maybe... regardless.  Will's is a great stand-by, just be sure to bring an extra $5 to walk in.  Regardless of whether you want to see the band, you'll be paying for them, which is fine.   Lots of beer options, I went with a Turbodog and then a Shiner.  Like others have said, it is beer and wine only.  Wally's is within walking distance though, if you're in dire need of a shot. Best part of the bar for me?  PINBALL!!!  They've got 2 machines (South Park and Ripley's Believe it or Not) and while you won't be able to hear all the bells and whistles, you can definitely get your pinball kicks in.
As we were searching for a beer bar / hang spot on a late Sunday evening on the week of Christmas our options were limited. Being from Atlanta I was at the mercy of suggestion of my friend and her peeps. Last spot of the night, Wills Pub. Halleuah, its open! Walked in to a doorman and a cover charge. It costs a dollar... I would be upset about this but a dollar??? Okay. Sure. Why not? First impressions: dark smokey room, pool tables, and band stickers all over the walls. 'I can roll with this... ' Next room - big stage, indie / metal clientele, and full sound system with basic par can lighting... 'alright, me likes but shit, where's the bar??? This better not be one of those spaces with no liquor license serving juice. Oh thank god, there is another room and there it is! Wheewww.' Third room is more of the same and a bar tucked in the back. As I browse the coolers and tap handles, 'Eureka! We've struck gold!' Cigar City, Dogfish World Wide Stout, Stone Lucky Bastard, Brew Dog, Terrapin - to name some highlights. As I look around the smoke filled bar drinking my Cigar City, the tattoo-sleeved chick next to me sips her PBR and Pantera plays in the background and then it hits me... I am at home in this place.
I love it! My friend's band was touring down the east coast from the north and I had to see them at Will's Pub. It was my first time going and didn't think it would be a big venue by looking from the outside. Walking in, you see a bunch of pool tables. I walked into the next room, and there's the stage. In the next room, ahhh finally, there's the bar with the beer. They have pretty decent microbrews and not a bad selection.  There are a few tables to sit at, an arcade hunting game along with the classic pinball. I had a great time here, and it's a great venue to listen to some good music.  Will be going here again !
Decent selection of beer ranging from low brow to mid-priced craft beers - not the kinda place where you're gonna find flights of handcrafted this or that, though. Prices are reasonable & service is good. This second location is more of a rock club than the original, which trended more towards being a bar that happened to have live music in the backroom. The warehouse-like space is split into three separate rooms - the front room has a few pool tables, high-top tables to sit at and a photobooth, the side room features a decent sized stage for when there are bands playing (which is most every night) and the backroom bar area. The bar room features some video games and more high-top tables. There's also a small patio area out front with a picnic table and some bench seating, though it's much smaller than the porch at Will's first location. Towards the end of the bar it gets a bit narrow but unfortunately that's where the taps are so get ready to squeeze in if you've yet to memorize their draught offerings. Bottles are stored in glass fronted fridges behind the bar so you can see what's they offer but hopefully you have 20/20 vision or a good pair of eyeglasses as it can be.pretty hard to read each label from across the bar and there's no beer list to be had. Best thing to do is know what style of beer you like and ask for suggestions (or yell if a band is playing). Whether you smoke or not, be prepared for some sore lungs and smokey clothes the next day. Not saying that's bad or good, just be warned that if you think people shouldn't smoke bars this isn't the place for you.
While the old Will's Lochaven Pub location will always live on in my heart as the "True" Will's, the new location is great. The sound and space for live shows is excellent but if you're just there for a drink, the bar offers plenty of space to hang out and play some touch screen or pinball. New big screen, flat panel HDTVs were added for the NBA play-offs but rarely have anything on them worth watching. There is also an additional game room features two pool tables, Silver Strike Bowling and Golden Tee. While Will's continues to be the Orlando equivalent of CBGB's, it's also a great place to go and have a beer with friends on a non-show night. Will has a very respectable bottled beer selection as well as approx. 10 taps for draft beer with a few that change out semi-regularly to keep things interesting. He has wine as well, but it's pretty rare you'll catch anyone drinking it. Far more common is the sake bomb, which should be approached with respect and then tossed back with disregard for your taste buds and liver. I have it on good authority that plans are in the works for an outdoor patio in the back but to date it has yet to be started. On any given night you'll find Will behind the bar and on occasion drinking at it. Feel free to say hello and give him a hug.
The thing about Will's is that you have to separate it's role as a bar from it's role as a live music venue. It is also important to separate the first incarnation of Will's from this incarnation. So as a bar, a beer bar to be exact, Will's has my favorite beer: the Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA. So it wins in this respect. As a live music venue, Will's plays host to national acts as well as local and regional talent. I have played here and was impressed by the house sound engineer and enjoyed the stage. As an attendee, I am normally put off for the same reason Suzanne (below) is. This place is not well ventilated and I don't smoke, so it's a little bit harder to bear than other venues like The Social. However, it is the cultural impact of Will's on the Orlando arts scene which earns it these four stars. It's hard to pin down exactly what the cultural impact is, because it means different things to different people. But there is a consensus when you talk to music people in Orlando, that Will's is legendary and must be respected
Ok, so Wills is, and always will be a staple piece of this community in Orlando. When I first walked into the new Will's I thought that it was a little tight and not as big, but the layout grew on me. It looks like they took a pointer from Suzanne's post too. They have 2 bathrooms now. One for Men and one for the Ladies. but enough about bathrooms Lets break this bar down. Music- I saw some bands play. (for local and touring bands, the night I was here, the sound was awesome! The guy running sound new what he was doing. Unfortunately, there is only so much you can do for some bands.) The stage is not huge, but not too small. If your lucky to catch your favorite band play here, its an awesome experience because its the right amount of space. Alcohol- They have pints of PBR for $2.50, Yuengling at $3, They have plenty of different bottles of beer in the fridge for under $3. Happy Hour is every day from 4 - 7 p.m., and they normally knock off a dollar on most pints. And the best way to kick off the week is their recession friendly Mondays where PBR's are a $1 right now. Everyone needs to come here at least once.
The layout of this place is WACKY! You walk into a room with billiard tables which could be confusing - but if you get passed that you end up in their 'concert room' which is also confusing. Finally at the very back you'll find the little bar with a big selection of beer (lots of good stuff on the menu) Definitely a dive - but it was fun.
This is a tiny stinky smokey live music venue that gets fantastic bands.  Very excited to hear they will be going non-smoking soon.
One of the best bars/venues in Orlando, hands down. Any pub with extensive, descriptive beer menus on the bar instantly goes into my 'love' list. Try one of the local brews or microbrews, you will not be disappointed. There's also pool tables, pinball, a photo booth and plenty of interesting art on the walls. Oh, and it's a great place to see live music. As others have pointed out, it's beer and wine only, but the vast selection of beer more than makes up for the lack of liquor.
Great place, super cool "punk" bar for lack of a better term. Not quite a dive, it's got several rooms and an excellent beer selection (including some very hard to find stouts!). Most of the best local and out of town acts play there. Great venue for a small to medium show. Lots of charm and a good bar staff. I will definitely go back, and bring friends!
Great "dive" bar and venue for live music, just as the prior location was. I have to admit that I haven't been to the new Will's very much in the past year or so (I was in last night to see Crooked Fingers, and it was maybe my second trip in the past year), but after last night's visit I'm thinking that I need to stop by more often. Had a great time here last night. The room right when you walk in has pool tables and a photo booth, and the adjacent room is where the live music stage is. In the very back is the bar. It's smoky throughout the establishment, just as Stephanie L. said. I've been in bars/clubs that are/were smokier, though this one more than has its fair share of smoke. I was VERY impressed with the beer selection here. As I was sitting at the bar after the show with a friend, I was looking at the different kinds in the coolers behind the bar, as well as the list of draft beers. There's some great stuff in there - some of it I've never even heard of, much less tried. Some of it just made me laugh - but in a good way. For example, I saw cans of Colt .45 in one cooler. THAT was a surprise. I haven't seen anyone drink that stuff in at least 10 years, so imagine my astonishment when I saw multiple cans in the cooler. Not sure for how long they've been there, though. Haha. I'm tempted to go in sometime and try one, just for the hell of it ... My friend and I each had one Miller High Life last night, and then I got curious about the draft beers and ordered one - Wychwood. Never heard of it before, so I figured I'd give it a shot. I'm glad I did! The bartender described it to be as Boddington's-esque, which got my attention pretty quickly as Boddington's is one of my favorites. The Wychwood beer is very much like Boddington's, it's true. I'm happy I tried it. There were at least 2 other draft beers on the list & that sounded interesting, though I'll have to give those a chance next time, maybe. I didn't see the pinball machine that Annette G. mentioned, though it's maybe still in there and I just missed it. The bar area has several TVs (one TV I was looking at was showing a NBA game, and the other was showing the NHL's Tampa Bay Lightning game) as well as a Ms. Pac-Man (!!!) machine. There are a few other video games in there, though I can't remember which ones. Overall, I really enjoyed being here last night and am going to do my best to stop in more often. I definitely recommend it to anyone who likes "dive" bars, pool, live music and a great beer selection. That should be most of you! One last thing: I noticed a sign at the bar that states there's a $10 minimum purchase if you want to use a credit card, though the bartender let my friend use her card even though we owed only $5 (for 2 Millers High Life). I paid for my ensuing draft beer with cash. Weird, but cool. I guess we got lucky that we weren't asked to spend another $5, though I would've been more than happy to do so if we didn't have plans to go to I-Bar.
I've only been here twice so far, but plan on going back.  My last two experiences have been good ones.  The only negative I have to say about this place is that it's smokey inside, which I am not a fan of one bit.  All of the staff members I have run across have always been pleasant and nice to interact with. They have a great beer selection, which is one of my favorite reasons for going to Will's when I'm out on Mills Ave.  They also have two pool tables, some arcade games and those touch screen games at the bar, which are always fun.  Will's has concerts pretty frequently and it's not a bad spot to listen to a band every once in a while.
Will's is by far my favorite hang-out in Orlando. Living in Ormond Beach, I only visit when there's a show in town. I always keep my fingers crossed that they get booked at Will's and thus far I've been pretty lucky. They always book great bands. Will's is a bit dive-y, but man do they have an incredible beer selection. Great atmosphere. Always a lot of energy and very friendly crowd. You never have to wait log to get a drink. I love the fact that their bartenders are not pretentious. A lot of hip bars like this suffer from self centered bartenders that utilize the bar as their "holier than thou' performance. I only wish I lived a bit closer to frequent it more.
This is by far my favorite place to catch a show in Orlando! The beer selection is phenomenal.  Between acts, I actually got the chance to try the elusive Dogfish Punkin' Ale (still haven't found it anywhere else).  Went great with watching The Ataris. From a vibe standpoint, it's hipster with a hint of punk to it.  Being able to shoot some pool by the merch table is always a good time.  The decor of the bar area is also pretty cool, with all sorts of action figures behind the bar. The location is also pretty awesome.  If you need some late night eats, you're right next door to Banana's Diner & Takko Cheena on Mills.  Can't find that kind of set-up near The Social or Backbooth! I can't wait to try this place out on a night when there isn't a show (i.e. their Instagram Bingo night).
I went here for a friend's comedy show. Cool atmosphere but very smoky! Nice venue for concerts and shows, very intimate.
I loved the old Will's Pub and I love the "new" Will's Pub too. I'll admit that I'm a bit biased as Will and Heidi let me throw my paintings up on the walls but even if they didn't I'd still be there nursing a beer anyways. They have something for everyone with a great beer selection and bartenders that if you don't know what you want exactly will be happy to help you figure it out. Live music, local artists and great staff. I'll keep it simple cause that's the way Will keeps it. Cheers!
We went for a concert and it was overall a great bar.  Beer/wine only but a huge menu to choose from.  Only downside for me was that smoking is allowed indoors and it was SMOKY!  Smoky like hard to breathe in there.  Bar staff was really friendly and helpful!
will's pub helped me fall in love with orlando. and man did I fall hard. good music, good people, rad bartenders, photo hunt, cigarette machine, PHOTO BOOTH!!, easy parking, and one of the best selections of beer I've ever seen in a dive. still on the hunt for a will's in the bay area. think I'll be searchin for a while...
Only go when you want to get dangeous!
The service here is always a hit or miss, but the live music is always the nights winner.  It is hipster on some nights, but all hole in the wall dives can be.  The bathrooms match the rest of the decor, and I would recommend to practice your squatting techniques at home and pack some tp in your purse.   When I was there they did not allow smoking inside, but I have heard from some friends that they sometimes do.  This is a very much college go-to bar and I even saw a few people there still 'repping their Full Sail badges; I like to rush to the bar right after my 9pm classes too. Definitely worth the drive, or whatever is holding you back, if there is a band you know or have heard of.  An Orlando 'to-do when I have friends visit!
I walked in and said hello lovely pinup girls.....went thru all the way to the back and said Well hello Black Power p*ssy Stainboy poster.  Anyplace with decor this badass is gonna be a must go regular watering hole!!!!  The staff was friendly, the beer selection was outstanding, the real reason to go though is the people watching.  As I like to phrase it they have something for everybody.
Cool place to see a band in Orlando.
Always good beer. Cheap. Always good music. Cheap. Always good people. Also cheap.
good for shows. dive campy decor and clean bathrooms.  last time i went the bar tenders barely spoke to me maybe they were having a bad night?  or maybe they're just rude.
Nice staff, small venue for intimate concerts or shows, and the bar is tucked away in the back away from the "main stage". It is a hipster indi vibe and i have no problems with that as I thoroughly enjoy people watching and getting to know new people.
looking for a place to see a show, get shitfaced, play some pool sharks and watch some poor trashed punk kid embarrass his dumb self? will's is the place for you. the tables are usually always running, which is great for people who want to play pool while the show is going, and the shows themselves run from electronic blah blah to CRAZY INTENSE OH GOD MY FACE. always a nice variety of musical types and tastes to be had. the beer selection is impeccable for a dive bar in the vi-mi district, though it's just beers, no liquor. they have left hand and that's pretty much all i need. and be nice to your bartenders and other employees, if they remember your stupid face you could end up getting into shows for cheaps.
Service here blows. Only gets 2 stars because of the amazing shows I've seen here.
i know will's has alot of history in orlando and have very fond memories of the original will's but i just cant get past the weird layout, cramped spaces, bathrooms that make odin's den in winterpark look like the fuckin ritz and pbr that cost way more then it should have. it's kind of a meh for me on this one.
great dirty bar. weird layout but great selection of beers. $2 pbr draft. they also have wine and sake. performed here last week and it was lots of fun. the sound person seemed to have some trouble with some of the equipment when we were setting up but once he solved this issue, everything with the sound was just fine. i believe there are two pool tables and even a photo booth in which i did not take incriminating pictures at any point.
