Came here last night to party - good crowd and lots of my favorite jams playing. I like the 2-story setup it reminds me of what used to be The Venue in Tampa. The upstairs bar and VIP area is a fun place to drink and party. Drinks were about what you would expect at a nightclub $12 long island iced teas and rum runners, but the rum runner was surprisingly made well. I haven't been to many of the other clubs in Orlando so I cannot really compare, but certainly better than the nightlife we have right now in Tampa.
They had a Combat Night event and it was VERY Disappointing!! There was really no where you could Stand (the only chairs were for VIP only) to see the fights! Even got there early for a good spot,only to be told to move.
If I had the choice of burning for eternity in hell and going to Tier I would choose hell every time. This place is beyond unsanitary and gross! I've worked two events there booked by outside companies who we're floored about how unsanitary it was. my shoes stuck so badly to the floor that my shoe actually came off my foot.... The owner of this place is the notorious douchebag Scoop owner - and if you lived in Orlando at all during the time it was open you know how much of a shit hole that place was. You can go anywhere in Orlando to see slutty bartenders with their ass hanging out so don't choose this place.
Be careful from ur staff or ur Business ganna be decline !!!!
Great DJ going, but cops all around when walking in and there at end of the night. Very packed. A decent nightclub setting. I looked out of place here.
My friend and I were trying to find a club after leaving Vain. Someone on the street told us Tier is pretty good so we tried it. The layout of this club is worse. There is NO dance floor. People were clustered around the center aisle between the VIP tables. It was impossible to get through to go to the bathroom or leave the club. We ended up leaving after 10 minutes.
I'm giving Tier a 3 instead of a 4 because with clubs, I'm a huge stickler for atmosphere and crowd, and when it's a little dead, then you're just kinda meh. I went to Tier with a group of people and we sat in VIP in the upper level. Now, if I was rating Tier for customer service alone, I'd give them a 5, but I'm not. I've had a few VIP experiences at clubs and none were as great as it was at Tier. The bartenders/waitresses that brought out the bottles made sure to fill us up before they left and they returned frequently to top us up and make sure that we had everything that we needed/wanted. They were great and they were quick to respond to a little (large) spill that we have in our area. Kudos to them for using clear plastic cups instead of glass... it saved us that night. Now, the music was pretty good. It wasn't the greatest, but it suited the atmosphere of the club and it got people going. Since we were all seated on the second floor, I had a chance to overlook the whole club and I noticed that 3 quarters of the club was taken up by VIP sections. I find this to be a little sucky. The only non-VIP section was in the middle of the first floor... and it looks like it would suck to be stuck in that small space. I like the feeling of having everyone together, but I guess I understand the mentality of frequent-partygoers that want to reflect an affluent lifestyle. It wasn't my first choice to be up in VIP, but when it's the group against you, you tend to follow. It was a good experience, but it's not really my scene. I'm more into lax environments, so I'll pass up on Tier the next time. Great service though. Can't go wrong with great service.
Long lines, not really a problem for girls. Win! Got there early, no lines at the bar. Win! DJ, awesome and they have some resident DJs that are just sick and throw some mad dance music down. However, the management, (and/or the bouncers), really need assistance with their communication if they are going to continue to run a club in Orlando. You can not get away with terrible customer service and run a good establishment. I really hope the management steps it up because this has the making to be a fabulous "Miami-esque" club in Orlando... it's just thinking it's the cool kid on the block at the moment and they need to step it up.
Tier Nightclub could become a rather happening place. Did it fire on all pistons when I visited this place? Eh not so much. Beer I had was luke warm and the music was ok as its more on the techno side than most other places. It was a Saturday night at around 9PM so maybe it needed more time to fill up but given that we were there with a pub crawl there really wasn't a big crowd aside from those attending the crawl. Layout is broken up into two floors with the upper floors circling around the edges of the building allowing for patrons to view down upon the drunken crowd. First floor has a bar, some couches for loungers, and a dance floor. The dance floor is rather limited in space so don't expect to have a crazy night dancing in a huge crowd. I'd say give this place a visit once it's gotten an identity for itself. For now I'll just wait and see how this place plays out.
Great music and dancers. Love the upstairs area! Beware, however, if you're coming here just to party with girlfriends, because you'll be approached by multiple men trying to convince you to have drinks with them in VIP. Kind of annoying...
Uh this place is the joke of Orlando, and that is seriously saying A LOT. No offense but most of downtown Orlando is a joke, this is the type of place you stick to local bars and dives because the whole club scene is a joke.  I would rather spend the money and drive to Miami for a day/night trip! Anyways, they had Nik Richies birthday here and that should say enough haha...this place needs a actually decent resident dj, some nicer bouncers, better drinks (seriously only drink beer here), BUT I will say the decore is fun and festive.
When I first heard about Tier Nightclub I was excited that the old Icon location was coming back. I was also pumped to learn that DJ Craze would be performing on the night of Friday Feb 17th. We called Tier on Wednesday to find out about tickets and set times and we learned that Friday was not a ticketed event, but the nightclub does have a cover charge; no problem, I expect to pay cover at most places on a Friday night. We were told that ladies are always free but the cover for guys is decided by the doorman and could range from anywhere between $5 and $25. -Umm WHAT?! You don't have a set cover charge? I've heard of a having an increased or decreased price depending on the time of night but never random prices depending on ... whatever they're rationale was. Fast forward to a slightly rainy Friday night in Orlando. My friend arrived at the club before I did and went inside to wait. I believe he ended up paying $10 for cover. I arrived about 10 minutes later and waited in line for what seemed like an eternity, I finally handed my ID to the bouncer. He did the triple check (look at the date, look at my face, look at my picture) handed my ID back to me and informed me that I would not be allowed in. I asked him why, and he told me that I was not in the appropriate dress code. So why even look to see how old I am, if you've already determined by what I was wearing that I'm not getting in? Just an FYI there was nothing stated on their main website, Facebook page, etc. related to acceptable attire - I'm a marketing / PR nerd, I check these things. Supposedly dress code at Tier Nightclub is business attire. I proceeded to tell him that the clothes I had on were indeed the clothes I wore to work: a business casual short-sleeved sweater, dark skinny jeans and a pair of oxford style vans. He rolled his eyes and asked where I worked; and I pompously handed him my business card. He apologized again and said I could not be let in; however the group of scantily clad superficial hyenas behind me was welcomed with open arms. Maybe I'm behind the times but last time I checked 6-inch stilettos and barely there dresses that resembled dinner napkins weren't appropriate for the workplace. My friend came out and spoke to the bouncer but we had no luck. For the first time in my life I had been refused entry to an establishment. My friend stayed and enjoyed DJ Craze, while I headed off to my normal hangout. I called the manager or owner or whoever answered the phone at 3:00 AM and told him about my experience; I was told that acceptable dress code is at the doorman's discretion and there was nothing on the websites because they are a new property. He offered to waive my cover and said I'd receive a free drink would be taken care of if I came the following night. Seriously dude?! I was prepared to spend a nice chunk of money but you wouldn't let me in. And you think I'm coming back for your $5 fake pity well liquor? HA! Tier can keep its boozed-up whores and I'll continue to go to places that don't try to be something they're not. We're in Orlando, not New York. There's no such thing as an upscale nightclub in this city.
All of these bad reviews is untrue. I went there that place is best club to actually DANCE. I went to 9 different other clubs in orlando and it was hard dancing at the bar. However, one thing i dont like about this place is too many people sweeping up the floor. they dont need to hire 15 people to sweep up the same area.
It was okay.  Really crowded and the bouncers are rude.  The music was decent and the club itself looks cool.
I've been following Tier since the early months of development, the two guys who own the place have had their hand in alot of Orlando's bar scene over the past few years. Some of their adventures were Scoop, Deko, and more recently Vain before selling it off for Tier. If your a local, then you know alot of the failures of Scoop and Deko from UCF, but one thing i do know is that these guys learned from the mistakes of those venues and finally... on their 4th attempt brought something interesting to downtown Orlando. I went to school in Orlando, but have moved on to Los Angeles a number of years ago. We live at a very high standard out here, and not everything in nightlife that tries succeeds. After coming back and meeting with friends at Tier to check it out while on business, I can safely say that there is a spot that i can enjoy there that attracts MY tastes from Hollywood. Drinks are good, service is adequate for how full the place gets on a friday and saturday.... but come later cause it doesn't really get full till past 11. prices in my opinion are cheap compared to Hollywood & Beverly Hills, but i understand this may be on the medium to higher end for average Orlando spots. What strikes me most is the energy in this place. Orlando always amazed me as a city that knows how to go out and have a good time, but i've never seen it done as "buttoned up" as this place does it. If you like dressing up and surrounding yourself with other young professionals, this is the place to do it. Alot of people are complaining in this review about bad line control, management, drink prices, whatever it may be. My first thought on that is that they must be fairly tacky people that dont know quality when it hits them, its not hard to get in here, but then again i wear a suit and tie when i go out, not my sneakers from the gym. I personally believe people in Orlando are set in their ways and don't want to change into the more progressive period that the city is heading towards. The days of dollar beers and all you can drink for free specials are coming to a end thanks to the economy finally coming back around, and I say good riddance. All that brings out is the ruff and rowdy crowds that belong in the slum bars, not in downtown nightclubs, and its the door mans job to make sure that happens. The city needs to grow into more high class places like Tier if downtown ever wants to regain status as a major nightlife destination again. My advice when coming here, Don't expect it to be as tacky as Roxy or Bliss, this is how a nightclub SHOULD be done. So dress the part, pay your money, come after 11 in my opinion, and then enjoy a fun night out with some of the best music and people that the city has to offer. I agree, this isnt Hollywood or New York, but come on! Orlando is on the uprise and is one of the largest centers for tourism in America, there is NO reason Orlando cant have nice places that rival, at the least, Miami. but it all starts with the population embracing the change for a better tomorrow in downtown Orlando nightlife.
This place was amazing, I visited this venue on a  Saturday night.  The atmosphere, ambiance, VIP waitresses, were all A++.  Tier also has all of the hottest girl in Orlando under one roof.  Highly recommend it if your in town!!!
Good times ahead! Only times I've been here are with friends for Bottle Service.  The VIP hostess was pleasant and of course quick to pour our drinks and make sure we were having a good time.  As for the club itself, it's a courtyard setup with bars along the perimeter on both first and second floor.  The second floor has room to people watch over the balcony, dance, and people who have VIP have seating areas.  The music is usually house with a little dubstep and hiphop at times.  I was able to request a song from the DJ by dropping a napkin into the DJ booth with my request written on it. The DJ booth sits between the 2nd floor and the 1st floor, allowing people on the 2nd floor to watch the DJ "Do his thing".  Chit chatted with the bartenders and barbacks and they seem to enjoy what they do.  Place is only open three nights a week- Thursday, Friday and Saturday? (Im certain about Friday and Saturday just not sure if the other day is Thursday or Sunday).  I've enjoyed myself each time I've been here.
This place sucks. We got in instantly (of course). But the bar can't make any good drinks (not even a Mojito, or any of the 5 next drinks we asked for), and worst of all - the music suuuuucks! Unimaginably bad!  We are out at nightclubs all over the world (Stockholm, Paris, New York) every week, but for 2 hours here, they played undanceable music that we had *never* heard before. Not *one* single song could we dance to. No one was dancing - no one.  We tried, we failed.  Dance club?  Nope.  If you want to stand around with dorks (mostly young guys), this is the place. If you want to dance, go somewhere else!  We tried, we failed.
terrible, shady business.  avoid this place unless you want terrible service and to be treated awful.  we were asked to leave a vip table for no reason and we still had over 1/2 a bottle remaining.  we had spent nearly $600 before being asked to leave.  The bouncer claimed they had another party for our table.  All of this on my fiance's bday!!!!
