First time here, and it was alright. Decent craft beer. They have Sweetwater which is a plus!  Outdoor patio is awesome. I had their buffalo wings, and they were marginal at best so my food experience was okay. With their awesome drink specials and the outdoor patio, my overall experience was good.
Wonderful for drinks and for dining. Craft beers and real food is here! Service is usually good and menu is extensive. Perfect for a business lunch downtown Orlando or even if you are an event planner.
Awful. We were tended to by two bartenders. The guy seemed to be the veteran while the girl was nice but embarrassingly undertrained. Maybe Friday night isn't the best night to introduce a new bartender. We ordered an appetizer and two entrees to go with our wine. I specifically stated that we wanted to "start with the beef skewer appetizer". 45 minutes later... No joke... They brought out a bland and underdressed mixed green salad. 25 seconds later, our appetizer arrived WITH our two entrees. The bartender seemed confused as to why we no longer wanted the appetizer. He claimed that most people like their appetizer served at the same time as their entrees. Really? Who are these people? I just looked at him with bewilderment as I tried to distinguish whether he really thought that was true or if he just couldn't come up with a half way decent excuse. The food was mediocre at best. Jessica's scallop pasta tasted like they boiled it right out of the box and plated it without ever seasoning the dish. My BBQ was only moderately more flavorful, which is embarrassing as it is quite difficult to remove the flavor from BBQ brisket. There are plenty of other options in downtown Orlando. Don't waste your time on bad food from undertrained and socially awkward bartenders.
I will preface my review by mentioning it is solely based off of drinks and atmosphere...not the food! My visits have mainly been on Sundays for a drink as I make my way around downtown for the quintessential 'Funday". I have never had a bad time here and the patio/outside section is simply amazing with lots of people, good drinks and a chill vibe. I have heard nothing but great things about the food here with brunch being a few friends favorite around the downtown area. I will most certainly have to partake in the food one day soon...an update with hopefully good words will follow!!
This place is specious with an amazing crowd of people. Cool inside with a large menu and cool outside since they have a million fans blowing everywhere to keep you cool. Good drinks and specials with a friendly staff and a great design for the bar overall ...one cool place!
Wonderful place to hang out. Awesome patio. Drink specials are great. Food is pretty good.
CHECK YOUR BAR TAB. We were overcharged severely at the bar on Sunday Funday. We bought bottomless mimosas and several other drinks for our friends who were vacationing with us...The bar tender added good and top shelf liquor to our order without us receiving said items. SO fun here honestly will be back but.... will find another bar tender and will definitely check each and every item again.
I have to say bravo to Ember's kitchen.  I haven't visited recently so not sure how long ago the menu changed but it's impressive.  We had a large group so service was a little bit disorganized but all of the meals that came out were great!  Empanadas are a must try.
I love this place as a venue for parties. I've only gone during private events and I've always really enjoyed myself. The indoor space is nice but the outside patio area is really great. The drinks are affordable and strong to ensure you have a great time ;-)
I have been here a few times for late night cocktails, but last time I was in Orlando we came in for dinner.  We sat outside in the nice courtyard and all enjoyed our food. The menu is nice because there really is something for everyone.  I ordered some boneless buffalo wings and potato wedges, which were really yummy.  My sister got a steak and blue cheese flat bread, which will always hit the spot! This place turns into an upscale bar at night and I have always had a ton of fun here.  Something tells me I will be back on a future O-town trip!
Some places rely on good food to bring in customers, others focus on craft beer or a huge wine selection or specialty cocktails, but of course, most Orlando restaurants survive solely on location and 'ambiance.' This is one of those 'places.' To be honest, I'm not really certain whether to call it a bar or restaurant. Beer selection is limited - nothing on draft - as is the wine selection. They are not known for their amazing or unique cocktails either. Similarly, the food is nothing to write home about. More of an afterthought than anything. Granted, the menu items look interesting, but they are rarely executed well--I imagine because all the food is pre-made and frozen. The real draw, in fact, I am certain it is the only reason this place is able to make money, is the location and decor. Someone clearly invested a load of money to build out both the interior and the beautiful patio. It is probably the nicest place to sit outside and have a drink in downtown. Combined with the reasonable prices, this place often fills up in the evenings if the weather is nice. All in all, it is not a bad place to have a drink, nor is it the worst place to grab a bite, but there are soooooo many other bars in downtown. Unless you get sucked in by the patio, keep walking.
What can I say other than this place continues to stand the test of time as place to congregate to in mass in highly competitive heart of downtown Orlando & let the good times roll! Is my original downtown get the weekend started or sometimes finished spot after discovering what the City Beautiful has to offer, hasn't disappointed!
I've been to Ember 2x and it was both for the Seersuckers & Sundresses parties thrown by T. Gaines Ent. The layout and decor are perfect and they have a full bar inside and outside on the patio. Perfect spot for a private party or a larger scale event like mentioned above. Right across the street from all the parking you could possibly need. The bartenders were pleasant and quick on both occasions! Really enjoyed myself. I would love to have my own personal event there or just go grab a bite.
Tapas bar? Middle Eastern? FFS, who is in charge of accurately describing this place? This is a bar. That's it. It's not El Bulli or the place you take your wife or gay best friend for your 50th anniversary, but it's a nice bar with decent food. Huge beer garden (that's what we call patios in Chicago), and a lot of room inside. The food wasn't outstanding, but it was pretty good for bar food. What sold me on this place though was the service. Our waitress looked kind of like post-op Ashlee Simpson. And I mean that in a good way. She was friendly enough and somehow navigated the happy hour with amazing efficiency. The croquetas and calamari digested well, and the next morning I left pieces of me neatly in the toilet.
Joey D from Mount Dora has a pretty spot on review (except for the bartender bit, more on that later) but I decided I'll expand a little since I figure the one star rating needs a little justification. According Kelly Fitzpatrick's review on Metromix Orlando, "the restaurant and bar is a $3.2 million Mediterranean-style beauty" and while that statement might be true - it's probably also one of the most unjustifiably pretentious bars in Downtown Orlando. But, I dunno, I may be going too far with that claim because there are a LOT of unjustifiably pretentious bars in Orlando. The "Mediterranean-style beauty" has zero international flavor when it comes to music. On a Saturday night, I walked in to the tunes of Blues Travelers and R.E.M., both fine artists respectively but for this supposedly "upscale", Tuscan designed bar? Sure, Ember, you can use cool Spanish tile but you can't play any music to match it? Ember is actually very lovely in design - it's indoor and outdoor spaces flow smoothly and really give you the sense that at any moment, you'll hear the crashing sounds of the ocean waves beyond an imaginary cliff (and not the shrieks of the passing train). But the ambiance is destroyed by the bar-goers. It's a sea of middle aged white men who look like they just finished tee time at a nearby golf resort (seriously, wearing Dockers and sneakers or flip flops ) while the cougars march angrily around in packs, pushing and clawing at each other to get to the bar first. There are a few 20-somethings littered about but they're usually getting pawed at by lechers hanging around major walkways or lounging oppressively around the DJ, begging him to play some girlish anthem. Oh, and the bar? One thing Ember has going for it is that there are plenty of bars throughout the place - so  you won't really have to fight douche bags for space at the bar, or wait too long for a drink but our smarmy bartender refused to honor our coupons for 1 complimentary drink. It went something like this: Him: "I can't accept these. They're really old, like, from when we first opened." Me: "Oh? But there isn't an expiration date printed on the coupon and it doesn't say anything about a grand opening - plus the DJ gave them to us and said we could use this. Can't you just honor them?" Him: "I can't accept them, like, they're really old." But, like, thanks for issuing out complimentary cards that don't have expiration dates printed on them. Here's a $1.00 tip for opening my $4.00 Yuengling because I'll never be able to find anyone trained enough to open the god damn thing. Let's just put it this way, if I had a choice between spending my hard-earned money on cover and drinks at Ember and being choked to death I would gladly hand you the noose. Just make it quick.
Lunch=YUMMO!  I know Ember is more well known for it's night life but the food...so note worthy!   I have been to ember on a number of occasions for lunch. The potato crochettas are a MUST...fried mashed potatoes with bacon and cheese? YES PLEASE!!!  These are basically overgrown mozzarella stick type amazingness but with better stuff!  Take cheesy mashed potatoes and blend them with melted cheddar cheese and real bacon bits then deep fry them and you get potato crochettas - can you say HOLY YUMMO?!?! I did!  The first time I had lunch here I indulged upon these and was hooked, now every time I go I have to order them.  They are so dense though they are a must share if you want to fit anything else in your belly during lunch.   Also, my go-to salad is the Asian steak salad.  I get this without the peanut dressing (substitute it with raspberry vinaigrette) because I am not a huge spicy fan.  This salad is HUGE (pic included) and has so many amazing colors!  It sits on a huge crisp pita plate that is delicious in itself.  It has nice, tender pieces of steak that are marinated and add so much zest to the plate. I adore sitting outside to enjoy nice weather and the beautiful surroundings.  In the daytime it is hard to believe this turns into a hopping bar at night.  The inside is gorgeous as well.  This is a lovely place to have lunch meetings or just an intimate meal with that special someone.  The staff is ok, I have never had a problem with them but I also don't have any certain time that sticks out as far as service.  They are somewhat quick if you ask them to be but otherwise, they don't rush you.   I love this place for lunch and to spend an evening out!
Tuesday, several friends and I met at Ember to celebrate and have a few drinks for a friend's 30th birthday. I was new to Ember, so I had no expectations. Sometimes it's best to have no expectations because the service at Ember was slower than watching paint dry. I had to wait at least twenty minutes before the bartender ended his conversation and asked me what I wanted. Throughout the evening I witnessed other baffled patrons attempt to flag down service. One annoyed patron actually grabbed a white napkin, attached it to a pen, and tried flagging down the bartender. The kicker was that there were probably only about 15 people in the bar at the time. I cannot imagine what it is like when they are busy. On the plus side, I used my i-phone drink ap to find a fun drink and the bartender actually made it (using the directions from my phone.) The trivia is ridiculously easy. My friends and I won 2 rounds in a row. However, the trivia host is a bit of a reckless misogynist, who blatantly showed a photo of a woman giving herself a breast exam. I KNOW! The food is mediocre at best. The portions are very generous. I ordered the shrimp appetizer which was fried and under seasoned. The birthday girl got the steak skewers and they were practically raw. My finance ordered the veggie burger sliders and thought they were pretty good. All in all, it was a fun night. The consensus: If you go to Ember with low expectations you will not be disappointed.
I love coming here before a show. The happy hour specials are good. The food is always top rate as well. I came here one Sunday for their endless bubble brunch. It was really good. I have heard rumors that they have even run out of champagne on certain Sundays. I tried to go again a few months ago, and was told they are not doing it anymore. My friend told me it was back (again.) The website isn't too helpful with the info so call and ask before going!
The surpising thing about Ember - this bar/lounge actually has GOOD FOOD.  I've been here numerous times and have always been impressed with my meals.  I'm a big fan of their sliders (grilled chicken, buffalo chicken, salmon or beef) which are served with the most delicious fries!   The flat breads are equally delicious.  Don't even get me started on the empanadas (don't tell my mom... but they are ALMOST as good as hers... almost!).  The food is surprisingly affordable despite the trendy atmosphere of the place. There is nothing better than spending an evening drinking and socializing under their large patio.  They have a large selection of drinks and specials nightly.  It's a great atmosphere to enjoy a lovely Central FL evening!
I really want to like Ember, I do, I do!  The location is great and the inside and exterior patio is super trendy cool.  Maybe that's it--maybe it's too super trendy cool. The website says it's reminiscent of European and Mediterranean social taverns.  I've been to Europe and lived in Italy and this place doesn't really possess the European flair.  I can see that it wants to though.   There's something missing at Ember--the people don't seem really present, the service is disinterested and slow,  the music seems to be playing because it's supposed to...Ember lacks energy.  The three times I've gone--I've felt disengaged and artificial.  Maybe it's the palm trees.  I don't know. The food is subpar.  The shrimp appetizer was pretty bland, the spinach,. feta and mushroom flatbread was seasoned well and tasty and the bruschetta was good but it's much better elsewhere.  Again, the food is lacking love, flavor and vitality. The Good: Various bars Large outside patio with tables Great place for a large group to chat and mingle The Bad: Decent food slow service lack of authenticity
If I could give this place zero stars I would.   I visited Ember for the first (and last) time last night.  My friend made a reservation for 10 people over a week ago, in anticipation of her birthday celebration.  We arrived at the restaurant and were taken to a table that would comfortably seat 8 people, but only had 5 chairs... for 10 people.  The waitress lackadaisically stated that other customers had taken the chairs and that the restaurant staff would look for other chairs to bring over.  She proceeded to take our drink order and later our food orders.  15 minutes later we still didn't have enough chairs.   8 of our 10 entrees came out without a hitch.  I had the hummus platter, which was very bland.  I also sampled one of the flatbreads that was topped with chicken and poblano, which was okay.  The salads that some of my dining companions ordered were very large and looked delicious.  We found two more chairs after people seated at the table next to us left... so the chair situation was finally resolved.   Most of our table was finished eating by the time our server came back over 20 minutes later to ask how everyone was doing.  We pointed out that two of the entrees had never come out.  So she stated that she would go to the kitchen to check on them.  15 minutes later she brought out the remaining entrees as if nothing was wrong and then left again.  It was at least another 45 minutes before the server came back with our checks.   Oh, one thing that I forgot to mention is that before taking the orders the waitress stated that she would need one credit card to hold all the orders at the table.  She insisted that it wouldn't be charged but I was there with a group of people that casually know each other and couldn't help but wonder what would have happened if someone walked out without paying their tab.  Would the restaurant have charged the fees to whoever's credit card was used to hold the table?  Because I can tell you right now, that you all would have seen me on the news if they tried to charge anything that I didn't consume to MY card. Now, last night was busy because a lot of people were there watching the UF/UK game.  But, when I go to a restaurant I am paying for and expect to receive a certain level of service which was completely missing at Ember.   One plus is that the venue is really nice.  I love the decor and the indoor and outdoor areas.  So if you're going there to grab a drink or two, or watch a game you should enjoy it.
I knew Ember served a small menu of food, but it was never on my list of "places I must try."  Yet, this past Friday, my boyfriend and I had an excellent meal there.  The prices were extremely reasonable and our waitress was very pleasant.  The noise level was high considering it was prime happy hour time but in the same sense, it made for a fun and exciting kick-off to the weekend. I opted for the salmon spinach salad and was defnitely not let down.  The salmon tasted magnificent and the portion size was perfect.  My boyfriend went for a flatbread sandwich and also was really impressed.   If you do make it there before 7pm their drink specials are great.
If you're looking for a nice relaxing evening out in Orlando, I would pick Ember any day of the week.  Not only for the Wednesday Winesday specials, which is $20 for all you can drink wine and your choice of an appetizer or select flatbread (seafood excluded), but they have After Dark specials which include deals on Michelob ULtra, Yuengling, and Van Gogh vodkas. It is by far my favorite bar in Orlando. Not much if you're looking to dance, but a great environment with both an indoor and an outdoor seating area, mulitple TVs which usually showcase some type of sports game, and the occasional live music. When there is cover, its usually $5, but weeknights there is no cover, and they offer cover specials from time to time too. A $5 parking garage is directly accross the street at the Wachovia building, but its also close enough to the on street free parking on Central and Rosalind to walk. Great for locals and tourists alike!
I'm pretty sure I got food poisoning last night from my meal at Ember.  I ordered the grilled veggie flatbread sandwich- something I've had there before and thoroughly enjoyed.  I've never sent a meal back and had to send a grilled vegetable sandwich back, one of the least complicated meals I could have ordered.  The first time I was served the meal, the vegetables were completely raw and there were hardly any - basically only  iceberg lettuce and some tomatoes.  I sent that back.  The second time the meal came to me, the cook had just added more lettuce and heated the sandwich a bit. Still not a grilled vegetable sandwich. I sent that back. Luckily, I had the nicest waitress in the world assigned to my table and she was very sweet, accommodating, and apologetic for the food which she too thought was not correctly prepared.   The third time the meal was brought out, it was an improvement but certainly wasn't worth the $9 I paid for it.  That's right- after sending a meal back twice, the meal wasn't comped nor were any sincere apologies made by the manager.  And after all that, I was very sick to my stomach an hour later.  What did the cooks do to my sandwich behind the scenes to make me so sick, I wonder. I guess the manager of Ember plans to get through this recession by offering cheap drinks and crappy food.  Best of luck to your sub-par establishment.
I really love Ember as a bar for a night out! I'm not much into the club scene, but Ember is pretty laid back, and GREAT for people-watching! The options of being indoors or outside are great... You can decide if you'd rather be in the AC indoors, or in the elements (Florida humidity, soooo not good for my hair) outside! They are always playing great music/videos, too! So much fun! It's always a really high energy vibe, which keeps me upbeat on those late nights when I've been thinking about just heading home to climb into bed (I'm such a party pooper sometimes). I also happen to have personal experience with the very friendly bouncers... On my 26th birthday, Ember was my spot of choice! At some point I slipped and fell, landed in some glass, and sliced my leg open. I suddenly had FOUR bouncers surrounding me making sure I was ok. The options they gave me were band-aids or an ambulance... Ha! I opted for the band-aids (and proceeded to spend 3 hours in the walk-in clinic the next morning getting stitches), and they gave me some free drink cards. The next time I went in, which was probably a month later, one of the bouncers recognized me and asked me how my leg was! Crazy nice! I still haven't tried the food at Ember (they are open for both lunch and dinner), but I hear it's great and I still really want to try it!! Def a place to hit up for a night out!
Ember ranks among the Orlando institutions that those of us that live Downtown want to truly hate (along the lines of Graffiti Junktion) due to the 'regulars' that have taken over. But we have to admit, every time we go, we have a GREAT time. We know there is a cover most evenings though we have never had to pay it. Judging by the BEAUTIFUL decor, drinks should cost your electric bill money but there are always fantastic specials on booze that intelligent people actually like to drink. While we question Ember's hiring practices (one look at the predominantly buxom, very pretty bartenders causes this concern), we have never had anything but prompt, knowledgeable service. EVERY TIME we go, we enjoy ourselves thoroughly, regardless of our predisposition. This place is truly an exception to the general douchebaggery that pervades Downtown Orlando and should be a must-stop for locals and tourists alike. We chalk this oasis up to the assumed yet very rarely achieved concept of proper management. Kudos, Ember! And thank you!
Ember was a pleasant surprise. My husband planned a date night for us which also was surprising :) He took me to Ember, it was about 50 degrees out tonight and we ate outside in the outdoor seating area. We were right next to a heat lamp so it was very nice. It was definitely a bar with the big flat screen displaying the Magic game and the music didn't seem to fit what the place was going for but it was enjoyable. It was loud so don't plan on having a serious dinner and conversation, it was sort of hard to do. It's a great gathering place or a hangout before you go to another venue. We did have dinner there on our way to Sak Comedy Lab. We didn't really go inside the main part of the bar but what we saw was beautiful. The food was absolutely delicious. My husband had the chicken tortilla soup while I had a Caesar salad which was incredible. Next came the Empanadas which is a must!!! Huge portion too! Then we split the baked ziti. It was almost too much. Prices were great. We both had drinks as well as coffee and we managed to get out of there only paying $53 including tip. This would be a great place on a warm night to just hang out and enjoy the setting. We would definitely go back. Our server was very friendly, fast and we didn't feel neglected at all even though we were sitting on the outskirts of the courtyard. She was very attentive. The only one thing I would change would be the bright green lights they turned on that were pretty much directed at us. I felt like we were in a spotlight. They came on shortly after we got there. It would have been perfect the way it was originally. I give it 4 stars! :)
Fellow Yelpers, I have been to Ember on several occasions, but I have never taken the time to review it.  I will now state the obvious, I decided to review it today. This is a great place to hang out both indoors and outdoors.  The outdoor area is very well designed and it's just a great layout with three separate bars to keep your liver on DEFCON 1. During my last two visits I have enjoyed the company of my then future girlfriend who happens to now be my girlfriend (damn, here I go stating the obvious once more).  The first time just so happened to be more or less my first official "date" with her.  We had a damn blast then and this past Friday. I have never tried the food at this place since my friends have told me some stories about cold appetizers, too-long waits, no service for about an hour and the list goes on.  However, being the open minded free thinking entrepreneur that I am, I am willing to at some point, given the right opportunity, try their offerings. Drinks wise they have a good team of bartenders.  Our most recent bartender, in the outdoor patio area bar served up some strong drinks for us.  What more or less pissed me off were these wanna-be cigar aficionados who decided to set up a paper mill right next to where we were sitting.  I don't mind cigars, they're cool and all, but I am not in a cigar bar for a reason.  I could have just gone inside, but the night was beautiful and we wanted some fresh air.  Instead we ended up getting Cuban quality air (bad cigar joke). Anyway, this is a fun place and I recommend it for a chill night of drinks or prior to hitting up the clubs around the area. Over and out.
Cool place! First time going. A little slow last night. But overall great environment great spot to chill and have some drinks, and pretty decent food for a bar! I can honestly say I'll be back.
My lady and I have been making a monthly stop at Ember when we're in the mood for some light grazing and a nice atmosphere.  The establishment has never disappointed us.  For the most part, you can expect the clientele here to be mostly young professionals, hip downtown locals and business men/women.  I personally love the Mediterranean themed outside and the warm, earthy inside.   The service has always been efficient, friendly and attentive. The servers and bartenders are sincerely personable, which is refreshing. I don't feel like they're making conversation or putting on a show just to increase their tip potential. One server was kind enough to hand us invitations to Ember's 3 year anniversary celebration.. score! We always get the same thing when it's just the two of us. Tomato Basil Flatbread and Grilled Salmon Spinach Salad with Sun-dried Tomato Vinaigrette. My only gripe about their flatbread is the basil. I prefer they use whole basil leaves instead of thinly cutting the leaves and scattering them across the flatbread. Nonetheless, it's still delicious and reminds me of Margherita Style Pizza. The Grilled Salmon is always cooked to perfection. Flaky and moist atop freshhh greens. The crunch of the salad and the melt in your mouth warmth of the Salmon is heavenly.  I've yet to try their daily specials, but will begin to make it a point going forward.  The menu staples that I''ve had and seen always look tantalizing.  I bet their daily specials are equally as impressive. I've also been to Ember a couple of occasions with a party of at least 5 during a packed dinner service, and our service was still executed well. Having dinner in the evening, on their outside patio is a fabulous experience. It's sort of like being at a Mediterranean resort with kaleidoscopal ambient lighting, a lively atmosphere, great food and great drinks!  Not to mention my 10 year High School reunion was held here last year.  Again, Ember was accommodating with empeccable service. The place is clutch.
Beautiful lounge/bar in downtown Orlando. Went here with friends and was taken aback by how beautiful the inside is. There's a large upstairs and downstairs area for mingling. The crowd was great and the bartenders were all very friendly. Was also very excited that they had Pumpkinhead Ale, my new favorite beer! Will definitely be back whenever I visit Orlando again.
I generally don't like this place for anything but the ambiance.  It really is a beautiful location, but as I always saw, I can't eat the location.  I haven't found one dish I like enough to repeat but I am absolutely in love with their chicken empanadas and beef skewers! I actually dreampt about the empanadas. So my advice would be spare yourself and go straight for the appetizers! FYI: pepsi products
The service here was good. We had a birthday party here for my roommate. We planned to just have drinks but forgot it was still dinner so we didn't make a reservation.  They gave us a table and let us add about 5 extra people to the group.  They let us bring in our own cake. Our waitress Patty was really attentive. Especially considering that she had a huge party of about 20 also. She tracked our individual tabs without error. The drink specials started at 10pm which were $3 vodka drinks. Sweet. I didn't sample the food, but I've had some here in the past at different Yelp events. It's pretty good. There is also a food runner who looks like Robert Pattinson circa Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
Having not gone there late night I still give the place five stars. We dropped by on a sunday afternoon and ate small plate foods in the really nicely decorated Mediterranean environment.  Definitely the outside area was the nicest.  There are several bars scattered around the property, some with big screen TVs.   Sundays are kind of laid back, so based on all of the above I decided to have my birthday dinner here.  That turned out really well as they combined several high top tables for 20 people in my preferred outside area (maybe not possible on a Friday or Saturday).  Everyone ate small plate meals which were inexpensive but filling enough to sway the budget over to drinks. Hats off and thanks. Dafe
I've been here quite a few times, just to start the night. I like the fact that it has a pretty cool outside area, it's very nice to look at in general and the staff is pretty much ok.  Nothing else really stands out as memorable, so it's one of those places that you just have to bring a group of friends to make it a fun night if you plan on spending time here. It also seems like a sub-par place to watch a game at, if you're not really planning on paying much attention to what's going on.  As far as the food, meh.  I ordered veggie burger sliders and asked (jokingly, since it's a bar) if they were made in-house.  The bartender said 'Actually they are!'.  Really?  This should be interesting...  Out come my sliders.  Which are...mashed potatoes, incorporated with some garlic and other veggies thrown into a pan and fried for a few minutes to brown them.  My level of being impressed was about 0 on a scale of 1-5. So, lesson learned is:  skip the food if you're going for anything veggie related (in all they're not very veggie friendly) and start the night off here.  Then move on to some other place and have a good night!
..located next to the fire station in downtown Orlando. I absolutely love this place. the split area for the outside and inside is a good touch. The bar is big and the drinks are moderately cheap. This place is good for groups and parties, also a great place to meet new people as well. Also, the Ropa Vieja flatbread is dee-lish and serving size for most of the entrees are big and flavorful. Highly recommend this place!
Sunday Funday is the best day at ember! How can you not love $10 bottomless mimosas! Enough said
I like the spaciousness of this inside outside bar/restaurant.  I feel like you can have any birthday party/celebration here.  I've been here to dance the night away and to just chill, so I think the versatility of Ember works to their advantage. Service is usually pretty good even though on a few occasions we've had to wait quite awhile for drink but that's not the usual so....
I went to Ember for the first time on Saturday night. Its a really cool bar. From the outside it looked like a lot of the other "clubs" in downtown Orlando. So, I was expecting a lot of fake tans, douche bags and blow outs. But, surprisingly, I didn't see any. Or if I did, I blocked them from my memory! I really liked the set up of Ember. Lots of open spaces. And there is a huge outside patio area. Drinks were not outrageous, and it looked like they were serving food. All around cool place to go downtown Orlando.
Great atmosphere, drinks are kinda pricey, and the food is decent! Love the outdoor bar when the weather is nice!  Great place to mingle and meet new people.
I finally made it out to Ember recently to attend a social networking event that was being hosted there. Honestly have to say that the four stars I am giving for this review are mostly due to atmosphere. If you walk in to the main entrance for the bar, it seems pretty standard--bars. tables spread throughout. Even that area is a pretty spacious one as far as bars are concerned. But if you venture to the other side of Ember, the outdoor patio, prepare to have your mind blown. Not only is at an open-air outdoor patio in the heart of downtown, but also it is a huge one at that. There is a full bar on the patio, plus a variety of outdoor alcoves (including a VIP section). Having said all of that, for such a spacious place with two beautiful bars, I felt like the drink selection was a little lacking. They seemed to have any type of beer you could ask for in bottles, but not much on draft. I'd give Ember 5 stars for ambiance, and maybe 3 for a bizarrely lacking drink selection= 4 stars overall. ...also, I have not yet been to Ember for lunch or dinner. I am hearing great things from a lot of fellow Yelpers. Looks like I will have to try their food and update this review afterwards!
Sunday Funday is the best day at ember! How can you not love $10 bottomless mimosas! Enough said
A small group of us was supposed to meet up with a big group of people to celebrate graduating from law school. We had reserved a section to hang out in and were all ready to go have fun. However, our good friend who is black and also just received his Juris Doctorate was not allowed in because of his "excessively baggy pants."  Though not inherently racist it was the tone and the way they presented the information. It first started with them explaining that they don't let people with jeans in, shortly after, a few people walked in with jeans. Without ranting too much, I just have to say that it was very eye opening to see this kind of "rule enforcement" taking place.
Not a fan.  Food unimpressive and overpriced, service really slow.
I've paid Ember quite a few times for late night meets up. The outdoor area is completely rad with a main bar supported by two other bars on either side. You'll never have a problem getting a drink. The music tends to lean to popular dance beats, but there's a healthy mix of rap, rock, and R&B so there's a good chance something is playing you can jig to. I've only had samples of what they offer for food but everything I had was definitely yummy delicious.
Love the ambience and the crowd and of course the food! only downfall - No desserts! I ordered the salmon sliders with potato wedges.. the downfall to the salmon patties is thin patties! This is def our hot spot on a night of downtown orlando! Def go there for happy hour if you want good deals on drinks and apps!
This is always where my friends and I end our nights on Friday and Saturday.  Great inside and outside seating with two DJs playing.  The music can be a bit loud for talking, so just don't make this a date night place if you're looking to get to know someone. Love the atmosphere and the food is pretty nice too.  Try the hummus, you won't be sorry!
I have to say I had come here without even reading a single review (how adventurous of me) and boy was I left with a smile on my face! It was a friends birthday party and we were going to go to a club after dinner and im thinking "ughh eating and then dancing?.. no way"  so while I was reading their menu I saw they had flatbreads. I ordered the spinach, mushroom and feta. WOW! The flavors came together extraordinarily. It wasnt smothered with toppings or all soggy. It was crispy, crunchy and delightful. It had a good 9 pieces and left me satisfied, not full, all for 8$. I also had the opportunity to try the tomato and basil flatbread (a little on the garlic side) which wasn't good for the whole "lets try and meet cute guys" plan. I also tried their potato wedges and even those were delicious; crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Just delightful! Highly recommend it for whoever wants to have a quick light bite before heading out to downtowns clubs and bars.
Really great atmospehere...it can be as chill or as lively as you make it.   The DJs are good and play lots of different music from old school rap and MJ to Lady Gaga.   The outdoor patio is my favorite place!  Big and spacious, feels very Euro...but not pretentious.
Great bar! Great bar! Great bar!  I keep hearing this over and over about Ember.  They must be doing something right to be getting lots of attention. As someone who has been there several times as a bar and as a guest eating there, I have to say I like it when there is less people. Beautiful decor and having seating inside and outside have made this a popular spot in Downtown Orlando.   Friday and Saturday nights are packed, and those are actually the nights I stay away.  It just gets too crowded to relax and have a good time.  Every other night there is great to come in, grab a glass of wine or dinner and chill out. In competition with Urban Flats' Wine Down Wednesdays, they have Winesday now, and it seems to be a hit.  People are trying to get away from the crowds at Urban Flats, and go somewhere a bit more peaceful. Sounds right up my alley! But not only is Ember just a bar, it is a restaurant - a very good one at that!  They have terrific salads, flatbreads, and sliders, especially the chicken sliders with the side sauce, mmmmmm!  You must try these! Now that the weather is cooling down (a bit) it is nice to sit outside for lunch or dinner at Ember. You will be satisfied with their menu, and eat in style.  So if you are one of those people who have just grabbed drinks there on the weekend, check it out on a Tuesday or Wednesday, and also for lunch or dinner.
Went here last night for the Tito Beveridge event and had a great time. We got there early and it wasn't crowded at all. An hour went by and that place was packed! I've never been to Ember, however walked by it many times. It really is a cool place with an incredible patio situated right under the skyline of Orlando. We drank free Tito's Vodka from 8-10pm and needless to say, we got trashed.(that raspberry drink they made was KILLER)  I'm definitely going back here. This is a great place to go and get a drink. For you guys out there not attending Yelp events, you really are missing something. Free food and drink is something ole Gus just can't stay away from. I uploaded a couple of pics.
There's a new hot spot in town and it's no surprise that it's located in downtown Orlando. Ember, a Mediterranean themed restaurant and bar finally opened last week after a long wait and much anticipation from the locals. It is located where Kate O'Brien's Irish Pub once stood and caters to a slightly older crowd than most of the other places in the downtown area, late 20s to 40s. A more sophisticated, upscale kind of place, without that snobbish feel though. While the inside/outside layout is similar to Kate O'Brien's the building is completely different and way more gorgeous. Spanish tile adorns the walls and floors, leather backed chair fill the bar and seating areas and even the bathrooms are amazingly decked out. The challenge, however, with this place is trying to beat the crowds at the bars and throughout the whole place. It's not everyday a new bar pops up and when it does, people take full advantage. Prices are average, starting at $4.50 and going up to $8 or more depending on what you order of course. Not the cheapest, but not as bad as some of the other places around. The sound throughout the place, both inside and outside is impressively even and not overly intense as is the case with most night time hangouts. You can actually hear yourself talk and speak...what a concept! Overall, this place is pretty cool, but I would wait until the excitement dies down before checking it out.
This downtown hotspot certainly lives up to it's reputation.  Great location, upscale atmosphere, huge crowd, and surprisingly good drink prices. The location itself is off of Central and Orange, plenty of nearby parking.  The inside has been remodeled from it's previous owner and it's quite beautiful w/ subtle Spanish decor.  One of the most upscale establishments in the downtown area.  The best part would have to be the HUGE outdoor patio which includes an outdoor bar.  Great for some freah air and people watching. The cover on a Saturday night is $5 (for ladies), not bad at all.  The drinks are good depending on what you order.  I ordered Captain and Cokes for $3.50.   My friend ordered Vodka Cranberrys for $5.50, and another friend ordered an Appletini for $6.50. I don't normally go downtown before 11pm, but I would go early for Ember as the place gets packed.  This is definitely my new downtown spot.
While the atmosphere is great not much else is.  I have been to Ember for lunch, dinner and drinks and EVERY single time the service is horrible.  I can understand a slow server when the place is busy but the service is consistently beyond slow. On top of the bad service the drinks are over priced and extremely small. The food is ok but nothing spectacular. The only time I dare to go to Ember anymore is when someone else drags me there.  It's just not worth it.
The empanadas were great! If you order them, ask them not to cut them in half. I know it hurts the overall presentation, but since I was eating them alone, they went cold too quickly. The cornmeal-breaded calamari was pretty good too.
I have been to Ember quite a few times now and I always have fantastic experiences. Everything I have ever eaten has been fantastic. I mostly stick to the flat breads when I frequent because that's what I dig. But I did attend an event there not too long ago and they were just serving us food left and right and the empanadas (sp ?) were absolutely to die for! I dream about them. Who knows how many I ate. The ambiance of this joint is absolutely amazing and it's gorgeous! This may sound weird but I adore the bathrooms. Every time I go here I have a great time! I love to sit outside it's just such a chill place to hang. The drinks are extremely reasonable as well. If I sat here for an hour I probably couldn't come up with anything bad to say about Ember. So just go there and enjoy it. Yummy!! I'm on my way now!
This is a great place for a ladies night out! There's a bar in the center of the patio with a DJ. The atmosphere was nice and the no roof top view of downtown skyscrapers had a very urban feel. Great appetizers and yummy drinks :)
Normally I am instantly drawn to a place by its atmosphere; although Ember had a nice vibe I was standing for 10 minutes before heading to the bar to ask if I could seat myself. No one came to seat me or ask if I was okay. Having been recommended the restaurant, I had high hopes of my food caliber. Unlike the greeting, my waitress was very attentive with respect to checking up on me several times before I ordered as a result of wanting to pick the perfect meal. The restaurant lost points because it offered Chicken Tortilla soup (the only available one) and at 8'oclock there was none or it had not been made; nevertheless, it was not available. I chose the Seared Scallop salad and was really excited. When I asked my waitress what the contents were she mentioned them and I could let her know my food allergies; however, she did not mention it had cheese when detailing the salad, something I am also really intolerant to. I did not make her take it back, but was really unsatisfied and the salad was very bland without flavor. Needless to say, Ember did not light my fire.
Beautiful outdoor patio and courteous friendly staff, but terrible food. I had the mushroom white pizza flatbread and it was awful. The BBQ pizza was the worst though. Great ambiance for drinks, but eat elsewhere.
Few times I've ever walked out of a restaurant, but no so deserving as my experience at Ember. It was after a Magic home game. Walked in, place was not packed, but steady business. No greeter to seat us at a table. We chose our own spot, table of ten. No worries, it's more bar than restaurant so didn't mind that. It took 12mins before anyone came over and that was after a buddy of mine went to the bartender to ask for a server.. Mindful we were a napkins throw from the bar. The waitress finally came and asked us if we wanted menus.. No, we just sat down for fun. She brings us menus and takes drink and appetizer orders. Thirty minutes pass by and she comes back with drinks and the one app we ordered. And says she brought everything out as soon as it was done. I asked for a manager. Short guy, slight blonde beard. (I hope the owner reads this). She told him we wanted to speak to him and he glanced over and then went to the back of the restaurant. At that point, we knew our money wasn't welcome and got up to leave. Didn't touch the food, didn't sip the drink. Manager came outside because someone left a phone at the table. I told him the issue and he looked as if there was no problem waiting that long for service or drinks. This place is a nice venue and has great day parties.. But I won't be back because of the blatant disrespect myself and party were subject to
Last time I went, there were two staff members standing at the door but only one was working. The line was long even though the place was empty. it did not need to be long. It was a tactic on their part to try to look busy. Once we got in, we went to the outside bar to order a drink. My guy friends were ignored so they told me, an attractive female, to go to the bar in order to place our drink order. Didnt work. So we went to the indoor bar. There we were given a hard time ordering with a certain group-coupon.  When we received our drinks 15 minutes later, we were disappointed to say the least. That is when I convinced the group to take our business elsewhere.   A previous time we went, we were given a hard time getting VIP straightened out. I am not sure what the problem was but it eventually got worked out and we were finally allowed to go to our VIP area, but that was after a lot of standing around wondering what is the hold up. They are new to the VIP thing so they aren't that good at it yet.
This place is huge with plenty of outdoor and indoor sitting
I love this place! Especially when the weather is a bit breezy/ or chilly! One  bar inside, three bars outside- including a private V.I.P. bar in the very back.. Lots of comfy high tops throughout the property, very spacious! Bathrooms inside and outside, always very clean.
I've been here a few times and the service often varies. I love the atmosphere and the drinks vary as well depending on the server. I never had the food here yet. But in all the place is ok.
Great atmosphere at this bar!  DJ plays awesome music but the music is not too loud so you can still talk over it.  Sunday afternoon/evening is a great time to visit.  Lori is an awesome bartender and definitely knows her drinks!  Looking forward to going back soon!
Love the outdoor patio.  Sundays are always busy and fun.  Food is also very good.  Not the kind of place you can go solo, you must enjoy it with a group.
Ember on Sunday is the place to be. Of course, the crowd, as I, is into the live DJ and his spinning hits, good drinks, fun company, food if you get hungry, and an outdoor patio that invites you to linger into the evening. Last time I had empanadas and before that quesadillas, and I liked the food both times. It's encounters with people that make life worth living. This place offers that and more.
Beautiful bar - the outside area is stunning.  Former Kate's regulars would have a hard time recognizing the place at all.  The food is average, or slightly above that.  Like a lot of places downtown, the crowd really does vary from day to day, or even hour to hour.  Drink prices are reasonable, and the Friday happy hour specials make it a great option.
We have started going to this place at least once a week. Great food, good drinks at a reasonable price and a nice atmoshphere. Also I love that they always keep Ember clean and looking great.   I always go to Kyle when he bartends on weekends. He is great,  very friendly and attentive to your needs and remembers what you like and don't like. I really recommend this place.
A really nice facility, the outdoor area is very nice. Crowd was good , music just so so.
I really dig this place.  It's a nice place to go for happy hour or just to hang with friends on a Friday or Saturday night.  The ambience is nice and it's a great place to people watch without feeling smoothered or like you're in the typical meat market venues.  They serve relatively inexpensive appetizers which are pretty tasty.  Everything I've tried on the menu has been yummy.  The customer service each time I've gone has always been top notch.  Nice, trendy hang out place.
Simply the gorgeous outdoor patio is enough to draw me into this place. Those sofas, along with the palm trees, along with the lighting are very pretty. Now that it is getting chilly this is the perfect chill spot. It's one of my favorite bars to stop by on a Friday night especially since they have the 2-4-1 specials from 11 p.m to 1 a.m along with free entry. Since there are several different bars there is not much of a wait on drinks. The blue long islands are a must try from here! I would recommend this place for those looking for a chill pregame spot on a Friday night.
I stumbled on this bar shortly after it opened, and I was very pleased with it!  Fun, comfortable, modern...and not overly expensive.  This is a great place to go with a group of people because there is actually space.  I love the outdoor area, it's huge and reminds me of Ft. Lauderdale or something.  The multiple bars, outdoor heaters and great drink selection would make it a great place for a party.
Ember's food is good but their service still is lacking.  They are SLOOOWWW!   I keep going back because my husband frequents this place and he like its and it's convenient but it still doesn't impress me that much.  We waited one night for 1 1/2 hours for the owner to show up because he kept telling my husband he was on the way...... they guy never showed.  He did apologize later but come on - it starts at the top.  If he doesn't care, why should his employees?  The outdoor tuscun ambiance is what keep people going back.  I give them 5 stars for the decor and atmosphere.
We went to ember  for the mardi gras pub crawl.  The music is great.   The place is very spacious.  The restrooms are clean.  There are three bars but it isn't enough.  We had to wait for a long time to get our drinks.  Over all we had a great time.
Love Ember, staff and ambiance is best in Orlando!  Highly recommended.
Went here for a late night dinner and drinks. I really liked the menu, alot of great stuff on there. Shared around with the three of us that went...YUM. Service was really good also. Once it gets later though it can get a little busy so if you want seating I would try to get there a lil early!!
Perhaps one of my favorite downtown spots - I love the atmosphere and my friends and I always have a blast! Drinks are a little bit pricey... but eh, that's downtown for ya!
The food is the best in Downtown Orlando.
Great place to hang out with group of people. Pretty loud for me since I'm a soft spoken person. I enjoyed the music, don't think I want to try their food though. Maybe sometime..
Was here for a pub crawl.  Outdoor area was spacious and there was plenty of music to accompany the lingerie football game on tv.  I will definitely have to review this place again when I get the chance to enter it sober and maybe order some food. But for now, 4 stars!
I have been to Ember quite a few time and it is definitely a place to stop, have a drink, mingle, and maybe even have a bite. The food is well above bar food and the inside and outside options are great for a central florida bar. I still have not tried any of their desserts, as that is my thing. Not even sure what they offer, I suppose the desserts I have at Ember are in the form of libations.
This is a large, open lounge with an upscale vibe, great drink menu and decent appetizers and menu items. It is generally very busy so if you I would go early if you want to secure a table and hang out for a while. There is an older adjacent garage that is $10 for the ground level and $5 for the upper floors. It is a little dumpy but it is right next to the venue.
I really liked the energy and ambiance here. Nice open space, didn't get crowed, bartenders made good drinks, and the DJ kept the energy up.  Mixed crowd 21+ which made the crowd mature (for that night). Nothing beats being at an outside club during the fall in FL. I recommend checking this club out, b/c the cover is free before 11pm,the drinks are priced reasonable, and they usually have a drink special which is always a plus.
kind of hit or miss, though the atmosphere is always 5 stars on the patio when it's nice out. makes you feel all chic and important-like! i've had dinner and drinks here twice, and the first visit was better than the second, minus the kind of yucky buffalo chicken sliders i ate. however, it was halloween, so the crowd was fun and our waitress was a sweetheart. the second time around, for a friend's birthday celebration, i ordered the tuna nicoise salad which was quite delicious (the tuna was fresh and tasty, something i was a bit worried about), but our waitress was woefully inattentive and the music was WAY TOO LOUD. the drinks are also a bit weak and way pricey. fortunately, the environment alone will probably keep me coming back!
Cool vibe in this bar. Great atmosphere, and I was pleasantly surprised by the crowd. Great mix and good times to be had by everyone.
disinterested service, stained and wrinkled menus, pricy drinks. Could have been a nice locale. Nothing out of the ordinary on the menu, though u dont get quite what you pay for.
Nice, open place. Great music! Op
Bartenderette seemed to know how to make a Manhattan. Just didn't have vermouth. To many times have I been asked how. So. I gave it 4 stars.
Attended a charity event at Ember... Wasn't really planning on eating, but when i saw some of the food coming out... It tempted me enough to grab a seat and a menu! My absolute favorite had to be the Potato Crochettas! What is better than Potatoes, Cheeses, and Bacon all fried into one!? The patio seating is killer... feels like your in a chic bar in Mexico! I am all about experience dining, so if a restaurant can make me feel like i've traveled around the world with not only the decor, but the food... IM SOLD! Check it out, you won't be disappointed! (Great Drink Specials on Sundays!!!)
FINALLY!!  A club with clean bathrooms!  Like, you can smell the bleach!  Amazing!  I feel like I'm not contracting a disease there, unlike most places downtown.  The decor is great, and Sunday afternoons are now so much better after having discovered this place.  The only downfall was the food-I ordered flatbread which was pretty good, but I never got the delicious fries I was looking forward to that were supposed to come as a side.  I'll overlook it, though, because the staff and ambiance is great!
went on a friday night. nice crowd. very spacious open patio area. only down side was, i wished they had more tables and chairs outside. i'd go back to try the food and happy hour next time!
Great layout: a fair amount of space and seating, a large beer garden/patio/outdoor area, and great old Spanish architecture. There are heaters for chilly nights, and the DJ is friendly and with good taste in the Eighties, modern rock and Top 40 music genres. The drinks are delicious; the bartenders don't skimp on the drinks. There are several TVs, and the floors are kept clean.
This bar is gorgeous. I'd say the prettiest bar in downtown Orlando hands down. I was here the day after its opening and several times since and have yet to be disappointed. The inside is larger with a huge rectangular bar in the the center and tables on the outer edges. The whole place has a Tuscan village feel and things really heat up on the fabulous patio. Ember is home to the largest patio downtown. It has various levels and makes you feel as if you are on vacation in a beautiful Spanish resort. There are 3 bars, a large rectangular one in the middle and two on higher levels along the perimeter. There are plenty of high bar tables and chairs along with ornate decor wrap around railings and columns. The drinks are good and surprisingly not too expensive, I had their signature martini. But I really love the food, this bar has a menu with tons of options and small bites to enjoy along with your drink. We had a BBQ chicken flat bread which was scrumptious and the burger slides which came out super juicy and tender with all the fixins. The only draw back I've found with Ember are the bathroom lines, the inside line can take over 20 minutes to get through. That is extreme for what would be considered an upscale club not an outdoor concert. Find the outdoor restrooms, still a line but lesser so. But aside from that Ember is a wonderful edition to downtown Orlando unlike anything we've had prior.
We came for the Uncorked at Ember on a Wednesday evening and was pleasantly surprised.  This is an all you can eat and drink event that occurs from 5-9 on Wednesdays.  This is a great space to host such an event as you have an indoor and outdoor area.  We got there around 6 PM and it wasn't very packed, but it picked up as the evening went on. We were able to get a seat at the bar.  The staff was really nice and kept the wine and beer flowing.  The only "downside" is that they only had one beer to choose from.  So if you are a beer drinker, just know that going in. The food selection was actually very good as well.  They had tacos, pizza, jalapeno poppers, and meatballs.  You reall can't beat this for $20 or $15 with the living social deal.  Just remember to tip your bartenders.  They are working hard! I will definitely be back on a Wednesday night!
First off, I've never been here for food, so I can't comment on the food. I have a love/hate relationship with Ember. On some nights I love it, such as when the weather is nice, and it's nice to hang out on the outdoor patio. Other nights I hate it, because the music is way too loud and its hard to have a conversation with anyone at this place, and its not really a club, its more like an inside/outside lounge after 9. I'm not sure why they keep the music so loud. Anyway, this place has some great drink specials, which is why I keep coming back. For example, on Friday nights, they have 3 for 1 from 9pm-10pm that includes premium liquor and bottled domestic and imported beers which makes it a good pregame spot from 9-10pm before you go on to your next bar. They also have all you can drink wine and select beer on Wednesday for $20 which includes unlimited passed Hors d'oeuvre which I haven't tried yet, but seems like a pretty good deal. They also have a lot of special events there. They have their annual Booze-a-palooza event which I love.   The drinks I had there were average. They didn't water my drinks down so that's good. Bascally, Ember isn't a bad place to go to for drinks. They just need to turn down the music. "TURN DOWN FOR WHAT", you might ask? Turn down so we can converse and enjoy the ambiance. I hope someone in management read this review and take my advice, but I won't hold my breath.
I dropped into Embers while on a business trip in Orlando. It was delicious!  We couldn't decide on which appetizer,  so we opted for 3; all of which were delightful!  All in all: the wine was excellent, the appetizers were tasty, the main dish was amazing!
