A boba-- excuse me, BUBBLE tea place that scores five stars for me means it really impressed me. Why should you trust me? Because I'm from the land of pearl milk/boba tea (as we call it there) also known as Bay Area, CA. This cute tea house would be a wonderful place to hang out with friends. They have couches, tables, tatami mat seating, and games & cards. I can definitely see myself coming here to study as well; the relaxing music and zen set-up give off a very calming vibe. The menu consists of bubble teas, hot teas, coffee, and desserts/treats. I ordered the honeydew milk tea which was bomb! I could tell that they used real tea, not powder or weird artificial sugars. The bubble was a bit too chewy for my taste, but I didn't mind considering the great quality of the tea. Major props to Roji Tea Lounge for making authentic yet yummy tasting bubble tea in an area where Asians are a minority. If I ever come back to Syracuse I will make it a priority to come back and try more of their stuff!
Good place to hang with friends.  I wish I had known about the tea ceremony stuff with the oolong ahead of time and the special cup for the Chrysanthemum tea. People seemed very happy with their teas.  We did not have food since we were full from earlier in the day. You get pots of tea and more hot water. They did not have artificial sweetener.  I am not sure if they have natural zero cal. sweeteners.  That would have been nice to know ahead of time.
Small little place, great ambiance for hanging out or even studying. There a bunch of couches and tables here for groups and for going solo. Service is great all around and above all they have great variety of items from the typical bubble tea to soba to a bunch of specials that change here and there. Not much to compare against here in Syracuse. Probably one of the best bubble tea places here in the area.
This is the cutest most different place I've ever been to!!! It has such a zen and calming feeling unlike any other place I've been to before. There's comfy couches all around. They also have a back room where you can take off your shoes and sit on the floor if you choose. It's pretty much a tea house with all kinds of hot and cold teas. They have herbal, with or without caffeine, fruitty whatever your heart desires. The staff is so friendly and helpful. They serve fresh sweets and some appetizers too. We had the taro and green bobba tea and the green tea cookies AMAZING! Can't wait to Syracuse again and stop in for a snack ;)
It's been a while since I came to this place, life is interesting in that I am back in the area... anyhow, pretty much exactly the same as I left it... last I heard, one of the co-owner of this place pass away, my apology if that's not the case. I love the atmosphere here, quiet and peaceful... music is relaxing, too. Of course, the bubble tea is very good... I have the lychee with soy milk, I am pretty sure it is not from powder... tasty!
This place is perfect if you're looking for somewhere relaxing to go. Chocolate milk tea is my favorite!
First time eating at Roji today! Entrance and exit: You come in, you sit down, they bring the menus to ya! The only time you have to stand is when you're finished eating. You simply go up to the counter and ring the cute little green barrel-shaped bell, and an employee will come to you. I was a little concerned about how they knew what I ordered since you pay after you're done eating, but they keep the receipts in the back. Food: I had soba noodles as a special ($4.00), a green tea parfait ($6.80) and 3 green tea cookies ($2.30), all of which were satisfying. I feel the prices are fair enough! Prices of items range from $1.80 to $9.75. The soba noodles were filling, they weren't too salty, but admittedly, I might not order them again (it's all a matter of preference). The green tea parfait was delicious, my favorite part of the meal. Everything in it goes together. I must not say more. Just order it and see for yourself, it's a must have at Roji. The green tea cookies weren't too bitter, but they weren't too overwhelmingly sweet, very soft to the bite, I enjoyed those a lot too. I took a sip of my friends' watermelon bubble tea and honeydew bubble tea, and boy, were they good. I'd take these over Unique Tea House's any day, and Unique is pretty good too! Just the right texture. My favorite part about the meal is that I didn't leave the place feeling overwhelmed or bloated. Atmosphere: Roji is very ambient. The area somewhat looks like a loft. The lighting is amber-esque, not too bright, yet not too dark. It's a nice place to study, or perhaps depressingly eat your feelings away at night. It's very clean and a lovely fragrance of tea fills the room, it's not an overwhelming scent though. No crumbs, napkins, stains, etc. left on the table and no litter on the floors. You can sit on sofas, chairs or even the floor (there are mats).  At the counter, there are business cards, menus, some knick-knacks you can buy, 2 notebooks (one for suggestions, and the other, I didn't get to see), and a green barrel-shaped bell you ring for service. Service: The girl who served me was super fucking adorable! She spoke in a really gentle voice; it seemed reassuring. I think she's a new employee, since another employee was giving her guidance, but her service was phenomenal. She was extremely friendly. Another employee, asian, was endearing and I saw she was very friendly and conversational with her customers, which I really liked. Engagement is the best.  They both look like they enjoy their jobs, or at least are pretending to! Personal note: Purity Ring's "Crawlersout" played and I realized that Roji was a pretty sick place, then My Bloody Valentine's "If I Am" played and I almost had a stroke. (And who wouldn't at My Bloody Valentine?) I thought I was hallucinating hearing such a great selection of music. Who could've known that a local business, in Syracuse especially, could be capable of having a good music taste? Tl;dr: Roji's music selection is great, the food price is fair, the food quality is superb, service is great. It's a very clean, ambient and quiet place. Great for studying.
Just a wonderful place that has it's own unique atmosphere which makes it delightful. This place is located in Clinton Square, far away from SU and a little way down from Armory Square. It's pretty hidden, blended in by the other buildings. When you step inside, you're greeted by a calm, relaxing ambience which can only be described at best in person. Even the staff kind of whisper to you, which adheres to the appeal. They're all very kind and the service is quick. They even bring the fantastic drinks and desserts right to you, though the menu is a bit pricy for the small amount you get. Not only can you sit down on the couches or chairs, but you can also take your shoes off and relax on the floor sipping your tea and nibbling on your food. Overall, Roji Tea Lounge is the best place to be at peace with some great drinks and amazing deserts.
Wanted to try this place really bad after reading such great reviews. Walking in, I was a bit... surprised. The ambience is very relaxing, tranquil, and peaceful. They have cushions/sofas/chairs for you to sit and to mingle with friends. There were a few people there when we came, yet it was really quiet. I almost didn't want to speak at regular volume in fear of being judged, lol. Anyway, the bf ordered a taro milk tea w/ boba. The taro milk tea was SO good. I'm not even going to lie, it's the best taro milk tea I've ever tried. You could taste the tea, and it was sweetened to perfection. Wasn't too milky, bitter, bland, etc. Literally perfect. I ordered the green tea parfait and a hot mango black tea, I believe. The green tea parfait was pretty decent. I like the layers of mochi, matcha, etc. It's a nice treat! The mango black tea was so calming & had a very nice aroma. It was brought out in a tea pot, so you pour it out yourself. If you enjoy hot tea, you'll definitely enjoy the mango tea, though remember that it's not sweetened. It's 100% natural. Overall, I'd probably come back, but I'd order it to-go. I wouldn't sit inside anymore, because honestly, it was just a bit awkward for both me and the bf. The cashier worker was super nice, which is a plus! I'd love to try their other boba teas next time.
Atmosphere: peaceful, floor seating, shoes off, smells delicious, timeless (as in you will spend hours and not realize it) I've been here a couple of times and I MISS IT SO MUCH!  :(  The teas were authentic and amazing and just the way they should be.  The desserts are also super delicious.  Try the Green Tea Parfait (any of the parfaits) and you'll keep going back.   I also really enjoy the tea cookies (green tea being my favorite, but raspberry is also up at the top).   It is a little pricey but it's worth the treat every once in a while.
I stumbled upon Roji on Yelp after reading reviews on some other tea places. I went to Roji for the first time this Sunday! The atmosphere was warm, cozy, comfortable and the place wasn't crowded maybe b/c I went around 3pm but I heard that it gets busy at 6pm. It's easy to find: Just take the Connective Corridor from campus and get off at Rite Aid (you'll see it on the left side of the bus). Roji is adjacent to the Wise Comedy Club and across from M&T bank. The great thing is it's only a few blocks from Pastabilities. Also, remember that Roji doesn't open til 3pm everyday. Me and my friend went to Dinosaur BBQ until Roji opened. A must try at Roji is the Green Tea Parfait!!! It is so amazing!!! The Green Tea Parfait consists of Green Tea Ice Cream, Green Tea cake, Mochi Balls, Red Beans and is topped with whipped cream. Actually, I recommend trying any of the desserts- they all sound so delicious! In addition to the Green Tea Parfait, I tried the Chocolate Soy Mousse which was also delicious! I asked for it without raspberry sauce b/c I don't like it, so basically you can make adjustments to any item you want. It consisted of chocolate mousse made with soy beans, topped with organic bananas, chocolate sauce and topped with crushed almonds! Last but not least, the cookies were also amazing!! I tried the green tea, cinnamon, raspberry and peppermint cookies. I really liked the green tea cookies and although I don't tend to like peppermint, these peppermint cookies had just a hint of peppermint instead of being overloaded with it so I really liked it! In fact, the peppermint cookies were my favorite! The cookies are moist but without being too moist which was great! What is dessert without tea? I had the Honeydew Bubble tea and the Almond Bubble tea. Both were really good but I liked Honeydew more. My friend had the Oriental Beauty which had a honey-like aroma and the taste was really refreshing. They have a large menu for hot teas like the Oriental Beauty but their bubble tea menu is limited. There is Taro, Honeydew, Almond, Watermelon and one more flavor but I forgot which one but they have fruit teas too! In addition, the waitress was so nice! She was really friendly which made the experience even better! I can't wait to come back! I highly recommend this place! :)
My favorite teahouse in Syracuse! It's just such a peaceful and warm place for you to take a break. I went there with my beloved one and had a spiritual conversation. The tea really calmed me down. I just love it! The only thing is that I wish they have more seatings..
In my own delusional mind, I already wrote and submitted a glowing review of Roji. But, upon reviewing my reviews, I realize that it was a brain review only. So, of course, I absolutely had to pause and rave about Roji, one of my favorite places to chill in Syracuse. I was introduced to Roji awhile back by a good friend/colleague who happens to have awesome taste, and I wasn't surprised that she chose to take me there the moment I walked in. From charming mismatched couches to the careful display of local artwork, I was hooked the moment I walked in. While I don't recall what I ordered that first day, I know that in the many times I've visited, I've been thrilled with what I've ordered, whether it was a lovely matcha or the mango bubble tea (which was insanely refreshing on a hot day). Their desserts are out of this world as well, and you can never go wrong with whatever their cookie special is that day. I recall the lemongrass and ginkgo variety being fantastic. This is such a wonderful hangout spot as well: great music, free wifi, and open late. I've come here to read, work, and spend some quality time with my boyfriend, who loves this place possibly more than I do. Roji Tea Lounge is one of those gems in Syracuse that you must absolutely try. I also recommend bringing someone here on a date, especially if you are aiming to both be casual and to impress.
Maybe the atmosphere sells it more than the drinks do. I love it there and usually spend hours sitting, or minutes watching other people lounge about. The service is lovely, almost gentle in the way they speak to you. They don't kick people out or make you feel uncomfortable for sitting for hours. But I do think that the drinks and food are a bit overpriced for the size. When I was a freshman, the tea was the best in all of Syracuse. Roji often pairs with ASIA during a cafe with music and snacks, and those samples go up fast. The most popular seem to be the milk black tea or the almond black tea. I got the Thai Iced tea once at the store and felt it was too diluted for my taste. Another time I got a Hazelnut black tea and felt the caffeine shooting through my veins as I stared wide-eyed at everyone in the store. The other treats like Green Tea cookies and Lavender cookies are a delight. They're not overly sweet like some of the other desserts (Green Tea Parfait), and taste really good with some of the darker/bitter teas. Overall, I would recommend this place when you're going out with some friends, but it seems to get less special each time I go. Maybe I need a recommendation - but I graduated and don't think I'll be going back to Snowy-cuse any time soon.
On a narrow and unassuming street, there is a small teahouse where you can sit down and enjoy tea and dessert with a loved one as the hours pass by. The atmosphere was very tranquil; not in a 'zen' way but in the sense that it felt very home-y. We sat on one of the sofas in the cafe area, being too intimidated by the seat cushions in the back room. As a plus, the music was great; better than your usual Starbucks-esque cafe soundtrack. A lot of reviewers are saying that the prices were high, but after many visits to British-style tea houses in NYC, I was actually surprised at how low they were. I got the Oriental Beauty for $9 (the most expensive tea on the menu; they had ones as low as $3.50). They also brought us a large pot of hot water as well, which my fiance and I used to happily resteep our tea leaves over and over. The tea itself was an oolong with a fruity, honey-like aroma. I had to sip slowly to appreciate its complexity. The ceremony for it was overwhelmingly elaborate - there were four tiny ceramic vessels involved in its pouring. My fiance got the gun powder tea, which was a green tea that had a strong aroma of spices. Personally too much flavor for me (I prefer strong and simple), but he enjoyed it. For snacks, we got green tea cookies. They were made with Matcha and were hence more bitter than sweet, with a light and cake-y texture. The price was good; $2.50 for 3! We also got a shaved ice, which was the sole disappointment of the afternoon. Being of Korean heritage, when it comes to shaved ice, you go big or go home. I was prepared to dig into a massive ocean of toppings, but was presented with a small pile of shaved ice with ice cream and a few pieces of mochi on top, and some red bean tucked into the sides. Boo! By the end we were eating pure ice. In sum, two paws up for Roji!! I'm looking forward to trying flower tea (for looks! I have no idea what it'd taste like) and bubble tea here. A good bubble tea spot upstate would be such a lifesaver!
I had such a wonderful time at Roji.  My party crowded around a little coffee table with a board game and ordered tea & cookies for almost 2.5 hours.  Everything was delicious (especially my custom-blended tea, YUM!) and our server was so sweet and attentive - even when he got overwhelmed at the register with a leaving party. Just a fantastic place to spend an evening with friends.
I have been inconvenienced a couple times by Roji's odd hours (doesn't open till 3pm!) and it not being open on Mondays but I'm glad that I finally got to go the other day. The building that it's located in is extremely beautiful (exposed brick!), and although finding parking can be a hassle, I understand why people would be so attached to this place. It's very homey and comfortable, which a lounge should be. My friend and I were both ecstatic to see that they have iced matcha latte on the menu. $5.50 may seem like a lot for a drink but it's not an easy drink to find in upstate NY unless you're going to Starbucks...and we all know that their drinks are mediocre at best. The employees were extremely friendly. I hope I'll get the chance to return!
I absolutely love this place! What a lovely place to find in Syracuse. Really cute place and pretty big too, there's comfy couches and chair for you to relax in but if you go in the back you can actually sit on the floor where there is a tatami design yoga mat that you can sit on with low tables. It's almost like having tea in Japan :) And don't worry there's also a rubber shoe placer so you won't see shoes scattered all over the place. Definitely get the green tea parfait. If you don't like green tea or sweet azuki beans get the raspberry parfait. I felt like I was back in Kyoto or Harajuku. The parfait comes with delicious whip cream, green tea ice cream, shiratama mochi balls, azuki beans and green tea cake. For $6 it's such a deal. Also love that the chai comes in tea ceremony style large tea bowls instead of coffee cups. They've done a great job to have a really zen, cute warm atmosphere.
My ULTIMATE favorite place in Syracuse! You must try their Green Tea Parfait--it's to diiieee for! I first discovered this little jewel my first year as a college student, and I've been hooked ever since. You cannot find such a place like in NYC! The atmosphere is incredibly relaxed and makes you truly appreciate the beauty in downtown Syracuse. After going to Roji's, I do my usual routine of wandering the streets to admire the soul of Syracuse...
The raspberry chocolate sundae is amazing! Be sure to buy some homemade peanut brittle on your way out.
Ok so this is my new spot. I absolutely love this place. The jasmine green tea with tapioca was awesome!! And the green tea parfait was incredible. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and ambiance of the place. The staff is very accommodating and friendly. An awesome place to hang with friends or just by yourself. I was there late last night and it was the perfect ending to an awesome day. Highly recommend it :)
"As good as it gets!" I've only been here once, but I'll definitely be back. The drinks are delish and made from healthy ingredients, the atmosphere is classy yet relaxed, and the prices are on point (I wish the drinks were just a little bigger, but what can I say, I love my boba!) The best part is that the staff here are super sweet and friendly. I came in with my fiancé one day and there weren't any decent tables to work at (they have lots of floor seating, but we were trying to study), so one of the staff actually moved her stuff and gave us the table - a really sweet gesture that says a lot. Plus, they play really great music here and are open later than almost any other coffee shop in the city. But be warned: they aren't open on Mondays.
The first time I heard about Roji was from my friend who would always RAVE about how good their tea was.  She eventually took me there and now I'm a huge fan. I go with just my boyfriend or some friends and it's always a good time.  It's a small place with a very intimate setting.  It's that perfectly cozy place everyone hopes to find in a city (even though Syracuse is a pretty dismal place).  The service is fantastic and they're very nice.  Teas are prepared perfectly (my favorite is the Herbal Chai) and I ADORE their snacks.  Every time I go, I need to restrain myself from purchasing all of them (green tea parfait and cookies make me drool). I enjoy looking at their small merchandise section.  Such cute handmade things to purchase.  Be sure to buy some teas to try at home! Roji isn't tooooo expensive, but it's definitely not my go-to place for a cheap snack.  It's that place you go to at the end of a tough day to treat yourself to something extra special.  =] Ugh, now I crave Roji and I'm hundreds of miles away.  There's no substitute for this place. =\
My friends and were craving bubble tea and we were desperate seeing as there seemed to be nowhere open. Syracuse seems really dead sometimes... actually it seems dead most of the time. Anyways, so I find this cool place on Yelp and I'm like okay, let us partake on this adventure. I swear, my friends and I looked for this place for like 20 minutes. All I saw was this legal office or something. There's absolutely no signs for this place. Then suddenly I see some guy sitting on a mat inside. And I'm like what the heck?!? Basically, all I can say about this place was that I had like organic vegan bubble tea. I kind of liked it. I wish it was slightly sweeter though. It is also a little on the pricey side. But the quality of this place was beyond belief. I mean, how many times have you had organic bubble tea?? Also make sure you get the green tea parfait, it's orgasmic (yes, it lives up to the hype). The atmosphere is cool and I felt like a hipster. The entire time I was there I was like, "Omg, I'm such a hipster. This is what hipsters do." I will definitely be coming back here for a tea party next time.
Perfect vibe for this type of eatery.  The selection is vast and mostly unique for the Syracuse area, and you will pay an upcharge for that.  The teas are crisp and enjoyable even after several steeps, and the desserts are tasty without being too sweet. I want to rate this less than 4 stars because of its imbalanced price to portion and quality ratio, but I just cannot.  Every memory I have of this place is a great one.  Possibly because I save this place for special occasions.  It is an intimate place I go to with dear friends or lovers, and in the relaxed atmosphere I always seem to enjoy myself despite what I am paying.  I would never go alone, however, as it would be much cheaper and enjoyable to just brew the tea at home.  Sure, you could "people watch" here, but how many standard hipster university students can one view in a day? While service may lag while it is busy, the staff is always warm and helpful.  Even when the foreign waitress didn't know what the word "toasted" meant, it became the cutest thing rather than a nuisance.  The place can fill up quick with bright orange hoodies clawing for bubble tea and single artists taking up entire four-person couches with their sketching pads.  It is easy to grasp when they are understaffed/overworked, and sometimes it may be best to suck up your "I Want!" ego and come back another time. Standard order: Mountain grape green tea Bagel with adzuki jelly and cream cheese (toasted)
Love the atmosphere and desserts. You can sit on the sofas or on the cushions on the floor (Japanese style). its cute for a date or to be with friends/family I recommend lemongrass tea, the green tea cake, and the lavender cookies :9 the bubble tea is ok. i rather have their authentic teas.
I love this place! Its such a low key place to just chill, drink tea, and relax with desserts. The front has regular tables and chairs with several sofas. The back is very similar to japanese tea houses where there are small low tables and seat cushions to sit on the floor. You have to take off your shoes before stepping on. I've ordered several pots of teas at my times here. I don't recommend the rose tea because its a bit too floral for me. However, the other teas have been pretty good. Their desserts are also really good. I definitely recommend the green tea cake; there is a distinct taste of green tea and the whipped cream and adzuki jelly on top is a perfect combination. Also get their seasonal cookies, they're all delicious!
Tea is very bland. Went here multiple times to see if it was just service, but it's how they make their tea. Not your typical bubble tea joint.
Having heard great things from upstate friends about Roji, I decided to try it with another group of friends. Unfortunately, I was really let down. Our group of four went to sit down in the back at a table. After waiting about 10 or 15 minutes, we decided to go up and get the menus ourselves, as the waitress seemed to forget we were there while she was attending to the two other tables. After deciding on what we wanted, and seeing that the waitress wasn't coming over even on this relatively slow day, we went up to the register to order. I felt a bit peckish so I ordered a few things, the first being the mochi balls with the azuki jelly...more commonly known as red bean paste (it was more of a paste than jelly). That was about $5, and came with four teeny mochi balls, each about the diameter of a nickle, with a tablespoon of the paste. This was ridiculous, as you could go down to one of the Asian stores on Erie and buy a bagful of those mochi balls for the same price. The red bean stuff isn't even worth much. I then got a pot of one of their pricier (~$14) black teas to share with my friends. You would expect the first steeping to be stronger, but nope. Even after waiting an extra 10 minutes, it was weak because there were hardly any leaves in the steeping basket. A friend who was with me got the chai that came in a bowl/cup, but it was so watery and bland he didn't even finish it, even with the side of sweetener (that wasn't complimentary). After finishing the other parts of our order that came out, it took going up to the register to take another look at the menu for them to tell me they couldn't make one of the menu items we were still waiting on without more than "I can't make that right now." Not even uttering a "sorry" or "Would you like to order something else instead?" I ordered other stuff that was standard quality, but once again, the portions are not worth the exorbitant prices. I could see it being a good experience for someone who has never gone to any other tea house before, but unless you're only paying for the "atmosphere", it was a total ripoff. I'm giving an extra star because to be fair, there's not much else of this type in Syracuse. However, be warned. This place seems like a good place for on-the-go stuff based on other peoples' reviews, but was definitely not an enjoyable sit-in experience for me.
The bubble tea (with milk) is so good and the tapioca is so much better quality than some others I've had. I also tried the chocolate mousse with bananas and raspberry sauce last time I was here and it was wonderful.
Never sat in, only got bubble tea to go. Quality of tapioca varies, but is generally okay! Tea is good, only tried green teas. Loose teas by the ounce are great for trying out bits of different teas at low prices!
I was pleasantly surprised to find this lounge offering authentic Asian teas in downtown Syracuse! High quality tea - even for the bubble teas! and some tasty desserts.  I would definitely recommend the mochi with adzuki bean.
Cozy atmosphere, delicious teas, yummy snacks,
Found a Groupon so decided to try it out. Green Tea parfait was nice, with mochi, red bean and green tea cake underneath the ice cream. My hubby had the GT cake, which he found a bit dry. He liked his iced green tea though, while my chocolate milk tea tasted a bit weak. Had a black tea honeydew bubble tea as well which was tasty enough. Ambience was chill, lots of people but we still found a table. Love the obscure games,  haven't seen a café with mahjong before! :)
Pricey for bubble tea; but I love Christian and Tomomi's (the owners) vision.
Roji is wonderful. It's pretty much the best place to relax and unwind in Syracuse.
Very delicious tea. Great variety of flavors. It is nice to have a wide selection of fair trade options.  Also, it has a very calming atmosphere
I love the atmosphere and the tea but the food was so overpriced for such small portions. Seriously, $5.50 for like 3 bites of mousse. I'll return but I won't buy dessert next time.
I have been going to Roji for a looong time, I would say about 4 or 5 years. It was actually the first place I have ever had bubble tea and it was love pretty much at first sip. I have never had anything bad from here, whether it be tea or food. The servers are always friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is relaxing and a nice place to go with friends. I currently live in California, but whenever I make it back home I am always sure to hit them up. I recommend them 100%.
What a great place. You can come with a group of friends or on a nice date. I've introduced so many people to this place and never had a single complaint.
I really enjoy the Roji tea lounge.  When I'm in college I try to go at least once a week to order my honeydew melon bubble tea.  Sometimes I'll grab something extra to try with it like the adzuki bean cake or mochi, usually its the raspberry cookies though.  The prices are a little higher but I can't help it, I love it there.
One of my favorite places in Syracuse. I like how this lounge has a section with tables  & chairs and a section with cushions to sit on the floor. Staff is always helpful and can always recommend me a tea that'll leave me happy and content~ Very charming with an intimate feel~
Great atmosphere, serve awesome teas and dessert. Green tea cookie and green tea cake are the best. That's coconut thing is also great.
