Wonderful venue !  Easy to navigate through.  Staff is well trained and have the people moving process down packed.  They are able to move a crowd of 13,000 out in 15 minutes.  Impressive!!!!  Venue is well maintained!  Conveniently located.
Nice arena! Plenty of parking options nearby w/ easy access to I-4! Decently priced- we paid $10 & parked in lotC on corner of central & hughey...thank God no issues! I went for the Marc Anthony Concert & had seats in the Chase B suite! It was Excellent... clean, w/ friendly staff & it also included food, beer, wine, & soda! Food was good including dessert! Limited wine options so a lil disappointing! Seats were perfect! We sat in row c seats 9 & 10 & enjoyed the view & the sound was music to my ears-literally! ;)~ Stadium was well staffed w/ people checking tickets, guiding & helping at every location! Definitely made u feel secure & alleviated from feeling lost! Overall, fantastic experience & would love to watch another show here & sit in same area!
So far I've seen a few Magic games, a few concerts, and most recently an ice skating show. It's great to have a venue in Orlando that can accommodate so many different kinds of entertainment and draw really great events into town. That said, there are some things I don't care for at the Amway. If you go with the cheap seats there is a good chance of having a partially obstructed view because you are high above the stage lights (what happened to us with Frozen on Ice). And at a concert when we had seats facing the stage it felt like we were a mile away, even in the lower bowl.   The building is just a little too big. I'd rather see concerts in any of the smaller venues in town, and have actually started passing up some shows just because I know they won't be as good in such a huge arena. I won't talk about the Magic games much, but they have lost nearly every game I have ever gone to. No fault of the Amway, but it's just not much fun. Food at the Amway Center is stupid expensive. I paid $12 each for snowcones at Frozen on Ice. Yep, a $12 snowcone. I've also had the worst nachos of my life from one of the vendors here. How do you ruin nachos? I have no idea, but they were inedible. One plus is that they started selling a few craft beers. That's nice. Sure, it's as overpriced as everything else, but at least I don't have to endure watery beer while I watch the team lose another game.
Nice Modern Day Arena, but knowing that it cost over $1 billion to build I was expecting alot more bang, nicer decor, and a overall nicer finish to the Arena, parts of it just seemed empty or too open by the concession area. We were seated in the lower 100's for a Disney on Ice Perfomance. The view in comparison to the price of the tickets, not worth it, but the same section & ticket price and view at say AAA in miami, where i have attended other various Disney on Ice performances is well worth it. The make-up and design of the arena bewildered me a little, but im not an architect. To enter in the lower section while your on the 100 level floor, you have to go down the equivalent of about 3 flights of stairs just to enter the arena seating area, then continute more to more stairs to your row and seat. Felt somewhat far from the main floor, but was already in the lowest section, as ironic as that may sound. Parking was easily accessible though, and leaving the arena was not troublesome or concentrated with traffic, so that was a plus. Will come back eventually this year to catch a Heat vs. Magic game and reasess the overall atmosphere and excitement level of the Amway Center
Having been to the 'old Amway Center', I must say this place is definitely an improvement!!  The Arena is incredible...I have wanted to see an event, any event here and since the wife found out Miley Cyrus was headed to the Amway Center... Well... I knew this would be the event!  It was a great concert (don't judge me for liking it), but that's for another review... Everything in the arena is just so shiny and new... If it were a car it would still have that new car smell!!   The staff was excellent... Everyone we came across was kind, and helpful.  The security guard near the entrance we went in was very friendly... He saw us waiting by the team shop and let us know we could us the entrance around the side since we had a wheelchair... Over all, the entire experience was a blast!! I can't wait to go back for another event, hopefully a Magic game (fingers crossed)!!! I definitely recommend attending an event here if you've got the chance!!!
This is a VERY NICE arena! I was in awe as we walked through the doors and to our seats. Unfortunately our entertainment for the evening(Magic vs Wizards) was no where near as nice. Everything(bathrooms, walkways, even outside) was sparkling clean, and in good condition. We sat on the lower level(sect 116) and had a great view of the game. THE CONCESSIONS were varied and plentiful. There was the standard fare, but they put their own twists on them. We all shared gyro nachos, which was basically the inside of a gyro over tortilla chips. They were ok. I had the OMG dog, which was a hotdog wrapped in pastrami and topped with cheese, chorizo, jalapeños, a sauerkraut relish, and potato strings. It was good. There were also dogs topped with bbq, some with chili & cheese, and a couple of others, all of which came with their house made chips. There were also traditional nachos, burgers, bbq, and more. Prices were standard/ridiculous as is always the case at these events/venues, but the variety and creativity is pretty neat. I've been to 3 other modern arenas(Staples Center, Honda Center, Tampa Bay Times Forum) and this one is by far the best. I think it may also be the newest, which may have something to do with it. While I look forward to coming back when the Clippers come to town next season, there currently isn't anything scheduled here(that I can't see in Tampa) that will bring me back before then. Great venue for basketball though!
Everyone they I've ever talked to or dealt with at the Amway Center has been amazing! I got a behind the scenes tour and this place is run so smoothly! The grounds and facilities are always super clean. It's really nice to have a parking garage attached to it, even if it does have crazy high prices.
Caught the Magic vs. Cavs game a couple of weeks ago.  This was my first time at the Amway Center, which is named after the company of the guy who also owns the team.   The arena is very mega-modern and although there is not a thing wrong with it (other than over priced drinks and food, which is the same everywhere at games) there is nothing really special about it either; just a ho-hum arena.
It is interesting to think that the "old" Amway arena really wasn't old at all, but someone clearly realized that it was pretty awful, and that Orlando could do much better... and they did. The Amway Center has been open for a couple years now, and it is really a beautiful complex.  RIght at the edge of downtown, great walking in the immediate vicinity, and a truly beautiful anchor to the downtown area as a whole. Parking here is excellent, and everything flows flawlessly during games, at least as far as I have seen in the games I have attended here. The public areas of the arena are excellent, modern, and very inviting. The food... well, while plentiful, is pretty standard sports fare.  Nothing to speak of by any stretch of the imagination.
My first experience at Amway center did not disappoint! All I can say is WOW! Starting with parking in the Geico garage - piece of cake to get in and out of. Lovely walk across the bridge to Amway and on to my Legends suite tickets. I have never had a better experience while watching a sporting event. I can only imagine seeing a concert here! It was a family friendly place and extremely clean. The crowds did not seem to overwhelm in the open areas thanks to all the extra free space. The food was better than I have ever had at these events, and the drink choices were nice.
Wow!  Just Wow!  I have never been in such a modern, more beautiful arena in my life!  I can't believe it's taken us 3 years to finally get to an event here.  Wow!  I knew when they were building it that it was going to be beyond spectacular, but finally seeing it with my own eyes..... Wow!  Yes, I keep saying, "Wow" over and over.  I'm almost speechless.  I just don't even know where to start! First of all, the arena sparkles.  Yes, it just sparkles.  I swear I can almost see my reflection in the floors because they are so shiny!   The signage is wonderful.  It's pretty impossible to get lost in the arena.  But if you do need assistance, there are friendly, kind, smiling, helpful employees every where you turn. I really wish I would have had more time to just walk around the arena and take everything in.  There's artwork everywhere and it's all amazing!  Next time we go to an event here, I'm going to make sure we get there super early so I have the time to take more of it in! We had no problem finding our seats.  Our seats were located in section 105 in the handicapped section.  Let me talk about that for a minute.  Normally, I walk, but because I have sciatic nerve damage, degenerative disc disease, and 3 herniated discs, whenever we go to a huge arena like this or one of the Parks, I have to be in my wheelchair.  I just can't do *that* much walking or my back will be killing me.  I'm also not real fond of taking Percocet, so if I sit my butt down in the wheelchair, I can avoid both pain and Percocet.  I'm digressing.  Anyway, I have to really give kudos to the people who designed this arena because they really had the handicapped in mind when they did.  There are elevators everywhere (and the elevator buttons even have 3 stars on them that light in in blue when they are pushed... Go Magic! hehe).  Also, right behind the handicapped seating, there's a hall with "family" restrooms for the handicapped.  Now that is awesome!  There were like a 100 people in line for the regular restrooms, but I was able to just wheel right into one.  And no, I don't think they are accessible to everyone, because to get to this area, we had to show our handicapped passes to the attendant to get to this particular hallway.   They even thought about us smokers too.  While there is no smoking in the arena, head to section 111 and you'll find 'Ronas and 'Ritas.  It's an outside covered bar area with very comfortable couches and chairs everywhere.  it has flatscreeens mounted so you won't miss a minute of a Magic game and there's also an amazing view of the Orlando Skyline and well as a view of the people on the street down below.  It's a very cool and happening spot.  'Ronas and 'Ritas is open before, during, and after games.  So even if you don't smoke, make sure to check this place out! Concessions are high (as they are at every arena and stadium), but they do offer one helluva deal on soda here.  You can purchase a plastic Magic souvenier cup for $9 and get unlimited refills the rest of the night.  You can also bring this cup with you to future Magic games for more unlimited refills.  So buy one of these bad boys and make sure you hang onto it.  It's basically $9 for endless soda! We saw the Miley concert here and the sound and acoustics are awesome!  I put my hand on the railing in front of me and could feel the vibrations of the music.  It's also so loud that I could feel the bass pumping through my body.  Very cool experience. The place was packed.  I'm not sure if Miley sold out or not, but it looked like every seat was filled all the way to the tip-top nosebleed seats.  The cool thing is though, even though there were that many people there, as you walk through the halls in the arena, they are so large and wide that you aren't ramming into people.  There's still plenty of room to walk and more than maintain your bubble!  I really love this because I have serious issues with crowds and especially when people get in my personal space.  No worries about that here! We had awesome seats and a perfect view.  I saw how high up those nosebleed seats were and I can't imagine a person would have a very good view from way up there.  I mean they were REALLY high up!  I can't speak from personal experience, so I'm not sure.  I know when we return, we'll always try to get seats down in the lower part of the arena like we did this time. Now that I've finally been to the new (yes, I still call it new even though it's been 3 years now), I can't wait to go back again.  I know hubby feels the same way.  We will be making a point to start going to many more events (especially Magic games) in O-Town!
Honestly, I fail to understand why this venue was built when the older Amway Venue was still perfectly fine. Clearly its newer, has same fancy upgrades and is sandwiched into a nook to give it more of a big city feel. They claim it has more seating but I just don't see how. The incline in the cheap seats looks precarious and taking a tumble might just be life threatening. I get a really boxed in feeling when inside the venue. It seems very cramped but if you are a sports fan I guess it doesn't matter. We just need a real team... I have been lucky enough to view concerts from the Founder's suite and that is just about the only way to watch an event here. I would not sit in the stands with the noisy rabble in this location. Parking sucks. Scant and expensive. You can park in the hood for cheaper and for the most part its a safe walk due to the heavy police presence during events. I think Orlando didn't quite hit the mark with this venue but it serves its purpose. Visible from the interstate with a flashy marquee, this edifice does give downtown Orlando a dab of needed character. Orlando is still a town, but maybe one day it will become a city with much needed culture that allows it to shrug off its orange grove, cow-town ambiance.
Despite the awful name, this place is great for sports...I particularly enjoy the Solar Bears Hockey games, as well as Magic games and concerts.  I've been here dozens of times.  The food is the only bad thing.  It's pretty poor and waaaayyy overpriced.  Worse yet, if you buy a bottle of water they keep the cap....so if you have a large order of food/drinks you have to manage the stairs etc while holding full bottles of water with no cap.  This is really dumb.  Sorry but it's just a dumb policy.   I recently left a jacket accidently and the following day picking it up from Lost & Found was pretty easy.
The arena is really nice and new but if you are afraid of heights do NOT buy tickets in the 200 level.  200 level really means 500 level seating. My husband and I both got nauseous and spent the rest of the first half outside at the balcony bar.  The seats are so super steep as well.  One wrong move could mean tumbling down 50 rows to your death.  Doesn't seem safe whatsoever.   I was speaking to one of the security personnel here asking if they get a lot of complaints about how high and steep the seats are and he said he could never watch a game in the cheap seats because it seems unsafe and scary.  So yes they get this a lot. I had to update the review for the wonderful customer service.  At the half the security personnel suggested asking the box office if there was anything they could do since we were out of town visitors.  We had gone to many basketball games in different cities and always sit in the 200s and never got sick.  We were upgraded to lower bowl for the second half!  The lower bowl seats aren't as steep and felt like a normal stadium.  The seats in front of me go up to a bit below my knees where the upper deck seats the row in front only goes up to my ankles making it a trip hazard.
My favorite part was the woman outside with two children, reeking plainly of marijuana. Also nice was the airport-like massive building, gleaming white and symbolic of all our progress as a species. It's really an amazing building. I'm really impressed by the escalators taking spectators close to Jebus before descending again to their seats. Nice effect. Now down to business. I find it so hard to pay $12 for shitty nachos, but I guess you've got to know what you're getting into going to a place like this. It's a luxury experience, and a pretty good one. Fuck also Ticketmaster. Buy tickets at the box to avoid the fees, or check Orlando Weekly for a coupon deal on Solar Bears tickets.
Nice new facility (1st time for me).  I enjoyed the Magic game.  Nice Terrazo Floors everywhere and it looks updated.
I went to Amway twice in two days. I had a great time both times. The first day I went, I seen the Orlando Magic play the NY Nets. One of my friends had free tickets so why no? We were up there as far as seats, but the game could still be seen  fully. It was my first time so I was content. The next day was even better. I went to see a Solar Bears game and had run across some Loge box tickets. That was pure bliss. I didn't have to push my way through a crowd like I'm in a club, the seats were right in the middle of everything and the waitress was very nice. As I was watching that hockey game, I also enjoyed the tv in from of me and caught up with the hockey game going on in Tampa at the same time. The loge box menu was pretty pricy. They had nachos for 9 bucks and it wasn't a lot. The burger and fries were 9 bucks as well. Not the best burger in the world and not the worst. Even though I was seated there, I still took the time to walk out and get me some concession stand food that was good and for the price, I got quite a bit. If you ever get your hands on Loge box seats, Presidential seats or even court side seats try it. The experience is nice and hey, you only live once......
I have been to nearly every arena in the world, and I must say, it is about time that Orlando got a world class venue. The new arena is by far head and shoulders above the old arena, and I will even go out on a limb and say it's one of the best arenas in the country. Like many other cities, they have a lot to do in the immediate vicinity of the arena, and for me, that's what makes it world class. And it looks like they will be adding more things there as well, it is starting to remind me of the area adjacent to the Staples Center in Los Angeles, which is called "L.A. Live" and that says a lot for the little city of Orlando.
Bad Experience. I went to the Amway center to see a concert and arrived early since I am from out of town.  It was pouring rain, thunder, and lightning, so we parked in the Geico Garage since it had a bridge into the building.  It was $20 to park there (ASTRONOMICALLY EXPENSIVE) and there is NO RE-ENTRY!  Which they didn't tell us.  They also didn't tell us that the bridge was closed until 1 hour before the show.  We had planned to go inside and eat dinner, get some drinks, walk around, look in the shops, etc, but everything was closed.  All of the Amway staff employees were INCREDIBLY rude to me and totally not helpful in any way. Since we couldn't leave the garage, but we had to use the bathroom, we had to walk in the pouring rain, all the way around the amway center since the geico garage is on the back side of the building and there is no entrance on that side at all.  Then none of the doors were open until we finally tried to get into the Magic Grill, which was locked.  But they unlocked the doors and we asked to use the restroom.  They gave us a hard time and said we couldn't use the restroom unless we were going to eat there.   Completely soaked and having to use the bathroom really badly after our roadtrip to get there, they finally let us go.  Then we tried to go inside the arena to the box office window to get our tickets and they wouldn't let us through.  So since we were trapped inside the Magic Grill, we decided to stay there and order some nachos to wait out the rain. The food was mediocre and overpriced, as expected.  The waitress was annoyingly chipper and I was not in the mood since i was literally dripping wet. Finally the rain stopped and we walked all the way around the building again to get to the car.  We changed out clothes in the car and waited for the bridge to be open.   They wouldn't let us through the bridge without printed tickets in hand.  I tried to use the kiosk inside the garage to print my tickets *since I ordered them online and did not receive a printed ticket in the mail* and it wouldnt recognize my card.  So once again we had to walk all the way around the amway center in the drizzling rain to get to the front entrance.  We stood in line at the box office window until they gave us our tickets, then went inside. Once we got to our seats we decided to go get food and drinks.  Only to discover that there was NO FOOD on the entire side of the arena that we were on.  I'm sorry WHAT?  No concession stands at all on 1/2 the arena?  That's stupid.  So we went the entire show without any food. There were no cupholders on our chairs so we had to have our cups on the floor where they could get knocked over.  The acoustics were bad and I could hear a lot of feedback echoing off the roof. When it came time to leave, we had to walk all the way around the building to get to the bridge, which we finally we able to use, which was the whole f-ing point of parking the geico garage in the first place.  And we finally made it back to our car and left. In short, I had a Horrible experience at the Amway center and will make a point to choose other venues instead if given the option. On a positive note, once we were inside, the arena was clean and seemed very nice.  Although we didn't have time to see anything since we could only get in 60 min before the show started and there was a massive mob of people shuffling to their seats. A word to the wise, don't park in the geico garage.  And don't get there any earlier than 60 min before the show starts because you won't be able to do anything but sit in your car and wait.  Also make sure you eat beforehand.
The venue is nice.  I went here for a hockey game and really like the building and the atmosphere. I like that you can walk to here from downtown and vice versa.   The bad thing is that everything is over priced, even for an arena.  C'mon, it is minor league hockey. Ease up on the concession prices. I say skip the concessions and just hit up a place downtown before and / or after you event.
I attended The Package Concert at the Amway Center.  It was the first time that I had been to the new center.  It's gorgeous!  Walking up you can tell how nice it is, and then that's reaffirmed when you go inside. We got there right as the concert started, so I didn't get to walk around much, but just from looking around as I was going up the escalators, there seemed to be a bunch of various food options. The only negative was that the sound quality was horrible.  I'm not sure if it was the speakers or the equipment used by the musical groups or the arena itself, but it was extremely hard to understand what was being said.  A bunch of us were commenting on that. I look forward to attending an Orlando Magic basketball game there!
My first time at The Amway Center was for the Paul McCartney concert and while the tickets were a bit pricey at $500 for two they were on the Club Level and they were just stage left so we had a great view of Sir Paul. This venue while primarily home to the Orlando Magic is darn nice. The staff was efficient and very friendly. What really surprised me was how good the acoustics were, a great treat to hear Sir Paul. It's a beautiful venue, clean, modern, well designed, with excellent flow even with a sold out crowd. The one downside was we parked under the interstate and my guess is all the cops were off eating donuts as there sure didn't seem to be any helping to get traffic out of the area. Overall, a really fine venue. Enjoy!
Absolutely gorgeous, clean, beautiful arena. Great staff, high quality food and drinks. And did I mention - clean? When's the last time that was the case at a basket ball game. It felt like there wasn't a bad seat in the house, and loved the common areas where you could eat and watch the game. Definitely a 5-star experience when I was there!
Awes. Orlando is growing up so fast! *tear* Finally, a real arena is established and properly used. I appreciated Amway Arena, but it was small, old, and, well, a giant box, really. Amway Center looks modern, sleek, and quite gorgeous. Although the display that faces I-4 can sometimes be incredibly blinding, I feel proud whenever I am stuck in traffic and passing by this monster. It looks as gorgeous on the inside as it does on the outside. There's plenty to see on each level so be sure to take some time to explore the first time you visit this crazy place. A lot of it is about the Orlando Magic, but that's kind of the point of the arena in the first place. (Now, if only the team would do better.) The seats are a lot more comfortable than the oldie's, but the nosebleeds are now really the nosebleeds. After all, you can fit the entire oldie in just the bottom section of the newie. It is also extremely steep up high, which makes navigating to your seat a test on your fear of heights, but once you sit, you'll realize that it's actually a good thing. Yes, you're far vertically, but you can still watch the game/event pretty clearly because you're not too far horizontally from the court. As for food, I was actually surprised that their concession food is relatively diverse and decent. They have the typical offerings - an assortment of fried things - but they also have other, more "exotic" options as well. PS: Everything is overpriced. Duh.
I finally made my way for the first time inside the Amway Center to see the Ringling brothers, the arena is awesome and looks much better then the other one but the prices for the food are so expensive but in the positive side it is easier to find your way around this arena and there is only one entrance and exit so you do not have to remember if you came thru the North or South side. The staff was also very nice and thankful and polite, I will come here more often to concerts and hockey games and other events. Good Job Orlando for building a nice facilities for the city and  community. Four stars is well deserved for this location, and also the place is kept really clean and plenty of places to eat.
I've  had a great experience at this venue.  I've been here several times for major sporting events including Orlando Magic games and Orlando Solar Bear games as well as concerts. More recently The Package Tour featuring NKOTB, 98 degrees and Boyz II Men.  We had the cheap seats up in the  "rafters" and the the acoustics were terrible. We could barely make out some of the songs being sung until further into song. Aside from this, the sporting events are always a lot of fun and definitely worth experiencing, There's not really a bad seat in the house. If you can afford club level seating, that would be the most ideal way to go. Less crowds and more of an intimate experience. Even purchasing from the concession stands is less of a headache but do expect to spend higher than average prices.  There are plenty of food and beverage kiosks on all floors of the venue though. If you are a Magic fan, it's definitely worth checking out the Magic Team shop on the ground level next to the main entrance. They usually offer a specially priced deal during every home game. Overall, this venue has been an asset to Downtown Orlando. Cannot wait to check out upcoming events!
Dear Amway Center, Thank you for being built so fast and not in lieu of design or quality, it is mucho appreciated. I know many of the fine citizens of this lovely city may not have been on board in the beginning of your conceptualization and budgeting, however, hopefully now most of those haters have visited you and realize you are truly an experience. I am writing this review in comparison to various sporting and entertainment venues I have visited in the past including our very own Amway Arena (RIP). I truly think the haters have to realize what an amazing thing they are doing with the old Amway Arena space too! cityoforlando.net/electe… Ok, I know, I am obviously excited about this new arena and everyone is wondering why it is taking me so long to review since I spend at least one day a week here buttt.... I wanted to get a great feel of everything so I held off on the review until I had various experiences here and after being there quite a few times this year, I am in love with so many things but there are some things that I am not the hugest fan of. It definitely feels like you are walking into an airport it's so grand and open in the "lobby" area; it is somewhat majestic. I also love how the entrance is on the street. I love walking out and watching the drummers jam out and everyone gathers around to participate. I also love being able to grab dinner or watch/listen to the live pre-show at Mojo and then WALK over to the game.  Please note, I have never parked in the arena parking that is allocated.  If I have parked, it has been DT somewhere and I walk.  It's AWESOME! This state-of-the-art building is full of beautiful decor, Magic info and history, and delicious food and drinks! With TV screens on either side of all the concession stands, bars with views of the court and radio broadcast of the game in the restrooms, you never miss a minute of the game! There are plenty of options to feed your hunger and quench your thirst no matter where you turn. Because it's got a great view of the court with convenient distance to a bar and food, I dig hanging out at the Budweiser Baseline Bar. Also, my season tickets are up high and I get a much better view from this location. This is a large bar with 360 degree access, plenty of surrounding tables, and a great view overlooking the court. It's convenient, the bartenders are always nice, and I always run into people I know there! I also adore the Gentleman Jack patio bar. This luscious space has an amazing view of the downtown skyline, plush seating, and monitors to watch the game. They generally have other games on as well, including football, if you don't want to miss out on anything! So if you are at a slow game and just want to kick it, this is the place to hit up. However, avoid it right at halftime, it gets PACKED! Food!!!! So the food options are almost endless.  They go way above and beyond the pizza, nachos and popcorn choices you find everywhere else. Example: Big Blue Taco, they have awesome tacos, nachos, and a fajita salad! Or if you adore the original nachos you would get at the cart in the Amway Arena, they still have one stand for that but the line is usually crazy long.  Want home cooking? Yup, they got that too Country Friend Chicken sandwiches, pulled pork, brisket... etc. There are plenty of burger, hot dog, chicken finger, tater tot, etc. options, as well as deli sandwiches, Panera, Papa John's, Coldstone Creamery... Really, anyone could find something they'd be happy with in here! Overall, this is completely an experience center from beginning to end. There is a block party 2 hours before the game, dinner and drinks within walking distance, so much to keep you entertained during the game/event, Gentleman Jacks stays open an hour after the events if you want to chill while the crowds leave and then walk to a bar for after party, perfect! Best part about living near here... pedi cabs! I would suggest that when leaving with crowds, avoid the escalator... go for the stairs. Things I would change: - Coke instead of Pepsi - Large seats in top tiers - Charge same for 2 vodka drinks compared to one drink & a shot - Stuff's castle being directly on a concourse. I would move this to a separate area, no where near a bar!!! Things I am so glad they changed and noticed immediately: - The game audio in the bathrooms, genius - Adding bathrooms in general - Not all the retail locations on the concourses are behind counters, you can walk around them - Huge retail store within the center - Amazing history about the Magic throughout the center Keep up the great entertainment, Truly yours, Season Ticket Holder and Proud Citizen of Orlando, Colleen B. **I would also like to thank everyone who reads my reviews, this is #500 and it feels good to share my opinions and experiences =)
High LEED grade & gluten-free restaurant makes me happy.  Not so, so huge that you feel like you're watching from a blimp.  But big enough to feel the excite not of the crowds.
Been here three times now.  Magic game, the UCF mega triumph over the evil forces of UF, and Trans Siberian Orchestra.  Here are my thoughts, and I've been a gym rat all my life. It is HUGE.  It is something like three times the size of the old arena. Seats are wider. Aisles are wider too, so you no longer have to pull your knees off your ears to hear.  People can actually get by you.  Each seat has a cup holder. Lots of concession stands.  That's the good news.  But the prices are absolutely insane.  Eat someplace else downtown before you go.  A beer is $7.  The bbq is putrid. The bars - awesome idea.  Terraces overlooking the court.  Absolute genius. Great audio and video.  Almost insane.  And TV's everywhere. They f-ed up the bathrooms again.  Despite all the talk about how many more johns they would have compared to the old arena, it isn't true.  The men's room looks like they didn't install about half the urinals or stalls.  Value engineering run amuck.  When's the last time you saw a line out the door into the corridor for the MEN"S ROOM? Some pro tips: 1.  Don't eat or drink there.  Eat or drink downtown.  Pourhouse works.  Club 57 West works.  Mojo's if you can get in.  I notice tons of people walking in from east of Rosalind, eating and drinking at the joints on Central and Wall Street. 2.  Parking - don't park nearby.  It's more expensive and a huge pain in the ass to get out after the game.  It took more than an hour to get out of the SunTrust garage after the UCF triumph.  Instead, park someplace on the other side of Orange Ave.  It''s cheaper, you will get out easier, and you get to walk by all the restaurants and bars that will help you achieve pro tip #1 (above).  May I suggest the garage at 77 E. Jackson?  This is a half block east of Orange, across from the Grand Bohemian.  They charge $4 to park, and you can jet out and away from traffic with no delay after the game. 3.  Grand Bohemian - this is where all the teams and musical acts stay.  The hotel sets up a rope line, and if you really want to get autographs and pictures, this is the place to get them. Overall, it's a physical masterpiece.  Nicest arena I've ever been in - and that's 50+ years of experience.
Last time I saw the Magic play in person, Jacque Vaughn was our point guard, not the coach. So, yeaaah, it's been a minute...or two. Just such a gorgeous venue and a great place to catch a game. Anyway, I'm loving the sight lines at the Amway Center. Seems like there really isn't a bad seat in the house, although, I have not ventured up to the nosebleed seats because I'm too ascared. Also, I can't really walk, so... Super-friendly staff, though, they ARE being paid to be nice, so, they SHOULD be nice, right? Minus one star for the handicapped ladies bathroom stall I had to make use of that had a toilet seat almost completely slip off when I sat down. Yeah, you needed to picture it because I had to experience it.
This is my second concert event at the Amway Center and my second event that leaves me perplexed and concerned.  I am physically disabled and use a wheelchair.  I cannot transfer to a regular seat.   The elevator situation is atrocious!  Not only are the elevators difficult to locate, the staff does absolutely nothing to control the crowds or show priority to disabled guests who must use an elevator.  Staff members have no knowledge of alternative elevators. The crowd flow is horrible.  We were caught in a bottleneck of people trying to get to the garage via a small little bridge.  The flow inside the building means you're going against the flow of traffic at times for things.  I shudder to think what an emergency evacuation would be like as I definitely feel that I would not be safe. The staff is unfriendly and unhelpful.  We had won tickets and needed to exchange for disabled seating.  We understood doing this we weren't going to have our great seats that had been won, but the staff member was more than reluctant to exchange the tickets.  Patrons appeared to be a bother for all staff. I'm coming to the Tampa Bay Lightning game in about 2 months and I hope they will handle a sporting event better than a concert.   I would rather drive over an hour to the St. Pete Times Forum than choose to see the same concert at the Amway Center.
I visited Amway Center for the first time a couple of weeks ago for a free event, which is just about all I can afford (if Springsteen or Neil Young appears there, I'll make an exception). The was an open Magic practice, but more of a "please don't leave, Dwight" event.  Although the entire seating area wasn't open, the place was packed with about 9,000 people.  I sat in the rafters. I guess Amway is state-of-the-art -- quite nice and a fine addition to downtown.
Black Onyx gets this place ready for the show. The stage is set safely for every performance and the local crew tears it down in record times.  They're as professional as it gets here at the Amway arena. See a show...you'll see us next to the stage
So here goes it. Game 5 of the playoffs Orlando Magic versus Atlanta.. and what a high it was. It showed we can do it,  and we will this upcoming season. I'm going to start of with the negatives. * Stadium hotdog - I don't care what sporting event you are at you should be able to get a decent hot dog - Silver Spark Grill does not deliver one. It was just a huge messy failure, the bun split in half and was mushy, the mustard was watery and the ketchup did little to help. * Prices on food and beer - they are a little steep but I understand. A little tip on the beer go for the better quality draft instead of Budweiser in a bottle, a little more in price but a little more in volume and well worth it. * End of Game Shenanigans  - We paid good money for our seats and at the end of the game it seemed they let whoever wanted to take up the empty seats from people who didn't show or in our case the people in front of us who had to leave early because they had small kids, take those seats.  I wouldn't have cared however those people were rude, saying I was yelling too loud and that I coughed on him. Sorry for getting exciting about our team winning. If I wasn't having such a good time I would have complained. Maybe I should have complained.  I don't think I'll let it happen again. The Good News is that this place is awesome, there are plenty of places to eat that make up for the crappy hotdog. * Structure of the place is cool. We found it easy to meet up with our friends over at the Budweiser Bar. * Budweiser Bar was a nice pregame drink with friends, good service, and friendly fans dwell in this area. * Bathrooms are clean and not much of a wait * Service at the small beer stand we went to was awesome, and super friendly. She knew us after the first time we stopped there.  She was a volunteer but I wished she was an employee.   * Gentleman Jack Club Bar is super cool after game lounge area.  I tried one of their signature drinks for 9 bucks and was not impressed. The guys got beer and I got a beer as well, maybe I should have just went with a rum and coke an a beer. *  The last call for the game is weird its before the game ends. I see their point it is valid but is it almost too responsible? Perhaps not, perhaps I'm running on fumes here, you tell me.
This is not an arena. This is a palace. A palace filled with TONS of food options (albeit expensive ones), TONS of souvenier shops (albeit expensive ones), and TONS of seating (albeit...you guessed it...expensive ones). It is immaculate. The design is beautiful, the interactive features (such as the mini Orlando Magic Museum, the Disney lobby, the random Metro PCS store...) are entertaining, the view from the Sky 360 lounge is breathtaking, the whole place just gives me chills everytime I walk in. Prepare to pay an arm and a leg to park in the Geico Garage, conveniently attached to the arena by a glass skybridge a la the Orlando Science Center. Personally, I prefer to park at the Library parking garage (you can enter from either Central Blvd. or Pine St.), pay the cheaper parking (I payed $6 for parking for the Michael Jackson Immortal World Tour and $10 for a Magic game) and walk the 3 blocks to Amway. This is a beautiful addition to Downtown.
Attended the official opening of the arena and got an awesome preview!  At first the area looked small from the entrance area - it's a big change from the large open entrance with the grand staircase of the old Amway Arena. Oh but once you set foot into the building it does not disappoint!  It's 1000 times better than the old arena. Really high celling and large receiving lobby and large concourses through out the building. The "regular" seats are super comfortable too, hopefully I can try out the club seats soon! A few things worry me but hopefully it all works out...  the escalators going up to the seating area seemed to be a bit small.  The opening didn't even fill up 10% of the area from what I can tell and there was a huge bottle neck and cue to get up.  When I get to the upper level concourse, the hallway leading up to the seating area seemed a bit narrow.  Probably only 3-4 people wide, and there's steps to climb. I really can't wait to attend an official event - I'll make sure to update then!
I was extremely fortunate to watch a recent Magic game in courtside seats with access to the Mercedes Benz Lounge; a phenomenal experience that I hope all Magic fans get to experience at least once. The special wrist band that allows you to partake in the MB Lounge is as good as gold, or at least I thought so.  Before the game and until half time, dinner was served and served well.  From create your own nachos to spaghetti squash and fresh, carved turkey, the options were plentiful.  I went for the amazing Minestrone soup which would have received approval from my Italian grandmother.  And for beverages, everything was free except for liquor drinks.   Then, at half time, my favorite spread was offered -- dessert.  A make- your-own sundae bar was tonight's feature.  A chef scooped vanilla bean ice cream and the choice of toppings were spectacular: hot caramel, hot fudge, oreos, chocolate chips, whipped cream, cherries, and sprinkles.  And, if you wanted to get fancy, they had moist brownies, fudge cake and a variety of cookies to add to your sundae concoction.  Who needs basketball to watch basketball stars like Dwight Howard when you can have the best ice cream sundae ever?  Only kidding.  (but it was pretty amazing!) Good job Amway Center for creating the option to have such a wonderful time at a game!
Very fun place. Went in to watch a Hockey game. We had a suite, it was perfect. Food was good and good service. cool place to watch hockey.
According to Yelp, a five star rating equals = Woohoo! As good as it gets!.. This couldn't be more literal.  The new Amway Center has actually created the new standard to which all other arenas will be compared to for years to come! Being an Orlando resident, I have waited anxiously for this new venue to complete construction.  Today I had the opportunity to tour the new facility.  I can say without reservation that it not only met my expectation, but it soared above and beyond what I anticipated. The Amway Center offers around 1,200 seats more than the old Amway Arena bringing the total to 18,500!  Under other configurations it will be able to accommodate 20,000 patrons! The arena itself is said to cost $380 million with an additional $100 million in infrastructure and land!  Once you are inside, it appears that price tag is a bargain. Amway brought Harris Corporation in as their technology partner.  Harris has equipped the center with countless monitors and screens.  The mega tron hanging over center court is over 40 ft tall and all of the mega screens are full HD! The full extent of technology capabilities won't truly be realized until the venue hosts its first events. The architects and developers took great care to ensure that the new facility goes above and beyond meeting all ADA (Americans w/ Disabilities Act) requirements.  The new home of the Orlando Magic has nearly double the wheelchair and wheelchair companion seating and they are available on virtually every level of the venue.
I never have seen the old center, so I have nothing to compare it to. The sound quality of what I experienced was really great. I feel thelayout of the facilities nicely done and easy to maneuver. That being said, some of the signage is really difficult to figure out. The design of the building is somewhat awkward during intermission as lines for the restrooms can get extremely long, which spills into the hall walking space. that is a bummer. The food vendors seem to only have crap. This should not surprise me because people want to make money. However, it would be nice to have a small collection of whole fruit available at some of the hotdog places. It's kind of sad about the location of this place. I understand with gentrification there seems to be the hope that the area itself will improve based on new facilities. I'm not sure of the time expected with this downtown project area - all I know is that there is a noticeable mix of downtown homeless and those "regular folk " out to have a good time in this area. It's really sad to see the huge disparity in the way people live downtown. I understand that having the downtown homeless can make some people feel really uncomfortable. And I understand that it's probably not really comfortable to be one of the homeless downtown either. Whatever the case, both groups of people exist in downtown Orlando, so if going to this area just understand that it comes with the territory.
YAAAYYYY!!!! This place is beautiful! I'm SO excited about his being the new home of the Magic! When I first walked in, I was kind of overwhelmed. It's beautiful, huge, clean, and SO cool! LOVE the outdoor setup at Gentleman Jack's! So pretty on that patio overlooking downtown! The food is so much better than at the old arena. Much better options. O3 - the bar on the Ozone level, is pretty sweet, too! and ColdStone?! Are you kidding me? ALSO - as my quick tip says - they play the radio broadcast of the game in the bathroom!! How cool is that? You can take a potty break without missing anything! Not to mention all the TVs at the food stations - don't miss the game standing in line, either! LOVE this place!! Excited to check out some of the stuff on the club level next game!
Very fun place. Went in to watch a Hockey game. We had a suite, it was perfect. Food was good and good service. cool place to watch hockey.
This place is HUGE. Amazing. WOW its like walking into an airport terminal at a huge mall or concourse. Its massive and alot to take in. I was blown away at how nice everything is. The stores, and bars and the huge escalators. I couldn't afford the good seats so we sat way up in the promenade, which wasn't too bad,, we could still see kinda, but it was still nice. And when you look around its almost too much to take in. I loved it and it got so LOUD up in there. No Joking this place ROCKS! Seriously a fun time and you should definitely get there early to check everything out and grab some drinks at Gentleman Jack, or the Budweiser Baseline, or take your kids for some fun at Stuffs place. The lines are short because there is so much of everything. Check out Big Blue, they got Ultimate Nachos w/Tequila Lime chicken on them, Yummy and right next door is coldstone creamery, I had the cake batter omg so delicious. I will try to go back and with better seats next time.
I am a HUGE fan of the Amway Center. From day one what I've really loved is how friendly the staff is. Everyone is always saying, "Thanks for coming", "Enjoy your night", ect. Even when you are in the nosebleed section, everyone is very friendly. There is such a variety of food here at a not too expensive price (for an arena type setting) This place offers tons of seating and I've sat in the "nosebleed" seats a lot and the view isn't too bad. I love that for Magic games you can find tickets for $15 (including fees) when they play against lesser teams. That makes going to games affordable and doable for most people. This place is really state of the art and always super clean. They have a play area for kids during Magic games (pretty cool). Whether you are going here for a concert or a sporting event I don't think you'll be disappointed.
the arena is awesome, nothing really bad to say except $10 a beer or wine. And one bartender i had was kind of an ass. How he didn't notice the 6'4" dude right in front of his face, as he helped EVERYONE around, even if they came after me is mind boggling.   GREAT VENUE. Go Magic.
This arena is truly exceptional in both its design, customer service, and manner in how it gets the fans involved in the game. I had so much fun here and found it very easy to park as well as depart on I-4. The team may be bad, yet this venue is very, very good.
I'm honestly a little disappointed with the new Amway Center. After much fanfare during construction the building itself is beautiful inside and out. My major complaint that is that there is nothing that makes the Amway unique. The building is new and nice but after a few years it will be another run-down arena. I was particularly disappointed in the concessions. They are pretty standard and downright dull. It wouldn't hurt to embrace a bit of Florida's Cuban heritage and give fans an alternative to an overpriced hotdog and a Budweiser.
This is certainly the swankiest place I've ever been to for any event. I did have the good fortune to be sitting in Club seats so I'm sure that is swaying my impression. The food and drinks are still incredibly expensive but the selection is exceedingly better than our average arena. Ever employee we came in contact with was absolutely gracious and just for icing in the cake.....the bathrooms were nice and clean. As an added perk, the Church street entertainment zone is 2 blocks away. I was also pleasantly surprised that event parking for a city location was only $10. I look forward to my next opportunity to visit this spectacular structure.
I love coming to Orlando and going to Magic Games.  The venue rocks.  Something for everyone.  Beautiful building.
Just checked out the new Amway Center last night for a Magic preseason game and to echo what everyone else has said here, it's just a gorgeous facility and an exponential upgrade over the old Amway Arena a few blocks north. One of the biggest problems with the old building was the lack of space on the concourse--when a game or concert finished, the experience was reminiscent of say, a post-apocalyptic rush. In reality, it was just a fire and safety hazard. But the new building has three concourses and they're all easily twice the size of the one concourse at Amway Arena. So, if my math is correct, that's six times more walking and breathing space. Not only that, but the architecture both inside and out is beautiful, with a heavy emphasis on windows. In fact, pretty much the whole front entrance area is a giant window. It looks great as the sun is setting. Inside the arena (at least for a Magic Game) it's a wonderful experience. The new video boards are massive, the lights are bright and the atmosphere is already one of the best in the NBA. I just hope we get to see some championship banners hung in the rafters soon. I didn't get to check out the concessions, restaurants and bars too much but the fact that those things even exist at the new Amway Center makes it a huge upgrade. Go Magic.
The long and short of it is: this is a great place for the Magic to play, and even in the nosebleeds it's a lot of fun, but I hate this arena for concerts. Got free tickets to see the magic when the stadium first opened, and I cannot deny that it is a beauty. You have plenty of food and beverage options, and the atmosphere is always great. What I did have a problem with is that the place is awful for concerts. I sat in the nosebleeds for one concert last year, and I was terrified of falling over since everything was so steep. On top of that, the acoustics... What acoustics? It sounded like a bunch of noise. Not memorable at all. The concert I went to last weekend was somewhat of an improvement, since I sat in 111A, which was much closer. Still, I found that the acoustics were still pretty bad but sitting in the more expensive seats did get rid of that falling feeling I had up in the high levels. I like the tampa forum better overall. Sorry, Orlando.
There is not a better arena in the land.  I have been to many but this one is by far the best.  The food options are simply incredible from the normal concession stands to the food carts that serve sandwiches to the fancy restaurant (Jernigans) available. The place is phenomenal and I would recommend Jernigan's highly.  I think I may have forgotten to check in there when I went so I am not sure if I can post a review.
I know everyone is giving this place a million stars because it is new and shiny,but I just dont think its 5 star special, dont get me wrong it IS an amazing building in function and form (although a little ugly outside)... Im just going to list a few of my feelings on this establishment both good and bad. -Clean -Lots of space yet its crowded -Jumbotron on the building causes even more traffic on I-4! -Pleasing structure inside -Jack Daniels Bar -Drink Prices -Hype -Drink Prices ahhh -Sponsors Galore, someone spent a fortune! -Did i mention i had to sell my truck to buy drinks? So bring me an extra flask and I will see you there.
The Amway Center is located in the heart of downtown right off I-4, so it is very convinient to everything. I thought it would be much larger than the former Orlando Arena, but it was only slightly larger. My purpose was to attend an ECHL (minor, minor league) hockey game. I had called their office many times previous to going there and received both incorrect and "I don't know" answers from the staff which put me in a conundrum. I enjoyed the game and the hanicap seats are privately situated though a bit difficult to gain entry to immediately. Once you get the hang of it, it's fine. The Amway staff were EXTREMELY helpful and polite and the fans were a delight. But I found an indifference with the apparel selling staff. The traffic wasn't that bad afterwards, and you can easily grab a cab if you walk under the highway to the opposite side of the street.
I have been to the Amway Center one time, for a concert. While the facility looks nice, the acoustics were beyond horrible in the upper deck compared to the old arena. The echo and sound distortion was actually painful to listen to. I'll give this venue another chance at some time and update this review if it turns out that it was a one-time experience. Talking with friends, though, it does not sound like mine is an isolated observation.
I finally made my way to the new Amway Center and was impressed. I was there for a Magic game, meaning the house was almost packed. On each level of the center there was a good amount of food venues, as well as shops. Parking in the garage was $20 (which I think is ok for a venue like this), but there was parking across the street for $10 and $5 a tad farther away. Pro to being in the garage is being close to the arena...and if it;s raining there is a bridge connecting the two. Prices were higher than outside venues ($5+ for sodas, $8+ for beers, $6+ for food), but you shoul expect that when going to a professional arena. Restrooms were clean and there were plenty of them. There's nothing worse than having to wait in a long line to go the bathroom after several drinks. Only real con would be the burger I had. I asked the cashier what was on the "Magic" burger and was told meat, lettuce, tomato. After getting it, walking to a table and sitting down...I realize there was cheese and some sort of sauce. It was covered with it. Not very good. Would have been nice if there was a plain burger option.
Finally got to go to my first game in the new amway center just last week, magic won btw ;). So is it worth all the hype and huge costs to the city....... Yes and no Yes because its infinitely better than the old arena. Light years beyond it in fact. Its really nice to have a state of the art building to go into to cheer on your team. Everything is brand new, flat screens everywhere so you don't miss a second, food at every corner, drinks everywhere. Heck even bars and restaurants where you can still see the game... now there are some drawbacks. I imagine parking in the single garage next door would be awful when leaving. So tip of the day, park downtown and walk. The food although plentiful, was a bit iffy. Not only did it take forever to make things keeping you waiting and away from your seat, it seemed all the same. Just normal concession stuff. They have a few "nicer" things around but they weren't close and were super expensive. Same goes for drinks. beer was everywhere, but only in a handful of stands did they have anything other than your standard bud bud light miller light etc. having to walk half way around the arena just to get a guinness or a new castle is a bit much. They should just carry all beers in all the stands, simple solution. Despite these shortcomings, this arena is what this city needs. Not only for the magic but with this building there are tons of opportunities for events and concerts that normally wouldn't even come to central florida. I can't wait to go to more magic games and to see what events come here to this city and this new arena
I decided since I had a few days of downtime before the 2012 Walt Disney Marathon, I figured it'd be cool to see what's changed in the downtown area. While the city itself hasn't grown to the cultural/shopping epicenter of say The Big Apple or San Francisco, it's still nice to come back home to O-town after living a few years in NorCal and seeing the, uh new 'high'rise buildings being built here. Anyways, I also wanted to see the centerpiece of all this revitalization in the former ghetto section of the Parramore area by catching a Magic/Wizards game at the new Amway Center. In short, other than AT&T Park in San Francisco, you will be hard pressed to find a nicer sports venue to check out a game - from the multi-level concourse to the restaurant and lounge/nightclubs, this place is high class digs and quite impressive. Better still was the fact the Magic rumbled past the Wizards, with D-12 having a monster game. Go outside after, and you'll see a number of people walking about all enjoying themselves; due to the large crowds made up of families, college kids, and singles, it currently makes for a somewhat safe place at night as you walk over to the Church Street area. While it was a weekday when I went there, it was a little disheartening to see everyone basically scatter home instead of patronizing the bars and clubs. Which means, it'll be awhile till downtown Orlando actually gets up with the rest of the big boys when it comes to a vibrant night life. Hopefully, there will be more projects at work to offer visitors and citizens alike an opportunity to take spend more time and money in helping out the local economy. However, I feel that with the new Amway Center in tow, and as long as the Magic continue their winning ways, the development of the downtown area will continue to move in the right direction.
There is a new place to hang in Downtown Orlando. The Amway Center is the modern arena where you have restaurants, shops, bars, foot long hot dogs and Papa Johns Pizza. It even has a kids playground and XBOX 360s for you to play a 2K11 pick up game. Just get yourself the cheapest ticket, around $15, and spend a good 4 hours hoping around from one spot to the other. Did I mention that you can also catch up on a Magic victory and have a pleasant flight with Superman? Number 12 is in the building!
Very nice arena, super friendly staff. Clean in all areas. It has a lot of nice features such as the jack Daniels outside bar, the baseline bar, coldstone and more! I loved the easy access points. It's a great place to watch a game!
How amazing is the new Amway Center? So amazing I am up writing a review of it at four in the morning after visiting Amway Center for the first time for the October 17th Orlando Magic vs. Chicago Bulls game. I love postmodern architecture and the Amway Center has combined enough unique design features both inside and out to make it literally an outstanding, flagship, arena, while always incorporating very pragmatic features to support its mission as the Magic's home court and also a general-purpose show arena. A lot has been said (somewhat surprisingly to me) about the emphasis on restaurants and bars at the Amway Center . . . it is great they've established so many concessions for patrons, but for Magic fans obviously the foremost concerns are the court and views of the court. While my party had great seats, I feel from what I saw even the so-called "cheap seats" are not at all cheap or substandard in this arena. In contrast, all the seats appear to be super comfy and there is far more room to move around the asiles than in most basketball-oriented arenas. The Harris Corporation--mainly known for their defense-contractor projects in communications, but a local Titusville-based company--installed the monitors and audiovisual aspects of the Center and have done a stellar job producing not only means to watch every aspect of play during a game but also they've provided a seemingly endless number of moving LED screens wrapped around the interior to provide scores and other information. Just think of it this way: anything that can be done with viewscreens or moving dislays or lights with today's technology has been done here . . . and it's been done a lot . . . and it's been done right. The high-end concessions such as the Gentleman Jack bar and patio sponsored by Jack Daniels are certainly impressive areas, too, but all the public areas of the Center are impressive and offer more space to move about in than commonly found in such venues. The external architecture and landscaping/hardscaping have made the most of a difficult, actually rather small, plot of land dedicated to the Amway Center. Given its location right beside I-4 and in the busiest, most-crowded, part of downtown Orlando the Amway Center still--even on the outside--remains very well-poised and serene. At tonight's pre-season game against the Bulls, the house wasn't packed but there were plenty of fans attending. The overall basketball seating capacity of some 18,500 seats is impressive by any standard. Whether for the Magic's home games or concerts or anything else, the Amway Center has proven that careful, expert, architecture and design really can add a lot to a sports or entertainment experience.
Is nice since it's been remodeled and have a variety of events. Parking is super expensive and is terrible sound wise for concerts. Sporting events are great here though.
..this place is awesome...I go here for the Magic games (GO MAGIC!) and also have been here as well for a comedy show (Bang Bang Tour w/ Chelsea Handler feat. Jo Koy). I love this place and it's a great experience every time I come here. The One80 Grey Goose Lounge is a good place to come to after the game or even on a normal downtown night (no cover!) but get here quick since it gets SUPER packed at times. I'm a fan...thanks Orlando!
This is an absolutely fantastic stadium - absolutely brilliant. Lots of food and drink options, loads of bars and the views from the cheap seats were very good indeed. All topped off with an amazing electronic display which - in effect - used the whole stadium perfectly. But, what this doesn't do is add to the atmosphere. In fact, it can detract from it. I was there for the Minnesota game and it was a complete blow-out and it was clear that the game was over as a competition very early on. Maybe if and when there's a big game on it would be different but for our game there seemed to be never more than 50% of the seats taken (for an advertised sell-out) with people too busy wondering around in the shops and at the food concessions. Now - you people should come to our football (soccer to you!) stadiums to see that there's a perverse logic in only having the minimum number of dirty toilets, a place to put on a bet and a tiny serving hatch selling horrible pies, luke-warm coffee and microwaved burgers. It means we only eat and drink if we absolutely have to and we spend the rest of the time doing what we're there for; watching the match! And - what is it with people wearing other shirts to games? I saw Lakers, Celtics and Miami Heat shirts. Now that would never, ever happen over here. Or indeed anywhere else. Crazy.
Shiny new stadium, delicious Kona beer, Gluten Free beer and dedicated food carts, friendly workers, clean bathrooms and floors - what could be missing? Fans!!! We were at a Magic game on a Friday night and the stadium was half full and most of those folks were tourists like us who were looking for something to do after visiting the parks all day. Sure the team isn't very good this year, but they played hard and there was just no excitement in the stadium. They even had some grandmas out on the court dancing during a timeout. One star taken away for the overly dedicated ushers who wouldn't let us move down from our balcony seats despite entire sections in the lower bowl remaining vacant.
Terrible sound , KISS nearly killed me with there distorted sound level. And you should be warned in advance that explosives will be used during the show. I love the band but I have a heart condition and I had to leave after 5 songs. As for the concession , they suck , the food is close to the taste that ORMC serves. This is an alcohol venue and possible DUI trap with the amount of cops and booze they serve. They ran out of handicap spots on level 5, sent us to 6 and had to watch my friend in a wheel chair struggle . OPD should check TAGS not BAGS and 20 bucks to park , Mayor Buddy give ADA a break and the residents of Orlando a parking discount but the fountain is getting paid for.
What is not to love?  This place rocks!  I have only been to new arena a few times, but really love how it is layed out. They have dozens of choices for food.  I would definitley recommend Jernigan's.  The food is great, and you get an awesome view of the game.
I've visited the new Amway Center for a few Magic Games.  Being a fan of the team since I was in elementary school and attending numerous games in the Amway Arena (aka TD Waterhouse Centre or better known as the O-Rena), I couldn't have imagined a more spectacular place for the Magic to call their new home. First of all, the new center is huge; I walked in and I thought I was in a large hotel.  There are multiple levels to explore.  The seating is much different than the old arena, as there is sort of a lower bowl, middle bowl, and upper bowl.  I've enjoyed seats in the lower bowl and middle bowl.  The seats themselves felt a little more spacious, but I there seemed to be less legroom between your knees and the seat in front of you.  A large jumbotron (with a super clear picture too) allows for easy viewing of the game wherever you may be seated. I think the new trend going to the Magic games is to pay for cheap seats in the upper bowl (they go as low as $5 or $10) and then hang out at the bars the whole night.  The bar area that overlooks the court stays packed the entire game.  The food selection or quality is not much different than the old arena, except more expensive.  A fancy restaurant also resides in the center, which I will considering visiting in the future. One of my favorite parts of the new center is the Fan Zone, where you can relive all of the great moments of the team's history by walking a distance of only about 50 yards.  There's a lot of memorabilia and fun facts about the Magic that you could spend quite a while reading.  There's also a Kids Zone (which all the kids in it looked like they were having an amazing time) and of course plenty of places to pick up merchandise throughout the center.  Another cool part that I enjoy is the speakers in the bathroom so you can hear the game play by plays.  You never have to miss out on what's going on in the game if you leave your seat. :) Parking is expensive in the garage attached to the center ($20) but you can find a bunch of garages and lots in the vicinity for much cheaper ($10 and sometimes $5). Go Magic!
I was lucky enough today to get a behind the scenes tour of the new Amway Center.  It was awesome.  There are so many great features and it's so pretty.   There are things to do for all price ranges.  There are a number of lounges that are open to all ticket holders (yes that means even the $5 ticket holders).  There is one bar area that overlooks the court.  You can sit there and drink and watch the game.  This is first come, first serve and is open to anyone who gets there early enough.   There is also a restaurant that overlooks the game.  Reservations are needed in advance.   On non-game days, they have a bar/lounge that will be opening soon. The jumbotron is insane.  It's the biggest in the country as of now.  They have the ability to split the screens into different parts or show one continuous image.  It is very impressive.   I can't wait to see an event here!!
I was fortunate to attend a game and got to view it from the founders suite. WOW!!! amazing view, the place is very large, the center screen is amazing and the arena is very well put together. State of the art facility, the parking is a bit overpriced but I have noticed that everything new cost extra. the food stations had today's kinda food, not stuck on the typical fare. The bar was a popular place. If you get a chance of someone inviting you to a suite event , GO... It is worth it.
A true architectural gem for Orlando, not only is this facility the best-of-the-best when it comes American sports facilities and event venues, the facility is designed with the heritage and history of Orlando in mind, you will find locally-inspired public artwork, exhibits featuring Orlando Magic history, and not to mention the fact that the building is situated in a strategic location with picture perfect views of the downtown skyline and beyond from the various levels of concourses.. Inside the arena you will immediatly notice (compared to the old Amway Arena) dramatic differences including a grand atrium lobby entrance, spacious concourses with plenty of restrooms and amenities, expansive multi-level seating and pricing options, a massive state-of-the-art HD jumbotron, an impressive quality sound system audible throughout the enitre facility, hip bars and lounges from top to bottom (literally), endless concession options ranging from classic stadium food to specialty entrees and beer selection, merchandise galore including a full-time Orlando Magic team shop with a street-side entrance, and so much more.. For those who were skeptical about the new arena I invite them to personally experience this gem and realize what it will bring to Orlando.. I look forward to many exciting events to come at the Amway Center, this is something to be proud of as an Orlando Resident!
Sat in the LOGE seating (G4) WOW, what a nice arena center. Will definitely go back when we want to see another concert.
I've seen NBA games at dozens of arenas around the country and I'm trying to decide if I've ever been in a place where the building and game day atmosphere is any better than the Amway Center...  After much reflection, I can say it doesn't get any better than the Orlando Magic's Amway Center. 1st, the surrounding areas are full of pre and post game activities including the restaurants and pubs around Church street.  Kids games are set up outside the center and radio stations are giving away freebies and stirring up the pre game crowd. Once inside, the place is beautifully architected and thought through.  Multiple clubs and restaurants are available for pre game dining.  Dozens and dozens of food stalls offer cuisine ranging from Cuban to gluten free to foot long chili dogs.  All bases and demographics are covered. The seating seems intimate for such a large arena, each section is divided each 10 rows so it doesn't seem like a huge mass of cheap seats in the upper deck. The kids club is extremely well thought through with a private area for smaller kids to play basketball and work off energy. Bottom line, Amway Center has raised the bar on new arenas in the NBA!
Love, Love, Love.  This place is fantastic and so happy to have a new arena so close to home.  I was there for every single Magic game last season and the new arena is definitely a much better experience for the Magic games than the old Amway Arena was.  The concerts here are also great.  The sound in the arena is outstanding, and the size of the new complex allows for a lot more tickets to be available for all of the events, which is much appreciated when things are in popular demand. Needless to say I'm a huge fan and you can find me there very often.
Last night was actually the first time I had stepped foot in the brand new Amway Center. A little late, I know. But forgive me if I don't have $70-$100 to be tossing around to go and see shows here all the time. The first thing that I have noticed since the addition of the Amway Center to the downtown Orlando area is that from the outside, the setup is immaculate and at the same time welcoming. What I mean by this is that it looks impressive as any large venue should, but also had this shopfront, dowtowny feel about it. If I had to describe what makes the Amway Center unique, I would say this is probably it. Additionally, I enjoy the tower which can be seen prominently from I-4 and can be illuminated with bands of different colored light--an ingenius marketing strategy. As far as the interior of Amway is concerned, the open atrium area and separation of the escalators by East and West I think is very helpful when it comes to crowd control. Granted, there will always be hundreds of people on the escalator at a time during any show rush...but there is also a rather wide staircase to help with that. The actual arena itself stunned me at first with the overly comfortable seats and aesthetically pleasing LED panels that surround the entire bowl. However, the more I started to consider it, the more I realized that it is quite small compared to the old Amway Arena. I am not sure how I feel about quality trumping quantity, in this case. And as long as we're on that subject, I have to say I now realize why parking is an issue. With the geographic location of the arena, it is hard to fit in a parking garage massive enough to accommodate everyone. If it were me I would have taken this into consideration before building the place and made sure enough parking was secured. However, I suppose you can park in the general area and walk over. It's just that this creates chaos once shows get out--people are leaving lots, garages from every direction all at once and it is a MESS. All in all, there are so many aspects of the Amway Center I could comment on, but I think I am in favor of saving them for a second edit. For now, I am only mildly impressed, so 3 stars is my rating.
Having frequented the Amway Center (Magic and Predators games, concerts), I have tried much of the food.  I consistently find that the Blue Taco restaurant, which is located on the Terrace Level (3rd floor), delivers great food for the price.   The taco meat, either steak or chicken, is delicious, and the toppings are all fresh.  They even top it with what appears to be queso fresco, a nice accent to the taco itself.  They also serve nachos, if you are not in the mood for a taco, topped in the same fashion.  It does take them more than the typical time of another restaurant there to make your food, but it seems well worth the wait. Compared to chicken tenders and fries, or a burger, this just has the look and taste of something a little more upscale.
Beautiful arena. Haven't been to Orlando for a concert in a while. And though it's been around for a few years now, I haven't seen anything at the Amway Center. Boy was I missing out. I was there to see Rod Stewart & Stevie Nicks for my mom's birthday. While I hesitated when she said she wanted seats on the floor, it was her birthday. So worth it. The show was amazing and we had the best time. All the staff are friendly and will quickly point you in the right direction when you get turned around. Definitely putting Orlando back on my radar when watching for tour dates.
There's nothing really bad to say about the Amway Center. Lived in Florida for two years and watched some games there. The place looks amazing and I know some people that worked there so I can say that they have nice personnel. I watched the Magics play from the nosebleed seats and was having a hard time trying not to think about vertigo which was my only problem. If you can't afford good seats in the place then you'll probably be watching the game from the screen which you could probably do at home anyway.
I guess I was expecting something above and beyond the old Amway. What I saw was limited so I can't give a full review. The seats are a bit uncomfortable and the leg room is limited especially for tall people like me. I can't understand the steep stairs that lead from the concessions to the seats. I think it was an architectural mistake and I can see it being dangerous especially for people that have had too much to drink.
I have mixed feelings about the Amway Center, and Magic games in particular. On one hand: Visually, it's a sleek and modern building, both interior and exterior. The lines at the concession stands and bathrooms are much shorter than in the old arena. The food and drinks are still on the expensive side, but at least they're edible now (not to mention there are more options to choose from). Plus, it's a lot closer to the nightlife/entertainment district downtown than the O-Rena (RIP). On the other hand: The seats are further away from the action, and sitting up in the nosebleeds can subject you to vertigo. Every game I've been to has had huge pockets of empty seats, but ushers were adamant about checking every ticket, even in the 4th quarter. The atmosphere at games seems subdued, if not sterile, compared to the old place, though I suspect that's no different from most other NBA venues these days. All that said, when put side to side with O-Rena, the new digs provide a much better gameday or concert experience. It's a nice venue that the locals and the tourists alike can enjoy.
This place is stunning! I went here for the Lil Wayne concert and also to a a magazine party and it is simply beautiful inside. Go to a kick ass event or show here and look your best because you never know who you are going to run into. This place is WAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY cooler than the ARENA!   #TEAM AMWAY IS THE ISH
Thank you for such an awesome building and friendly staff! I was lucky enough to be in the luxury suite and its way better than the standard seats!!!!  Enjoyed the game with a dozen friends and I'm looking forward to the next game. Food was good, service was awesome and the Magic won their game!
Watched Magic lose to the Pistons. Other than that disappointment the place is great. Check out Gentleman Jack's outside bar. Fantastic. Great skyline view, comfortable seating and you can watch game on all the Flat screens all around. Check out all the different options for food and drink. Lots of choices! One of the interesting displays was the team history.  Huge shoes, old photos etc. Lots of fun.  Made me realize how long ago all this started even though it seems like just a couple of years.  It's been almost 20! Great place. Too bad the taxpayer had to foot the bill. Otherwise great spot.
Go Magic
I've been here several times for Magic games. The new Amway Center is beautiful. There are plenty of concession stands, plenty of room and lots of style. There are several different places I have yet to explore in this place such as Gentlemen Jack's Terrace, O-Zone and so forth. The food is priced as you would expect for an arena. $5 or so for a beer, about $6-10 for food depending on what you are wanting to purchase. The food is pretty good and the beer selection is limited. I believe they mainly offer Heineken and Bud Light or Budweiser. There is also a liquor "bar" located in different areas of the arena, so depending on the area you are located in, it might be a walk to find it. If you get a chance to experience a Magic game or any other event here, I would definitely recommend checking out this venue.
First time to the arena and we really had a great time.  I don't know the attendance that night, but the concession lines were always short and the workers were courteous. The only gripe I had was about their jumbo hot dog, or whatever they call it.  It's $6 and it was sort of gross, to put it mildly.  It was burnt up everywhere, shriveled, the bun was wet and in two separate pieces. They have a thing at the arena where you e-mail them a picture of your group at the game and they put it up on the big screen.  I sent them a picture of the hot dog to see if it would make it to the big screen.  Haha!  It never made it up, but they responded nicely about getting future e-mails about the Orlando Magic.  I'm sure it was a standard or automatic response, but I got a kick out of it anyway. Don't let the hot dog scare you!  It's a nice arena with plenty of parking.  We even ended up walking by what we presumed were the players' cars parked on the street.  A Lambourgini was one of them.
Went to the Spurs game. Not a bad seat in the house as we were in Section 217 Row 4. Food was not overly expensive in the normal sense of being at a sports venue as the Cheeseburger and Fries were good. Only gripe I have is the parking being $20.00 to park anywhere close to the place. We ending up parking on South Street for $5.00. I went to a game earlier in the year and parked in the Geico Garage. Beaware if you park here you will be waiting for an extended time after the game. Has 2 Entrances and 2 Exits. Only one open after the game is the Division exit so a traffic jam ensues in the garage. Overall a GREAT NEW PLACE to watch the Magic.
!!!
Orlando has a new arena and "I was there"! We arrived with half of Orlando to the Amway Center's community open house on Saturday, October 2, 2010. We parked in the Geico garage ($20 event parking) and used the pedestrian bridge to get to the arena. The arena staff was bright and enthusiastic on this grand opening day. We were greeted with lots of big smiles and, "Welcome to the Amway Center". The staff was not only welcoming but knowledgeable too. The employees were able to answer questions and provide facts about the new Amway Center. We walked the two main levels (Level 3 and 5), scored a private tour of Level 4 (suites and private lounges/restaurants) and went down to the floor and to the Magic's locker room and high end Mercedes-Benz Star Lounge. We collected handfuls of brochures, cards and giveaways. My son absolutely LOVED Stuff's Castle, a play area for kids. What a great addition to the arena, it sure was tough convincing him to leave! We tried seats at the top of the arena all the way to front row. The seats are much more comfortable than the old arena and the view isn't bad, even the nose bleeds are better at the new arena than at the old. And finally they have cup holders! The mass of LED lights are dazzling. The gorgeous Jumbotron gives new meaning to the word "Jumbo" and has multiple displays to make sure you don't miss any of the action. The building is LEED certified which means the arena will use 20% less energy and 40% less water than arenas of similar size. Specifically the arena features dual flush toilets, high efficiency heating and cooling, recycling bins and (sorry smokers) no smoking ANYWHERE inside or within 25' of the building. The layout is bright and airy with lots of windows giving an overlook of I-4 and the cityscape. I LOVE the open air bars, The Terrace Bars and Sky Bar, all with a chic modern flair. Many of the walk up food vendors were shuttered but we were able to see that there was a large variety of food offerings- everything from Noodle Bowls to Cold Stone Creamery. Our private tour consisted of Jeringan's- a full service sit down restaurant overlooking the action below. There will be two sittings (reservations highly recommended) for a Vegas-style buffet at about $36 each. FYI- we were told by the owner that the best sitting for the game would be the second. The only negative I would say about the arena is the lack of ways to go up or down. For instance, our full elevator was traveling from Level 5 to Level 3. When we stopped at Level 4 for the Mayor of Orlando, Buddy Dyer, we had to tell him he couldn't get on and the door shut in his face. It gave us all a good laugh but this happened every time we tried to use an elevator. It happened to us when we tried to exit Level 4. WE were the ones getting laughed at by the full elevators! We ended up walking halfway around the arena to find a set of stairs and escalators were few and far between.
I finally made my first visit to the Amway Center so that I could watch the Celtics take on the Magic.  The game was entertaining (to the extent that a lopsided game can be entertaining) but the Amway Center was the real winner of the night.  It is by far the most comfortable arena that I have visited.  Great site lines. Comfortable seating.  Easy entry and exit.  Excellent amenities.  The only complaint that I have about the Amway is the prices charged by the vendors -- $4.50 for a 20 ounce soda is just too much.  Food and beverage aside, the venue is great -- so much so that I have already put down a deposit on a partial ticket plan for the Magic for next year.
Awesome arena.  Very clean and safe.  Parking is close and there is plenty of it!
This place is one of the greatest music venues in Florida although the reason why I can't rate it 5 stars are the water bottles they don't give you caps because there afraid you are going to throw caps at people  and I'm very clumsy long story short wet pants!
Came last week for Chelsea Handler, and as it was a last minute descision, had seats in the 16th row of section 216. Thats the roof. The highest seat available. I took a Xanax. I scaled the mountain slowly, leaning foward gripping the railing with both hands. I looked insane. I made it to our seats. There is no glass wall, no seatback of the person in front of you..just open air 150 feet up. TERROR! (I should note at this point, there were quite a few people unsettled by the steepness of the stairs/lack of ony real barriers) I crawled backwards down the stairs. In hindsight I should have had this videotaped. I told the usher Tom Goodman of my problem, and told him I was happy to stand and watch the monitor, or sit in the section they had roped off that had a fully obstructed view...anything to avoid the heights. He said give him a few minutes, so we spent about 20 minutes walking around. It is a BEAUTIFUL facility...I love all the Orlando Magic themed tables, and light up stars everywhere, and there does seem to be a good amount of eateries. I returned to Tom for the word on seating, because I was NOT going back up Everest. He pulled two tickets out of his pocket. Not only were they in a whole different, far better section, but they were directly in front of a plexiglass wall, so that I could actually "feel the safety". Awesome customer service like this is why I give this place 5 stars. He went beyond above and beyond to help me. In addition to him, every employee I came accross was incredibly friendly. Definitely will come for another event (and plan better for good seats) .
Best of the best arenas in the world.
About the only redeeming quality of the new Amway Center is that it's pretty. That's where it ends. We went to the Magic game last night and although there was an employee every couple of feet, none of them were doing anything. They couldn't answer any questions, they didn't offer to help, notta. Remember the Saturday Night Live skit with the flight attendants saying "bu bye" as the guests deplaned? That's what it felt like at the Amway Center - robots standing around saying "hello" and "thank you for coming." But don't ask them where anything is because no body knows. When we arrived and parked in the new garage - big mistake - we had to wait 10 minutes while the employee directed people through a doorway, really? Only to find out we had to go all the way downstairs and to the clear opposite side of the arena to find will-call. Whose idea was that? Everything is so spread out that you will spend an entire period looking for drinks and food because you can't get more than one thing at one place. BBQ? yes, but on the other side because there is only one BBQ stand. Do you want a Blue Moon and someone else wants Mich Ultra - go on an adventure, because they are in two different places too. God forbid you go here with kids who usually don't want the same thing as anybody - you will be walking the venue the entire event to find anything. I left at the beginning of the second period to find 2 drinks and a pack of nuts. I came back and there was only 3 minutes left in the quarter. DUMB DUMB DUMB. And the food, barely edible. The bun on the burger sounded like a gavel hitting a marble counter when you tried to take a bite and the fries weren't even cooked. $40 for food we couldn't eat! Were any marketing companies, food & beverage quality checkers, customer service companies, moms, or women involved in this project? Somehow I think not. So, word of advice if you go to this venue for any event, don't go hungry, thirsty, or in need of a restroom and make sure you have an extra $20 - that's just for the parking.
It's beautiful here! I really like the way they constructed this center. I went here for the first time last night to watch my first ever live Magic Game. =] I had a blast the workers here were so joyous and fun. The security guard got off her cool segway thing just to take a picture for me.
Like any arena with high priced gear and food ha ha ha.  Seriously I must say that the remodeling was awesome!  This place looks sooooooooooo nice and fun to watch the Magic Games.  I like that the food stands have healthy options which many do not and for my healthy lifestyle that is huge for me.  Also, located in a cool part of Downtown Orlando which you can hit up local places afterwards.
Go Magic! I love the new Amway. As a season ticket holder the new arena was great for Orlando. The food in the Mercedes Benz lounge is average, but I'm going for the love of the game!!!
Five year magic season ticketholder. I love the new Amway Center! The best food here? Try the gourmet sandwich kiosk near the Budweiser Bar. Go Magic!
Wow! Great arena! Very nice! Although, I could not believe how expensive the drinks were. I know that you'll always pay more, and I don't mind, but to pay $9.25 for a bottle of beer???!!!!!
This place is ridiculously awesome.
came here for a graduation. Was very clean and nice interior. Look really small for a show but that might have been the set up we were in for the graduation.
This place is so amazing the name should be changed to the Amway-zing Center. Think I'm silly??? Think again and go see for yourself. Though I may always be partial to the friendly confines of the Amway Arena, I can't even begin to think of anything negative to say about the center. It is kind of large, spacious, and empty when you first walk in, but once you take that first trip up an escalator you are transported to only what I can describe as where God sends sports fans once they get into heaven. I love the gigantic drawings of the players on the walls, and the murals that are on the walls at the food joints. It seems like every where I turn I see JJ Redick staring at me and there is absolutely nothing wrong with that. A few drawbacks I have had so far, is I get confused, I just don't know where the escalators are taking me and what level I'm on. That knowledge will come with time. In my random walkings last night we came upon a little stand entitled "Nacho, Nacho". They were possibly the second best nachos I have ever had in my life. The best nachos I've ever had were at the Natural Nacho place at Amway Arena. Trust me nachos are the only only thing the Arena does better than the Center. Another drawback is that the arena itself is just huge and steep! So even though we are in the same seats as last year, it just seems so much farther away. Can't complain too much though that's just the nature of the beast. Now I have had yet to actually drive to the arena to park (I live in walking distance) but I have no idea where anyone parks?? There is one parking garage and I'm curious to know if it really holds enough parking for 18,000 people. Enough about drawbacks, let's talk about the Gentleman Jack Club. It's absolutely breathtaking. You walk through the door and you are transported to a classy club outside on a terrace 100 feet in the air. It's an open air lounge, that overlooks downtown Orlando. The past 2 games I find myself going out there at half and never going back inside. It's just been so beautiful out and there are televisions everywhere that I just don't see a need to go back inside. I have everything I need, a cool breeze, good friends, Magic on tv, and Jack Daniels. Why would I go back in??? Anyways, if you haven't been yet I suggest you get there now. Be Magic.
This is an amazing venue.  I am not of fan of heights, and the upper level makes feel like I need a parachute.  You can always watch the game from  one of the bars whose names I can't remember.
Update number two, went to see Van Halen Thursday and the show was great. The venue still has crappy sound, horrible, narrow floor seating and lousy overpriced food and drink. In fact, we got sandwiches and I swear the bun was scientifically engineered to force beverage consumption, thus the purchase of additional overpriced mediocre beer. On top of that they must have had at least one security guard for every two concert goers. As much as I like being safe, it was pretty intrusive while you are trying to enjoy the show to have people walking in front of you constantly with flashlights etc. Bottom line, if there is any other venue you can reasonably get to for a show do it!
My first game at the Amway Center was an interesting one. First off, I want to say the facility is beautiful. Huge windows, everything is clean and bright. It really looks quite outstanding. The inside is quite large. Not really a bad seat in the place. The sound system from the upper deck sounded pretty awesome. The bass from the opening Magic video was awesome. Only really two things irked me about this new place. First, upon entering the building and ascending to the 3rd deck, the escalator from the 2nd deck to the 3rd deck is scary. This death-scalator doesn't appear to have too much support underneath it. As you approach it, there's a security person that works for the Amway Center only letting about half the escalator fill up. Once the escalator is emptied, they allow it to fill up half way again as if there was full capacity on it, it would collapse. It's somewhat a scary thought. Second, the previous few weeks before I actually made it to the Amway Center, I saw pictures of the food in many many peoples blogs. It looked soo good. Almost gourmet like I think. Walking through to my seat, I see "Cheeseburgers and Hot Dogs", "Hot Dogs and Chicken Tenders", "Chicken Tenders and Cheeseburgers", etc. Everything was fried and quite bad for you. There was a Papa John's mixed in but that's just as bad. Walking around I saw two wayyyy overpriced stands offering turkey or beef sandwich with chips or Asian noodles. Wow! I was very very disappointed in the food selections. I ended up getting a burger and it was just bun and patty. NOTHING else...a freaking soggy bun and patty. I will be eating prior to games and events here. It's pretty sad that a turkey sandwich is more expensive than my game ticket! Oh well. The beer wasn't too expensive and the games are good.
One of the best Venue's in the US period. Row 1 Seat 13 and the Star  Lounge plus the Gentleman Jack Club a little overwhelming for a first visit. I got to meet some childhood favorites of mine Bo Outlaw and Nick Anderson. The staff here from the bottom floor to the top were more than courteous I can't count how many times people said "Enjoy the game" and I did just that and so much more. I'm glad the City of Orlando is getting the All Star Game 2012.
The Amway is a beautiful venue.  Its a great source for the community to generate revenue.  There really isn't a bad seat in the house but they could use cup holders for the seats in the Ozone section and the other problem is that the rows are very close together.  I do like the fact the building is eco-friendly and has plenty of bathrooms and a variety of choices for food. The Amway is a great way to bring the community together.
Go Magic!  Go Solar Bears!  I love Orlando and its new Amway Center!  Beautiful!!!
It is  a very nice arena.  The fans love the Magic even though they suck now. Amway Center actually has suites and boxes. Amway Arena did not.  During the time I went the vibe was nice but different than Phillips Arena in Atlanta. Next time in Orlando I would go again.
Nice arena and nice amenities.  Nothing off the wall extravagant but it's nice for concerts and games.  Not very impressed with Mercedes Benz Star Lounge at all.  Tampa Bay Times Forum blows it away.
Beautiful Arena.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.  Easy Parking.  Centrally located in the middle of a bunch of bars & restaurants.
Best in the world! Amazing atomsphere and just so state-of-the-art! Im proud to be a part of this city where we have an amazing arena to host events. Sure the Magic arent doing as well as we would like to but I know they will get better and this venue is the perfect place to do it.
I like the new facility and how they have integrated into downtown. Even though it is  across i-4,  it is downtown and should build some synergy with the entertainment spots there. I'm not really a fan of us taxpayers paying for the team's stadium, but I do think the results are spectacular..
Been here for a few Magic games and last nigt for a concert. Even being in the "nose bleed" section, we managed to have an amazing view of the area. Wish they'd turned on the huge tv in the middle of the arena but it was still awesome.
The new arena is awesome! During the opening season we were still in Boston so we didn't have a chance to check it out. This past year (2011-12) we went for the first time early in the season. We had a great time!  The whole facility is really nice.  All kinds of nice amenities and huge new concourses. Restaurants, bars, and all types of food vendors.  We have gone to several Magic games since, and the wife has gone to a couple of concerts.  It's a great venue for all kinds of events.  Overall, the Amway Center is as good as it gets.
I enjoy the new arena. I love the fact I can walk to it (perk of livin in dt Orlando.) it offers a wide variety of drinking and food choices. The lower bowl seats are ideal. If you go on a slow night you may be even lucky enough to get a free upgrade like I did for the brad paisley concert.
Went to an arena football game here. Nice new venue.
Great venue - good food  - stay away from the nosebleeds seats as they really are up there
Beautiful venue, great service and very helpful employees
One of the best indoor venues in America
Beautiful arena...good view even in the Ozone section...really nice people
Great venue, loved it. Went to a magic game in the very last row and wasn't even near as far as I thought it would be. That was enough for me right there.
An amazing venue for an amazing team!
This is a beautiful arena and #1 in the NBA.  It is also a great venue for high volume concerts with friendly, informed staff and top-notch security.  Love this place :)
I go here for the Orlando Magic games and they are pretty fun, but the seating is terrible. If you want to see any player you have to sit in the lower bowl. If not you will just have to watch the players on the jumbo tron to even see what's happening. P.S. you could alredy do that at home. Amway Arena was a lot better than the new Amway Center.
this place is beautiful.
Such a great building!! New, clean, & friendly staff (except for this one cranky old man that yelled at me to go the other way) but won't hold it against everyone else lol food was great also when we watched a magic vs. bulls game on 3/19
Went here for the first time last Sat for the Elton John show. The building itself is beautiful & love the "going green" concept. For a 3 hour show- we never encountered a line, or mobs of pple. That was odd but to our benefit for bathroom use & buying beers. The staff couldn't have been more accommodating & attentive. Best staff I've ever encountered at a concert! The negatives don't outweigh the positives but they were frustrating to say the least. The beautiful city skyline rooftop bar is gorgeous. Just be aware that you can't smoke there even if it is outside. No problem. The irritating part was after we purchased 2 beers @ $9.25 a piece, we were not allowed to take them back to our seats or walk the concourse to go to the smoking area on the West side of the building. Never got a clear answer why. All the tv's in the concourse areas never showed any of the concert while you were getting a beer etc. it was quiet as a mouse. Maybe because it's an NBA arena? I know at football games they show the game on the tv's if you have to leave your seats. The escalators were switched to the going down position at an early time in the evening. Way before the show ended. Causing u to walk way out of the way to catch an elevator which had an employee running it with no pple on it! If you smoke, we all understand we have to go outside. Please note they only have one area on the west side of the building. You have to have your ticket stub scanned to go in and out. This area closes early too. My whole perception of these glitches are: come to a concert here but we don't want you hanging out in the concessions area, or walking around for extended periods of time. Yes, we came to see a show but, you should not be made to feel like you should be regulated to sit in your seat the whole time. We did have a great time, really we did! Elton John was great.
very nice arena. large and great seating. i had seats on the second level and saw the entire basketball game fine. nachos are good and the cheese, not sure what they put it in but it's good! lol  there is a bar on the roof top that seems interesting. looks upscale and classy and it is supposed to have a view of downtown orlando but i just saw the highway.lol what a view! lol  looks like they really try hard and that's what turned me off from hanging out there. there is another bar/lounge in the arena that looked a lot busier but not as classy per say. whatever. it's orlando and they really are trying hard to make the city better, so A for effort for the bar/lounges in the arena and AAA for making the arena so beautiful.
loved it
First of all, drinks and food are waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyy overpriced! I mean, $7 dollars for a freakin' domestic beer? Thats outragous! Bought two club soda and vodka's from the outside bar and my tab what $18.50! WTF!? I could have drank all night at my local bar and my tab would have been about that much. And as big as this place is, the men's bathrooms are very, very, small. Waited in line for the entire half time during the magic game. I guess all those idiots that payed all that money for drinks during the game all had to use the bathroom at the same time as me.
Way better than the arena, it makes it worth the extra price for tickets, GO MAGIC!!!!!!!!
