Man Orlando has a ways to go with this scene...maybe just a super off night?  For the bar's sake I hope so.  Im def spoiled by Chicago and West Coast, but if youre going to imitate, do it right. Pros: -Voicemail & password entry:  got me excited like it was a real secret Cons: -No one followed the house rules. Not even the bartenders.  Sure rules are dumb, but if youre trying to create an atmosphere its necessary.  Bartender on phone.  Loud drunk frat boys at the end of the bar.  No enforcement=just another bar. -Female bartender eating behind bar.  Touched shirt and hair all constantly while flirting with patron.  Didnt even dress to fit the part.  Then made drinks without washing hands...ah. -Drinks weren't bad but not worth $12. -Drunk worker off the clock talking to other bartender obnoxiously, serving drinks to himself and helping behind bar. -Bartenders seemed too afraid to uphold any standard.  I probably could have made my own drinks. I hate to bash this place, but I hope it does it some good.
A friend recommended I try Hanson's Shoe Repair, so three of us went out downtown for a low-key birthday celebration, and we decided to start at Hanson's for our first drink. In case you don't know, you have to cut through the NV bar, head upstairs and look for the ornate wooden door to your right. The guy by the door and sweet girl who walked us up the dark stairwell couldn't have been any nicer or more helpful. The sweet girl showed us the menu and explained the fabulous drinks. Our bartender was terrific! He chatted with us as he made our amazing drinks and couldn't have been more polite. Now, I knew this was a quiet, eclectic bar, with a very low-key, yet hip, vibe, but I wanted to document our girls' night out with a quick picture (hello....social media!). Well, turns out the other bartender (who did not wait on us) and a few patrons did not appreciate the flash on my phone. Oops, sorry! However, the reaction of that particular bartender and those few patrons was ridiculous. It was as if they couldn't fathom that someone would dare to take a picture inside. They had such an attitude and "air" about them that it ruined our experience. For future reference Hanson's, if you don't want pictures taken inside, consider posting a sign to politely ask for "No photos, please." So, on that note, I give the not-so-nice bartender a 1 and everyone else there (and the drinks) a 5--my overall review is a 3.
A cute quaint speakeasy in Downtown Orlando. The manager was fantastic as well as the rest of the staff! I enjoyed each recommendation of well made craft cocktails. Good vibes and good times.
WOW. Definitely check this place out for your shoe needs. 'Cos they have it all -- skilled technicians, a great atmosphere, and a great selection of footwear. I tried on The Heisenberg and it definitely left an impression on me; I'll be back for more. You're gonna have to call ahead and make an appointment before going though, they have a very limited list -- only 35 clients are allowed at a time. So I suggest calling ahead early. ;) The whole place had an upscale, vintage, and private feel; and the outdoor space is gorgeous. Exposed to the open sky, you can sit outside while you're waiting for them to complete your order and enjoy the Orlando sky. There's a decent amount of seating, but it can fill up pretty quick -- like I said, they have a limited clientele list. Marvin was great! He knew what he was doing when he repaired my shoe. Very friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive -- that guy rocks my socks. The prices were a little steep, but the shoes, quality of service, and general atmosphere were definitely worth it.
Hanson's provides a place for adults to drink downtown, using their quiet indoor voices. You have to figure out where it is and how to get the password to get in. If you can do that, you can enjoy the dark, tiny space lit with candles, or head out to the tiny rooftop seating area, which is very soothing and not downtown-like at all. The bartenders are VERY SERIOUS about their drinks. This is good, in that you get top quality cocktails crafted from quality products and in-house concoctions. It can, however, tend toward annoying when it takes them 20 minutes to make your drink and they are telling you where to sit and how. However, their drinks really are good and the atmosphere is nice, so usually I can work past the snobbery. However, on the nights when I can't, I head to the Courtesy, where the drinks are equally good and you don't have to wrangle a password in order to get a cocktail. Of course, nobody says you have to choose only one, so start at Hanson's and then head to Courtesy and decide for yourself. PS, they yelled at me when I tried to take a picture, so you won't be getting an illustration.
Was in town for work, colleague hooked-up the password before we got there. Speakeasy place, small and comfortable. The bartenders were fantastic. Love the premise of this place. Had a great time. If I lived in Orlando, I'd be a regular.
I've heard about this place for a while and was very intrigued by the speakeasy theme. You have to call a number (which I believe is featured on their Facebook page) and they will tell you to leave a message indicating how many people are in your party and when you'll be planning to make a visit. Then, randomly, they'll select various callers and send them a text of the night's password for entry. Now, I've never gone through this process myself but I was fortunate enough to drunkenly pass by NV (where Hanson's is located) and had the balls to blurt out to the bouncers outside that I was interested in seeing where "Hanson's was hiding" and they actually, and surprisingly, took me and my friend upstairs and got us into Hanson's Shoe Repair. Wow, much easier than I thought! The decor is beautiful, it's also very dim and intimate as well. It's not a large bar by any means, but the outside "patio" makes up for it with it's chairs and sofas set up for additional seating. I love the way the bartenders dress in here with their little suspenders and bow-ties, I wish men dressed like this all the time! The only reason why I'm giving this 3 stars is because I didn't really enjoy myself on this particular evening that I went - it was a lovely little bar and I appreciated the theme but the drinks were WAY expensive and the group of people that were there were kind of weird and one of them threw up all over the bar's counter top. Gross. I'll definitely check it out on a different night and see how it fares then. All in all, I recommend hitting up Hanson's and experiencing it for yourself! xx MJ
Shhhhh don't tell anyone what you are about to read or this message will self destruct in 5...4...3... So vintage posh, I love it! Yes, a speak easy in downtown Orlando! Weeee! I always loved the roof above NV but now it is more seductive and filled with amazing, relaxed energy that will make you want to enjoy delicious cocktails and then sleep there under the stars. Here is the deal: - Call the day you want to check it out - Leave a message - If you are lucky enough you will get a text back with a password - Arrive early for secured admission - Head into NV, walk upstairs and towards the front - Give the password and enter the gorgeous door Inside is a gorgeous decor that has a vintage feel and of course, delicious drinks. You will see your servers names on the chalkboard behind you, it's an intimate setting so you can actually have a discussion at this bar and watch the bartenders craft your liquid masterpiece. Rene is the man, if he is there tell him Colleen says hi =) Great music in the background that sets the relaxing ambiance. Grab a seat outside if the night is right, it's hauntingly romantic but don't let that deter you from hangin' there with friends. I also swear they pump shoe polish through the air there, I smelled it, I did! Maybe they really do repair shoes there too. I should test this and bring a bag of shoes to get worked on while I sip on my delicious cocktails.
At the risk of sounding like every new thing I do is the best thing ever, this is the best bar experience I have had in my year and a half of frequenting bars. Awesome, right? A couple friends and I were in the mood for a speakeasy, and this fit the bill perfectly. The location isn't difficult to find, the password was convenient to get (text, call or Facebook them), and the night just ended up being perfect. The ambiance was great, the drinks were stellar, the bartenders fabulous, and the night gorgeous. The only problem was this loud chick that would not shut up on the patio, but that's not Hanson's fault. We went on a Sunday night and there were next to no people there for almost the entire time, which was awesome. I don't know how they could fit 35 (their stated max) people there, but I guess it can be done. There's an indoor area and an outdoor patio that shows off some of the skyline. Seating is at the bar, at small high tops inside, or on some couches and chairs outside. The drinks were fantastic. I had a Sazerac (good, a bit smoother since they add cognac) and a Blood and Sand. The latter was divine and is definitely a repeat for me. My friends had the Black Pearl, ABC Cocktail, and NOPA. The bartenders that night were Marvin and Fred and they were both friendly and attentive. The playlist that night was fantastic, and Marvin shared it with us on Dropbox. Thank you Marvin!!! The drinks are all around $12, which is pricier, but it's worth it. I cannot wait to return, solid 5 stars.
What a treat to come across places like this in Orlando. Coming here is a pretty unique experience. Reservations must be made ahead of time by phone (don't be fooled by the answering machine, it really ISN'T a shoe repair store). You should receive a text in about an hour or so after leaving your voicemail with the coveted password. Guard this with your life. It is your key to this cool, intimate, speakeasy. When you enter, you will be told some basic house rules, including no cell phone use and keeping noise level at a minimum. The atmosphere of the outdoor rooftop lounge is super nice. This place is not the best place for large parties, but a great spot for an intimate group. Cocktails are around $10-$12 but the bartenders put lots of time and attention into them, and they really pack a punch. I can't remember the name of the drink, but I recommend the one with egg white. Yum!
This place is taking itself way too seriously. Someone needs to explain the difference between theming and snootiness. If you want to play their game, call (407) 476-9446 and leave a message and maybe you'll be graced with a call back to get their password. Otherwise you're out of luck, because they won't let you in. They'll tell you how to get the password but not what it is. Rather puerile, isn't it? But if that's your thing (and bearing in mind they won't serve drinks to anyone still in third grade) then go for it. Otherwise, there are a LOT of other bars that DO want your money nearby.
Wow this place was so awesome that I want to tell everyone but at the same time I want to tell no one because I like that its sort of a hidden secret :) We visited this past Saturday evening for a friends birthday and had a group of 4 so we were able to get in and find space outside for everyone to sit however had we arrived much later than right when they opened we probably woudn't have made it in before it was full.  The website says it opens at 8:00 but Saturday they didnt open until 8:30 but I believe there were some private parties going on earlier so this might not always be the case.   Why did I love this place? Well I love the theming.  I'm a Disney lover at heart but going to the tourist areas of town take a lot out of me so I truely loved experiencing a great themed place far far from tourist-ville.  The speakeasy theme in itself is also so cool and everyone there seemed to really be into it also because there was little to no cell phone use and everyone kept the volume to a minimum (although it seemed to get louder as the night went on).  The drinks are all very classic cocktails but don't let that scare you from trying something new!  I would never usually order a drink that has bourbon or gin in it but thats not something you can really avoid at Hanson's but trust me when I say just try something new and let it surprise you. The drinks do take a while for the bartenders to make but they are truely a work of art so as the house rules state...please be patient. As far as the inside vs outside seating, I personally loved the ouside area...theres not many places you can go in Orlando that is on a roof completely seperated from the outside world where you can just sit and stare up at the stars so I don't know why anyone would sit inside but from what the guys in our group were saying (as they got drinks for us) the inside is a different vibe...still relaxed...but interacting with the bartenders was a unique experience so maybe try both?  I will definately be back to Hanson's again!
Good day to you sir!  These gents really polish my plush if you know what I mean!  A real horn gagler! Best in the biz, straight off the streets of Brooklyn and Bushwick I tells ya. I find myself walking in with a pair of Bluchers and walk out with Oxfords do you catch my drift?! As long as they keep spit shining, I'll keep bringing in the chedder.
hidden gem of a bar in Orlando, FL and quite an experience. You have to call or text them for a password. On Sunday's they are a little laxed with that issue but they still would like a password. It wasn't crowded at all. we were able to sit up at the bar and talk with the mixologist and they found a cocktail that suits us. The drinks were strong, but they tasted really good and had lots of flavor that seemed to mask some of the liquor in the drinks. They were kind of pricey but for the atmosphere and taste of the drinks I gave them 5 stars. It does take a minute to find  because you have to go into another bar to get to this bar. Go to NV and go up the stairs and its to the right. Amy was a fantastic Bartender and really knew her stuff. Don't go expecting a party atmosphere or vodka drinks because there isn't any!
The mystery and charm of this location is worthy of the star I would take away for the pricy elixirs. This is the epitome of the perfect date location. Don't tell where you are taking them and when you arrive the performance you can give by gaining access will certainly impress that lucky person. The intimacy of the space is charming as well. All drinks are as unique and pretentious as you could ever dream. Which is exactly what I was looking for! I knew hardly a word on the menu and the bartender took care of me by asking all the right questions to get me to the right cocktail.
Our friend requested a password on Facebook on Thursday evening and by Friday afternoon he was emailed a password. Initially we had a hard time locating the bar but realized you need to go inside NV and up to the second floor. There is a bouncer in front of the door of Hanson's Shoe Repair and you have to provide him with the password you are given. We decided to go fairly early, at 8 PM as we heard it gets busy very quickly. Once inside, you climb two flights of stairs and end up at a small bar. It also had a small outdoor patio area. Definitely more a mature crowd, versus your usual "drink to get wasted" crowd. They don't make shots or bombs of any kind or typical "club drinks" such as cranberry and vodka. They have a menu of cocktails and carefully handcraft each of them. The bartenders on duty were Rene (the head bartender), Fred, and Marvin (our bartender). First I ordered the ABC Cocktail, which had Champagne it it but was a little bitter towards each sip (but still good). Marvin then recommended the French 75 (not on the current menu), but was typically a lighter drink women ordered. That drink was also very good. Overall, all the servers were very polite and were very meticulous about every drink they made. They only let a few people in at a time so that not everyone is waiting at the bar, waiting for their drink to be made. I had a great time, relaxing and chatting with friends while not having to worry about having alcohol or vomit spilled on me like the usual Church street bars/clubs. The only downfall was that if you had to use the bathroom, you had to go back to the first floor and by this time Hanson's was already busy and you could potentially wait a long time to go back into the bar.
Yes yes yes!   First I LOVE the space.  Old old building for Florida standards.  Very cozy intimate plus there's a great outdoor patio.   My drink was a bourbon base with peach jam and bitters. It was truly crafted with local homemade jam acquired from a farmers market and it was freaking great.  Wasn't too sweet.  The bartender led me to this and he was spot on.   Will be back!!!
So cute :-)  I'm in love.  They have Blood & Sands! This mellow, no-nonsense bar is so new and unique.  Sometimes you may find yourself awkwardly standing around by yourself for a while, ringing the doorbell upstairs.  Apparently there is no sound, just a light that goes off upstairs letting them know someone is waiting. You'll never have to deal with obnoxious drunk people.  You can depend on having a nice, quiet conversation.  The most excitement I've seen so far is a group of professional salsa dancers spontaneously competing in a 50 push up challenge.  They were very quiet about it. No smoking on the porch, so if you are looking forward to a smoke, think again. There appears to be an additional hidden location on the roof.  You notice some chairs set up there while on Hanson's patio.  The idea of a hidden bar within a hidden bar is tantalizing as f*ck.  Maybe they allow smoking up there? Only a one bathroom as far as I can tell.  Not a big deal, since they control the amount of guests let in.  That bathroom is in tip-top shape :-)
A beautiful space tucked above the usual revelry of downtown. Once inside the small and comfy space the antique decor of the bar and the relaxing rooftop patio tend to let you forget you're in the midst of the usual drunken revelry of the district. It's a great feeling to watch your bartender handcraft each drink specifically for you, taking the time and patience to make sure it's done just so. Keep in mind that their exacting standards means a bit of a wait for each drink, though the small space and controlled crowd size lends itself well to what they're doing. Colleen's review have you all the pertinent info on how to check the place out so make you read her review.
My sister is in town from NY and I wanted to show off a cool downtown bar that we could hang out and talk at. We absolutely loved the vibe and the awesome decor. It was very pleasant to sit out on the patio and talk under the lights. The bartender was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. He crafted each drink with such care and precision, it was a great experience to watch him work. The drinks were pricey, but well worth it.
Sitting hidden above NV on Pine Street, this true speakeasy only allows a limited amount of patrons in which I think is genius!  Call ahead to get the password and arrive promptly when doors open to get in.  Once they reach the limit you cannot get in, so make sure to arrive with your party!   There are 3 bartenders on hand that all take a lot of time crafting your drink.  These are true mixologists.  They have an innovative cocktail menu, but can truly make you anything you want.  Give them a few key ingredients that you like and they handle the rest. Rene was my favorite bar tender by far.  This man is serious! My favorite part of the bar is the patio that has an open roof.  Love the decor and getting to be outside with the amenities of being inside.   Space is limited, so grab a seat before you order your drink and relax with friends.
This was the "surprise" part of my birthday, and boy did my boyfriend do a great job!  What a unique experience--I could have sat on that roof for hours!  The best thing about the bar is that it has limited space, so they only let in about 40 people at a time.  The drinks are on the expensive side, but it is so fun to sit there and watch the bartenders make them! I don't want to give away too many of the secrets because this is such a special place.   But I will tell you this, make sure that you get there early, you are dressed somewhat classy, and you have the password.  With those three things, you will be sure to have a GREAT time!
My new favorite spot! With its turn-of-the-century theming, soft lighting, shimmering chandeliers, open-air deck and small crowds (capacity of about 30), this is an idyllic place to enjoy a quiet cocktail with a date or friends. Excellent cocktail menu, particularly if you're a fan of Pharmacy, Cask & Larder and Courtesy Bar. However, it's the exceptional ambiance that sets this place apart. There's a list of house rules on the menu... no shouting, no flash photography, no smoking, etc. And the bartenders enforce these rules, which is great, IMO. These rules set the place apart from the louder venues downtown that seem to attract loud, obnoxious attention-seekers. Here, you can escape the chaos of the world outside as you're transported to another era through exceptional cocktails and whimsical surroundings.
Like everyone else, I thought this place was great. We arrived around 9:30 p.m. on a Saturday night and were told we'd have a 30 minute wait for two. Ended up being closer to 45-50 minutes, but with the NV bar downstairs, it wasn't bad. Note that NV is super small and only has a few bar seats and a small couch, so you'll likely be standing around for a while. There's also an area upstairs that you can wait in. A few more couches and a small bar (just vodka) -- but the feeling is more like random house than a lounge or bar. We stayed downstairs. The allure was about to rub off for my boyfriend when we were asked to come upstairs. Seating is minimal here, too. Just a few seats at the bar and a high-top table or two. Very cramped, but I guess that's part of the fun. There's also an outdoor area that has a few tables. We went out there to enjoy our first drink. Sunflower for me and I think an Old Fashioned or Manhattan for my boyfriend. Both were good. The outside is louder, as you'd expect. Wish they kept the same "quiet, dark" vibe out there a bit more. We went inside for another drink -- Southpaw for him and a Juliet and Romeo for me -- and snagged two seats at the bar. My boyfriend loved the Southpaw. I wasn't wild about the J&R ... tasted like a pickle. Overall, we had a nice time. I would probably go back with him or a close friend -- but never a group. We saw a group of 8+ down in NV and they were literally drawing straws for who would go in the first group and who would go in the second. Much better as a romantic spot than for a group hang. Also, shout out to Fred. I saw Rene is getting a lot of love here and Fred deserves some, too! While we didn't have too much of a conversation, watching him work put me in a trance. I've never seen someone take such care in putting together a drink. Really cool to see!
As Mark A pointed out in his review, we were in town for a wedding. He says he needed to get his shoe fixed after tearing up the dance floor. HA. I'M the dancer in the relationship, so really, it should be MY shoe that needs fixing. It was really his idea though, so I'll give him that. Anyway, searching for this "shoe repair" shop can be quite the challenge. We passed it without so much a glance. We looked like fools when we declined the doorman's invitation, only to turn back around and change our no to a yes. Upon entering, you may think you have found the correct location but possibly confused. The repair shop is actually hidden inside this establishment. Finding our way to the hidden gem, we found we had to wait 40 minutes still, even though we had called ahead to make an appointment. Finally called upon as the next customers to service, we seem to be transported to another time and place. The atmosphere is exactly what I would imagine at these "shoe repair"-type venues, and the best I've seen thus far. I love it! I had a special order for my "shoe," wanting a berry color to it. Unfortunately, they were unable to handle my request since they do not have any berry "paint." Trusting their expertise, I told them a few requirements for my "shoe," and let them do the rest. The outcome wasn't my number one choice, but I was satisfied enough.
Sometimes you just need a place to relax and get your shoes feeling a bit more comfy. There's no better place in town to feel like you've stepped back in time where people are polite and share your passion for craftsmanship. It's a bit of an epicurean escape into a warm and cozy space, rich with decor harkening back to the Queen Anne style. If you enjoy intimate spaces and expressive beverages, than you'll love this joint.
I called on Friday afternoon to get the password for Saturday evening. Within about 20 minutes of our arrival (promptly at 8pm) people started filling in. Our bartender, Fred, was great. Really knew his stuff, and made us some delicious cocktails. I highly recommend the French 75 and the Vesper. The NY Sazerac was also delicious. This is definitely a place to go and savor a cocktail. If you're looking for a place to grab a cheap rum and coke, then do not come to Hansons. We had a few cocktails and then went down the street to grab a slice of pizza (no food at Hansons). When we came back, it was like the whole place had changed. I don't know what happened, but there were about 40 people in the bar area alone, and maybe another 10 on the outside patio. We had been told earlier in the evening that they capped the people allowed in at 20-25 to ensure that the drinks, which take a few minutes to make, could be timely served for everyone. So... not sure what happened to that theory. Overall, Hansons is a great place, and I am so happy that Orlando finally has something downtown that I am interested in going to. Very chic, very classy, and not loud at all. The only negative thing I will say is that, if you are going to have a password and a cutoff for the number of patrons allowed, then it should be enforced. I know some people will be pissed off, but who cares? It would only add to the mystique, and next time they will get there earlier! Please please please don't let this turn into every other bar in Orlando, where it's standing room only.  Hansons has a great thing going, and I hope to see this one last!
Dost thou love me? I know thou wilt say 'Ay,' If thou dost love, pronounce it faithfully. And this distilled liquor drink thou off. What's here? a cup, closed in my true love's hand? Poison, I see, hath been his timeless end: O churl! drunk all, and left no friendly drop. A shake from an amazing spiritual advisor and garnish with heavenly eloquence. Yes, I would drink the Romeo & Juliet even if it had poison in it. It. Is. That. Dulcet.
Very cool, intimate lounge!  I am a fan of speakeasy lounges and although this does not come close to the ones in New York that I've been to, it's still a nice change of pace for the Orlando area.  They let in about 20-30 people at a time, any more than that and it would be too crowded to be called a "speak easy".  You have to call ahead of time to get the password texted to your phone.   The lounge has an outdoor area which is nice during this time of year because it's cool out.  The indoor room was very humid and uncomfortable.  There was no ventilation at all.   The drinks were very good and range around $10-12 each.  I wish it was a little less crowded and had table service like the ones in New York.  A great place to bring a small group of friends or a date for a couple drinks!
Another one of Orlando's few unique bars. The first of the few to intrigue me into the hidden/speakeasy style bars. Unique cocktails, awesome atmosphere, and friendly, knowledgeable bartenders. Make sure you're dressed somewhat classy and you have the  password. Ask for Marvin or Renee once you're in.
Went here for the first time this past week, and I'm happy I did! What a great little hidden place located in downtown Orlando. One of the few speakeasys in Central Florida, this venue is quaint, cozy, and had a great atmosphere. Hanson's is on the third floor which means roof access, and if it's a nice, enjoyable Florida evening (we won't have many more of those for a few months) I highly recommend taking advantage of the outdoor space. With regard to the drinks: Delicious. At least the one I experienced. All are handmade with love and care (well...I'm assuming, anyway). A little above average as far a price but definitely worth it. Check Hanson's on Facebook to find out how to receive the password for admission.
Excellent cocktails.  Very very cool rooftop seating.  The whole password thing was kind of cool but also a little pointless and try hard.
If I could have given zero stars I would have. We had a reservation for two, waited an hour, still didn't get in, and knew for a fact that some of the people going in didn't have reservations. (We saw them at the restaurant before the bar, and told us they didn't. )
Although writing a review ruins the rather dual experince of what this establishment claims to be, due to it's inconsistency of it's claim to fame I feel it is only fare. Hanson's is a novelty experince that like most have sweeped the nation with a certain genre of costumers. They have brought back the concept of a speak easy all the way down to requiring a password to enter the establishment thru a buzzer and spoken password. Now, as all of this sounds rather exciting, it is lost on this location I am affraid. You enter into the "speak easy" section of this bar thru a bar :-/ which makes it more of a VIP section than a speak easy. You really should have an outside entrance to get in then exit the other way. One who wants to add the theatrics into its location should really try taking it to the proper level. Once you are inside there are rules one is supposed to abide by "no cell phones unless on the patio" which is all fine with us as apart of the game, but you might want to remind your bartenders to do the same and pay closer attention to the guests and not your texts. There is a certain let down factor with this establishment where you can tell everything they have done is for the novelty factor and not the true heart believer in the concept like others. The bartenders are not dressed in any where near appropriate time attire. They seem to be more interstead in make them selfs drinks then there guests. A missed opertunity for a place that charges 12.00 a drink. In this sort of establishment with all of the novelty theatrics you come to expect a bar keep to not only look the part but act the part, and more importantly talk with your guests and explain and engage why this drink fused with all these items is worth that 12.00. The last little hitch that will bother me tell no end is the lack of concern they appear to take into any sort of DD (designated driver) program. Even the dankest rankest pits of hell have completed a better job then this one. Due to there want to follow with the styl period there are certain things you will not find here like a bud light or a miller. As I am ok with this due to the theatrics I do expect there to be some care into those costumers who are transporting your patrons safely. If you are the DD you will be stuck either drinking water or flat drink mix call gingerale as they provide no other options. This one is a real unexcuseable interaction and an epic fail. Support a DD program and offer other options like a soda or coffee or even a non alcoholic drink, even O'Douls has figured that out. Allow those who keep there friends and other safe the same chance to participate in the novelty. I have even found as a DD in some very questionable establishments when it has come to my turn to do so that most bartenders will not only thank you but pass the soda or coffee cost onto there charge as apart of a proper program.  The one last thing I will say about the location is it's epic failure to truly follow the speak easy time frame with its hipster music on the stereo instead of period music and hipsters behind the bar instead of the proper dressed and theatric bar keeps required on this sort of novelty experince. There are better locations out there if this is the novelty you wish to seek. Ask around you may even find one where Doc Phillips goes. ;-)
Marvin and Rene are the best bartenders in town. Have Rene make you the blood and sand, you won't be disappointed.
I really wanted to like this place based on the buzz about, but its one of those places I can say I did it, and not return. I went on a night where there happened to be a private party in NV. I tried to go into NV, but the bouncer barked at me like I should have known there was a private party. Sorry dude, I don't read minds. So I told him I wasn't going to NV, but to Hanson's. He told me again there was a private party and I cant go through the front. So I asked how do I get to Hansons? He told me to go to the back entrance. So wandering around behind the place I so happened up on the correct door. It was dark and I wasnt sure if I was in the right place or why it smelled like piss in the back stairway.  I ended up at the front ornate door regardless of some private party. I guess the bouncer up front was doing his job well. I ended up hanging at the front door for a while while one of the bartenders from Hansons was going in and out completely ignoring me. The people at the private party said he's not very friendly as he was making his third round. After holding the door for him because his hands were full, he acknowledged me and said they were not ready yet (it was 830) and we can sit outside while they get ready. We got in, although other people were already sitting outside before us. The place is cool looking once you finally get in. Drinks are 12 bucks a piece, and rather small. It is the only place Ive been to that knows what a pisco sour is. They make it Peruvian style rather than the Chilean version. Dont expect great service or club type drinks. If it wasnt as pricey, slow, and a bit more helpful on how to get in when there is a private party downstairs, I would return. I understand their drinks are crafted carefully, but 20 minutes?
My absolute favorite place in downtown Orlando.  Make sure to try their Old Fashion, it is phenomenal and most certainly the best I've had for a long while. The staffs there are  nice and friendly.  When you see the place  in person you'll know why its my favorite in downtown orlando.
Yes...you need the password.  Yes....you wait a while for a drink.  Yes....it's small and always seems to be at capacity on a busy night.  After all, it is a "speak easy."  Drinks are priced on the high end......but you get what you pay for.  If you are looking for a classic drink made with care and the utmost detail to the craft of mixology, this may be the place for you.  If you want a vodka mixer, beer or shot then stay on the ground floor bar (NV)   Hanson's is for the mature crowd looking for a quaint and quiet classic cocktail from the prohibition era.  DRESS TO IMPRESS.  After all...it is a secret.
I absolutely love this place! What a creative idea!!
LOVE this place.  The vibe and theming are so cool and very well executed!   Service takes a little time, but that is because they are hand crafting drinks.  It is not a "pour and sling" type of place.  Bartenders are very nice and friendly and will help you to select drinks you would like out of their menu of drinks that use a lot of liquors that you just don't see used any more.  The password thing is cool and a fun novelty, but it makes me wonder if I can just wander into the place if its slow and if I'm in the mood too.  Often my nights out are not planned like that, its what my days are for.  I wish they carried at least a call vodka, and a few more of the modern bar standards so that if I want to enjoy a nice craft drink and the atmosphere with a friend who may just want a rum and diet or cosmo we can go.
Very cool. Do not expect loud music or a crazy atmosphere. Very relaxed vibe. The patio was my favorite part.
I was SO lucky to find this little hidden gem in Orlando. As a fan of more upscale establishments with a dark, retro/vintage theme I was in love with this place from the start and SO impressed with the vibe, knowledgable and friendly staff and the overall "feel" of Hanson's. After living in LA and traveling often to Chicago I have been in some very interesting bars that require a password and have a sort of "secret" theme. So I always hoped Orlando would have a place like this one but for years I've been kind of disappointed with finding mostly packed bars with frat boys and cheap shots. Hanson's is somewhere I can take my girlfriends, feel safe, feel fancy and enjoy our conversations in a beautiful setting. HIGHLY recommended to anyone looking for an enjoyable evening out.
Nice. A bit esoteric but really nice vibe and great drinks.
We have visited twice and love the atmosphere. The drinks are delicious. I really liked the Blood and Sand drink (Scotch, Vermouth, orange, and cherry heering). I am looking forward to trying the ABC Cocktail the next time I visit (Cynar, Campari, orange, and Champagne) Sounds yummy! The atmosphere is laid back and relaxed. I can't wait to visit again.
Wish we had one back in California! My hubby and I just went to Orlando for a business trip. Before heading to Florida I searched yelp for places to go and things to do. We wanted to have fun somewhere that didn't have the usual touristy vibe. I found "Hanson's Shoe Repair", the photos looked classy and unique. It didn't look like a red bull and vodka club scene, it looked intriguing. So I convinced my hubby to call the phone number to see if he would get a passcode for entry. After listening to the voicemail he was sold. He left his contact information and said I should call and listen to the voicemail too. The message really played up the whole speakeasy feel. I got a text a few hours later with the code. When looking for the place we almost missed it. The entry door is on the second floor of NV, another bar. We arrived to the door and waited. When the doorman opened the door he waited for the code, so official! Once upstairs the scene was perfect. A candle lit bar with antique looking decor, and a patio. We were helped by Rene and M. Jones. (I remember his last name because my husband tried a Jones Street named after him). Both guys genuinely cared about cocktails and about service. We spent several hours trying different cocktails and socializing with them both. Awesome experience :) They recommended for us to try out Courtesy and Gringos. Great recommendations. Glad we found this hidden gem, wish we lived closer! You have my husband hooked on old fashions now...
Where to begin? Clearly, Hanson's Shoe Repair needs a little repairing of its customer service after being bought by new owners. I brought my out of town guests there tonight expecting a fun time and was turned away at the door because I had shorts on. It was explained house rules forbid shorts. Hmmm. I had specifically checked their Facebook page before I left my house and the PHOTO OF THEIR HOUSE RULES did not mention this. It only mentioned no baggy pants, no ball caps, no flip flops, and no tank tops. When I pointed this out, I was rudely ignored by the doorman who insisted I was wrong about the topic. He refused to listen or look at the photo on their own dang Facebook page and proceeded to hide behind the locked door to the bar because it had gotten "too full" upstairs. Kudos to you, crappy doorman. I will not be attending your pretentious bar again. Nor will I be recommending it to friends as I have for the past year, ever since you opened. I understand the whole speakeasy theme and know how to follow rules. Maybe your bar should actually post ALL OF THE RULES on your Facebook page so that you don't have to act like a jerk when your customers arrive. My guests were attempting to celebrate their 14th wedding anniversary with a special night. Well you sure made their night "special" as you turned them away at the door. UPDATED WITH RESPONSE: The saga continues...I got a response from Hanson's Shoe Repair! Before you read their response, I would like to point out a couple of relevant facts - 1. Although they admit that shorts are not on their rules list, Rene manages to state that I should have known better, insult my style of clothes (which she did not even see last night), and point out that I should have been psychic (well, her word is intuitive) and known about this issue. 2. She also tells me I should have magically known that they would break this unwritten rule for me had I arrived at opening and not at peak hours. Well, that would also be impossible because your hotline that one must call for the day's password instructed us to not arrive until 9:30, even though you open your door at 8:00. 3. Make no mistake - her closing sentence translated in plain English states that they do not give a flip if I ever come back there again. In other words, don't bother coming back. Have fun reading everyone! :) ----------------------- My name is Rene and I am the manager at Hanson's. First and foremost let me apologize for your unpleasant experience last night. Our goal at Hanson's is to not alienate one customer from another but to strive for a classy, respectful, and proper ambiance within the confines of our establishment. While 'shorts' are not mentioned in our house rules we feel that our guests have been intuitive enough to understand the basic principles of the rule to dress appropriately for an evening at Hanson's. We in leadership, have discussed this matter recently as it has been a point of contention. Have we made exceptions to the rule? Of course. We have allowed, on a case by case basis, guests to arrive in shorts but only those who arrive right at start of business and not during peak hours when we are at capacity. I hope that this has helped you understand our approach on the matter of dress code. We would love to have you come by again but also understand and accept your decision if you choose not to.
It's really pricey, but the bartenders make the best drinks in town!
I love this place! Perfect bar for those late twenty-somrthings that like to go out from time to time without all the drunken craziness. Quiet enough to have a conversation, yet busy enough to feel like a night out. Also, great cocktails and theme to boot!
amazing drinks, low key environment. fantastic interior. its the best to place to go , relax, have amazing drinks and enjoy the weather.
We had friends coming from out of town and wanted to show them a good time in downtown Orlando, so we planned to try out Hanson's. I called a week ahead of time to try to make reservations. I left a message on the machine, and they texted me the password for that night. I told them I needed the password for the following Saturday, and they told me to call back the day of. Not a big deal. We got the password today and planned our whole night around going to this place. We show up shortly after they opened and they tell us that my husband won't be able to enter because he is wearing flip flops. The bouncer was pretty rude and told us it was an hour and a half wait, even with the password. Why pretend you take reservations and why not tell people the dress code when you text them with the password? I contacted them twice, and they couldn't be bothered to tell us. We were actually pretty well-dressed. Needless to say, we will not be returning and were sorely disappointed. They need to get their act together. This is nothing like the speakeasy we visited in D.C., which was much better.
Best drinks in town. Best Old Fashioned. Awesome atmosphere. Be careful who you bring to this place, don't ruin it.
I agree with the Chris P. review from 9/6/2013, our visit to Hanson's last night was disappointing at every turn. Decent concept with poor execution. After waiting 40 minutes (in spite of having properly followed the instructions for the overly cute reservation process), we waited at least another 10 for adequate cocktails. Once we asked to close out our tab, we were forgotten for 20 minutes, and then told to "be patient" by the bartender/server when we politely reminded him we had asked for our check. If we didn't know any better, and I suspect the largely 20-something crowd that populates this place doesn't, we might have believed that crafting a Vieux Carre properly takes so much extra time. We've had that drink at the Monteleone in New Orleans where it was invented, and the bartenders there have no problem churning out perfectly mixed, amazing drinks, quicker than you can say the name. The location downtown poses further issues...the night time scene in Orlando is sketchy at best, and the Hanson's experience just simply is not worth the hassle.
Love the bartenders here and the atmosphere - it offers a unique perspective to downtown Orlando!
I've had one of the best drinks of my life here made by Renee. I don't think it was on the menu, but I told him what I liked and he brought me an English Channel, which is made with gin, ornage bitters, and cynar - an artichoke liquor. It was so delicious! My husband ordered two drinks that were made with egg and he enjoyed his equally as much. I'd go back for the quiet atmosphere and the quality drinks.
+ call ahead to get a password to get in + location is great + the outdoor patio is beautiful + nice vibe - too dark - bartenders are rude - drinks are overpriced - can't drink anything not on the menu (even if they have it) - drinks taste terrible - no space for seating - everything takes too long
I have been wanting to check this place out for a long time so when an out of town friend suggested we go I said yes. We did the routine where we called to get the password and arrived on time. Inside is very cute and typical of what you will see in these speak easy style places. I loved my all the drinks I ordered. The bartender was very helpful in choosing the perfect drink when I couldn't decide on one. I really liked lounging on the outdoor patio. Overall it was a good experience except it was soured when some of my friends arrived. One was in shorts and I guess they have a certain dress code and wouldn't let him in. That is fine except there were other guys in the facility wearing shorts as well. The group ended up leaving and going somewhere else, disappointed. I later heard the bartenders talking about the experience. I thought that was in poor form but maybe that is part of the whole ambiance. I don't know. I guess the moral of the story is don't wear shorts if you want to guarantee that you get in.
Have I told you the story about the time I started giving a bar a bad review on Yelp, got distracted and didn't finish it, came back to that bar another time and forgot how bad the first time was thanks to an awesome second visit? You're in luck...here it is: First time, I go I will admit that my expectations were at an all-time high. I just got back from NY and went to several speakeasies and was ready for the same experience here in Orlando. Atmosphere here is incredible but the drink I ordered had Galliano in it which tastes like diaper favored cough syrup and the bartenders were acting like "bros". 2 out of 5 stars for letting me down... So a few nights back, me and the GF were out on a date with another couple and we decide to stop in. Remember, the last time I was here and was disappointed so I am on high alert and being a little extra judgey. It was a Friday and there was decent-sized crowd already...I am ready for the worst. After the GF audits the menu for what seems like a full calendar year, she tells me she wants a rum and coke (really?). I tell her to be more original and she picks out a delicious citrus concoction instead (point for me).  I order a Hanson spin on an Old Fashioned. All the drinks are awesome. The girls delve into a spirited debate about hair styles they found on Pinterest so Steve and I sit near the bar. The bartenders were all really friendly and we had a good time talking about the various cocktail experiments that they have tried. At one point, an older woman who had too much to drink tries to order shots. The bartender politely declines and offers her a water. She proceeded to raise her voice, hiccuped mid-objection and then laughed like a freaking hyena at herself (female version of a "bro"). The bartender firmly told her that if Hanson's was not the type of place for that type of behavior (looking at you, Saddle Up) and formerly cut her off for the night. She and her party left shortly after. We had an awesome time and my forgotten 2 star rating instantly became a 5 star rating thanks to awesome service/great drinks/great atmosphere. Nicely done, Hanson's.
This place is great. Go. Unique. Special. Fun. The drinks are outstanding. The bartenders are talented and warm and friendly. The place is dark but has a great ambience and the outdoor space is a gem in downtown. Such a nice breath of fresh air from every other cookie cutter bar. Just go
What a great little find in the heart of downtown Orlando! Hanson's Shoe Repair brings the speak easy era to life with 20s inspired outfits, hand crafted cocktails & even passwords to get in. So how exactly do you get in? Call head of time to leave your name, date, time & number of people in your party. You will receive a message confirming your date/time along with a password to tell the front door guards when you get there. Hanson's Shoe Repair is on the second floor of Envy, with an unassuming door to the right of the stairs. Knock on the door, say the password & enjoy the awesome ambiance. I particularly love the outside patio, it feels very New York City to me. Order a Tom Collins & have your world be rock. Go!
So a friend of mine told me about the some of the speak easy spots located throughout Orlando. On a whim, we decided to go to one and I must say, I enjoyed myself. The whole concept of it was a first for me and it was really cool. We entered through NV Art Bar, and on the second floor there was a stocky gentlemen guarding the door and asked us for the password. We provided it and in we went. The menu listed several drinks, most of which I was unfamiliar with; however the bartenders were extremely knowledgeable and my questions. I tried a Barbarella, which is bourbon based. It was nice and smooth. The room was small and had an outdoor patio area for additional seating. The setting was based in the 1920s and the bartenders dressed the part. It was a really nice evening.
I absolutely love this place. They make some of the finest drinks and the ambiance is always fantastic. Hanson's shoe repair is a speakeasy located right above NV on pine street.
They had me at secret entrance and password! For my last night in Orlando, I needed a grand finale. Something that I would fondly remember after I was home. That something was Hansons shoe repair. I searched on their twitter and fb before finally calling, wondering if I'd have to be clever or witty to obtain the password for entry. Alas only a phone message met my ears along with a request if my soles were in need of repair for a date and time for appointment with number of soles. I left my info and a short time later, I had a text with the password. Bingo! Now came the task of finding the hidden door. The speakeasy is above NV, behind an elaborate door. Ring the bell and give your password to the doorman (it changes nightly). Rudy offered me a drink based on my likes and boy was it strong!   The place itself is very intimate; there's only a few tables (2) and about 10 bar stools, but there is an outside patio for us yelpers who want to represent via checkin although there's no AC! Definitely has potential for a late night date spot; I saw all couples there. Parking wise, there's a garage a block up and a block over for $10 flat in the evenings. Definitely worth a trip; you won't be disappointed.
I have put off writing this review for so long because I don't want other people to know how amazing this place is!!! Hanson's is a speakeasy style bar which means you should know a few things before going in: - you will need a password which changes daily (call, text or follow them on twitter) -you definitely don't need to dress up, but don't except to get in wearing board shorts and flip flops -their drinks are all carefully handmade which means it may take 30-45 minutes for your group's order to be ready on a Friday or Saturday night -the staff strives to keep a low key atmosphere so there may be a wait to get in (luckily NV is downstairs and you can grab a drink there, but close out your tab first, it won't transfer!) All of these "rules" are what has kept Hanson's such an upscale, vintage, private bar for almost a year now, and kept me coming over and over, despite the hit my wallet inevitably takes since drinks are around $12.   You can choose to sit at the dimly lit bar, which still has most of the facade of the original shoe shop building or take your drink on to the roof top patio, under the stars and twinkling lights.  Sometimes, they even have live jazz performances on the rooftop from some of my local faves including Eugene Snowden (shameless plug).  Hanson's is perfect for a date or small group and I've even seen bachelor&ette parties starting or ending the night here.  The bartenders are some of the best in the city and are full of suggestions based on your taste, sometimes even going off-menu.
If you're looking for a place to impress someone by knowing a password,  you're already failing. The service is slow,  the drinks are over priced,  the servers are rude, and it smells of hipsters. Courtesy,  and Rusty spoon were around before,  and they're both superior in service and atmosphere.  Yes, it's different,  because it clearly wasn't designed as a bar. There's almost zero seating, and what does exist is outside in the blistering heat. I recommend going to a bar that wants you to be comfortable. If one's going to pay $15 for a drink,  I don't expect to be forced to choose between standing in a cramped poorly lit dungeon or sitting in an oven.
I have had Hanson's bookmarked forever, but being a fairly spontaneous person the password prevented me from going. I was a bit intimidated and just assumed I wouldn't manage to call in time to get in. Last Friday the stars aligned perfectly. I had two downtown events with about an hour and a half to spare between them, and so I called Hanson's early in the day to ask about a shoe repair. I was anxious, and I called a bit early, around two. I got a text back at five with the password. I was really flipping excited to get that password. I had scoured Yelp for directions, so I knew exactly where to go. We entered NV, walked past the bar and up the stairs in the back. At the top of the stairs go to the right and you'll see a little seating area with bookshelves and... the door. I rang the doorbell and was greeted a couple minutes later and we were in! Finally! It was eight o'clock when we arrived and it was pretty empty. I was surprised there were so few people on a Friday night, but they said it picks up later, and sure enough, by the time we were leaving it was a bit more crowded. The ambiance is perfect. Very quiet and dimly lit. The bartenders were great. They told us to go to the bar to order our drinks but they did bring them to our table when they were ready. I would give this a perfect date-night rating. After a bit of time inside we moved to the small outside patio and it was lovely as well. We met some fellow Yelpers while we were there and they mentioned they had called on the way over for the password, so clearly my password anxiety was unfounded. Go figure. I am already looking forward to going back, and next time I won't stress so much about getting in.
My shoes are just like new! I called the fine fellas at Hanson's to leave my info for the password. Luckily it was a Monday night and they were slow so we had no problem getting in. I am always surprised by how quickly I get past the speakeasy theme and just enjoy the rooftop seating and fabulous drinks. This might be the most romantic tiny spot in downtown- particularly on a quiet week night. I'm talking twinkle lights, exposed brick, and amazing tiles. Plus, Rene serves up a mean (and stiff) Manhattan and has even represented the city in a few national cocktail competitions. The guys are super dapper, the drinks are strong, and the atmosphere can't be beat. Now if only it wasn't as popular so I could get in on a weekend night! :) Favorite drinks: Tom Collins and a Manhattan!
Despite how we were treated by the bartenders, I still relatively enjoy this bar and I think the drinks are fantastic! My girlfriends and I were, admittedly, unprepared for Hanson's in that we didn't know the password. In our defense, the bouncer on the 1st floor (who was an acquaintance) told us we wouldn't need a password until 10:30pm. Seeing as it was 8:30pm on a Wednesday night, we thought we could get away with it. I think this immediately put our two bartenders in a bad mood who reluctantly let us in and then proceed to complain between the two of them about how they weren't informed of the whole no-password-thing. They're committed to the theme and I've got to respect that - it's their schtick after all. At this point, I think our bartenders pretty much wrote us off as annoying patrons. After an hour or so, one of the bartenders asked us to move down a seat so that if other people showed up, they could sit together. I thought it was a weird passive-aggressive thing to request especially when only two other people showed up - making it 6 patrons, total. But, we silently obliged. In conversation, our bartender mentioned Yelp in disgust so I just had to delve a little further. He went on a brief rant about how businesses are forced to spend money to hide unfounded negative reviews. Speaking from personal experience maybe? The bar is gorgeous and quaint, the drinks are strong and expertly made but the bartenders are a major buzzkill. Try not to offend them and you'll be all right. If you're a drink snob, you'll appreciate their concoctions. If you're just a snob, you'll feel right at home.
FIVE star. Guys, you do it up nice in Orlando! When I think of a speakeasy, this is what I want to imagine! I don't even feel right writing and posting about the place, but since the cat's out of the bag from a city newspaper/magazine and the people online, I guess it's not hurting it. First off, do not come here to party with the boys, down shots, drink BL and margaronas. Do not come here to play bar games. Do not come here to be loud and boisterous. Do not come here to yak on the phone while you sip your white zin (which I'm pretty sure they don't have). Do not (try to) come here in your board shorts and flops-they wont' let you in. As a matter of fact, do not even come to town thinking, one that you will just walk up to the place, and two, that they will just let you in. Yes, they are not open/advertised. Yes, you need a password to get in. And yes, you need to be dressed decently and mind your manners. (With all of that in mind, I don't think they mind phones/photos out on the patio, for those of you that can't wait to check Facebook...or ahem, Yelp...) So, assuming you are in, just guessing, the bar area might hold fifteen people. Past that, there is an outdoor patio (with an amazing view of the open sky and surrounding buildings) with a few patio tables. The place has a 35 person cap I believe, and even if you have a 'reservation', you aren't guaranteed a spot at the bar. Upon entering (we were early), the doorman was very cool, and the three bartenders all greeted us. I am into whisky, so the selections here weren't difficult (they do not carry any vodka), and I like to try basic/frequent menu items when going to a place for the first time, and the couple I got were phenomenal. 8 Million Stories and the Toronto were true works of art. While 8 Million had an Old Fashioned taste/feel to it, the Toronto had more bite, and was a great follow-on. Although I can't speak for the rest of the guys, Renee was a great craftsman and an excellent guy to meet! Thanks, from Charleston!
I don't get out to experience the nightlife very often, so on the rare occasion that I do, I try to do something special and out of the ordinary. My two friends and I walked around for a little while trying to find it, but that was actually part of the fun.  Once we located the building, and finally the special door, we rang the bell and gave the secret password...it felt like something you might see in a movie.   Hanson's Shoe repair exceeded my expectations.  My two friends and I went on a Tuesday night, I didn't want my first visit here to be on a busy night, and there was a perfect amount and mix of people.   The bartender who let us in was very nice and showed us to a cozy table and suggested drinks for us.  We then watched him as he prepared our drinks with great care and expertise.   There is great attention to detail all over, the decor, the aroma, the list of cocktails, and the hardcover copy of The Wind in the Willows that our check was placed in. If you're looking for a special place to impress a first date, you can't go wrong here, it's guaranteed to impress...however I would suggest going on a Tuesday or Wednesday, the space is very small and I assume it fills up fast on the weekends.
This place rocks. The drinks are fantastic. The hipster dudes are cool but the black guy is cooler.
I thought this place was so cool - a real speakeasy in Otown with a password and hidden entrance at the top of the building!  My friend is way into bars and the orlando going out scene so she led me through with the password and all.  The inside speakeasy bar looks awesome, like out of a movie - dim and quiet but super trendy with the exposed brick and sort of old timey feel.  They also had an outside deck area where they have small bands play.  The drinks were on the higher end of price, but were definitely unique with fresh juices and things like absinthe.  Great experience!
Our bartender Matt, was friendly, helpful, and very knowledgeable. We'll definitely be back.
I visited Hanson's for the second time last night and was very excited to go back & take new guests. However after last nights trip I probably will never go back. We arrived early and made our way inside and up to sit on the patio. Once we were almost at the door the bartender told us we needed to order drinks in here & seemed annoyed when we asked to take a menu to our table first. (The first time I went we were kindly greeted and waited on at our table and told about all the different fantastic concoctions they create). We decided to order and went back inside to order. Now surely when we were the ONLY party in the bar they were going to serve us our drinks like they did last time right? WRONG. The bartender did come outside to us, but just to tell us to come in and pick up our drinks. The least they could have done was take down the price of the drinks if they're no longer going to provide fabulous service! We enjoyed one cocktail, paid, and left to probably never return. The bartender told us the owner had them stop serving individual tables so they could squeeze more people into the already tiny and intimate bar. I guess they got tired of being unique. Part of the fun the first time was the exclusive and personal atmosphere, which is no longer there. Now it's just like every other bar in town- crammed, order yourself, and very over priced for a tiny drink without service, personalization, etc. Perhaps if Hanson's goes back to it's original manner and atmosphere I'd consider returning, but not until then. Ps- they were playing LOUD screamo and rap music on the patio... 20s, unique, atmosphere? GONE.
Really neat place.  Small bar downstairs.  I guess you're supposed to leave a message on their answering machine and they call you back to give you the password to go to the upstairs speakeasy.  They didn't return our call, but the door guy let us in Ellen I showed him on my phone we had called many hours earlier.  The upstairs was dead when we got there around 9 and crazy busy (which ox probably about 30 people) when we left around 10:30.  Bartenders are cool and make interesting drinks (about $11 each).  Small bar area with an accompanying "patio area" that had walks around out, but you can see the outside open air when you look up.  Neat date place.
Wow this place is absolutely amazing! It's a hidden gem of Orlando's night scene. When you go in you feel so exclusive since you need the password to get in. And the drinks are pretty amazing. I have never had such a complicated drink in my life with so much diverse and intensely beautifully mixed flavors. If you want your drinks fast and cheap this is not the place, but if you want to explore something new and you don't mind waiting a lil bit to try something absolutely amazing, then this is the place for you!
Ok, this place gets two stars right off the bat for their commitment to executing the "speakeasy" theme.  The look is great as is the challenge of finding it and actually getting in.  That alone had me excited for what I thought would be a fantastic night.  And that's where the positives end.   We found a spot at the bar and one bartender who was busy mixing a couple of cocktails acknowledged us with a knowing smile. The other bartender was too busy bashing another establishment in Orlando to help us.  "Yeah, well, they're not a real speakeasy like us." Hey genius, this isn't a speakeasy either, as you have a liquor license.  Clown!   We waited twenty minutes on a slow night to get served and another twelve for two cocktails.  Thirty-two minutes to get two drinks.  While my Blood & Sand was good, it's not the best rendition of it that I've had in Orlando, and I'm a bit of a Blood & Sand aficionado.   Was Hanson's a cool find?  Yes.  Am I in a rush to go back?  Not so much.
I LOVED this place! It's by far my favorite speakeasy of all the places I've visited. Here are the things I like: -the shoe repair theme -the phone message you hear when making a reservation -the small size of the place -no food here to ruin the experience -no vodka and redbull -no flash, apps, or texting/calls to ruin the mood -the outdoor seating area is awesome -the bartenders, or shall I say cocktail crafters, are incredibly knowledgable of drinks and put lots of care into their craft and into maintaining the atmosphere Oh, and if you come here and call the patrons or employees pretentious, go home. Clearly, you aren't about that life :)
Quality craft cocktails, house-made bitters and a speak-easy in Orlando??  Sign me up!  Rude staff, pretentious atmosphere, ridiculous rules... no thank you! I REALLY wanted to like Hanson's, and I'm willing to give it another shot, but my first impression... not so fab. It was my birthday, I wanted to do something special and I had heard of a speak easy in Orlando? You call, hear a real recording for a shoe repair shop and have to know to leave a message with the number of people on your reservation.  They text you back with a password for the evening.  That's pretty neat I thought and my excitement was growing.  I had heard that Hanson's is in the back of the bar, NV on Pine St. and when we walked in the staff had no problem pointing us in the right direction of the 'secret location'... "Its just upstairs" the bartender said, "you'll see the guy with a pony-tail." We find the mysterious pony-tailed man, I say the password, he lets us in.  Let's see what this place has to offer. Walking in, I almost feel like we are in a Chicago type of bar. It has brick walls, a reasonably small bar, and has an extremely quaint and cozy ambiance.  There's an outdoor rooftop lounge area to sit with nice seats and twinkle lights.  It was quite empty though, maybe only 15 people spread throughout. My two friends and I, sit at the bar and order a cocktail.  The drink menu is really well put together and definitely up to par with the growing downtown mixology craze.  The prices, not bad at $8-$12/drink and something for everyone.   I will give them this, the bartenders take their job seriously... very very seriously.  Drinks take quite a long time to make here, so expect to wait. What upset me during this time though was while he was making our drinks, a nice couple walked up to him and asked if they could order something from him and in what I will only describe as a nasty tone he grumpily said "I'm busy, go to the other bartender!" I mean, its not like they were that full.  There were only 15 people in this place! After this, I overheard the same bartender complaining about something a customer was wearing... loud enough that all of us could hear.  I mean, its not like they had a dress code posted anywhere?   Our drinks finally came and I have to admit, they were really tasty.  While I had been waiting for our drinks to arrive, I had texted a few of my girlfriends who also wanted to meet up for my birthday.  This is where I got slightly irritated.  The mysterious pony-tailed door man, wouldn't let all three of them in because they would then be one person over their 30 person capacity. ONE PERSON!  Even after batting my eyelashes and speaking to him in the cutest baby voice ever, he still wouldn't let them in.  I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure that this person limit had nothing to do with the fire code, but more to do with trying to being "cool" and "exclusive"... or in my opinion, "pretentious".  Needless to say, we didn't stay here after this.  We left.  Their loss. Overall, Hanson's is a great concept, and well thought out with great drinks and a nice decor, but lets be honest, the staff is not very nice and they take themselves and their rules waaaaay too seriously.  If they could learn to treat their patrons as serious as they take themselves
Tiny speakeasy....only those with the correct password may enter (hint: it changes nightly!). I wasn't a fan of the drinks on the menu, as they were a little more complex than I care for, but the awesome guys behind the bar conjured up something special for me! It is small, so do come early (after you've called and received your password). My favorite aspect is the little outdoor roof top patio area.
Had a one-of-a-kind bar experience here last night. Rene and Matt both saw to that.  This speakeasy could quite possibly one of Orlando's best kept secrets.  Coming up on it's one year anniversary, Hanson's Shoe Repair resides in one of Downtown Orlando's oldest buildings.  There was in fact a Shoe Repair there once upon a time and somebody had the brilliant idea of marrying the history of the building with a speakeasy motif. There is no sign or trace of this place from the street.  It's location is identifiable only by a locked entrance tucked away on the second floor of Envy.  How do you get in?  You have to call earlier on in the evening and leave your name, how many people and your phone number.  Then you wait....and if you've played your cards right you will get a text message with the password.  Then you show up and give the doorman the password.  There is only room for 35 people so I recommend not waiting too late to arrive or you may find yourself with an extended wait time. The decor inside brings you back to the times of the prohibition era speakeasy.  The bar area is a dim, cozy, candle lit room with brick walls and wooden tables/stools.  Inside is sitting room only, while the outside patio area has an open air seating area and plenty of standing room.     My bartenders for the evening were both Rene and Matt. I found both to be knowledgeable in all things drink related and all around friendly.  They made excellent drink recommendations.  I started with an old fashioned and ventured to try the Vieux Carre.  The Vieux Carre is a french inspired cocktail with an excellent meld of cognac, rye whiskey and bitters.  I was more than satisfied with my drinks and it's always fun to watch the bartenders at work.  They were easy going and both were happy to share their spirits knowledge and make personal bottle recommendations (I'm always looking for a good bourbon to sip on). The average price of a cocktail is about $12 so don't expect to come here and get tanked for cheap.  The experience shouldn't be about that anyways so don't claim that it's pretentious... It's about the ambience and getting a damn good cocktail.  This place would be great for a private party or themed event.  Keep the cell phones put away (The bright light interferes with the mood/atmosphere) and enjoy your trip back in time. My new favorite Orlando Bar for a good cocktail!
Had a pleasant date night with hubby, very pleased, service is outstanding, Rene was our bartender, all drinks are handcrafted - so be patient! Was a little surprised that they don't carry vodkas, but the premium whiskey made up for that, smooth and strong drinks, not for large groups, but amazing hidden place for a date night.
My girlfriend & I were in town for a wedding that happened to end sooner than we had anticipated. With our plans over at 9p, it was an opportune moment to get my shoe fixed from tearing up the dance floor (or not. I can hear Acelyn B laughing at me for even making such an outrageous comment.) As we were coming straight form the wedding, I still had my bow tie choked around my neck & my "broken shoe" on foot. We strolled down Pine St searching for our venue when the doorman noticed my poor shoe & invited us in. We kindly declined the invite as we had an appointment to catch. I caught on that we may have declined the wrong door & spoke to the gentle giant manning the door, concluding that we were indeed looking to enter the facilities. After a 40minute wait to be seen with our appointment, we were escorted in to get "my shoe" serviced. I chose to get the Sazerac treatment on my leather. They took care of my girlfriend's "shoe" first. My service happened to slip through the cracks so I spoke with them & it got taken care of immediately. Hanson's is the best "shoe repair"-type place I've been to yet in terms of setting & ambiance. Their product & services are on par with what I've experienced, but not the best. Still, I would return when I come back to town.
