Nice place! Has a good selection on lighter fare to compliment the extensive beer selection. I had a 61 minute by Dogfish that was recommended by my bar tender. He was knowledgable about all of the beer and seemed to enjoy talking about the various styles offered. I ordered the Black and Blue flatbread, again on his recommendation, and was more than satisfied. Delicious marinated flank steak and rich blue cheese are complimented by sweet balsamic reduction and caramelized red onions on a light and crisp flat bread. It's finished with a touch of mix greens. Overall, I really liked this place. Great service from a very savvy bar tender and delicious light eats. My only concern was that it was a Friday night and it was not busier.
I had been wanting to try Therapy Brew Bar & Wine Lounge (is this a tongue twister?) since they opened. I visited on a Friday night for a late dinner, and was pretty surprised to see the place practically empty. The decor and vibe of the place was a little trendy, and a little upscale - and you got a good feel for the place sitting at the bar. The bartender was nice and made some drink suggestions - pretty average-ish beer selection, but saw several good red wine options I'd go back for. We tried a variety of appetizers and flatbreads and the food was really good, with a strong focus on presentation. I was amazed when I realized the small little kitchen to the side of the bar is where everything is prepared! Other than an oven, I don't see any other cooking equipment - so I'm not sure how fresh everything can be, but it tasted good. Overall, a good experience - and I would highly recommend for a large group who wants to practically have the entire patio to themselves. I love the big patio just a hop and skip from Lake Eola, but I fear this place in their 2nd story location may not make it without extremely good word-of-mouth. I'll definitely return to try brunch!
This is a great little spot just on the outskirts of the downtown Orlando area.  We came on a weeknight, I think Wednesday, so it wasn't to busy.  The cool thing is that they have a pretty big bar, lots of outdoor seating and live music. They also have a very large selection of bottled beers.  i actually found a pretty rare beer I was searching for..so score!  The food was OK, We had a flatbread and hummus.  Both very good in portion size.  The service was also excellent, as we sat at the bar.  he even brought our drinks and food outside for us.  I will definitely be back!
The honored the coupon with no hesitation, so that's always a good start.  The food was awesome. Besides the fact that they didn't have the first beer I had, the selection was good as well.
Maybe we went at a bad time, but nothing about the food, drinks, or service seemed particularly exceptional. It wasn't bad per set, but the food seemed rather mediocre.
Lives up to its name. Great wind down post work. Good wind up for an evening out. Food selection(while small) is very good and modestly priced. It's a do over next time in the sunshine state.
My friends and I are in from out of town, and we instantly became regulars in our short time here. The great beer selection, delicious food, reasonable prices, low wait time, cleanliness, presentation, and friendly service pleased us. If you want brunch, come in at 11 am for mimosas, loaded Bloody Mary's (with bacon! and shrimp!), and an excellent breakfast menu. I got the Brekkie flatbread which was like a fancy version of breakfast pizza - arugula, bacon, fresh tomatoes, Gouda (?) cheese, and a sunny side egg, all atop a crisp flatbread. Very yummy! My friends got the Chicken breakfast sandwich, and steak & egg wrap. They described it as "phenomenal" and "astounding." I also tried the Sweet and Salty sandwich on a different visit. It was delicious. In our experience, Therapy is a great place to visit for brunch, lunch, dinner, or after hours. I would encourage everyone to give it a try. I'm sure you'll be very satisfied! Easily five stars.
We came in at 9 and I asked if the kitchen was still open. Our server greeted us with a growl and could barely tolerate waiting for us to decide what to drink. In spite of him, we enjoyed the food. We chose an inside table. The seating were clubby leather side chairs. The decor is modern and masculine. We had live music for a couple minutes. Food: steak nachos, muffaletta panini, blackened shrimp flatbread. Good beers, too, great selection.
My husband and I spent this past Sunday enjoying Therapy.  We are always looking for new brunch spots and a place to have a quiet drink and conversation with friends.  Basically, we are looking for the antithesis of the typical Church Street nightlife.  We found a winner in Therapy. We sat outside enjoying a beautiful day and a great breeze.  While we chose a typical table, there is also lounge seating both outside and inside as well as a large interior bar.  Gavin, one of the owners, took care of us.   My husband had the Blackened Shrimp BLT and raved from start to finish.  I enjoyed the Meaty Veggie Panini; it was probably the best portobello mushroom sandwich I've ever had - balanced with the other components instead of screaming "mushroom" at the top of its lungs. We tried two of the tap brews (they rotate often) and found them to be really good.  Mimosas were also available (during brunch) and kept us lingering after we finished our meal.  We even went to a later movie than we had planned! If you are looking for a sophisticated but non-pretentious downtown spot - go get some Therapy (sorry - I couldn't resist).
My friends and I were looking for a fun place to go to watch the Derby.  One of the couples in our group suggested Therapy because it has a large craft beer menu, which did not disappoint!  Their beer menu is about 6 pages long, with descriptions of each of the beers, which is great for beer dummies like me.  I think that we all tried 2 or 3 different beers and were all very satisfied. Drawbacks:  It was kind of a crummy night, so when I say that we were the only group in there; we were the ONLY group there.  So that was kind of a bummer.  I would like to go back on a different night, because I think that it really is a great hangout.  The second drawback is that I wasn't too impressed with the food.  I ordered the chicken nachos, and they weren't bad but I can't say that they were great either.   I would definitely come back here again.  There are so many more beers I have to try!!
Great place for a beer or excellent wine. Local owner and great service. Open 7 days a week. 10% off for groups of 10 or more.
Love this place! Atmosphere: smart and sleek yet comfortable.  They always have great music playing Drinks: awesome beer selection, great happy hour specials! Food: flatbreads are amazing. I've also gone for brunch and had the chicken and waffles (drooling as I type) and the breakfast flatbread...ugh so good!! Real reason why you should go: bartenders, chefs, and owner. They make you feel like friends/ family.
Good ambiance, but HORRIBLE service, even when empty. Unless you know one of the dudes cleaning the tables, they will attend you, otherwise, get ready to clean your own table. Sad thing, they see you doing it, and will not even try to help you, lol. It is sad because this place is a good a place, but it is what is. Wait, I just noticed they do cater the regulars, my bad. On the bright side, acoustic dude on Wednesday, and Tiffany, the chef , they are awesome, though they got deal with these HORRIBLE help.
Visited last night for drinks/dinner with a friend.  I like the decor with the big chairs inside and the patio seating outside, definitely gives it more of a loungy feel then just a straight up bar.  Food was very good-- had the shrimp blt and my friend had the mixed green salad with chicken, we both cleared our plates.  They were out of a few things, but I feel like this is normal when a place just gets off the ground. Service was great and very friendly. The only thing that made it lose one star in my book was that the music was kind of loud (both inside & out) and while the beats were fun, it was a contrast to the lounge feel and definitely felt more like music you'd hear at Wall Street.  I was hoping for less of a Church St. vibe and more of a Thornton Park vibe.  I think they're still figuring it out, but I'd definitely recommend stopping by for a brew or some snacks.
There are some great things about Therapy. Casual atmosphere. Upscale ambience. Location is close to Orange Ave and Lake Eola. Extensive Beer selection. Very prompt and friendly service. Unfortunately the food was just ok. We had the wings which were great. But the build your own nachos were pretty bland. I think the salsa came from a jar. Seemed like the meat had no seasoning. Red onions were $1 extra. Would definitely suggest coming here for drinks though if you want to avoid the chaos of Church/Wall street. Also, it may have just been when we were there, but the only music they played was John Mayer. Not joking. I loved it, my girlfriend did not.
Owner was nice, atmosphere was relaxed, music at a good volume, not too crowded nor expensive. Great "pre-movie" happy hour location!
The Guinness pudding is beyond AMAZING - can not recommend highly enough!!  Great service and a friendly staff! We love this place & we highly recommend it!  Amazing food menu, beyond amazing beer menu and a fabulous wine selection.  The owner Gavin is very knowledgable and came in on his night off when it was crowded.  You come here and it's no worries!!
Great bottled beer selection. Good nachos and awesome guinness chocolate pudding. The service was friendly and the space is cool. We would come back.
Late night on Tuesday and the service was excellent. Not a lot of people but we felt comfortable being there. Great brews and nice wine list.
I visited Therapy Brew Bar this past Sunday with my husband and another couple and I can happily say it is added to my list of places I plan on returning.  The seating on the inside has super comfy chairs and they have many TV's to it makes it a good spot to watch a game and fortunately we arrive shortly before happy hour ended so we all got 22oz craft brews for $5 which is always a great way to start out a visit to a new place.  The menu consists of about 6 or 7 craft beers on tap plus a full page of bottled craft beer options and then a couple pages of wine as well.  Although I didn't drink wine this visit I did take note to the fact most if not all of the wines offered also had a "by the glass" offering which I LOVED because nothing drives me more nuts than going to a wine place and having a wine list of 100 choices but only 5 of them offer a per glass price.  If I'm with a friend who doesn't necessarily want the same wine as me or if we aren't interested in having multiple glasses a piece then this really restricts our options so I was excited to see so many options at Therapy that would meet my wants/needs.  The food menu, although much smaller than the drink menu, is very comprehensive in appetizers, salads, sandwiches, burgers, and entree items and many of them were on the healthier side which is always welcome in my book.   Service was good enough, it didn't stand out as an exceptional experience but I was content with the service received. I can see this location being very popular once it starts to warm up a bit more because it has a huge outdoor patio area but I don't recall seeing heaters so we opted to stay indoors. One thing to note- the restaurant is on the second floor in the building so although it can be seen from the street it might not be the most obvious location unless you know its there.  Bookmark it on Yelp and you will have no problem remembering where to look :)
Really nice and relaxing place. Good food and excellent beer selection. Very nice outdoor seeting ara as well! Try the Chicken and Waffles.
Great atmosphere, friendly staff. We are going to have your after wedding party here. The owner Gavin is awesome.
My boyfriend and I came here and were from out of town and spotted this place. Heard the music from outside which Drew us in. Once you walk in the ambience was very cozy and chill if you are looking for a chill relaxing spot to go to. They had live music while being here which is a plus. They have a great selection of craft beers and wines! The kitchen was quick, food was Delilah. it's a small upscale bar/winery. Will def come back.
First ever review to write that was well worth to be written. Rainy cold weather on our day off. After being cooped up, my husband and I felt the need to get out and try someplace new. Parked near Aspire, and the Therapy Brew bar was next door. Great beer selection, great food and a really great staff. Had the Heferwiezen and Lagunitas sucks, along with the margarita flatbread and sweet and spicy nuts. All delicious! The pesto was on point!! Intended to just have a beer, but Gavin was such a great host and enjoyed talking about craft beers that we stayed longer than expected and had much more. Left with a taste for wanting to come back and keep trying. Also tried their home made Bloody Mary mix, we will definitely be back for the brunch time which I hear is very popular. A must try spot that has a very sociable atmosphere and great food. Didn't get the chefs name but she was a doll and the food was impeccable - hit the spot!!
It has a very privileged location. The atmosphere is great, the first thing I noticed about it was the playlist, perfect mix of mellow and alternative, I immediately loved the music. There's a lot of attention to detail, which is reflected even in the beer glasses that are embellished with the logo. The food is very good. I had the Double Dip which was healthy, delicious and the portion was very generous for one person. The beer selection is excellent. And finally, the staff is very friendly, knowledgeable and helped make the whole experience awesome. You'll see Gavin, the owner, there and he'll make sure you have a great time. It's my new go-to place for an after work beer and a relaxing time. :)
The most delicious food! Therapy Brew Bar is a chill place to relax and have a glass of wine, a few beers with friends or a meal during a business meeting. The food is fresh and the beer selection is like none other in the area!
