Great little spot in downtown.  Drinks are awesome, great bartenders.  Classic drink menu's.  Plus, they carry Pappy, so can't really go wrong with that!
This place is where you want to go if you want a REAL cocktail! It's funny, as I am enjoying my drinks, I was a witness to several people who were ordering beers... REALLY? These peeps really know what they are doing. They are great at making drinks their own! They use really fresh ingredients and I know that their menu rotates, as they print out their menu fresh every day! Our bartender was so friendly and knowledgeable! All of the drinks that I had were very tasty. While this place gets really really crowded, its worth it if you are looking for something besides your standard rum and coke! Check this place out!
Thank Jesus, we have a REAL Cocktail bar in DT Orlando! The atmosphere is bangin', velvety couch up front, long bench in the middle and a cozy corner in the back with a nest on the ceiling (you can find me here weekly) and of course, the grand wood detailed bar - WOW! Just gorgeous. The Edison lights lining the bar give it a San Fran feel for sure. Orlando, behold, a gorgeously made cocktail. Yes, you have to wait a while for your turn to order and then watch as they do their magic and craft up a deliciously details drink. I am glad I made it in here during the opening weeks because I think once the word gets out, this place will be uber busy. I may make this my go-to bar during slow week days so I can actually relax and enjoy the ambiance. My favs: - Blueberry Lavender housemade soda (i had Gin added) - brilliant! - Slow Hum Fizz - first class - Ruby Red Basil - refreshing If you are in a rush, don't go here. If you want a lovely, relaxing evening with an all sense inspiring beverage, stop in here! Tip generously, these bartenders and actual mixologists and not just throwin' some vodka with a mixer, they rock at what they do, respect them!
What I liked:  RUBY RED BASIL.  Super delicious drink with vodka, grapefruit juice, and basil leaves.  It was heavenly.  The place is trendy, cute, and fun.  I like the environment.  The crowd was a little "hipsterish" but I friendly. The downside:  VERY very busy on a Saturday night.  The drinks are kinda "fancy pants" and take a little bit to prepare... so the bartender was very backed-up.  It look 15-20 minutes to get a couple of drinks.   Also, my drink was like $8-9 bucks.  That's kinda steep for one drink, but it was absolutely delicious... so I didn't feel that upset about it. All in all, I look forward to heading back on a less busy night and trying another one of their drinks!
This may be my new favorite bar in Orlando. It's small, quiet and totally the swanky speakeasy cocktail vibe I've been searching out. The space is beautiful.  The woodwork, the chairs, the bottles behind the bar...all perfection. The drink menu is unique and fun and you totally don't get the pretentious feeling that other place try to put out there. The wait staff is super friendly and helpful.  We made it there for happy hour one night and it was excellent. The other people in the bar were about the same age...30-ish.  They have good happy hour specials: $4 for all draft beer -  $4 hand crafted PUNCH - $4 featured wine. I had the punch because it sounded fun - and it was delicious!! Plus, they had these really yummy crackers they they kept putting in front of me.  It was a deadly combination.  I can't wait to go back!
I love this place so much it hurts. It's like Anthropologie if Anthropologie was a bar. I pretend to read the menu, but honestly I just pick my drink based on the name...and I've never ended up with a cocktail I didn't like.
Finally Orlando gets its first "speakeasy" kind of bar. I wouldn't think it fits into any category but maybe neighborhood dive/speakeasy. It's not a classy place but people sure try to dress the part. Sipping on cocktails and hanging around your friends is nice. The decor is a little confusing. Reworked vintage furniture with disco era upholstery? I know the place use to be "Have a nice day cafe" back in the day. Not sure if it was anything after that. Now onto the cocktails.... the "Old Fashioned" was good by Orlando standards. Watermelon Basil Cocktail.. What were you thinking? I thought it was supposed to be fresh ingredients but it tasted like it was sitting in the fridge for a couple days. Definitely not fresh at all. I couldn't even take more than two sips. Another courtesy is for fresh herbs... Out of the five of us drinking, all the herbs (basil) were wilted badly. I hope this place makes some minor changes. I was informed everyone that works there are friends for a long time and opened this place together. So this is just my input to you guys. Nice job.
The Courtesy is one of the new bars in the downtown area.  We came here on a Friday night during a Magic game, and to our surprise it was not busy!  This definitely has a Speakeasy type feel from the obscurely lit sign out from to the concrete walls and ornate lighting glowing atop the bar. We were instantly greeted by the bartender and the man with the handlebar mustache (need a pic of that), when we walked in and given a paper menu that had two sides.  one was their specialties, the other the beer.  One cool thing to note, is that they have a decent selection of Absinthe (green fairy anyone?)  My wife and I decided to try two of the drinks on the menu, The Widow Maker, and The Corpse Reviver.  Both were excellent!  They were made in an old fashion style in front of us, then the mouths of the glass were wiped down with a lemon, and served with the drink. They are kind of pricey, but are basically pure alcohol and definitely have a kick!
Courtesy, I like the cut of your jib. This new bar downtown is definitely stylin' - taking some cues from the architecture of the Dolive building, which is nearing the century point, the long and narrow space features what are likely the original stamped tin ceilings, dim lighting from Edison squirrel-cage light bulbs, a heavy wooden bar manned by bartender in a bow-tie (and a steampunk cash register for ringing up your bill), and ample seating in the form of several conversation groups and a long, low bench that runs along the length of the space, parallel to the bar, with tables interspersed.  At some point I want to come back here in '20s garb with my husband rocking a sweet monocle. Drinks include draft and bottle beer and wine, but there's an emphasis on spirits and craft cocktails - it's a fun atmosphere to hang with friends and try new drinks.
I've been here once so far, but plan on returning!  I don't normally drink liqour drinks and am more of a beer and wine girl, but after tasting a few of the cocktails a friend of mine had....I'd definitely like to return to have a few of those drinks myself.  They do have a good selection of beers and wines for those of you who either don't drink liqour or who just want a change of pace. The Corsair Mule will be first on my list.  The little taste I had of it was absolutely delicious and like nothing I've ever had before! The ambiance is very cute.  It's small and intimate and the lighting is dim and comfortable.  They have couches that line the wall with tables and plenty of seating at the bar.  Very cozy and comfortable spot to come have a few good drinks and it's not loud either which makes it easy to talk to the people you're with. The girl's bathroom was very cute and clean.  Pink walls with old fashion decor and a small chandelier type light fixture.  Always a nice touch.  They don't have purse hooks under the bar, which I hope they add in the future since the bar chairs are not made for hanging a purse on the back of it.  So you either have to hold it in your lap, put it on the bar or set it on the floor.
I was lost on a rainy evening and found myself in a dim corner here being served something that may or may not have been glowing.  No matter what unspeakable tragedy or outrageous fortune has befallen you outside the doors of The Courtesy,  there is a mystical brew or medicinal remedy whispering your soulname here.
The new hot spot in Orlando - watch out! This place is pretty cool. They have some really delicious drinks for you to sip on while you're lounging on their comfortable couches and seats. The decor is amazing. I honestly don't even feel like I'm in Orlando when I'm at this bar. The bartenders are nice and I think overall this is a great place to just hang out with some friends. As much as I like this place, I'm not a fan of waiting forever and a day for my drink. Seriously, I don't care how "hand made" a drink is, 15 entire minutes on one drink is absurd. Also, don't plan on going here on the weekend. You'll be lucky if you can get in the door. (Can you imagine the wait time then?) Overall I like this place and I will for sure be back - it will just be on a low key night when I hope nobody else is there.
This bar has got to be one of my new favorites downtown. Why? I'll tell you why: It wasn't very crowded and the type of people that go there are not the slopping LETSGETWASTED type. The cocktails are a bit pricey, but I think they're worth it because of the way they're made and what they're made out of. I ordered the Blackbird, which I thought it was so neat watching the bartender girl do her thing. I don't know exactly what was involved but I saw her crushing a sugar cube, mixing up blackberry jam, a couple drops of lemon juice, and using lemon zest for it. It was pretty cool compared to the usual coke and whiskey from a fountain hose. The Repo Man was really good too- that was similar to a margarita but with a little spicy zing to it. The décor is pretty neat also. I loved how dim the place was with candles and vintage looking paintings and decorations around. I enjoyed it very much. I'll be going again!
DT was in dire need of real mixologists and The Courtesy has filled that need! The  inviting, apothecary-inspired decor sets the mood for a drink experience like no other in Orlando. The ambiance sets the mood for a chill atmosphere. Remember that patience is a virtue as you hang out at the bar. The bar can get very busy and these are not your typical pour some vodka over juice drinks. These mixologists are crafting timeless classics for you and the wait is well worth the cocktails. If you follow their FB page, you'll see these mixologists are bringing us the classics with a new twist.   If you love spiced rum and ginger concoctions, this is your bar! Their Sailor Mule combines spiced rum with ginger beer- a lot like a dark and stormy. The ginger really makes a statement in this drink! Right by the entrance is an absinthe bar. I think the shots were like $15 each, but potent to the last drop. I had one shot and I literally felt my inside were on fire. I can't wait to return to The Courtesy and be introduced to a new cocktail.
Drinks are delicious and unique (and you definitely pay for it, I don't think there was a cocktail under $10, and that's just where they start) but be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes for one on a Friday or Saturday, and also be prepared to drink it while standing awkwardly packed in like a sardine (i.e. the place is too popular for its small size). I prefer a place where I can actually sit and talk to my friends over a drink.
Definitely one of my new favorite places to hang out. The bartenders are true craftsmen and women who know their stuff. The drink selection includes some old favorites with a distinct twist. It's small and unusual for Orlando, but definitely worth a visit.
Off the strip a little bit, but I can understand why. This quaint location is meant to be undiscovered or not overcrowded. The 1920s/Speakeasy theme is the main idea and I LOVE IT! It's small enough to create the experience of a speakeasy but its not too small to create claustrophobia. We went on a Thursday and it was pretty steady with people in and out. I'd say this is a place to start your night or end your night. Well heck, you can spend the whole night there. The best part is that it's away from the rah-rah of clubs. It's past the corner of I-bar or Orange. I ordered the blackberry. My friend ordered a ginger drink ... forgot the name but it was quite tasty!
Wow-- what an awesome little place!  Got to try it for the first time a few nights ago.  Wandered up and down Orange a bit trying to find it (Google Maps has it marked on the OTHER side of the road and there is NOTHING to indicate that this Cocktail Bar is what it is until you wander inside)-- a literal hidden gem. Inside is an interesting blend of apothecary, steampunk, wish a splash of old west saloon tossed in.  It's dark, but cozy-- and not too loud!  Lots of good places to sit with a few friends and enjoy a great drink. The bartenders were friendly and really knew their stuff.  I had a Ruby Red Basil-- great summer drink!  Refreshing and not too sweet. The more I think about it, the more I feel like although the drinks are on the expensive side, they are priced fairly-- you are paying for the ambiance of the bar itself and the experience that their mixologists bring to the table. Come thirsty, bring patience, and bring a good conversation partner.  You won't be disappointed.
This place is very hipster, which I don't mind at all. The bartenders spend time making each cocktail perfect and they are very friendly.  Prices are a bit steep though :/ My husband paid $11 for an Old Fashioned.
Get on down here and get your cocktail shaken, stirred, even poured for that matter!   This place has a great ambiance, cozy, not too loud, and some lovely combinations of liquid bliss.   Their bar is stocked, so no matter if you want just an everyday libation or if you need your palette to be challenged, they've got you covered.   The Old Fashioned I had this last week at Happy Hour was fanfreakintastic and made this Old Kentucky boy smile three ways to Sunday.  My friend's choice for the Sazerac was equally as divine and will be my choice next time I'm there. Even their ice rocks (pun intended)!  It isn't your ordinary cube....it's big, firm, and lasts (innuendo not intended, well maybe it was).  Seriously, the ice must be made extra extra cold because it seems to not melt and therefore otherwise change the complexion of the taste intended.
Impeccable decor!!  These folks didn't miss a thing.  For real....amazing.   I had the drink that has ginger in it (sorry, can't remember the name).  It was pretty tasty and had a stick in it that read 'Well Done'.  Again, nice touch.   I've been there a few times (both when it's busy and not so busy).  The wait was lengthy every time but if you don't mind waiting in a beautiful space for a delicious drink then this is your place.
Awesome cocktails, very high quality, super nice staff, & amazing environment. I don't suggest going to The Courtesy on a Friday or Saturday, due to the high care the bartenders take in making the drinks, each drink takes about 4-5 minutes to make, so you can find yourself waiting almost 30 minutes for a drink if it's even remotely busy. It's nothing I'm upset about because it has nothing to do with a lack of care about the customers. In fact, it's because the bartenders do care so much about each drink. It's a double edge sword. Drinks are also on the expensive side. Look to spend at least $8-9 per drink. All of that said, I love going there. I just make sure I show up before 8PM so I'm not waiting too long for drinks. It is definitely one of the best things to happen to downtown Orlando in a long, long time. Finally something that isn't a booty-grinding club. Way to go, Courtesy. Definitely check this place out if you are in town, just make sure it's an early visit.
Chic.  Chic.  Chic.  This boîte could be in Paris or New York--think Delancey Street meets Ralph's on Avenue Saint Germaine.... It's romantic, sexy and fun.  The mixologists-bartenders are charming and clever.  And the cocktails are made with  special ice cubes--that alone is worth the trip.  The beer and wine selection is great. It's best to go on the early side because the word is out and it gets crowded.
Easily my favorite bar in downtown Orlando. Been a few times, also came here for drinks after my birthday dinner. Great selection of craft cocktails.
If you want an excellent crafted cocktail I highly recommend this lounge. Its unique in form, just outside of the natty downtown Orlando riff raff shenanigans and caters to a very eclectic crowd. I have seen local attorneys sipping the Moscow Mule after a hard day in court to nationally known band members tatted up, twistee moustaches and girls in doc martens to Gucci platforms sipping a cool and refreshing Ruby Red Basil. If you're lucky you may meet the owner in there from time to time trying out something new and intoxicating.. or maybe me!!!! Haha
Wonderful drinks, worth every penny :)
Themed like a movie set, this throwback to the 20's is serious about good cocktails...and an Absinthe experience. Try the Vesper martini.
I LOVE The Courtesy.....from the decor, to the genuinely nice staff, to the delicious drinks. This is a delightful NEW addition to Orlando.  It's nice that it's on the edge of the crazy that is downtown Orlando at nights and on the weekends. If you want a hand crafted cocktail in a classy environment, The Courtesy is your place!
Kick azz! My Stella Maker was tops. The Steampunk looking environment was killer. Red lights, tiled ceilings, nooks and comfy seats. The bartenders took pride in their craft, were knowledgeable and dished out a mean pour.
Get the Sailor Mule!  It even comes in a cool cup!  It is a refreshing beverage with ginger and mint.  Delicious!  the bartenders are great here!  Helpful, attentive, and make one hell of a drink!  My favorite place to hang and have a casual night out chatting with friends.
Great ambiance and great sitting area... bartender was kind of rude
This is the iceberg that opened the leaden words from your chest. This is the iceberg that doused your regrets. This is the iceberg that made glass into sand into dust. This is the iceberg that asked your belly "penguin" or "walrus". This is the iceberg you'll mistake as tightrope, as chasm.
yes, this place is wicked awesome! i love the craftiness of the cocktails. They take their time to make it just right and you can taste it! I had a champagne margarita...totally amazing! The atmosphere is cozy and quaint and the details in the decor is top notch. Will for sure be heading back for more than just one cocktail :)
What a great concept for Downtown Orlando. The Courtesy is laid back, relaxing, and just what we needed outside the "norm" of dubstep / party clubs. If you wanna chill atmosphere to meet up and grab a drink with friends. THIS IS THE PLACE! Think of it as the "Cask & Larder" of Orlando bars.
I went here this weekend with a large group and had a fantastic time. The longest I waited for a drink was three minutes. Everyone who worked there was incredibly friendly and helpful including the bar back. This is exactly what a good bar should be.
This has turned into one of our favorite spots. The cocktails are top notch, and the list is always changing. The bartenders know what they are doing, and that doing involves smashing ice with mallets, slapping mint on wrists, and assorted other entertaining activities. The liquor selection is large and interesting. The classes they host are super. The atmosphere is intimate and inviting. We often head down here during the week because it is a little more laid back than on the weekend. #winning.
update from a couple months ago... went again with a friend and they completely lost her credit card for some time.   the bartender said she gave it back to us and told us to look at our stuff.   we said we did and she ignored us and said she gave it back.   we kept looking, but nothing.  finally 10 minutes later, we ask to speak to a manager, who finally searches and says, "oh it fell behind the bar".   no apologies.   and this wasn't even their busiest night.   we will not come back for now, especially with the Woods and Hanson's being other very nice options.
Went here for my friends birthday!  They have amazing drinks.  They are so very unique and use high quality ingredients.  It's small and can get very crowded very quickly.
Heritage drink preparation by tight-vested gentlemen and sassy ladies who know exactly what to do to mix a great great drink. Stranahan's Colorado Whiskey...you wouldn't think so, but it'll surprise you. Also, they have standards like Basil Hayden, Hudson Baby Bourbon. Creative cocktails and pretty good beer selection. Unique decor rounds out this social spot.
I really liked this place when it first opened but I haven't been back in a long time because the crowd is just to much to handle. I feel if i'm not wearing some vintage vest and a weird mustache I'm not allowed to come in and enjoy their great cocktails, and believe me they are great! Very cool atmosphere inside but just not the best or accepting crowd for someone who dresses in jeans and a button down.
Great craft made drinks which is why they were a little pricey. The gimlet was delish and refreshing. Nice atmosphere too. I felt like I was in New York.
Excellent drinks. They practice the art of mixology here for sure. Jesse was a great bartender the first time we went, he kept serving those addictive oyster crackers and was making sure that our drinks were up to par. The second time we went, he was not there, so the female bartender we had was not great. The drinks were great, but her service was not. We had to keep asking for the crackers, she wouldn't even bother asking if the drink was good or not. So, to make it short: drinks are excellent, service was hit and miss. They deserve the 5 star rating on the drinks alone, but make sure you ask if Jesse is in, he was great.
The bartenders are great and the drinks are amazing!  I really enjoyed the atmosphere a lot.  So far my favorite is the ruby red basil cocktail.  The drinks do take a little time to make but they pack a punch!
This place is great for cocktails, they update their menu every other month or so, they make they're own simple syrups, bitters and use fresh ingredients in every single one or their drinks.  The service is topnotch, really good place to have a drink and talk with a friend.
New bar downtown. Warm and inviting atmosphere to chill with friends and have a drink. Loved the I could hang and chat with my group. No thumping loud music or typical drunk young crowd. Must have the Corsair Mule... It is delicious!!
Love this spot. Finally a real cocktail bar in Orlando. Great decor, chill atmosphere, top-notch drinks, and staff that takes pride in what they are handing you. A perfect spot for when you need something more adult and chill than what the usual bars/clubs in the area can offer. If you're looking for a real classy cocktail, go here.
Rose is an awesome bartender. Great drinks!!!
If I ever hit the lottery I am hiring Katie as my own personal bartender. She is a cocktail making machine!!!
Great vibe & excellent craft cocktails.
We checked out The Courtesy Sunday afternoon after hearing good things from a friend. There were a handful of people inside and 2 hipsters behind the bar. I figured one of them would have come over to bring us a menu but they did not. My husband got up and grabbed a menu and the hipster girl said "oh, sorry about that", so obviously she saw we were there. This didn't mean she was going to come over and take a drink order, my husband had to go back up and order. And then we waited. And waited. While she just leaned against the bar and talked to her buddies. I finally decided we should just leave. On the way out, I stopped by the bar and asked her if she was planning on making our drinks, and she said "Oh, yes, I was just about to make your...... uh, what did you order again?" I just said "Never mind" and we walked out. It was so infuriating. I am really getting over the "too hip for thou" bar scene. It looked like a nice place and I'm sure the drinks are tasty but we'll never know cuz we won't go back. So disappointing! We ended up at another bar with prompt service. Apparently, Scott Joseph was underwhelmed too. scottjosephorlando.com/i…
Well, I've been to some cocktail bars in my day, and this place has a good energy about it. It probably helped that I was in some pretty cool company the night I tried this place, but I do also think that this is one of those bars to which I'd have no problem at all coming alone. For one reason, the service seemed friendly and efficient, taking orders from those of us at the pleasantly-crowded bar in more or less the order of appearance. The woman making my drinks was fairly quick, even though some of the drinks I ordered had a degree of complexity. Sometimes at a craft cocktail bar, quickness equates to sloppiness, which leads to a subpar drink. These things can't be rushed...but it IS possible to be more efficient, and this woman could probably lead a bartenders' seminar on the subject. For a bar like this, the prices aren't too terrible. They had some cheaper specials going the night I was there, but I wanted to try the more complicated cocktails - still not as pricey as some other bars around the country. I can recommend the Honey Cut, which is a refreshing gin-based cocktail with fresh honeydew juice as the central flavoring agent. Honeydew and gin is such a great combination, I feel as if I should have thought of it first. Oh well. I also had a Plant City Blvd, essentially a variant on the classic Negroni, using Old Overholt rye whiskey as the base instead of gin, and with a nice strawberry-infused Campari as the bittering accent. A bitter, potent sipper, this was probably my favorite of the night. To close out, I had a Fernet & Cola (on tap!) just because. Actually, that's not true...I can make a perfectly good Fernet Y Coca myself, but what sold me here was the Courtesy's housemade cola. I'm not going to bother making cola myself, that sounds complicated. The Courtesy's didn't disappoint. As I mentioned above, I like the vibe here. It's a little haven for in-the-know imbibers, yet it manages to not be too snobby. Somehow, I feel as if downtown Orlando, outside of the local cognoscenti, has not quite cottoned on to the "craft cocktail" thing yet...and that's not an insult, because I think that's a great place to be on the evolutionary timeline of better food and drink. Enjoy it while it lasts. I know I will the next time I make it up the Turnpike.
I love the atmosphere of The Courtesy - small, dark, secluded.  It's a great place to get away from the usual ick that is downtown nightlife. Here you'll get a quality drink with a strong pour and amazing flavors.  Yeah, it might take five minutes for them to make it, but it's oh so worth it.  I'm a sucker for any gin-based drink, but my friends all swear by the Sailor Mule, which comes on tap.  Honestly, I've never had a bad drink here, so it's a great place to try something new.  The prices are on par with any place that serves craft cocktails, so expect to pay $9-$14 per drink.  But these drinks are meant to be savored, not chugged.  It's worth it to me for some high quality libations.
The quality of the drinks were good and the service was good; the atmosphere was lacking. People getting loud and explicit in their conversation with the bar tender does not speak "courtesy" to me. It also doesn't speak of a classy atmosphere. As far as the actual cocktails go, this matches up with other craft cocktail places that I've been, but the "rustic" atmosphere was ruined by hipsters that are still learning how to swear. I love hipsters, at least in theory, but the excessive graphic sexual conversation that can be heard on the other side of the bar is unnecessary. I realize that customers only vaguely reflect on the establishment, but the tenders were involved as well. I know, it's a bar. Deal with it, right? If this was the Roxy, sure. Even Redlight or Oblivion, I understand. It just doesn't fit the atmosphere put off by the storefront, decoration, quality of drinks or reputation. TL;DR: I enjoyed the drinks. I enjoyed the process of seeing my drink made. I enjoyed the atmosphere. But, loud crass customers are bad; and bartenders that join in are worse. I'd come again, but my expectations are solidly lowered.
This is a favorite spot to go to for drinks. I used to stop here nearly every day when I carpooled with my husband (he works in the offices above) and I'd always take advantage of their happy hour. The cocktails are always made with interesting ingredients. And when I'm in the mood for something not on the menu, the bartenders are able to suggest something I'd like.
This is my watering hole. I love this place! My bartenders Josh and Maria are always on point with amazing cocktails and fun conversation. I like the fancy ambiance because I like to get dressed up to drink my whiskey but if I don't dress up I don't get judged and I love that too! This is my weekly spot (sometimes more often) and I feel it always will be.
The Courtesy reminds me of cocktail bars in Brooklyn. It's small, dark, and man oh man are you going to get a great drink! The bartenders know what they're doing and they know how to do it quickly. When you're making a great cocktail, sometimes it takes a few minutes, but the bartender I had took three drink orders of varying complexity at once and had everyone's order ready within four minutes. This will certainly be my downtown spot for years to come. Make it yours too.
While venturing into downtown Orlando is becoming an increasingly dangerous proposition, once entering The Courtesy,  you are transported into a wonderful environment that makes you forget about the weekly police shootings and VIP section stabbings. Constantly new cocktail creations, always with fresh herbs- keeps me coming back again and again. Seriously, skip the bullshit bars and head here for the best downtown bar experience Orlando has to offer.
An awesome hipster bar! I really like how this bar is kinda hidden.  They don't have a sign so it can be easily missed, but I personally think that's what makes it unique.  It's also great to know it's not in the middle of the chaos in downtown. The decor in here has a vintage/rustic look, which I personally love.  It's a cozy, chill spot, and check out the back table there's a nest in the ceiling!  Pretty cool I might say.  It's a small place and it does get crowded especially during the weekends.  Also the bathrooms are clean and well kept.  Something you don't see a lot especially in downtown O.O This is by far the BEST place to get REAL handcrafted cocktails.  If you're use to getting your drinks fast and so-so, reset your mind to that.  They take the time here to make your drink (patience) and use ingredients that are unique and can make you question yourself what it is.  But if you know what kind of liquor you like, just trust that their drinks will perfect it.  Their strong, but real good!  I had the Honey Cut, good mix of gin and honey dew. Prices are a little pricey for probably what the norm of what usually everyone pays, but I promise it's worth it.  These are great drinks and they definitely know what their doing here!
The mixologists are incredibly talented and can prepare drinks to perfection.  Tey stumping them by ordering drinks from the 1920s,  you'll soon realize, as I did, that one cannot stump them. For something different,  try the premixed liquor drinks on tap.
My friend and visited the Courtesy on a Tuesday night, in celebration of another friends new job.  We sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender, JR.  He was very helpful as we were trying to decide what would quench our thirst--hmm... something with gin. I enjoyed the Honeycut -- Haymans Old Tom gin, fresh honeydew juice, Carpano Bianco vermouth, fresh lime, simple syrup, Himalayan pink salt and mint garnish served on the rocks.  I was very yummy and crisp.  Not overly sweet with an undertone of salty.  Very different and very intriguing. My friend had the Zona Rosa -- St. George Botanivore gin, Punt E Mes vermouth, Aperol, Cynar, infused rose petals and an orange twist served up. Both drinks were very delicious and very strong! Well worth the price.  If I was going out on the town for a romantic dinner I would definitely consider starting or ending the night here!
One of my favorite spots in downtown Orlando. Wonderful craft cocktails, vintage decorations, friendly staff, and great music. My only complaint would be that the drinks are a little pricey, but for what you are getting, it's worth it!
A perfect balance of classic and modern. The Courtesy has definitely become one of my favorite bars in downtown Orlando with it's hip atmosphere and spectacular drinks. Like many others, my go-to libation is the Sailor Mule -- a concoction of spiced rum, ginger beer, and lime. It's a great drink to start the night off and it's refreshing flavor definitely hits the spot. The atmosphere is beautiful; the exposed brick, patterned ceiling tiles, minimalistic and artistic decor, and authentic feel all make The Courtesy warm and inviting. It does get ridiculously packed on the weekends, but that's downtown for you. On those days, I recommend checking to see if they have the sidebar open for orders. It'll be on your right-hand side the moment you enter. There's usually less of a line and they'll be able to make the basic drinks, at least. That's their one downside, their drinks -- while delicious -- take awhile to craft; so be patient if you try to order at the bar, it'll take forever for them to get your order. Pro-tip: They're located right next to Saddle Up. There's no signage, so it can be difficult to locate at first.
Why 5 stars? Because oh how I haven't stopped thinking about you.   ---   ---   --- I recently stopped in and had the Sailor Mule. It was one of those things where as I was initially sipping it, I enjoyed it... but it wasn't something that was changing my life or anything. And then... as I kept sipping, my life felt like it was suddenly changed. Every liquor-serving establishment I visited in the coming weeks after, I sought to match the perfection of The Courtesy. I failed. For my next trip to the 407, Courtesy... I wanna be on you.
This place is classy. Not like that bar next door with all those trashy country folks and college kids. Jk I love saddle up too. If you want a premium cocktail served by a British guy with unique facial hair, this is your place. I got the "honey cut" cocktail and it was fantastic. The other cocktails, which I can't remember the names of were also delicious. This place is a bit on the pricey side with most being around $11. Beers I believe were $5. Of note, I actually saw our bartender chill a glass for beer by placing ice in it, swirling it around, emptying the ice and then pouring in the beer. Does it more effectively chill the glass then placing it in the refrigerator? Probably not, but hey this place is classy.
In Orlando for a little work, a little play and on the hunt for a good drink. Thanks to my handy dandy Yelp app, I'm guided far, far away from the family buffets, screaming riders and straight towards the Courtesy. The vibe in this narrow little watering hole, is a little hipster, a little prohibition circa 1928.  The bartenders serve up craft cocktails while rockin suspenders and I even spotted a handlebar mustache!  But what really made The Courtesy near and dear to my heart was their badass Absinthe dispenser!!! 5 star winner!
I'm not a huge craft cocktail person, but if you are, this place is for you. Even with that said, I still liked this place.  The seating is nice and cozy and the bar has that old-timey/classy feel.  A seemingly cool place to sit and hang out with friends away from the noisy club scene.
Think of your favorite cocktail and order it here. I promise it will be the best you've ever had. The bartenders are great and fun to talk to if you have the time. If you go there and buy a drink be sure to ask about the tickets they have available for upcoming shows as they will give them to you for free.
Orlando is fun... But let's face it... It's all about the theme parks.   I must say that this little bar changed my mind about Orlando.   First impression- it's cute, it's dark and it's cozy.  Am I really still in Orlando? It was a Saturday night so the bar was a little packed.  But never fear our party of 6 quickly found a seat at the bar.  I'm not a fan of sitting "at the bar."  But I really didn't feel that way The Courtsey. The service was great.  It was named The Courtsey for a reason.   The drink menu was fun.   It also had a nice wine selection. If I lived in Orlando this is a place I would frequent.
I've lived in Florida all my life, and i have been to Orlando time and time again like most Floridians. This time I finally broke down and used Yelp to find something new I haven't tried here. So me and my best friend wanted to have a quiet ladies night out without all the hustle of a nightclub. After going through many reviews throughout Orlando, this was my choice for the night. It was a great pick! So we parked a couple blocks over, $5 for parking and used my trusty GPS to find the right bar. It was a smaller place, but felt very comfortable. Sat at the bar, and received a menu with a smile/small talk with the female bartender. We loved the choices and reasonable prices of their great hand- crafted drinks! The music was soothing, and we spent the night chatting it up as always! Perfect place for a girls night out, and if we stayed here, this would definitely be our go-to place! I can't wait to come back! On a side note, the ONLY reason I gave it 4 stars was because I drank my first drink so fast because it was wonderful... When I went to flag the bartender down to get another she and her coworker had their backs turned just having a good 'ole conversation. After waving a few times to no avail, I gave up and waited a little over 5 mins until someone finally came over. I can give it a pass this time, but if it happens again the same way I'll go somewhere else! Looking forward to updating this the next time I go. Toodles!
Oh Courtesy, will I ever tire of you? It's unlikely as long as they keep the quality of their cocktails at the current level. This place has a great atmosphere and decor, and fabulous drinks! They make their own syrups and when you get a cocktail that involves ice a hip bearded guy/gorgeous gal will take a mallet to a large block of ice right in front of you. Sure, it may be for style, but this place feels like the real deal. My favorite drinks on the menu include my tried and true Sailor Mule (Sailor Jerry Spiced Rum, Fever Tree Ginger Beer, Lime) and a Pisco Sour (that I no longer see on the menu *sadface*). They also have a $4 happy hour (5pm-8pm) homemade punch which is the bees knees (but they run out, so hurry over!
I'm in love with this "hole in the wall" spot on an extremely busy street. The drinks are unique and WELL made. The service is FABULOUS and the atmosphere is relaxed and mature most of the time. I don't have a friend (young or old) who does not enjoy this spot. I particularly enjoy the weeknights when it is a little more chill.
MMM MMM MMMM Do I love The Courtesy. There are a few speakeasys around town, but this one is all business. Great drinks, great company, and no annoying password to remember to get in. Prices are a bit high, but you are paying for quality here people, and quality is what you are going to get.
Easily the best bar we have been to in Orlando. My wife and I have been to craft cocktail bars in New York, Chicago and San Francisco and found this to be on their level. The cocktails were amazing, innovative and accessible. The atmosphere is cool and intimate. The music was not loud but it was good, with some Joy Division and others. Our bartender, Maria, was great - friendly, informative, yet not overbearing. It was busy but she still took the time to talk to us about the drinks we were having and even gave us a small sample of some other spirits. A wonderful bar that we would recommend to anyone who wants a great cocktail and a killer environment to enjoy with their friends.
I found this place by mistake. Needless to say, AWESOME! Glad I did. My Mixologist, Dee Dee was great. The drinks, made to perfection. She kept the consistency and flavors. I ordered the Reika with Cukes, basil, soda, splash of grapefruit, lime and bitters, WOW.  Not to mention the cool ambiance.
Wow, I can't believe I found this place. Tucked away to the left of Saddle Up is this gem in downtown Orlando. Handcrafted drinks, great vibe, and fantastic service. A little on the pricey end, but in the 407, you get what you pay for. Highly recommended!
Small place with unique and very tasty drinks.  Not a fancy place.  Not a big place.  Very dim.  Drinks are about $10 each.  They have a lot of ingredients and take a few minutes each to make.  I had one with tequila, lime, sour mix, Serrano pepper, and done other things.  Give it a shot if you're in the area and want a unique drink.
By far the best place I have been for a cocktail in Orlando...  The bartenders are pros... may take a couple minutes to make the drink you order but its because its all from scratch, from the juices to the syrups...  The rotating old fashioned is by far the best one I have had there.  Josh the bartender and his crew are genius.  I cant stay away for longer than a week... MUST TRY.  Best part is they are just on the outskirts of the downtown area...  No hassle with the crazy downtown crowd and there is always parking nearby.
Great atmosphere, nice bartenders and one of them made a great "Old Fashioned". The prices are amazing considering I almost pay double that where I live. A nice relaxing place to have a drink with friends new and old.
So, this place had delicious drinks! I got the spring back twice and it was so good. It was definitely the freshest drink I have ever had. Service was friendly, too. Overall, we had a great time. You get what you pay for, but the only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because they weren't using Air Conditioning last night, and we left because we were sweating like sinners in church. Otherwise, we probably would have stayed longer.
After reading all of the reviews, I must admit I had very high expectations for my experiences at The Courtesy.  To say that I was let down would be an understatement.   The room itself is dark, which I usually like, but the whole place felt very dirty.  The seating areas felt like a hodgepodge of stuff just thrown together.  The punch bowl in the corner that was1/4 full of "punch" and old fruit left a terrible impression as well.  At the end of the day though, it was the service and drinks that were going to make or break it for me.   I'm a friendly, outgoing guy, and to say that I was put off by the bartenders would be putting it mildly.  Too good to even entertain the thought of friendly conversation on a slow night.  Maybe they were in deep thought?  Maybe texting friends is more of a priority.   So, about the cocktails.  I had heard about the cocktails on tap and was excited to try them.  On both visits, I ordered cocktails on tap.  On both visits my cocktails were handcrafted.  While that's normally a great thing, it's not what I ordered.  On both visits, no explanation was given.  Only when asked why my drinks didn't come from the tap in the corner did I get some information.  Once, they were out and once the system was down.  Why not tell me when I order so that I can order something else?  This was not to the level of service that I had expected/hoped for.   Maybe some day I'll give you another shot, but it won't be anytime soon.  With so many great spots in this up and coming restaurant/bar city, great options make it difficult to justify return trips to disappointing establishments.
you go in and immediately anticipate the hipster-y pretentiousness. but it never comes.  this place is super chill and laid back.  there are lots of comfy places to sit (i love that they have the long banquette down the whole bar), and even have outdoor space.  unlike other "speakeasy" spots (ahem, hanson's) the courtesy still offers all the alcohol food groups and not just gin-based specialty cocktails...although they have those too. and even cocktails on tap! i usually just order my regular drink, but have had their pisco sour as well as the spring back...both good.
I've only been here twice, but I already know I will never grow tired of this place. First off, I'm not the biggest cocktail person- more of a beer or wine gal. Thanks to The Courtesy I now realize it's because I've always thought of cocktails as the crappy wells specials at other bars. I have yet to have a bad drink there and I haven't repeated the same drink twice. The bartenders are so knowledgeable and amazing if you just tell them what you like or don't like and they whip up some magic in a glass for you. Yes, the drinks aren't cheap, but they shouldn't be. These are solidly-made good drinks so you get what you pay for. One thing that I absolutely LOVED was the mix of people in there. From the adorable but possibly tweaked out club kids who were on their phones the whole time, to the goth/industrial couple that had boots on that must have weighed 10lbs each, to the douchey-looking frat guys, to the stereotypical well-off housewives that have probably not really been entirely sober in the last 5 years, to the hipsters that looked like sophisticated lumberjacks, to the nerds talking about bitcoins in the corner- everyone was there and having an awesome time and welcomed with open arms. (All that wasn't to somehow say I'm cooler than any of those groups, I'm actually impressed they even let me in such a cool place) LOVE it there and I will be going back!
How have I not reviewed this already!? I absolutely adore The Courtesy. First of all, walking into this place off of Orange Ave is like being transported to a quant neighborhood hotspot in the 50s. Not because of the decor or the drinks per se, but because it's just so familiar and even though the crafted cocktails are very involved, with complex flavors, there is something simple about it at the same time. I don't know how to explain it. The bartenders treat you like old friends and make drinks on or off menu as if they have known you for years. And there is this hospitality that you just don't find in other bars. Since leaving Orlando, this is one of the spots I miss terribly and make sure to drop by whenever I find myself in town for a visit. If you haven't already, stop in, grab a drink, bring some friends -- or don't. Either way, you'll be comfortable and happy gabbing with friends or strangers. It's just that kind of place. Also, they do a happy hour punch from open to until the punch runs out. Whatever they decide to make that day and it's $4 (I think). And I've never been disappointed.
I stopped by here this past Monday after playing some trivia at Tap & Grind. Since I had a few beers at T&G, I probably should not have had liquor at The Courtesy, but when I walked by it I couldn't resist going in, especially since I hadn't been before. I am very happy that I took a chance and gave it a try. I started off with the bar's "Sailor Mule" drink, which consists of Sailor Jerry rum (a personal favorite), fresh lime, ginger syrup and Fever Tree ginger beer. The drink was outstanding and probably one of the best cocktails I've had in the past year. The only downside to it is that it was so good that it made me curious to have another drink, which I did. I asked the bartender, Josh, if the bar had Fernet Branca (a current favorite); I didn't see it anywhere in the bar, but he quickly found it and made me a drink with it and that isn't officially on the menu. I can't recall what else was in it, but it was great. I finished with the "Pimm's Royale," which has Pimm's Cup (another favorite) in it. It also was excellent. Everything that I tried was. I left The Courtesy feeling very impressed and extraordinarily eager to return. Considering that the drinks I had were superb, I didn't mind the prices ... not that they're exceptionally high, but the prices here are more than what I think is "the norm" at other local bars. The "Sailor Mule" was $9 and was worth every cent. The "Pimm's Royale" was $8 and I felt that also was appropriate. Josh and the other bartender (a young woman) who were here on Monday were excellent hosts. Josh was very personable as well as knowledgeable and quickly and efficiently made an excellent recommendation for a drink including Fernet Branca. I was impressed. I believe that the drink with Fernet Branca in it took a few minutes to make, but I didn't mind. The effort he put into it made the drink better. It could be tricky to come here on a Fri.-Sat. night and order comprehensive cocktails, since I'm assuming some nights are busier than the Monday I was here. As of right now, I see that as the only problem The Courtesy has. The bar also serves several different types of absinthe, which I also am/was impressed by. I had to ask my friend about the legality of this, but he refreshed my memory that absinthe is perfectly legal. It just is illegal to import it. Okay, then. It's been 10+ years since I've had any kind of absinthe, but I definitely will be trying some at The Courtesy soon enough. The bar also has a good selection of draft beers, some of which are tough to find elsewhere. I hope to be back very soon. Five stars for now, and probably for the foreseeable future. This could become a favorite for me.
This is one of my favorite spots downtown. Order the Blanco 114, it's not on the menu but is delicious. It tastes like a mimosa and a margarita had a baby. Decor is funky, get there early if you want a seat and have fun.
The Courtesy is such a drastic step up from every other bar in the downtown Orlando area. It's refreshing to walk into a place with people that actually put time into the drinks they prepare. The building isn't marked, but it's right next to Saddle Up. The interior is dimly lit and cozy - perfect for a small gathering of friends with a taste for excellence. I'd love to try all the cocktails, but the Sailor Mule never fails me. Check this spot out if you want to stay classy in Orlando.
I absolutely love this place! I moved away from Orlando a couple years ago and am back visiting friends, and this bar makes me wish I still lived here! It would definitely be a regular spot for me! Friends say it's ridiculously busy on the weekends, but for a Wednesday night, it was great and quick with plenty of seating options (love the booth nook in the back!) The decor is ... Hmm. How to describe it. Kind of speakeasy type? Vintage? Casual. But super cool. The cocktails?! Mmmmmmm. They do have a list, all of which sound amazing. I tasted friends drinks and they were very yummy. I was looking at two cocktails made with rye whiskey (my fave) on the menu, but told the bartender I was looking for something manhattan-esque. He said he'd just made some chai vermouth (whaaaat!) and asked if I'd like a manhattan using that. Yes please!!! It was soooo good. Very subtle chai taste. Excellent after dinner drink! Highly recommend this spot for some well made cocktails! Om nom nom...
One of my favorite bars in Orlando! Classic, hand-crafted drinks and friendly, knowledgeable staff. It is a refreshing change from the clubs and 3-for-1 bars in Orlando. Check out the cocktail classes that are offered each month.
Great bar. Was in town for work and was directed here for another place. Was exactly what we were looking for. Unique drinks; intimate atmosphere.
The Courtesy puts a new spin on old school cocktails. Growing up in NYC, this is exactly what I felt Orlando had been lacking, and Orlando is doing it with perfect artistry here. I had the Seba Sour, a tangy and a little bit sweet bourbon drink with garam masala syrup (who knew?) garnished with star anise, and the South End Swizzle, a cachaca based cocktail with mostly citrus flavors and a hint of bubble gum aftertaste. These drinks are worth the $10+ for quality and alcohol content. The decor is decidedly hip, with wire chandeliers, exposed brick and the mandatory skull of some dead animal. This is a place even my Brooklyn-chic sister would approve of.
Awesome! A refreshingly different hangout with quality drinks compared to the same old cocktails found at every other bar downtown.  They keep the noise level pretty low so you can actually have conversations with your friends.  They also enforce the maximum occupancy to a reasonable level.  If you are turned away at first because it's too crowded, don't give up! Lollygag around for a while and come back in 15-20 minutes. It is worth your time - trust me. It is roomy.  I never fail to find a comfortable place to sit and chat.  The bartenders seem to genuinely enjoy their job and will help you with your selection.  I've never seen a full service absinthe bar before.  It's an experience just watching them make your drink. Overall, the most impressive aspect about the Courtesy is you can mention some uncommon specialty drink from who knows where, and even when it's not on the menu, there's a good chance they can duplicate it to near perfection.  Ask for a blood and sand, for example. Magnificent.  I love this place.  -- Super clean bathrooms too!
I have slowly fallen in love with this place. The atmosphere is great but the drinks are amazing. They are a little pricy but definitely worth it!
This is just one cool ass bar really. They make cocktails to be sipped, not slurped. The quality in the ingredients and the care in preparing drinks totally negates the price - and really, there are a lot of your typical average-ish cocktails made in downtown Orlando that aren't much cheaper (unless they are in 4 oz plastic cups!) The service is really, really good - educated and friendly - just give them a chance to get to you so they can spend the time with others, that you want them to spend with you. There's something to be said about your bartender tasting your drink 4 times while making it (the same way a great chef would continually taste the food being cooked). I'd probably say pass on the absinthe experience, and stick with the crew at the bar. Nice couches, music, and vibe. Peak times not for the claustrophobic though.
Definitely an enjoyable bar to visit while downtown, especially if you like real drinks. If you're looking for a more DC/NYC/SF vibe, this is the best I've found in the area. The interior is pretty cozy with some seating at the bar and around the perimeter, but it'll go quickly when the place gets crowded. There's also a couple tables outside. I really enjoyed that the music isn't loud and you can sit and talk with your party, though it does get louder once it's filled to the brim with people. The drinks are more "real" for lack of a better way to describe it. I'm a fan of whiskey, which is very well-represented on the menu here. I had a New York Sour (whiskey sour with red wine poured on top, it was a Malbec here), which was good but sweeter than I expected. It was fun to watch the bartender do her thing while making the drink, and it was even more fun to drink my drink. I also tried several other drinks including the Old-Fashioned, Repo Man, Ruby Red Basil and Corpse Reviver. I enjoyed everything, though one person in the group had the Red State and said he didn't enjoy it. I'm guessing it was a matter of personal taste. They also have a good representation of absinthe here. I would have loved to try some, but my bank account would have been disagreeable the next day. Still, it's worth a try if you've never had any, and no, it's not illegal in the US. You won't hallucinate though, the "Green Fairy" juice from the 1800s/1920s/whenever is still illegal here. The staff was great. The woman making my drink told me about the classes they do a couple times a month where you learn to make three different cocktails. I think she said that they're currently doing gin cocktails and will switch to something lighter and more summer-y soon for the Floridian season of death (or summer, depending on how you look at it). I'll echo the other Yelpers who are cooler than me and alraedy reviewed this establishment: Go check it out!
A little party never killed no body.... Jump back to the days of the speakeasies. They have specialized cocktails. Most of them were gin based. But some had vodka, rum or tequila. We sat at the "bird's nest table in the back" which was nice because we weren't surrounded by people who were waiting for drinks at the bar. There is one downside to this place that keeps from a 5 star. A lot of the drinks on the menu are labor intensive. Specifically, the swizzle drink. You'll be waiting awhile if the bartender is making those. The drinks look cool and taste great but it's a slow process. I want to end on a positive note, so make sure to check out the ice. It is perfectly cubed.
I've only ever been here on Sundays but this is tied with Hansons for my favorite bar in Orlando. Most extensive liquor selection I've seen, awesome seasonally-inspired drinks, homemade ingredients, delicious cocktails, and fun bartenders. Thanks Elyse!
I love this place. It has an old steampunk feel with a dash of apothecary mixed in. the cocktails are creative and reminiscent of the long forgotten speakeasy type drinks that you'd have to know the password to be invited in to get. It can get kind of nuts later in the evening, since these cocktails take a minute to create. It's worth the wait, be patient.
Orlando's best cocktail in an area that is surrounded by jager bombs and domestic beers. When I arrived at Orange Avenue, I wasn't expecting much, especially with it being Taco Tuesday, with hundreds of people crowding into a nearby bar for $2 margaritas and Coronas. I had to get out of there, fast. Enter, The Courtesy. It's a small bar, dark with lights around the edges, and a few corky couches around. The best seating in the house is the bar or window seats. A seat at the bar gets you a front-row experience with some fine cocktail bartenders that are crafting up some excellent drinks. They serve up four different kinds of absinthe, exactly as it should be with sugar cubes melted over top with a cold water drip & flame.  These mixologists know what they are doing (except for the random bartender that only poured beers and watched oddly as we asked about the cocktails adn specials). Sailor Mule- Spiced rum, lime, ginger syrup, ginger beer served in a tin mug. This was the best drink I have had at the Courtesy.The ginger gives it a nice punch, but it's still calm and wonderful. Slow Hum Fizz- ambler gin, hibiscus, and cardamom liquor, maraschino liquer and club sodas, lime. Ruby Red Basil- Standard vodka, St. Germain elderflower, grapefruit, basil El Dorado- Cachaco, velvet falernum, tamarind shrub, and lime
If you are looking for a classic bar- this is the quintessential place.  True bartending at its best, if you are looking for a beer joint or fru fru drinks, don't come here.  If you want a cocktail after work, entertain clients, or start the evening out right... This is the place.  Mixologist-inspired cocktail list - go with the tequila inspired drink, it's spicy and refreshing - they make their own chile flavored simple syrup for crying out loud!  A big array of Gins, Vodka, and especially whiskeys.  Oh and a few craft beers to boot.   It's a bar where you walk in and think of the Rat Pack, or a really cool Chicago old school cop bar.  Great place, do check it out, I know I will.
