I love going to this market every Monday! This is my outie to star my week. A must visit market!
This is a cute little market. Not a lot of vendors, but enough to showcase a little bit of everything from crafts to produce to desserts, etc. They do have entertainment for you to enjoy, but unfortunately I couldn't stay long enough to experience it. I'm not sure if its a go out of your way just to check it out, but if its more on your way to other places, its great to stop by and see whats around.
Very nice local vendors including baked goods, vegetables, farm goods (milk, eggs, etc), fresh honey and juices and more. The little food stand set up by stardust is also tasty and I enjoy the carrot dog with chili :D
I've been coming to the market for the past 4 years. I don't go very often though. Sometimes I'll have a streak of about 3 weeks, but then it could be 6 months before I go again. I really have no excuses though, except for being lazy. I mostly visit the vendors who sell fruits and veges, Wild Ocean for their fish, whoever is selling cheese and the bread lady. Try to get there early, because certain vendors will run out of food or certain items. I've even known of people who will pre-order items. You will also be introduced to new types of foods. Don't be afraid to try. For instance, I once bought an Octopus from Wild ocean. I've never cooked Octopus before, so found a recipe online. It was delicious! Another time was 2 Whole Black Sea Bass, equally delicious. And the Spanish Mackerel doesn't even need any seasoning when broiled. I've bought other fish, that I can't recall at the moment. For veges, I was reintroduced to beets, and I now have a new found love for them. Kale and collards...I don't know if I remember liking them before the market. And I didn't know there were edible flowers! Yes, a salad mix with edible flowers. This is probably one of the most local of the Farmers Markets too (not like the shenanigans at Winter Park's). I would beware of a lady who sells Poblano peppers though. I asked her if they were hot and she said no. When I got home, they burnt my tongue. I usually don't stay late enough to hear the live music, since I have to get home to cook my fish. When I do stay, it's because I ordered food there instead and picked up a beer from inside Stardust. Their ready cooked meal vendors tend to change, but you can usually choose from 2 or 3 for a dinner meal. Sometimes if I do pickup a fish, and eat at a vendor, the Wild Ocean people will keep it cold for me, or give me a bag of ice. Oh, and I really like the smoothie guy. You can choose from a variety of fresh fruits and veges, plus herb and other goodies to put in your smoothie Yum! It's every Monday at 6 PM, in case you didn't catch it in another review.
I LOVE this Farmer's Market.  It takes place on Mondays in the parking lot outside Stardust.  There's tons of local businesses and individuals selling their wares for awesome prices.  It's a great place to get local produce, meats, honey and cheese.  There's also some crafts and plants as well. There's usually a food truck or two as well as some live music.  With the lights strung outside Stardust, lovely music playing, and people milling about and socializing - I can't imagine a better way to spend a summer evening.
Great place to pick up local produce. Listen to live music. Eat yummie sweets. Meet new people. Drink kombucha. Buy honey and more.
1st time for everything is what I'm all about. Decided on the shrimp summer rolls- they were so fresh that I had to go back for 2nds!! Yayyy lunch tmro. There's quite an eclectic choice of vendors- and they're all so friendly and welcoming. I'll definitely be back :)
A farmers market in central Florida that actually sells food grown by Farmers!!  It's some kind of miracle.  They have a pretty small selection of produce vendors, which is the only reason I didn't go 5 stars.  Fresh caught local seafood, fresh baked bread, local farmer produce, homemade popsicle treats, and entertainment to boot.  Love this place. Ride your bike if you can, if you must drive park across Corrine at the school for just a short little walk without any of the congested parking hassle.
Bless this little weekly market right in front of Stardust Coffee. Every Monday from 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. local vendors come out to sell their goods to the community. It's a great way to support the community by recognizing small business vendors and the best way to introduce yourself to new products. The Audubon Park community market has the vendors laying out in each individual booth with an assortment of products.From gluten free granola bars, to homemade cookies, handmade dog scarfs, and all natural ingredient made salsa. Come out on a Monday night to admire what local vendors have to offer.Also don't forget to bring some cash although most of the vendors have the CC swipe app on their phone.
It's Monday night. In a parking lot outside of Stardust, a crowd has gathered. Booths line the edges of the lot selling jewelry, farm fresh eggs, plants, breads, and even the fortune written in the wrinkles of your palm hand. A musician strums his guitar on the make-shift stage while the audience looks on, enjoying their freshly made meals and the night air in the Audubon Park community, deep in the heart of Orlando. The Audubon Park neighborhood is home to Stardust Video and Coffee, Blue Bird Bake Shop, and a few other great shops on the corner of Corrine Drive and E Winter Park Rd just north of the Orlando Fashion Square Mall. Every Monday night from 6pm-10pm, Audubon Park Community Market is held in the parking lot of Stardust Coffee, where one can find "Ourlando community's source for the best selection of truly local food, from produce and other farm goods to prepared foods, grocery items and meals." At the Audubon Park Community Market, truly a "night market" in Orlando, you can find food that is locally grown, raised, caught or made right here in Florida emphasizing freshness and sustainable practices. Whether its cage free eggs sold through Chef Tony Adams and Big Wheel Provisions, or artisan bread from Olde Hearth Breads, to ocean caught fish from Wild Ocean Seafood (from the same people who brought us Dixie Crossroads), local is the key ingredient to all of these vendors. On this visit, I saw some old friends, like Mark Baratelli of TheDailyCity.com giving away pants of dispair from the Apathetics in exchange for signing up for his email list serv, and bought charmoula, a African marinade and dip, from Big Wheel Provisions (apparently one of the top 11 things you must eat in Orlando according to Orlando Weekly). I also bought some fresh home made gnocchi and black olive bread from Olde Hearth Bread Company. This weekly gathering of friends, local food, local art, live music and more takes place in the Stardust parking lot at 1842 E Winter Park Rd. Every Monday, from 6pm to 10pm, creating a place where people can come together.
There are so many things that make the City Beautiful much cooler than meets the eye. The Audubon Park Community Market is definitely one of those things.  Where else on a Monday night can you hang out in a parking lot (of one of the coolest hangouts around), listen to hand-picked local music, browse local hand-made items, and purchase local food? Not to mention the easy access to Stardust's nicely stocked bar and amazing beer selection.  Yum. I know that Orlandoans have their pick of the litter when it comes to markets... they are popping up on every corner (and Super Target parking lot!?) from Altamonte Springs to Winter Park.  The APCM is different (read: BETTER) because this is the only ALL LOCAL market in the city, directly supporting our local economy, small business, local agriculture, and local artists. When you spend your Monday night at the market, not only are you ON the clean-green-local-organic bandwagon, but you're standing at the helm with both hands on the wheel (wait, do bandwagons have helms? Anyhow...)  which is pretty awesome if you ask me. Come for your weekly groceries and stay for dinner, beers, and great music! The bands are hand-picked (by yours truly) and feature a wide range of acoustic Orlando greatness.  Another thing that sets the market apart is that  the local handmade section features different vendors on a rotating basis so there is something new to see every week. Monday night at the Audubon Park Community Market is more than just a grocery trip. It's an experience... and inexpensive, dependable, really cool, local event that happens every week and is worth the trip. Hey you can even ride your bike there and have the Rusted Chain Bike Collective tune it up for you while you shop. How cool is that? I'll be the one drinking beer by the band. See you Monday!
Monday Night Must Stop: Rain or shine, in the parking lot of Stardust Coffee from 6pm to 10pm. A ton of vendors providing truly local food, from produce and other farm goods to prepared foods, grocery items and meals. The market is a community of growers, ranchers, fishermen, chefs, artists, handicrafters, musicians and neighbors. Very cool live music as well. Just a great chance to mix and mingle with a ton of locals and enjoy your community. Big Wheel is always on deck serving up some yummo dishes so grab dinner and get your shop on. What's really cool? It's completely volunteer-operated!! Just shows the passion of everyone in the community. Parking is a bit sticky so just make sure you park on the street in a legal spot!
I love finding out about local food.  When we relocated to Orlando one of the first things I did was stop by the Monday evening Audubon Park Community Market.  It was the first time I had ever been to a night time market! The market is set up in the parking lot of the Stardust Video & Coffee on Winter Park Rd.  It's a nice size market with venders selling local seafood, veggies, cheese, plants, cupcakes, bath products, food, dog treats, jewelry and more.  The vendors can change, but they are pretty consistent week to week. There is musical entertainment each week, with some tables and chairs set up around the stage area.  You can grab a bite to eat and a drink (another first for me at a farmer's market!) sit back and enjoy the friendly atmosphere. This market is committed to local food.  It's a great place to get your groceries for the week.  You can pick up fresh goods and talk to the farmers or the merchants.  They all seemed eager to share their knowledge.
Charming weekly market located off of E Winter Park Dr, just off the intersection of Corrinne Dr, in the parking lot for Stardust. Big Wheel food truck has the truck and a provisions table with farm items as well as jarred and preserved BW delights. Bakery items from Red Wagon are available for sample and purchase. I'll be back for the amazing Chocolate bread, which will be perfect for a bread pudding. I picked up the Lemon Lavender scones, which had a great texture and taste, but you have to LOVE Lavender. Next time, I'm going orange cranberry for the hubby.   Picked up some local honey from St. John's River Honey Company, a family run local company who had great honey selections and lots of wonderful information. They also donate a proceed of their sales to various charities to help out the St. John's area where they live and harvest their product. Heart of Christmas farms had a nice selection of organic veggies and fresh cheese. I enjoyed dinner at OverRice, tasty food and friendly peeps. There were vendors for the new East End Market and Local Food week, and plant, seed, jewelry, soap and other odds and ends.  Music started up after an hour our so, which was nice.  Nice way to do your Monday night shopping or stop in for a bite on your way to grab a beer at Taps from Scratch or Redlight Redlight. Or both!
This market was amazing...to be honest I liked it better for food than the lake Eola farmers market that is normally on Sunday's. It's also very convenient that it is on a Monday night. The mango power bars and pecan ecstasy are amazing if you can find the woman selling them and I suggest cracking into your own coconut to enjoy some hydrating coconut water. Trust me, this place is worth a visit!
Don't have time to hit a farmers market on your precious weekends? Don't fear- this farmers market is always in full swing on Monday nights! From 6-10 pm in the Stardust parking lot, an assortment of vendors are selling their products. Parking- we parked on a side street, although next time we plan on biking it as we are about a mile away. Since the Stardust parking lot is where the market actually takes place, you will need to park on the side streets or across from Stardust in the grassy areas. Sadly, ABC puts up a sign stating no parking.  (Silly really- they could probably increase their business on Monday night by letting people park here) Vendors- Ok, here is everything we got last time: honey butter, baguette, strawberry cheese, eggs, cheddar cheese, ice cream, all natural peanut butter and truffles/cupcakes.   On our next visit, we plan on adding to our list (and coming with more cash) and getting fresh chicken breast and other miscellaneous meats. We also are desperate to eat from the food truck, which had a line the entire night. Vibe: Who knew Monday nights could be so fun? We met up with friends to have a drink, listen to the local musician, and shop.  What a great way to start the week! Bonus: You can dine/drink at Stardust and carry your drink around with you- sweet!!
Great neighborhood market with lots of fun, food, and fellowship.  Love the energy!
This is my go-to place for some serious local and organic food every Monday night.  The people who run it check out the vendors to make sure everything is what they say it is.  The same people are consistently there, so you can depend on making this a regular food stop.  Two of my favorites are Wild Ocean Seafood (shout out to Cinthia) and Bear-Wolf Ranch (hey, Jodi). Wild Ocean has the freshest seafood available in Central Florida with everything sourced out of Port Canaveral and the surrounding area.  The seafood is actually cheaper and better than what you can get in the stores. Also, you can get some species not available from anywhere else.  Bear-Wolf Ranch deals in free-range and organic feed poultry -- tasty birds.  They also sell rabbit which is becoming one of our favorites and is very reasonably priced.  There are also a number of organic vegetable, plant, specialty food and craft vendors. The market has a kind of a hippy throwback feel to it with live music and the regular Stardust clientele.  There is even a guy who will tell you a poem.  Craft beer is flowing and prepared food is always available. It is a nice stress-reliever for the end to your Monday.  The only thing that might be confusing is the parking, but they are good about telling you where you can park on their website and you get the drill after a couple of trips. Audubon Community Market may not be the biggest farmers market around, but the quality is there and it is genuine.  Check it out!
Tonight was my first time checking out this particular market.  It was raining, so I don't know what kind of traffic is normally there or how many vendors show up. I had a sandwich from Big Wheel and a couple of cupcakes from Bees Knees, neither disappointed.  The turkey meatloaf sandwich was very tasty.  To be honest, I wouldnt have known it was turkey meatloaf if I hadnt ordered it off of the menu myself. Big Wheel prides itself on locally sourcing their ingredients.  Big plus in my book! Bees Knees cupcakes are small, but they pack a ginormous punch of flavor!  These girls know their way around an oven.  I would describe the flavors as a bit non-traditional, but that is a great thing!  One of the delights was topped with rock salt, what a treat! I look forward to returning to this market again in the near future!
This is the real deal.  Every Monday evening at Stardust, come out to buy some legit local products which range from local meats and cheeses, seafood, produce, handmade soaps, and crafts made by your neighbors!    Want to support your local economy?  Start here.   Most farmers markets around town sell anything but local products, you may as well be going to Publix for your produce!  The vendors at this market are carefully chosen to bring you the best in local wares and crafts.  The Audubon Park market is a great means of fostering sustainability and building community.   Come on out!  There's music, too!  Great way to get rid of a case of the "Mondays".
Every Monday night in the parking lot at Stardust Video and Coffee, a wondrous little market happens!  Local people peddle local foods, art, clothes and plants.  Local live musicians play sets. Notable sellers are Wild Ocean Market which has the freshest in local seafood, Big Wheel Provisions which carries fresh local charcuterie, farm fresh eggs and chef prepared meals and The Bee's Knees Sweet Treats which has lovely bite- size cupcakes and cheesecakes.  Stardust also serves their delecacies throughout.  The market starts setting up around 6pm and lasts until 9 or 10.  The only downside to this splendid market is parking, but it is well worth driving around for a spot.
This is the absolute best market in greater Orlando. Wonderful vendors, fresh food and all within the parking lot of Stardust! Who could ask for anything better?
This cute little farmers market is really nice! It has an awesome atmosphere, right in front of the hippie stardust cafe. They have same great fish at wild ocean, awesome organic flan from heavenly flan, and adorable cupcakes from the bees knees cupcakes. I also heard big wheel is super tasty as well (both the food truck ad their provisions). Nice to check out, everyone is friendly. Only fault is that it's kinda small so not much to see and parking is a pain! (but because lots of people check out this awesome little market ;)
I love the Audobon Community  Market. There  are always nice people to meet, good food to eat or buy and a relaxed atmosphere. For Big Wheel Food truck fans, it is usually here on Mondays (rain or shine), unless the market does not open at all or they have a private event. Their variety is ever changing and always has something good. They are about 80% of the reason I end up there.  The Heart of Christmas Farms booth is great for getting local vegetables as well as diary products. The owner/farmer is usually on hand with one of his kids ( I for the life of me can't remember his name).  He is a great guy and will always say hello to you.  There are numerous vendors to pick up sweets from. There is one man that makes his own popsicles and they are yummy and I believe vegetarian/vegan. Now that summer is upon us you really need one of them to cool down, besides the fact that they are delicious. Besides those vendors there is fish to be bought, free range chicken, a little asian cuiseine, vintage clothes, organic peanut butter, plants, lotions, etc. No matter what there is an eclectic bit of vendors hold up in the parking lot of Stardust  Video and Coffee. It is a very good place to stop by and have a look. ******Oh, and many of the vendors do accept credit cards if you were wondering.
Loved this market. Having it at night makes shopping and eating dinner at the same time super convenient!  Easily parked on side street. Loved the bread for sale! We served it for Thanksgiving dinner and it was a big hit! Homemade soap and moisturizer is excellent. I have been using both daily. The seller across from the food truck in the front says she will have Holiday gift baskets, etc. starting tonight! We enjoyed lots of free samples, but ate from the food truck and the Vietnamese restaurant that has a table in the back. Definitely left full! No room for cupcakes, but we will try them next time! Cannot wait to go back!
