have an extreme love hate relationship with this mall. I'll start with the love: They have a huge selelction of stores that I love to shop in and when I decide to do some real shopping this mall is a one stop shop. The stores are all "normal", meaning not high-end, stores. Most of the stores that I shop in (f21, H&M, JC Pennys, Old Navy, Torrid, Cotton On, Macys, Charming Charlie, NY & Company, Charlotte Russe, Sears, Agaci) are normally well stocked and I am able to find everything that I need. I will say that the plus size section of Forever 21 is a hit or miss. They rearrange this store often, and every time I go I have to figure out where certain sections are. I have to set aside a whole day due to their being so many places that I like to visit while I'm there and everything being somewhat spread out...that's about it for the love Now for the hate:  The mall is extremely big! While this makes a good place to shop, I'm always exhausted when I leave, which adds to my dread in having to go there. The mall is also extremely crowded with Orlando natives as well as tourists, who walk entirely too close to you, bump into you without saying "excuse me" or "im sorry" and most have huge rolling suitcases which they will run you over with if you aren't careful. I personally can't stand rudeness, and although some of it may be cultural, it still drives me nuts! All in all, it's a great place to shop if you can withstand the crowds.
Of the two outlet malls this one is far less desired. While it's not that ugly, it seems like there isn't enough parking. There were cars parked all of the grassy areas. You can tell this happens often because there are well worn tire marks in the grass. The bathrooms were awful. Too small for the amount of people that go through, and the entire hallway that led to the bathroom smelled as if the bathrooms were vented into it.
I went here to pick up my new iphone and I have only two words: never again. Parking was awful - there were absolutely zero crosswalks to walk between the auxiliary parking and the main parking. The mall was crawling with the worst of the worst types of people you'd typically encounter at a mall. I would drive far out of my way to avoid ever coming back to this mall.
This mall is so Dark & Gloomy nothing like south Florida mall's that are more vibrant. This mall reminds me of being in Tijuana Mexico. 90 percent of the people here speak spanish you would think your in Mexico not the USA. However it does have a big selection of clothes and a decent size food court. But I prefer malls that are more upscale. This mall reminds me of a flash back to the 80's needs work. Most of the teens not buying anything just chillin..
Typical mall with all of the typical stores and people looking for deals.  I prefer a little more upscale mall, but this was decent.  It was well lit and the people seemed friendly. I did not enjoy all of the free standing kiosks in between stores.  There were an unusual amount of them, and the salespeople were very pushy and always in your face to get you to try their product or look at what they were selling.  I felt a little anxious with that, and for that reason, I would not return here.
This is nice mall and they have tons of great shops. What I do not like about it is the traffic trying to even get in the parking lot. It can be very brutal at times. The thought of it generally puts me off of coming here.
1980 called and wants their mall back. This mall is old and tired and certainly needs a facelift. I am guessing by the stores in this mall that the clientele is very regular. Most of the stores were very typical mall stores and their merchandising and assortments reflected very basic outdated looking style. We walked through the JCPenney, and I felt like a little kid shopping with my mom 40 years ago. I guess this mall serves a purpose, but it's not really my style.
Just one word -DISGUSTING!I don't know where to start... it's so funny how this mall" management" is trying to give this place the air of "an upscale shopping center" before even looking what it is going on around.This mall is located in the worst area in Orlando,so be prepared to see the creepiest people on earth.It is very dangerous ,especially for girls,I was harassed once by a drunk man and when i called the mall security someone showed up only after 20 minutes and guess what : the security officer didn't speak two words in English.I will never go there again,especially after my friend  was robbed at gun point in the middle of parking lot. I prefer   Millenia Mall,  I am always  having  an enjoyable  shopping experience,I am walking around  normal decent people and I don't get to see all this nasty jungle human beans frOM Florida Mall.
Always busy and parking is a pain, but they have a Sushi restaurant in the middle of the mall that has conveyor belt sushi.  Also, a great selection of stores.
Lots of shops and bargains here and if you get hungry a big food court. Shop around and compare prices. If intl visitors get 10% off. I like the maces here and also sears
This mall generally isn't as clean as other ones, but I understand why--the volume of tourists is painful. The employees of the mall are usually nice, but there are just SO MANY annoying tourists. By that, I mean--not even the nice tourists who are happy to be in Orlando, the rude ones, who get in your way on purpose and make your life miserable as a local just because they can. Visit on a weekday, and you will experience less of this craziness.
The Florida mall is a good place to find just about anything that your heart may desire. Parking is a bit difficult at times and you might have to park a long way out but you can usually find a spot. It is a very popular tourist destination in the Orlando area so it does get quite crowded. They have put more places to sit and take a load off the gives you an opportunity to recharge yourself along with a charging station for your phone. The mall also has a hotel attached with a bar in it along with TV's with sports playing on.  As my wife shops, it's my new favorite hangout and she can shop as long as she wants to.
My big mistake was to come to Florida Mall Apple Store in the early morning of 10/03/2014 trying to buy iPhone 6+ I realized that 90% of people waiting in line were tourists from other countries. There was one security guard who wanted to demonstrate his authority making everyone stand in line the way he wanted. I understand they are there for the order, but he was obviously overdoing his job. He acted like he is the highest authority there allowing himself to be very rude to customers, telling us to stand right by the wall but we should not touch the wall. The line was pretty organized without him telling what to do. You can't treat people like prisoners, especially if these people didn't do anything wrong. I suspect he worked in jail before this job. What an ugly example of lack of hospitality! That is unacceptable! I was not there to steal iPhone 6, I came to buy Apple's product. When I said that we should not be treated that way he suggested me to stay in line and be quiet or to leave. I could not believe that. I reported that issue to Apple Store representative and to the head of security. Not sure what they are going to do about it, but I would suggest more training on how to be professional while being friendly to customers.
The Florida Mall is nice. It's very crowded. It's a big selection of stores. If you don't have a car the bus system works very good there.
This mall is HUGE.  Huge, I tell ya!  You can find just about any store you can think of in this mall.  You'll also find many, many more stores you can't think of.  Want to see a list of all the stores?  Here ya go:  simon.com/mall/the-flori… Why only 3 stars?  Good reasons: - This mall is never not crowded.  It's slammed with tourists.  It's can be difficult to walk around without bumping into other people.  You can almost bet that someone will bump into you anyway.  Will they apologize?  Most likely not!  Most locals try to avoid this mall as much as possible...  I know I sure did! - Because the mall is so huge, it's really hard to walk the entire thing.  There may be one or two stores you want to visit on one of of the mall and one or two more stores at the other end of the mall.  If that's the case, you're in for a real hike and then you have to hike again to get back b/c that's probably where you parked.  I find it easier to go back to my car and drive to the other side of the mall and park again. - Parking.  OMGosh!  Parking is a pain in the arse!  There are times you may drive around for 10 minutes just to find a parking spot and it won't even be a good one.  Prepare yourself for another hike! - The Kiosks.  I have never in my life seen so many kiosks set up in the center aisles of a mall.  They are everywhere and the people who run these kiosks are like vultures.  They will do everything in their power to get your attention other than pounce on you.  Although, I have been frightened I was going to be pounced on before.  This is why I generally walk this mall with my headphones on....  it makes it easier to ignore them if you can't hear them.  Tip:  Keep your eyes forward... ignore, ignore, ignore! - When I come to this particular mall, I have a purpose.  I know what stores i want to hit and I make a game plan.  I get in.... I get out.  This is not a mall I just walk around in and do window shopping for the fun of it.  No, no, hell no!   Have fun with this one.....  you have been warned!  LOL
Florida mall is HUGE! Located near the airport, this place can get pretty packed.  Parking especially can be a roller coaster within itself, and even with the over flow parking spaces available even those get filled quick. Good luck! This mall pretty much as a little bit of everything. Pretty sure whatever you need you'll find it in here. If not, well it's fun to people watch.. Haha.. They have lots of options for fast food and dine in restaurants around the mall. The food court gets crazy and finding a table can be tricky. Plus it's fun just walking around and tasting the free samples, let's be honest who wouldn't?! If you're not a fan of big crowds this may not be your go to mall, but it's not crazy every day. Just gotta push through it. Enjoy shopping and hope you don't go over your spending limit ;)
The mall has all the right stores but the parking and traffic planning needs some work.  There are a lot of dated and empty commercial real estate in the area which cheapens the mall -- something that wasn't the case when I was growing up (approximately 10-15 years ago) -- times have changed!  Still a good place for stores like VS, Apple, and A&F.
Very nice Simons mall, love this during my vacation of Orlando trip, nice and busy food court. -HP
Typical mall..nothing special, really. But it is a big mall. Lots of options for shopping and eating.
I like the mall. There are a lot of stores and it seems alright. There are two reasons why I do not like it though. The food court has toooo many asian places. There are like 5 of them that have similar food, and there is also a BBQ place thats fronted as american but has the same kind of "bourbon" chicken. So basically I feel there is not enough food choices (even though I love asian food), and the second thing is that there is no candy store. :)
It is very rare to find a mall that will cater to plus sized women. TRENDY plus sized women, I should say. I love this mall! Its only my second time coming here but they have everything you can think of. And lots of sales! Wet Seal is one of my favorites, friendly staff!
Check-In via Yelp to get a FREE Coupon book!! This Mall has something for everyone from Designer clothes to perfect gifts for special occasions. There have some nice restaurants inside, a salon, suit stores for men, & other things all in one. The coupon book does have some great offers to use. Prices seem reasonable, the entire mall is well kept, clean, & seems to have that safe feeling in my opinion. There is even a hotel attached to the mall. For your first time here, you may spend like 5 hours just wondering through the different stores. I have been coming here for years and have never experienced a problem with the mall or it's stores within. If you are a tourist, visiting, or looking for a new cool place to shop, then this is the mall for you. Enjoy!
The Florida mall is nice. Lots of great stores, a nice enough food court, the parking situation isn't a complete disaster, and overall it's very clean and tidy. Out of most malls in Florida, I would say this one is one of my top favorites.
This mall is so stressful! It's hard to believe that a mall could have a higher decibel than Millenia but this one does. Between the music and the hordes of people you can't hear yourself think, let alone have a leisurely shopping stroll through the mall. People pack this mall like sardines, even weekdays because they're mostly tourists so it's a struggle to get to a store and just browse. You should only come here when you're on a mission for something specific, but even then it's hard. They kiosk people are relentless too so it's like a game dodging around them and saying "no thank you" a million times- I can't just ignore people. When it's all said and done, I avoid this mall if I can. It's not worth the hassle.
I really enjoyed this mall, it's huge and offers something for everyone! Has a LUSH store and a Michael Kors Store which were the two I was looking for. Parking is a bit tough because they are working on part of the parking lot, but if you don't mind walking a bit. You will be fine ;)
I came here for a break from all the theme parks and crowds but this mall is just as crowded! I spent half an hour finding a table for my family in the food court and saw a lot of people roughing it on the ground. Aside from the crowds, there is a pretty good amount of stores to browse in and the overall layout and construction of the area is excellent. Better than the malls we have back home anyways!
When I was a teenager I use to looooooooove being able to go to Florida Mall. Its big and I could spend hours browsing here. As I get older, its slowly not my cup of tea, but I'll drink it. This mall could easily be the biggest mall in the Orlando area that can easily accommodate the large crowd. I think that's also one of the reason why its so dang busy all the time. All the tour groups are here. Warning!!!: in the summer season the tour group take over! The price point the mall hits is really far and wide. There's a store for every one. Things starting from 10 dollars from various kiosks to luxury items in department store such as Nordstrom and Saks. This is one of the those malls where you can find a guy asking if you want your watch cleaned, eh not for me. I hope you're happy to hear that they have a Nordstrom here and theres a cafe I believe on the second floor, which I'm still waiting to try. So in total, 3 stars is for the variety of stores the mall offers but the missing stars is for the crowds and kiosk could get a little annoying.
This was out final stop for Orlando. I found this mall to have a great variety of stores. First off, this place is HUGE. Make sure you wear comfy shoes as you will most likely walk about a trillion steps. The food court is awesome!! They have something for everyone. The A&W has diet root beer which I absolutely love! The prices seemed high, which is strange being I live in Vegas. Many of the chain stores (like Guess) had Spring season clothing marked double the price of Vegas for the same items. Beware of this! I saw one dress that I looked at for $32 in Vegas for 69.99 at this location. BOO! The mall itself seemed clean. Although, the bathrooms lacked soap... EEWW! Overall, I would go back to this mall to kill some time in Orlando... But I only bought one item during my two hour adventure.
Like Hell, but with shopping. Really, why do these places even exist? Who on Earth actually desires to shuffle around like meat cattle in a giant building whose only purpose is to separate you from your money? The same could be said about Disney. You get to walk away with some crap for way more than it's worth. Just like Disney. You hear screaming children ushered by miserable moms the whole time. Just like Disney. You eat food that's bad for you. Just like Disney. You park half a mile from the thing you actually want to patronize. Just like Disney. You get lost a lot. Just like Disney. Yep. Just like Hell, just like Disney... the Florida Mall is lacking in just one thing, and that is "magick."
This is my go to mall whenever I need an outfit/dress for any occasion. Basically I hit up FL mall, Premium Outlets on Int'l, then Mall at Millenia in that order since they're all within 7 miles of one another. Basically if you're a girl you would hit up these following stores: A'Gaci, GARAGE, Forever 21, Francesca, Sirens, Body Central, Wet Seal, and many more. If you don't want food court food I would suggest go to Nordstrom's and eating at their gourmet bistro upstairs. Try their bread pudding! It's a lot more peaceful and quiet than the bustling food court where you have to literally hunt and wait for a table. My only complaint about the mall is the lack of security. I was leaving through the food court entrance on a Tuesday afternoon at 4 PM- broad daylight- lots of families walking around in the parking lot. I literally parked right in front of the food court and I hear a car following me from behind. I thought it was just a car following me for my parking spot. Instead, it was white, chunky, older male, who had his driver's side window rolled down with his genitals exposed masturbating while he drove up and past me. I went into my car and pulled out up toward the food court entrance to alert the security guard of what I saw and pointed to the vehicle. He asked if I was was under 18 and I said no and he told me to stay put while he dispatched for the on site officer. Ultimately, they did not take any official statement, name, or phone number from me or arrest anyone. I kind of got the impression that the officer didn't believe my statements. I returned two days later to pick up an order from Things Remembered and asked a security guard passing by me about the case. He asked if I was the girl that reported the incident by the Nordstrom incident with another female on Tuesday. I told him I was not and that must've been another victim. He said that when approached the guy he ran off. I recanted my story to a co-worker and he told me that the same incident happened to his pregnant cousin as she was leaving the mall at night a few months prior. Basically no one was caught and there are probably other victims out there. Ironically enough, when I pulled out of FL mall I was cited for a speeding ticket that same day. Needless to say I pretty irked. It's a great mall to shop at. Just be careful and aware of your surroundings. This happened to me in broad daylight when I parked right in front of the food court.
Okay this mall for me is a hate love relationship! I love this mall because it has a lot of everything and even has some great restaurants like Bucca, ruby Tuesday , California pizza kitchen, and the sushi place so there are a lot of great places to fine, and this mall is huge and has a lot to offer like lush Godiva and the only Disney store I know in the malls around the area. I hate this mall though because it is one that becomes crowded with the foreign tourists like anywhere else focus on themselves and shove people around and just bombard any personal space you may have. Last time my hubby and I were here a woman almost knocked me over from behind with the damn car strollers you can rent when we were in the first trimester of my pregnancy and didn't even say sorry but told me to move! I just wish it were a little more quiet but sadly it's a tourist trap as much as the parks!
I very much prefer the millenia mall. It's so crowded with tourists here. It's just groups of people walking around with actual suitcases to fill with the things they buy. I don't care for the food court either. They hand out samples of twenty different types of orange chicken, all yuck. The stores are whatever. The only redeeming part is Nordstrom and Saks.
While this mall gets really crowded with tourists, if you go when they first open, you can beat the afternoon and after chaos. There are always sales going on and they have a ton of stores to suit your needs. It's also in a good location, where you don't have to deal with a lot of traffic.
I personally dislike huge shopping malls. They are chaotic and crowded. But I actually prefer this mall before the outlet malls that all my Swedish friends are craving for. Why go to a outlet to buy last year's outfits when you can go to this place and buy this years outfit at decent prices? The Florida mall is HUGE. You can easily get lost. It is spread over several different buildings not just in one area.
I've always liked The Florida Mall, even after having fallen and bruising my tailbone there almost 3 years ago.  This mall has a ton of stores to choose from and a huge food court.  There's even a Bucca di Beppo and a hotel in the actual mall.  Not something you see in most malls. The Hot Topic here is bigger than most of the other locations and has a much bigger selection to choose from.  There are tons of kiosks around the mall that sell all kinds of things, usually As Seen on TV items.  Most of these kiosks have annoying, pushy salespeople who can't take "NO" for an answer.  I try to ignore them, if I can.  Some of them get in your face and try to stalk you.  Yeah, nothing creepy about that. There are tons of tourists here, mostly from the UK.  This isn't your average, everyday mall. It's got many upscale stores, such as Nordstrom and Saks Fifth Avenue, but, Saks is going to be closing sometime soon.  In the next month or so, I believe.  I've never shopped there, because their prices are totally outrageous, so, it's no loss to me. Be prepared to have people stop right in front of you, trip you, take your breath away with ridiculous amounts of perfume and run over your feet with strollers. I've never gone here on Black Friday, but, I'm considering it this year, because I'm gonna be getting a tattoo, and there's a tattoo studio right in the mall.  How convenient. I'm not sure why I gave this mall 4 stars, what with all my complaining about crowds and pushy salespeople.  I guess it must be the amount of stores it has. Give them a try, but, heed my advice and go at your own risk.
Huge mall, good stores, kind of outdated, decent food court, but avoid this place on the weekends, what a freaking nightmare!!! I felt like I was in a moshpit.
More than one store all bunched together under one roof? Sweeeeeeeeeet. Came to a store here to exchange a pair of flats I had purchased online but couldn't exchange in NY because none of the Croc stores had the particular flat I wanted in size 5 (I SWEAR THEY'RE CUTE!! NOT CLOGS!! But cute peep-toed, comfy as hell, flats!). The Croc store here was friendly and held them for me as promised when I called from NYC. Other than that this is your regular, standard mall. Nicely laid out and with plenty of natural light coming from the ceiling windows which look like a dome structure on the roof. Good if you want to visit a bunch of random mall stores clustered up and also good if you're looking for something in particular. A-OK ~ 3 Yelp stars.
The stores, there a plenty of them.....the established kinds of store you expect to see at your typical mall.  The tourists......there are ten times as many.  I'd rather stick a spork in my eye then ever walk through the fustercluck ever again.  If you like people stepping on your heels, bumping in to you, and stopping dead in their tracks right in front of you in the walkway then this cesspool is for you.   I have no problem with commuting in Manhattan at rush hour.  This is much worse, I assure you. There's this not-so-new thing called online shopping.  Fix your self a martini, put your feet up, and shop without the throngs who are somehow amused by wasting their vacations at malls buying crap they could buy in their hometown.
This really is a huge mall, and they have some great options here, but essentially for every good thing, there is an equally bad thing here.  I figured for this, it would be easiest just to make a quick list. Pros: Huge selection of stores Some of the largest versions of Department Stores (Dillards for example) Many other options to shop within a short distance One of the few malls left with a legitimate Disney store Some unique food/drink options, like conveyor belt sushi, and a two story Starbucks They have a Microsoft Store Cons: Tourist central, and always crowded Parking is horrendous at all times of the day The food court is severely lacking for such a huge mall, there isn't even a Chick-Fil A in here Crazy traffic around the area (again much due to tourists) They removed Williams-Sonoma, and the separation of some stores (like Victoria's Secret, which separates clothing from perfume) is odd.
The story you are about to read is true. This is the mega-mall, Orlando, Florida. My name is Skacey, I carry a full bladder. 11:54 am. I've ventured into the Florida Mall again to browse and pick up a quick lunch. This mall is unique in a few different ways. First off, there is a Hotel embedded in part of the mall. Second, there are exactly two sets of bathrooms serving the entire mall. Oh sure, you'll see signs leading you to the bathrooms...but much like the Bermashave signs along the highways of the 50's, they continue to lead you on and on until you arrive...at the food court. Ok, so quick review of the bathrooms. The set in the food court are buried in the back corner, so while you waddle-walk trying not to trickle, you must dodge bourbon-chicken samplers, Cinibon wielding four year olds with sticky fingers, and strollers...lots of strollers. All you need is background music ("It's a small world" comes to mind) Once you arrive, be prepared for more kids, diaper changing moms and dads, toddlers yelling "I'm finished" while wandering out of the stall with their pants on the ground. Tweener's shuffling in with their pants on the ground, and that strange old guy at the urinal with...you guessed it...pants on the ground. For the second set of bathrooms, you must make your way to the Hotel. There are no signs for these bathrooms, and the staff can make you feel about as welcome as a tramp stamp showing in church. Ignore them and you can find the two tiny bathrooms on the left. Fairly clean, usually empty, but still a ridiculous walk from most of the mall. Pass on the 64 ounce soft drink please...
For those who wish to immerse themselves in another culture by vacationing outside of the United States, you can save a lot of money by visiting the Florida Mall. When I go to this mall, I choose to speak in a secret code so that no one will understand me.  I call this code "English."   I  brought my  in-laws here, who were visiting from Guatemala.  They subsequently ran into some of their fellow Guatemalan friends, you see what I'm saying? The mall is extremely crowded and touristy, and loaded with R/C helicopters, which I bought.
Love the selection of stores here. This is the closest mall to Orlando airport.  I had some time to kill before my flight and what better way to spend it, then at the mall.  Unfortunately, I returned my rental car at this point. If taking a cab expect a 10-15 minute drive with a $25 cab ride each way. It is pretty spread out, so expect to do lots of walking. Love the tax rate in Florida!  The F21 and H&M are huge here and they have a good selection of stores that they do not have in California. If you have the time, its worth going too.
No. Like watching  When Animals Attack but with credit cards and cell phones.
Eh. Being from the North, I am spoiled with amazing malls.  In Orlando, it is pretty rare to find a great mall and well...Florida Mall aint it! It's ok, good for some regular shopping but the crowds can be frustrating.  TONS of tourists.   Pretty good food court but check out the restaurants first.  Parking tip: park at a department store!   DO NOT attempt on Sat/Sunday unless you have at least 5 hours to kill.
This mall is very big. It has a great food court with plenty of choices. There is also a Buca de Bepo in the mall if you want better than food court fare. The mall is like one giant maze. It is a bit difficult to get your bearings one time through. There are all the standard mall stores plus Disney and M&M stores. You can easily spend a day roaming around. I found the air conditioning a bit weak but it is probably from all the skylights letting the Florida sun-heat in. Some areas of the mall were warmer than others. Parking wasn't a problem anywhere around the mall. It is in the middle of a not-so-great area of Orlando, but worth the trip if you want a place to hang out.
Visiting this mall is like visiting a third-world country on a cruise itinerary: people begging you to stop and check out their wares. Avoid eye contact with the vendors running kiosks throughout the mall. If you catch their gaze, you will be dragged into for a demonstration. If they do meet your gaze, I've found the following to be effective: Shout "I'm a local, dammit!" then run in the opposite direction. It is relentlessly crowded all the time. After spending thirty minutes trying to find a parking space, you can expect that inside you will march along shoulder-to-shoulder with people of various shapes, sizes, and odors. Mooooo. Florida Mall is what it is: a mall avoided by Orlando locals and frequented by tourists.
Florida gives me a headache so it's no surprise that this mall gave me a headache either.  The parking lot was horrible.  Doesn't matter what section you were in, it was awful and people don't know how to drive.  I'm sure I say that often (because clearly, I am a great driver and most everyone else is awful), but people really don't know how to drive.  I'm sure there are a lot of tourists that are lost, just trying to find their way, but any place with an awful parking lot already puts me in a sour mood. I will give credit where credit is due...they have a lot of shops.  If you enjoy shopping, I'm sure that's a plus.  I don't enjoy shopping though.  I came here because I was bored and I figured I would take advantage of the one thing Florida is good for: crap is cheap.  However, with it clearly being a tourist spot, a lot of stores were overpriced.  Not worth taking up suitcase space for, in my opinion.   To be fair, I'm not a mall person to begin with (or a fan of Florida), but this place made me loathe shopping even more than I already do.
I have a love hate relationship with the Florida Mall which is why I only gave it three stars despite the fact that I do enjoy shopping there...sometimes. This mall is filled with some pretty awesome stores such as the Apple store, Tevana, Bebe, and Delia's. Plus, there are a ton of stores to peruse through making this mall a great one-stop-shop kind of place, especially have more than one person or occasion to buy for. However...this mall is a big tourist trap/attraction. Most days throughout the year, especially weekends and holidays, the mall is crammed with people making it impossible to find a good parking space and even more difficult to maneuver through the walkways and shops. And if you decided this is where you want to shop for the upcoming holidays...DON'T DO IT. This place is ten times worse from after Thanksgiving until New Year's day. Their huge parking is often full...meaning no spots, despite it's massive size. Plus, the people are rude...customers and store attendants alike. Overall, while I do like this mall, I usually try to avoid going there unless I absolutely have to.
Pretty average mall. Very random selection of shops and anchor stores. Absolutely every price range here (Saks Fifth Avenue, JCPenney and Macys all rolled into one?) The layout is awful and hard to navigate. Lots of small crowded corridors going in all directions. Would be much more functional to have wider corridors. Food court is cramped too. Washrooms are hard to locate. Parking, as mentioned, is a bit of a piss take. Your best bet is just driving to the very end of the lot, grabbing a spot and walking.
I came here today with the family as a part of our shopping journey. The mall is so gigantic, it's hard to believe there are larger malls out there. I was looking around for a MetroPCS dealer for my phone, but instead found like eleven T-Mobile stands, they must have really good business to have that many establishments there. There seems to be plenty of variety in stores, and I saw many different kinds of people (probably attributed to tourists as well) in the mall and the mall seemed to cater to all. I saw a bunch of cool stores and some stores that I didn't expect to find there like a Japan HQ that had a human sized Gundam inside, and the food options of the food court seem to be very large. While wondering the mall I even ran into CVS, it's been a long time since I saw a drug store inside a mall, that kinda freaked me out. Anyway, it's a cool mall and I'd certainly go again while visiting.
The largest mall with the biggest selection, for variety you can't beat the Florida mall. It can easily take you an entire day to work your end from one end to the other. Close to I-drive and Disney there are a lot of out of towners too. It can get pretty crowded with people going every which direction and my favorite, people coming to a sudden unexpected stop right in front of you so you pretty much run right up their butts (even better if there is a big group or they have strollers). The food court is rather small and fills up fast. I like going to one of the restaurants/cafes away from the court like California Pizza Kitchen. You have to pack your patience when you visit this mall. The people driving around the parking lot are often lost, not paying attention and driving horribly. OBT and Sand Lake are big headaches and it can be tough to find a parking spot that isn't 1/2 a mile away. It is best is to try and go on an off hour like late morning on a weekday.
The only time I go to the Florida mall is if I wanted to eat @ Nordstrom's Cafe or Ruby Tuesday's. This mall is too damn crowded that if I was to shop - Macy's is my only spot. Because they have lots of selections compared to Millenia and Fashion Square. It's a huge one story level mall. TONS of stores! It's a decent mall -- But Millenia is my tops.
This place is just nuts, filled with tourists and an occasional basketball player.  Great for our economy, not great if you want to keep your sanity! Went there on a Saturday had people behind me walking on the back of my shoes! We didn't have a reason to come here, just ended up here. They do have a great variety of stores in this mall and a huge food court with plenty of people giving out samples. You wouldn't go hungry lol! If you are looking to come here, do so during the week if you can. When I check in there is an offer for a Waterford Lakes coupon book, couldn't find the mall office so I figured it was just wrong.
Pro Tip: Only venture into this mall if you have on walking shoes, are carrying a strong caffeinated beverage, have taken anti-anxiety medication, and many hours to kill looking for parking and walking behind hordes of people who walk slow and 4-folks wide. If you meet the above requirements, then you're cleared to go to the Florida Mall and enjoy their Sephora, H&M, Zara, giant Forever 21, and possibly the M&M store (good for a second-wind sugar rush, just sayin'). Bonus tip: Never buy anything as you journey deeper. Instead, circle around and make purchases on your way back out. Otherwise you're carrying a lot of bags in a crowded space and it ain't fun.
I love me some Florida Mall. I am usually not a big fan of malls simply for the fact that everything is so expensive i can only window shop. But Florida Mall actually has a few stores that i can shop at as well. Never really cared much for their food court, although walking by Cold Stone Creamery and not getting a shake is impossible. Lush is my fav store in there. Bath, soap, facial and beyond products, all hand made by the employees, divine.... Also, if you check in on YELP you get a free coupon book that saved me a bundle of money, $2 off here....$5 off there...adds up. i like.... Florida Mall is also my closest Apple store to take care of my iBaby.
Before there was Mall of Millenia there was The Florida Mall.  It's more of a drive for us downtowners, but it was still impressive to me and I would definitely go back if I was in the area. First, I was surprised at the size and square footage.  I didn't realize it was as large as it was.  So as I was meandering through the stores and walkways I couldn't believe it kept going.  Which in and of itself is a good thing for those of us who only go to malls for really large shopping trips.  But if you just needed to stop at one store, the walk might be a nuisance.   The décor and design was nice in a very common way.  Nothing about the colors or style stood out.  And because almost every mall does, they had a large fountain in the middle.  Around the fountain though, and in other places throughout the mall, there were flat screen TVs for passerbys to watch. As far was what this mall had that others might not, I will start with the CVS located inside.  It's been a long time since I've seen a drugstore within the confines of a mall.  So if you were traveling from a distant land, and needed some last minute toiletries, I think it's a great addition to the Mall's Directory.  I was also happy to see an International Currency Exchange desk for the many foreigners that traverse through there each day--I happened to overhear quite a few while I was there.    In the food department, along with their food court, they have a California Pizza Kitchen and a Buca di Beppo for all those desiring a sit down meal.  They also have a 2-story Starbucks which was a first for me and of course, the staple Auntie Anne's pretzel counter.   Another notable store that you don't always see, was Frederick's of Hollywood; risqué but enticing for some.   I am not a mall maven, but I will say that I enjoyed my time here and hope that others do too if they are in the mood to window shop and sift through clothing racks.
The Florida Mall isn't the worst mall I've ever been to, but it's certainly not the best. First of all, the parking is TERRIBLE! Seriously, it takes FOREVER to find a spot! Second, what's up with all the tourists that have those rolling suitcases? Those are so annoying! Not to mention they take up twice as much room and it's so frustrating to walk behind them. The food court is pretty decent and there is a Starbucks which is always nice. The seating is pretty limited though. I avoid it if I can, but usually I come here for convenience.
Interesting mall. Hard to peg. Loud. International crowd. Boisterous.... Schizophrenic. Its like they can't decide whether to be a high end shopping destination (Saks, Nordstroms, etc) or a flea market. The anchors say 'high end product' but center aisles of the mall spaces are consumed with little kiosks selling all manner of cheap crap that creates that confusing atmosphere. The kiosk vendor types seem to assault all manner of passerby with a sales pitch in Spanish - assuming everyone shopping there speaks same. They are aggressive, annoying and ubiquitous.EDIT TO ADD: After some thought, I realized I hated the kiosk barkers so much I dropped this joint from 2 to 1 star. I can say I have never hated a mall space as much as I hate this one. The food court is noisy, overtly so. It needs fabrics or some other sound attenuation. Too many signs, too many flat panel TVs, too little respite from the crowds. Too many truly bad food choices. Fry, fry, fry. In fact, this mall lacks any decent restaurant choices beyond a Calif Pizza & a Buco di Beppo. Disappointing, given that there is a hotel attached to the thing. I guess if you are a hyperactive teen with Jersey Shore hairdo (The Pauly D product poof was common) or a thug wannabe with saggy jeans, the ADHD nature of the common areas would be your natural environment. The majors are calm, inviting, well appointed and merchandised - but the mall corridors? Not a place I'd visit again without very good reason.
The place is CRAZY!!! It is a mall, but a mall of a different type. We have fun walking and what not.
I always dread when I have to go to the Florida Mall, it's like having to deal with Black Friday every visit. I soon realized the only way I was going to keep my sanity was to take that awful jaunt down OBT early and get to the mall when it opens. I come here for Nordstrom's, and Charming Charlie. All the other places I'm interested in shopping at I stop by Millenia instead. I have not lived here long enough to understand why this mall is in such a horrible location?  The lack of signage stinks. My husband and I ended up at Gatorland one time because we missed the turn. Granted we were caught up in conversation, but seriously put in a decent sized sign, so we can get a heads up. You can't see the freaking mall from the road. I already dread the drive just to get to the mall.  When I get there I want to get in and out of my shops. Heaven forbid if I want to wander over to H & M. I'll get harassed a handful of times; no I don't want my hair fuckin' straightened. Yes, most women enjoy shopping, but I'm not a fan. It's a good day when I can get in and out of the Florida Mall by 11:00 am.
It's like Disney world for mothers while kids are at school :) Great shopping! These are my hotspots: Ross, TJ Maxx, Ulta, Bath&BodyWorks, BedBath&Beyond, Old Navy, AE, Sketchers, Tillys, Super Target... Where else could you shop till you drop (literally) and stop in Amigos mexican restaurant for a margarita break?!
This is a hard one...  "To go or not to go" is always the question that I'll ask my self 5 times before getting into the car and then once I am on my way I try to think of other places that have the same things.  As a 'female addicted to retail' it's just sometimes the most convenient place to go.  I'm sure you can get most things in the mall elsewhere but it's all in one not-so-conveniently laid out place. I find Millennia Mall WAAAAAY nicer and well organized, and wish that FL Mall would organize their "brands" together.  It's got the size of Tyson Corner (up north) and South Coast Plaza (SoCal) but is no where as well organized and nice.  Maybe they just have to get rid of some of the junky stalls in the middle of the hallways... Dunno, I wish the place didn't make me cringe every time I want to get something from a store only found (with thin reasonable driving distance) at the Florida Mall.  I DARE NOT go to the FL Mall just to window shop!
This mall is huge!  There are tons of shops here - you'll find a wide variety of pretty much everything!  Even an M&M store, which was pretty cool. However, it's kind of confusing to get around in here - lots of twists and turns and everything looks the same, so you'll like find yourself lost at least once on your first visit.  It's also suuuuper crowded.  Parking also seemed pretty jam packed, so just be prepared to park far away and walk.   Overall, this mall was perfectly fine.  Worked great for our touristy day of shopping, but definitely isn't the best mall around.
Being in a tourist town, it's obvious that everyone and their mothers' will go to The Florida Mall - and they do, all of them, with their horrible parking, too. Pros: Lots of stores, interesting choices. Big food court with awesome smelling delights. Cons: Parking is terrible. The bathrooms are small and outdated. They have doubles of a few stores in there (saw two GameStops at one point) which had me very confused. The interior needs some major re-hauling. Couldn't find a directory for a while (walked for about 10 minutes.) All in all, it's the same ol' mall feel with a more diverse crowd of guests.
Fantastic Florida Mall! I have to say, that the number one and two reasons I love the Florida Mall is the M&M's World (love me some chocolate) and Adrenalina (Bring your baithing suit!) But taken as a whole, Florida Mall has a petty solid assortment of both mall staples and unique shops to keep it woth your while. Plus it's connected to the Florida Hotel which makes it ideal for visitors. The Good: Plenty of shops: From awesome places like Adrenalina to little known places like Polka Dotz, the Florida Mall really has something for everyone Large and in charge: The Florida Mall is quite big (although I daresay Millenia is bigger at this point) but there is plenty to see and do, and the food court is 2 stories! yay! The Bad: Hotel Service: because the Florida Mall is directly connected to a Hotel, you will see a lot of hotel guests milling aorund. I haven't seen bunny slippers yet, but you can always tell. Plus it's never fun dealing with a large concentration of out-of-towners. Florida Mall is a fun spot to go and shop, and it's big enough that there's plenty of spots to hang out as well. Its OBT location is also very convenient to downtown and western Orlando. Overall 8.3/10 =Fine Florida Mall
What's with all these suitcases... Oh yeah, it's The United Mall of Tourists. But seriously, everyone and their great grandparents seem to come here. There is almost never any parking spaces and its ALWAYS crowded. (One year I came here for Black Friday... That was a bad idea, I thought I was going to die!) They seriously need a parking garage for this mall. Now to the inside... It's nice, the flooring is kind of old and yucky (about time to, you know, replace it!) but other than that its fine. Though bland. The stores are quite a plus though, I love the Nordstrom here and the Apple Store (when it is not shopper mayhem) is very quick with things. The food court is sucky, however, they have a Ruby Tuesdays! Overall, good mall, but not great.
So, I like that there are shops I actually would purchase from unlike at Millenia. . . Not that I dislike Millenia mall, I just do not have deep enough pockets for the high end stores there. So, I LOVE there that there are two Sephora stores.  Macy's, of course, WHBM the unbelievable and chaotic Forever 21 and H&M. I had my first experience with the crystal hand wash people at the kiosks here. Some dashing dude with an accent pops out in front of you and takes your hands in hopes that you will buy some $60 hand wash. . . it's charming but don't fall it. Other kiosk people may pop out at you as well which is unnerving--I really hate that!!!  But, this is what you'll get if you walk in the main mall area. It's usually crowded and I find myself having to dodge people--many tourists, sometimes bus loads of them. . .this is actually one reason I would rather not shop here.  The Florida hotel is also attached to the mall, so this adds to the people count. The main draw for me personally is Sephora, and now that they are located on either side of the mall, I can easily pop in and out. . .well, as easily as one can at Florida mall.
It's like Christmas Eve 365 days a year--crowded. That's not to say that I don't like it, but since it takes a while to get through the mall, you might want to eat at the mall.  Good luck with that!  The food court has seats for about half the quick serve restaurants in the mall.  People don't linger too much but a lot of people wait to find a table. I usually go to this mall for Burdines/Macy's and the Apple Store, but the Oakley Store is a draw for me also.  I've been in practically all of the other stores, but few are that interesting to me.  I miss Kohr Bros. frozen custard (a taste from home!), as that was always a good way to start in the mall, and that was their last location in the Orlando area. They have some specialty stores but it's not a huge east coast mall.  I remember when they added Nordstrom, there was a big deal about their 15 shoe departments.  Seriously, 15?  I'm guessing that only 13 are dedicated to women.  How unlucky! It was great when they added to the mall back around 2003/2004 but no matter what they do, it's crowded.  The only decent place to park is at Macy's near the Beeline (oh, excuse me, the Beach) Line Expressway.
Nice collection and variety of stores, but way too busy with tourist.  Has the only Disney Store in the surrounding Orlando area. Does need better restaurants.
I suggest you stop here if you want to buy clothes in Orlando and leave Millenia as more of a look around spot. Lets face it all malls have basically the same stores with the same clothes so why spend more money at a different mall? Florida Mall is clean and has many stores, I suggest you stop by M&M world also inside. They added H&M and Forever 21 stores to give it a more vibrant feel very nice. However, the foodcourt is less than mediocre and though it is not small its seating arrangement is very unusual and fills up. So good luck finding seats together if your with more then a group of 4. Oh and Yelp tells you the wrong place of the mall office to get your discount, mall office is near the bebe store down a hallway that looks as its leading you back outside. I plan on coming back to the Florida Mall everytime I'm in Orlando and hopefully will see more additions. Thanks.
This mall is always an interesting experience. On my first visit I came here to check out the new (at the time) H&M store, the first in Florida. It was close to Christmastime and the mall was pretty crowded. H&M was worth the visit. I was impressed by the hotel and currency exchanges in the mall and the diverse mix of European tourists. My most recent visit (over a year ago) was on a January weekend and it was actually far more crowded than it was at Christmastime. It took me a solid 10 minutes of driving around to find a parking space. I was surprised to see massive crowds everywhere. I got a bite to eat at the food court, but I had to eat standing up for about 5 minutes until I could pick up a table from some people who were leaving. All in all, it's worth the trip for shopping at H&M and the other stores that are only available at this mall. It's also a fun place to people-watch, but the crowds can be overwhelming. I usually go to the Mall at Millenia instead--it's much less crowded and has a more upscale feel.
How do you rate a mall? Especially one that is ranked as one of the largest one story malls in the USA. This is a highly touristy mall, you will rarely find locals or great deals/discounts here (again, back to the tourists). At the same point though, this mall peaks with occupation during the weekends, but come on the weekdays and you'll find some unique power walkers and dogs in stroller action. This is a great indoor mall on a hot summer day to kill time or for some great people watching. It should also be stated that this mall tends to have the real stores that have outlet versions of themselves in the various Orlando outlet malls. Also, while it may not be Millenia, it offers a large variety of shops and department stores that may suit your needs. So, it you're a tourist and you're looking to spend some time doing something on a rainy day - go on ahead and visit the mall. But please be mindful of the stop signs and the heavy parking situation as this mall is a popular rainy day location.
Since I am in the midst of my 6 1/2 month stay in Orlando, I had hoped prior to my trek down south that I'd have access to my all-time favorite stores (namely Claire's (Every time there's a 10-for-10 sale I stock up on jewelry!), Sephora, LUSH, and Hot Topic!).  Fortunately, those wishes came true!  On my first visit here I ended up meeting my current hairstylist who at the time was working at the Hair Cuttery but about a month later ended up relocating to another salon (see my review of Awesome Blossom), and as much of a hassle as it is to take 2 LYNX buses to see her at her new location, it's definitely worth it.  Come to think of it, had it not been for the mall, I would never have met her! As lame as it sounds, the bus from my complex only goes there one day a week (which rotates depending on the month), but the good news is that the LYNX bus provides direct transportation to and from the mall should one need to peruse it.  In addition to my favorites listed above, the mall also boasts quite a diverse food court selection (YAY FIVE GUYS BURGERS! Talk about a taste of home!) as well as M&Ms World, Dylan's Candy Bar, and its very own hotel!  What can I say, Florida Mall? You've got me covered for a good few months now!
This mall is ok...just like any other malls that you would see in any states... My issue would be why is there soo many people there its like I'm in a amusement park...I kept bumping into people...I don't know how people can enjoy shopping here...the parking is a pain in the ass  probably cause there so many people at the mall...the food court is pretty awesome...they even have a sushi express thing that spin the sushi around the tables...whatever you want you pick it up...
This mall has everything, but it's always very crowded. Be prepared for people to stop in the middle of the aisle to get something out of their baby stroller. Ladies will love the new addition of H&M and the massive needs-it's-own-zip-code Forever 21.  Sephora and Old Navy are massive. Some stores are even repeated-there are two Game Stops, two Claire's, two calendar stands. Some unique stores include Teavana, Crocks (unfortunately) and the M&M store. Down the street is a shopping center with a few things you won't find at the mall: Chipotle, Petco, TGIFriday's, Ross, and Michael's.
Not sure why so many reviews for Waterford Lakes are coming up here...except that there is a check in offer for a Waterford Lakes coupon book when you check into the Florida Mall (at Sandlake and OBT). Not sure if this is a glitch or a shopping tie in. Florida Mall is an indoor mall that has the main anchors are Macy's, Dilliards, Saks, Nordstrom, Sears and JC Penny's. This used to be the "big" mall in the area before Millenia opened. Nice selection of stores, the California Pizza Kitchen offers a nice dine in option. It's located between the Nordstrom and the Macy's.
This mall is pretty big. Plenty of store options, something for everyone! The Macy's has a pretty good selection of goods and clothes for your styling needs! Some of the stores were not as great as expected: H&M is small and their variety is not impressive compared to its stores in other areas. Notable mentions: Old Navy: 2 stories and plenty to choose from. Forever 21: Two stories! All collections including Forever 21 Men! The store is huuge!!! M&M store: Never seen one before so I was pleased. Not so much: Food court. Very few options! There is plenty to see and visit so one could literally shop till you drop if so desired!
Orlando's version of ATL's Lenox Mall! Quite entertaining I must say! lol! They aren't as High End as Lenox, but the quality of presentation, the people and atmosphere is reminiscent of Lenox Mall! I lit their Old Navy store on fire though!
I really only go to Florida Mall because they have Nordstrom and Sephora. It's so far away from where I live, but worth it for those stores. I guess it's usually pretty clean, but also usually pretty crowded. Going on weekdays is the best chance at avoiding MASS crowds, but even then it is hectic. The layout kinda sucks. There's no short route between two stores that seem to be in the same direction of the mall. Overall, meh. Like I said, I go there for specific stores that aren't in any other malls. Otherwise, I wouldn't.
Hmmm... I used to like this mall when I first moved to the area, but then I found Millenia. I still love Nordstrom, The Limited, and WHBM at this location, but it's usually not enough to get me to go here anymore. I go if there is nowhere else to get what I need. But otherwise... meh. Too many tourists, and, quite frankly, a pain in the butt to get in and out of the area.
Despite the fact that there are screaming children and lots of chaos the shops are decent.One really positive thing is that if you check in you get a coupon book which comes in handy when shopping.
As soon a I get here, I always ask myself why I came to this particular layer of Hell. I really dislike this place. Can you tell?? Sure, it has a wide selection of stores, but it's not worth it to deal with the hordes of rude tourists.
Great variety of stores, designers and department stores.  Does get really crowded but the food court is great and there's a play area for kids.
I just love to shop and this is heaven!! All the great american shops are here, all the designer names to the lesser known one off shops, great eating places. Just what you would expect from an American shopping mall. Always cleans and plenty of parking. The air conditioning comes as a welcome releif of the baking Florida sun. Everytime I have been I have never come away empty handed, there is always a bargin to be had.
It was all about designer labels here. Great if you can get into the smaller sized clothes - nothing for us larger ladies! The plus of the mall was the food court and it had disabled people working there to keep it clean and they looked like they were really enjoying their jobs.
Out of all the malls I visited in Florida this one was the best value. They sell a lot of designer labels and american high street fashion at a really reasonable price. On top of that they have an amazing food court where you can get food from all of the American fast food places. I thought that they could have done with a better range of shops, it was mostly clothes shops. It's worth visiting, especially if you want to get some cheap clothes to bring home.
Second favorite mall besides Millenia. This is definitely a mall for all types. Tourists, upperclass, and lowerclass. I tend to find a lot of rude spanish people when I come to this mall who push and shove through everyone. I dislike the people in the middle who follow you asking you to try their product and then get in your face. I feel invavded. I also have never had great service except from in Nordstrom. Everyone is always behind you watching you and asking what you need especially in Armani and Mac! Disliked that. My new fav store is Forever 21, it's huge and very clean. I do reccoment this mall. It's just the people who may turn you off.
This mall has it all, but I wouldn't come here on black Friday. Lol! It is very large and easy to get lost in. The two story Starbucks in the center is totally Fab!
This mall has lots of stores and booths to make a selection from.  They don't provide many areas to sit down and relax a moment unlike other malls in the area as seem to want every inch they can use to lease out for retail space.  Can be congested on busy days because they've leased out to so many booths.  Parking is a challenge on busy days and weekends.  Food court has some decent choices.  Big mall, like the choices, best to visit mid week.
Lots of stores but the only downfall is its VERY crowded and somewhat ghetto... for the most part good selection of stores and restaurants.  I prefer the variety of stores at this locations over the sparse selection of stores at Millenia although Florida Mall does not have the high end stores like Millenia Mall does.
There are entirely too many tourists to go in this place frequently, but overall it's not a bad shopping experience. They have lots of stores - H & M which I personally love-and a bunch of others everyone has heard of. If you go right when it opens you can avoid the crowds.
The best place to be after a fun-filled weekend. I must be honest, I am a one store kinda girl, so I can't say how the mall itself was. I only went to H&M and I was somewhat happy. I wish the selection was bigger. Overall I was just happy there was and H&M.
Big indoor mall, w/ a bunch of stores, completely over run by tourists - even at 7pm on a Wed night. Rumor on the street there's a JCrew here. Nope. But the nice girls at Banana (where I got a $140- pair of heels for $35-)  assured me it was down at Millenia. Yeah Nerd-stroms!!!! Hit the shoes. "Excuse me. Where are the Charles Davids?" Blank curious stares. "The shoes. Charles David." Looking back and forth between the 3 of them. "Oh you mean Joan & David. They're right there." Are you fricking kidding me? Joan and Fricking Old hag David shoes? They told me to check Saks. Saks: Yeah MAC! For some weird reason NO WHERE in the ENTIRE COUNTY OF BREVARD can you get MAC. My boyfriend assures me the majority of our county is not their target market. Having been here for 6 mon - I agree. Grab my make-up and head to shoes. Which are beautiful but you are for sure an idiot if you pay over $600- for a trendy pair of shoes that will be stale in 3 mon. I said it, sue me. Ask the gentleman standing in the walkway between shoes & sunglasses. "Excuse me. I realize this is a little beneath your store (since they run $200- & up), but do you know where I could find Charles Davids? Your Nordies doesn't have them." Making a face of contempt/confusion "I've never heard of them. Where are you from?" In his lispy condesending voice. "I'm from California and Charles Davids are everywhere" Blank stare of a man who believes working at Saks selling sunglasses next to the shoe department some how has moved him up the rungs of the ladder of importance. "Well I've never heard of them, it must be just something in California." I glance at my boyfriend who shrugs. "Never heard of them huh? Well they're everywhere - LA, SF, Miami, NY" as I imploringly gaze at him in hopes of conjuring up some sort of helpful knowledge. Nothing. I give up. I turn and mutter to my boyfriend as we walk off "Never heard of them? I just revoked that guy's Gay Card."
simon.com/mall/the-flori… - a nice mall in Orlando that can be easily seen from the highway. Semi easy to get to from the highway, not so user friendly getting back on the highway.
I'm a CP. and I love this mall to go to on my days off, it has a huge Forever 21, a really nice food court that you can eat in right off the samples that they give!! and a great coupon book that you can get freebies out of and everything! I recommend it for heavy to just fun shopping. Parking is not that bad either.
This is a great mall for the tourist shopper. Parades of neon shirts with flags on Brazilian teens while they tramp through discount racks of the Charlotte Russe and Forever 21. It does lack the high end boutiques that are featured at the Mall at Millenia. Over all it will meet your shopping needs. One thing for sure...if you make the trip, plan on spending all day.
Shopping's great, with tons of shops! Food options are pretty limited though so it's better to eat elsewhere before shopping here. The staff and A&F and Swatch were really nice too (:
I'm giving this a 4 as opposed to a 3 1/2 because it's clean, big and has an H&M. It would have gotten 1/2 of a star less because it really is jam packed and I was left asking, "Is this the closest mall to the theme parks?" Seriously, I don't remember the Outlets being this bad. StarBucks was insane but for like 5 cents more just go around the corner to the StarBucks inside the hotel! Barely any wait! ;-p
My favorite mall!! Has all the stores I like and then some!!!!
before heading back to the magic city, we wanted to do some shopping. so, we stopped at the florida mall to do just that... we arrived a few minutes before noon only to discover that most stores were not yet open. the stores open their doors at noon so we had to walk around for a bit. noon seems a bit late to open even for a sunday, but hey, that's my opinion. it's got typical mall stores....forever 21, zara, bakers, foot locker. and much to my surprise, there was a tattoo shop!
Florida mall is a good mall but I only come in the morning. Later in the days the parking is unbearable and the mall is flooded with loud tourist and a ridiculous amount of strollers. I only come to this mall for Saks Fifth, Nordstrom, and H & M and they always deliver. I like this mall but there are too many tourists for me to handle.
This mall is absolutely beautiful. Big and sunny, with just about any store you could possibly want, I really wish I could pack this thing up and take it home with me.  When I can bring my husband to the mall, and he doesn't get bored (and actually buys stuff!) you know I've struck gold.   Good stores include Dylan's Candy Bar, Apple, MAC, Sephora, Hot Topic, the little crepe stand in the food court, and many more.  Lots of department stores, from higher-end to mid-end.   We got there just before opening on Sunday and the mall was already buzzing even though very few stores were open.  But we walked around and shopped in absolute comfort for 1 or 2 hours.  It was starting to get a little busy around the time we left, but absolutely NOTHING like how busy Michigan Avenue and Woodfield Mall back home get.  There were a few "touristy" tourists (most tourists can blend in when shopping at a mall, but if you bring backpacks and walky-talkies for your herd of WASP-ish kids, you're going to stick out like a sore thumb [especially if you wear the backpack on your front...WTF?]) but nowhere near as bad as other reviews make it sound.  Seriously, though, this whole CITY is just one big, giant tourist trap, so why would it surprise you? I picked up a beautiful leather bracelet engraved with my niece's name, and a matching one for my mother-in-law (she likes sentimental things like that) and found some really cool scarves for rock-bottom prices.  The crepe place really took us back (we used to have one at our mall, but it closed... there's nothing like crepes with Nutella!) and rounded out a pleasant trip.  The M&M store was whimsical but ultimately pointless, and Macy's had some good deals (for Macy's).   Overall, a very lovely day at the mall, and if I ever find myself in Orlando again, I'll definitely come back.
Good, affordable mall.  It's really big though, so you can easily get lost.  The parking isn't that great.
I went to the mall to kill some time. The mall is pretty large and most of the stores remind me of an airport. They have Pink Berry so I have to give in 3 stars.  Make sure to park at a department store it is much smoother.
Spent a good 3 hours here with the hubby and shopped until we dropped. I made out with all the goods. I enjoyed shopping at bebe, Charlotte Rouse, JC Penny, Spencer, and No Fear. I would give this mall 5 stars if they had a Cinnabun. They had a knock off cinnamon bun and the buns did not look appetizing. This mall is a tourist trap just as I found myself as one trying to do something different that didn't involve a theme park. Ruby Tuesdays was pretty cool. They had a yummy salad bar and food was tasty.  We sat at their bar and received prompt status, they have good beers on tap; Killians, Ying Ling, Heineken, Amber Bach.  Very crowded mall with people sitting on the floor in the food court. I liked the selection of stores both upscale to mid scale. Something for every ones price range. Definitely enjoyed the goods I made out with.  After all it was the day after Christmas.
BEST MALL IN ORLANDO..I know theres another mall but they are very high end. I perfer the lower end.. haha Found alot of good stuff esp sneakers. House of Hoops is there and i was impressed. Alot of stuff you wont find at Finishline or Footactions. This mall has gotten so big that you might miss the outside shops too... And be sure to look at the map. You will miss what your looking for if you just walked around..
Where shall I begin.... This mall I huge compared to other mall I have visited. They have something for every type of shopper from the fugal to the wasteful lol. I couldn't understand why several store had multiple location in one mall. My favor store was the MAC store. There a tiny store with about 200 people 40 employee and a security guard, you don't get to touch anything ask for what you want someone takes it to the register and you meet them there. Now that's service.
For anyone who loves shopping this is the place to go! Lots and lots of shops, and big food court with plenty of choice and generally a nice place to spend they day. Would have loved to have spent more time there but it was just a bit tiring with all the excitement of trying to go to every shop!!! If you do want to do that then go early in the morning and spend the whole day there. Definitely recommended if you like shopping and if you want to experience a good shopping centre as they have shops to suit everybody. And if you've never been to America before and like me wanted to go to a really nice mall then I would say try Florida Mall.
The mall has it all, except spacing which is the irony because the more they expand, the more people show up. Decent place.
This is an amazing out door mall with lots to do and see and all kinds of stores can be found here from Best buy to Petsmart.
This is actually a pretty decent mall, and they keep adding new stores. My main reason for coming here is location and convenience of the Apple store.
All the essential shops and restaurants but i just dont like the layout and parking.
Huge mall. Everything you need to buy can be found here.
My favorite mall, by far. I love the Mall at Millenia, and think it's an amazing mall, but this one tops even that! I mean, there's even a hotel inside this mall, for goodness sakes! If you get too tired while shopping, go rent a room and rest up, then pick up where you left off! The bathroom situation is lacking. There aren't a lot, and the ones in the food court are always packed and also very messy. But talking about the food court... the selection is huge. There are so many different food choices. Plus they have a two story coffee shop right in the mall, just off of the food court. There is also a sushi place in here where the food goes by you on this revolving counter, and you just take off whatever you want as it comes by. And there are so many stores! More stores than any other mall I've ever been in. The crowds can be frustrating. There are a LOT of tourists.  But I mean, come one... it's located just off of OBT. Oh, and there are two, count them, two, different Auntie Annes pretzel kiosks. So right as you finish your first pretzel, you get to the next kiosk and can buy another one! Plus, a lot of the stores are set up so you can walk in one side of the store, but go ahead and walk right on through and out the other side and be in a whole different wing of the mall. lol I probably sound like a little kid reviewing Disney to his parents, but good, because that's how I feel whenever I am at this mall. I say again, my favorite mall, by far!
There are many times of the week that I generally try and stay away from the Florida Mall.  For example, on weekends you will not find me here.  This mall is huge, and does have a lot to offer, however it can get insanely crowded during the peak hours and still pretty congested the rest of the time.  I can do congested (I live in Orlando), but I would advise against going here on the weekends because the place is like a zoo.   The Florida Mall does have a large amount of stores to offer, and you can most likely always find what you are looking for.  You are most likely in for quite a hike from your car to the entrance, so be prepared if it is raining.   The clientel that this mall attracts is mostly tourists, as there is a hotel attached to the mall.  This can sometimes make your visit seem like a day at Disney (and not in a good way).  However, if you pick the right time and know what you are looking for, The Florida Mall could be a good alternative to Millenia.
Went here to kill some time before going to Halloween Horror nights this past weekend. The mall as you could probably suspect is full of tourists. Pretty packed and it was hard to find parking but we did anyway. They have a great selection of stores if u want to spend some money. They even have a two story H&M! their forever 21 is great as well. Be prepared to do a lot of walking and make sure to get here early!
This is my favorite go-to mall in Florida.  For a one level mall, it's got tons of stores and is usually packed so it's really good for people watching.  Unfortunately, there are tons of kiosks with the creepy European'ish people begging you to come over because "they have a question for you".  If you can put up with that and don't mind giving a quick "no" and moving on, you'll really enjoy this mall.
It's known as the tourists' mall but I'm always a fan of international atmospheres. The vendors do make things annoying on you at times. But there are countless stores there that you find anywhere else in the area.
A fairly large mall with all the usual stores as well as some chains that you can't find everywhere. I would really like this mall except that the layout is very confusing, it's very crowded and there is not enough places to sit.
This is our largest mall. Millenia is nicer, but this mall has all the great stores and some good chain restaurants. The weekend and holiday crowds can be a bit much at times and it is heavily tourist trafficked as well.
Came to visit this mall since I was in town. This mall seemed very popular with alot people. There were alot tourists shopping there, like me, who tent to stop, take photos with their smartphones. One of my favorite shops was the M&M store. I've never seen so much M&M merchandise in one place. I recommend coming here for the experience, if you are visiting from out of town. Their food court is situated in the middle of the mall with many places to wet your appetite. I also recommend that you check in to Yelp so you can receive a free coupon book good for some stores in the mall. Overall this mall is not bad at all.
Biggest mall in Orlando. Pretty good. Love to go there.
All I can say is....THIS IS WHAT Alaskan Malls should Look Like..
I wish Nordstrom and Saks would move to the Millenia Mall because i like the Millenia mall much better, i just feel safer at the Millenia Mall at night when im alone, but i do like the Florida mall.
Its a mall.....so its filled with stores that I can max out my credit cards with!!!! Yay!!!!!!!!  Tons of store selections.  The trick is go early...yes I know getting up early isn't my idea of a great time either, but the mall will feel like its deserted and all yours to explore.  The sales staff will be fresh and ready to help.  I love Black & White, Sephora, Teavana, Macys, Torrid (has great shoes for my big ole' feet).  Yes there are a lot of tourists....last time I checked we live in Orlando or Florida for that matter if you hate tourists that much move to South Dakota.  Till then suck it up its the price to pay for being surrounded by beaches, having a lot to do, and well being close to the land of Mickey.
Actually a pretty big mall with alot of options, like having a CVS in there, a food court that had alot of great options, a 2 story starbucks and direct connection to the hotel.
absolutely love to shop here! its inside ao its all air conditioned like the outlets its fancy but not overpriced like millennia, you can usually always find parking even if its a little far unlike the outlets, they have all the most popular stores. the only stores id love for them to add is american apparel and urban outfitters. the food court it ok, it would be better if they added chickfila or chipotle two very high demand places thats the only thing really. if i could do 4.5 stars i would.
this was the first mall I've visited in the us, and it really is something else! A superb range of shops, with Hollister, Abercrombie & American Eagle all nicely tucked together. The food court is wonderfull, bourbon chicken is amazing. Also had a good range of surf shops like quicksilver, pacsun etc. If your in the area, this place is well worth a visit! To a member, all the staff I encountered were friendly and helpful, although its worth noting that they treat retail as sales over here, and are much more forwards than they are in Blighty, and stop just short of being pushy. Intimidating at first, but I soon got used to it. Oh, and I bought a new hat & my first foot thongs!
Big mall.. the m&m store was cool. Nice interior.
This is my favourite mall in Orlando, with such a wide variety of shops for all tastes and budgets. There are department stores, designer shops, high street shops and many specialist stores. There is a great food court, with lots of different fast food options for everyone.
This is great place to get all of your gifts for you hoildays. Its a short drive or bus ride from I drive, and has lots of resturants in the food court and a great selection of shops
This is by far the best shopping experience you will have on holiday in orlando its further out of the way than say the prime outlets and is difficult to get to without a car but definately dont miss it. Has less of a touristy feel about and is more like a classic american mall. Plenty of great clothing shops especially. Huge food court too with plenty options for dinner aswell. One of my favourite parts about going to orlando.
This is the place to go it you want home prices but a Florida Landscape.  We felt right at home here .....everything you need you can find here.  There is a CVS and even a Coach Store.  This mall offers a wide variety of wares.  Our Personal favorite stop would be the Toy Store!
Pack. Also my daughter lost her tablet there and everybody know she didnt get it back.
Nice variety of stores. T-mobile has the cell phone biz locked down here, though. Aside from radio shack, you will find no other phone dealers represented.
I love this Mall. It must be the best mall I have ever been. It has an array of stores and some of the best bargins in Florida
I got a gift certificate from a friend from Bakers Shoes. One of the employees confirmed that it would never expire. Couple months later, I tried to use it at Bakers Shoes  in Florida Mall. The employee of the store said that this gift card is invalid because it was purchased before Bakers Shoes went out of business. Now it is owned by a different owner,  therefore I could not use this gift card anymore. This is extremely unfair to the customers. I think that if the name of the company is changed completely, then I would agree that I cannot use that gift card anymore.  But in this case, the name is still exactly the same: BAKERS SHOES, I should be able to use it. As a big company, they should be able to accommodate and redeem the gift card! But they didn't!
well, i intentionally find this mall through my navigation and i did it, found it huge and nice. i came on weekdays so its not that many tourist like me lol if it just closer to Miami i would definitely come back coz this mall is nice and  not pack as usually does in SawGrass, Dolphin Mall & Dadeland Mall in Miami
This mall is basically as bad as it gets. If it wasn't for the fact that it has the only Microsoft Store, Sephora, and Nordstrom in the Orlando area I'd never step foot in that hole. The parking is a joke. They have a huge section of the lot closed off right by a main entrance for the Florida Hotel parking. I have never seen the closed off lot more that a quarter full even on black friday. Major poor planning. Over all the mall is dirty and the bathrooms are foul and to few and to small for the mall traffic. The people working the kiosks are always hassling you as you walk by and there is one every few feet. Makes me feel like the mall is desperate for money. The tourists come by the bus load and over run any store worth going into. Most of them are rude and smell bad. A group of 50 will just stop and sit down in the middle of the mall blocking everyones way the mall security seems okay with this. Food options are a joke. The food court is something out of a horror movie and I would recommend staying clear of it for your health. Safety is major issue there. People are pick pocketed in the mall and robbed in the parking lot often. I would never go there or leave after dark. I would also be very  careful leaving this mall with big ticket purchases. Over all the only reason they even get two stars is because of the stores they have you can't go else where to shop. Go there, hit Sephora and Microsoft (luckily side by side) and then head to Millennia.
Wow. What in the world happened to this mall? I remember coming here so much back in elementary school because I thought it was so nice here. It was kind of dead when I came here to shop a couple of weeks ago. Maybe I was exhausted from the cruise I was on a few days before that I was really in no mood to shop. I was able to grab a couple of tops and a dress before leaving the mall. My favorite section would probably be the section with Zara, H&M, and Forever 21. Luckily, they're all in their little corner, so I don't have to walk too far. The Zara there is tiny, so don't get your hopes up. H&M is two stories, but its a little bit unorganized. Forever 21 is extremely unorganized, so don't get your hopes up for that either. Also, try to avoid the Starbucks inside the mall. They're kind of really bad at making drinks and have bad customer service. Overall, I don't think this mall is worth much of a visit. Sure, its huge, but there's nothing much to buy.
we went to the florida mall and there are some great bargains to be had, plenty of shops with loads of choice, loads of easy parking and well signposted, large eating area with loads of different choices for all. grab some bargains and if you do go to florida head to the malls. the florida mall is one of the biggest. quite easy to get to with or without a car as you can get there on the iride trolley which is really cheap and takes you up and down international drive.
