This place located on Park Ave in Winter Park is an adorable little gem of good heartedness. Filled with handicrafts from around the world, Ten Thousand Villages offers fair trade gifts and treasures at reasonable prices.  Not only are the artisans being paid a living wage,  but they haven't jacked up the consumer prices to do so. The store is small, but I could easily spend hours checking out all the cool merchandise. My latest purchase, a cookbook with recipes from around the world, and some other things for my mom's birthday, which I can't disclose - because she has a YELP. Oh, and they have a drum circle the last Friday of every month.  I'll be checking that out :)
Totally dig a place where I can find a necklace that I get complimented on each and every time I wear it and know that my money to purchase it went to good use.   This location is all about fair trade.  Everyone working here are volunteers and everything seems to made with love and respect.  I get such a cozy feeling when browsing around this spot.  I have to make sure I have money everytime I enter cause I always walk away with at least one thing.  Total must stop if you have never been while you are strolling park ave, great shop!
Ten Thousand Villages is a fair trade retailer that offers a refreshing change from every day-ness.  Cards, purses, jewelry, drums, and so many other things that I'm not sure what they are,  live here. It just feels great to be there!  There is also a small selection of fair trade coffees and chocolates as well.  Definitely a place to stop by for unique gifts knowing that your purchase will make a difference. The store is staffed by volunteers who are very helpful.  Wow!  What a gem!
"Fairly traded handcrafts from around the world."  This shop sticks to this mantra--and a job well done I must say. Their merchandise was beautiful.  And beautifully displayed which made shopping there a pleasure.  I loved their jewelry--and the price tags attached.  The pieces were distinctive and very cool.  Bright colors and interesting bead combinations.  I wish I could have bought it all. Their blue and white ceramic pieces were also a treat to view.  They had quite a bit of house wares as well as decorative home goods like mirrors and candles.   It seemed like a fantastic place to find your best friend a wedding gift (if you were to stray from her registry).  Everything was well crafted and not something you'd find in any old store.
Among the posh, upscale shops of Winter Park sits a store that doesn't seem like it fits in, but it actually does surprisingly well...and it's called Ten Thousand Villages. This small shop tucked away at the end of the Park Avenue strip is known for it's handcrafted fair trade gifts and treasures that are sold at very affordable prices. It's one of the few places on Park Ave where I don't feel like I'm paying way too much and the merchandise is very unique and one of a kind in regards to other shops carrying the same merchandise. The list of items you can find in this small store is endless. They have everything from purses and bags to teas and coffee, little statues and trinkets, books and so much more. This is the perfect place to buy gifts for any occasion, especially for people who you often have a difficult time finding a gift for. What's even better is that the merchandise stands out and doesn't look cheaply made. Plus, there is always new stuff coming in. This is a good store to simply browse around in and ask questions.
Ten Thousand Villages is one of my favorite places to shop.  This unique store is a Fair Trade Retailer; where the artisans from developing countries earn a fair income for their products that are sold in each store.  You will find that a number of the items for sale in Ten Thousand Villages offer an Artisan Profile.  I enjoy reading the story behind the product. While I'm a big fan of Ten Thousand Villages, I'm a little disappointed in the size of this store. I love the concept and wish there were many more items to choose from. Though this is the smallest of their stores I've been to, they do fill up the space.  Make sure take a couple of walks through, you might find something you missed before. You will find that the staff here is friendly and helpful if need be. The prices are terrific and you can feel good about your purchases knowing the workers are paid a fair price. Ten thousand Villages is a great spot to find a gift for those hard to shop for. You'll find jewelry, cd's, home décor, garden pots, toys and more. If you have a budget this is a great shop. You will find many items very reasonably priced without a lack in quality. While I only wish this store was larger, I am pleased that there is a Ten Thousand Villages close enough to frequent.
Love Love Love , Ten Thousand Villages. What an amazing store filled with art from artisans around the world. I totally recommend shopping at Ten Thousand Villages for all your family and friends. It's a true treasure in the heart of Winter Park.
My goodness, how have I not reviewed this place before?!  I love this shop.  Their mission is fair trade, the goods are solid, the people are cool.  By far, my favorite shop on Park Ave!
