I have been living in Orlando since 1973.   I remember when this neighborhood was not so nice.  Back then it was run down nobody wanted to live downtown Orlando. My how things have changed.  A lot of the homes in the area have been renovated updated.  I just love all the point of little mom-and-pop type of shops. Restaurants, bakeries, bars, all kinds of places to see visit do and drink.  It is now one Orlando's finer neighborhoods.
Thornton Park District is a gem of Orlando that I discovered when I did the Wine Walk while on vacation in Orlando.  Now that I'm a resident, it is quickly becoming one of my favorite areas to be. I like strolling up and down E. Washington St and just popping into different establishments to see what they are offering. It reminds a little of some of the places that I left behind when I moved here. It is riddled with locally owned establishments (restaurants, bars, shops, etc.) that give it a very small town personal touch.  I think that it has an old, cozy and eclectic ambiance.  When I'm in Thornton Park District, I almost forget that it is apart of Orlando. Although the Thornton Park parking garage is nearby, I prefer to park on the neighborhood streets and walk a block or two.
This is a really nice urban neighborhood that really has it all. You have retail and residential well mixed. It is very walkable and bike friendly. It adjoins Lake Eola Park, which is a City highlight. Their are plenty of dining options here, althogh I do sorely miss the Hue, which was my favorite. Overall a great neighborhood and well worth visiting.
Love this area!! Shops, dining, brick road - quite the charm! Even a small roundabout with a fountain in the middle.  Go for a stroll, get a massage, bring your dog, grab some coffee for people watching, and relax! Walking distance to Lake Eola.  And dont forget the unique bars! There is definitely something for everyone! Plus, every second tuesday of the month they host a wine and art stroll for a chance for drinks and seeing the works of local artists.
The summary of this neighborhood really hits the nail on the head: "Visitors looking to decompress will find real relief in the brick-lined streets of Thornton Park, the city's most stylish district. Just east of Lake Eola in downtown's green heart, the residential neighborhood, is home to street after street of oak-shaded bungalows, many built in the original Florida "cracker" style with wraparound front porches. A colorful commercial district stretches along Washington Street, Summerlin Avenue and Central Boulevard, with a European feel to the restaurants and boutiques contained therein." Living only seconds from Lake Eola, Thornton Park is within walking distance of my home and it really is a charming neighborhood. Cute boutiques, awesome restaurants and community driven events. My go-to locations in Thornton Park are definitely Mother Falcon, Marie France, Urban ReThink, Chilly Spoons, Aroma, and Hue. I dig the Thornton 3rd Thursday Art Walk, The pooch event that Lamb Eat Ivy puts on every year and the art shows that Mother Falcon puts on monthly. It really is a great neighborhood overall!
The round about with the fountain is the best. . .love it. . . More of a real Orlando in this area near lake Eola.  Parking can be tricky at times, but other than that, great area to just walk around and make lots of memories.
The art and wine event is a lot of fun.  Thornton Park has that small town walk friendly vibe.  It's a good time enjoying the art and nothing beats having a good glass of wine at the same time.
Thornton Park is a small downtown neighborhood that is located East of Lake Eola.  This neighborhood is a popular place for dining and shopping.   Restaurants with al fresco dining, spas, a B&B, salons and unique  boutiques compliment the stylish condos and colorful neighborhood bungalows. The shady oaks and the brick lined streets add charm to this happening neighborhood. Be sure to check out the monthly Art Walk on the 3rd Thursdays.  It's part of the 3rd Thursday Gallery Hop that starts at 6:00pm at CityArtsFactory.  It's a fun way to see local art.
I heart me some Thornton Park. It is such a cute little part of town. The fountain in the middle of the road captures the charm of this neighborhood. A bit hipstery, fun and quirky. There are a number of restaurants, shops and bars. They each have distinct personality unique to itself. The best part is the ample street parking. Most of the side streets are residential and have street parking. If you don't mind walking a few blocks. There are a couple of lots as well.
