I remember back when Downtown Disney first opened up and we went ALL the time. Then came City Walk which blew DowntownD away. I hadn't been out there in a long time, then last night we decided to check it out yet again. It is sad to see old Pleasure Island shuttered up and ready to close. It is a little piece of Orlando history that will soon be completely gone. The marketplace portion of DowntownD is about the same with its mix of Disney themed stores and pricey, mediocre restaurants. The weekend after Christmas it was PACKED with people- no signs of a recession here! There are lots of fun stores for kids: toy stores, candy stores, chocolate stores and a fountain play area. The walkway meanders next to a picturesque lake with lots to see and do. Don't forget the West Side with the impressive Virgin Megastore, AMC theatre, Disney Quest, Cirque Du Soleil and an assortment of restaurants. Be prepared to wait at peak times for a restaurant and parking can be difficult, unless you luck out and happen upon someone who is just leaving. All in all not a bad way to pass an afternoon/evening.
Here's another one to avoid with husband, unless you can somehow steer him toward the manly Legoworld while you go enjoy yourself. We did have a nice little treat at the Ghirardelli's here, where my husband won my affections back by ordering the espresso sundae. I forgave him for all of his nitpicking for one bite of that luscious chocolate wonder. IT was seriously off the hook good. My root beer float paled in comparison to his sundae. Guess who ended up with the float? Also the bus ride back is the longest of them all if you are staying at a resort!
I love Downtown Disney and always make a point of coming here during my Disney trips! A lot of Disney World Goers don't know about Downtown Disney or simply don't make the time to fit it into their schedule. As a Disney enthusiast, Disney shopping is a huge part of my trip...and Disney dining! Both of these require a trip to Downtown Disney. You can get to DTD via car, bus, boat or walking depending on where you are coming from. I absolutely love the atmosphere here but it can get CRAZY crowded! I recommend avoiding weekend nights and if you can, avoid nights altogether! It gets much busier on weekends and at night. I'm talking keep running into people in the World of Disney busy. I miss Pleasure Island and having the nighttime clubbing experience while at Disney World...but...I did it once. Clubbing is not really the hot activity while at Disney World. I'm very excited to see what comes of the new restaurants and shopping that is slated to pop up in 2013 in Pleasure Island! Some of my personal favorites at Downtown Disney are Raglan Road, Goofy's Candy Company, World of Disney, Marketplace Fun Finds, Wolfgang Puck Cafè and Disney's Days of Christmas! I have individualized reviews on all these spots plus many more that you can look over in my Disney list! There is a fabulous array of shops and dining here not to be missed! Plus you can rent boats here for a lot of fun on the lake. I've done that before and it made for one of my best experiences ever at Disney World!
We stayed in Orlando/Kissimmee for 5 nights, and there isn't much of a night life here!! We came here two nights, first night I believe was after we spent the day in Hollywood Studio's on a Sunday night. The place seemed pretty dead from the side where La Nouba was located. But once you walk pass Pleasure Island, it gets a little more livelier because that's where the big disney stores & restaurants are located. I want to say this place is slightly bigger than Downtown Disney in Anaheim. If you forgot to get someone something from the stores at the park, you can always come here cause they pretty much have everything all in one place! Another cool thing about this place is, they have Earl of Sandwich!!
The Disney employees are utterly charming. A little old man in the make up shop made my day - my husband and I are still talking about how incredibly kind he was. We also loved having our profiles cut out by an artist with a booth by the pin store. He was an amazingly skilled artist; we loved watching him work, and my husband and I are both very happy of the likeness he did of us. The product was also very fairly priced, which can't always be said of Disney.
Downtown Disney is a great place to spend a rainy afternoon or evening while in Orlando.  There is so much to do, eat, drink...and plenty of shopping! Every year they add new things. The traffic can be horrendous, but we try to time it so we miss it, although sometimes it can't be helped.  Parking can be tricky too, and they are currently building something in one of the parking lots.  We are hoping its a giant parking garage because it is the only thing that would make sense.  I haven't made it to the bowling lanes yet, but that is next on my list.  There are several restaurants that I would love to visit as well, such as Fulton's Crab House and Cookes of Dublin.
Over crowded, over priced, and crap compared to universals city walk.  Don't go here.
Another spot to see and buy Disney stuff ... stuffed animals, clothes, jewelry, dishes, cups, and just about anything else you could imagine with the Disney Logo.  They are brilliant merchandisers.   Trade pins ... and buy pins.   You really do not need to get things in the shops in the Disney parks ... cause you can do one-stop shopping here. They even have the Bibbity Bobbity Boutique where the girls get made up like little princesses.  It is amusing and sad at the same time. They charge more than $50 for your kid to be made up like a princess then $$$ to get the princess clothes ... adding up to $$$$$.  Brilliant and expensive. My daughter was very confused when she realized there were not any rides to go on. This is Disney where you see Mickey and Minnie everywhere  ... and she comes for the rides.  She did pick out a Minnie Alarm clock. When she saw it, she made a bee line for it!  I was happy she found something she liked and it was useful too. That can be a challenge. The lego store was fun.  The restaurants were for the masses and just ok.   We came here one day when my mother-in-law did not want to walk the big Disney theme park.  It was easy to navigate and easy to enjoy.   One highlight is the Ghiradelli ice cream parlor. It is special and a not to miss spot.  They have amazing ice cream and their ice cream sundae with dark chocolate hot fudge is better than most everything else we had in Disney.
It's a beautiful place to stroll and shop but you need to go early and completely avoid the East Side after about 2pm.  SERIOUS! The West side and Pleasure Island are a lot more open and always have less people. Raglan is an excellent spot to grab a beer and sit outside to people watch.  The AMC theaters are a nice place to cool off and watch a Disney flick.  Fulton's is good for lunch but avoid for dinner.  If it's cool, you can sit on the deck and enjoy an early lunch (they open at 11:30) with beautiful views of SSR across the lake. If you want to shop at World of Disney, arrive at 11am and get it out of the way.  It's a total Mob Scene from 1pm to close. Avoid Rainforest and TRex cafes.  Not worth the money.
Getting in my Disney souvenir shopping! Pretty much the go-to place for all things Disney. The Marketplace feature all kinds of Disney themed stores. World of Disney is the flagship shop here, and there are many others for clothes, housewares, gifts, novelties, accesssories, and even a Christmas store. All are open year around. There are also a bunch of restaurants to eat at like Earl of Sandwich, Wolfgang Puck, Giardelli, and Rainforest Cafe. They even have a Lego Land here with everything Lego. So many places to shop. Open late, and this place is always crowded and loud. Live entertainment also takes place. Free to get in but be prepared to drop some cash on souvenirs and gifts. Pleasure Island which is right next door used to be more for the adults with bars and nightclubs throughout. Now it seems Disney is trying to make this more family friendly. Some restaurants and bars still remain but the clubs have been shut down. Still in development. The West Side is the place to go for more upscale eating, themed restaurants, and celebrity owned dining spots. More like an outside shopping mall there too. Planet Hollywood, Bongo's, AMC Theater, House of Blues, DisneyQuest, and Cirque du Soleil La Nouba can be found here. We usually hit Downtown Disney after a day at the parks to get some shopping done, or just to relax and eat as it is open late usually until midnight.
I was expecting Downtown Disney to look a lot like the one in California, but this one is a lot better.  It's bigger and more spread out, and it seemed easier to walk around.   We were here at night for dinner, and there were many choices of restaurants in all different price ranges, plus places for snacks or dessert like the candy store and Ghirardelli.   Of all the stores, I thought the Lego store seemed the coolest.  Again, there is a Lego store at the Downtown Disney in Anaheim, CA, but this one had awesome Lego sculptures outside, including a Lego dragon coming out of the lake. Great place to come for shopping, entertainment, and dining.  The bus from the Walt Disney World hotels will drop you off at the Downtown Disney Marketplace side or around the corner at Pleasure Island.
Mickey here and Minnie there You can take me out of Disney World in Orlando, FL but you cannot take Disney out within me!   There are a lof of shops such as Disney Marketplace and World of Disney.  World of Disney is one of the largest Disney store I've seen as there are products that local Disney stores do not carry, yet World of Disney is very pricey.  Totally a tourist trap indeed for souvenirs.  There are an abundant plush toys of Mickeys and Minnies, cups, magnets, bags, t-shirts, apparel, key chains, post cards, figures, souvenirs, etc.  I rate Downtown Disney four stars as I were hoping for a gargantuan selection of Mickey and friends cookies, biscuits or even cupcakes as I'm a cookie monster always have a sweet tooth, but disappointedly not to many options in the sweet category! World of Disney store in Downtown Disney deliver visitors' purchases to hotels same day (N.B. hotels must be a Disney property i.e. All Star Movies, Polynesian, Boardwalk, Grand Floridian, et al).  My most recent Disney World visit in 2004 which I'd stay at All Star Movies made shopping at World of Disney very convenient and enjoyable. Visitors can continue to enjoy a magical day without having to lug their souvenir purchases throughout the day.  I believe World of Disney ships international as well. Take home a piece of Disney and let the magic live on!
A great venue of consumption for the sheeple of the world who love nothing more than to consume for the sake of consuming.  This place more then any at Disney is one that I truly can't wrap my head around in terms of it's appeal. Add gladiator style parking to over priced retail with mostly shitty third rate chain restaurant quality food and I mean how can one resist? By-in-large there is nothing here that can't be done elsewhere at Disney or in the Orlando area better or certainly cheaper.
We were drunk, we were hungry...hunger was beat down by the Earl of Sandwich...MUST GO.  Drunk entertainment however wasn't stoked...our fire went out when we find out everything closes early and the night life is blahh. Great concept once again sub par.
8/31 During our stay in disney world, I really enjoyed going to downtown disney and walking around to the different stores and looking at the various food places like the foodie I am.  I esp loved the main disney store where you can buy disney souvenirs.  Theres the goofy candy store to fulfill your sweet tooth cravings.  The different food places range from good ol american to irish to cuban to mexican.  They also have a stage where they have different shows, from game shows to music acts.  Theres also a dine in theater which was really cool and fun to go to.  They also have their own cirque de soleil with their own exclusive acts.  Theres even a big entertainment store for kids and adults to enjoy.
Kind of like the one is Socal.....but more spread out. Hell it could be a theme park in itself. I suppose that's the nature of Florida though...there's a lot of room to do a whole lot more than in $$$ CA. Again with the pomp and ceremony....everything here is Disneyfied. And there's nothing like getting plastered at this place at night. On a side note, if you've been shopping it's neat that they will deliver your crap to your room (if you're staying at one of the disney resorts) so you can keep on going. bleh
Fun! If you don't want to be overwhelmed with huge theme parks, this is a great place to just relax, shop, and eat. There is no entrance fee into Downtown Disney, but you have to pay for the things they offer if you decide to do these activities. So basically Downtown Disney is divided into three sections: Downtown Disney West Side, Downtown Disney Marketplace and Pleasure Island. I will go over the highlights of each. West Side: So this is a more chill side, where you can relax by watching a movie or acrobatic show or enjoy breakfast/lunch/dinner. There's the AMC theater. It's a normal AMC theater to me. Nothing new. And no they do not only play Disney movies haha. You could watch the Cirque du Soleil-La Nouba, which is a colorful acrobatic/circus show in a nice theater. I haven't watched it but there's so much rave about these types of shows. There are several restaurants such as the House of Blue Cafe, Wolfgang Puck, Planet Hollywood, and Bongo's (Gloria Estafan owns this restaurant). There's Disney Quest, which is an indoor arcade/game place for the kids (additional admission). Oh there's that hot-air ballon-type thing called "Characters in Flight" (additional admssion). It basically takes you up on this giant balloon-looking ride so you could view Downtown Disney from an aerial perspective. Marketplace: This is where you can buy all your souvenirs if you want original Disney items. You can go to World of Disney, which is a huge store full of Disney products! It's kind of like the Disney store you see at the mall times 100 haha. Oh and there's a Lego store/creation center next to World of Disney. There are little food stores here. Oh and there's a Disney Christmas shop here. The Rainforest Cafe is a nice dining experience here. Pleasure Island: I think this might be more geared towards adult tourists because there's a cigar store, bar/pub, and a Harley Davidson store. Fulton's Crabhouse is on a cruise boat-type of restaurant here. We didn't spend that much time here...we just walked past it. So that's Downtown Disney in a nutshell. There are too many stores to name, but those that I mentioned were what I thought the highlights of the place! =) Enjoy!
Free entertainment.  Free admission.  Free parking.  Free music!  Free ferry!  And it's fun (depending on who you go with, of course). . . Great back up plan for a night out if you just want to walk around, see people, have some great fun!
This is my "home" Downtown Disney, and my favorite between here and the one in Anaheim. It is much, much bigger, with more things to see and do. I like to spend at least one night here just unwinding and relaxing after a very long park day. It's a great place to grab dinner and stock up on cool things as well as souvenirs in a nice, peaceful atmosphere. I love all the different eating options here, my favorite being T-Rex for numerous reasons. There is a ton of parking available as well, if you aren't staying on property to utilize Disney's transportation (cabs are also an option). The only downside may be there is a LOT of walking involved if you want to see it all, and that might not be so fun after visiting a park all day, or if there are health concerns. It's one part of the World I make sure to never miss!
only if the infamous weather of the FL could behave a little better... Then my experience could be PERFECT~!! yeah, and don't get ME start with the painful experience when dealing with humidity level at 99%........ anyways~ If you like Disney~ and if you like shopping......... well, it is YOUR heaven But not so much for dinning... because, no matter where you want go, it is just like the Dumbo ride... there WILL BE A LINE! and its not a cake-walk! However, since it is the SunShine State... instead the Golden one... SO! the experience that you could actually walk around downtown with a beer or Margarita in hand...... it was absolutely heaven!! From Mr. Potato Head shop to, Princess fantasy salon... From T-Rex to Planet Hollywood, House of Blue to Rain forest... Its just cool~ three nights in Lake Buena Vista, I visited the downtown three straight days!! Its vibrant~ its full of color~ its an absolute CELEBRATION!!
My mom and I refer to Downtown Disney as "Disney without the rides" because that's pretty much what it is. In the daytime, it's a really swell place to walk around. My favorite time to go is at night, after leaving one of the theme parks. Downtown Disney is meant to keep you entertained after the parks are closed, so that's when it gets the most business. With dozens of eateries, shops, a movie theater, a virtual theme park and even Cirque du Soleil, Downtown's really got it all. Maybe I'm just sentimental after having gone here for years and years, but I think Downtown Disney is great. If you want the Disney atmosphere while also having the option to not actually spend money, it makes a good day trip. There's a lot of eateries here, tons of stores, including World of Disney, the "world's largest character store". There's also non-Disney themed shops, like Basin (which is basically a faux Lush), shops with surf apparel and the like. It's hard not to miss the giant spherical globe that is the Planet Hollywood (it's worth it to see the inside of this just once) and there's also Disney Quest, an indoor interactive theme park that I've never gone to (nor do I plan to.) A lot of "showy" chain restaurants (famous more for their atmosphere than their food) reside at downtown Disney, including the aforementioned Planet Hollywood, Rainforest Cafe and T-Rex. Yeah, they're pricey, but it's all part of 'experience' and magic of being at Disney. Sometimes I go into Rainforest Cafe and T-Rex just to look around without actually buying a meal! My favorite places to go to downtown are: Ghirardelli - Stop here for a free piece of chocolate and some of the best hot cocoa you've ever tasted! They also have a soda fountain and plenty of ice cream. Earl of Sandwich - The best place to get a quick service meal Downtown. Absolutely out-of-this world hot sandwiches! World of Disney - The gigantic store that sells just about every piece of merchandise sold in all of the Disney parks. If you have a Disney Visa card, you can get a discount here, so it's a good place to buy your souvenirs. Virgin Megastore - This got shut down, but I just want to mention that it was one of my favorite places there. R.I.P., oh awesome store full of movies and CDs and books and trendy things. :( Basin - This store is a clear rip-off of LUSH, with much less impressive products, but it's still fun to browse. I usually help myself to a good hand exfoliation. Basin's sister store "Basin White", which is located in the Grand Floridian Resort, has some pretty awesome products, however. Art of Disney - You can order a highly customized piece of Disney art here; it's so awesome. There's a digital catalog of hundreds of Disney artwork that you can have made into lithographs, canvas prints, posters and more. Framed or un-framed. One of my dreams is to get a HUGE custom canvas artwork from this store! Pin Traders - The largest collection of Disney pins all in one place. You can hang out with true blue pin collecting nerds here, or just take solace in the fact that any pin in all of Disney that you want can be purchased at this spot. (Good if you're looking for a really specific character.) Various other Disney shops - Yeah, they all carry the same loot as World of Disney, but they're themed and oh-so-much fun to walk through. The Christmas shop is particularly exciting - and has really adorable interior decor. There's really so much stuff to do here, I never have time to take in everything I want to enjoy after the parks close. That's why I occasionally have taken day trips here just to eat and go shopping. It's really a lot of fun, so enjoy "Disney without the rides!"
WOW has this place boomed since the last time I was here! Parking, as usual with Disney, was a hassel - but the whole area, despite being very crowded, was wonderful. The food was tasty, music and entertainment (free) were great, and the services were all fast, friendly, and efficient. Great place to go when you have some time to kill and are a little worn out from the park hopping :)
This is the perfect place to come if you want to be out late in Orlando [coming from a Northeasterner], the AMC movie theater is probably my favorite besides Virgin Megastore that is open until 1am or better.   Then of course for the people between 21-35 - Pleasure Island is just a couple minutes walk from Wolfgang Puck's, you can go and dance the night away and have some amazing drinks.   But of course this is a HUGE tourist trap and it is ALWAYS packed.  The funny thing is that I have been to Florida so many times and NEVER in a Summer month.  Late September and the Winter months and it is very busy. Free parking. Fun. Shopping.
After going to Downtown Disney in Anaheim for so long, I thought this was going to be similar but it wasn't.  This place is small and the restaurants are not as good.  It just doesn't feel like Disney property to me. Made me wish I was at the California location since it's bigger and you feel like you're on Disney property.   No huge Disney store to come and buy things.  Since I hate to shop at parks and carry bags through out the park, I figured I'd come here and do my shopping here.  BIG MISTAKE! Luckily I am going back to Epcot today and will do my shopping there before the park closes.
Holy cow is this place crowded. I was in town for a work convention and decided to check out Downtown Disney on a week night and the place was packed. This was during "off season" but really, I don't think there is an off season in Orlando. This was my first time here and as a Chicagoan, I wasn't impressed. They had the usual chain restaurants...3 hour wait at Planet Hollywood, wow, the food isn't even that good! There are a lot of stores you can browse through but all of them were so packed with people you could barely move. Maybe there is a better time to visit? Just too crowded for me. I left about an hour after arriving.
Cool place to hang out.  Shopping, eating, relaxing, drinking, etc. It is huge to walk around- I believe it has different sections to hang out at.  There are tons of people so hold on to your loved one. We visited here upon arrival and the night before we left to grab some last minute gifts. Lots of parking and it's free.
My family comes out here every so often. It is a really nice place to relax and hangout, which is kind of rare to find in Florida besides going to the beach or some generic place like the movies. They have plenty of shops available, their own McDonalds, and many fancy restaurants right there for you to eat at. They even have their own movie theater, digital rides, and have boat access to the lake, which is inside it. Pleasure Island is there at night, and theme parks are right around the corner, which makes this the place to be!
Wow! How did I not review this yet - thanks Yelp homepage! My reason for loving Downtown Disney are as follows: A) Disney World for grown ups, with crazy uber-American-touristy indulgence -- Ohh, and bars of course B) Watching my tipsy bestie get mad at children (yes at Disney) for being where "the grown folks hang out". For the past 11 years (even while in GA) I have made it a tradition to meet friends around the end of January for great drinks, average food, and badass music. That said, Downtown Disney had a special place in my heart. House of Blues JB & Friends, House of Blues Gospel Sunday Brunch, Cirque du Soleil (obviously *not* as clear headed as I could have been), and whatever that Tequila bar is called (I forget because of the multitude of Tequila varieties, of course) - I'm talking to you!
Downtown Disney to me is an enigma. You get the Disney without getting the Disney (if you know what I mean). There are plenty of Disney themed placed ti shop and plenty of restaurants to choose from but apart from that there is really nothing to do there. So if you had your fill of shopping and are not hungry there is not much else. Sure there is a movie theater and a bowling alley (combined with restaurant) but that's not really what you want when you go to Disney. You want rides and shows and more...DISNEY! This place by itself as any other shopping strip mall in the world would be great. But as a Disney location it is just....ok. Maybe it is because it is free to go to. Maybe it is something else. But downtown Disney just lacks what makes Disney feel like Disney. The Good - Lots of Restaurants and shopping The Bad - Doesn't feel like a Disney Property Would I go Back - Probably not, only if the hotel I was staying at was in the area.
This restaurant/shopping district is filled with a variety of different attractions for all ages including many themed restaurants as well as Disney souvenir shops. I came here multiple times during my family reunion trip to Orlando to explore the area a bit and was pleasantly surprised with what it had in store for me.  The strip was pretty big and had a fair amount of different stores and restaurants to check out. Some of the main attractions here include The House of Blues where you can catch really good live gigs if you're able to plan it out right, or even catch a Cirque Du Soleil show. The first time I came here was really just to peruse the different shops.  I decided to take advantage of the fairly nice weather to take a walk around.  I came across a cool designer toy store that was filled with those little "vinylmation" toys in the shape of bears.  I actually ended up picking up a few of those boxed sets based on the Toy Story theme as souvenir gifts for my friends. I came back along with my sisters and their families for lunch at the T-Rex restaurant, a neat dinosaur-themed place mostly catering to kids.  There are a ton of dining options with almost every themed restaurant you can imagine, if you're into that sort of thing. One of my favorite attractions was the massive Lego sculpture of the swamp thing; I'm pretty sure this is a huge hit amongst the kids as well. There's something for everyone in Downtown Disney, ranging from art galleries to souvenir shops to an arcade as well as a ferry ride from one end to the other.  With plenty of options for entertainment, good for groups or on your own, this place is great to spend a day and enjoy the wonderful atmosphere that only Disney knows how to provide.
What happened, pleasure island is a desolate ghetto, wolfgang pucks is now crap and everything was closed and boarded up  WTF?  Disney do you still own this? if so, tuck in your shirt and fix this mess for gods sake.  WAY better in 2008.  how can you regress.   the lego store was neat.
We didn't have time to go to a park, but wanted a disney experience so we came here. Always great to walk around. Disney knows how to do this right. Just grab dinner and walk around.
A lot bigger than LA. Disney Quest is pretty cool too.
The Disney store here is awesome!! It's humongous, clean and organized! The staff here are super friendly. They also have this dressing area for children. They doll you up into a Disney princess, it's actually quite adorable. Their plush doll selection is off the charts awesome. The only thing I didn't really like about Disney stores nowadays, their toys look so cheaply made. There's no quality or value to it anymore. I was looking for something for my 5 year old cousin and couldn't find any toy that I would imagine myself liking if I was at her age. They had a Cinderella playhouse but it looked so tacky and cheap. I could imagine it being in the garbage within just a few weeks. I guess children nowadays don't care about toys that much anymore and care more about video games or anything digital. There were plenty of other stores that I didn't have the chance to check out because I had to drive my friend to work. But the Lego store looked pretty cool. Gotta check that out next time I'm back in Orlando.
Again I wish we had a bigger downtown Disney here. So many shops, restaurants, bars, nightclubs, live shows, AMC theater... many many more. I put on that very cute Roxy jacket I just bought right away! :) Its good to bring kids to walk and play around during the day, and it's great for adults to go on date in the evening too! many restaurants to choose from, and more drinks or dancing after is even better!   Wish we had more time, we had a very fun and romantic time there, perfect date night. :)
The best in Disney Entertainment, shopping, and nightlife. I usually stop here when I want to do shopping for those folks at home at their mega World of a Disney Store. It is truly huge and has everything you can imagine from Disney World. They also have a huge Rainforest cafe set inside what looks like a volcano. Disney Quest is also located here and is the virtual theme park. It truly is a great place to "slow" down and do some shopping and dining.
So much to see, eat, take pictures of, and of course, SHOP! If you have a half day to blow like we did due to our transition from the cruise to orlando, this is a great place to spend it.
Downtown is the restaurant and shopping area at Disneyworld... from the Lego store to the Biggest disney merchandise store..to the pin traders to original art works.. if you cant find a Disney souvenir here...then there is something wrong with you... from great dining to just a sandwich to snacks to Wolfgang puck Cirque du Soleil..House of Blues... it can be a day trip all by itself
Downtown Disney was an interesting place. We had dinner at the Wolfgang Puck sit down restaurant, which was pretty good. I had the macadamia nut encrusted chicken with garlic mashed potatoes. The food was good, but the food presentation was meh. (I think I've been living in SF too long). The sangria was actually pretty amazing! After dinner, we walked around for a little bit and took some pictures. I remember Pleasure Island being a little better in terms of entertainment when I was there 10 years ago. It seemed pretty dead the night we were there with the exception of the Irish Bar, which was hoppin'. And they still have a Planet Hollywood!!! I thought those things disappeared. The stores are pretty typical of Disney. Lots of different types of stores trying to sell Disney stuff, one for art, one for Christmas, one for pins, etc. There seemed to be a lot of decent restaurants mingled into the stores, but I was so ready to get out of there and away from the crowd. The bus pickup was very organized at least. Overall, it's an ok place to hang out for an evening. The Boardwalk actually seemed to have some better nightlife.
Went for a quick view of the Festival of the Masters this weekend.  We went early to avoid the crowds and parked all the way down by Cirque.   Many of the same artists were here this year as was here last year.  Nothing new to really see.   We enjoyed lunch at the Earl of Sandwich which was packed yet only took us about 15 min to get our food. Don't let the line scare you away... it moves quick! All in all a nice afternoon checking out he art and enjoying the great weather.
A place to go and wander around food and shopping! A giant outdoor Disney mall! There are usually some sort of show/performance going on. Lego store has giant models outside Lots of "statues" to take your picture with - cinderella, mr potato head, buzz, etc etc. Lots of dining options, but if you know when you'll be there make a reservation! Can be a relaxing time in the summer!
As a whole, this can be a decent place to walk around, have a few drinks, get some dinner, and never really have to wander too far for any of it. I'm not a shopper, so the stores are meaningless to me.  With a couple of exceptions, the restaurants mostly serve mediocre to decent food, and with NO exceptions that food is overpriced. Parking is free at any time though, unlike Universal CityWalk where you'll pay to park up until something like 6pm. It's not a bad spot, but it's somewhere I'd never go without a predetermined reason, such as a concert at House of Blues or a Cirque du Soleil show.
Every year, my family and I go to Downtown Disney.  Even if we don't actually buy anything, I still like going around and walking in this cool part of town.  It can be filled with tourists, but it is never as crowded as the Disney parks. In Downtown Disney there is a giant movie theater, the Lego Store, this beautiful glassware store, and the awesome World of Disney store.  There are also several other shops (a surf shop, candy shop, etc.) and restaurants in this area.  Popular restaurants include the dinosaur one (has moving dinosaurs inside), Rainforest Cafe, the Irish one, and the Fulton Crabhouse, which is this gigantic boat on the water that serves a lot of seafood. Sometimes there are cool things happening in DD - like outdoor concerts (we saw a group of instrumentalists playing Christmas and original songs), a balloon ride, 10 feet tall walking soldiers on stilts, etc.  It's always a party here, and I really like the energy and atmosphere at DD. You can walk along the lake, and see the cool Lego sculptures around the lego store.  I love the dragon that's in the water.  Kids seem to go crazy in this area. My favorite store in DD is the glass store - they make beautiful glass pieces and jewelry and you can even see some folks making glassware right before your eyes. Don't miss The World of Disney where you can get anything Disney - they have an impressive housewares/food section as well as the Dooney and Bourke purses, and of course the kids stuff. Anyway, I always look forward to coming to DD, and you should too!
Very similar to the one in Anaheim...but much, much LARGER. Plenty of shopping, window shopping, walking, and eats.  (If you come here on any day but Friday, Saturday and Sunday...it's much more tolerable btw--less crowded!) I'm not sure if I want to deal with the eats here that much though. I had a great time looking at the shops--Disney and non-Disney related alike!
Fun shopping/dining/entertainment area of Disney World that doesn't require any entrance fees.  Just NEVER EVER EVER go on a Friday or Saturday night.  It is insanity...crowded, loud, and you'll never get a table anywhere. Check out the amazing LEGO displays and the gigantic World of Disney store.  And my favorite is the Christmas store...an entire Disney Christmas tree is a dream of mine!
I would give this place 5 stars if it was not so far from my side of town. It's a good area but can be a bit packed due to the tourists/parking area. Overall the food places is amazing (Wetzels/Earl of Sandwich, etc) and there is a lot to do here. The Lego Store rocks (been there too many times) and it's a good place to meet up with people. The fact that it's FREE to go here is a huge plus. The atmosphere is great (stores to shop/window shop), the movies (AMC) and also the famous Cirque De Soleil. The prices can be a bit steep, but if you have a free day and need to kill some time, I recommend going here with no hesitation. Besides, its DISNEY!
I love visiting this place! It's fun for people watching and fun to shop when you (ie me) have an annual passport that offers discount in all the shops. Plus I really like that the Disneyland monorail has a stop at the far end of the main drag . You can get into the park without the hassle of the main entrance. My favorities: Ralph Brennans Jazz Kitchen Jamba Juice Lego Store World of Disney store (of course!)
Unless you're here to go eat at one of the few notable restaurants or go see Cirque du Soleil, or go see a movie at AMC, Downtown Disney is rather boring. The restaurant pickings worthy of even checking out are few - Bongos, House of Blues, Wolfgang Puck. I'd only heard not so great things about Fulton's Crab House set in a steamboat-looking building.  They do have a huge Disney store where you can do your obligatory shopping for any young ones back home. And parking is free - probably the only major place around Disney where they don't charge you for parking.   Pleasure Island with a bunch of dance clubs and comedy places is connected but of course, you have to pay an admission fee for that. Bottom line: Yawn.
Perhaps I am biased toward Anaheim's Downtown Disney, but I was not as enamored by Florida's Downtown Disney.  There were a lot of stores and places to eat, but it just didn't seem as magical as I recall Downtown Disney in Anaheim.   At night there are a lot of performers and music happening all around.  However, it is still a fun place to go, especially considering it is free.
Shopping, Live Music, Dancing, Oh My! Please plan to spend a night here... its HUGE!
When you think Disney and you're in Orlando, you probably don't think shopping right away.  Especially if you're visiting from out of town.  But this is a nice little distraction from the prices you meet when you approach a gate to one of the parks.   Huge plus if you are staying at one of the resorts as well.  Catch a bus and you are there within minutes.  Can't think of anything to do while you are sitting around your hotel room, bored with going to the pool and in no hurry to spend more money, go here. I walked around this place without the thought of spending any money for hours.  Yes, this may be a shopping place, but there is so much to take in when walking through.  Whether it be the huge Lego dragon in the water or just marveling at the buildings. I did do a bit of shopping while I was here, picked up some unique little things that I know I wouldn't have found elsewhere.  I definitely suggest taking a night or maybe a whole day to check this place out.
This is a great place to hang out. There are entertainment galore from shows to movies. There is also plenty of shops for you to get your fill of Disney merchandise. If you're hungry, you've come to the right place. There are affordable options for those on a budget as well as fancy sit-down restaurants for those looking for a nice quiet dinner. There are plenty in between as well as drinking establishments. The two places that I like to dine at are: Fulton's Crab House Raglan Road Irish Pub If you're staying at any of the Disney resorts, getting here is very simple. Just step on board one of their shuttles designated for Downtown Disney. There will be shuttles taking you back to your resort once you're done with your visit.
So much to do! Everything's kind of pricey because you're on the Disney property! You probably don't care because you're most likely on vacation. Great place to hang out and people watch. At least you can do that for free.
I stayed in a hotel walking distance to Downtown Disney for the first time a few weeks ago. I loved it. There are stores, resturants, a few kid friendly rides, free entertainment, activities for the kids. I love it, I was here every night. Its hard to select a price range, because technically you can stroll through it every night and not spend $ and still be entertained.
If you are a Disney fan, this is a great place to get some shopping done and at the same time, enjoy some of the Disney World's fantasy-like environment. It has the largest Disney Store, various toy stores where the kids can play with their interactive displays, clothes stores with all types of designs and of course, a variety of different cuisine and delicacies. I took one star out of it because parking is very much of a hassle there. They have a huge parking lot but there were so many people that it can take a long time to find a spot. If you stay in one of the nearby hotels, definitely check to see if they have free shuttle to Downtown Disney. It is lots of fun for the entire family, from kids to adults. We went during the night, which I think is the best time to visit because all the light decorations are up.
B-O-R-I-N-G! I was excited to visit this area at the suggestion of family & friends and I was SO disappointed.  Maybe I set my expectations too high but the place is full of mostly stores and the few attractions they do have cost $$ and not part of any Disney vacation package you may have paid for. You'll find expensive Disney stores and restaurants here.  There were a few restaurants that peaked our interests but this area is not something we'd go out of our way to visit.  It's just about a nice area to shop.
It's the shops of Disney, a happy place (after you park your car).  The biggest and best collection of all the Walt Disney stuff you can imagine all in one place.  Everything from a Christmas store, to a pin trading post, and not to leave out food.   As expected a lot of things here are pricey, but it's Disney, it's expected I think.  I find that I don't end up buying much but passing by and looking around is fun.  Just the fact that you're away from home and stress makes it like a walk in the park. The biggest tip I can give is arrive early so you can find parking cause it becomes a zoo as the day progresses.
Just went to Downtown Disney to meet friends. The Downtown Disney is always fun and as many mentioned a lot of things are actually for free, but do bring your valet anyway.  The place being Disney knows how to help you out of some cash :-) Bunch of stores, movie theater, Cirque de soleil, House of Blues and other restaurants and bars, ... you don't wanna miss it. I used to love to sit and relax in the cafe over the Virgin store and watch the people down on the street sipping on great cappuccino but Virgin store is gone now.
Came out for a show at the House of Blues Saturday night. They've added a ton of new places. Still same big names with big prices, but lots of new things to check out. Great for people watching, too.
Such good place to eat shop and explore Disney for what it offers, one of my favorite places to go and see again.
One of my favorite places in Disney World, There's a House of Blues, and Feugo's Cigar, Wine and Spirits bar, Planet Hollywood, and an AMC Movie Theater The largest Disney store I've ever seen, there is everything include here, office supplies, home goods, clothing, toys and even a studio to turn little girls (of all ages) into Disney Princesses of any desire. One of my favorite places in Disney World A Ghirardelli Chocolate bar with freshly made chocolate waffle cones, and bowl.  A smoked turkey leg stand and Pretzel Pretzel.  Fulton Crab House boat sits upon the lake that surrounds the area.  There's also a Lego store that makes me wish I had any of the artistic abilities with Legos that these employees have. Broken up into 3 parts, Disney Marketplace, Pleasure Island, and Westside. One of my favorite places in Disney World.
If you want to buy souvenirs, you should do it here. They have a huge shopping area filled with every souvenir they sell in the parks but the bonus is you don't have to lug it around with you while you ride the rides all day. It's great for a half day or if you need a break from the craziness of the Disney parks. There is a lot to do in the area, you can even rent boats and take them out on the water. Or just ride the ferry across the island for free.
Nice shops.  Kids loved the LEGO store.  Has a little bit for everyone there. Good restaurants also.
We did this on the first night after flying in because... well, jet lag. I thought I had come here as a teenager but upon entering, I realized that I had never been there before. It's an interesting place -- almost a great way to start the Disney experience since it's not too intense. There's a lot of people, a lot of things to do, and there are drinks to be had. I got my pin trading collection started here before I entered the parks, which was nice. Plus I got to see D-Street for all it's glorious Vinylmations. Not to mention, enjoy a bite to eat before picking my first cigar (hey now, my brother picked the first cigar I smoked... not quite the same) and got to enjoy parts of Disney without being in any of the four parks. The free parking is also nice. It's a good experience but if you're tolerant of high crowds or... ah.. drunk people, then you might not want to stick around for long.
Full of nice shops filled to the brim with people and merchandise covered with Disney logos. The Lego store is a big hit for kids. The Ghirardelli one gives out samples of chocolate all day and night, so make sure you go there. There's also a place at the dock where you can rent boats/water spritzers that go to Port Orleans and back. Really nice.
The only downside to Downtown Disney is the crowds of people, but really you can't penalize Disney for that.  Despite the hoards of visitors parking wasn't too bad and getting around was fine.  The atmosphere is classic Disney: over the top without seeming like it at all.  It puts a smile on your face just walking around and taking in the vibe.
Downtown Disney was a very convenient 5 minute walk from our hotel, the Wyndham on Lake Buena Vista. DTD has it all: restaurants for all price points, live entertainment, stuff for the kiddies, a bowling alley, movie theater and tons of shops. I really enjoyed  coming here the night when we arrived. It gave us something to do without getting too exhausted for our adventure the next day. We dined at Bongos, walked around, did some people watching, enjoyed a live cover band on the lawn, let the kiddo run around in the Disney store and of course, rode the choo-choo! Definately a must when visiting Walt Disney World.
This place is just a ton of souvenir shops and overpriced restaurants. I guess its an ok way to burn a little time, but there really isnt anything to do other than waste money. Also, they got rid of all the bars/clubs here and at pleasure island....way to give older people LESS to do.
Downtown Disney is a lot of fun! You won't need to block out a whole day here, but worth seeing if you're over/need a break from the theme parks. Plenty of restaurants-Planet Hollywood, Rainforest Cafe, Mc Donald's Entertainment-Cirque du Soleil, House of Blues, AMC theater Cool shopping-a magnet store, lego store, plenty of Disney merchandise, and the Virgin store is awesome
Man I wish there was one of these near Chicago! Such a fun place to walk around, take pics, snack, buy trinkets, and eye candy watch. The place is lit up and springs to life at night for an adult playground... The restaurant choices are plentiful for all sorts of appetites.  That includes something for the sweet tooth too! If you're a people watcher like me, then this is your Mecca!
Very awesome and I will be back again and again. Love everything about this place.
Our family use to hit Downtown Disney during our trips to Walt Disney World.  We had a lot of fun over the years; buying monorail sets, playing at Disney Quest, transforming into a princess, spotting new Lego creations and just having fun strolling around. It's a little different for us now.  We now live in Orlando and our kids have grown from toddlers to teens.  Downtown Disney has changed as well.  You'll no longer find the night clubs on Pleasure Island.  Instead you will see that Disney has been paving the way for more shops and such.  I like the changes.  It gives us another local shopping option that appeals to the whole family. What I love about going to downtown Disney is you can have fun no matter how much you spend.  There are deals such as happy hour at the House of Blues and inexpensive goods at Market Place fun Finds.  There is plenty if free entertainment with performances on the Waterfront stage, the nightly DJ Dance Party and musicians scattered throughout Downtown. Of course there are many ways to spend lots of money as well! With Entertainment, specialty stores, restaurants, performers, and more; Downtown Disney is a great place to visit day or night.
I hit downtown Disney every time I go to Disney World. I love the whole idea of it. It's an awesome place to grab a bite to eat, shop, or go see a show. Also, house of blues is an awesome venue to catch your favorite band! Yes it can get a little pricey and you do have to deal with crowds, but if you see beyond that you'll love it . I recommend you have reservations on a weekend if you're looking to eat cause the wait times are usually HUGE. But if you're in Disney and looking to have some fun or kill time check it out. The best thing is that they have buses and boats that take you to and from Downtown!
This is a great spot to do a little bit of everything. There's lots to do! Eat, Drink, Shop, Watch a movie and more! One of my fav places to grab a snack is Dublin and Cookes to get their garlic and Parmesan chips. For something sweet, Gharadelli has the best sundaes! Its a place where you can bring your out of town guests for entertainment.
I think I'm finally ready after returning from vacation in Disney to be able to write some reviews!   I really needed a vacation from vacation!   You like to shop and want more of the same Disney stuff to be able to buy that you can in about 60% of the park?  Then come to Downtown Disney which also throws in some specialty stores like the Lego store (see my review!) There are some other restaurants here, too, along with other large sections.  I was only at the Marketplace which was enough for me. Crowded!
Argh, parking at Downtown Disney is ALWAYS a pain!!!  But it's Disney so I guess it's worth the wait sometimes.  Once you get a parking and get into downtown disney, the pain does go away!   I really like the market side because it is so beautiful there.  They have the biggest shop there called World of Disney, but be careful, you can get lost in there! I also really like Earl's sandwich, but the line is sooo long all the time!  After lunch, I hop over the dessert place to grab a smores. Oh yum!!! You need to check out the art store that next to Rain Forest Cafe!  As well as the Christmas shoppes!  Those are some of my favorite stores!   Warning: There are a lot of people!  Keep those little ones close to you at all times!
A great place to walk around, but parking can be a pain... unless you're willing to hike it.  If you have time, take the riverboat cruise to the Port Orleans hotels (you don't have to get off).  Its free, and relaxing. Plenty of things to do, and depending on the time of day, it can be real crowded!
When you've done everything else, come here! Raglan Road, Pin Traders, etc., will help you kill a day!
I really love DTD they have everything shops, food, entertainment. You can spend hours there. My favs were lego world, christmas shop, portobello a really nice italian restaurant thats just some of the places. You must come check this place out give yourself a couple hours and an a empty stomach!
I enjoy walking around downtown Disney!  Lots of stores, restaurants, bowling, bars, and entertainment for all ages and tastes.  I love the LEGO displays, and they change periodically, too!  I've eaten at Fulton's Crab House and Raglan Road Irish Pub, both super delicious!  After all the times I've been to Downtown Disney, I just recently discovered the Pin-Traders store and thought it was so neat kids (and adults) can trade with any cast member anywhere on Disney property at any time.  Some are worth a lot of money, too!  Parking can be a hassle, but it is free, so definitely a bonus!
Very clean and lots of fun. Don't think you should skip this just because it is not a park! Believe me, there is plenty to see, and I wish we had made more time to check it out!  Especially at night. There are performers, shops, great food, it's just a great place! We even found some souvenirs I couldn't find in the park! Make sure you have time here!  It's awesome! Everyone is friendly.  It's huge! The special events are fun too! check out what's going on before you come and plan accordingly!
All in all this place is probably an ok stop if you're a tourist with kids and will come here once and never again. There's lots of shops like the Lego store, The Disney Store and Giradhelli's chocolates (they have free samples, go for that, the rest is overpriced). Plus all the big, overpriced, low quality chain restaurants like The Rainforest Cafe, Wolfgang Pucks, T-Rex and Cocobongo's. Two big pluses that earned them the 4th star from this dame are FREE PARKING (although the lots are super full) and FREE Street entertainment all along the stroll!! On a side note, parents...WATCH YOUR KIDS!!!!
Great stores. A lot of restaurants. There's something to do for anyone of any age.
A GREAT PLACE TO EAT, WALK AND SHOP PLUS TO SEE A MOVIE.  The parking is free and so is the entrance, the attraction is packed with everything including a cinema , and circus Sole. There is plenty of free parking and good restaurants for every pocketbook and taste. I spent 5 hours walking around and enjoying the local sites. If you are alone or with your family it is a great place to spend an evening while you are in the area, You can count that everyone will be happy at the happiest place on earth and also get a beer doing it too. Tip, go in the evening or before a trip to the Magic Kingdom  because you will walk and walk which is not a bad thing for most people.
Downtown Disney is awesome.  This place is what I call a mall outside.  It has shopping, dining, and attractions and you can spend a day here by itself.  You must stop here even if you are not going to Disney.  There are shows and many places to eat. One of the favorite shops that my fiance liked was the Pearl Factory where you can pick a oyster and cut it open and get the pearl and have it put in any setting.  My favorite part besides the giant pin traders tent was the candy store.  Who doesnt love candy.  You must stop by Downtown Disney.
It's Downtown Disney.  Do I need to say anything else?  Everything they do is grandiose:-)  They have anything you are looking for.  If it's just you and the girls, or you and the guys,  you can go to the House of Blues for drinks, live music and socializing.  If it's the entire family,  there are themed restaurants that everyone will enjoy, like the Rainforest Cafe.  You can even have a full meal and a drink at the bar in the AMC movie theatre.  If it's date night, there is always Cirque Du Soleil.  Whenever I go, the customer service has always been impeccable.  Again, it's Disney. They got whatever you need....as long as you got the money honey.
Im going to say it again, Disney in Ca. is better.  Although this Downtown Disney is on the water front, it was just a hassle to get here by bus (about a 35 minute bus ride coming from the Wilderness Lodge).  I would say the only cool thing about this Downtown Disney is that he houses the worlds largest Disney Store.  Other than that, I dont think I would want to come back.
While I've never been during the day, at night Downtown Disney predictably skews between the adult/parent age and the child age, with more 20-somethings than should be congregating in the area and mass amounts of construction not distracting anyone from spending more money at Disney properties.
I'm from California and have had a season pass to Disneyland for years. Several of our friends have been to Disney World and advised us to skip it. Downtown Disney in Anaheim is a great place to hang out we figured the same would be true in Florida =) What we noticed is how many great interactive items they have on display throughout the area. Super cool, you can take pictures with Buzz or skeletons from Pirates of the Caribbean. They also had really awesome Lego displays near the store (Loch ness monster in the water and the prince and dragon from Sleeping Beauty). Basically a great place to hang out, grab a meal, shop and have a great time. If you skip Disney World be sure to hit the ginormous Disney store.
Spent the day here while waiting to play the HOB. Honestly I was not as impressed as I thought I would be. The one in Anaheim seemed bigger to me, and with more options. Unless for whatever reason I missed a big chunk of it, but I did walk from Cirque all the way through to where the Irish Pub was at the end of Pleasure Island. And, here's something a little different as well. You are a MILE away from Disneyworld. I like that DD butts right up to Disneyland because it makes a great place to get away for an hour or two if you are "parked" out. I ate food at Bongo's, which was just ok, and only reasonably priced because I ordered off the lunch sandwich menu. One plus this place has over it's west coast counterpart is that it's on the water, which is beautiful. I hope to come back sometime and actually get to enjoy the parks as well.
Downtown Disney is the shopping/restaurant district associated with the Disney theme parks, and there is plenty of stuff here to do. There is limited nightlife activity here (or so I've heard) but for us who like to come out in the daytime, this place is the best! The Good: Plenty of shopping: This place has so many cool places to explore, from a 2-story uber-Disney store to the Lego Imagination center, there is so much to do and explore here that it just might take up your entire day! Fun Restaurants: This place has plenty of cool places to eat including the Rainforest Cafe and a new place being built called the T-Rex cafe (with a build a bear inside!) Stuff to do: If shopping and eating aren't your thing, you can always play games at the DisneyQuest park or catch trhe Cirque du Soleil. Add all this good stuff to free parking on Sunday mornings and uncrowded walkways, and you've got yourself a weekend escape! Good stuff! Overall 10/10= Downtown fun!
Yesterday, on a Christmas present mission, I headed to Disney's Marketplace to see if they had what I was looking for--golf balls with Mickey's face on them.  I wasn't sure if I had to pay for parking but was happy to find that it's free of charge.  And although it was a weekday, the lot filled up quickly so you may want to go early if you would like to find a spot close to the stores.  I stayed solely in the Marketplace but can say that the other parts of Downtown Disney are worth checking out if you've never been. Tourists and natives alike were shopping and seemingly enjoying their time there.  Christmas music was being piped throughout the grounds and each store was decked out for the holidays.  Most stores were offering sales marking certain items down 40%.  The employees I encountered were all very friendly and truly wanted to help me on my quest.  I was directed to the Sport's store and was able to purchase exactly what I needed.  They were pricey though.  For a set of 12 golf balls it was $32.  I suppose you are paying for the novelty of having Disney characters but comparatively that's a bit high.   Overall, it was an enjoyable experience that left me very pleased I live near the land of the Mouse.
Downtown Disney has evolved in all the years that it's been open, and i've never been happier to know about the upcoming parking garage! It's well organized and centralized, but the parking needs some serious work.  That's pretty much the only downfall.  You can do all sorts of fun things at downtown disney, such as go on a boat, eat inside themed restaurants, or just shop in the trendy, disney shops.  I love it, and always make an effort to stop when going to Disney.
It's Disney.  Fun area with lots of shops, entertainment and restaurants.  Plenty of activities as well.  Movies, bowling and shows.
Downtown Disney was a great distraction, AND it's free to go there! Yes, it's cheesy and touristy, but then again, what part of Disney isn't? One thing that did bother me, however, is that you can't buy any of the Disney movies anywhere in Downtown! Strange, right? I loved just walking around and exploring. And the big Disney store is a lot of fun. There are so many restaurants to try and things to see! Had a great time exploring, and would come back for sure.
Lots of places to EAT, SHOP and HANG OUT. They're open until 1am!  GOTTA check out World of Disney for all your souvenir shopping! The only bad this is that it's so hard to find bathrooms here!  The lego demonstration are SO AWESOME!  There's a dragon in the water! Love it here!  We've gone back to dine and hang out after the parks.
Downtown Disney is almost like being in a park. You can go through all the shops and get an idea of what it is like to be in the park. There are people everywhere, so be prepared to get nudged. There are tons of photo opportunities outside of the stores, I took a photo with Buzz LIghtyear statue, a dragon coming out of the water, and the cool T.REX in the new restaurant that replaced Rainforest cafe. You can spend a fortune here if you are not careful as the toys are all at full price. A small pooh bear was about 13 dollars, and a package of Toy Story miniatures was 13 as well. What not to miss? The Raglan Road Irish restaurant. The dancing and music is beautiful. You will love the atmosphere at this place and stay for hours!
It's kind of like a shopping center but more spread out.   The worthwhile places to go: - World of Disney: largest selection of disney stuff, including shops in the magic kingdom - Legoland: I'm not a big fan of lego, but they have these HUGE lego statues outside the store that are pretty amazing.  We saw a huge dinosaur, a lego family complete with two (or was it three) dogs, a transformer-like thing, and a few underwater critters - Earl of Sandwich: if you're hungry and NOT in the mood for McDonald's, this is a good option
If you are looking for a place to just hangout and enjoy then this is the place for you. If you want to experience Disney without the parks come here. Food is good, entertainment is fun, the stores give you a lot to do. Relax and walk around leisurely. Parking is amazing here. If you go to the parks park here and then bus on in.
From opening, to close ... This place is CRACKING!!! Bring the FAM BAM or BRING YOUR LADY FRIENDS! Nice strip of bars to get your whistle wet ... Nice strip of food spots to get your grub on... and Nice strip of shopping spots to get your souvenir shop on! Parking is FREE If you stay at the local resorts, check to see if they have a shuttle service ... They do drop off and pick ups here ...
Great service ! Switched sides that's weren't really an option for me so I could have carbs before my race tomorrow. Great fun atmosphere, decent prices for Disney.
Great restaurant for the kids....adults may be disappointed with the food. I took some clients here as a break from the monotony of "serious" restaurants and was happy to see a Surf & Turf option of Steak and Shrimp. A couple of us ordered this meal (*which was not cheap at $25 a plate) and were unimpressed with the way our steak was over-cooked and the lack of original flavor. Good experience for the family and kids, but don't expect to find any good cuisine hidden on the menu.
Great place to spend the afternoon. You should do all your shopping in here instead of in the parks. The world of Disney is huge and they also have other stores like sports Disney and the One with Christmas decorations and pin trading
There are three parts to this:  West Side, Marketplace and Pleasure Island.  Coming here just once is good enough.   My daughter went wild in Marketplace.  She wanted (me) to buy everything.  A word of caution, things here are not really that cheap. West Side is also filled with shops (not quite kid-alluring), AMC, Cirque and Disney Quest ($43 to get in). Pleasure Island is dead during the day time.
Visiting Orlando is great even if your not visiting a Disney Park. Downtown Disney offers entertainment for everyone free shows in the out door theater, there is a movie theater, outdoor music, great food experiences (most are one of a kind and you will not find anywhere else in the world), shops for you and the kiddos, it is one place you can relax, have a drink, chill with friends or even people watch from the out door seating ( several great locations). It's a super concentrated amount of things to do and set in a awesome location.
My friends went there in May 2013. I love Downtown Disney. There are so many shops with souvenirs and yummy food such. There's live music at one of the pubs. A bit pricey, buy hey, it's Disney! This place is great for kids and adults.
Downtown Disney is free in the sense that you don't have to pay for parking, or to look around, go into some really cool stores with exhibits (like Legoland and Trex), or even take a boat ride from one end to the other.  However, there are plenty of overpriced souvenirs, restaurants, and things to do like Cirque du Soleil to empty your bank account.  After going to ICE! a couple miles away, we enjoyed walking around, being tourists, and even managing to get away without spending any money and a free sample of Ghiradelli chocolate to boot.  If it had not been raining, I would have been tempted to take a ride in the hot air balloon.
This place is okay. There's not a whole lot going on outside of the shops, making it just a shopping place with higher prices and niche name brands.
It's a good afternoon place to get away from the parks and souveneir shop.   HOWEVER if you are over 21 the real magic is in the nightlife here where you can go to a number of clubs and enjoy an adult beverage.
Lots of things to see Disney related. Restaurants are great, area is clean and very busy with people. Parking was free and organized (despite construction of much needed parking garage) in typical Disney fashion. Staff are friendly and helpful.
Downtown Disney offers Disney-fied entertainment, goods, and experience, without the incredibly high theme park prices. It is practically free if all you do is walk around to take in the environment. There are three sections to Downtown Disney and you can spend an entire day going from one end to the other if you have never been before and are extremely curious in nature. MARKETPLACE It has all the Disney-themed shops. World of Disney is the largest store with the most variety, but there are more specialized shops available as well. TrenD has more of the stylish articles of clothing and accessories, including purses and wallets by Doonie & Burke. Mickey's Pantry has a larger collection of useful items for your kitchen and also recipe books. Team Mickey has sports-related clothing, accessories, and souvenirs. There are also stores that are "outside" of the Disney realm such as LEGO Imagination Center, Basin, and littlemissmatched. These are just a few of the shops that are located in the Marketplace section. If you get hungry, you have several restaurant options, including Earl of Sandwich (which I highly recommend), Wolfgang Puck Express, and if you're more in the mood for dessert, Ghirardelli. PLEASURE ISLAND The mid-section houses mainly restaurants and shops that aren't Disney-related. It used to be the "adult" section of Downtown Disney, but it has since been reformed to be more family friendly. Admittedly, I have not spent a considerable amount of time in this section due to my lack of interest in what is offered, but I am hoping to try the different restaurants on a more regular basis soon. WEST SIDE I miss the mere existence of the Virgin Megastore that used to be present in this section. I would often simply walk around for hours without purchasing anything. And I'm sure there were countless others who did the same. And therein lies the reason they closed down. Darn! Soon, the expanse space that has been left mostly empty will be replaced with an upscale bowling alley called Splitsville. The West Side has, surprise surprise, even more restaurants! Celebrity-owned restaurants such as Planet Hollywood (though this might arguably be in Pleasure Island) and Bongo's live here, and are in my opinion only mediocre yet necessary for a tourist spot. I often find myself in this area for concerts at House of Blues, and have occasionally also be entertained by Cirque du Soleil: La Nouba, DisneyQuest, and the AMC Theaters which offers the Fork & Screen option as well as the new sound system, Dolby Atmos. WHY I COME HERE A LOT Honestly, I am at Downtown Disney a lot to get souvenirs for friends and family who get excited that someone can get Disney stuff for them easily. Also, it's a bit of a pin trading heaven with plenty of cast members wandering around with their cast lanyards, and the large pin store at Marketplace. There are also plenty of events that take place in this area, with my favorite being the Festival of the Masters. The chalk art is just amazing. I wish they would leave them around longer instead of washing them off as soon as the festival is over.
we had about half a day left to spend in orlando before catching our flight home.   this is a very good hangout spot.  its like the theme park minus the parking fees, park entrance fees, and rides. good to walk around in the day time or night time.  plenty of things to do here!  there's a movie theatre to catch a late night movie if you arent too tired from the theme park.  plenty of places to dine at.  They even have a cirque du soleil show!  if i had more time, i would have definitely watched it. =(
Great place to catch a movie, have a meal and shop! Love the interesting jewelry at the Something Silver store. Really nice Aritoli pieces and beautiful one of a kind cuff bracelets by Caroline Rocha. The little art gallery Pog store has an excellent collection of Jasmine Becket-Griffith art. Made a couple visits and bought unique items. Also, in case you missed it in the theme parks, pick up Disney and Universal items. For kids the T-Rex restaurant is great. Live entertainment.  Very cool stop.
This place is awesome. It can be congested in certain areas with a ton of ignorant people, but you just learn not to try and move out of their way (the more you move, the more they will keep moving at you until you're against something. then they'll still push into you). The people watching, food and shopping here is great though
I'm quite anxious to see and hear what Disney has in store for the renovation of Downtown Disney. My first visit here was 15 years ago and it hasn't changed too much since then. Lots of places for dining, shopping, and of course there's Ghirardelli! We were here the night before St. Patrick's Day and it was absolutely packed. We headed back the following Friday during the day and it was lovely. We were able to wander and shop and enjoy all the area offers...especially Basin!
I LOVE Downtown Disney!  Great for shopping, walking around and getting some drinks!  They're opening a bowling alley over there soon, too!  I can't wait for that!  I like to get beers at Cookes of Dublin and I love the Cigar Bar!  Wolfgang Pucks has great food too!  The shops are so much fun!  It's just a great way to walk around and spend a day without paying any kind of park admission and still get that great Disney feel!
I spent a few hours here at Downtown Disney on my recent trip to Florida. Upon entry into this place, we were hit with all those little stores.  The Christmas store was really cute, and it's a good place to get a Disney park ornament if you put up a Christmas tree every year.  There was even a $10 and under store that looked exactly like what you'd picture a $10 and under store to look like.  There was a Lego store, but I liked the Lego sculptures better.  The other stores were mainly Disney stores you see all over the parks.  I went to a candy store here with a $50 Mickey Mouse rice crispy cake that looked way bootleg. So the first half of Downtown Disney was pretty modern and cool..until you walk to the back where weird Pleasure Island is.  I know that they are undergoing some down time, but even in the day time, it was very depressing and weird. Too much space, too many lame stores. Then we headed over to that Disney Quest place because the hotel gave us a free pass (worth $40 admission),  This place I totally hated for some reason.  Maybe the fact that I'm not 10 years old could be a reason or maybe I just took in too much sun at this point....But basically it's a 4 floor arcade with different themes like "design" and "sports".   In my opinion, I don't think you should go to Disneyworld to waste time at a super arcade. Front half = cool and fun, cute stores, good food that's different from the parks. Back half = has-been "cool" spot
This place is fun to walk around and has some neat shops.   Most of the restaurants are average though.  There is just so much more they could do with this place to make it amazing.  Also, people are always smoking in random places, the bathrooms and ground are always dirty.
Not my favorite place to be during tourist season. We wen today just for fun. @Tarajroth and I decided we would be brave and check it out. Especially since soon they will be revamping the whole area. We walked around a lot. Started in the Cirque side and walked all the way down to Earl of sandwich. What a mess that was. Too many people out there. I didn't blame them. The weather was great. Gorgeous day to be out and enjoy this cool breeze. But too much for me. We went in to eat and look at some art pieces and we were outta there. Best thing in this place is Bongos Express and their Cortadito. : )
Great place to meet up for lunch or drinks on the Disney property without paying theme park admission. Nightlife isn't that prominent, but shopping and dining options are numerous!
Our first night here we had to head to Shades of Green at Downtown Disney (due to a screw up on the pre-order of our tickets).  ANYHOO we were exhausted from the plane trip and not to mention, car trip, so ANOTHER journey was not what we were looking forward to so soon.  Lol  We took the bus and the driver was kind enough to direct us to where we needed to be at.  Once we got into the swing of things we started to wake up a bit.  We were tourists at our prime!!  Wide-eyed-full-of-energy-wanting-to-look-at-every-­single-crack-and-crevice-take-a-picture until-there-was-no-more-room-on-the-memory-card tourists!  Definitely fun and I wish I had known that Cirque du Soleil was performing there otherwise, I would've gotten a ticket for that show ahead of time.
I loved walking around Downtown Disney. I'm glad we made it here and spent some time walking throughout the promenade. At first I thought it would be only Disney-themed shops and stores, but was pleasantly surprised to find a movie theater, bowling ally, AFFORDABLE clothing stores, etc. We had already eaten in the theme park, but I wish I had saved room for some of the restaurants and bars here. Every section of this place was lively - with a bunch of different bands outside and on patios of restaurants. I could have spent a lot more time here.
What can I say!!!  I love this place.  It is ideal for all our Disney shopping.  It has amazing eateries for all budgets and tastes.  Now under some major renovation. Pleasure Island will become Hyperion Wharf with even more shopping and restaurants.
downtown disney is a decently fun and cheap way to kill some time. we were there in February so it was not crowded at all and some places were not even open. i wasn't really in the mood for shopping and we didn't have much room in the suitcases for souvenirs anyway so we were mostly window shopping, people watching and goofing around. there are a lot of cool stores, definitely something for everyone. and there were some restaurants that were open. we ended up going to the raglan road irish pub. it was really authentic on the inside but we sat on the patio. it was too windy for the hot air balloon but the free water taxi that took us back to where our car was a nice way to finish the day.
The good:  variety of shops and eateries, less busy than Epcot.  Liked the Irish shop and bar.  Its free. The bad:  more overpriced Disney with lots of walking. Not much to do but shop.
Downtown DIsney, as stated in the many other reviews, is a flat-out tourist trap. And it is also a LOT of fun with a lot of options, depending on what you're looking to do. It is broken down into three areas, The Westside, The Marketplace, and Pleasure Island. I believe Pleasure Island used to be only for 21 and up, and you had to pay a cover charge to get in. Not anymore, all three areas are wide open for anyone to walk through. Although I did see a few bars, there aren't really anymore nightclubs, and it's more family friendly, as I saw a LOT of kids and families walking through, even later at night. The area is basically nothing but restaurants and shopping, with a few other establishments thrown in. For the chain restaurants, look for Planet Hollywood and House of Blues. Wolfgang Puck has a few restaurants, and there's also the T. Rex, and a few other high end places. For shopping, there's a ton of Disney stores spread out throughout the area, with candy stores and tobacco stores mixed in. There's even a Cirque du Soleil show and virtual theme park! My girlfriend and I went here the other weekend. We had planned on spending the evening at Epcot, but a nasty thunderstorm switched our plans, and we decided to go out to Downtown Disney, as it's open later. We took the bus from our hotel (free) to Downtown Disney (free), and had a lot of fun! We got a margarita after walking in, and since you're allowed to carry drinks with you as you walk around, we went window shopping, watched some of the free entertainment (there were some jazz bands playing in the center of the marketplace), and looked at all the menus of the restaurants to decide where to eat. We ended up eating, then doing some bar hopping and enjoying a few drinks. Overall, I hadn't planned on going to Downtown Disney, but was pleasantly surprised as it put a nice cap on a great Disney weekend. The place is free, there's lots to do if you're with your family, or with friends. It's certainly not worthy of spending an entire day there, but if you're looking for a nice, fun, relaxing night out, this is definitely your place. Especially if you're staying at a Disney resort, since you can get here free using the Disney buses. Definitely worth a stop.
I dunno, I have to go against the grain here. Let's face it, yes - it's free, but all Downtown Disney is, is a bunch of expensive trinket stores and overpriced restaurants. There's really no point of going here, except to say that you did it. It's a cool place to walk around at least, and it has free parking. Just make sure you don't do it in the summer, or you'll be sweating buckets.
You simply have to go to downtown Disney, it's amazing and will leave you with some amazing memories. Going along with all the goods it has to offer and the memorabilia that you can leave with, you will never be left not knowing what to do. You will not be left disappointed!
Anytime I'm down in Orlando and near Disney, I like to stop here for a few hours. It's fun walking around and of course there are lots of overpriced Disney stores throughout. For the kids, there are places where they can splash in the water, go on a carousel ride, or even ride a little train. In addition to retail stores, you'll also find some restaurants and other little eatery places. They also have a stage here just outside the World of Disney store and often times you will see kids from various schools performing here. It's a fun place to hang out and if you or your kids simply need a break from the theme parks, consider coming here for a few hours.
Wow! This place is full of cool shops and places to eat and things to look at! Even though you're looking up this review for some reason I'm sure you already knew that! It's fun!
Great place to come on a weekend and enjoy a movie or go to a club or even just to walk around and get some fresh air. There is plenty to do here and plenty to eat just have  passions it  can be busy at times.
Had really fun walking around. The legos are awesome. Pleasure Island is not all the great as everyone makes it out to be. If you're planning on eating dinner here, plan on spending a lot.
Once upon a time in Downtown Disney adults would go to Pleasure Island to get drunk and or party hardy nightlife it. ( But hey that was the 80's in a nutshell huh? ) Not soooooo anymore. All the bars have closed in Pleasure island and what is left is what I can only compare maybe to our Glendale Westgate but Disneyfied? Not exactly the same but that is a great description for my AZ peeps. They have tons of cool stores, art boutiques, a balloon ride, an interactive, indoor Disney techie attraction, AMC 24, and a few celebrity and or mainstream restaurants like; Wolfgang Pucks, T-REX, and Rainforest Cafe. Although I did not go into this one attraction, they had some type of indoor build your own race car display or ride. ( Extra admission required for that and the Disney Quest attraction)     DD has every store or merchandise you can imagine for your Disney fix. OMG, the World of Disney store is insane? It is like a Mall for Disney. They also have a build a bear type store but all for Disney dolls. I liked the Goth, Pop Art stores and the Christmas store. I giggled in the Toy Story store that had an entire showroom of Mr. Potato head accessories for sale.  The Goofy Candy Factory is fun! The Lego displays at the Lego store are amazing! The lil ones will enjoy eating at T-Rex restaurant. (Kind of like Rainforest cafe but for Dinosaurs. Ya know with the dinos moving and roaring and all)   Downtown Disney has tons of unique shopping and a cool boat ride around the lake! It is a fun, free admission Disney afternoon. If you want a more mellow, smaller, non stressed Disney day that you can actually do in one visit without feeling like you ran a marathon. Why not check it out.
Great option if you haven't gotten enough Disney by the time the parks close, I believe most stores close around 12pm.  Extensive souvenir options at World of Disney (and a open year round holiday store!).  Earl of Sandwich for a cheap meal.  And check out the Disney inspired Lego sculptures!
We had a nice time. there are a lot of restaurants and shopping... lots and lots of shopping.. parking is horrible!
Downtown Disney is a great place, filled with unique stores and yummy restaurants.  It's best at nighttime.  It's fun to take a pleasant waterside stroll through the complex.  Check it out!
Excellent location to spend a great time with family and kids.
We came here the first day we were in Orlando.  If you have only been to Downtown Disney at Disneyland, you are in for a huge surprise.  First of all there is a map.  Second they have two bus stops and a boat that will take you from one end to the other.  But there are lots of fun shops, and great restaurants.  One of my favorite is the Lego store because they have giant sculptures made from legos. There was a sea serpent, a larger than life replica of Lego Prince Phillip slaying Malificent as a dragon and Buzz and Woody falling with style.  I've eaten at Planet Hollywood, Raglan Road and gotten a sundae from Ghirardelli.  My parents spent waaaaay too long in the Mickey's kitchen store smelling tea and spice rubs.  Also, it's the only place at WDW were you can smoke without being in a smoking section.
Been going to Downtown Disney for as long as I can remember. The fact that parking is free and it doesnt take 20 minutes to walk to the entrance (like Universal's Citywalk) has always appealed to me. Although Disney is trying to re-vamp the area, a lot of the places are the same... its getting a little chronic but is always a place we stop by to check out when we're in town. Ghiradellis is top notch!
Oh man I wasn't the biggest Disney fan till I went to this place. They have just about everything you could ever want outside of a car dealership. "Hint" lol Every time we visit Orlando we come here and enjoy hanging out. Good food, great shops, and a movie theater that rocks. If you ever in Orlando try them out. Only real issue here is the parking. Tourist clog it all up and it can be really hard to find a spot.
We went here every New Year's Eve to see the fireworks.  Parking is hard to come by at that time so make sure you go early.  We had to keep driving and halt in the middle of the road when fireworks began.  The lake is beautiful and the stores around are interesting.  I liked Lego the best.  I still have pictures of their huge construction projects that depicted different world capitals and the lego family outside.  Restaurants are very expensive here in the $20 range but there is a McDonald's too.
Cool place, but wish it were a bit more spread out.  Very crowded, so crowded you could hardly walk.  Lots to see and do, the kids loved it.  You have to go...but once is enough.  Some great bars and restaurants on the property.
If you've been to Universal Studios' City Walk, this is Disney's version.  It's a large, comfortable walking area of shops, restaurants, bars, and other entertainment, set on a small lake.  The crowd's lively throughout the day, but is even more so at night.  There's sporadic but very good live music throughout the area.  Also for the kids on hot days, there're fountains and a spitting sign to play in at one end.
It's pretty fun. Has some bars in the back area, and has a lot of souvenir shops in the front area. It's disney so expect to pay money for everything. Makes you feel as if you are reliving some of your childhood.
I love DTD. It's such a cute place to walk around on a summer night. Best times are during the week because weekends can get a little crazy. I love being able to get a coffee and just stroll around, or do a movie and dinner then drinks.. or see a band at House of Blues.  The holidays are fun there too because it's always decorated. It is very touristy - of course - but I like the vibe. It's fun and cute. It is a great place to meet up with friends for an evening of.. "what should we do?" where you never really end up doing anything, but walk around, talk, eat.. drink...  talk more..
A lot to do here! There is a large Disney store, World of Disney, that is the best place to do Disney shopping. The Lego store is cool, there's usually entertainment, and there are plenty of places to grab a drink. Be ready for crowds though.
Perhaps the 3 stars is unfair, as there is currently a huge construction project going on right now.....  Everything from a huge parking garage to tall wooden walls everyday so you can't see what the heck is being built?   If you want to just walk around while waiting for over an hour for a table at the few restaurants, be my guest?  This review is being written on a Monday night during the last week of October.....  I'd hate to see what a weekend night looks like! T-Rex wait = 1 hour.....uh  nope Wolfgang Puck's?  No wait and the flat iron steak was pretty good and so was the rotisserie chicken along with the service from Mike.
My boyfriend and I came here 4 out of the 5 days that we stayed in Orlando. There are so many areas, we were unable to get the most of it all in just one visit. There is something there for everyone: about 6? restaurants, shows, MANY souvenir shops, a Virgin Music store, and even an AMC theater. Each time we went, we were able to do something different: watch the La Nouba show, eat at the Rainforest Cafe, window shop, and watch the new released movie, "You Don't Mess With The Zohan". Keep in mind all the stores don't sell anything different than what you will find at the parks. I went to Pooh Corner in hopes of finding Piglet (my first love!) souvies, but left very disappointed. Other than that, it's a cute and fun place to walk around.
I've been to DD a few dozen times but this time I was a bit shocked at how expensive this place has become. We visited on a Saturday night and it was packed as we expected. Bring your patience because finding a parking space may drive you insane. Disney should really consider building a parking garage because it seems they don't have enough spaces for all their guests. We noticed a few new stores and a lot of ongoing construction which when completed will probably be very exciting. As we walked around we noticed the prices of things and the beer stood out. One of the restaurants, Paradiso 37, offers a mini bar outside near the main walkway and their domestic beers cost $12.00 which for me is a total rip off. I understand there is a premium associated with Disney but 12 bucks for a beer seems a bit much. Their premium drinks were priced at $24.00 and that is outrageous considering you're not even getting top shelf liquor. Our 3 favorite places at DD are The Lego Store, Ghirardelli and Earl of Sandwich. The Lego store is simply amazing if you love Lego's like I do! Ghirardelli serves up delicious ice cream concoctions and their chocolate is spoken for. You will only find Earl of Sandwich at DD or in the Florida Turnpike rest areas and I can't get enough of their Original 1762 Roast Beef sandwich. Be sure to checkout the calendar at House of Blues, they bring many well known bands and artists on a weekly basis. If you haven't been to Cirque, go see it, it's amazing. Unfortunately the restaurant selection is not great and that's surprising considering Disney has the funds to attract 5 star restaurants to their property. If you have kids, you will end up at either Rainforest Cafe or T-Rex and both food experiences will be less than memorable. A few years ago, I would've given Downtown Disney 5 Stars but over the years it has lost some of its magic.
Nice location, pretty free boat rides. Got way overcrowded while we were there to the point where I daydreamed about being helivac'd out. Parking was free.
If you want to explore without fighting the crowds, I highly recommend going in the early part of the morning...like shortly after sunrise. After a long trip of attending a conference and learning tons of new info, I needed low stimuli and a good walk. I found that here, a short distance from my hotel. I had fun exploring the grounds with famous Disney songs playing overhead. Outside the theme parks, it continues its magical theme with various character statues and creative buildings. As I was dodging construction due to "reimagining" the area, I was very impressed with the friendliness of all workers and how each person was busy cleaning and touch-up painting. I need those crews to come to my house! There is something for everyone here. Shopping, food, and more entertainment. Come solo or bring the whole family. Come early for the "less is more" atmosphere or come during the day and enjoy with the masses. In any case you'll find yourself smiling all the way through.
Fun atmosphere & a diverse range of eating venues to suit everyone's taste. AND free parking.
Half the place was under construction.  It was hard to tell where to go and how to get around.  It was a disappointment with the exception of the excitement of the kids at the LEGO store.  Whoever thought this up is a genius, letting the kids play with the LEGO's and letting their imaginations run wild.  It was fun to watch.
I love this spot my first time there i was so amazed by the different arts from eastern to western a variety of collections i really loved
Restrooms inadequate. Ladies 30 in line. Construction everywhere. Mice in aaze with little directions or directory or map there is nothing
It really is a fantastic place to spend a couple of hours and just hangout.  Plenty of dining options, the movie theater is really excellent, and there is always something to do or see.
The place to feel like a kid again! Downtown Disney is the spot for all kinds of people to gather and have fun with the family and friends. You will always have a blast at this place. You will find great restaurants, gift shops and interactive things to do. I have been here numerous times and still have plenty things I want to do while here. And best of all! Free Parking!!!! The staff around is always happy to help whatever your need may be. And if you want to go to pleasure island or the other side of the lake, you have free ferries to take too. This place is truly a great place to be no matter your age. DO YOU BELEIVE IN MAGIC?
Cirque, splitsville and AMC fork and film are all musts!
They're doing a lot of construction at this time for their food truck park.  It takes about 15 minutes to go from one area to the next with all of the twisting and turning plus they don't have enough signs to get you to where you want to go.  On a 95 degrees day, I don't enjoy walking aimlessly.   There are a lot of places to eat and shop. They also have some activities such as the hot air balloon and shows such as Cirque de Soleil. Everyone comes expecting to pay the premium price for a little bit of magic. Other than the construction that's going on, Downtown Disney was enjoyable for all.
Downtown Disney here in FL is a thousand times better than Downtown Disney in CA. It's so big out here, with many more shops and they offer Disney Quest. A wonderful arcade type place. Compared to Dave and Buster...but better and Disney-fied!! (Lol). The art vendors that come here are awesome. Why don't we have all this in CA?
I love Downtown Disney, it's a typical go-to for me and my boyfriend. It's never too crowded at night, even on weekends. I love the atmosphere, and just walking around with our drinks, it never gets old.
I LOVE it here! I loved it as a tourist and now that I'm a local I still love it! Great food, fun atmosphere and good live music all around. Plus you can never have enough Disney merchandise
I love Downtown Disney! We usually spend our first night at Disney at Downtown Disney because it's a great place to grab a bite to eat and start early on the souvenir shopping. There's so many different stores - some of them end up carrying some of the same items but many have their own special selection. The giant toy store, for example, is the only store in all of Disney that sells Tsum Tsums - cute little stackable pillows. The Co-op store also has some of the coolest items - custom phone cases, Disney electronics, special dining ware. If you're on the Dining Plan, Goofy's Candy Store sells a variety of items that count for a snack credit - huge cake pops, Mickey cookies, marshmallow pops, bags of gummies and a variety of Rice Krispy treats. The gummies and Rice Krispy treats you can find in almost any store/your hotel gift shop, but the other dessert items are unique to the candy store. Also located in Downtown Disney is spices and tea shop that literally only sells spices and tea. I'm a HUGE fan of Disney's Alice in Wonderland themed teas so this was an extra treat for me. You can also find a variety of restaurants in Downtown Disney - our favorites being Raglan, Wolfgang Puck and Rainforest Cafe. We really miss Captain Jack's - I really hope it reopens after they're finished with all the rennovations in Downtown Disney.
I love shopping here. From the huge disney store with disney movies playing to the awesome bath bombs at Basin, being able to walk around with a margarita from the dockside bar, shopping, drinking, shopping, drinking, oh eating too, even got my hubby hooked on it! Look out for the ankle bumpers in the strollers, that'll leave a bruise!!
Down Disney is great ! The T-Rex restaurant is my favorite. The inside is amazing. It was very crowded but worth the wait. The desert was very good. It was a fantastic atmosphere. Disney is build many new things there coming soon. I look forward to go back soon.The bowling alley is a one of a kind. Flat screen monitors that are huge. You can order food right at the alley. It is very clean and a great place to be.
Better than the one in California.  Reminds me a bit of Universal City walk.
This is a pretty cool place to spend your time. IT has a lot of shops and its just nice to walk around and spend some time here. There are a plethora of stores and restaurants to check out while you are here. When I was there, there was a bit of construction going on in a part of downtown Disney, so were weren't able to check out all of it. Since I don't belong in the kids age group, this is a much better place to go to than the parks. I enjoyed my time here, I wish I had more time to spend here when I was in Orlando.  I am a lego enthusiast, so I spent a good amount of time at the Lego store. I even had a blast taking pictures with the toy story lego characters, The Hulk, and the dragon outside.
(Before reading any further, know that this review is based SOLELY on Downtown Disney/Pleasure Island after dark.  The place is pretty cool during the day for families and tourists, and stands independent of this review.)   Well, my wife and I decided during a recent vacation trip to Orlando to hit Downtown Disney/(not-as-much-a-)Pleasure Island as an after-hours/after-theme-parking nightspot, to wind down the rest of our evening.  Much to our disappointment, PI has become a sad shell of its former self. As a result of Disney's decision (prompted by guest requests supposedly) to make the area more family-friendly - even during the later hours of the evening - all of the "nightclubs" in the area have been closed to make room for more places to dine and shop.  So, if you're expecting to hit PI with the aspirations of dancing yer @ off throughout the night, sorry - you'll have to search elsewhere.  As seems to be the trend in most places in the South, apparently the only activities worth paticipating in are feeding one's face and spending or drinking oneself to oblivion.  How extremely frustrating... The nightclubs at PI weren't the best, they weren't the worst, but they WERE at least.  After a full day of paying financial homage to "the mouse" at the various theme parks (which are admittedly wonderful), it used to be a "pleasure" to get out in an adult environment and just have a good time, without the worry of screaming, uncontrollable kids or their equally miserable parents, that way b/c of the former.  But now it seems that there is no reprieve for the over 21 crowd, aside from drinking and eating the night away. *sigh* Just so we're clear, I'm not throwing off on families, or parents, or kids, or anyone else that wants to have good clean fun.  I'm right there with ya - I'm not looking for drama, just variety.  And with the latest change to PI, that search yields null results for those that would enjoy something more/different than the business-as-usual amusement park offerings.  So my rating for Downtown Disney, with regards to what it was before vs. what is is now, is not very favorable.  The shops and restaurants are the only things preventing a 1-star rating.   Sorry, Walt...
Downtown Disney is a fun place. Lots to do here, including Cirque du Soleil. We really enjoy the House of Blues, a great music venue. We also always enjoyed Pleasure Island and were sad to see it go. You can plan an hour or an evening visit depending on what you want to do. The parking lot can get crowded, but we have never failed to find a space after some driving around.
Love the outdoor couches.
Those who are reading these reviews can also read the reviews at "Downtown Disney Marketplace", as these are both the same place. My family and I enjoy coming here twice a year. They have a lot of great places to visit while here and each season is different. We come during the summer and during the fall and the displays are different. For those visiting during Christmas, they have a huge Christmas display where families can get pictures with Santa Claus. Downtown Disney offers a lot of things to do. They have the Disney quest indoor theme park, house of blues, AMC movie theatre, bowling alley, Pleasure Island and even Cirque du Soleil. During our visits we always stop at Ghirardelli Ice Cream & Chocolate Shop. Here they give out free samples of chocolate in their gift shop and next door customers can purchase shakes or ice cream cones. Everywhere when we also visit, we see Vincent at the Disney kiosk station who does portrait silhouettes; he does a marvelous job and has been doing it for over 25 years. Each one he does comes with 3 copies, so you have one for yourself and two to give away to family. For single sitting, the portraits are $12, for doubles the cost is $20 and for triples (three people) the cost is $24. For those who want to get a family of four people done, the cost is $27 and like I said, you get three copies. For those who are hungry, they offer Sandwiches by Earl of Sandwich, American cuisine by Wolfgang Pucks Express or Grade Cafe, Lava Lounge and my favourites T-Rex, Rainforest Cafe and Planet Hollywood. The reason why I like these three other restaurants is because each one has an extremely cool theme, for those who have toddlers, you know how challenging they sometimes can be, so with tons of fish, sharks, dinosaurs and cool characters displayed all over the walls, these three places will definitely keep their attention focused on them, instead of taking the baby rattler away from their sister. [Review #195]
Downtown Disney is a good place to spend an off day while vacationing at Disney World.  During our recent trip, we spent a few hours there on two separate days.  There are plenty of stores to spend time in, as well as some really great places to snack and eat.  My only major complaint is that I wish that there were more places to use snack and quick service credits.
I have been coming to Downtown Disney for as long as I can remember. It is a great way to get your Disney fix without paying the price of a Disney park ticket. It is also great to get most of the park merchandise you didn't pick up in the park because you didn't want to carry it with you all day. Currently there is a lot of construction going on for the new Disney Springs, but that should be completed in 2015. The construction however has taken over a lot of the parking lot and narrows many of the walkways, which were very crowded. There are lots of food options, entertainment and shopping. If you are in Orlando, even if you are skipping the park, you should consider at least a stop at Downtown Disney.
This was were we hung out most evenings after the theme parks. This place has lots of restaurants and stores in it. If you couldn't get all your gifts in the park, they certainly had an abundance of them here. We also ate at earl of Sandwich several times just to save money or take a break from the park. The Irish pub on Pleasure Island was a good place for late night music and drinks, although there were a fair share of over priced food, games and the AMC of course, which charged double. Downtown Disney is a big area and I find the best time to go there is in the early morning or later in the evening when it's cooled down.
I've been to Downtown Disney so many times over the years. It's finally transforming now in 2014 to become something better, but there are definitely some great things and some things to avoid here. If you don't want to shop or see Cirque du Soleil, you probably can skip out on this. The best thing to do is save all of your shopping from the parks until the last day and get to the World of Disney - they carry almost all of the souvenirs with the exception of some specialty things. Get reservations for the restaurants! Especially T-Rex, Rainforest Cafe, or Splitsville. They get REALLY crowded and reservations fill up pretty fast. T-Rex is definitely worth it. In the summer in the evenings especially this place is packed beyond belief - it stays open later than the parks and is easily accessible to people who might be stopping in to just enjoy a part of Disney after a day at Universal. Come early in the summer, before the heat and the possibility of the afternoon rainstorms. Shopping is best here - Marketplace Co-Op, a recent addition, is a must visit. I'm also a personal fan of D-Street. Parking is weird during summer 2014 - you'll need to park across the street in an employee parking lot most likely. On the marketplace end, you'll have the option of $20 valet parking as well.
We are fans of Downtown Disney because you can relax, enjoy the numerous shops offering a variety of items, lots of places to eat, it's free to park and get in unlike another theme park operator up the road, and one feels really safe while there with the family.  It's neat to have a place where both the tourists and locals can enjoy shopping a Disney themed area.  It can get pretty busy at times with visitors from around the world that that's what makes it so different and in many regards fun.  It's great to see folks enjoying themselves so much and people watching here is interesting as there's such a variety of folks.  You can find some really good deals when you shop around.  When we stop by to catch a movie or something to eat we always end up purchasing something for us or a family member as there's so many neat and interesting shops.
Definitively a great place to spend your time with your kids that's free. There is so much to do here it's absolutely amazing. We did the Bibbity Bobbity botique here. Best and very pricey experience for our almost four ear old. You cannot put a price on your daughters happiness when it comes to disney !!! Her face was in amazement the whole entire time ! Shopping is amazing ! The Lego store the worlds biggest disney store ! I got a alex and ani disney braclet. Only complaint would be the I happy old disney employee with an attitude there !!! We also stopped at the candy store and our daughter made her own apple. Another amazing experience with our daughter
It is what it is. Part of disney. The place to go for night clubs, and shopping. It's got a decent atmosphere. I'm pretty sure I like Universal's City Walk in LA better though.
Going to Downtown Disney is like being in Disney world just for free and without the rides.  As you walk around you feel as though you are still in the parks because of the characters walking around, clean environment, friendly service and Disney decor. The stores are all top notch and my favorite is the World of Disney store and the margarita Shack. The Rainforest Cafe and T-Rex restaurant are my personal favorite restaurants but beware they are over priced and food is eh.
A lot of the area is closed now, but it's still a super cute place to go. Lots of fun for people who enjoy anything Disney and it's great for adults as they have great places to eat. I can spend at least an hour in the world of Disney store looking around. The art shop is great too, definitely going to invest in some drawings of the haunted mansion ride next time.
We stayed at a Disney Resort and we're told by the staff if you want somewhere to go that isn't a park, Downtown Disney is a must.  What they didn't say was how incredibly congested with people the place could get, and how long restaurant lines could be.  We found the line for 'T-Rex' which was an hour and a half wait, it was mission for Jason Bourne or James Bond just to navigate from the Bus Stop to this place.  Every 2 feet somebody is taking a picture with something has nothing to do Disney (like posing in front of a construction wall yeah that happened more then once on our way), or there was an army of slow moving strollers in front of you, oh and not to mention the tilde waves of infinite wheel chaired folks coming at you and slowing you down!   This was a nightmare!  I hate crowds, but one really needed to be here the night I was to witness the complete immobility of the crowd at large.  None of the Disney Parks I had been to during my stay was like this, but I must attribute the crowd to the pure fact that there is no entry fees and all manor of life can enter.  It's a big out door mall to sum it up.  I didn't see any attractions or rides just packed store after packed restaurants .  I will never go back to try anything here after that.  We were so disappointed.
Going to Downtown Disney during my last trip to Disney World was a strange experience for me. It was strange because Downtown Disney was the only place that made me feel like Disney really needed to do some work. Don't get me wrong, there are some very nice parts of Downtown Disney, but there are some places where I felt it really faltered. First, the positives. Stores like the World of Disney or the Xmas store have a great selection. It took forever just to see everything, let alone choose what to buy. Just the idea of having a Disney/Xmas store open year round is genius. I was also partial to the Earl of Sandwich (you can go read my review, delicious) and all of the awesome things to see near the Lego store. The Disney art store was also pretty amazing. My fiancee bought some of the lightboxes they had. The Pirates of the Caribbean one she bought for her parents was especially cool. Now the negatives. First, while there is a whole lot to see in terms of things to buy, they still get you since there are things you can only get in the park. I really think it would be a smart move on their part to have more of the stuff they sell in the parks available at Downtown Disney. I know I am not the only person to plan Downtown Disney on the last day before we leave. I think they could sell a lot of the stuff that people say "oh we'll pick that up before we head home" if they had it at Downtown Disney. Also, aside from the Marketplace area, there wasn't a whole lot to do. Most of Pleasure Island is closed during the day, and honestly, after spending a whole day in one of the parks, do you really have the energy to go clubbing? Plus, when it comes down to it, the cover to get in to those places just is not worth it. The West Side is OK but I was surprised and disappointed by the quality of the non-Disney stores there. For instance, the movie collectibles place there seemed like it was going out of business. There were empty shelves and the items they did have were exorbitant.
I recently came here on business and stayed at a nearby hotel. I wanted to get a little Disney experience without going to the actual park. It's what you might expect--lots of shops and Disney things to look at, very crowded and congested (especially feels that way because it is under construction, so there barriers up all over the place that obstruct your views). Overpriced themed restaurants overflowing with crying children...you get the idea. There were some decent street performers I enjoyed watching, and you can pay $8 for a canned domestic beer or $28 (seriously) for a maragarita in a novelty glass and walk around with it, which was nice. Good place to kill an hour or so, but I wouldn't last much longer than that!
Great for the kids. And the real reward is going to Ghiradelli's and getting their ice cream on a hot sunny and humid day.
Came out here for company training, and we spent most of our nights in Downtown Disney and had a blast. I would have otherwise given this place an awesome review, but the reason I'm giving 1 star to Downtown Disney is because of my experience with buying gifts at one of the stores in the downtown area. The items I purchased were incorrectly priced and rung up a different number at the cash register. When I pointed out the mistake, the lady at the cash register was impatient and said she needed a manager to make the correction. After 20 minutes, the manager didn't show up. I knew I had a flight to catch, and given that it was a couple of dollars, I decided that it wasn't worth it. But I was told just a couple more minutes, the manager will be here soon. Manager never came. I ran to the bus stop and just missed the bus. The bus driver saw me but refused to let me on even though I could have safely gotten on. There was also only one other person on that bus...   I wish there were more information about when the buses will arrive where they stop, etc.  And for a place that really value customer experience, they can do better.
Walts vision realized! Tough to say anything other than spectacular
Great place to hang out while you're visiting the Disney Parks. Honestly, like the one in Anaheim, I'm pretty sure this is a pretty fun spot to enjoy if you're just a local and want to have a nice place to hang out totally separate from the parks. Restaurants, bars, shops, street performers and bands. This place has something for any age group pretty much. I can see spending a few hours wandering around or just people-watching.
It's a great place to dine, relax, shopping after the intense theme park day.  You can buy all the stuff you saw in theme parks here, so you don't have to carry them around while having fun in theme parks.   The food here is also pretty good.  It's amazing how they have so many vieraty of restaurants here.  Of course, i love the No.1 sandwich place in the plant :p.  I will go back again to get a nice drink, dessert, and some crazy disney gift colelction.
It starts with the extremely poor design for traffic control, and more than half of the entrances being closed causing long lines and traffic jams. This place is extremely busy. I would not return here of my own free will. Very unorganzized, not maintained well, and not customer friendly.
If everyone has a customized H3LL waiting for them, Downtown Disney would be mine. Overpriced, overcrowded and full of bickering families. Just like the "happiest place on earth" all I find is stress and animosity. Just being here a few minutes made me claustrophobic. We went into the Disney store where I discovered how rude people can actually be to your face. I'm not talking about the employees, I'm talking the customers. Manners, personal hygiene and sense of urgency are nowhere to be found. After looking at a $20 snow globe and deciding I'd rather get a catheter I pushed my way back out into the crowd outside. Thinking we might eat somewhere we waiting in line to check the directory. Went to several places and couldn't find a wait less than 2 hours.  At this point my only saving grace was my imagination. I fantasized that I was driving a huge harvester through the crowd with a giant meat blades on the front. I visualized decapitations and bloody limbs flying everywhere as i made a trough through the crowd. Maybe I let my thoughts get the best of me or maybe our consumer culture is way more sick than my most morbid dreams.
The good: - Lots of Disney goods so this is definitely where you should buy all of your momentos - Enough non-Disney shops that it was still interesting to walk around - Lego store had a huge Maleficent dragon out the front. Awesome. The ordinary: - Get ready for the crowds - Food is decent but fairly typical. Overall worth a visit, especially if you are after some Disney goods or looking to kill time (there is a movie theatre) but don't go far out of your way. It's still just a bunch of shops.
A lot better than it used to be.  Downtown Disney is a great place to shop both Disney and other stores.  Yes, it is overflowing with Disney merchandise ($$$!) and every variety of a Disney store you could ever imagine, but thankfully they have brought in other non-Disney companies as well like Ghirardelli, McDonalds, Legoland, AMC, Rainforest Cafe, etc.  (Not many, but enough to keep you sane)  Good to see, but if your Disney trip is limited, I wouldn't classify this as a must-go.  However, if you're in the Orlando area and want a big helping of Disney without the cost of a ticket, spend an evening here.
If you are a vacationer on a budget and can't quite squeak in the gate of the Magic Kingdom, you can still get a dose of Disney here at Downtown!  No entrance fee, no parking fee, just find a spot and be prepared to spend some time on your feet as you venture in and explore!   Downtown Disney is a great spot to have a casual bite to eat or a fine meal, see a show, stock up on souvenirs, hear live music, grab a cocktail, just about anything you can imagine adding to a fun day or an exciting evening! Great places to eat include House of Blues (killer burgers) and Earl of Sandwich (a great chicken caesar salad). Pop into the Candy Cauldron for a caramel apple or my favorite Disney treat, the raspberry white chocolate chip cookie!  The LEGO store is fun to explore, but more fun to check out outside and see all the LEGO-Disney sculptures, they are breathtaking!  Also pop into Arribas Brothers to buy your very own princess tiara, and Mickey's Pantry to get fairy tale themed wines!   Plenty of photo ops as well - don't miss the sneaky Stitch fountain outside World of Disney!   Maybe not quite as much fun as the parks, but still smiles and surprises around every corner.  I love it there!
Pretty huge shopping area with tons of restaurants, shops, snack stands, and entertainment areas.  I was surprised at how huge Downtown Disney was, it's much larger than the one at Disneyland in Anaheim.  Next time at DisneyWorld, I think we'll spend more time here.
Downtown Disney is always awesome. There was a lot of people this past weekend. I noticed that they are doing a lot of upgrades within the area. The restaurants were full.
How do you not love Downtown Disney? In Anaheim and in Orlando.. I can never stay away. There's ample shops and restaurants to hang out in. Although I'm always a window shopper, it's a nice place to kill some time and enjoy some sun. It's pretty crowded though, as you would expect Disney to be. The parking lot at night can be hard to find any parking... especially by AMC and the Cirque show area. Especially since HOB is right there and there are always performers there as well.
Cool place to chill & walk around There's a lot of places to eat, shop (buy souveneirs, legos, clothing), and hang out here (bowling/pool/movie theatre). The best part is you don't have to buy a ticket to get in!
FREE attraction! Definitely worth a trip to walk around and hang out when you're tired of spending a million dollars at the amusement parks. They have something for everyone here. Downtown Disney isn't huge, but it's a cute little shopping area...I liked the East Side better than the West Side.
Need more Disney in you. Want to shop some more then you got to come to Downtown Disney. This place has got everything you need for Disney gear. Many stores with tons of Disney gear. I'm sure you will be able to find something that suits you. I suggest you check out the Lego store in Downtown Disney. You will see what I mean when you get there. Amazing stuff they have on display. Downtown Disney takes all the Disney apparels, toys from all 4 theme parks and puts them in one area for all us Disney fans to shop at. If you are hungry still, no worries plenty of places to eat there. You got bars, restaurants, cafes, snacks, and desserts. You got to check out some of the desserts in the stores. Such beautiful artwork. No worries, there are some fun things to do as well. They have boat rides, choo-choo train rides for the little ones, carousel rides, music, shows/performances and the coolest of them all is the hot air balloon ride. Get a unique perspective of Disney World from high above. Downtown Disney is good place to just wander around and hang out for few hours. Just check out some Disney stuff, eat some dessert, entertain yourself, and snap some photos.
Great place for friends, family, dates, children, romance..... it has shops, shows, bars, restaurants, and so much more. Experience the magic in Disney.
If you don't want to pay for Disney tickets, but want to be able to buy their merchandise, come here! This is bigger than the one in Anaheim. Great shops and food.
This place just keeps getting better and better.  Love Downtown Diz... for everything it is and isn't.  It's usually packed at night, which is sometimes trying when you just want to walk around and enjoy it.  There are two good cigar places, one store and another cigar bar, which we love.  They have a lot of stores and restaurants to explore.  Wolfgang Puck's place is great.  Ghiradelli's is terrific but always packed to the gills.  I love the bar Fuego and the Irish bar next to it is tolerable.  Planet Hollywood is here but getting old. The food is hit or miss. House of Blues is always fun and the bbq pork is great.  The attractions are not worth the money to me -- Cirque du Soleil is boring, I think, and the Disney place is good for kids if it's raining, I would imagine.  There's a great, new bowling alley and a movie theater as well, but who goes to Disney to see movies?  You go there to live movies.
I absolutely love this place and make it a point to visit each time that I visit Orlando. There's something for everybody and of all ages hear whether it be a Lego shop, ghirardelli's for some ice cream or sweets , the pin trader station, the Disney Store, the Christmas shop, T Rex, and so much more. I personally love eating at T Rex more than any other restaurant in the Disney parks  ( although I haven't had the pleasure of eating at Beauty's castle just yet) Envision t-rex as the sister company of rain forest cafe but of course dinosaur themed. Even at my age I feel like a child at heart eating there. Moving on to the Disney Store you will find all of your favorite Disney character themed products. From the kitchen , to clothing, accessories, and everything in between you'll find it here Now to my ultimate shop here. Basin! This spot is definitely for the ladies there is a few items for the men. Indulge yourself in some of the best smelling and skin softening bath bombs I've encountered. Bath bombs not your thing? Why not try the scented bath salts, soap bars, salt scrubs, and lip balm. Me and my family all enjoy the salt scrub testing station located in the middle of the store. Hands feel baby soft and smell amazing after you try it.
Had a really good time, great enviorment, many options for places to eat, shop, see.  I went to watch a movie with a friend @ the AMCTheatre and had a good time very clean and customer friendly (couldn't find the bathroom).  Definity would go back and eat and have a few drinks.  Kid and adult friendly.
Amazed how quick and easily Disney collects your money for overpriced crap but has no idea how to process a refund.
I NEVER get tired of Downtown Disney.  It's always a fun place either with just adults or the entire family.  Tons to shop, tons to see, great food to eat.  It's worth going.
Whatever you do, stay away from Downtown Disney till construction is complete. Traffic and parking are an absolute nightmare.  Oct 2014.
Great place, many choices for restaurants, a great bakery, things to do and walk around and shop.  The movie theater is very nice.  I love wolfgang pucks and my favorite is Earl of Sandwich.
this is a humongous DTD compared to California's version, but it's so disconnected it's kinda weird. It's incredibly busy here and kinda interesting to maneuver around especially with the construction going on. I've yet to experience everything DTD has to offer (Cirque, Disney Quest, Etc) but it's really fun here and a great place for non-ticket holders to enjoy the night and have a good time. :) Restaurants will need reservations unless you sit at the bar then you're golden. :)
This place definitely bring some interesting people out of the woodwork... to say the least... lol
For anyone who's a fan of Disney, but doesn't want to spend time in a park at all, may want to consider coming here. This is a cool town with numerous Disney-themed shops. If anyone's looking for souvenirs without planning on visiting the parks, then this would be the perfect area to do so. I remember when the Virgin Record Store was here - it was unfortunate that they closed down, since it was one of my favorite places to visit whenever I came here. Oh and if you're a chocoholic, then you will love the Ghirardelli Chocolate Shop here, which is my favorite store to visit whenever I'm here. Sure Downtown Disney gets crowded at times, but hey, it would be worth venturing through those crowds just so you can see the stores that you may want to visit. Cheers!
We enjoyed this place a lot and have visited it quite a few times, for food and shopping, during our stay at Disney World. Love the free shuttles that takes us from hotel's front door to here. Love the fact that everything stay open until at least 11PM -- perfect timing for if you just got out of the park and are hungry, and wanted a grab to bite. It can get pretty crowded, especially at night, but hey it's Disney, expect crowd, everywhere, so get used to it here :)
Compared to the Downtown Disney in Anaheim, the Orlando (Lake Buena Vista) location is absolutely HUGE!  It must have been at least 4 or 5 times as big as the California location.  Maybe it seemed so much larger because we were looking for a restaurant with a short wait with three hungry kids and I had one of them on my back....  No, it really is that much larger.  The number of restaurants and shops is a laundry list of nom nom nom, from sit down establishments to grab and go food, its all pretty much there for every taste.   Some things that stood out include the free parking, although we took a shuttle, adult only night clubs (meaning they served alcohol) and a Cirque du Soleil show.  There were some cool outdoor entertainers as with the Cali location.  We ended up at the Cuban restaurant owned by Gloria Estafan, Bongos.   A nice change from the normal pizza/ burger/ asian fare that we would normally end up at.  While there was a 40 minute wait, we grabbed a quick bite at Wolfgang Puck's Express restaurant just a few doors down.  Luckily, they called us from Bongo's after a short wait of about 10-15 minutes.   All in all, this was my third visit to Downtown Disney Orlando and just as fun as the previous visits.  If you do end up visiting, be prepared for long waits and large crowds but a very enjoyable time. Keep on Yelp'n!
Free parking. Earl of Sandwich. Ghirardelli. World of Disney. And a build it yourself Mr Potato Head. And those are just the highlights of the marketplace! Next time  I'll have to explore pleasure island and the west side. Although i visited the west side briefly just to check out Disney Quest before i headed to the airport. This is a great place to spend the day when you're taking a break from the parks. If you're in Orlando, stop by!
Spending the day walking around Downtown Disney is seriously a great idea! When arriving you'll notice how busy it is...and I mean it is busy with traffic jams and lots are almost always filled to capacity! Once you make your way through the lights and follow the sign for parking you'll be set, I just recommend bringing patience with you. By the time you park your car you'll look out and see the cool signs for DD and life will get better! There are multiple restaurants and stores to check out while walking around so be sure you have plenty of time to visit them all. I've been able to purchase gifts for many of my family and friends when I visit. There are many photo opportunities with different Disney statues and sometimes a character might even be walking around!  If you like Lego's you'll love visiting the Lego store. They even have cool characters built with Lego's such as R2D2 and The Hulk (I saw those when I was visiting last time)! I do recommend walking around DD at least once so that you can see how awesome it is. I know it's going to be busy, but just enjoy the walk and I'm sure you'll find something good to purchase or eat! Oh, and I think Ghirardelli gives out a sample of chocolate if you walk around their store, so that's worth the trip!
Make sure to visit World of Disney for all your souvenir shopping needs and then pick up a shake at Ghirardelli. My favorite is chocolate!
I feel like Downtown Disney must be to Floridians what South Street is to people from Philly.  Once you go once or twice it's kinda like ..... eh..... been there seen that. Downtown Disney is good for the following: food, shopping, crowds, spending money, Cirque, and spending more money.  But really.... it's kinda just meh.
What a Jewel!  The atmosphere alone sets this place apart from anywhere else!  The food is sooo good. I have been here 4 times and always make it a must whenever I get up to Orlando.
Took family here during a vacation and had an awesome time. Shops galore, plenty of food options.
A great place for dining and shopping while on Disney property. Plenty of things to do here from Cirque to an AMC theater. No admission tickets are needed and most places here stay open late.
Having a good time again thanks to. Disney. I had a great visit or two here at Downtown Disney.  I had a great chocolate shake from Ghirardellis, a wonderul smoothie at the Lava Lounge and spent a lot of money at various shops in the area.  The staff were all very friendly and helpful.   I would like to see character visits at Downtown Disney and perhaps better tasting water fountains.  Warm water on a hot day is not helpful. It's Disney, so channel your inner child and go and have fun!
It's "ok."  I expected there to be more interesting shops.  I hate to say it, but Citywalk seems more fun. :/
I have been coming here for years and never get tired! Beautiful place full of good energy music and night life! Perfect plan after the parks or if visiting the Disney area. Excited for the new additions and renovations! Love me some disney magic!
Lots happening in a small area, good eating places, ice cream parlor. The Disney stores have about anything you could find in the parks. Look to see what may be happening on the big stage. School musical groups from all over, Disney cast members leading the crowd in games, kids love it. There is a big fountain system for the kids to run in and Lego has a free interactive area. Big AMC 24 screen with a section for eating a meal as you watch the movie. Parking can be a challenge. Drop your party and park on the edge, walk will be good for you. Get a free chocolate square at Ghirardelli, 50 cents saved, it all adds up. Got serious money have your little girl get a makeover from the Princess shop.
What's not to love? An adult and children's playground rolled into one - most importantly, free parking and free entry. Once you're in, you'll probably drop a pretty penny on dinner, drinks and if you're with children, some sort of overpriced princess dress or lego toy thingamabob. What to expect? A few of the tourist traps like Treasure Island and Rainforest Cafe. Disney-based stores, Cirque du Soleil, bar/restaurants, immaculate landscaping, and the expected Disney-utopian vibe. I'm a sucker, I can't help it.
We came here when we were on our vacation before our theme park tickets started. All the different stores and restaraunts were very cool. I loved seeing the Lego store much better than Legoland. We went in all the stores just to look. Went to Ghiradelli and had the best ice cream! T-Rex had great food. Fulton's was horrible. We had kids with us so we didn't go to the Pleasure Island side. I did see some live music but we didn't stay to listen. We did take the Disney transportation system here and were a little disappointed you can not get from D.D. to any of the parks. You have to go back to a hotel and then to the parks.
My boyfriend, his family, and I decided to visit Downtown Disney on our last day/New Year's Eve. It's definitely a great place to shop, relax, and dine especially after a long day a the theme parks or a break from the theme parks or even on the last day. Downtown Disney is truly spacious, touristy, clean, and truly hip. So many places to shop and a lot of restaurants too. We spent about 2-3 hours walking and shopping around. It was relaxing and fun. I wished we had a chance to visit the Ghiradelli cafe. I would have really appreciated that. We ended up have lunch at Downtown Disney, particularly a place that was recommended by one of my friends. I liked the experience here because it was laid-back and fun which is really all I wanted on our last day at Disney and Florida. I will definitely try coming here again.
A lot of variety in dinning and shopping.  Kept very clean like all Disney properties.
Somehow, I always end up at Downtown Disney on my frequent trips to Orlando, usually against my will. Don't get me wrong, the place is fine. It has a good variety of restaurants and shops, so you can definitely spend a good amount of time here, but it's entirely too crowded, and the parking lot is terrifying. I'm never the one driving, thankfully. If I was, you can bet I wouldn't go near the place. Parking here is a nightmare. A long-overdue garage is currently being built, and while I'm hopeful that it will make this place much more pleasant eventually, for right now having even less parking than usual due to the construction makes the situation that much worse. On a recent trip, my friend was driving, and after 45 minutes of circling the parking lot and having several people steal spots from us, her road rage seriously started to frighten me. Happiest place on earth? Not exactly. The situation vastly improves once you survive the parking lot. We tend to stick to the east side, hitting up Earl of Sandwich or Portobello for food and drinks (the former is my favorite and has better food, the latter has awesome bartenders), and afterward getting our free piece of chocolate from Ghiradelli. There are some interesting shopping choices available, including bigger stores like Tren-D, World of Disney, the Lego Store and Basin (I'm too allergic to all of the different scents to go into Basin though), and smaller kiosk-type places (there's even a little shop just for me and my fellow Lefties). The west side has the Cirque du Soleil show La Nouba, which I saw 13 years ago (yikes, I'm dating myself here, aren't I?), Disney Quest, House of Blues, Bongo's, Splitsville, AMC Theaters (WHY would you put up with this dreadful parking lot to see a movie here? While we're at it, same goes for CityWalk...), and that huge hot air balloon ride. There's a lot of construction going on here right now, and I'm curious to see how it's all going to look when it's done. But in the meantime, all of the walkways have been squeezed down, so it is even more crowded than usual. It's always a much more pleasant experience to come here around 11 am... there's lots of parking, and no weaving through tourists who just decide to randomly stop in the middle of a walkway. No matter what day it is, it will be packed in the evening. Just go in with reasonable expectations (and don't drive there hungry, because you'll be "hangry" by the time you manage to park, like my road-ragey friend), and you'll have a good experience :)
Free parking, no entrance fee. Perfect for adults. Live music and entertainment. Can buy and drink your drinks on the sidewalk! Great she's, bats, and restaurants. Nice escape from the kids at the theme park.
My family loved it.  We walked along the lake and checked out the lego sculptures.  We checked out the shops and restaurants and listened to the live band.  There were many activities for everyone of all ages to do.  There were rides/attractions for all to enjoy.  My personal favorite was the huge hot air balloon that goes up into the air for you to see all of Disney.
you'll have a lot of fun you'll enjoy it just bring all our money
A great place to get all the Disney merchandise you could ever want. If there's anything you missed buying at one of the theme parks they probably have it here. My favorite place to shop is TrenD because they have shirts and accessories that I like. My favorite place to eat here is Earl of Sandwich. You don't have to have park admission to come here and it's just a short trip by boat from the Downtown Disney area resorts. Trying to park here can be sort of a pain so I suggest parking at Casting Center if you're going to Marketplace or at Team Disney if you're going to West Side. I avoid coming here in the summer because there are way to many tourists, September, October, November, or February are the best months to visit.
Free parking, admission, ferry, ect was very cool to just walk around and check out all the souvineer shops, loved the rainforest cafe shop and T-Rex shop, lots if photo opportunities!
You know you are approaching Downtown Disney when the traffic begins amassing on I-4 as car after car of family units make their American secular version of the Hajj. I was never taken to any Disney property as a child perhaps making me a bit of an American infidel. I approached Downtown Disney as an outsider, a man on the verge of middle age who never stepped foot into the holy House of Mouse, where the business of fantasy role playing isn't just for adults and the seedier side of the internet. I was pleasantly surprised by what I saw. Outdoor parking dispelled the dystopian feeling encountered at Universal Studios. Instead, the short walk to the entry area was downright pleasant with sunshine and mid 70's to guide us on our way. Instead of a grand gate of Goofy, our entrance was marked by Latin chicken chain Pollo Campero. Has the mouse been replaced by a rotisserie chicken? Proceeding with caution we walked throughout the property, which is undergoing a transformation into "Disney Springs', with a tentative completion date of 2016. The construction isn't in your face unlike the never finished subway transportation hub on Fulton Street in NYC (Thanks MTA and union labor!). There are a fair number of eateries to check out, some more casual than others. We tried one that was touted as serving Latin American street food, with a menu featuring "crazy corn". Such rebranding of ethnic foods was also noted by the presence of several food trucks, one which featured Indian cuisine. Short ribs in a naan? Add a sprinkle of Disney magic (trademark) and this seemingly paradoxical plate is ready to be served with a smile. A large reproduced (Heck, almost everything here is a reproduction of something from somewhere from some mystical time that's been sugar coated with a healthy dose of nostalgia) steam boat now houses a restaurant. A 30 minute wait means I could have watched the animated short that started it all,Steamboat Willie, 4 times before being seated. If there's a restaurant you really want to try, plan ahead and make a reservation. Like Medieval relics carried by pilgrims to the Holy Land, there's no shortage of Disney trinkets on sale for the faithful. If you are the kind of person who wants almost every item in your house to have the mark of the mouse, you will adore these shops. As an agnostic, I appreciated their ingenuity in increasing shareholder value and Walt's unwavering dedication to American capitalism. Personally I don't need a coffee mug featuring a tired Mickey's mug on it but that's just me. Continuing through the pedestrian friendly lanes, I liked the availability of bathrooms on almost every corner. The streets were far cleaner than any downtown of a real city I've visited and the bathrooms were the opposite of those found in NYC's Port Authority: clean! Goofy was spotted wearing a Santa Claus outfit, with children lining up to pose for pictures with him. Like a celebrity dodging the paparazzi, this Goofy was being stalked by the little ones while he tried to leave for a likely shift change. Even Goofy needs a break, kids. While there's no Kaaba to touch or kiss, millions of families swirl about Downtown Disney a year. The spot also serves as a dispatch center to other Disney properties via boat. It's like crossing the river Styx into Hades...assuming you find hordes of children wearing mouse ears hell and I do. But despite the throngs of the faithful, I would return to this sacred site on the Disney trail. First, because parking is free and I like that. Secondly, because the place is easy on the senses and friendly on the feet. You'll walk around, browse a few shops, perhaps have a snack or dinner and won't have anything trying to get in your face, whether literally or aurally (I'm looking at you , Universal!). The little ones will love this place thanks to a Pavlovian reaction to all the Disney imagery they are constantly spoon-fed by doting parents. An adult will also appreciate the space, however, for the design and esthetics. It's appealing, well maintained, and unlike any downtown based in reality.
I was spending one night at Disney en route to a cruise and ended up at a value resort with no restaurant or bar.  Downton Disney was a good diversion for a decent sit-down meal and a drink.   It's sad that all the clubs on Pleasure Island was empty.  There was some live music outside of the abandoned clubs, which was good--then the band switched and the music was just OK.  Overall, I found it to be a nice adult break from all the hyperkidness of Disney.  But there is a lot more potential with the space there that is underutilized.
I hate city life.  But driving here. Finding parking was free and a short walk to the "downtown" area I was surprised how well organized everything was  People are friendly even the tourists.  Food was excellent and some places had decent prices for a tourist area. Clean restrooms and clean sidewalks and roads.  Disney knows how to make an area presentable.  I assume you pay for it with the high prices of all the junk they sell to the suckers.   I went to the many bars. The movie and dinner combo theater.   The live music at a few places. And the general atmosphere of the people here.
I really enjoyed D.D. Be sure to check out the Magnetron store. The most magnets I have ever seen. I also enjoyed the Cirque Du Soleil. We ate at the T-Rex. Good food and a pretty neat atmosphere. Sit near the Stegosaurus. They "moo" @ u while u eat. A really nice evening.
If you're looking for something to do and don't feel like going to the Parks, I suggest heading to Downtown Disney. There are many shops and restaurants located at Downtown Disney, so you're sure to find something to do. If you're looking for something Disney themed and didn't see it in the Parks, chances are you'll find it in one of the many shops here. Like the Parks, it can get really crowded depending on the time of year, but it's definitely worth checking out at least once. Parking can be a pain, but have patience and you're sure to find a spot.
Good stuff. If you want a little bit of Disney without spending money (though you could still drop some here if you wanted) this is a good way to spend a few hours. Plenty of good foods, shops and plenty of free entertainment. If you like to people watch like me, take a seat and watch em. There's no shortage of people to look at.
Very touristy place, but can be very useful.  If you need some Disney merchandise and don't want to deal with the parks, or don't want to carry stuff around on a park day, this is a great place to pick it up. Also, there is a customer service location here where you can buy tickets for the parks and avoid the long lines.  That is a nice plus. My favorite place here is the Ghirdelli chocolate store.  Free samples!  And they have a  great ice cream shop/soda fountain as well.
FREE, FREE, FREE. Parking is free. Lots of stores to walk in, some that are not even "Disney". Great restuarants & even great entertainment. House of Blues normally has a free concert going on, on the outside stage. You have the AMC movies & then on the Market Place side you have a stage with some type of live performance (high school bands or dance stuff for the kiddies). It's a nice place to relax, wind down & just enjoy a free day with the family w/o dealing with the parks.
As with everything else theme-parky, Downtown Disney in Orlando simply blows away Downtown Disney in Anaheim.  The stores are huge, clean, well organized, and amazing.  I recommend doing all your Disney shopping here rather than in the parks.  it's more relaxing, less frantic.  We had a quick lunch at Earl of Sandwich.  Man, they have their shiz together here.  The line moved quickly and the food was so good.  There's plenty to do for both kids and adults here.  We saved our visit here for the day we were leaving Orlando to fly back to California.  It was the perfect way to end our little mouse vacay.   Cheers!
Hot in the summer!
Perfect way to eat, drink, and shop Disney. As a annual pass holder I love to take a leasurly stroll through Downtown Disney; away from the hustle of the theme parks. Construction is happening throughout Downtown as it transitions to Disney Springs. I can't wait for the changes to be complete so we can enjoy all the new things that are coming, including Starbucks and a Disney Co-Op. See a movie, enjoy a round of bowling, droll over sweet treats, and much more!
Place is way too crowded with people that are jerks and have no common sense or consideration towards others.  The shuttle buses here are also policed by a bunch of morons - I was told to stay in line by a cast member and not step out RJ take a phone call for no reason at all...talk about rude and idiotic.  Place is overpriced and overhyped - not that good an experience.
I had never been to downtown Disney before and loved it! There was a large variety of shops to go in.  Most of the time at touristy places all the shops sell almost the same thing.  I did see some duplicates but most of these places were unique! The only reason I gave it four stars was because without reservations it was impossible to find a place to eat!
I would just say if you are a normal adult (i.e., not disney-obsessed or here to visit disneyworld) visiting orlando, do not go to downtown disney. not to be a debbie downer, but i was in orlando for a conference and had nothing to do so decided to walk down here for an evening. i actually wish i would've just stayed by my hotel's pool :-/ everything is really spread out, crowded, and super overpriced. i wanted to eat at earl of sandwich since it had decent reviews but the lines were too crazy (i was starving! lol). anyway, i think downtown disney in CA is much cuter and more charming. this one was just kind of depressing in a way. the stores didn't even have anything fun! the live band they had in one area had the worst singer i've ever heard lmao. just no.
This was a good place to shop for Disney stuff if you are not in the Parks. I didn't get to hang out in the evening there, but it was cool to drop by.
free parking unlike downtown disney in california! they even have a ferry to take you from one side of downtown to the other. amc theater. wetzel pretzel. live entertainment. restaurants. and other knick knack stores.
I spent a few hours in Downtown Disney on my last day at Walt Disney World Resort. Having been to Downtown Disney in Anaheim, I can compare the two for you pretty simply. Downtown Disney in California is little more than an outdoor shopping area.  Downtown Disney in Florida is like the Mall of America. There is shopping on steroids, a "hot air balloon" experience, there are rides and so much more.  Downtown Disney is a destination in itself. I didn't have nearly enough time on this trip to explore Downtown Disney to its fullest with my family.   It was awesome and I highly recommend you spend some time (and your souvenir money) in Downtown Disney.  It's perfect to visit if you are flying out and you've exhausted all the days on your park hopper.
ok, i am admittedly a little peeved as i write this. am an out of towner that wanted some brunch on sunday morning. everyone talked up downtown disney, so we took a $20 cab out there from the hotel on sunday morning, and there's not a single restaurant out there open at 10 am on a sunday. i guess that's my fault for not looking into it beforehand, but WTF? at any rate, a quick turn around disney didn't reveal anything special.  planet hollywood, wolfgang puck, house of blues. looked like a gigantic tourist trap. the most exciting thing i saw was the pollo campero.
Downtown Disney is a cool place to shop for Disney items, grab a bite to eat, or go out to a restaurant.  I think one of the coolest places at downtown Disney is their Lego store.  Massive amounts of lego's and things built out of lego's.  It's a sight to see for sure! Overall, this is a neat place to visit and coming soon there will be a Noodles & Company going in about a mile away!
If you like crowds looking to spend more time and money than reasonable to expect for the true pleasure gained, this is your place.
We go to Disney ever other year.  This place has really changed in the last 6 years.  The parking has become a nightmare.  They have given the buses from the resorts a large transfer station.  When leaving the parking lot these buses get right away.  So parking is very limited and if you want to come in the evening you need to be patient if you are bringing your own car. There are many types of restaurants, stores, entertainment and more offered here.  With variety comes large groups of people.  Kinda like the parking...be prepared for complete chaos.  They have outdoor entertainment so people stop to watch/listen.  But for the crowds trying to walk by it's a nightmare.  Hold your kids hands!   They have large Disney stores here though with a variety of merchandise to purchase.  Even if you aren't in a park, you can find something good from that park.  And there are some unique stores as well(chocolate, bath soaps, spices/teas, clothing).   There are venues for shows which draw the late night crowds.   But for us, we love the restaurants.  The waits are long, but we have enjoyed many a meal here.  For us, it's nothing like back home and worth the wait/money to dine here.   We come every visit to the Orlando area....but we know going in that it is crowded.
So amazing!
A great place to come to if you are on holiday in Disneyland and want somewhere to go after the theme parks have closed. Lots of shops to explore, many restaurant choices, as well as a cinema, bowling, and cirque du soleil.
I've been coming here since before Fulton's was Fulton's (it actually was the Empress Lilly)  Probably say 20+ years, and I have watched Downton Disney transform in the process.  When I was younger I couldn't wait til I was old enough to party at Pleasure Island.  By the time I was old enough and was able to get to Orlando, Pleasure Island was washed up and it closed actually the week after we were there. I think Downtown Disney is great for families, but for a couple or single I would recommend City Walk over DD. DD is fun if we aren't looking to have drinks or stay out late.  Now I know, you'll tell me Erik, but what about HOB or ESPN, and those places are fine, just not my idea of going out unless HOB has a show.  La Nouba is a lot of fun, Wolfgang's is good, Congo Bongo is cool, and AMC Dine in Theatre is a great albeit pricey night out.  All in all a great place to have some good wholesome fun on a Friday/Saturday night (or any night if you are a tourist)
I am from California, so I am use to the downtown Disney in Disneyland/ California Adventure. This was my first time in Walt Disney World,  and this area is WAY bigger in comparison. I love the variety of restaurants and how there are performers at every venue. it's almost like a free park to visit because of its size. Variety of candy stores,  merchandise stores,  and I love the Legos model figures. Also there is the Ghiradelli restaurant and Earls Sandwich. Great place to visit if you're in the area!
Who knew Disney was comprised of more than just Teacups and Mickey mouse? Not I, until moving to the home of Disney and seeing first hand all this conglomerate has to offer outside of the amusement park. Entertainment, restaurants, shops, a whole OTHER world to explore. Downtown Disney is comprised of a few different areas, The Marketplace, The Westside, and Boardwalk each with lots to see. My favorite aspects of Downtown Disney shopping wise is the Virgin Megastore and the Lego Imagination Center. Both unique and only found in Disney. As for restaurants Fulton's Crab House is delicious and fun and Wolfgang Puck's is bright and delightful. As for the more entertainment hungry Disney Quest is a virtual playground for kids and adults alike to try their hand at a wide variety of video and interactive games. House of Blues is also here where you can catch a show of any genre, just check the schedule for what's coming up.  Cirque de sole is another popular show on grounds that I can't wait to see myself. Last but not least is the huge movie plex located here. Disney
Orlando v. Anaheim is a popular comparison, but honestly there is little to compare as Downtown Disney at Orlando is much larger and an over-crowded tourist-ville. Pleasure Island isn't nearly as exciting as it sounds to an adult and is nestled between West Side and Disney Marketplace. The three areas merge to form Downtown Disney Florida. If you are in the Orlando area on vacation, itis obligatory that you visit Downtown Disney with the hordes of other tourists. We went mid-week during dinner time and it was wall-to-wall families and kids. Luckily, I was on a mission to arrive at a restaurant in time for our reservation because otherwise, it might of taken an hour just to stumble from one end to the other. There's much more at this Downtown Disney than the one in California including: * Restaurants for the kids like Rainforest Cafe, T-Rex, or Planet Hollywood, fast-food like Earl of Sandwich, dessert like BabyCakes NYC or Ghirardelli Chocolates, and regular restaurants like Raglan Road Irish Pub, Fulton's Crab House, and Wolfgang Puck's. Don't expect a stellar meal, but plan for one for the whole family. There are few repeat customers to these restaurants. * Entertainment for the whole family including bowling @ Splitsville, music at House of Blues or Raglan Road, AMC Movies Dine-in Theater, and a small Cirque du Soleil show called La Nouba. There's also almost real rides on a Hot Air Balloon and a cruise on the lake. More doesn't always mean better (like politicians), but Downtown Disney in Lake Buena Vista (aka Orlando West), Florida is the kind of place all tourists should visit at least once to explore different chain restaurants with the familiarity of crowds and lines for which Disney is famous. Parking is free.
Hands down, my absolute favorite Downtown Disney of all time! Its humongous! Its a lot bigger compared to the Downtown Disney over at Anaheim, thats for sure. With Pleasure Island and the Marketplace, you'll probably spend a whole entire day there and you won't even feel bored! I personally prefer The Marketplace because it has better stores, in my opinion. Although, The Marketplace is always crowded because thats where Earl of Sandwich and Ghiradelli is. You can't miss out on those two places! Also, don't miss out on the Lego Store as well as World of Disney. Probably two of my favorite stores at this Downtown Disney as well as the one in Anaheim. There are a lot of entertainers later at night, so you can enjoy some music while strolling around and looking at different souvenirs. Overall, I recommend coming here. Its something you can't possibly miss, because its FREE. There's so much to do there, so many places to eat at, and so many things to buy!
i come to disney 3-5 times a year and has become a tradition that on our last day in orlando we always go to downtown disney. most dos is going to the amc movie theater there-nicest theater ive seen...and ghiradelli..such great icecream..every time i go we always do the standard picture taking all over the place. right now downtown disney is goinng through huge renovations and it was an even bigger pain to get around as it normally is. so many things closed dont find it worth coming here until its been renovated
I came here in the morning and the evening with my family the Saturday of Labor Day weekend.  This place is basically a beautifully landscaped, decorated giant outdoor mall.  I found the morning to be very peaceful.  I really enjoyed walking around, relaxing and enjoying the place.  I must say the evening for me and my family was awful.  It was so crowded, loud and an amazingly long line to get food anywhere even at 8pm.  That being said it is definitely a hot spot for those who are into it but, for families with kids it is a gamble.  If your kids like crowds (I think most teenagers would love it), noise and a lot of excitement and music it is definitely for you.  If your kids are not into that then it may be better to visit in the am which is quite lovely.  Next time I am at Disney I will definitely go back in the am.  By the way, I must give a shout out to the nice (wonderful) woman who found my IPhone.  She not only turned it in to guest services but, looked around my car to find out who it belonged to so after a long day I not only got my phone back but, had a nice message on my resort phone making sure I knew where to pick it up.  Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you!!!
Growing up in Florida, I was at the Disney parks constantly as a kid and Downtown Disney was always a necessary stop on the trip. Recently, I visited with some friends (as young adults now) and was delighted that the experience was just as fun now despite the age difference. Although I am still bummed about the Virgin Records store closing a few years ago, the bowling alley in its place does offer just another thing to do while in the marketplace. The AMC theaters here is always clean and the staff is very friendly (think, very Disney), so definitely recommend to those staying in the nearby resorts for a week or so for those Disney package deals. The endless food options available always make suggestions a hard task, but despite my age, I will always say swinging by the Rainforest Cafe is a must. The food is consistently good, and the experience always has you leaving with a smile. For those not looking for a full meal, definitely stop by the Ghirardelli store for some free chocolate samples and amazing ice cream. Parents, definitely bring your kids to the toy store down passed Pleasure Island (on the Rainforest Cafe side), this one has the largest variety for boy and girl-themed toys and it isn't too far from the Lego store either, another must for all kids (Legos are not just for boys, let me tell you).
Kids loved the Candy store but not much else.  All the smoking and drinking really made this a more adult location.  Even with all the toy stores I would say keep the kids home for this one or skip all together.  The PR staff that works there is incredibly rude to top it off.
My favorite part of Downtown Disney is all of the amazing Lego sculptures by the LEGO Imagination Center. This year they had huge yellow daisies, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and one more display that I can't remember at the moment. There are a plethora of stores and restaurants to get lost in (and to drop hundreds of dollars in). My favorites are Ghirardelli's (for ice cream) and the World of Disney Store (for souvenirs). If you're vacationing in the area, I would definitely suggest spending the day here!
yes yes every holiday there are stilt walkers and decore to boot!  loves it!
This place has anything and everything you could want. There are a lot of places to grab a bite to eat, or get your whistle wet. There are also tons of stores to shop at for all things Disney. It's a pretty big location, but they have a ferry that can take you from one end to the other. Downtown Disney should be on everyone's to do list!
I am TOTALLY disappointed! I feel slightly misled by some of the previous reviewers... If you have any expectations at all, SKIP IT! Parking: Scarce. Granted it is free, but I would have rather paid for parking and not had to scan the parking lot for 20 minutes and then walk another 10. There were NO CHARACTERS! Granted, we were there for off-season, but I was hoping to see at least one! The stores totally have all the same Disney stuffed toys you can buy at the Park. I was hoping to find some cute adult Disney themed T-shirts, but I couldn't even find one! The Non-Disney stores as SO small that you walk in, do a circle and you have seen the whole store. The water taxis had LONG waits and only about 20 seats. We waited 25 minutes for the first one in the sun. We decided to walk back. I suggest walking as it is only about a 15 minute walk. I was expecting to see more restaurants and bars... We decided to take the Water Taxi and eat at Congos. Disney Quest looked fun, but I honestly didn't want to pay $40 for an indoor experience when the park itself isn't that much more money.
DTD is a most wonderful addition to the WDW Resort. This complex opened in March of 1975 and was originally known as The Lake Buena Vista Shopping Village. This 120 acre shopping, dining, and entertainment complex is loaded with great things to do and consume if you'd like to spend a day away from the parks. Parking is free here unlike the validation system that the Anaheim location has. There are three main areas here. Either the Marketplace (East Side) or Pleasure Island & West Side: Market Place (or East Side) Earl of Sandwich Ghirardelli Ice Cream and Chocolate Shop Rainforest Cafe - Reservations highly recommended Build A Dino by Build-a-Bear Workshop with Build-a-Bear coming in 2014 Lego Imagination Center Cap'n Jack's Restaurant Goofy's Candy Company Little Miss Matched Fulton's Crab House - (Riverboat) Reservations highly recommended Team Mickey Athletic Club The Carousel Disney's Pin Traders Pollo Campero Once Upon a Toy Wetzel's Pretzels/Haagen Dazs TrenD Wolfgang Puck and WGP Express World of Disney - Gigantic Disney owned Merchandise Store Pleasure Island (and West Side) T-Rex: A Prehistoric Family Adventure (owned by the folks at RF, but Dinosaur themed - Reservations highly recommended RideMakerz Bodie's All American Splitsville Luxury Lanes - Reservations highly recommended Cooke's of Dublin - Reservations highly recommended Harley-Davidson MacGuffins Fuego by Sosa Cigar Shop Curl by Sammy Duval Something Silver Portobello Adventurer's Hut Paradiso 37 - Reservations highly recommended Raglan Road - Reservations highly recommended AMC Movies at DTD 24 House of Blues - Reservations highly recommended The Front Porch Planet Hollywood - Reservations highly recommended Bongos Cuban Café - Reservations highly recommended DisneyQuest Characters in Flight - Their giant tethered balloon is similar to the one at Irvine's Great Park Apricot Lane Cirque du Soleil- La Nouba - Prepurchased tickets highly recommended - Shows at 6 p.m. and 9 p.m. Tuesday - Saturday Candy Cauldron So as you can see there are a lot of great options. This area is quite beautiful and there are quite a few photo opportunities! I truly enjoy spending time here at DTD. People of all ages should enjoy DTD for various reasons.
Downtown Disney was neat, but sooooo crowded.  At 9pm there were still whole families with very small children running around.  Maybe because there is free parking, so local Orlandoeans (Orlandoeans?  Orlandoites? Orlandoers?) take advantage of the hustle and bustle?  I felt like I could barely walk around without running into a stroller or five. I guess I just expected more of an "adult" vibe from Downtown Disney.  It almost seemed like there were more kids there than I saw at Magic Kingdom. I'd like to try to go when it's not so crowded to enjoy the walking and shops.  The Disney store there is beautiful, I just couldn't enjoy it with all of the people knocking into me!
Yes yes yes. Downtown Disney is always a consistently good time. I love their dine-in theater and their Raglan Road restaurant - some of my favorite places in Orlando, actually. House of Blues is decent for an evening out (club/concert) and you can always splurge on Disney Quest tickets (they actually start selling them for a discounted price after a certain time) or Cirque du Soleil tickets. There's so many quality things to do here, you can even get your fill from just walking around and browsing all of the shops. Definitely wear some comfortable shoes when coming here, this place is huge. You've got the Marketplace (visit Earl of Sandwich - so good!) and Pleasure Island (which is a little bit more grown-up). My only complaint is how the buildings that used to house the clubs in PI are just sitting there. They said they would add stores within those buildings but it's been that way since 2008. It just gives me a little bit of an empty feeling when I walk past them. :/ Overall this place is great, I've come here with specific plans and have ended up doing something completely different instead but still being satisfied with the alternative plans. Great for family outings, friendly gatherings, and dates! xx MJ
Talk about options! At Downtown Disney, there are things for everyone to do. There are eateries such as Rainforest Cafe and T-Rex Cafe, sandwich shops for quick grab-and-go type foods, and dessert places for those craving some sweets. Eating aside, there's the Lego store and other toy stores for the kids, soap and jewelery shops for the ladies, and benches for the guys to sit and listen to live performances of disney music while waiting for the ladies...I really enjoyed that Disney Art store. I wanted to buy a few sketches, but didn't want to mess them all up during the flight home. So I didn't.  It was fun to browse though. Overall Downtown Disney is a great place to just hang out at night. The bad thing about it though, is the parking. There's almost never parking. Went there 4 times, and all 4 times, had to wait/stalk people for a spot.
Downtown Disney is a must.  You could enjoy the Marketplace side during the day.  The marketplace is more for the children.  I recommend eating at the T-Rex or Rain Forest Cafe for lunch. Have fun snacking at Goofy's Candy Company and shopping at the Disney Store.  The West side and Pleasure Island are more for the nightlife and adults.  While the adults are enjoying themselves at the House of Blues, Bongos, or Cirque De Soliel, the children could have a blast at Disney Quest an incredible indoor interactive theme park.  There is always so much to do and shop that you won't be able to finish in one day.
My sister and I ventured out this morning to Downtown Disney before it got drastically hotter in the afternoon and sadly, half of the place was on construction. Maybe this explains why it was so easy to find good parking (red flag at a tourist attraction- but then again, we did go early in the morning?) The places that were open were delightful to spend time in especially considering how friendly and nice the employees are (which was a nice change up because usually people working at tourist attractions are a bit bosy, grouchy, cranky, etc. But hey, I can't blame them because there jobs are a bit boring and repetitive in the hot sun with tourists (def not easy to deal with on a daily basis). Because this place was under construction there was limited activities and food choices. The ones that were available were a bit expensive to, even for lunch and not that appetizing to my palette (they all had unhealthy basic food like burger and fries) I am sure once this place is fully renovated and construction is finished that this place will be the place full of fun activities, food,  and memorable place I remember it to be when I was a child the last time I went here. Nonetheless, it was still an enjoyable time down memory lane of a place I loved as a kid, but wish everything was renovated so that I could enjoy the place more.
"getaway after the parks" If you are living in Disney resort that's pretty much the entertainment at night once the parks close. Downtown Disney is very interesting but expensive to eat and shop. We went there on the nights when we came early from the parks. It's open till 2 am and lot of action going on there, plus there is a good variety for food joints.
If you are alergic to the pixie dust, avoid this area. Here is what you will find. There will be no characters short of some annoying mimes in face paint acting as statues. I say annoying because these things creep me out. Besides that, people stop and gawk at them and it crowds up an already busy thoroughfare. The parking will be tough. Unless it is from early November to late Febuary, you will be driving around waiting for someone to leave you a spot. There will be hordes of people stopping everywhere to take pictures. There will be very little room to walk in and out of the stores. Food? If you don't have a reservation, I hope you don't mind waiting two hours to get in at the theme places. With that out of the way, if you are actually susceptable to being dusted, then you will love DD. From the stores right down to the restaraunts. The stores are Disney overdose. Everything you can imagine. Is it different than what you see in the parks? Not really. But at least you don't have to cart the stuff around or get it sent to your hotel room, right? The theme restaraunts cover the range from Dinosaurs and rainforests to river boats. The food in these places is typically so-so. The themes are usually done quite well. I love the stores as it concetrates a bunch of stuff in one place. No walking around and searching needed. Is it expensive? If you have to ask that, probably don't shop or eat here. Although, there are a few cheaper alternatives. For food, there is a Mcdonalds. There are also a few sandwich places and stands that save some cash. The stores usually run deals so look for them. other than that, if you are looking to save cash, try the outlets outside of Disney. My favorite things are the lego displays, Once Upon a Toy, and the exploding volcano at Rainforest. I really like fact that you have free wifi throughout as well.
I really enjoy Downtown Disney.  When staying in any of the Disney parcs, this is a great place to hang out at night.   A number of good restaurants like Bongos and Fulton's Crab House... also have a great authentic Irish Pub and a couple of Italian restaurants.   House of Blues is also a great stop, but often host private events, so check with them firsts.   Across the street from Bongos restaurant is a familly run Cigar store.. so if you enjoy a good Cigar and a cool stroll through the crowded streets, you will find a good selection of cigars here.   A lot of great Disney shopping, a bunch of stores where you will find anything Disney themed you are looking for. Has a little construction going, a taxi Drive told me that they are planning on changing the name and them to Downtown Disney again.  Enjoy!
When my family and I visited here last Fourth of July, it was a nice walk minus the rain that day. But hey it's Orlando; it's common to rain hard for a few minutes, stop, then rain again. Considering what Downtown Disney has to offer -- basically restaurants -- there's no strong temptation to buy or ride anything. It's a great place to wind down in, if a group wants a simple happy hour before catching a movie, for example.   We went to a store that sells candied apples (with the Old Witch from "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" serving as the store's mascot). It was cool that the store has a window in the kitchen, so the public can watch employees make the candied apples. We also visited Planet Hollywood. I like how it was free admission for people who only want to see the movie memorabilia. I never thought I'd ever pose next to a dress Kate Winslet wore in "Titanic" or take pictures of the boat from "Forest Gump." Downtown Disney still has the feel of Disney without the company trying to hard sell anybody anything. I'd come here again and eat at a restaurant. I'll even try a candied apple next time!
I went during lunch time and found it very meh. It's a good place to go if you want to buy souvenirs without wasting precious time in the parks doing so. All the shops' merchandise was priced similar to the parks, so don't expect to come here saving money. The large Disney store did have some reasonable priced items, I bought my daughter a board book with a It's a Small World theme, that tells you how to say "Hello" in several different languages, that was pretty much the extent of our souvenir purchases. I stuck to the East end since we were in a bit of a rush, maybe the west end is better?  I just really wasn't wowed at all.  I remember DTD being better when I was a kid. If we had a free night next trip, I might check it out at night and check out the west end, but I won't rearrange my schedule or go out of my way to visit.
Okay, this place sucks.  I think that's because they are doing a major renovation which is suppose to take a couple of years someone told me so it's like walking through a construction site with a bunch of people looking for somewhere to go. I have been to the one at Disneyland and I like it a lot.  Currently, this place bears no resemblance.  Parking was far and difficult. An employee told me they are building the parking structure currently.  I think that I would avoid this place until they have done more of the renovation which may be a while.  It was just busy and there were long lines because as I was told by some locals a lot has been closed in order to do the renovations and expansion so it was just lousy.  Nothing like the city walks you see in Southern California and maybe nothing like it use to be before they started renovating the place.
We went to Downtown Disney for my brother's wedding rehearsal dinner at Wolfgang Puck. DD seems to be the only place (outside of the parks themselves) where you can have a really nice dinner for an event such as this. (Orlando, I'm not impressed with you. Other than Disney, what do you have to offer?) Downtown Disney is sort of a hodge podge of dining and entertainment. You could definitely spend an evening there by going to dinner, a show at Cirque, bowling, or a music event at House of Blues, and topping the evening off at a bar. However, it was a bit too touristy for me. The parking was pretty accessible, however, have some idea of where you are going if you are going to one specific place so you know what entrance to park at. It is organized in a manner that prevents overcrowding which is nice, since this tends to be a huge tourist trap. If you are looking for Disney-esque shopping, DD has you covered. We did not buy some gifts that we needed while in the parks, so we were able to do that at DD before leaving Florida. If you have time, go to DD. If you are in the area and want to save money, you can do DD instead of the parks, and get your feel is Disney.
I was kinda disappointed with this area. The place was crowded and not much to do besides shop for typical Disney toys or spend money on over priced food and drinks. Nothing spectacular here that I noticed
I guess this place is only amazing at night because I went in the morning to the afternoon here and I found it alright. There were plenty of shopping stores, plenty of places to eat and there was little entertainment when we went.  There were adorable kids in an orchestra playing. I saw that they had some activities like the paddleboats and such but nothing that caught my eye. This place is huge that they had to split it into sections.  Pretty cool how they have a Cirque du Soleil tent and a Disney Interactive Play thing.   The biggest disappointment would have to be "Pleasure Island".  I was expecting it to be like Pinocchio and have a rowdy ass time.  I didn't see anything like that.  Boo! Maybe next time I can go out at night.  Maybe it's more lively.
I'm excited to see what Downtown Disney is going to turn into over the next few years. Disney Springs will take it to a whole new level (disneyparks.disney.go.co…). The aches & pains of maneuvering around construction I'm sure will be present, but if Disney does one thing well, it's not hampering your experience while they work to make it better. Considering all the great times I've spent at DtD, I can't wait to see what they plan to do next. If you need to get away, but don't have the Disney Dollars to spend on a park ticket, Downtown Disney can give you that fix. Between House of Blues, Cirque du Soleil and the new high end bowling alley I have yet to try, there is plenty to do. Food wise, you can grab a quick bite at a variety of places depending on what your mood may be: Wolfgang Puck's, Bongo's, Planet Hollywood. Earl of Sandwich is always a great option too for something quick. And as always, there is plenty of shopping. You can spend hours in World of Disney alone.
Downtown Disney is a great place, especially for parents, to get a bit of the Disney experience without having to go into a park.  There are some very good restaurants here (Portofino, Fulton Crab House, Raglan's Irish Pub to name a few), some great shopping, and the Lego displays near the Lego Store (which made my son's head explode).   It does get VERY crowded on a Friday or Saturday night, but Sunday nights and the middle of the week are less so.  There are actually three areas here...Downtown Disney Marketplace, Downtown Disney West Side, and Downtown Disney Pleasure Island.  If you like shopping for Disney merchandise you HAVE to hit the World of Disney Store...it's gigantic.  Seriously, there is a LOT to do here.  Go get your drink on, do some shopping, hear some great music (House of Blues, Raglan Road), see a movie.  It's all here. Parking can be a real hassle and the lots are mini death-traps at times so be forewarned.  If you're shopping or eating here don't expect to find any bargains...this is still the House of Mouse.  Still, I think it's a lot of fun...for both kids and adults.  It's a definite GO-TO place if you can get to it.
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, this is one of the most flattered shopping venues in the world.  It has been reinvented multiple times since the 1990's, and now it looks like it is adding a much needed parking deck.  Nice selection of dining and shopping and entertainment venues.  Initially targeted at adults, it still maintains an after hours presence, but also supports families during the day.  Worth a day to visit, away from the parks.  Parking is a challenge, unless you come very early or are willing to wait.  The model has been duplicated around the country, with multiple themed shopping centers popping up in most major metro areas.
Downtown Disney has changed quite a bit in the past decade or so. Some of my favorites are no longer present, the dining scene has changed quite a bit, and the entertainment has certainly improved. Still all of the house favorites: Cirque, Disney Quest, AMC 24, House of Blues, and Puck's on the West Side. The East Side is definitely more retail-based. The Lego store, World of Disney and so on draws quite the crowd. One of my biggest laments is that Virgin Megastore isn't around anymore....anywhere, that is. I used to love when it was down on the West Side. It was like a B&N or Borders on steroids. One of the latest and most interesting additions is the hot air balloon ride they've added on the West Side. Dude....This joker goes up over 400ft and is massive. It fits at least a half dozen people at a time. On a day with great visibility, the views have to be incredible. Downtown Disney still has an incredibly large place in my heart. Still love the mouse!
In the parks and resort areas of Disney World, Disney struggles to do what it seems to be trying to do, and that is, be all things to all people. Instead the parks offer few thrill rides for teens and young adults, and they tend to appeal more to aggressive stroller pushers, scooter drivers, and the very small children and grandchildren of those groups. Enter Downtown Disney. Downtown manages to offer a festive atmosphere for all ages. Want to see a cirque show? Then leave the teens at the movies or at Disney Quest where they will have fun and be contained. Want to let the little ones have fun at dinner, then burn off steam before bedtime? Then there are great options such as Rainforest Cafe and T Rex for dinner before heading to the Lego Store or World of Disney. And, for the adults who have had to dodge diapers floating in the resort pool or who have had their Achilles heels bruised by strollers at the Magic Kingdom, there are great restaurants and bars such as Raglan Road, House of Blues, and Fulton's. Sure, Downtown Disney is a highly commercialized spectacle of marketing, selling, up-selling, and over-selling. However, isn't that what most all of us knew that Disney World is in the first place before we came back for the fifth time? Downtown Disney can rope you in to spending more money than you have, just like any of the parks; and it can get crowded between 7-9 p.m.  However, it can also be a fun evening stroll or a night out.  There is something for everyone here.
There's nothing bad you can say about this place. It's hip and happening! There are live music and performers all day long. Great places to eat at. Tons of stores to shop in and real pretty to look at during the night time. If you go to Disney world and don't hang out here then you missed one of the major attractions about Disney World.
Downtown Disney is so huge! I only went through one part of it, the side that had Earl of Sandwich, and I was already tired. The Disney store there was huge. If you need a break from the parks and long lines, this place is nice. Good restaurant choices and shops and activity places.
I was quite impressed with the Downtown Disney here in Orlando/Buena Vista, especially compared to the one in Anaheim, CA. For one, there's a LOT LOT LOT more stuff to see and do here.  You have the Downtown Disney side and the Pleasure Island side.  A worker there informed me that Pleasure Island used to be privately owned, where they used to have tons of nightclubs and stuff.  But now it's owned by Disney... and you can see the continued Disney influence here. Pleasure Island includes the movie theatre, Disney Quest (like an arcade, which I recently found out has some killer design-your-own roller coaster that you get to ride in a jet simulator), Candy Cauldron, a Cuban restaurant, Wolfgang Puck, and many more. Downtown Disney side included an English food/pub restaurant, Fullton's Crab House, Ghiradelli's Ice Cream shop, Lego store (w/ a killer dragon IN THE LAKE), an outside theatre w/ live music, Pollo Campero, and (my personal fav) a new Earl of Sandwich.  NOTE: Earl here is $5.99 (same price as in Vegas at Planet Hollywood and $1 cheaper than the Earl in Anaheim Downtown Disney). The only hang up is the parking and lengthy-ness it takes to enter the parking. Eat.  Drink.  Listen to music. Be Disney-entertained.
Total tourist trap but I nice way to end the day just walking around shops, having a nice dinner.  It seemed like there was a wait time for every restaurant so be prepared ... for more lines.
Jealous, so very jealous! I'll be the first to admit that I like but not love Anaheim's Downtown Disney district. The restaurants there are average to below average and they don't really have many shops that cater to my tastes. Walt Disney Worlds Downtown Disney is a whole other animal. They have two places that automatically made me a fan and also made me very, very jealous. Those two shops are Earl of Sandwich and the Ghirardelli Soda Fountain and Chocolate Shop. I would give up every restaurant in Anaheim's DD for just those two joints. Hell, I'd give them all up for just Earl. Besides the two places I named above, what I love about this DD is how massive in size it is. This 120 acre entertainment, shopping and dining complex is divided into three separate areas, each offering different shops, restaurants, bars and entertainment. I will quickly list the three areas and a few highlights in each section. Market Place; Earl of Sandwich Ghirardelli Rainforest Cafe Lego Imagination Center Goofy's Candy Company Mickey's Mart (Everything is shop $10 & under) Team Mickey Athletic Club (Sports apparel) TrenD (My favorite shop. Newer, more hip Disney clothing & appeal) World of Disney Pleasure Island; T-Rex: A Prehistoric Family Adventure (thin Rainforest Café except with Dinos) Cooke's of Dublin (Irish pub & restaurant) Harley-Davidson Fuego by Sosa Cigar Shop Curl by Sammy Duval (High end surf shop) Design-A-Tee A bunch of different bars West Side; House of Blues Planet Hollywood Bongos Cuban Café DisneyQuest (Think Dave & Busters type of arcade) Characters in Flight (Giant tethered balloon ride) Cirque du Soleil- La Nouba (Awesome Cirque show) Candy Cauldron (Beautiful looking candy shop) Hoypoloi (art glass, ceramics, sculpture and other decorative items) Another great thing about this DD is the parking is absolutely free, no stupid validation system going on here. They also have ferry boats that will take across a lake to Disney's Boardwalk area, which offers more shopping, dining and entertainment. When visiting WDW, a trip to Downtown Disney is a must. Even if you only go to visit Earl and Ghirardelli, it's worth it. **Update** I just found out that a Ghirardelli Soda Fountain and Chocolate Shop is scheduled to be built at Disney's California Adventure in 2012. Now all we need is an Earl!
After spending the day at Blizzard Beach Water Park, we got back to our hotel, showered up, and had some dinner.  Kids wanted to stay in and watch TV.  My wife and I told them they can watch TV at home, and told them, we're heading out, since it's our last night in Orlando. Our destination was Downtown Disney Yes, Downtown Disney is very touristy.  But so what?  We're tourists, we're not going to deny it, and I'm not going pooh-pooh so-called tourist traps. It's all about spending our last night as family in Orlando. Over the past 8 nights we were here in Orlando, the evenings, though cooler than in the day time, were still humid, and a bit sticky.  This evening was different.  The weather though warm, it was pleasant and was not as humid.  Very comfortable, it was perfect (static1.px.yelp.com/phot…). Downtown Disney comprises of 3 areas: Downtown Disney Westside, Downtown Disney Marketplace, and Pleasure Island.  All three of these areas contain 20 restaurants and food stands, 36 shops, two attractions (DisneyQuest and Characters in Flight), as well as Cirque du Soleil and an AMC theatre. It's pretty lively in the evening with family, friends, and couples walking up and down the walkways.  There's lively music and lots of flashing lights throughout this place (static2.px.yelp.com/phot…). We spent an about an hour and a half in DisneyQuest, an indoor interactive theme park where, believe it or not, I got a litlle nauseated from one of those virtual rides.  We browsed through some of the shops, and the kids and I found The Candy Cauldron, where we spent a good 15 minutes in this store.  We ended up at the Ghiradelli's Chocolate Shop for chocolate samples and  ice cream (static1.px.yelp.com/phot…) It was fun just strolling down the walkways, and browsing through the shops, but it was also fun people-watching.  It's a perfect place for those who want to unwind after a day in the Parks, but don't want to be cooped up in their hotel rooms. Hopefully the kids will remember this evening as they start school the next week.
If you're looking for a break away from the parks Downtown Disney is a great place to hang out. There are buses that go to and from here to the parks and resort so if you have some time you really should check it out. Downtown Disney has more restaurants and shops than you can wish for. They also have many events here as well. There was a concert when I was there for the kiddos. Cirque du Soleil's La Nouba also runs daily shows here.  There's definitely something for the whole family. If you collect Vinylmations you definitely need to visit D Street. Don't know what Vinylmations are? Good. Try your hardest to stay away from these things. They have set me back a couple grand and are more addictive than crack. For the suckers that have fallen into this trap, myself included, this is your mecca. A store dedicated to these overpriced pieces of plastic you say? Yup.  Just remember there ARE other stores out there. Don't be like me and spend hours here. They also have a huge Legos store there with huge models made of these blocks. Very cool. Make sure to bring your camera as there's a lot to take pictures of! Also, don't forget your walking shoes if you plan to explore this area. It's ginormous and you're going to hate yourself for not listening to me. Just trust me :)
I came here to grab dinner one night.  It reminds me of the Downtown Disney in Anaheim only bigger.  Much bigger.  There are more restaurants and more stores for you to spend your money. I liked this Downtown Disney because it had a wider variety of restaurants to choose from.  We were able to fill our bellies and then shop our hearts out.  It was only my first night in Florida, and I already bought a ton of souvenirs!  I'm a sucker for cute things...I should not be allowed to shop unsupervised.
Yes, it's tourist central but I think sometimes we forget how lucky we are to have awesome places like this in our own back yard. Yes, the prices are high and yes, there are tons of people who are dressing their kids in glitter and tiaras butttt... it's just a nice place to walk around, grab a drink or a hot fudge sundae and take it all in. There are great restaurants sprinkled throughout along with some great shopping. It's just a fun part of Disney that we get to enjoy without having to pay anything if we don't want to. They have some great entertainment too. I remember coming here when I was little on our vacations from PA and I thought I was in the coolest place ever... now I live minutes away. I like going here and walking around every once in a while. Free parking is a huge plus!
With every visit to Orlando this is a must stop. Downtown Disney will have you entertained for hours. From stores to dining to entertainment you have it all here. One of my fav places to go is the Ghirardelli Ice Cream & Chocolate Shop, their ice cream sundaes and shakes are unbelievable. If your visiting for the first time I suggest you research the stores and make reservations for dining it will come in handy. The downfall is parking, must be very patient. It might take you a while to find a spot.
*Downtown Disney To Do List* {Entertainment} Cirque du Soleil La Nouba {Cheap Eats} Earl of Sandwich, Fresh A-Peel {Shopping} (or in my case, Window Shopping) Goofy's Candy Co- Satisfy your sweet tooth Magnetron Magnetz- Oooo doughnut magnets, cool! Ridemakerz- Build your own toy car, double cool World Of Disney- Every Disney lovers dream. Toys from the left and stuffed animals on your right whisper "buy me buy me." D Street- Vinylmation Explosion! Lego Store- Huge lego creations inside and all around the store.
A close second to the Downtown Disney, Anaheim Similar set up. They pretty much have two parts to the district. There is Downtown Disney and then Pleasure Island. I am not too sure of the difference. The two combined make for a nice walk, good eats and plenty of shopping!
OMG!!!  I love Downtown Disney!!!  It's so not fair that this one in Florida is so much bigger than the one in California!  :( During the time I was here for a week in 2009, I must have went to DD 5 times!  It was great to walk around and enjoy the scenery.   We got to watch La Nouba-the resident Cirque du Soleil show at DD, eat at Wolfgang Puck Cafe, and enjoy the free shuttle from the parks to our hotel. I cant wait to come back!!  Soon, very soon!
We love this place as something to do that does not charge you to get in but yet is on Disney property. The place is awesome but it does have its downs, during Disney busier season it can be a nightmare especially in the later evenings when the grown ups want to wind down from the parks and pleasure island can be packed. Right now the parking is totally chaotic since they are redoing the entire Downtown Disney area and the parking is under major construction and now a big portion of it has been reserved recently for only Valet so finding a place to park on your own can be an adventure on it's own, which sometimes if you are willing to go around and around rather than parking across the street by the casting building can be more than half an hour as you watch parking stalkers drive around and around in hopes of the perfect spot that is most likely not going to happen. I am really excited to see the new development and what is to come once they transform this place in to Disney springs, some of the places people love though are being shut down like I know there is no longer a baby cakes since they shut that down, but with the listing of some of the soon to be listed restaurants coming in the next few years I can't help be excited as a cast member to watch this place grow and develop, especially if the rumor of a Morimoto restaurant really happens! We love mostly the shopping aspect and side of down town disney where you find Ghiradelli, Mickey's Pantry, World of Disney, and for any fashionable Disnerd like myself would love Trendy! I am not as big a fan of the Pleasure Island side honestly, but I can't wait to catch cirque de soleil or go to Disney quest once the baby is born we may be able to go in there and finally discover! If you are looking for anything and everything Disney definitely recommend World of Disney which has something for anyone! For your kiddos the best place for them will be the Once upon a Toy store which is the ultimate disney toy store! This place has a lot of great things to offer and I can't wait to see what else will come as it develops, but as of now it is a great place to stroll and not have to worry about fast pass this or that, or about hour lines to get on a ride, rather just take a stroll, grab a bite to eat, and enjoy the atmosphere and there always seems to be something fun going on here. PS My husband loves the lego store! lol
I love this place!  And here are the reasons why... 1.  It's Disney! 2.  It's free, unless you want to buy anything, which is fine. 3.  The environment is so uplifting it will make you feel just like you're at the parks, regardless of when you go spring, summer, fall or winter. 4.  Not only are there lots of stores to get lost in, but there are lots of food stores and stops all over the place. 5.  It wouldn't be Disney if there wasn't some sort of performance.  And this place always seems to have some little concert you can catch. 6.  Some of my favorite stores to always hit are World of Disney, Lego, Little Miss Matched, and the Ghirardelli store.  You'll definitely NOT be dissapointed if you just go to these stores, but why stop there? Now there are a few pointers you might want to know. 1.  It is Disney so it will be crowded.  I've never gone there during the day or night when it wasn't packed with people. 2.  Parking.  As you already know it's going to be crowded, so will the parking lot.  So be prepared to drive around to finally get a parking spot. Can you tell I really love this place?  If you need your Disney fix and don't want to fork out just to get into the parks, this is the place to go!  Especially durining the evenings.  So, anyone up for a Disney adventure?
I have visited Downtown Disney countless times; I'm sure it's well over 100. The shops are wonderful to explore, even if you aren't planning on buying anything. I visit quite often, just to stroll the shops and people watch. If you can imagine an item and want a Disney version of it, then this will be the place to find it! It's amazing all the items they have made and sell here with the Disney flair! Tip: Parking is free! Although the parking areas do tend to get pretty crowded at night (especially during peak season) because of the Pleasure Island side which has the AMC Theatre and wonderful restaurants. Women and Teens: Don't miss out on stopping in at "Trends" at The Marketplace. Wonderful, unique items to be found there - a real treat. You don't even have to walk into any of the stores to have a good time. There is so much to see here from the giant Lego sculptures, the beautiful topiaries, and the amazing Disney architecture & design! If I'm not in the mood for the Parks, you can usually find me somewhere roaming around at Downtown Disney!
Downtown Disney is a venue that consists of retail, restaurants, and movie theaters.  I'm not much of a shopper, so I view this as a tourist trap.  Having said that, however, it's a perfect place to hang out as there's plenty to do. I brought my daughter to Orlando for her winter break.  She wanted to go to Disney World.  We purchased the tickets to the Magic Kingdom Christmas event, which doesn't start until 4 p.m.  We came here and hung out.  It was a beautiful day, and it wasn't overcrowded.
It was really cool walking around downtown disney. It seem like there was something to do for all age groups. The Lego structures were also, I hope to go back and go inside the next time. While we were there, we visited an amazing tequila bar. Nice place to walk around and I would definitely return if i am in the area.
Just like Amy K. had said, I too was expecting this downtown to look like the one in Anaheim.  This one is huge and very spread out so you don't walk into other people! The stores here are way better than Anaheim!  My favorite store of all was the Disney Christmas Store, where you can pick out gorgeous christmas decorations and get them personalized! The best part of the day, was finding out that you DON'T have to carry all your crap around with you.  You fill out a paper with your resort and room number, and they will deliver your stuff to your respective resort gift shop, and will be waiting for you to pick up, usually the next day!  Another great perk Disney has to offer! There seemed to be a lot of restaurants down here..unfortunately, I had no time to try any of them. However I do encourage you to take a few hours from your Disney-Extravaganza to come down here and explore.   There is something for everyone down here!
This was our first time in WDW and we wanted to check out the Disney Store.  The waterplay fountain was a big hit with our girls.  Definitely bring a change of clothes if your little ones like to get wet!   The shopping was okay, we aren't big into souvenirs or Disney paraphernalia.  We enjoyed our dinner at Cooke's of Dublin. I'm not sure I'd make a stop here again unless we were really craving fish and chips.
Every time I go to Orlando I always find myself wandering around downtown Disney, and loving it! I went this weekend on a Saturday night around 10. There were plenty of people, from all ages and backgrounds, also walking around enjoying the evening. There is really something for everyone here, tons of shopping (not just disney only items but also the sosa cigar shop among other places), music (house of blues), live shows at cirque du soleil, great food (rainforest, planet Hollywood, bongos), bars as well as movies, bowling and live performers out on the waterway. It's family friendly but also has some great spots for adults. I had a blast and look forward to going back next time I visit Orlando
Oddly enough, despite my hatred of strip malls - which is what Downtown Disney is in a nutshell - we spent a huge amount of time in Downtown Disney.  Probably because there were some super yummy restaurants, and the Lego Super Store, as well as the AMC theater, where we watched "Watchmen" in a remarkably clean theater with very few people (although one person brought in their newborn baby.  To a 11pm showing.  Of Watchmen.  How is this appropriate?  EVER?!?). Oh yeah, and it's the only part of the Walt Disney World complex that was free to get in.  HAHA! We came down here for dinner twice, and walked around and did a bunch of souvenir shopping.  For those of you who are staying in a resort/hotel in Walt Disney World - take advantage of their resort-delivery service!  It's free, and it's great to not have the lug around tons of bags!  Of course, the downfall is that you tend to forget what you've bought, and you end up overbuying on the souvenirs - which I'm sure they were counting on.  Heh, brilliant marketing! A few key things to note: Avoid "Pleasure Island".  Although it no longer cost extra to get in, it's still a dark and lonely "dead zone" in the middle of Downtown Disney.  Actually, while walking through there at 10:30pm one night, it was downright creepy.  Sort of like finding yourself wandering down the wrong side of town and worried about the possibility of getting mugged by some cartoon mice.  Sad and empty bars, no real "clubs", and a pathetic assortment of restaurants.  Eh. There is a Cirque du Soliel on the West Side.  I had forgotten about this, and didn't get tickets.  However, one night, we again forgot, and ended up getting stuck behind the "theater dinner crowd".  Plan accordingly. Although there are souvenir shops all over the Disney complex, I personally preferred shopping for stuff in Downtown Disney.  The selection is pretty much the same, however the stores are larger, less crowded and with more staff, so it was much more pleasurable then shopping in the theme parks.
Downtown Disney is really cool area aside from the Disney parks because it's a change in itinerary for that week.  I'd say it's probably best for eating at because there are a variety of restaurants. The restaurants and eateries include: Planet Hollywood, Paradiso 37, Bongos café (Cuban), Rainforest Café, a seafood place in a boat (that doesn't move) called something crab shack (cant remember the name), an Irish restaurant with fish and chips (and fried candy bars), El Pollo Campero, a dinosaur restaurant, a jazz/blues spot, Ghirardelli soda fountain (don't know why they call it that, it has desserts, chocolate, and sandwiches, and I think that might be it. If you get the chance read my reviews on Paradiso 37, and Rainforest Café so you know which one to dine at and which one to stay far away from!!! Besides the eateries, you'll also find a vast number shops, and some entertainment such as: a Movie theater, Disney quest (indoor five floor arcade), Cirque Du Soleil the show, the lego store, Little Miss Mismatched (which has a bunch of socks and underwear...go figure), and of course more Disney stores with more Disney CRAP! The one thing that ticked me off about Disney World is the Fact that each store sells the SAME exact shit, and at Downtown Disney it's the same dam thing; all these silly stores with pointless souvenirs!! There are also some other stores like Pacsun, and Wet Seal (yes like the one in the mall), where you get to step out of Mickey land for a few moments.  The Lego store is also in downtown Disney, and while I have no desire to even see the sight of Legos, some of the designs are really intriguing (like the dragon). Downtown Disney is easily accessible if your staying at a Disney resort; they provide a bus which is about a 15 minute ride from the hotels.  If you're at Disney World definitely check out Downtown Disney.  Its nice switch from the parks, and a different experience than most "downtown" areas one would be used to!
I actually like this place, its free so whats not to like? I get to see a bunch of odd tourists that make me laugh. They pay our taxes I like that. The bad, is the parking at times, but its free as well. The restaurants are mostly tourist traps, dont even get me started on places like the Rain Forest. They got rid of the McDonalds which was probably the cheapest place on the boardwalk. They have a place called Earl of Sandwich that yelpers like for some reason. I havent been there, we kind of plan eating off site prior to going. The highlight is usually going to the Lego store, we have also been on the boat rides which can be fun. The kids like this place enough. I like Disney more then Universal City Walk, because they charge to park.  I read that if your a Florida resident and show your license Univeral will let you park for free.  I havent been there in awhile so dont know for sure when its free.
What a great place to pass the day just walking around (even if you don't buy anything), especially if you have kids or are a kid at heart. It's a huge outdoors mall. (Like Orlando needs anymore malls. Hahaha) There are a lot of cute scenic views to take pics with friends or family, like the giant Lego figures near the Lego store. A lot of the stores feature a specific Disney character. My favorite thing here is a giant Stitch that spits out water. You can't miss him with all the kids standing underneath waiting to get splashed. I can't wait to take my son here! The only drawback are the high prices in the restaurants. But that's to be expected from Disney.
Somewhere in Brazil, some teenaged boy has a picture of me with his friends throwing fake gang signs while maintaining serious facial expressions.... in front of the Lego loch ness monster. When I saw the kids in their bright yellow tourist group T-shirts posing for the picture, I wanted to laugh out loud, but instead, I joined them. This was all outside of Legoland, in the middle of Downtown Disney, where there are tubs of legos for kids to play with, a playground, and a variety of lego sculptures including a life-sized family walking a dog and the huge green monster in the lake. Legoland was probably one of most coolest spots out there. As was the T-Rex restaurant, where huge animatronic dinosaurs simultaneously freak out and inspire awe in the little kids. And the Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique inside one of the big stores. Actually, I don't know if I'd call the Bibbidi Bobbidi thing cool or just highly amusing... where little girls get transformed into princesses with funky hair styles and fairy dust, tiaras, slippers and gowns for only a few hundred dollars! I didn't really know what to expect of Downtown Disney... I knew it had shops and restaurants but I had always pictured a little fake urban town that was Mickey themed. Instead, it was more like an overcrowded boardwalk on a lake, with a Disney store on every block. Lots of places to poke around and buy stuff, and lots of places to wait in line to eventually eat.
Absolutely LOVE coming here! Been coming here for over 10 years now. I stop by every time I am in town for a conference. As a recovering Disney addict lol, I have to stop by to see if anything new has come up since my last trip there (whether a few months ago or a year ago). :) I can't help! There are soooo many cool shops, filled with items, that you would never see at Disneyland lol. Since I frequent Disneyland often I make sure I only pick up items that say WDW on them otherwise what is the point right? :) Although, I do have to admit that the WOD shop used to carry more ladies shirts that I loved. The look has definitely changed. I'm not pleased with this :/ I try to make it to Pleasure Island and the West Side when I can but normally I'm so beat from 2 hours of 1 shop that I normally go home after finishing up at the Disney Art shop lol. Can't wait to visit again!! Saving my money for you baby!
Lots of comments on here about overpriced souvenirs and this place being a tourist trap.  Maybe so, but you don't have to spend a single penny here.  Free parking and lots of cool stuff to look at, including a stroll through the Rainforest Cafe and T-Rex restaurants.  Also, there is a tethered hot air balloon which will give you a ride to 400ft for $16.   A magic store, movie theater, and dozens of other cool shops.  I've been here a few times, but hardly ever spend money.  I have a good time anyway.
