I have always passed by this store many times and recently I ventured in to try to sell my Authentic Coach bags. The store is small but stocked with vintage to trendy pieces and also Upscale pieces such as Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Gucci, Prada, Etc .. The "authentic" pieces are inside a glass window shelf where the cashiers stand. The non authentic items (high end luxury) - are placed all over the store. The staff here are nice and dressed punk rockish type. This store gave me about the same buying price as Plato's Closet however they store credit is Higher. I opted the cash value however I decided to come back next time as I rethink the decision of selling all my bags for about $200 (9 pcs of authentic coach items - brand new with tags) - the buyer in which I assume was the owner was nice - She offered me water or lemonade from a styrofoam cup as she looked through my brought in items - she then quoted me the $200 cash or $360 store credit option. The items here are def decent. I was eyeing a Louis Vuitton Bag priced at $699 but I was debating if I really needed it - The employee states the bag has caught many customers - but it hasnt been sold as yet. I also saw a pair if YSL sandal heels for $99! I would def come back here every 2 weeks perhaps to see restocked new items coming in - But so far I hear some items that are posted on instagram - Those items sell out fast they do nor hold items! Layaway service is avail with 25% down and 2 months to pay. That service is useable for those high end luxury items!
I had a great time today shopping considering this was my first time shopping at dechoes. They had a deal going on which was 15 to fill up a bag of clothing.  They assigned you a number which was very organized in the order to go shopping. If you are into vintage clothing and unique items this is your place. I was able to get anything from beautiful dresses vintage unique accessories and expensive hair products all for the price of 15 dollars. If you sign up for email  they will notify you when they're having events like $15.00 dollars fill a bag.
I recently went to the College park location after repeated disappointments at the Colonial Drive location, and this place seemed worlds apart. The girl working at the counter was super friendly and awesome, unlike any employee I have encountered at the Colonial location. I had an appointment to bring stuff in and she took nearly everything and I got a very fair price for it all. She was a little busy with other customers so it took a while but I didn't mind browsing the racks--there was quality stuff on them unlike what I've seen at the other location. Very fair priced vintage and lots of Anthropologie and Urban Outfitters brands, and the quality of the clothing was really good as well--no stains, rips, pilling, etc. Will definitely be coming back to this location--but the Colonialtown one....not so much...
So, I have been going to Dechoes since I moved here in 2009 but as of late, I am not as much of a fan as I used to be. Don't get me wrong, the customer service is great. The clothes not so much. Every time I go in, most of the clothing is left overs of fashions that I wouldn't see on most people. They are so picky when they pick their clothes but almost none of it is that great. I don't know if it's the same with the women's clothing, but the mens clothing is just not cute.
My husband loves the stuff in the men's clothing section. He always finds something sweet that looks great. The women's section isn't as great when it comes to clothing, but their bag selection is great. Every time I've gone in they've had LV, Burberry, Coach, and other better brands of bag. The jewelry is hit or miss, but when they have a lot, you can usually find something you really want. Staff is super nice and the merch doesn't leave the store smelling like a lot of resale shops. I just bought a bag there and it almost has a sweet orange blossom smell instead of the usual stale smell of other shops.
I've shopped here many times mainly for the handbags. To me, the selection is greater for handbags compared to the other location however, I prefer the clothes at the other location because it's more modern versus vintage. Although, I had a 1920s Gatsby party to attend and I found a fringe dress, menswear peep toe heels, and jewelry. The staff there is always so sweet to offer water or lend a hand. You will always find an LV bag and among other designer brands. Don't forget to search high and low above the racks to be sure you are not missing out on anything. Also, sign up for their email list and get notifications of their bag sale and other promotions. Totally worth it!
This place has some great stuff. From homemade flour sack shirts to bad 80's gothic nightmare prom dresses. You can find some pretty nice Coach stuff and some really cool hats. I tried on a 70's style bright orange  polyester pant suit that was just ... well let's just say I didn't buy it. But I still loved it. The staff is super friendly and there's always some interesting tunes playing. If you're looking for some vintage stuff or a neat-o one of a kind item that someone's mom probably made this is definitely the place to go. I actually had fun flipping through the items on their racks and I can't often say that about clothes shopping. Fun! Who knew?
Dechoes is an amazing vintage/resale shop here in Orlando with three locations for which you to choose from.  Each location can very in selection so if you ever have a pretty open Saturday I would suggest hitting up all three.  Make an appointment first to have one of their experienced buyers sift through a few of your older things and see if they offer you any store credit or cold hard cash for your things. The Colonial and Bumby location is a little hard to find and get to unless you have been there once or twice.  right next to the Win Dixie on Bumby, Dechoes is slightly tucked away and their selection is a little limited in comparison to the other two.  It's my favorite location to sell at because it's rarely packed and its a pretty quick trip.
The stock here usually includes a good collection of trendy mall brands, vintage apparel, a smattering of hipster duds and all the accoutrements you could possibly need for any of the aforementioned, including hats, shoes, bags, and jewelry. There is absolutely no telling what you will find in a given trip, whether it's 90s-flashback Bongo shorts, 5" Louboutin heels or a wall clock built into a wooden slab-carving of Jesus. Yes, those are all things I saw on a recent visit.  Floor space is about 80% women's/20% men's, and while this store is smaller than its College Park Dechoes counterpart it's about 150% of the size of the former space they occupied in this same strip-mall. Staff is always super-friendly and helpful. I've both bought and sold items here, and have been happy with both processes. Tip: if you want to sell, make an appointment! It seems like half the time when I'm there, someone walks in randomly looking to sell a bag of stuff and has to be turned away because the store is booked or there's no buyer on hand.
Something in here for everyone. Fitting room is comfortable. Clerk does not hound you, so that gets you extra points. Discount card for 15% off after a few stamps and you get an extra stamp if you don't need a bag. I found a cute denim dress :-)
They have the most incredible buys! You can dress in designer clothes for a fraction of what it would cost new. On top of that, it is so much fun to browse the shop. They don't have trash like most vintage stores. Top quality resale stuff and the staff is always so nice. Although they carry a lot of todays styles, it is still like a walk back in time to see the vintage decor and clothing. O-Woww Factor: On todays trip I found 2 pairs of Salvatore Ferragamo loafers for $14.99...steal!! Love it. Mean it. Great for looking funky!
This location is pretty similar to the one on Edgewater Dr. (that's the one I go to the most since it's within walking distance of my house), though perhaps I favor the one closer to me not because of the convenience but because of the selection. I'd guess about 85-90% of everything I've bought from this chain has been purchased at the Edgewater Dr. location simply because it seems to have a better selection. I did see a lot of stuff I wanted at the Colonial Dr. location when I stopped in today, though, but since I eat too much I couldn't fit into a few shirts. (Ugh. I need to go on a diet. Damn you, food trucks!) The Colonial Dr. Dechoes has a nice selection and the prices are just as they are at the Edgewater Dr. store, though it's just my opinion that the latter has a better selection, at least as far as stuff for men goes. The staff at the Colonial Dr. store is very friendly. I purchased only one t-shirt here today and it came to a little more than $5 after tax. She let me take a few flyers for Wally's that advertise you can get one free drink/day with the flyer, so I took a couple. I thought she might've only let me take one, but I took 2. There only were 3, so I left the last one for whoever's lucky enough to spot it on the counter ... and also brave enough to go to Wally's! Anyway, back to my review of Dechoes - yes, I recommend going here and checking out the inventory. You're likely to find at least a few items of interest either at this location or at the Edgewater Dr. one. Both stores usually have an interesting and cool selection of shoes/sneakers for men, too!
I like it! A consignment shop not geared only towards teenagers or old ladies. Cute, funky, stylish dresses and outfits that I would wear! If only that one dress fit... sigh. You have a good chance of coming across the likes of Betsey Johnson designs in here, so pick  through those racks carefully and try everything on!
I personally am not a huge fan of resale. I think that I can get better deals online and at sales, and I don't like clothes that have been worn by a stranger. When I heard that the Colonial Drive location was having a bag sale ($15 for everything you could stuff in a bag) I decided to give it a try. The shop had a nice set up and the items for sale weren't bad. I went with my sister and between the two of us, we got 5 items, four for her and a blouse for me. Luckily if you only wanted a couple items you could pay $2 each. There were a few things that concerned me about this bag sale though. The first was the actual bags, they were pretty small. Since individual items were $2 a piece, it was hard to even get more then 7 items in the bag to make it worth it. If other shoppers didn't notice this, then I'm sure a lot of them paid more then they should have. The second was the employee outside "monitoring" the sale. I mentioned to him that there were several shoppers taking multiple items off the racks and taking them off to the side so no one else could even look at them till they had tried them on and his answer was "yea, a couple people have mentioned that." Not helpful at all. The last thing that I found troubling was the keg. Free Yuengling is sweet, but it was unattended and with the crowd it was probably easy access to underagers. I think that was my first and last bag sale. If you are into "vintage" clothes then you will love this place. But for me, I'll pass.
vintage can be hit or miss depending on the selection at any given time, but it seems like the buyers here have a good eye for cute and wearable pieces. i liked the variety of clothing and accessories, and the staff was super-helpful and nice. i walked away with a cute jean vest and a semi-slutty dress that i couldn't say no to despite the fact that i have no idea what to wear it to besides tha club. my only complaint (as is my complaint with many vintage stores) is that the sizing tends to run HUGE. like, i tried on a small sweatshirt and it came down to my knees. can't win 'em all!
i haven't bought anything from here but they look like they have some good stuff! i brought in some clothes and shoes to sell. a few pointers - 1) appointment is a must before you bring in your items to sell 2) they don't give you cash, they cut you a check or give store credit when they buy your stuff 3) couple brands they don't take - american eagle, hollister and abercrombie.
I always get compliments on the things I buy from Dechoes. The buyers are trained well and know how to spot quality items. There are 2 locations to choose from in Orlando, on Colonial and Edgewater.  I personally have found great deals in both locations. They also do fun "Wine Not Wednesday" nights featuring free food from various local restaurants, wine, and live music. Dechoes is a great place to find a fun, unique outfit for everything from a night out on the town to a funky work getup. Check it out, you won't be sorry.
After visiting Plato's I decided to venture over to Dechoes. Two different worlds fyi. Dechoes is geared more to that vintage hipster who likes to pay $30 bucks for an used pair of designer jeans. I go for fit aka what can fit my butt without having that underwear or crack peek out when I sit down. That's just me. The store is never really busy like across the street but I am sure they have their own following if they have two stores. The store made me feel like I was walking onto the set of mean girls and I was not the popular kid in hs. lol
I can't quite put my finger on why but I really don't like this Dechoes location. I always get a snooty vibe from the people working, they have almost nothing over a size 12, and they just seem to have less quality things than their sister store in College Park. Much more "Goodwill" kind of stuff at this one.
I have had nothing but good experiences every time I've been to Dechoes. I love the customer service as well as everything they have to offer. It's eclectic and fun yet still stylish and "normal" enough that I could wear it in everyday occasions. I have found many great finds there as well as sold my clothes several times. I would recommend this to anyone!!
