I've actually been back here a few times, trying out the scope of the menu. - It is the scope of combinations that are available for both salads and pizza that really wins me over. - The sheer number of choices at GNPK is slightly daunting, but left me with the feeling that if I ended up with a meal that I did not love, then it was my error that contributed. - I'm still trying out pizza places in the Syracuse area, but I'll keep coming back to GNPK.
We ordered our pizza to go, brought it home, and it was limp! The crust was oddly  big and puffy, like the top crust of a loaf of white bread. Picking a slice up to eat was almost impossible. Also, the sauce was overly sweet. Won't order from there again.
I've always been a fan of Great Northern since they opened in Fayetteville.  While I wouldn't say I love their food, I do enjoy what they have to offer compared to a typical pizza joint.   Their pizza is very diverse in both style of the pie and the toppings offered.  You will have a traditional cheese slice sitting next to a piece of crust with a salad artfully arranged on top (Mediterranean slice).    The crust has a slight cinnamon flavor which I kind of like, although some of my friends do not share this sentiment.  So much for trying something a bit different.   They have a make your own sandwich and salad menu, which is pretty cool.  Try the Nutty Goat salad - pretty excellent.  Their Baja Chicken sandwich is very good.   Price is a bit higher from a normal pizza place/restaurant, but normal for Fayetteville.  They have delivery of their food, but it seems to be pretty slow usually and occasionally they won't offer it if they don't have a person scheduled for it (to be fairly this has only happened to me once or twice max).   Give Great Northern a shot if you're looking for something quick in the Fayetteville Town Plaza and want to skip Panera Bread or don't' have time to sit down at one of the other restaurants.  A bonus to Great Northern is their proximity to King David, so if you have a chance of heart, you can always grab some falafel instead since they share a door :)
I came here 10 days before christmas this year and it was bad, the ambience was great but the foodYUCK, The pizza tasted like grease and was sloppy. I do not plan to come back.
Took my wife and 2 little crumb snatchers to Great Northern Pizza Kitchen today to see if they had "the best pizza on planet earth" as there take-out menu claims. We ordered some breadsticks to start with because my wife was starving and could not wait for the pizza to arrive. For our pizza we ordered just a cheese w/pepperoni , not very adventurous I know especially considering the place has over 60 toppings and about 40 speciality pizzas on the menu. The pizza came pretty quick and was great. The crust had kind of a sweet taste to it and the toppings were delicious. To finish off we shared some of the homemade cookies, chocolate chip & oatmeal raisin. All in all I spent about $25.00 and we all left happy.
This is a nice local place. However customer service lacks greatly. Has problems getting orders correct first time. Yet they are always willing to fix the mistake without hesitation. Word to the wise "always check your order before you leave" but AMZING PIZZA best pie around!!!!!!!!!!! Stars reflect service not value of pizza!!
Worst gluten free pizza I've ever had. Hardly any toppings, I asked for artichoke and there were like 2 pieces of leaf. I asked for pepperoni, no pepperoni. Pico de gallo? Not on this pizza, there was a meager spread of sauce. I ordered no cheese but they didn't even give me more than a tablespoon of sauce. The crusts were hard, flavorless and cardboard like. Pass on this one, you could make a better pizza with the gluten free crusts from Wegmans. Two words: Never again.
This place is great for family pizza night out. Visited recently with 2 little ones and sat out back in the mall courtyard. They've got a good variety of choices on the menu, we chose the Pepperoni and Mediterranean pies along with a double hit of the hot chicken wings (party of 9). The food was decent. Throw in some drinks and our bill was $50, not too shabby. If I were back in the area, I'd consider returning.
Great selection of pizza and salads.  Didn't check out the soups, but I've heard that they're good too.  Service was prompt and friendly.  I tried the mac 'n cheese pizza (excellent cheese!) and my lunch companion had the Mediterranean and said the toppings were very fresh and delicious.  Definitely will stop back again.
Pizza was pretty good.  I prefer the thin-crust NYC style.  This is not the kind of place to stop in and buy a cheap slice, unless that slice is $3.50. $2.00 for cheese slices and they are pretty decent sized - not a bad price.  But $2.70 for a 20 oz. Vitamin Water - really?  Don't rip me off on something I could 30-40% cheaper at a gas station.
This is the only place we get our pizza now. There are so many toppings you can order. The staff is very helpful and friendly. When ever we have a party at home, this is where the pizza comes from. It's great. You have to give it a try, at least once, and then you'll know
