Waterford Lakes is great!  They need to add a Toys R Us out there and we are good to go.  I generally do not ever go to the mall anymore.  Only here.  Avoid it on the weekends and Friday nights.  There are too many people.   My only gripe with the complex is that there are no security cameras anywhere.  There are cameras in certain stores and on the outside of Target.  Cars are always stolen by the movie theatre.  The Payless was robbed at 7pm.  I would feel safer if there were cameras throughout the parking lot areas as well as someone monitoring them!
Waterford Lakes has every chain store and restaurant (and a few independently owned establishments) you could ever want.  From crafts, to a movie theater (which shows crappy films IMHO), clothing, food, shoes, home repair, etc etc  It is very convenient BUT do not head over there anytime there is something big going on (i.e. holiday shopping, rush hour, beginning of the UCF school year, etc)  and do expect if you plan to cover a lot of territory you will likely need to move your car.  Even if you aren't a afraid of a little exercise you will need to be afraid of all the cars rushing about in a poorly designed traffic flow/parking lot.
There is so much to offer at Waterford Lakes.  It is basically an outdoor mall.  It even has maps around just like an indoor mall.  The place is so vast and complex with nooks and cranies that you can come here many times and still not know of everything it has to offer.  Firkin and Kegler, for instance I just learned about recently.  Also, the Sweet cupcake shop.  They have a Gamestop, a Moviestop, and a Best Buy.  Yankee Candle is crucial for people who value their aromas.  They also have a typical Regal Cinema that seems to be predominantly inhabited by the UCF/Valencia crowd.
I love this place and hate it at the same time. It offers the best of the best stores, but the person who designed the parking lot was seriously on crack. No one knows how to stop at a four way stop, they should really go back and brush up on their dmv manual. The traffic from the light on Alafaya always backs up and creates a nightmare. If Simon was smart they would close off one of the lanes, so it is only a two way stop.  Lanes are not straight have a lot of blind spots. Be ready to be a defensive driver! Other than that you will be pleased with the selection of retailers! Unlike Waterford Towers across the street Simon always keeps the property in top notch condition. No abandoned stores!
Waterford Lakes has plenty of stores that I frequent, so I find myself there around...but this place is somewhat of a disaster. The layout of the whole shopping center is really inconvenient and traffic can get bad when you first come in since no one ever seems to know whose turn it is to go and whatnot. Avoid on Saturday mornings...or really the weekend as a whole.
Waterford Lakes is always packed with people all day, every day! I don't think there's ever a time when I've been to waterford and the lots are empty. There are a huge selection of stores, shoppes, and restaurants to choose from plus a Regal Cinema. Waterford really is a one-stop shop for all your needs if you live in the area. I find myself here very often because I can go to the post office, then the bank, grab something to eat and continue shopping at all the stores. The only downside to this plaze is the traffic sometimes is ridiculous to get in and out but on the other hand Waterford is right off of the 408 East-West Expressway which makes it very convienent for travelers.
This town center is like a giant outdoor mall. The door to door shopping is really cool and so are all the eateries along the way. They have tons of stores to choose from. Everything from Target to Best Buy. From Marble Slab to Pizza. There is even a movie theater in the complex. It's really convenient and not super crowded with tourist. But it is definitely always crowded. No matter when you go. I would make sure I stopped by two places. Ross Dress for Less and Stilah's Boutique.
Big fan of Waterford Lakes Center. There is a great selection of food and shopping that hits just about every desire. For those west coast transplants out there, it will remind you of the outdoor shopping malls in southern Cali. Biggest gripe is the traffic patterns. I know it is extremely hard to deal with parking in any manner at a location of this size but in some areas it seems like there could have been far better ways to get people in and out (like direct out-lanes to Alafaya from all the exterior restaurants). Big box stores like Super Target, Best Buy, Old Navy, Regal Theater, and others are a great draw along with the numerous smaller stores, banks, and whatnot. If you have no idea what you want or where to get it, stop by as I am sure you will probably find it here.
Always super packed no matter what time of day, but so much to offer and really convenient for me. A few of my favorites: Target, the movie theater, Ulta, Ann Taylor Loft, Nine West, Victoria's Secret, California Pizza Kitchen, Best Buy.
The Ross store has a new, lazy manager. He's disrespectful to customers, employees, and even the store itself. Be wary. I'm taking my business elsewhere.
This is a destination outdoor shopping venue in East Orlando.  Lots of retail stores(Target, Best Buy, Ross, Old Navy, TJ Maxx and more) and restaurants to choose from, not to mention a Regal Cinemas movie theatre.   I love that you can park and just spend the day walking from store to store so probably a good idea to wear comfortable walking shoes. Weekends are a "hot mess" and if you don't like crowds and traffic, steer clear and visit during the week.  I will say that the parking lot is a big, fat cluster. As someone that is not familiar with this shopping center, I felt like I was aimlessly driving not knowing where I should go and where I should turn. And even more annoyed, that not everyone knows the rules of a 4 way stop.   Be careful as there are pedestrians crossing everywhere so probably not a smart idea to speed through. While the parking and traffic are a headache, I don't think it would deter me from visiting .Lots of great stores that will keep me coming back but probably more during the week rather than on the weekend.
A good friend of mine calls Waterford Lake "the anthill". That's a pretty accurate description of the parking lot madness. Back in the 2004 hurricanes a bunch of the stop signs were knocked down, and I'm not entirely sure they were all replaced properly. There are some spots where the signs just don't work. Driving around here sucks. And you do have to drive. This isn't the kind of town center with a logical walking pattern. There are two islands in the center and stores along the perimeter. This design is just not a pedestrian friendly. I always park, walk around a bit, and then move my car to the next area. There aren't good crosswalks and the drivers are too concerned with missing their turn at a 4-way stop to yield to pedestrians. Despite the traffic nightmare I shop here a lot. I love the convenience of this shopping center. You can find most anything you need here, and that's nice. The movie theater and different restaurants are great to have close by. Waterford hosts different events throughout the year. At Christmas they have a carnival set up near the movie theater. They do trick-or-treating at Halloween (pretty busy the one year we went). They also have a Taste of Orlando event in the Fall.
I have been coming to Waterford Lakes ever since it opened.  The biggest draw they have here is the Regal Movie theatre.  I agree with some of the other reviewers about parking.  Let me just say this, "there is plenty of parking...just not where YOU want it to be."  We have two legs, so use them. Another draw are the different restaurants.  I enjoyed 100 Montaditos, near the movie theatre.  Check out my review on this treasure. You can literally do one stop shopping, everything from groceries at the Super Target, movie date night, dinner etc.  it's all there.  Be prepared to walk and enjoy some of our fine Florida weather in the meantime.
This place is very unorganized. There are so many confusing turns and twisty and watch out our you'll get hit. Make sure tog watch out to make sure the road is clear because no one stops for pedestrian. Everyone forgot how to use a 4 way stop. To much unorganization.
This is an awesome shopping plaza. Yes the parking can sometimes be a little difficult but that's bc so many people frequent this plaza. There's everything in here that you could want from best buy to the regal theatre to target and the Barnes and nobles is awesome!
Had a reservation for a Harley Quinn fabrication and they called letting me know it was in and held it for me for a few days. I went in today and was so glad to finally get it because no place else seems to ever have them. I also got a Iron Man and Thor Pop Vinyls. I think it's so cool that this place actually has a whole wall of pops! I will definitely go again for more. I was going to get a Joker pop though and they had two, but one box was destroyed and the other box had him in there but there was like dirt on the pop.
Plaza is great, always busy and the cars do not follow the traffic signs lol Drivers do not care if you are in the pedestrian crosswalk and pedestrians have the right away. Careful when walking to the stores always look both ways lol They have a variety of stores and restaurants so no need to leave the plaza you could stay there all day.
Waterford Lakes is a very nice shopping center in Orlando. They have Gamestop, Moviestop, Best Buy, Target, Victoria's Secret, Buckle...I could go on forever. They have a lot of different dining options if you want to shop and eat in the same area. The movie theater here is very nice as well. If you are near the area, I recommend taking a little shopping trip...it's very nice!
One of my favorite places in florida!!!!!! This place is a huge mall only not stuck inside a building.  I mean they have everything from restaurants,  a movie theater,  and truck loads of places to shop. I think the best part is when your driving straight down the entrance to the place where it lined up with palm trees to the left and to the right. It is especially nice when the day is sunny and blue skies, that's when you can appreciate it more!! I will continue to frequent this place until because it is one of the coolest spots in Orlando and Florida.
I hate this place.  Parking is a disaster and because it is so busy and there are no street lights to assist with traffic within the shopping plaza, it can take a very long time to get around.  People are extremely rude driving around, too.  They run stop signs, or stop for 50+ cars to go ahead of them, thus holding up traffic even worse than it already is.  There are no department stores and you can get all of these shops in the convenience of a real mall. Also, if it is raining, don't bother.  There is no parking half the time and, unless you want to walk in the rain, you can't get from store to store easily.  There is just no reason to visit this place since they have nothing special in the way of stores.
I love Waterford lakes!!! I think I love it because they play 80's and 90's music outside! All of my favorite stores in one shopping plaza!! The restaurants are pretty good too! The only thing that drives me nuts is all the teenagers that walk around seems like parents drop off their kids and just let them walk around... Maybe they love the music lol or not... But I do love Waterford lakes!
Directly between work and home, Waterford Lakes is unfortunately an often visited shopping center for me. Some time ago I was reading some comments in response to an online news article regarding Walmart. Lots of comments about how horrible Walmart is, how weird/ghetto/redneck/whatever all of the customers are, etc.  Then one person replied with something that I never forgot: they said, "Everyone hates Walmart, until they need socks." So Waterford Lakes is my Walmart.  I hate it, but I'm there all the time out of "convenience". Although they have done everything in their power to make it as inconvenient as possible. The traffic in the shopping center is ALWAYS horrendous. As soon as you enter it, you're on your own.  People immediately forget what a four-way stop is. They forget right of way.  They'll block a main thoroughfare for 10 minutes while they wait for an old lady to get out of a spot because the one three spaces down is too far away. Why does that hold up a main throroughfare? Because the designers decided that the parking lots themselves weren't enough, so they lined some of the busiest roads with additional spaces along the storefronts. So people are pulling out of spots right in front of you, or crossing in front of you to park, or sitting in the roadway with their blinker on, etc. Take a look at the road alongside Panera that faces Target. You'll get stressed out just looking at it. When the drivers get held up, they get angry and floor it, nearly mowing down pedestrians as they go. Don't know exactly where your shop is?  You can't walk around to find it, because it'll take all day to cover all of that sprawl since it's laid out so badly, and chances are you wouldn't survive that long anyway since you'd be crossing so many parking lots. No, the only option in this case is to do what everyone else does: drive along all of the main roads at about 0.3 mph staring at the store names and not paying attention to pedestrians, other cars, or traffic signs. Walking from one shop to another is not advisable because the only way to get from one cluster of shops to another is to cross several parking lots and/or roadways. You might as well put a target on your back.  So like everyone else, you'll have to drive from one shop to another, and that just makes the problem worse. It's real-life Frogger, but there is no comfy, pixelated safe haven beyond the highway, only more frustration and death. It's a lot less fun when you only get one life. So, to the designers of Waterford Lakes: You're doing it wrong. Tear it down and start over.
I'd love to shake the hand of the person who planned and developed this outdoor shopping nightmare. And then tell them I hate them. A lot. Waterford has a ton of great stores, some big box and only one or two boutiques. And I'd love to visit more often if it wasn't such a nightmare to maneuver through. No driver knows their right of way. NO ONE. I've been rear-ended at a stop sign. AT A STOP SIGN. And no driver has any respect for pedestrians or bikers (which could be said for all of Orlando, frankly). Instead of creating an outdoor plaza where you could actually WALK around the beautiful fountain in front of the movie theater instead of drive around it like a moron - they decided to alienate all the shops by sticking parking lots between everything instead of placing all the parking on the perimeter. Shoppers have to precariously make their trek from one store to the- oh wait that's not what they do at all because there's nothing encouraging them to actually WALK. Instead, they hop into their SUVs to go from Best Buy to Target while rear-ending me in the process. And everyone seems ok that people drive like birdbrains in this plaza. Do I sound bitter? I totally am. It's just so frustrating to see a concept completely shat on by a developer when it has so much promise. I know East Orlando has only two choices: this or Oviedo Marketplace which is where you go when you're depressed and have reached the end of your rope. Here's another option for you: shop online. I hate to be so negative but good grief, I can't get my blood pressure to normalize when I'm around this place.
Ugh is the first thought when I venture to Waterford Lakes.  If it weren't for some of the stores located here I would have no desire to venture 30 minutes and deal with this clusterf*ck. I hate shopping to begin with.  Throw in a mess of a layout, and it's just not fun.  I've always preferred to park in one spot and walk to where I need to go, but Waterford Lakes is not pedestrian friendly at all.  On top of that if you're looking for a smaller store good luck, you'll be driving around to find it.  Waterford Lakes like most malls only offer directions for the bigger stores.  Which would be ok, but I've never even come across a complete directory outside the stores.   I've been to a handful of outdoor shopping areas and this one is hands down the worse design.  I would love it if it was pedestrian friendly, and you could stroll around; do a little shopping and grab a bite to eat.  Nope, I go with the intention of getting in and getting the hell out as fast as I can. I don't know perhaps I'm selling Waterford Lakes short, and if I just spent more time there I could navigate my way around better? Nah, I've got other places in the area that offer a much more pleasing shopping experience.
NIce shopping center on the East side of Orlando. The parking can be a pain, and trying to get out of the place can be very tricky! I like the stores that are available. My only comment would be - bring more food choices! Not just chain restaurants.
First of all, parking is a nightmare at Waterford Lakes. I find that to be a major design flaw. I am not a fan of outdoor malls because having grown up in Connecticut, outdoor malls are extremely rare so I don't really understand the concept behind this idea. If you have to visit more than one store and they are on opposite sides of the town center, that means you have to go get your car and maneuver thru this chaotic parking lot. People are constantly rolling thru stop signs with no regard for anyone else on the road. The only store I frequent here is the Super Target because the rest of the stores you can find in a regular old fashioned indoor mall.
Ok, I originally hail from southern California, land of the outdoor malls, and while Waterford Lakes has a lot of really great shops I have to be honest and say that the layout and parking frustrate me enough to avoid it. I truly wish that the designers could have looked at other successful outdoor malls and come up with a much more pedestrian friendly version. The horrid Florida heat/humidity coupled with an asphalt jungle really makes this place miserable, especially on the weekends. Having said that, I do love some of the shops (Sweet, Ulta, Joanne Fabrics) so it isn't all bad. I just really long to be able to wander around a mall by foot instead of driving from store to store!
Ok ok... everyone's yelping on the WLTC so I'll throw in my own 3 cents. Yes- it's huge. Yes- parking is/can be a nightmare Yes- it gets insanely crowded. BUT it's got too many staples such as Target, Old Navy, Barnes and Noble, Sweet, Ulta, Party City etc to give it up completely. Here's the secret tip. Ya gotta go during off peak hours/days and then you're zen. So when's that you say?   Not so fast grasshopper... some things are better left for the master!
If I remember correctly, this was labeled the first outdoor mall in the Orlando area.  I think it was a good way to save on air conditioning and those who live in Orlando love their air conditioning. This is like 10 strip malls welded together, plus you have additional stores hanging on the edges.  I started going here because of Super Target and Barnes & Noble.  Both were open late and provided 90 % of what I needed.  Getting in and out of the mall was bad then. Since they added Best Buy, it got a lot worse, especially with the bank near the entrance to the mall.  How someone was thoughtful enough to put drive-thru lanes near a mall entrance is beyond me. Once you're into a parking place, you'll find plenty, it's so spread out, you'll want comfortable shoes.  Maybe, they should have put an apartment complex in the centre of it.  I rarely went over by Regal Cinemas since they had a 22 screen cinema closer to me, but I found several restaurants near the cinemas. They have most anything you'd need and you can even get it at a discount at Ross and TJ Maxx.  They even had a doctor and martial arts when I was there last.  I'd suggest that you park centrally, plan to spend a lot of time there, and watch out for traffic.
I have to agree with Suzanne. Waterford Lakes Town Center is crazy! I remember when I was @ UCF (Class of '03), the only establishments there was the Target, B&N, and just a handful of shops! Now it's just craziness with loiters and shoppers! LoL. But I do go there occasionally to meet up with friends and eat @ Sweet!, Marble Slab, and the movies since most of my friends actually live on that side of town, so I brave it when I want to! ;) I actually prefer the Millenia Mall.
Waterford Lakes is the outdoor mall concept in East Orlando. It has a lot of stores, from Victoria Secret, sketchers, super target, ross, tj max, barnies, barnes and noble, 10 different resturants, pizza shops, cookies by design, sweets cupcakes, lens crafters, ann taylor loft, and the list goes on.... I love coming here, because with florida weather its nice to take a walk outside..and Waterford makes it comfortable to do so. The rocks have music playing out of them, theres benches everywhere, its safe, family oriented...and its HUGE... There is a section that is for kids..with dance studios and doctor offices, there is also best buy,petssmart, ulta (my fav) and so on. So you can easily take a walk, shop, eat , and feel like you had a great work out all in one.
Having grown up in tourist areas and being used to Florida's crazy parking lots, this "mall" doesn't bother me like it does some people. The buildings are set up in ground to where you can walk around the building if you wanted or along a strip, but you'd have to hit your car if you wanted to hit everything... if anyone can possibly do that in one day. It's kinda like going to Disney World. You don't run in and out of Target to get something in this area. If you want to do that, go somewhere else. This is a browse and lounge type area and you should always expect to a wait, especially during holidays. I'm really not sure how else you would design a center like this, unless you wanted to make one big giant circle, in which case you'd be doing A LOT of walking, the parking would be even worse, and then you couldn't add on new buildings or shops if you wanted.  The only area I have a huge problem with is across the street where Home Depot, Kohl's, and The Post Office are. The building setup is confusing and seems very random. I don't see how business' can boom in this area when there are rows of buildings hiding behind other rows of buildings. It's not wonder a lot of those shops are empty. The 3-way stop by the movie theater is awful and a bit confusing, but it's mostly that Orlando drivers suck and are rude and have no patience. I can't blame Simon Malls for people's stupidity and their unability to do 4-way stops correctly. Even at perfectly square and adjacent 4-way stops people ALWAYS go before their run and run the stop signs. So if you want to attempt this shopping mall, go ahead. It has some nice stores. I just recommend driving slowly to find your stores, or print out a map ahead of time if you're on a schedule. The Simon Mall office is next to Claire's in this little nook on the right with Old Navy next store. Have fun and good luck! :D
Waterford Lakes offers many great mall and free standing shops and restaurants in one location. You can hit Home Depot, Kohls, Joann's, Hallmark, Super Target, Bath and Body Works, Best Buy, PetSmart plus 35 other places, then grab a bite at one of the many restaurants and a cupcake from Miss Holly's and finally hit a movie while you slip into an exhausted coma. Pros: It's all here. Cons: Too many shoppers and not enough parking spaces. This place is HUGE and there is no way to hit everything without moving your car. That can be difficult in the evenings, weekend and during any type of holiday shopping season/special/day. Awful! Full on Mayhem!  I try to only hit here on off hours to cut down on the frustration and possible accidents.
Not much is missing from this center as far as shopping and eating goes in a college town. Throw in a movie theatre and gym what else could you want? I agree with everyone else that the design for driving/parking is really messed up but whatever...it's still a great place.
Waterford Lakes is essentially Winter Park Village on steriods.  You'll need a  skilled guide to circumnavigate the inroads through the parking lots.  If you're alone, make sure your cell is handy.  I've had to call places to find out where they were within the behemoth strip mall. Why didn't they name the different zones they so obviously created in building that monstrosity? It does house Sweet, Ulta, Magic Nails, Barnies and a pretty decent Payless.  For them, I can't quit Waterford, but I don't have to like it.
Massive outdoor mall in east Orlando anchored by Best Buy, Target and a large Regal Cinemas theater, and with pretty much every other shop most other malls have. Lots of chain restaurants, too. Waterford's a good mall in theory, I guess, but I'm not much of a mall guy so I guess that's why my review is sort of ambivalent. If you like to shop, you'll have a good time here, just beware of the parking lot--the layout is terribly and unnecessarily confusing.
This isn't a mall by any means but there are a ton of stores here. Besides all of the stores you close to 408, Avalon Park, UCF and plenty of food. The only downside Waterford Lakes is the number of people that go there.  There are a number of traffic lights too and your likely going to hit all of them. While the rest of the *malls*.. *shops* have gone out of business or left.. this place continues to boom. Oh did you say you don't want to deal with the traffic?  Then go to Oviedo where its a lot less crowded.
Truly a one stop shopping center with everything from business to victoria secrets to chuck-e-cheese! I wish i had more time to explore here before leaving for the airport! Will definitely try to come back next trip to orlando!
Waterford lakes is great! I'm there at least 5 days a week. Either for lunch, dinner, or a little shopping it's quite the convenient shopping "center". Great for a little stroll when the weather is nice. If I had things my way, I'd throw in a forever 21, maybe a cheesecake factory and an H&M. A girl can dream, can't she?
This is a great place for food, shopping, and catching a movie, but they really need to put stop signs on both sides of the street per stop sign. Many people run the stop signs because they think they have the right of way. We saw 3 instances where a driver was yelling at someone who was in the right. The drivers in the right and left lanes need to know they each have a stop sign.
