No matter what I need I always get help. Movie night, dinner party opening for a company. I just tell Angel what I need and how much I want to spend and it's perfect. Anyone that complains is just walking in with a poor attitude.  The staff is waiting to help and wanting to help.
Trendy, Classy, Sexy and Stunning... These are a few words that describe most of what they carry in this store.  However, the downside is, it's also pretty expensive for my tastes (hence the 3 stars).  The only time I can quench my thirst to shop here is during a sale. From the shoes to the dresses and some of the dopest jewelry... i really wish I could afford to shop here normally.  The staff is always so friendly too which makes for a lovely shopping experience.   The purses are extremely cute and I love all the colors they have for all their pieces, everything is so lively here.  When I win the lotto, this would be a spot I would stop in for sure... Until then... Sale items it is!!!
Popped in Tuni's the other day to see what was new and maybe use my freebie birthday giftie card.  Oh- I was so excited! Until I walked in the store, spent 10 minutes looking and fingering and putting together outfits and NOT ONCE did the 2 sales assistants acknowledge me. No hello. No how are you? No how can I help you? No is there something special you're looking for? In fact it appeared that even though I know they saw me- several times- they just pretty much looked right thru me. Right. I think I know where to take my shopaholic tendencies and  spend all of my money. See ya at Zou Zou!
I think there's a requirement that girls who work here have to be slim, tall, and snooty. The 'tude of both the costumers and the staff has always irked me. This botique has such cute, cute clothes but they are SO overpriced and the staff are so stressful to deal with it's not worth it go there. I'd rather just drive down to the Mall at Millenia!
Chic...sophisticated...posh...trendy...and definitely in style. Tuni's is reminiscent of the "shops" you'll find in South Korean malls with clothes on racks of different kinds, accessories and jewelry dangling here and there, shoes sorted in some fashion on shelves and a fashion sense that isn't like what you'll find in most shops. However, they are not as cheap as the shops you'll find in a South Korean mall. The prices in this little shop located along Park Ave are far from cheap and can still be out of most people's price range when they're on sale. BUT if you can afford it...this would be a good place to shop for clothes and everything to go along with your outfit. What I like most about the clothes here is that they are unique with dresses, shirts, and pants that can be dressed up or dressed down depending on your preference...they're very diverse if you will. The colors of most items are very neutral with lots of taupe, whites, browns, navies, and blacks...with a bit of fusia, red, green and yellow thrown in from time to time. The store associates are all very well dressed of course and so helpful with all of your questions. You can also get ideas for outfits based on what they're wearing. Many of them are also in the know with what's hip and what's totally not. Overall, I say do it for a special occasion or a treat to yourself...but this is not an everyday shopping boutique.
Ay-aight, so my mum lives in Orlando and I make it out to visit her at LEAST once a year, usually more, and we ALWAYS go to Tuni's.  Sometimes I buy, sometimes I don't but I never miss coming here.  I base my review on more than 20 times I have been here over the past, oh, at least 5 years. + 1 Star - Style.  Whomever the buyer is, she rocks just the right amount of "tomorrow" with now.  It is easily comparable to an LA boutique in the racks that are well-thought out from Tori Burch to Anna Sui to Rosae Nichols (gawd - I love her, and no one knows how to wear her in FL so I wait til it's on sale and gobble it up!).  The shoes are L.A.M.B to Michael Kors to etc you get what I am saying.  You will not see a bunch of other girls on Park Avenue (or most anywhere in Central FL) rocking the same duds you clocked here. - 1 Star - Price.  But that being said about LA style, I don't want to pay LA prices when I am in Orlando.  It's like - hello, we are in the land of the Mouse - the average wage here is like $8 an hour, so who is wearing this stuff?  Oh, apparently I am, as my mom shops the sale rack for me all the time (shout out to world's best mumzi).  If it ain't marked down, the prices are jaw-dropping for most mid-range earners, though. +1 Star - Service. I honestly don't know what sort of bad experiences folks have had but I have always been treated with respect here (by the way, I am not young, hot, nor friends with anyone who works here, so I don't think I am being singled out for niceties).  I guess it's just a two-way street.  I want to be acknowledged and then more or less left the hey-all alone to shop.  If I want a changing room, I will ask.  In said room, I appreciate the asking if it fits, but they don't do that annoying "here, try this on too - I think it would look great on you" - um, I don't know you and you don't know me and you are on commission so eff off - nope, none of that here.  So I like the girls here. + 1 Star - Location.  I just love that mom and I can come down to the Avenue, park the jalopy once and spend the whole day down here, shopping, eating, having coffee, buying a cigar (oops! not really!), having drinks, shopping.  Best location ever.  And not all stupidly commercially artificial like the Mall of Milennia and other places densely packed with overweight middle-American tourists on a package deal to Disney. Yup, I am a snob when it comes to shopping with the unfashionable.  They are banished, to places like... Nebraska. + 1 Star - Hours. May not seem like a major thing, but I need a shop that is open on Sunday, so that after I doing my "browse" on Saturday I can come back the next day and buy my goodies with my head and heart reconciled (and perhaps some sympathy bucks from my mom, as I am always broke!) So it's not as cheap as the garmet district in LA, but it's a delight that I will keep frequenting, no matter it's pricing flaw$.
I walked around Park Ave. and Hannibal Sq. and scoured every boutique looking for the perfect outfit for my 20th high school reunion.  Tuni's was the last place I checked out, and it should have been the first.  Before I rave about Tuni's, I do want to say that most of the boutiques I checked out had very friendly service and offered nice wares.  Now, Tuni's offers a HUGE selection of very cool fashions.  Prices are appropriate for an upscale boutique.  Service was professional and friendly.  Randy helped me, and she made my visit a pleasure.  This is a great place to find a kick-ass outfit.
Their sign says that Tuni is "trendy & chic" which I can agree with.  As I walked through, I thought that Victoria Beckham would shop here if she was ever in Winter Park.  The purses were attractive yet very large.  The dresses were super cute and chic, yet rather pricey.  I picked out a simple summer sundress that was priced at $425.  A rather nice place to window shop though.
I got the best summer outfit EVER this weekend from Tuni's. I was drawn in by the most perfect pair of shoes in the window but walked out with a whole outfit that looks like it is off the pages of Vogue thanks to the most helpful sales associate ever. She gave me a ton of things to try on that would match my future-new wedges and I fell in love with a pair of shorts that I would have never picked to try on by myself. The shirt-dress style top she gave me to try on with the shorts was also amazingly gorgeous but at $200.00 was out of my price range since I had already had my heart set on the shoes and shorts and was already over my shopping budget for the day as it was. I would have loved to stay and try on clothes all day but i had tickets to a play so upon seeing my disappointment due to price of the top & that I had to be on my way, she grabbed me an even cuter top that was $35.00 that matched perfectly. When I got home later that night I was a little apprehensive to try on the top for the first time and was hoping that they accepted exchanges just in case but to my surprise it was absolutely stunning on me. The following services I received at Tuni's are why I will return again: 1. The sales associate did an amazing job at picking out things that seemed to be within the realm of my style based only on what I was wearing and a pair of shoes I picked out. This enabled me to buy a stunning outfit that I never would have even thought twice about trying on just walking by it on the rack. 2. She knew which brands ran smaller or larger, hence saving me many minutes in the dressing room and feeling fat because I got only got "my size" and some brands run small. (who doesn't HATE that feeling?!) She could tell what would fit me just by looking at me which I found quite amazing. I had styles in a size 1-8 (I am normally a 4/6) and every thing fit me great. 3. When I told her an item was out of my price range, she understood and immediately found me something that wasn't. 4. After a warm morning walking up and down Park Ave, being offered a cold water OR a glass of wine while shopping is amazing in itself even if i hated all the clothes. :-) You can expect the following if you plan to check out Tuni: 1. Mostly higher end prices but still something for every budget. 2. Super friendly, helpful, and cutely dressed sales staff. 3. Huge selection of current styles for every occasion.
I love Tuni. Whoever does there ordering is awesome.  I only live in winter park 3 months a yr but when I am here I try to shop at Tuni as much as I can.  I am also a small business owner, I noticed some people mentioned the staff wasn't great. I did not have that problem. Everyone I have met has been so nice but don't let one bad employee ruin it for u give them another chance, sometimes a owner can not be at there business all The time,  so give them another chance or email or call and let the owner know u did not like how the sales ppl treated u so they do not treat someone else like that but I would have to say the store is worth a second chance.  Again everyone has been so sweet to me so I have never had this issue.  I don't think the store is over priced they have the same prices as online in the brands they carry.  I hope I'm not insulting anyone but not everyone can carry designer handbags and wear designer clothes but it doesn't mean it is not a great store. I think prices are great! Store keeps its inventory in season unlike some other small boutique shops that carry clothes that are 5 seasons old. I'm very impressed by Tuni and tell all my friends and family to shop there.
Tuni's delivers every time. If i ever need to look amazing at any cost, i go to Tuni's. It is a high end boutique, so YES, you will spend but it is so worth it. It is always fashion forward. i trust the brands they choose. They totally have it going on in the fashion world and we (Orlando) can not say that about many shops outside the malls. If you want original, i say, 'bite the bullet'. Is it fair to lower the star rating because of price when you are not a store for the discount shopper? When you pay more, you get better fabrics and more innovative design.  Hope it helps
I grew up going to Tuni's with my mom. I remember as a child knowing this store was incredible, and dreaming of the day I could someday shop there. Now well in my 30's they have continued to impress me. Always on trend, always inspiring, and always willing to help. The staff there is like having your own team of stylists! If I have an event to attend- wedding, baby shower, exotic vacation- they deliver every time. There are few places you can go where you can be dressed head to toe, fully accessorized, and leave brimming with confidence!  Can not imagine winter park without them! Pricey- yea. Worth it? Absolutely!
