If outlet shopping could be made into a marathon, this is it. Fortunately every employee in every shop up to the valet service and traffic police are dedicated to turn this havoc into harmony. For the men who can't take it anymore, there are bars located throughout the shopping center. This place has everything from Forever 21 to Michael Kors. The Victoria's Secret is massive. It's hell to get in and through here. There's too many people at any given time in every direction you turn. Fortunately, leaving here feels like heaven.
This outlet is my least favorite of the two in Orlando. Parking at this location is a true nightmare. Unlike the Premium Outlets on Vineland, they do not offer a garage at this one. Traffic in general is hectic here, people run stop signs as if they were invisible, so be careful. I find the selection of stores to be better at the Premium Outlets. Be sure to register for free at: premiumoutlets.com for the VIP club so you can receive additional discounts at your favorite stores.
Let me start off by saying that this place is hell to find parking in the weekend!!!!! HELL!!!!!! I literally had to stop counting after an hour because it was just making everything that much worse. But by God if you can make it past that nightmare then it's not THAT bad...as long as you can deal with the huge crowd of ppl. And no the crowd isn't that bad until everyone in it just happens to want to go to the same store as you at the same time. These store are all already at a huge lack of room, so to crows a bunch of ppl in there is just really uncomfortable and not that great of a shopping experience. To make matters worse you got people dragging around suitcases. Not just small carry-ons, but huge check in luggage!! Like really people!?!?! Anyways, we can all get over that for the SAVEINGS!! It's greats that a bunch of brand names are in the same place and they all have sales. Gotta love America! ...the food court isn't half bad....you'll just end up spending everything you saved on food, because the food is way over prices and mad expensive!!!
Bottom line - not bad. While not as good as other shopping spots in Orlando, this outlet has enough stuff to make it worth a trip.  I generally hit the Nike, Adidas, Saks, and Neiman outlets and keep it moving.  It can get crowded and hot over here, so be prepared.
Meh is right...talk about overrated!!! Shopping is one of my vices...and outlet shopping is not taken lightheartedly. I guess being a frequent guest at Woodbury Commons in NY, I expected Prime to be the equivalent of Disney World in the outlet world...the sad reality is, it's not. Don't get me wrong, I didn't go home empty handed...but the stores' inventory could have been so much better. (I happened to venture into an Urban Outfitters in Orlando and it was AMAZING...so refreshing so see different items, sales, and a really good store layout) Prime Outlets consists of a couple of department stores such as Saks and Neiman's Last Call (wahhhhh no Barney's outlet!!!!) along with some smaller retail stores including Polo and J. Crew. I couldn't find any amazing steals...especially with shoes. Run to the nearest Nordstrom Rack for real shoe deals (cue "shoes" video)! Roommie and I went to a couple of stores, bought some stuffff, ate some food (restaurant options were pretty dismal)...and went home. This was in a span of 2 hours...a trip to Woodbury Commons is 4-5 hours so you can imagine the lack of shopping enthusiasm we both had. For some real steals... I really recommend places like Century 21, Nordstrom Rack (i know, again), Woodbury Commons (which has twice as many stores...most of which are higher-end but usually worth it), and duhhh TJ Maxx. However, if you do happen to be in Orlando, it wouldn't hurt to go here...you may never know what you can find at outlets...if not, to hell with it---GO TO DISNEY!
Not great, not bad either. It's a hit or miss type of outlet. Nothing special in Nike Factory or The North Face store. The prices didn't impress me much. Stuff at Saks were trash. I only bought a pair of jeans from the Levi store. Finally found a decent pair of black slim straight jeans. remember coming here a few years ago and purchasing a lot more but this time around, there was really nothing goin on. Prices at Ralph Lauren looked regular. Sales written all over the places but when you look at the price tag you ask yourself "that's a sale?" Upon arrival, we were lookin all over the place for a parking spot. I finally found one at a time where nobody was around. As the couple were pulling out of this spot, a mother of two children comes out of no where and tries to pull into my spot as I'm trying to reverse in to the spot. Her children were very nasty. They had the most racist look in their eyes. I dunno what was up their butt. If you're in Orlando, I'd say skip it. I'm sure you can find better stuff in a mall or at another outlet.
For someone who's European Orlando is a weird place...you either love it or absolutely hate it. I for one love it...this outlet mall is one of the reasons why. In Orlando they like to do it big...and believe me: this mall is huge, it's an outside mall so you can enjoy the nice weather while walking from store to store. I tend to not really like outlet malls...they can be very untidy, crowded and dated. This mall looks very clean, tidy and it's all stuff from recent collections.
My favorite store here is the Express Last Hurrah store when they have clothes in stock.  Most of the time they have all Large-Xtra Large clothes left which leaves me either buying an oversized shirt for pj's or empty handed.  The rest of the stores here are decent and you can definitely find a bargain or two.
i'm broke becuz of this place =D fave stores: 1. marc ecko cut and sew 2. nike 3. sean john 4. under armour great deals over the 4th of july weekend. as if vacationing wasnt expensive enough.
Nice mall... has plenty of stores to chose from. The only bad thing is that when you walk from store to store, its mainly outdoor. With the Florida weather we have, you might want to take an umbrella with you just in case. Parking can be really crazy too.
