The staff is so fun and amazing! Honestly the Friendly First Timers class was fantastic. They really make sure you're paddle boarding properly and that you are getting the best out of your experience. If you are ever looking to try paddle boarding, you need to go to these people!
The Paddleboard Orlando staff made our first experience extremely amazing. They were so welcoming,friendly, warm, caring and funny. It was perfect. They instructed us on how to paddle and stayed with us during our little adventure to make sure we were comfortable. It was a nice, relaxing and cool. I will definitely be doing this again.
What can I say about Paddleboard Orlando and its staff that hasn't already been said. First let me start off with the staff that I have met, not sure if there might be more hidden behind the boards ... but Ned, Dave and Mike are such so awesome. Extremely friendly and willing to explain to you the basics and answer any questions you might have. As for the paddleboarding experience ... OMG ... I have been only twice, and am already hooked!! It is so much fun. It is relaxing. It is a good workout. It is just unbelievable. And don't think it is hard, it isn't. Yes, the first time you're on your legs might shake a little but then you will get your sea legs in no time. Joining Orlando Paddleboard for their paddle runs is so much fun!!! They make it fun!!! The paddleboard run is always a fun activity!!! Trying a handstand on the board, another fun activity. And with either ... you fall in the water ... who cares!!!! And the group foto jump at the end, what a creative way to take a pic. Kudos, kudos, kudos to Orlando Paddleboard!!!
Paddleboard Orlando is the best! The staff is so nice, friendly and accommodating. They answer everyone's questions and entertain us with fun activities and tricks on the paddle board. I attended the Friendly First Timers class with my family. We all had such a great time!
I cannot rave enough about Paddleboard Orlando. If you want to try something different and active, this is amazing!! Everyone I've seen try out paddle boarding has gotten on and up in no time, they're surprisingly sturdy unlike regular surfboards. The folks from PBO have demo days where you can come out and try paddling out which is great if you just want to test out your legs. They also have different tours where you paddle down a river, near manatees or dolphins or bio luminescence when it's in season. You can schedule private group events, lessons or just rent the boards and head out on your own. They even have yoga and boot camp classes centered on the board. I've tried just about all they have to offer and they all leave you feeling like you got a workout, had a few laughs and got a little closer to the environment. The folks that run this company are the nicest on the planet and my personal suggestions are the tours or yoga on water :) Get out and splash around!!
I've gone paddleboarding with Paddleboard Orlando twice and both experiences were great! The instructors are helpful, fun and very welcoming to everyone who attends. I attended the Friendly First Timers class both times because it takes a while to get your sea legs. Once you get situated on your board you will most likely forget everything you're taught on shore because all that's going through your mind is "I hope I don't fall in!"  However, the instructors realize this and remind you of how to paddle through the water and stand on the board properly. The folks who run the group are great and always remind you to have fun before anything else :) I
These guys were fun, normal people and great! Very accomodating! Helped whenever needed! We all had fun in a group of 12! I totally recommend!
Paddleboarding is an amazing way to relax (mind relaxation that is), have lots of fun, get some great exercise and so on and so forth...  The guys from Paddleboard Orlando can definitely help you with all that!  If you are looking for a new fun activity - definitely should try this! It's a lot easier than one might think and is a great way to either relax your mind on your own, or bring family/friends and have some fun all together. I usually take my Chihuahua too and she loves it!!!!!!! Can't say enough about what a great fun this activity is and how wonderful and helpful David and Ned are! :)
My wife tammy and i travel nationwide painting and repairing flagpoles. We are always looking for different ways to enjoy the travel we must do for our work. This place was great! Tammy has MS and I'm not in the best health but these young people treated us like royalty. They had us on the lake and having a ball in minutes. First there was a safety talk, dos and donts etc. then off for a great lesson and a fantastic day. Some of the best $ i ever spent in Florida. What with so many tourist trappy expensive stuff it is nice to find this much fun for so little cash. DO IT!!! You will not regret it!
Can't say enough good about these folks.  EVERYONE can do this.  A mixed group of newbies become instant friends.  The organizers help everyone be successful and have fun.  Very zen, with a bit of workout in between.  Be good to yourself.  Paddleboard with Paddleboard Orlando.  WhaSUP?!
