Being a big fan of the flying trapeze, I like to travel to different locations and train with different instructors.  On my recent trip to Orlando, I planned to see one of my friends performing on the trapeze in La Nouba.  I thought it would be a good idea during the day, before the show, to get a little practice in at the newly setup, Trapeze Federation.  The experience was quite amazing! The main instructor, Efe, was informative and explained how the class would progress.  Being that I had a bit more experience than some of the other students, I naturally wanted to help the new students, but the instructors did very well.  There was a little girl, maybe 6 years old, and they comforted her through the entire process.  At times she was scared to go, but eventually got up the ladder and even did the trick! The experience was great, the weather was unbelievable and the rig was solid.  It was great to see all new, working hardware (cables, ratchets, poles, net, etc) on a trapeze and none of it seemed too stiff or rigid. I highly recommend flying here if you are on vacation or a regular flyer like myself.
We had a group of 10, so we reserved the whole 2 hour block for ourselves.  This worked out great because if you hesitate, there wasn't a stranger getting impatient.  The instructors were great and very patient with us, as well.  I was very nervous, and totally surprised I actually did it.  I would love to go again with a group and video tape everyone else.  Make sure you take a video camera, the phone camera is not good enough.  I didn't know they offered a package with video taping, but based on the other reviews, it looks like they might.
I had my daughter's 8th birthday party here. What a blast! The instructors were great and helpful. The birthday package included food and the most delicious birthday cake. Our pictures and video were ready immediately when the party was over. Best of all, I had a great time participating with my daughter. We will come back for more high flying good times.
What an excellent experience. Run by professionals, Zach, Alex & Efe are having as much fun as their students during these classes. Well worth the trip to fly with them!!
If you have ever thought about taking a flying trapeze class, this is your place!!  I have been to three classes here, and each time I leave, I am plotting when I will be able to get back again.  The instructors are encouraging, professional and a whole lot of fun. You won't be sorry!  Trapeze Federation is time and money well spent.
WOW! We are Orlando natives and was looking for some weekend fun. Myself, my sister and brother all participated...my pregnant sister-in-law was the photographer/cheerleader. It...Was...Awesome!!!! After quick but thorough safety instructions we were on our way. There was the basic jump, which leads up to the knee tuck (not official trapeze lingo!), which leads up to the big catch! The instructors were amazing...they really root for your success and help to build your confidence. With all the laugher and pep talks you'll feel as though you are amongst friends. PLEASE do this...even if you think you can't....even if you are afraid... DO IT! You won't be sorry.  Efe, "Spider" & the other instructor (sorry I don't remember his name but he was really great) are awesome, they are the only reason we will do this again.
I purchased this experience through Living Social in April, but due to the overwhelming demand, I wasn't able to do until October and I can see why. This was a unique experience that I never thought I would do (unless I ran away to join a circus!). I bought it for my husband as a birthday gift and thought it was we something we could do as a family. My 10 year old son, my husband and I drove down to "just do it!". They boys were hesitant at first, but the crew and the lead instructor, Effe, were very professional and they did a good job in making us and the rest of the group comfortable. I was one of the few who was selected to do the final "catch" sequence with Effe. I had some problems getting my legs up and over the bar, but Effe and the team worked with me and I finally "got it".  It was an awesome experience and now I can check this off my bucket list thanks to the Trapeze Federation. A must do whether you're a local or visiting Orlando!
