This is a great gym located in the suburbs of Orlando. It offers top roping, lead climbing, and bouldering areas, along with a small gym area and other amenities. The gym has an extremely welcoming community that caters to all walks of life. The staff is extremely helpful assisting new climbers. New routes are typically set weekly, and the setters are extremely on point and know what they are doing. Routes are rated fairly and have a pretty even spread of difficulty levels. I've been going here 3 days a week for a little over a year now. I'll be climbing for years to come now and it all started at Aiguille.
This is a great gym! I live in tampa and climb at vertical ventures but when I'm needing to get back on some lead routes I'll make the trip to Aiguille. They usually have some new stuff to get on and their setting is quality. Only down side we run into is that there is only one guy that can do a lead climb test and that has kept us from getting to climb a couple of times. If you haven't been checked, be sure to call ahead to make sure they can test you when you'll be there
This is one of my favorite things to do in Orlando.  If you've never been to an indoor rock climbing gym before, I'd highly recommend trying it out (and this is really the only good place in the area to do it). The initial instruction, which is required on your first visit, probably takes about 30 minutes and involves learning how to put on the harness, tie the knots, and how to belay.  They watch you to make sure you've got it before they unleash you into the rest of the gym, so you'll definitely be adequately prepared. Once you get started, you'll find walls that range from really easy (forward sloping walls with large holds, not too much harder than climbing a ladder) to insanely I'll-never-complete-it-in-a-million-years difficult. In addition to the 20-something top roping walls (with multiple routes on each wall, changed up by the staff on a regular basis), there are two bouldering areas and a lead cave. This is the way exercise should be.  It's not sitting on a machine or running in place, mindlessly watching a counter tick by.  The routes are all unique.  It's exercise that requires some thought and problem solving. The work that your body is doing becomes secondary to the puzzle ahead of you, and that makes for a much more interesting, much more rewarding experience. Several classes are available, including an advanced techniques class and a lead certification class. Some of them are free for members. One caveat here is that you'll need to bring a friend, unless you are only interested in bouldering. But that limits you to maybe 25% of the gym.  Can't convince anyone to come with you? I'm out there as often as I can be, generally about 3 times a week.  Send me a message, I'm always looking for people to climb with!
I've lived in Orlando for about a decade.  Aiguille Rock Climbing Center is the best value and the best entertainment that I have discovered so far.  Today I visited for the first time with my son and two of his friends in tow.  We were immediately impressed with the size of the facility and the quality of the climbers who were already there.  My son and his friends were hooked from the moment we stepped into the building. Our session began with a training session for me, since I would be holding the ropes in case one of my charges fell.  I learned to tie figure 8, double figure 8 and fisherman's knots and in a matter of 15 minutes, I was encouraging a steady succession of kids to climb.  We started at one of the easier walls (perhaps an 80 degree incline (which all three kids mastered) and then moved on to a wall that was probably 88 degrees inclined (which two of the kids managed).  We finished up on a declined wall which none of the kids could manage but which did allow each to play the roll of Peter Pan for a while as they swung from side to side about ten feet off the ground while I gently lowered them to the ground. None of the kids wanted to leave when, after 3 hours, I said it was time to go.  All of the kids have sore muscles tonight and my son has demanded a return trip this week.  At about $20 per kid for the day (up to 13 hours), it is difficult to think of a less expensive or more enjoyable way to spend an afternoon.  Rock climbing builds strength and confidence and is a wonderfully healthy experience. Aiguille Rock Climbing Center offers a range of energy drinks and other beverages, as well as energy bars and other snacks.  All necessary equipment can be rented by the day.  The Center also offers a lot of special programs, so it is well worth a stop at the Center's website so that you can plan your trip.  Note also that if you bringing a climber under the age of 18 (other than your own child), you will need to get the child's parent to sign a waiver or the child will not be allowed to climb. If you live in Orlando, you need to check out Aiguille Rock Climbing Center if you are even remotely fit.  If you are visiting Orlando and would like a break from the theme parks, this is the place to visit!
I was so gung-ho to go rock climbing, I thought I would absolutely love it. Not quite so... Ummm, rock climbing is HARD. No one told me, although I guess I could have figured it out on my own, given you must use every muscle in your body to climb up an 80-degree wall. But if you are going to give it a shot (and I very much recommend doing so), Aiguille Rock Climbing Center in Longwood (just outside of Orlando) is a great place to go. You get detailed instructions on the how-tos the first time you go (and any other time should you forget) by the very knowledgeable staff, equipment to rent, and hours of time, all for a very good price. The center is large, with beginning, intermediate, and advanced challenges. They even have events on certain days, including slumber parties and summer camps. Despite my screaming muscles, I have learned to love rock climbing and think Aiguille is a perfect place to do it. Two tips: 1) Bring a buddy and 2) Stretch first =)
This gym is pretty big with plenty of walls to keep you occupied. There are bouldering, top rope, and lead climbing walls. They offer good gear at a decent price with lots of snacks and drinks to purchase. There's a little gym area with a training wall and weight set. The routes are fun and seem to be rated pretty fairly. The one thing that keeps me from rating it 5 stars is that some of the routs are pretty confusing. A lot of the routes only have the route marking or stickers on the first beginning hold and the last finishing hold so you have to follow the same color holds but with certain routes can get a little confusing as there are other holds with similar colors. I found myself starting a route and not being able to finish because I couldn't find the last hold. Other that than, it's a great gym with a friendly staff.
The best thing about this center is the beginner lesson on how to properly belay and hook your harness. I  went climbing before at another place but  the instructors  did all of the work for you.  The walls here  are a bit more challenging  than the other places I have been so I would say they do need to increase the amount of foot and hand holds on some of the walls to make them more beginner friendly. The staff was nice and the pricing was good.  If I am in the area again will definitely go again. You Guys Rock
Nice mix of jock, hippie, and skater vibe here, like at most climbing places.  Lots of really good climbing exercise features (campus boards and finger boards). As for the tracks themselves, they're pretty good.  I've seen better, but they've got their share of steep, upside-down, complicated cross-overs, etc.  Also, I went just after they had a competition, so the tracks might not have been their usual quality.   Their track ratings are way over-inflated (what should be a V2 is rated a V5 on the tape), but there are plenty of tracks for beginners and a good number of tracks for intermediate climbers.  It's not a place that would really challenge pros, but then, it's Florida.  We're not a naturally climby people. One often overlooked dimension for rating climbing gyms is the population of attractive ladies.  They are here.  It makes climbing just that much more fun. Prices for everything are pretty standard.
I'll try anything once, but that doesn't mean I have to like it necessarily.  I so wanted to like this, but soon faced reality, it's just not my thing. If I could understand the point perhaps it would do some good.  You just climb up, and fall back down.  It is not fun to me, at all.   I kept looking for artwork or something on the walls to make it more enjoyable, but to no avail. That being said, the facility itself is nice.  It's clean with different walls to try.  There is safety and instructions that you get before climbing which is essential.   Plenty of snack food items and drinks to purchase as well.  I would only recommend that there be some other types of activities to do if you find out, like I did, that this simply is not your thing.  I found a little workout area and worked out on the bike with my ipod after I got tired of watching ripped young guys climb.   I suppose if you love climbing you will enjoy this place.  I give the place 3 stars because it seems well maintained and staffed.
I went to Aiguille for the first time this past weekend. Great experience, very helpful staff and tons of different walls to try.  Was a little crowded but everyone seemed to take turns nicely.  I'm looking forward to a return trip!
I had always wanted to try rock climbing. This place was awesome, the staff freindly and the repeat customers were awesome and friendly as well.  I found most people to be laid back helpful and kind in this community.   They give you all the instructions you need, however didn't explain how the walls were broken up into level of difficulty which is the only reason I didn't give 5 stars. I plan on getting a month pass.
Pretty much the only place in the area to rock climb. Some of the workers are nice, some are not.
Been meaning to go here for years. I have been to only one other rock climbing gym and that was in Tampa over 10 years ago. I am basically a beginner. It was a nice activity to do with a group of girlfriends. We showed up at about 11:30 on a Saturday and they were able to accommodate us. The staff was very patient and informative. They will "show you the ropes" so to speak. There are many different walls and levels. Don't be frightened. It isn't that hard to do. You have to buy a day pass I believe. It cost us $23 each. It includes harness, shoes, and instruction. They have snacks and drinks to purchase if you need them. It is fun to take a break and watch the pros on the walls. Some of them are incredibly limber. Make sure you have an even number of people when you go. One person belays while the other climbs. Just a note if your kids are going, they are strict on waivers. They turned a group of 14 year old girls away because their parents were not there to sign waivers. The parent has to be there in person to sign or your child needs to bring your drivers license.
Aiguille is an indoor rock climbing facility in Longwood. It is a great, active date activity or fun to do with a group of friends. You should be somewhat in shape to go, but they do have a wide range of difficulties that even a beginner can master. The cost of a day pass is $15, not including equipment rental, but they offer student discounts and have discount days set aside for certain groups (ladies day, hero day, etc) which can be found on their website. First they run you through a safety class and show you how to tie the knots that you'll need and teach you how to belay. They'll have you practice and be checked off before you are sent out on your own. There are somewhere around 20 walls each with various courses of varying difficulties. The easier courses have large hand and footholds while the more difficult ones have laughable tiny bumps you are supposed to be able to climb on. Well, they were laughable to us beginners anyway! We were impressed to see some of the more experienced climbers dangling upside down by their fingertips! There is a LEAD course in the back which is for more advanced climbers but was fun for us to watch. The facility is air conditioned but because it is in a big warehouse it still gets pretty hot at the top, especially in the summer. Make sure you dress appropriately, comfy shorts or yoga type pants. I prefer longer shorts so the harness doesn't rub on my bare skin but I did see some girls wearing short athletic shorts. I'd recommend renting climbing shoes too, even though they are uncomfortably tight they make climbing much easier. There are some tables and benches, a small work-out area, snacks and restrooms with showers. There are cubbies for your stuff and you can bring in a lunch- they even have a microwave to heat up your food. I have been coming to Aiguille for more than 10 years but it had been some time since my last visit. That meant that we were only able to climb 5-6 times before our upper body and hands ached. It is a great workout and you'll use muscles you didn't even know you had!
This gym made me momentarily wish I live in Orlando... which is really no small feat. There isn't a whole lot of bouldering but the top roping is really good with a lot of routes and consistent ratings, and they had really legit kid programs. We had fun. The only downside is as first time climbers they made us get tested and they only do that on the hour so we had to wait a bit. Costs were not bad with student discount.
I'm going to start by saying I'm sure everyone is partial to their home gym so even though most won't ever climb here *and* at my home gym, that fact is going to influence my review.   I climb and boulder 2 - 5 times a week.  I try to top rope with my husband at least twice a week and boulder on days he can't make it.  We climb at a gym of similar height. A couple weeks ago I found out my gym prides itself on grading its routes harder than other gyms meaning what is a 5.8 at my gym would be a 5.9 or more at another.  My gym also breaks 5.10's into a, b, c, & d although we all know what is one person's 5.10c is another's 5.11.  But I digress...I will say that I am proficient at my gym's 5.10b's with enough practice (I've been climbing since May 2012). Aiguille does not break its route down by letter just straight 5.5 - 5.12.  They have a nice sheet by the drinking fountain saying how many routes of each grade are available and which wall they're on.   Here's the nitty gritty stuff: for the vast amount of wall space they're aren't enough top rope routes.  A few clearly marked and taped routes didn't have grades written on them.  Routes near features did not say "feature on" or "crack off".  (They also don't give their routes fun names a pictures like my gym.)  But, my biggest gripe of all is that all the bouldering holds are the artificial limestone style that are super grippy but all the wall holds are the old, smooth slick style.  So, this being Florida, everything is more humid, and since they don't seem to have adequate AC everything is humid inside too and the higher up you go, the hotter it is, the more tired you get, the more your hands sweat, the more chalk you need and the less grip you have.  It would have been wonderful to have one or two of those nice holds from the bouldering area placed about 2/3 of the way up on the 5.10 and above routes just to have one nice, grippy hold before things got slick and slimy again. I also didn't feel like the gym took good advantage of it's layout and built in features.  Routes didn't seem to combine techniques like smearing and stemming or flagging or swapping hands/feet.  Difficulty seemed based on hold size only.  And the whole place stunk like Evolv's--again a ventilation issue.  And don't ever look around when you reach the top of a wall route--you'll be disgusted by all the dust and cobwebs--I swear it looked like a haunted house up there.  Geesh people, vacuum every once in a while.  And the couple making out on the ground behind the bouldering area was kind of gross. I think the gym should consider removing the large picnic table center in the middle and adding another bouldering area.  Or maybe moving the retail wall and desk to the middle and adding a bouldering cave near the entrance.   I will say the holds are set for someone short like me (5'2") instead of the long limbed climbers.
I got into rock climbing back in Tallahassee when I was in College, and looked for a rock gym as soon as I moved here back in 2008. Tallahassee's rock gym is a pretty small area run out of the back of a warehouse with only 6 top rope walls and a small bouldering cave. Imagine my surprise when I first walked into Aiguille. Aiguille has 16 top roping stations, a large, multifaceted bouldering area, and a lead climbing area. For those that have never gone climbing before, allow me to explain: Top roping is mostly likely what you think of when you think of climbing. You tie into a rope that is wrapped around a weight bar at the top of a 50-60 foot wall. A friend (or staff member, though there is a $5 charge for that) holds the other end of the rope and keeps the rock taught to keep you from splattering if you fall off the wall. The weight bar essentially cuts a person's weight in half, allowing pretty much anyone to belay their friends (there are also ropes bolted into the floor you can hook into if you're still worried about being able to keep someone from hoisting you up the wall). Most walls have various top-roping routes marked by tape that provide a more realistic and challenging experience. The routs are notated with a difficulty rating ranging from 5.6 (easy) to 5.12 (not easy). A required safety course occurs every hour where the staff go over basic knot tying and belaying techniques as well. While waiting, you can try your hand at the bouldering area. Where top-roping has you climbing up a 50 to 60 foot wall, bouldering is a free climbing exercise where you will rarely go higher than 15 feet. Bouldering is a great way to build technique, balance and strength. Like top-roping, there are routes marked V0 to V8 to challenge yourself with. New routes are put up on a weekly basis on one of the walls, providing you with new challenges to continue to push yourself. Located in the back of the gym is a lead climbing area, the lead climbing area is for those who want the most authentic rock climbing experience short of a drive to the nearest mountain range. Climbers bring their own rope and lock themselves into the wall as they go up. Routes here are start at 5.8 and only get harder, making top roping generally geared for experienced climbers. The staff at Aiguille are helpful and friendly. If you find you truly enjoy rock climbing, Aiguille does carry several brands of shoes, harnesses and other equipment at reasonable prices. Each Monday there is a challenge night where the staff at Aiguille have various balance or other activities (including rappelling, slack rope, and end over end climbing) to further challenge yourself. As a rule, rock climbers are more sociable than most gym rats. Regulars will often compare notes on a given route and offer advice, or simply watch each other work a route to gain inspiration about how to move. Don't be surprised if someone yells advice to you as your up on the wall. Aiguille provides a well-rounded, enjoyable, and fun environment to enjoy a great activity that will challenge your mind and body. The rates are reasonable for rock climbing ($9 for a bouldering day pass, $18 for top roping) with group rates and memberships available. If you've had an inkling to try out rock climbing, Aiguille is a great location to try it out.
I was in Orlando for something work-related and was surprised to learn of a gym there.  I'm from Washington (the state) so I have seen a couple gyms before and I mostly climb real rock, unlike the poor people in Orlando who told me they have to  drive 8+ hours for climbable rock. I visited in February which qualifies as "winter" in Florida though it was still 80+ degrees every day I was there. I expected a locker room smell but they had the roll-up door open and it was just fine.  I live in a dry area and the humidity wasn't a issue for me.   This gym pleasantly surprised me.  Bethany gave me and a buddy, who had never climbed, a good intro class with all the points necessary to get us climbing.   The routes were arranged logically and included several moderate climbs (5.2-ish) for my heights-fearing friend who ended the night sending a fun 5.6; a big deal for a guy who fears heights.   Bethany checked on us a few times to see if we were having a good time and to encourage my buddy.  The rental gear was funky, but it always is and they had gear for sale if you were interested but I wonder how many ropes they actually sell in a state like Florida. The holds on the easy routes were kinda polished but that's understandable.  The ones on the 5.9 routes and above were still very climbable.  The one spinner I found was still usable as a side-pull.  One 5.9 felt more like a 5.7 to me, the other seemed spot-on. Aiguille has a nice area for workouts (campus, etc) and a decent bouldering cave.  They sell energy bars and drinks but, being from WA, I expected more than just the single dirty coffee pot I saw off to the side.  I'm just being picky though, I'd definitely climb here again and recommend it to friends.
