Gorgeous, gorgeous park at the epicenter of Downtown Baldwin Park. If I lived closer I would take advantage of this beautiful area to walk my dogs.  This is a great place to just hang out and catch the sunrise/sunset , walk your pups, bike, run, etc! There is also 2 separate piers would I think would be just gorgeous for weddings or even engagement/ family photos! Such a picturesque area. There is also a trail that you can walk/run that will lead you to Fleet Peeples Dog Park. Amazing little spot that I tend to forget about. I'm a fan!
Just another beautiful place to unwind and relax in Baldwin Park. What is not to like about watching the sunrise or sunset over Baldwin lake? My one word description is "great".  Whether you snag a park bench, toss a blanket on the grass or hang a hammock from the palm trees this is a great place to be with your sweetie and/or a sweet treat. (Seriously though...I was just a little bit jealy of the couple in the hammock...why didn't I think of that??) It is simple a nice and serene place to be - read a book, go for a walk (jog or skate, etc.) or just take it all in while watching children play or the small ripples in the lake from feeding fish or wading birds. With plenty of gratis parking nearby, I highly recommend stopping by this park - you may not want to leave.
What a tranquil place. I was really glad that I had a little bit of time to spend here on my short trip to Orlando. I really liked the view of the lake, I walked around quite a bit. There's a small pier where I saw an old man fishing, a huge open grassy area; it was late evening so there weren't many people there but, I can see it being a really active place on a nice warm weekend. You really must check this place out if you're in the area, peaceful serenity, especially at sunset... probably sunrise too. #SYOY
Harbor Park is a scenic waterfront park that is located in the Baldwin Park Town Center.  You will find benches scattered along the sidewalk and boardwalk allowing those young and old a place to sit and enjoy the view.  There are two different boardwalks where you will often find people fishing or children looking at the sea life below. In the middle of the park is a grassy area where you will often find children having a game of tag or just enjoying the freedom of running around. My favorite time of day to enjoy the park is at dusk.  You have a beautiful view of the sunset.  This time of day you will often find couples sitting on the benches taking in the sites Mother Nature brings. While sunset is my favorite I also enjoy the evening when the lights are on and the fountain above is glowing.  It's fun to watch the planes flying above getting ready to land at MCO.  If you come early in the morning you will find people out fishing on their boats and the Osprey looking for food. This isn't a big park, but it offers a lot for enjoying nature.
I love Harbor park!  This is the part of Baldwin Park where the big fountain at the end of New Broad hits the two-sided stairs that lead down to the 2 docks.  You can fish off the docks, stroll out to watch the sunrise or sunset, or just enjoy the beautiful scenery of Baldwin Park. On a Friday or Saturday night, it's usually crowded with families, date-night couples, and groups of friends.  It's just a great place to grab some food and a fro-yo and hang out!
We are fans of Harbor Park.  It's located on Lake Baldwin along with two other solid parks, Fleet Peoples & Lake Baldwin Park.  It's really close to Seito Sushi and all the other restaurants and shops in the main part of Baldwin Park.  It's a great people watching spot and there are plenty of places to sit while taking it all in.  Good park to relax and watch sunsets as you can tell from the main picture.  Lots of runners jog around the lake and through this park throughout the day.  Overall, it's not huge acreage wise but it's worthy of at least four stars when it comes to parks.
With beautiful paths for cyclists, pedestrians and four legged friends, this picturesque park sits on Lake Baldwin and is easily accessible from the the village center.  It's a great place to stroll along while taking in views of the lake and surrounding communities, or a wonderful place to sit and relax on one of the many benches with a coffee or a frozen yogurt from one of the nearby businesses.  There are two piers which are great for taking pictures or doing a little fishing.  You can even rent the piers for weddings and other events (according to their website).   Take a stroll into the village and rent a bike for the day at the bike shop!
