Just another lake in Orlando you think, huh? This place is great for any neighborhood crony to come and 1) Fish 2) Walk their dogs 3) Enjoy a long, peaceful sit on a large bed of green grass. Such a great neighborhood park with lots of friendly people. If you live in the area, this is a great find.
Greenwood Urban Wetlands holds a very special, personal place in my heart. When I lived in Delaney Park, I would often walk my dog over to the wetlands to stroll and stretch our legs. This was the closest park, as I only lived a block away, but we would alternate between here and Lake Davis, and various parts of the neighborhood. As my dog got older, and her hips and back got weaker, we couldn't really walk anymore, so we would go and sit in the dog park area and people watch. This was the last place I was able to take Lady before she died, so when I pass by I always smile, thinking of fond memories. With that being said, this is a smaller, yet fabulous park. It is usually pretty clean, however, sometimes the water doesn't look too great. There is a sidewalk that spans the whole way around the lake, and I believe there are a few picnic tables as well. I have ridden my bike through it, as there are some good hills (for Florida), if you want a little bit of a challenge. Often you will come across dogs not on the leash, so if you or your dog has issue with that, then I would probably steer clear of the dog park area (obviously), and the area just past the bridge coming from the parking lot. Oh, and once when I was there walking my dog, there were people dressed as Storm Troopers being filmed walking through the lake. Very random!
To me, one of the better parks for a walk (with pup) in Orlando. Nestled near Greenwood cemetery off Mills and Anderson, this park is spacious. Centered around a lake with a hilly terrain it's a nice walk around this park- perfect for pups. Cross over a couple scenic bridges or chill on a bench. The adjoining neighborhood is quiet and equally as charming!
This is our favorite blanket picnic park in Orlando.  There is no playground and no swimming (this is a storm water filtration system), but it is a fun park to sit back and take in nature.  It's fun to sit on the bridge and watch the fish swim by, or walk out towards the turtle rock and see how close you can get before you scare them all away.  It's also a great park for bird watching and a great place to bring your dog. However, judging by the quantity of broken glass everywhere, it must be popular with the young (or ignorant) drinking crowd who like to drink a beer than smash the bottle on the nearest tree.  People, come on!  Forget my one-year-old daughter - there are DOGS here, and they don't wear shoes!  Have a little respect.  Every time I go I pick up as much glass as I can, but there is just so much. A tip on parking - there is a small parking lot at the end of Elmwood St at the northwest corner of the park. When heading south on Mills, take your first left onto Elmwood after crossing over Anderson.  Street parking is also available on Greenwood at the park's "official" address.
I adore this park. Even though it is only a 10 minute drive from my house, I always seem to forget about this park that is located next to the 408 and runs along Anderson Street. There are 2 adjoining lakes, tons of trees, and I love that it is so quiet and serene. The loop around the lakes is about 3/4 of a mile long. This park is very well maintained. There are several benches, picnic tables, dog stations, garbage cans and a couple of water fountains. There is also a small agility/play area for your dog! I felt very safe walking here during the day. While I have been there at off-peak times, the park is pretty safe. It is pretty open and you have clear views of the entire park in any location at the park. After work and on weekends, the park gets a little busier, but people are pretty friendly. It's a great lake to walk/jog around if you are looking for a break from Lake Eola. There is plenty of parking off of Anderson or on one of the residential streets.
There are so many beautiful parks in and around Orlando.  I love going out and exploring them.  I came across Greenwood Urban Wetland when I was getting on to 408.  We drove by and I couldn't wait to go back and check it out.  This gorgeous 19 acre park reminded me of being back in Pennsylvania.  I took a stroll in the late fall and some of the trees had lost some leaves while others had changed color to a brownish color. The park has a paved trail that goes around the lake.  I enjoy how beautiful the view looks for the different angles you see when walking around the trail.  While the trail goes around one lake you will come across two other smaller lakes that border the trail.  It's very peaceful walking around looking at the birds and taking in the scenery.  Though the park is bordered by the 408, though I found that the traffic noise was not a nuisance. You will find benches and picnic tables scattered about.  You could grab some lunch at 903 Mills Market right up the street and bring it here for a relaxing lunch.  This is a great spot for some tranquility.  I look forward to spending time strolling around Greenwood Urban Wetlands.
Nestled in the quiet downtown neighborhood of Lake Davis/Greenwood, this 19 acre park is the perfect place to unwind and connect with nature. On the eastern side adjacent to the park is the Greenwood cemetary, but it's almost entirely concealed by a woodsy area. With bridges, picnic tables, mature trees and foliage - it's easy to forget you're still in Orlando. Very peaceful, serene and dog-friendly (leash required). If you're seeking less hustle and bustle of the downtown core, I recommend going for a stroll/jog here sometime. The main parking area is located on Elmwood St. (off S. Mills Ave).
Hands down this is my favorite park in Orlando.  It's off the beaten path without being in the middle of nowhere, which I love. As previous reviewers mention, it's just off Mills and is very very quaint. I just think it's a wonderful place to go on a random Sunday with or without a pal/pals and just walk around and take it all in. The park is lined with huge trees with hanging moss, and it's never crowded, which makes it a great place to bring your dog(s). I've seen people picnic here too, and even though I haven't done that (yet), I think it's the perfect place for a quiet picnic. And I hear it's great for kite-flyng.
What a gorgeous park and absolutely perfect for dog walking. I live one street up and by the time I walk to to the park, around it and hit my door back home, it's been 45-50 minutes. It's a pretty good walk. This park is nestled in the Thornton Park area. It's in the center of a super cute neighborhood with brick streets. It's a couple of blocks from the awesome restaurant, Mills Market. It's also next to the cemetery so if you forget where to turn, turn at the Greenwood Cemetery sign. You can park on the street that the park is on or they have a parking lot (I believe it's one street up). My dogs adore this park because I let them run free and because there's tons of squirrels for them to chase. The sidewalk circles the park and you can see far enough ahead to see if there's any dogs coming. This is perfect since I can leash them back up anytime I see a dog coming (they hate other dogs). The scenery is gorgeous with a huge lake and a massive field for them to run in. I've seen people on more than one occasion taking professional pictures out here. There's mangroves on one part of the trail surrounded by a sleepy stream. The best part is the curve going towards the bridge. It's shady and feels almost like you are walking through a forest. Very popular park with tons of dog walkers. I see the same people daily. I wouldn't go here alone if you are female, or at least walk all the way around where you are far from the street and in the forested/bridge area. There's no one on the streets usually, even though its a neighborhood. Unless you go during primo busy times, like before or after work, it's pretty dead. So beware if its a weekday at 1pm or something. Be safe!
Beautiful Park...seems to be overrun with DOGS!  It is NOT a Dog Park, but the humans cannot read the obvious signs which state THE LAW: All dogs must be on a leash and cleanup after your dog. Dog owners do not respect other people using this park. If you don't want to "step in it" or be accosted by a dog, don't visit here. No City enforcement. Pity the City because they cater to the dogs and not the taxpayers anymore. Shame on them, I would really like to walk and bike in this place.
