This is by far the most effective workout for your time! It's not one of those bootcamps where they yell at you like you're under some kind of punishment. The trainers are super uplifting. If you are doing an exercise wrong they will come by and help you in a totally nice way. If you can't do an exercise they will offer you one that is more your speed. During your first meeting they take your measurements and go over what you should be eating and how many workouts/what type of workouts you should do to reach your personal goals. They have a measurement week once a month to keep everyone accountable, but you can set up a meeting any time if you feel you need some extra guidance. Like some other people I saw here, I was a runner when I first started bootcamp and I thought it would be easy for me but IT KICKED MY BUTT and got me into way better shape than running alone could. I would suggest taking advantage of their monthly challenges - they are super motivating and you can win cash and prizes. Take advantage of their nutrition help while you are there too! They also do charity events for the community sometimes which I think is awesome! They'll have bootcamps some days where anyone can come work out for the day and all proceeds go to charity. They do groupons and other deals a lot so keep your eye out for those!
I am a runner.....I have done many races, run 4-5 days a week, and can knock out 10-12 miles like its nothing.  My first day at Orlando Fit Body Boot Camp i wanted to throw up.   I was looking for a way to add some strength training to my fitness regimen and this definitely fits the bill.  I love how challenging the workouts are; it makes me want to work harder so that i get through all the reps without resting.  This workout is what you make it and you will get out of it exactly what you put into it.  I also love that the instructors are upbeat and encouraging...no coddling here.  They are always walking around and making sure your form is correct so that you get the maximum results out of each move.  Best part, I am in and out in 30 minutes. I can not recommend this place enough!
I love boot camp! It's great how I can get an awesome total body workout with strength training and cardio in 30 minutes. The times are convenient and allow you to work out before or after work. Shannon, who is the trainer at night, is awesome! He makes the workout fun and also pushes you. I sometimes have to sit in my car for a bit to recover before I can drive. Definitely plan to leave dripping with sweat. You will see results within the first couple of weeks, I did! The owners, Kerry and Andrea, are really nice and friendly. They are quick to respond to anything their clients need. I recommend Fit Body Boot Camp to all of my friends.
Blood, sweat, tears.... the pride. Show up and stay plugged in. I'm new here but I know several people who are long time members. Everyone seems to love these high energy workouts. Just check your ego at the door and try to hang in there.
Joining fit body bootcamp was the best decision I've made. The classes are only 30 minutes and they're actually FUN! I never want to go back to the regular gym ever again!!! It's so much easier to have a professional guiding you - and to have others doing it with you. The classes are never the same either! They also offer help with nutrition and do monthly measurements so you can track your progress and meet your personal goals. Highly highly highly recommend!!! :)
The trainers here are awesome! Great work out, everyone truly wants to help you meet your goal!
I'm a 20-year cancer survivor and have lymphedema in one arm, so I wasn't sure I'd be able to work out effectively with weights. Andrea and Kerry are great with adapting exercises for different physical limitations, so don't let yours stop you from getting fit! You'll work hard but you'll have fun doing it. After just a few weeks I am stronger, have more energy and am watching my "mom roll" melt away! The biggest surprise is I no longer have neck or back pain that I used to get from long hours at the computer or sewing machine. I didn't realize it was because those muscles were weak and I could do something about it. Thanks, Andrea and Kerry, for giving me the little push I needed to take care of myself!
