This is a very nice park. Wide sidewalks and at night it is very well lit. I enjoy taking my dog here and walking around the lake. He enjoys chasing squirrels and looking at all the many ducks. I like that its pet friendly with plenty of poopie bag stations scattered around the lake. There is more parking than you think. If you keep driving back there is lots of parking. I have also been to many events here that the city hosts. The food truck rally is a must. Live music and lots of different food vendors. There is a Sunday farmers market. And the art festival is very nice. If you want to grab a bit to eat at a near by restaurant and take it to the park there are quite a few picnic table to sit and enjoy the water and wildlife.
A very nice park located among the hustle and bustle of Maitland/Winter Park. We have been here several times, most recently for the Art Festival. There were a variety of artists setting up shop and light crowds. There is ample shade as you walk around the lake and plenty of critters despite this being so close to trafficked areas. We saw lots of ducks and even some newly hatched ducklings. The playground is nice and a decent size. It has only one way in and out with benches for parents. There are bathrooms directly across from the playground entrance. The lake itself is small-ish but well maintained. You can walk completely around the lake thanks to sidewalks and boardwalks.
Lake Lily is a beautiful little "hometown" park with an abundance of charm.   If you're into walking or running, this is a great place to park your car and start your trail through a beautiful area of Maitland.  Three times around the lake is about a mile.  Most of the walk is shaded, although a portion is out in the sun.  Always some friendly ducks to brighten your walk.  Or you can do what I do and walk the lake, but then walk through the apartment complex around to a wood planked nature walk that runs along the train tracks and eventually takes you back to a neighborhood with lakes and many different options to extend your trail.  You're near the Maitland Art Center and their park, so can work this into your trail, too.  Much of this area is shaded by trees, very quiet and has very minimal road traffic. The city hosts many events at the park including the Sunday Farmer's Market and Wednesday Food Truck Rally, among many other events.  The host a few art festivals here, too, which have grown through the years and are really quite nice.  One of the nicest qualities is that this is the only art festival in town (at least that I know of) that is open until 9 or 10 pm at night, serving wine, etc. to make a very night date night, girls night out event or just liven up your walk routine.   There's a fenced in playground area with equipment for children and very nice restroom facilities for a park.  I also love the historic Maitland House that is on the grounds, as well as the civic center for rental.  Depending on the time of year, you can catch a wedding or two in the park.  It's a quiet, peaceful spot to pick up lunch from the many nearby lunch places (including Antonio's which you can walk to from the park). Check it out -- you won't be disappointed!
This park, in my opinion, is just perfect!  It has just the right blend of characteristics to make it one of the area's best outdoor spaces!  Lake Lily itself isn't a very big lake but is still charming with it's beautifully centered (and working) fountain and floating lily pads complete with resident wildlife including squirrels, ducks, geese, various birds, fish, and not to mention a very healthy population of turtles (which definitely make their presence known).     The park is clean and both kid and dog friendly and offers a fenced in play area for children, a nicely constructed restroom pavilion, a romantic gazebo, a walking path that borders the lake, benches/ water fountains/ doggie stations throughout the park, a lakeside boardwalk, a historic museum, a cottage/ club house available for rental, plus big shady trees and well maintained green space.  It's the perfect place to spend the day!
Lake Lily park is at the intersection of Maitland Ave and 17/92 in Maitland, FL in front of the Maitland Civic Center. The compact park has a small lake (Lake Lily) with walking path around (.52 miles on the route I walked), picnic tables, playground, lawn and plenty of benches for enjoying a book, people watching or quiet moment. Many special events are held here, like the Weekly Food Trucks or the Farmer's market, along with many different festivals throughout the year. If you arrive on a non event day, there is plenty of parking in the small lot in front of the civic center. Expect to see singles, families and seniors enjoying a nice day around this lovely park.
We went here for a Mother's Day picnic dinner and it was the first time I'd been since the days when Veg Fest was hosted here.  What a beautiful park!  There's a fenced-in  playground and plenty of benches and picnic tables.  But the real star of the show is the lake!  Home to fish, various water fowl, turtles, and of course the namesake water lilies.  We were there at just the right time to see several different broods of ducklings - we saw at least 60 duckling all together!  I could not believe how many turtles were in the lake - we saw  babies, juveniles and adults, and also both soft shells and at least 3 or 4 difference species of hard shells! The walk around the lake is very nice, not too far for little legs, and very enjoyable.  And, the train comes through too, which is a special treat for the kiddos!
Great park and a nice place to come and relax,lots of birds and ducks just wondering around and not even scared of humans. Farmers market here on weekends and even the Maitland library is right there. Good place to bring your girlfriend or wife or just to ride bike to and from. Best time to come is when it's not very hot and watching the sun rise or set is also amazing.
I had driven by this park a few times, but little did I know what hidden gem was hiding behind the trees.  Lake Lily is not a large park, but it has a lot to offer for its size. We stopped by during the Wednesday night food truck gathering. We hadn't planned on a visit, but we're passing by and thought we'd check out the park.   We were at the park at the break of dusk. That's always such a pretty time of night anyway, but to be at a park makes it lovely. We took a stroll around the lake. The first thing you notice is how many people are out enjoying this park with you; not in a crowded sense but a way of being part of a community. There were colorful ducks waddling around. Children were enjoying themselves on the playground and couples were having picnics. There are plenty of tables and benches scattered around the lake. We sat and enjoyed the view. It was peaceful watching a fisherman cast his reel.  We enjoyed sitting there listening to the music coming from a nearby patio. We finished our stroll around the lake by checking out all the turtles in the water. They know when people are coming by; seem to be looking for a handout. They didn't have to wait to long for a family to throw them some bread. Lake Lily is a pretty park to walk around the lake. The view is quite nice with the fountain in the middle and the lily pads dotting the edges.  It's just a nice place to connect with nature. The park is host to the weekly Food Truck Cafe on Wednesdays from 6pm-9pm and the Sunday Farmer's Market from 9am-2pm.
This is a very nice park. It features a wrap around walkway that winds around Lake Lily, with a little boardwalk and a gazebo. There are picnic benches/ tables all around, and a playground for the kiddies. If you have a liking for animals, the ducks here are very friendly and if you bring bread, they walk right up to you in their efforts to get a snack. The boardwalk offers a chance to feed the turtles, and let me tell you, there are a lot of them. Overall, this is a very relaxing and laid back park with a lot to offer its visitors. And don't forget to visit the City of Maitland Farmers' Market every Sunday from 9 a.m. - 2 p.m. at Lake Lily as well.
