This review is specifically for the mani-pedi service I got with Tiffany: I cannot tell you how great a job she did! Efficient on time (sometimes a really quick job seems like it's convenient, but the result is less than perfect, but neither was this an unnecessarily prolonged session which sometimes happens with a less experienced technician), flawless in execution, incredibly friendly and polite in manner. It was my first time in this salon but I will keep coming back to get my nails done in such a nice atmosphere with such a professional staff. Additionally -- they actually operate longer hours (10-6) + Saturdays (11-5), unlike what the business info on top shows here. I went toward the end of the day on Friday and while my newly polished shiny nails did manage to dry by 6pm (the official closing time), the owner was willing to stay longer if I needed to. He seems like a really upstanding guy as well.
I've been to Garbo's to get my hair cut a few times, as well as to get a pedicure. They have wonderful service--everyone is very friendly and they try not to keep you waiting for your appointment. I've seen two different hair stylists at the salon, and they both did a great job listening to what I wanted for my hair, offering suggestions and actually delivering a great hair cut. Their prices may be a little higher compared to other places, but for the quality and service, I think they are very reasonable. They also keep the place very clean and have a nice atmosphere, which is a huge plus. In short, I'd definitely recommend them!
Garbo's is a great place to go for a wide variety of services, waxing, haircuts, tanning, nails, they have it all! Prices are very reasonable for a excellent outcome. Watch out for tanning package specials during the slow times of the year, the owner is usually very willing to negotiate if you happen to catch him behind the counter! It does get rather busy certain times of the year so I would recommend making an appointment, although they are not required for most of the services.
EXTREMELY Satisfied. Actually beyond satisfied! It's the summer, so it's good to keep this in mind. However, I was easily and quickly able to score an appointment for a BRAZILIAN WAX, and this was just the DAY BEFORE! So, the day dawns and I decide I also want to get my HAIR CUT. I ring them at 10 a.m. with my request, and DOMINICK (who booked my first appointment) is happy to ACCOMMODATE me. Just a quick shift so that the appointments run consecutively, and I'm all set. I arrive for my appointment and I am GREETED with a BENEVOLENT and WELCOMING smile from DOMINICK, the owner/operator. This good-humored man's face brightens as he recognizes my name and voice and gives me a stout handshake hello. I am quickly introduced to JENNIFER, my waxer who promptly apologizes for her relaxed appearance. I see nothing wrong with her beach-inspired, cute outfit, especially in the summer and on a college campus. THE WAXING ROOM Very brightly lit and clean. Nothing special, just your average room. THE WAXER Fabulous. JENNIFER is extremely professional, discreet, pleasant, quick, accurate, and relatively pain-free (given the "procedure"). She's been Brazilian waxing (or was it just waxing in general, can't recall) for 12 YEARS and her quality of work and professionalism show it. COST $50 - This is quite a bargain! --- THE SNAFU Turns out a client who was booked just before me was 45 minutes late. My hair dresser, PENNY, approached me with SINCERE regret and MEEKNESS in requesting if I could wait an extra 1.5 hours for her. I'm an easy-going person and had no plans. I was on M Street and could eat. Mostly, I understood IT WAS NOT HER FAULT so I gladly accommodated. THE UNEXPECTED TREAT It's raining, so I'm actually glad there's a delay in my haircut. I cross the street to grab a bite to eat. As I'm ordering my food, I recognize DOMINICK. He expresses surprise at seeing me as he REMEMBERS I'm supposed to get my hair cut. I explain the situation, and tell him it's no big deal and I understand these things happen. As I stand at the register and hand my card to the cashier, DOMINICK tells me to put away my card and BUYS ME LUNCH! I was floored at his GOOD-WILL and FRIENDLINESS. --- THE SALON Comfy lighting with equally comfy couches and current issues of all the fashion mags. The stations are clean and functional without being cookie-cutter boring. THE HAIR DRESSER I arrive for my haircut, and am greeted by a GRATEFUL looking PENNY. She thanks me again for my patience as she leads me to the shampoo area. I get a GOOD SCALP SCRUB as we chat about what I'd like to do with my hair and other miscellaneous interests. At the chair, we continue to discuss my face shape and flattering hair styles. I swear, SHE COULD READ MY THOUGHTS! She recommended exactly what I was thinking. PENNY was also AWESOME with keeping me informed of each step she took by EXPLAINING IT TO ME and CHECKING IN. END RESULT = LOVING IT! COST $40 - Shut the Front Door! Seriously! --- Thanks again to GARBO's and their sweet DOMINICK and fantastic JENNIFER and PENNY!
June 2014 I was asked to pay in advance to avoid the inconvenience of having to come back upstairs to the reception area when I left. I did so and gave a 20 percent tip. Got the worst leg wax of my life. Very sloppy. All over my legs small patches and thin strips of hair were left behind. In other places hair was just broken off, not pulled out at the root. Also, a full leg wax did not include a bikini wax. Would have been willing to pay more to include a bikini wax, but was not offered this option. I was not offered an opportunity to look my legs over at the end. She just said she was done and walked out.
Yes, this is where all the SU sorority girls come to get their "tan on" and their "hair did".  And some of the frat boys as well.  However, there is a reason why this place is so popular. The hairdressers and owner are extremely nice and timely.  There is a nice waiting area full of magazines and a coat rack (always a plus in Syracuse).  There are separate little rooms for tanning (I don't tan, so I don't know more than that).  The owner (I assume) was always friendly, greeting everyone like he knew them well.  Then again, maybe there were girls he knew well because they were in there 2-3 times per week for tanning, but anyhoo, I was still treated the same with my every-2-month appointments.  And after each haircut, every patron was always showered with compliments. The prices are great for a fantastic haircut.  I stuck with the same hairdresser for 3 years of undergrad and still miss the way my hair looked after going here!
I've only gotten my eyebrows done here, but I hear great things about their hair service. My friends have gone and come back with spectacular cuts and dyes, and the hair stylists seem to know what's up since all their predictions about fades and touch-ups come true within their words. I'm not much of a talker, so when it comes to eyebrows I just close my eyes and hope for the best. I've come here twice, and been satisfied with their job. The first time was nothing special. The second time, I was scared because I thought they thinned and arched my eyebrows out too much (I'm Asian. I'm used to thick, straight brows) but the more I looked, the more I liked it. They made my face look fresh and clean - and offered aloe vera to soothe the redness afterwards. Seeing as it's one of the only salons around, Garbos could have charged an arm and a leg for any service, but they keep it reasonable, friendly and constantly give great service. That's why this place earns the special five stars in my book. **For anything other than eyebrow wax, I'd suggest an appointment.
Extremely friendly staff, very convinent, and price is average. I come in about every 2/3 weeks. The ladies can basically do any style you want. Walkins are welcomed and the wait is usually very minimum.
I need to drop a star because I just had a Brazilian wax here. It was not great. She double dipped her sticks, smothered me in baby powder and didn't bother with the crack.
This place is awesome. Friendly and warm, they provide excellent service at a really reasonable price. Penny is an excellent and friendly stylist who does wonders on color. She came highly recommended, and I will continue the tradition.
I had a very pleasant experience in this salon, which I found by looking at yelp reviews.  The business manager was charming as could be, extremely friendly and inviting.  The hairstylist was experienced, and did a great job.  My only concern is that she cut a bit conservatively, although I would much rather a less dramatic cut than a butchered do.  The hair looks and feels great, I will go back and recommend them.
the service here is awesome.. everyone was so0o nice
Go to Jen for leg waxing. My legs were all waxed and smooth in 8 minutes sharp! Yes, it was so quick that I had to look at my watch. Wonder if there is a a record for this? The building was old and creaky, but the waxing rooms were clean, so it didn't matter much.
