Beautiful lush, green,  and FREE shady park with great views to the lake. I really love Florida for all the awesome parks, and this one does not disappoint. Great for walking and jogging, lots of playground for kids.  Water fountains along with dog fountains are along the paths, in addition to basketball court. Grills and picnic tables.  Plenty of parking.  Go! A nice get away close to downtown.
A lovely park with copious oaks and cypress (yeah, no false advertising here). I like that entrance is free, which makes it perfect for a quick running jaunt. No one wants to pay 5 dollars to park just to get in a 2 mile run - but such is the case at many municipal parks. There's a running path, helpfully adorned with distance markers every 0.1 mile. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the loop itself is 0.8 mile. It's nice, but does get a little dull going round it more than twice - I wish the path went through more of the shaded, lakeside area than just circling the open fields and basketball courts. Speaking of which, the courts were very nice - and as I ran by, I saw a fairly high level of pickup basketball being played. This one dude kept draining shot after shot from the right corner. You Magic fans might want to tell your GM to come over here and scout this place. Otherwise, there are fields aplenty, perfect to set up some cones and play kickball, soccer, or football. I saw a lot of picnic tables, but no larger shelters, so I would say this is a park for smaller picnics only. I can't really ask for too much more. I'd come here again for a run.
I've attended a wedding and visited the the Christmas lights display. It is a relatively large park on a lake, but fairly boring. There is an old house on the property that is used  to host the weddings.
Cypress Grove Park boasts many amenities. There are open fields that can be used for a variety of functions, many picnic and barbecue areas, and a fun playground for the little ones. The main attraction seems to be the Estate House, a colonial-style home built in the 1920s that is often rented for weddings or other special occasions. While we were strolling along the lake behind the house, there were two groups scouting this location for their upcoming special event. The setting is indeed quite gorgeous and unexpected. Once you go through the entrance, you don't really feel like you're in Orlando the city, but rather an hour or so away. The park is very well-maintained with paved walkways going around the entire perimeter. The grass seemed freshly mowed and the park as a whole was as clean as it could be for being exposed to the elements. Leashed dogs are allowed, so we took our ever anxious dog here with us for our stroll. We ran into only two other dogs and not that many people considering it was a Sunday afternoon. There were certainly people, but with the vastness of the grounds, it didn't feel crowded at all. Definitely a park worth visiting numerous times.
Ok, I was seriously confused about this park when I looked it up on Yelp. Was it like a Leu Gardens and charged admission? Was it a private park? Did they allow pets? Can I walk on their trail? A quick phone call answered all my questions (it's a public orange county park and you have to hunt for it but you can find their actual park info here: apps.ocfl.net/dept/CEsrv…) so I loaded up my pooch in the back of my car and headed over for a walk. WOW. It's GORGEOUS! I'm trying to enjoy as much of this normal, spring weather before it gets searingly hot and Cypress Grove is the perfect place to be right now. Absolutely gorgeous, mature trees surround the park and dot the expanse of field. I picked a huge one to sit under the shade while the sun set and read a book. Then I took a walk along the perimeter of the park which snakes through volley ball courts, basketball courts and ultimately takes you towards the playground and lake. What a view! I had to stop and sit in the grass lakeside with my puppy too! My only remark is that they put the playground pretty much lakeside, so if you wanted to sit quietly and enjoy the view, forget it. It can be pretty loud and distracting with the playful shrieks of kids (they also seem to take over the nearby dock too). Obviously, I'm not a parent so naturally this bothers me BUT I'm sure the parents are grateful to enjoy a nice view while watching their kids. I can totally see the wedding appeal. If you live nearby, this is a must!
My college roommates got married at the "mansion" located in this park, and the location made for a beautiful wedding.  The house was beautiful plantation-style Southern home with a nice outdoor garden and yard where the ceremony took place.  The gazebo was close to the lake, which lent itself to stunning views during the ceremony.  Despite being not far from picnic-ers, the locale was pretty isolated from the activity of the picnic tables around.   A beautiful park to go, either for a relaxing family picnic or for an event in either the Old House or at the Cottage.  Be aware though - despite the beautiful setting, this IS in Orlando and it can get hot and humid!
A delicious find in an unexpected part of town, Cypress Grove Park is on Holden Avenue near S. Orange Avenue, and part of Orange County Parks and Recreation. I took my dog for a walk there on a beautiful Saturday morning.  For such a beautiful place, there were few people there.  It's on a lake and there is nice estate house where I understand weddings are performed.  The park has picnic tables, a children's playground, huge southern oaks with hanging moss, and of course, cypress trees.   There's plenty of room for walking and meditation and enjoying the beauty of the place.  It's a very large park: think Leu Gardens but more open.  I must go back soon; this is a marvelous spot for photo ops.  No charge for admission!
What a gorgeous park!  I had no idea how beautiful the grounds would be at this former lakefront estate. The long tree covered entrance leads up to the attractive 1925 Estate House that looks out on to Lake Jessamine. This former estate is a popular spot for weddings and receptions. While the house is a beauty, the grounds are just as impressive.  Large oaks are scattered about.  You will find walkways throughout the park that are worth strolling around and taking in the natural beauty of the grounds.  You will find a couple of gazebos, a boardwalk, playground, restrooms, picnic tables, ball fields, volleyball courts and seating located throughout. Cypress Grove Park is a lovely place to come for the day or a quick stroll.  This 80 acre Orange County park has a lot to offer the community.  There are a couple of upcoming holiday events including a visit from Santa a the Festival of Lights runs from December 5th-9th.
This place is sooooo pretty, it is hidden in the corner of Orange and Holden ave. Perfect for picnics, birthday parties, flying kites, playing frisbie, taking a nice stroll around the park, or any type of sport. The park is filled with plenty of grass space and tall gorgeous trees. They have park benches which would be a great set up for a nice lunch. Overall a great place to plan an outdoors get together.
Utterly shocked that this place provides free admission, as the grounds are absolutely beautiful. I decided to drop by here with some lunch and sit by the lake on a Sunday night for a bit of relaxation, but couldn't deal with the high level of noise occurring on the playground just feet from the lake. On the plus side, it seems like kids and families were enjoying themselves immensely.  I'm contemplating coming here in the future with my dogs for a stroll, but likely wouldn't come here without children for a bit of relaxation.
What a beautiful place to have a wedding. The grounds and the view over the lake are lovely. The historic house is a nice backdrop and the spanish moss draped trees, romantic. Went to a cousin's wedding here last month and it was fabulous. You can do a lot with this space.
Cypress Grove Park is right off of Orange Ave on Holden Ave. It has plenty of sports and recreational facilities, despite being one of the smaller parks in the area. The Good: This Old House: The biggest draw to this park is probably the old restored house that was built in the 1920's. It has a beautiful construction, and is a great way to introduce your little ones to some Florida history. Plenty of ways to play ball!: This place has several small facilities where you can play basketball, volleyball, and  softball The Bad: A little smallish: This place is definitely not one of the bigger parks around, and I would probably go to one of the other, bigger parks nearby if you are trying to find a place to spend the whole day. Still, if you are close to Orange ave. then it is worth a look. Someone getting married?: This park is a popular destination for weddings, so it will be closed off a lot, especially during the weekends. Overall 7.5/10= Cypress Satisfactory
This gorgeous park is a hidden secret in south Orlando. Take Orange Avenue south then hang a right on Holden to find this serene place. There are beautiful oaks, pines and cypress trees along with open grassy spaces. The lake is gorgeous and there are several nice places to sit and enjoy the view. I'd been to a wedding here some time back and had forgotten about the place until I recently revisited. There are places to jog, bathrooms and playgrounds. The only interruption to the peace is the occasional train that rumbles by. My son LOVED that, of course!
Awesome park. great space, bunch of amenities. Sports / workout / family friendly. bring your pets and have a blast!
I live a stones throw from this park and boy am I glad! Nothing beats this place if you are looking for an afternoon picnic, a playground for the kids, a scenic water view, or a quick run in the park!! I must see if you are near by!
This park is really nice and has many open fields to play all kinds of sports. The park is well maintained and very clean. I really hope it stays this way. It is perfect for coming here in the evening when its not too hot and have a picnic. There is a nice view of the lake and a rose garden that smells wonderful.
