Man, I remember when this ride first came out - I basically lost my shizzz. It was like an updated version of Back to the Future (which really blew that ride out of the water) and included Spiderman - just as the characters popularity was growing with all the great films. They have an awesome queue here which takes you through the offices of the Daily Bugle - and has some cool items in there like Peter Parkers work desk. You will also see Spidey walking around the park and the building across from the ride he usually has scheduled photo ops. Go snap a photo with him! The ride itself takes you on a battle with a ton of Spiderman bad guys as you twist and turn through the "city". It's in 3D (really 4D?) so when Spidey lands on your car, not only is he all up in your face, but the car dips a little to give the illusion he actually landed on the car - awesome! There's fire, there's water, there's non-stop action! I haven't been back since they gave it a bit of a facelift and I assume it could of only got better.
The 3-D nature of the Spiderman ride makes this truly enjoyable. I have been to Universal studios more than three times and have enjoyed Spiderman each time at the park. While not the thrill ride that the incredible hulk is, I think this ride is near the top of the list for the universal studios Islands of adventure. Do not miss this ride on your visit. Note, this ride is not a terribly jostling ride.
Loved loved loved it.  I have never experience this and this was my first 3D ride. Definitely unexpected and worth the 30 minute wait line. All the special effects made the ride along with amazing graphics all around. It was like we were right in the action. Highly recommended for all age to try this. You will not be disappointed.
Neat ride with a great queue in terms of decor. I really appreciated the story and the cool effects. I wear glasses, so something about that when combined with the 3d glasses made it so the effect was not as sharp as what other folks in my party mentioned.
This is by far the BEST ride in the park!!!!!!!!  I wanted to go on it again and again~!  I'm not really into scary rides or roller coasters, but this was fun and just a tiny bit scary.  It is kind of like a roller coaster, but also a 3d movie ride.  Children and adults would love this ride!
Loads of fun.  This ride has spectacular special effects and is sufficiently scary, especially the simulated drops off buildings.
The very best ride I've ever been on in my 40+ years of life. I couldn't believe how real it felt. Better than the Harry Potter ride across the park, by far.  My 6 year old found this one very frightening, but my 9 year old loved it.
This ride has aged well. If you're in the park and love a good Spider Man moment, don't miss out on this one! Not the best there is, but it's certainly a highlight!
Coolest ride ever. Like nothing you've ever been on. Tons of visuals, movement and other sensory effects too. The only reason to come to this park.
This ride helps define Islands of Adventure. You can get away with having less rides when the rides you have are this awesome. Spider-Man ride has been around a while, and it still shines. When it appeared at Universal, it was definitely a game changer in terms of rides at amusement parks. In fact, I bet that all the 4-d rides that have saved the Universal Studios side of the park were born from this one stroke of pure genius. If you only ride one ride at Islands of Adventure, this should be it, if only to understand where all the other cool rides like Harry Potter came from!
This ride was great! It was the perfect blend between "not a roller coaster", 3D goodness, and special effects. It's 3D but didn't made us sick at all. We rode it early in the morning, and there wasn't much of a wait. That being said, if it would've been a longer wait, it still would've been worth it!
I was worried when I heard they updated this ride, but they did it well and it came out better for it. One of the best things about this ride, honestly, is the queue. Where else do you get to feel like you've been dropped straight into the pages of a Spiderman comic? The decor is awesome to look at.
This is a great ride! It's like your in the comics! Going on an adventure battling spider mans enemies! Lots of surprises and action! I'm a huge Marvel fan! I grew up reading marvel comics as a kid. To see the characters in the ride just made me feel like a kid again! Dr Octopus, Electro, hydra-man are but just a few of the villains I encountered on the ride! It was never a dull moment! Worth the wait in line, although I had the front of line pass! Woohoo!
if you like 3D rides, then you should definitely do this as well. the waiting line is interactive somewhat. there are tvs of news reports of spiderman doing its thing. you wait through the daily bugles office. it can be entertaining until you hear the same thing for the 10th time the ride itself is great too. i dont care for the glasses, but it really adds into the immersion of the ride. fire, glass, water is thrown at you and the effects of that are awesome
I just had an awesome experience on the Spiderman ride my family and I were riding with a guest who was yelling obscenities and made the ride on enjoyable.  Without needing to mention anything Stephanie one of the employees of the ride noticed that the other person was behaving inappropriately and immediately issued us another ride. What awesome customer service on an incredible ride thank you Stephanie
This is one of the families favorites. I love that they redid the film to HD and add Stan Lee. This ride and transfomers are essential the same ride just a different theme having said that we prefer spidey. The line can get long long so ride early.
The wait for the Spider Man ride seems to last forever, but they keep it moving and there are cartoons running throughout the line to fill you in on the storyline. The 4D they use with this ride adds a nice dimension...especially for kids.  Spider-Man trying to save the city against a bunch of bad guys, you following along, and a bumpy ride where you get blasted with hot air and water.   Another great ride...one of those rides that is really done well.  Not as scary as the Hulk roller coaster, but a fun ride all the same!
Located in the Islands of Adventure in Universal Studios Orlando Florida. This ride is located in the Marvel section of the park. It was a pretty cool ride very simular to the Transformers ride for those who have been to Universal Studios in California. You sit in a car and they close a side of the car which is your door so be careful! Afterwards you ride forward and greet several screens that show you 3D images that are pretty cool. The car does turn often and often accelerates but is less intense then Transformers in my opinion. Have fun!
Wow! I sure was excited when I was able to get a newsreporter job right at an amusement park! Honestly, I was a little worried trusting that greedy man to drive our S.C.O.O.P. but I was excited to shed some light on what was happening in New York! I was REALLY worried when everyone was totally chill about the villians causing a ruckus downtown and was having second thoughts. And I was REALLY afraid when the villains started chasing us all across the city! Thankfully Spiderman showed up! He was losing the fight for the longest time! I was really worried, I tried to yell fighting tips to him, but I don't think he could hear me over the chaos. But he's a great superhero so he somehow finished the fight real quick! It was the thrill of a lifetime!
Action packed (and frankly, probably way too violent for kids 9 and younger) 4-D ride featuring Superman and his arch rivals in an epic superhero showdown, complete with items racing at your head, free-fall elements and heat, this is one heck of a ride. It is one of the better rides for families in Universal Orlando Islands of Adventure, although you could argue its not really appropriate for families, depending on your child's age and your comfort level with action movies with a violent element .  We grew up with Marvel Comics, so you know what I'm talking about and given todays news, its something to really think about. It was pretty darned scary for our  almost eight year old, who cringed and covered her face through the entire ride.  WIsh we had realized that before taking her in. Universal Islands of Adventure has a couple of great 4 D rides like this (e.g. Harry Potter) and they are absolutely thrilling for adults, but if our experience was any indication, they can be quite frightening for kids, depending on their age. Wish Universal could use their power (creativity) for good  --e.g. incorporate some great 4D rides at this level of excitement that bring enjoyment to the entire family without being absolutely terrifying. Still, adults and older kids will love this ride.
"I was just in the neighborhood," said Spider-Man! ...ALWAYS! It all started with a single spider bite from the science  laboratory with 15, no 14, genetically enhanced super spiders!  One spider on the loose to bite Peter Parker and make a super heroic "Spider-Man!" If you read comics, have seen the movies, or just love rides/comics/Spider-Man, this is nothing short of amazing. The Sinister Syndicate (5 supervillains, lead by Dr. Octopus for those less geeky)  have captured the Statue of Liberty & threatened to destroy the city. Spider-Man must come to the rescue. The reporters all fled in fear and we are set out as tourists by J. Jonah Jameson in the Bugle's new vehicle - The Scoop. Sweet! You put on your 3D night vision goggles, and travel through an adventure of chaos created by the supervillains while our beloved superhero will save us over & over again!  As always our friendly beloved superhero was modestly, "Just in the neighborhood!" We begin our drive and see the Sinister Syndicate with the stolen Statue of Liberty. They spot us, call us intruders, & begin attack!  Electro attacks us w/ a cable and shakes our whole vehicle with his electricity! Hydro-Man will splash us (as we get misted with water via ride), but Spider-Man swings in to save us from drowning attack. HobGoblin throws a "Jack-O-Lantern" (his weapon of gaseous/fire like balls) at us and you can feel the heat wave via ride! We are saved as Spidey slings a web retracting it back the other direction to explode elsewhere. Scream gets right  in our faces frightening in appearance w/ her Mudusa like hair, alien like horrific face, & is clawing at us in the Scoop vehicle. You feel relief when she is pulled back, followed by instant worry again that Spider-Man is not here (busy fighting off the others) & "Doc Ock" pulled her away wanting us all to himself. Yikes! While on the roof tops, near the end of this 3D/4D film & ride attraction, Dr. Octopus shoots anti-gravity at us & our entire Scoop vehicle begins a 400 foot simulated thrilling frightening free fall... Spider-Man saves us just in time (as always just like the theme song posted below) right before we hit the ground and crush our vehicle and selves to pieces. We are saved near our death as we get slung up like a trampoline beneath us saved by Spider-Mans web! After the experience of a lifetime, as if you are traveling live through a comic book, you come to the end where Spider-Man has again saved the day, city, and people! The 5 supervillains of the Sinister Syndicate he has all captured behind him in a web holding and hanging them all together. He pops down from above, on his web like a spider, upside-down (like the movies, melting) and talks to us. All I want is to upside-down kiss my favorite superhero that saved us, but I stick out my arm wearing my 3D night goggles and then realize its not real, it only feels that close!  Virtual reality certainly nears reality here as this attraction brings Spider-Man comics to life! I had to ride this multiple times and it never got old! The single rider line user advantage: This attraction is a 3D/4D ride simulator so you are are in a 12 person vehicle w/ 3 rows of 4 people across. I recommend the single rider line and worse case scenario is you and your other will sit front/back of each other with two parties of 3 people. Sometimes you get lucky and there is all parties of three and just ONE party of two and you can sit side by side as a duo in the single rider line. Utilize this line because you will totally want to ride more than once. Also, you and your person you are with can take turn of who gets the "front row" 4th person seat using the single rider line. Three rows, so you guys will get rows 1 & 2, or 2 & 3 each time. As a party of 2, I highly recommend this line's advantage of HUGE wait time reduction. You can even hold hands over your right shoulder ahead or behind to feel the riding together experience with huge reduction in wait time. "Spider-man, Spider-man, Does whatever a spider can. Spins a web, any size, Catches thieves just like flies. Look Out! Here comes the Spider-Man. Is he strong? Listen bud. He's got radioactive blood. Can he swing from a thread? Take a look overhead. Hey! There There goes the Spider-Man. In the chill of night, At the scene of a crime, Like a streak of light, He arrives just in time. Spider-Man, Spider-Man Friendly neighborhood Spider-Man Wealth and fame...He's ignored. Action is... his reward. To him, life is a great big bang up, Whenever there's a hang up, You'll find the Spider-Man." What a life-like thrilling experience to travel through New York City, meet Spider-Man, be saved from the evil super-villains, and watch him save the Statue of Liberty from these villain thieves, save the neighborhood from being taken over by evil, and saved the innocent tourists/ reporters in the Bugle's Scoop. Go Spidey!  We all love you & thank you for this life saving, thrilling, experience!
I like how you walk through the office of the newspaper that spiderman worked at, while you wait in line and they show clips of the old school spiderman cartoon. Over all pretty good ride, but I wasn't so impressed because its the exact same ride as Transformers: The Ride at Universal Studios Hollywood. All the characters seem to appear in the same spot except its Spiderman characters instead of Transformers. Still a fun ride though!
Hey web slinger - I love this simulated 3-D ride! I have been on this one many times and it's still a thrill. When I was down here at Islands of Adventure my mom had told me it seemed like they added a few scenes and villians than in the past. When we went on it sure seemed so. It's crazy cool. You feel as if you are thrown into a live action comic book. The car you are in moves and glides into each room/scene with hydralic action and terrific 3-D effects. Spider Man and his various enemies jump on the hood of the car and you feel all the movements as if they ar really there. The feeling of being pulled up to the top of building, the battles with Spidey and the villians, and then free falling to be caught by his web are still real feeling. Spiderman is webbing with you throughout NYC. Heat and water effects are also thrown in. All the while you are not really moving around that much, and it's not a fast moving roller coaster ride, but it's pure fun as the 3-D simulated effects are terrific. Lines can get long for this one but they do move fast. A must-do ride for sure when here!
One of the best hybrid rides of the day. This is a motion simulator but also a ride. You move about, but then they used film and other effects to make it seem like you are moving even more. Hot air, water blasts, they do it all and really make it seem like you are part of a Spider Man comic! And it is all in 3D! My dad is a Spider Man Freak. He has been collecting Spidey comic books since he was little. He thinks this ride is one of the best rides of all time. First, they do a great job building a story and bringing the audience into it. Pay attention to the videos when you are in line. Do not get to distracted by the occasional villain that prowls through the line to scare unsuspecting visitors!!! However, I do love it when they really scare the be-jesus out of someone!!! This is a great ride and probably one of the top 4 at Islands at Adventure (the others being Jurassic Park, Harry Potter, and the Hulk). Depending on what kind of a nerd/freak/junkie you are, this might be your favorite!!! You cannot miss this ride when visiting Islands of Adventure.
This ride is pretty freaking fun. Watch the screens that show the wait time throughout Universal Studios because that time fluctuates a lot depending on time of day. Bf and I did not want to wait more than 45 minutes for this ride, so one day we did this ride last. It did take about 40 minutes to wait. The inside is pretty cool as far as waiting in line is concerned. You get a nice overview of The Bugle. Two days later, we wanted to ride it again but didn't want to wait as long. "Single rider" is totally the way to go for this. While we were not in the same car (he was put in the one behind me), the wait time was about 5 minutes. Totally worth it!
My wife, son and I loved this ride. It felt so realistic. High speed and intense. Even waiting in line through the Daily Bugle was fun. I thought it was funny that the news desks had computers and flat screen monitors but still had old fashioned rotary phones like they had when I was a kid. Great ride for everyone.
Yelp 31 Day Challenge Review: 24/31 While at IOA, Spider-Man was one of the longest waits.  We ended up going to ride it after dining at Mythos.  We were fortunate that the wait was less than 20 minutes.   I liked the blending of 3D with the movement of the vehicle.  The ride was pretty exciting and I was constantly guessing about what would come next.  I thought it was neat how they incorporated the various enemies and used all of their specialties to make the ride exciting. This was one of the few rides I felt that I would have been willing to wait long for.  IMO, it was obviously one of the better rides at the park.
This ride was fantastic!  It is another simulation ride.  This one is well done.  I was not nearly as motion sick as I was with the simpson's ride.  this one had a feeling of being outdoors and soaring above buildings.  I didn't get that claustophobic feeling. The effects were great and the simulation was fast and exciting.  I highly reccommend this one.
If you have never gotten on a Moving sim ride that combines state of the art HD 3D graphics with tons of Fire and spine tingling motion then you need to race down to Islands of Adventure and check this ride out. It's heart pounding and intense so if your getting on with smaller children beware because it could scare them. Here is a tip. Best time of the season to visit the park is during early Spring, Fall, and Winter time. Summer = long as hell lines unless you buy an express pass. Universal Studios has always been my go to Theme park because they have it all, so with that said if your not into the kiddie aspect of the Disney Parks "I'm a fan of them as well lol" then come visit this theme park. Even before you get into the theme park you could spend part of the day in City Walk, so plan your day correctly!
Great ride for all ages even my parents liked it.  I didn't see any warning that I "wil" get wet, but it was part of the ride, so I didn't mind. Thumbs up!
I haven't yet rode the rides in the Wizarding World so I have to say outside of that, this is hands down the best ride at Islands of Adventure. I went in September of 2009 and was able to ride this over and over and over with zero line. It was pretty amazing. I had read reviews not knowing what to expect and I was wowed! This ride has 3-D, special effects (fire, water, wind), ride simulation (it feels like you're falling from HIGH in the sky...it truly does), a good storyline and honestly I'm a scaredy-cat but this scared the heck out of me! lol Absolutely love it...I can't wait to ride it again~! :)
I haven't been this ride in almost 10 years and I truly forgot how intense it was. The line wasn't long and it was good to get out of the sun. The ride definitely isn't for those who get motion sick and there were plenty of signs warning it.  The awesome ride shakes and rolls and spins around.   The end of the ride is the best part and well worth any wait in line!
This ride totally rocks!! The hydraulics are amazing, the 3D is awesome! You seriously feel like you are in there with Spidy himself. The simulation makes you feel as though you are soaring down through the streets of New York trying to escape harm from all villains Spiderman! Love it one of the more advanced rides in the park. You gotta try it!
What a crazy ride!  It felt like I was actually in the Spiderman comics.  I loved being in a police car and riding around the city helping out Spiderman.  Not going to lie that this ride made me  lil dizzy and the wait was really long but I can see why.  The effects being half 3D and half set was cool.
Everything is done perfectly in this attraction.  The new HD version looks awesome and adds more realism than before.  It's amazing how the ride transitions from scene to scene.  Just awesome.  Safe and Fun for everyone!   The action is so convincing, it might scare a younger park goer, however ;)
Awesome! Real and exciting!
Even before the opening of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, Univeral's Islands of Adventure was considered by many to be the most technologically advanced theme park in the world.  The best display of this original claim can be found at the Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man.  It was the first attraction of its kind, combining a true 3D film experience, simulated motion, real-life effects and pyrotechnics, all while moving down a track in a then state-of-the-art ride vehicle.   Now more than a decade old, it is still a very satisfying experience, and one that virtually anyone can enjoy (unlike the attraction that finally upstaged it, Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey, which is pretty scary if you don't like spiders or turning almost upside down).  Pay attention to the queue as well; I think it is very well done. Insider tip: Look for the writing on the man hole cover (pardon the expression) at the end of the ride.  As a trivia question, it makes for a great ice breaker at your next theme park party.
Even after all the Harry Potter hype, this ride is still amazing. I only wish they did Harry potter 3D - how cool would that be?!?!? This ride is amaaazzing, what a thrill!!!
This is a real classic. Given how old the ride is, its still a must. It makes you feel like you jumped into a comic book. It also features the best of Spider mans Villains. I recommend the single rider line. You will get on the ride very quickly. If there are just two of you, odds are you will ride together anyway
My favorite ride at IOA! I'm not sure if there's such things as ride spoilers, but if there are, this is probably it. Be warned! You start off in one of the waiting rooms watching Spiderman cartoons, the next waiting room is modeled after an 80's or 90's newsroom with reporter desks and gadgets everywhere. The room after that has another cartoon that prepares you for the ride. The line goes by pretty quick. You get 3d glasses and off you go. You accompany Spiderman on his adventure to defeats all the bad guys. The first one is the electricity villain and he jolts the vehicle, then there's one that has fire, another that has some water, and then you're in a battle. You get bounced between building and fly around with Spidey. Super fun! Unlike HP, this ride had a plot and the dizzy-ness factor is small. Yay!
This ride is a crazy amount of fun. The first time I rode it, years ago, I thought it was like no other ride. I'm happy to say that it hasn't lost its charm over the years - it's still as fun as it ever was! It's not a high speed roller coaster, and it's not super scary or anything, but it does cleverly use a moving car and 3D tech to make you feel like you're following Spiderman around NYC, getting caught in the action. At times it seems like your little car is flying all over the place, off buildings, and all around town, but if you look straight up, you realize that you're not even moving that much at all. It's very well done, and makes for an exciting ride!
Loved this ride!  Seemed even better than when I rode it years ago with my kids. Hint:  if lines are long, use the single rider line. The wait time is significantly less.  And you're so engrossed in the ride, it doesn't matter who you're sitting by!
I do believe I said the phrase, "You betta shut up!" at least five times on this ride...because I SOOOOO did not see this level of awesome coming!!  And, my Yelp friends, don't forget....this is a 5D ride: 3D for the sight component, 1 mo' D for touch..and yet another D for smell!!!  I can't give a full 5-stars because we had some snotty staffers getting us on the ride.  But I didn't care afterward!
For a ride that simulates being in a car and tagging along with Spider man and friends, it was awesome!!  I wish we had this ride in California.  There were three of us gf's that took full advantage of only using the "Single Rider" options when it was available.  We did this for the entire park, and as a result we were able to walk straight through to the front and ride some rides numerous times.
Fun ride! Similar to Disney's Haunted Mansion where you sit in a moving cart, this one adds 3D and the cart makes some great twists and turns! What a fun ride!!!
Based on the cartoon series and not the comic book or movies.  The whole thing had a lot of thought put into it but didn't have the greatest execution.  I felt that way about the queue and the ride itself.  I would have been more impressed with this until I experienced Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey.  Then this one just seemed mediocre.
This is such a fun ride! I wasn't sure if I would like it as much this time around since it is an older ride but it's still super fun! The graphics aren't bad!
This ride was totally fun and was as fun as Harry Potter's Forbidden Journey and Dragon Challenge and Revenge of the Mummy! The visuals were like Revenge of the Mummy's and made an indoor ride seem truly exhilarating! Highly recommended as even my coaster fear-prone mother liked it! We went on 12/12/11 and got right in! Awesome!
One of the best rides in the park.  This one is a MUST.
Best ride ever. you wear 3D glasses and when there is fire you actually feel the heat. really awesome. the line is always long though.
One of the coolest rides I have been on
One of the best rides (actually, possibly the best ride) in IOA. Harry Potter was good, but man... I have to give props to this ride. I normally love roller coasters over motion pictures, but this one is so intense it's definitely worth the wait!
I got very little, minor, poquito dizzyness, i think because I sat in the front. But worth doing it again and again. Kids loved it!!!! The second time, I sat in the back and didn't get dizzy.  it was GREAT!!
I get weak stomachs whenever I go on simulation rides. Perhaps it's the fear of vomiting or what not but I decided to go on this anyway to test my fear.  I have to say, along with the Harry Potter Forbidden Journey ride, this ride was one of the best rides I've been on. Despite feeling a bit dizzy and nauseas during some parts of the ride, I had a lot of fun of being pounced, spit and fired at. I think it helps that you have to imagine you're being in character with Spiderman to help relieve the fear of being tossed and turned around violently. At least it worked for me during the Harry Potter ride. Overall, I was glad the line was only a 15 minute wait. You can definitely opt out on the other rides but this one is a must see.
This was my favorite ride in the park. Waiting in line at this park is amazing, each area carefully crafted to match the theme of the ride. The 3D ride is as real as it gets. I have never been so impressed. Check it out!
This was only one of 3-4 rides we got to go on while waiting in the HUGE lines at the theme park. I would have rated it 5 stars but after having gone on the new Harry Potter ride, nothing could compare to that, although this came in at a very close second. The ride uses a lot of 3-D effects and hologram images. It feels like the characters are actually right there next to you. I have to warn that it does make you a little dizzy in the end as with the Harry Potter one but still well worth going, just go early in the morning!
Really cool and unique ride.  I've love riding SpiderMan every visit, but it's so awesomely good and realistic in making you feel like your falling and twisting along the ride that I'm only good to ride it once a day and no more.  If you get motion sick like me, this ride might not be so good for you, but like me...take two Dramamine pills and ROCK ON!  At least once.....for the kids.
We must have done this ride 3-4 times during our day at Island of Adventures at the Marvel Superhero land. This is one of the newest animatics named after the recent spiderman movie, the ride really takes 4D experience to a new level, the animation seamlessly connects with the real experience. You get to feel the heat from fire guns, the water droplets from the beasts, and much more as you follow spiderman in his adventure against the villains.
This 3D motion simulator is awesome! The special effects and everything made me feel like I was actually part of the cartoon. You will get a little dizzy, but it's worth it. The wait is really long, I think I waited for about an hour! Overall, I recommend coming here when you're at Islands of Adventure! It was a lot of fun!
This was a whole new experience from the usual theme park rides. The 3D really works in this ride unlike how it is in theatres. Still...it's not a ride I would go on more than twice because it does give me a twinge of the nauseous feeling.
Spidey fan, and I found it just okay. I would not wait in long lines.
