We had a GREAT time tonight at Pirate Cove. We came with our two and five year old and we all had a blast. It is a little hard with the kiddos but i highly recommend it for families of any age. We paid $38 including tax for all of us (2 yr olds do not pay).   It was extremely clean. Another thing we loved was the creativity behind the decor and all the holes were different and adventurous. At the end they gave the kids a goodie bag :) I was extremely impressed.  We would definitely be coming here again!!!
Wow! What a place. I'm not very good at golf/putt putt, but I sure do love to play. This is the best mini golf place I have ever been to. It was clean, which is one of the most important things to me. The course was awesome. I lost my ball in the water once, but that's because I'm not a good player ;) The course is not too hard, but not super easy either. We took the "regular" path and we were all glad we did. There were 5 of us including my 4yo son. He had a blast and enjoyed looking at all the pirate stuff. After we finished on the course, turned in our clubs, and balls the gentleman at the counter called me back over. He handed me a bag of goodies for my son. I was surprised! Not only did he get to play for free, he got some goodies. He loved them too. I wouldn't definitely say I would love to go back. I wish they had a course like this in Louisville.
This place is hopping, matey! It is lined up right on i-drive where it has easy access for tourists and locals alike to the spanking new restaurants and shops, including to the new construction of the "eye". I find this place to be super clean and well kept. There are two courses: one beginners (did not do this one) and one for advance (18 Hole). I don't think I'm advance at all but I find that it was kind of lacking challenges that I desired. I really can't imagine how 'easy' the easy course is. The price of this per adult was around $12-13. HOWEVER -- sometimes just a couple minutes to check out those local deals pages and you could get really lucky find at 2 ppl for $14 or something. It doesn't hurt to check! I highly suggest to not do the course if you have more than 6 people as a courtesy to others because you're just holding up the line! For two people, the more advance courses was completed in about 1 hours and 15 minutes with medium wait between holes.
This place is pretty fun, cool obstacles, clean place and fairly priced for the area.
Every time I come to FL, I have to stop by here.  It's best to go at night cos 1. it's not as hot and 2. it looks better lit up than during the day.  Landscaping here is one of the best I've seen for a mini gold place.  It's fun coming here with friends or with family.  Always a great time.
Pirate's Cove mini glof is a must if you come to the theme parks and need a break. I like going at night when it's lit up. They did some updates this year. It is always a great experience and a great feeling knowing it's always here for you when you come back again. It's fun for the whole family.
Absolutely the VERY BEST miniature golf course I have ever played at.  This place is well kept, extremely clean, and friendly!  The employees were helpful and courteous!  Stop by and check it out if you are in the area.
Best miniature golf we have ever played. The holes were well designed and the landscaping made it very nice for pictures. We loved all the pirate facts too!
Having spent the weekend at all the parks and wanted to do something a little less tiring on our last day in Orlando, we decided to do mini-golf!! This place has a great theme and keeps it throughout the whole park. Right at the entrance is a pirate ship you can walk in and take nice pictures. They have 2 courses, one more difficult than the other. It being Henrique's first time ever playing putt putt (I know!! I couldn't believe it either!!!) we chose the easier side first. It was very scenic with little rivers, a waterfall, and nice landscaping. At each hole there is a little fun fact about pirates which I liked because I like random trivia facts. The easy course is definitely easy, but I still managed to be above par by the end LOL. It was fun and we decided we weren't done being golf pros so we wanted to do the other course. You pay a few dollars less for your second game which was a nice surprise. The more difficult one still isn't super hard, but one of the holes is on another pirate ship which is another good photo op. All in all it was a fun stress free afternoon playing putt putt.
Vacationing in Orlando and got stuck with with some unfortunate weather. We were looking for something fun to do since it was too chilly for the pool, but nice enough to do something outdoors. Kids under 4 play free with adult admission. Great family fun!
Miniature golf operated at a very high standard. This was a real treat. The theme and appearance was an appropriate compliment to the nearby Disney Theme Park. The man behind the counter was courteous and professional. Really a well-run and well cared-for place that is fun for people of all ages, definitely worth your while.
When in Orlando, you will see many mini golf place that look fun.  Pirate's Cove Adventure Golf blows all of them out of the water.  I had more fun here playing mini golf than anywhere else. Perfect place to kill time.
We decided to do something different; so, we tried our luck at mini golfing. The course was clean & nicely decorated. Overall, we had a great time & it's especially fun for the little ones!
Easily found off the highway in an Oasis lies the Piate's Cove Adventure mini Golf. I had a great time taking pics around the course, it's full off beautiful Florida vegetation, and Pirates. Family friendly, so there were little ones running around.  They loved the cave. I won with a couple holes in one so that was my highlight. I thought playing on the Mountain was unique and a fun experience. I'de play here again I had fun
My hubby and I went here to play some mini golf because it was within walking distance of our hotel when we were in town. Price is fair and it's the card thing they do is fun.
Well what can I say.. it is a miniature golf with a Pirate's theme.  Here is a music video with an aerial view from the sky, so you can see how it looks. youtube.com/watch?v=XHaP…
Sweet cornified golfing with a hint of pirate-ness YESSSSSSSSSSS! This place is literally an adventure...u first start off at the bottom to purchase your golf putts and there are mini baby gators everywhere below the waters. You have the option to feed them if u like or u can proceed to start the course with about 10$ and some change (sorry gators!) This place is outside so its nice to go on a perfect weathery day..since the course wraps around a mountain shaped top you can see the overrated I-drive with all the tourist (hello there.) During the course u will have to pay very close attention to the ball because once it rolls away it can either roll down a hill, into a waterfall, out a bridge, or on someone's face YIKES! Now now don't be so alarmed this journey can be quite amusing because you are also helping the pirates on their adventure so its not just mini golf on it's own! Enjoy it and give it a try if you want to be a pirate helping... mini golfing..person feeding one gator at a time..who can see the top of tourist heads walking amongst I-drive...IY IY!
I hadn't played putt-putt in years and after driving by this place several times I just had to stop in and give it a go. I'm glad I did. My wife and I arrived around 3:30 in the afternoon and the place was pretty dead. I wasn't sure if it was just timing or if the place was unpopular but by the time we reached the fourth hole we had several groups behind us and by the end of the game things had really picked up and it was getting busy. There are two courses with one supposedly quite a bit easier than the other. I only played that one and while I'm terrible at putt-putt, I managed to do fairly well. I noticed along the very scenic course (nicest looking min-golf I've see) that there was ample seating and lots of shade. Both are quite nice on a very warm Florida afternoon. The course goes pretty quick with just two people playing and I wished at the end that I had opted to do both courses for just a couple bucks more. Only downside is that I-Drive gets very congested and it may take you a bit to get to and from Pirate's Cove but check it out if you're in the mood for scenic mini-golf. ARRRGH Matey!
Should you risk driving your ball through rocks as a short cut or go the long, safe way around? Pirates Cove has very creative courses and pathways (up a hill, through caves, along waterfalls) but tries to cram too much into a small area. You could fit most courses into janitor's PH.D program. However, my little body found the tiny paths and stairways bordering jungle-gym fun. Expect bottle necking to occur most evenings due to an excellent location along tourist-infested I-Drive and is walking distance to other tourist-catered shops. It gets busier due to the staff's seemingly uncaring attitude to how many people were being let through at a time. (I danced a conga line many times with three couples while waiting for the family before us) Note: leftover trash littered several areas. Like any mini-golf, prepare to be bombarded by young families and couples.
Mini golfers get ready to putt!  There are two courses:  beginners and experienced.  This location in Orlando, FL on the renowned I-Drive has a water fall attraction surrounded by a mountain landscape.  It's themed to pirates.  The scenery is beautiful.  I-Drive hails a lot of restaurants, shops and amusement parks. Ahoy matey!
For my first time playing mini golf, Pirate's Cove did not disappoint. I had a great time here and ready to come back for some more. We got here around 9:30pm and I believe they close at 11pm so we couldn't do the 36 holes. For a beginner like myself, the 18 holes was pretty good to start with. The 18 holes is ~$10.95/adult and the 36 holes is ~$16.95/adult if I remember correctly. The course was pretty awesome with the pirate-sy theme. A few of the holes had a bit of a challenge which made it even more fun. Located conveniently by many restaurants, you can take advantage of the course after dinner. I would definitely recommend this one if you're in the area.
It's a relatively nicely kept minigolf course, and flows pretty well even with a lot of people.  But my God, I've never seen minigolf cost $25 per couple!  And service was expectedly lacking, too.  Wouldn't come back, but it was nice while it lasted.
We had been to the Pirate's Cove by Disney and had a pretty terrible time (largely due to the people we were with), so we were a little worried about playing here. For the most part, our fears were unfounded. I believe there are basically four options you can play here: easy or hard and 18 or 36 holes for each level. We're not hardcore mini-golfers; we just wanted a fun way to spend the afternoon, so 18 easy holes it was for us. The grounds are pretty well kept. You may need/want to brush aside some of the leaves and nuts that sometimes fall onto the courses. There is nothing to the actual courses that are pirate themed, it's just the decorations along the sides of the courses. The courses take you up and down the sides of hills and through some caves. There are water hazards - some without nets. You may want to keep a person standing nearby to grab the ball before it floats off if you accidentally hit into the water. There isn't much shade or cover, so make sure the weather is good before heading here. All in all, a fun afternoon excursion, but nothing I would rush back to.
Well, it is Florida so expect to melt while playing unless it is one of the two months that Florida cools down.  It is your typical miniature golf gig made a little better by the many pirates lurking here and there.  Seriously, you'll be focused on your game and then out of nowhere, BAM!  A large plastic pirate is staring at you from a hammock.
Aye Matey! Watch yer putt or ye'll be walkin' the plank! This is two fun courses. Watch the water hazards! or your ball will be floatin' away before you know it. Only bummer is, we had so much fun playin' late that we ended up at a tacky lobster place for a late dinner. Yuck.
I love miniature golf so of course I totally dig Pirate's Cove Adventure! Located right on Orlando's prime tourist strip, International Drive, this place is so cool with it's pirate themed landscape!   They even offer a military discount, which automatically makes it cool in my book!  Overall it's just a cool place to put your putt putt skills to the test!
Florida has it's share of mini golf courses.  Here in Orlando there are over a dozen courses to choose from.  We gave the Pirates Cove on International Drive a try.  There are two courses to choose from, Captain's Course or Blackbeard's Challenge. We went with the easier and more scenic Captain's Course.  We found it fun and we enjoyed some of the clever holes scattered about. It was a lush course with beautiful foliage surrounding the greens. We were happy to find plenty of shade while playing during a hot afternoon.  There are benches located throughout as well.  It was not crowded the weekend afternoon we played.  I am sure the heat keeps the day time crowds away. The service was friendly and the prices were decent considering it's located on I-Drive.  We found $1 off coupons in a tourist magazine. They also offer soft drinks and ice cream treats available for purchase at a reasonable price. This was a fun way to spend the afternoon.  This was a top mini golf experience and we look forward to coming back.
Mini golf, putt putting, whatever you call it, it's fun, easy, and inexpensive. There are a lot of golf courses in the US, but I gotta say, Pirate's Cove is one of the best I've ever been at. (And as a teenager, mini golf is something we do A LOT.) Pirate's Cove is a little more expensive than most mini golf places, but it's totally worth it. The holes are challenging, but more in a fun way than frustrating. Plus, if you get a hole-in-one on the last hole, you get a free round of mini golf! (Which worked well for me because I didn't pay my fee for the other course yet:) ) There's nothing like playing a good ol' game of mini golf, and I'd much rather do it here than any place in the 'Nati, especi anytime soon.ally because I don't expect to get the golf cart and start hitting balls down at the country club with the old money anytime soon.
It was a mess, lots of construction - they are renovating so it will get better I'm sure.  But wait a bit... Long lines since half the holes were closed, and slow going...
If you're in the mood for some good old-fashion fun, this putt-putt course is a place to check out.  Despite being located on International Drive--a very busy section of Orlando due to the theme parks and tourist destinations, Pirate's Cove was well designed and very fun to play. They have 2 courses--one for beginners, and one for experienced mini-golfers.  Built around one main water feature, the courses take you up, down, and inside a mountain. Kids under 12 get special pricing and adults pay only $9.95 for 18 holes.  And if you really want to hit the ball around, 36 holes cost only $12.95 per adult.
Pirate's Cove is the "other" major golf course attraction other than Congo River, and it is a little bit less expensive of the two, but in my opinion it is much more scenic, and it seems a little bigger as well. The Good: Beautiful scenery: Whoever did the landscaping here deserves a medal or two, because this place is beautiful. Beautiful trees, several waterfalls, and of course pirate landscapes make this place look lush and beautiful. Shady design: Unlike Congo River, which has little to no shade, Pairate's cove has many faux-pavilions and large trees that provide plenty of protection from the sun. Price is awesome: At $10 for adults and $9 for kids, it edges out Congo river by a few bucks, and is just as fun. The Bad: N/A 10/10= Perfect Pirate Golf!
A nice place to go while staying on "I-Drive" and in the Orlando Area.  It is really hard to goof up a mini-golf venue.  So this met the "par" on courses.  Nothing out of the ordinary, but just a peaceful and relaxing place to play.   The grounds are well kept, and the staff is okay, nothing special.  There are a bunch of mini golf places on "I-Drive" but a lot of them close early, and this one closes at 11:30pm so it's nice.
Had a blast with my girlfriend here she was kicking my butt the first 9 holes thanks to two hole in 1's. The course is clean and staff is friendly. Located right off International Drive so it does get busy. There are 2 courses to choose from tried them both and they are fun. I will definitely come by here again. Thanks and have fun. Oh and I ended up winning but my girlfriend did add another hole in 1 on 18 wtf.
AH PIRATES COVE I LOVE THIS PLACE!  I came here with an old family friend when he was in town and I was thinking it was going to be hokey and boring for some grown up kids but on the contrary, it was a ton of fun!  It has a legit cave, the holes are not that easy to make (minus the old man behind us who was making every hole, showoff).  It was fun because it is a legitimate man-made hill that you walk up and down the stairs and there is always something to look at and sight see and perfect for every age in the family.  It was definitely work the $13 bucks to play for thirty minutes! I am sure it could take longer with more people or not having a pro right behind you. GO HERE!
The whole family had tons of fun. Both courses where fun. Plenty of spots to take cool pictures. The staff was helpful and friendly. It's best to take advantage of the 2 course deal. 36 holes for a discounted price. It seems like 36 holes is a lot but trust me, time flies when you're having fun. The only thing I didn't like is they have a small bug problem. One hole had an ant army in it which seemed funny until I had to reach in it to get my golf ball. Also there were areas where gnats where swarming around. I think this was due to some standing water. Other than that it was tons of fun. Highly recommended it.
LOVED THIS PLACE! As a group of 4 big kid adults trying to spend some time outdoors before heading to the airport back home, this was definitely a hilariously fun, entertaining and challenging course. The pirate theme was great - the course had dynamic, challenging holes and it was very clean. The place was packed but we didn't have any trouble moving along and didn't bump into another group the whole time we played the 18 holes. We played teh Black Beard's Challenge course and even our 2 experienced "real" golfers had a blast. it was a great way to spend an hour and the staff were very helpful and it was a 30 min walk down I-drive from the Convention Center and a quick 10 min drive back. HIGHLY recommend this place - a lot of fun for kids & adults!
Totally awesome! A must do in the Orlando area. At first I thought I wouldn't be into the whole mini golf thing but my bf wanted to do it so I said why not. Boy did we have a blast, good clean fun style! Bob Marley was playing thoughout the park making the vibe very irie for playing golf. All we were missing were some daiquiries. Great time! I recommend in the cooler months for sure. I even won a free game for making a hole in one!
This is my favorite Putt Putt place. The staff is usually friendly and the atmosphere is super fun. I would give it 5 stars I'm just not a fan of the price jump in the last couple years. Putt Putt shouldn't be as expensive or more expensive than a movie ticket.
This place is just like any other tourist trap mini golf with the standard pirate theme and pseudo-looking bright blue waterfalls and caves. The price is decent though so it's great for tourists but the replay value in my opinion is very low. If you want interesting and fun golf for a few bucks more I highly recommend Disney
If you are in the area and have a chance to go to Pirate's Cove - GO!   Beautiful surroundings and scenery, not overly crowded, and there are perks, too - like free games for holes in one, and a free game for the winner.   Friendly staff and fun courses make this a perfect place to spend an afternoon.
One of the best mini golf courses I've ever played... not that I've played many. Watch out for the water, we had a few balls bounce out of the challenge course and try to make a break for it!
Had a fun time! Took my nephew here and we played the 18 hole game. The game was funny and quirky - we got a bit creeped out in the cave because neither of us wanted the ball to fall into the water. LOL - got a coupon and it only cost $12 for us both.
Hubs dresses up as Captain Jack Sparrow every Halloween so he just had to go to Pirates Cove Adventure Golf during our trip to Florida this year. The pirate theme was cute and we had a lot of fun. However, be sure to choose the advanced course because their beginner course is just too easy and you'll complete it in a flash.
Stay away!!  What a ripoff!  Beautiful scenery, crappy customer service and if you drop a ball in the water on one of the SEVERAL courses you are SOL!  Save your money.
I am not a fan of mini golf, but the rest of the party wanted to do it.  They have two courses one, one for kids, the other for adults.  It was a good time. At the end they gave my kids prize bags.
One of the nicer mini golf courses you will encounter.  Really well laid out, with elevation changes, jumps, etc.  No annoying gimmicks like moving windmils or clown mouths. One thing to look out for if you have kids -- there are a couple of holes where you have to hit the ball off a platform and over a small stream of water.  If you don't make it over the water and onto the next platform, the ball will be carried away by the stream.
Went here late at night. Good mini golf course. It was fun but it's missing something to make it stand out. Service was good, but not great.
Pirates Cove has two courses, easy and difficult. Free game if you get a whole in one on the 18th hole. Very creative courses and well maintained landscaping.
This place has been around forever, and it's always stayed the same. I know some people think they should update to keep with the times but I like it the way it is. Theres two courses one for begginers and one for experts. There both fun courses and they also offer group rates for parties and there tickets are fair. It's just a great thing to do and it's a lot of fun. They even offer a free game if you can get a hole in one on one of there courses. Its basically a lot of fun for the whole family.
I went with my family and played the Blackbeard's challenge course. The course was well maintained and all the holes are different. I probably won't come here on a regular basis as I didn't really get a wow factor over other mini golf places.
I give this place 5 stars because the smile on everyone's face never went down. It's fun for everyone. There are some tricky parts to this place but overall good clean fun. At the end of the last hole you get a cute pirate flag. The bathrooms are very clean here. I recommend you go here around 9pm on a Tuesday it really isn't crowded and nice to get away from the sun. All of the pirate props are cute. Do not use a green golf ball at night because its so hard to focus on getting the ball in the hole. Some of the courses had hills, bumps and ramps. There was one in particular that made you go over a river to get to the other side. Take extra balls with you because you may lose a ball or two. They have a little eating place I am not sure if its pricey or not but it seems like something to check out. The prices for the mini-golf were good. If you have a night where you can't figure out what to do I recommend this place highly.
I come here every time I visit Orlando on vacation. There are two courses based on difficulty and I end up doing both. Most of the holes are based on a strategy on how to hit the ball. I like the fact that this place has a pirate theme.
WooHoo! Who doesn't love a good game of mini golf. When all those non athletes such as myself have a chance to shine. You would think Orlando being the tourist mecca of the States would have some pretty sweet courses and you would be right. Pirate's Cove is a chain of mini golf courses here in Orlando with several dotted around the area. This particular course is breathtaking to look at. Its set on a huge hill so getting around the course is an adventure in itself. Upon entering you will be greeted by baby alligators. Have you ever seen a baby alligator up close? They are adorable, and you can buy a handful of food and watch them gobble it up. Once on the course you will find the usual array of obstacles. But one cool thing about Pirate's Cove is they give you a treasure map so while you are waiting for the group in front of you to finish you have a list of items hidden among the holes you can be looking for. Find them all and you'' win a free game. This helps alleviate the boredom of long waits between holes. If you want to try your hand at what could be called a sport and feel like you are on vacation while doing it, come on out to Pirate's Cove.
there is a lot of mini golf around orlando, and a lot of pirates cove adventure golf also. the courses act as a franchise that shares vouchers/coupons so if you get a free game from getting a hole in one on certain holes. this is a nice mini golf course with two different courses. a good fine but i think the congo ones might be a little better
