if ever you're in Orlando for obvious reasons, do not skip this beautifully made water oasis. This is thee #1 attraction in Orlando and rightfully so! My family and I were amazed at the amenities of this place and the customer service was first class. I suggest you go during off peak seasons so the price doesn't discourage you one bit because it can get really pricey.  I went on labor day weekend and it was about $140/person but Ive seen rates as high as $200 in the summertime so timing is everything.   My personal fave was the Grand Reef where my fam and I had a wonderful time snorkling. Saw lots of sea critters and also had a chance to touch sting rays of different sizes. Definitely dope especially if you have kids because just seeing them experience things here they wouldnt otherwise experience else where makes all the difference in the world for me. This was a great way to end our fabulous trip to Orlando.
A great expierence for every family member ages 2 to 35.  A little more care could go into the dinning options, but the snack bar selections more than made up for it.
This was an Awesome experiance- not only for my husband and myself but the kids loved it! I wish more parks did this- well worth the money. The new reff opened and my eight year old could not get enough.
Great each and every time. Trainer for a day is an amazing adventure. Don't like dolphins......don't go. They limit the amount of guests, so it's not that crowded. Food and snacks and beverages are included. If you want to get wasted and lay on the beach...stay in Jersey. A great place, with great people.
It's a must go!
This place is expensive and the prices vary so try to keep calling at least a few months in advance before your trip.  If you're staying a few days, you might want to get their ultimate package (around $400) that includes Aquatica, Busch Gardens, Sea World for free and also get the parking package ($38) for unlimited parking.  We stayed for a week and went to all parks and swam with dolphins at the cove so I think we got our money's worth.   Discovery Cove is nothing like any other Orlando park...it's very laid back and pretty scenery and not crowded since they limit the number of guests per day.  It's very relaxing and fun in a much different way than a theme park.  All food, drinks and alcohol is free inside the park.  The food is ok and since we don't drink alcohol, I can't tell you if they had any premium stuff.  The dolphin experience is very good (compared to the one we did in Mexico), you get to feed, kiss and ride with the dolphin.  Also at the park, you can snorkel with fish and stingrays, or snorkel in their man-made river.  It was just a good relaxing time so we would definitely encourage others to try it at least once.
The only reason this park is worth your money is because admission to SeaWorld (or Busch Gardens) is free. Otherwise, I thought this place was very small with a limited amount of things to do. There's the river and then the reef. We did enjoy the aviary though.
Excellent customer service. Disney and Universal should pay heed.  Had an issue and the solution was over and beyond my expectation.  Very nice staff and cafeteria that accommodated our dietary needs. This is must experience for everyone.
Nest resort in Orlando, I love the all inclusive, didn't have to pay for anything. Free: parking, lockers, snorkeling gear, sack to hold your stuff, locker, breakfast, lunch, towels, wet suit, 6x8 photo. Loved everything only down was wish there was more photographers around the park. If you plan on getting a picture package make sure you being lots of money 100+ dollars for photos well worth it if you get great photos. Would love to come back to this park If I visit Orlando again. Come here vs. Other theme parks you pay for everything!!
Wow.  This place is just... wow. If you are ever in Orlando for a day, and you have the money, DO THIS.  You will not regret it.  From the moment you step in until the moment you leave, you are treated as a VIP.  They only let 1000 people in a day (May is a good time to go because the water is warm enough, and the park is definitely not filled to capacity), there are NO lines (except for your dolphin swim, everything is at your leisure), and nearly everything is included... food, snacks, wetsuit, snorkeling gear, lockers, towels, parking, even sunblock.  The only things that cost extra are mixed drinks, souvenirs, and of course, photos.  You get a photo badge to wear throughout the park that doubles as your credit card, so you can lock up your wallet and not worry.  Plus, you get a nifty souvenir for later on :)  They even let you keep your snorkel. Tropical River (5 stars): This man-made river starts off at a real sand beach and a man-made cave complete with waterfalls and takes you all throughout the park (including through the aviary).  You can snorkel if you want, but if you prefer to relax and float, they have "noodles" for you to rest on, as well.  The river goes from shallow to pretty deep, but there are life jackets for those who aren't so strong of swimmers.  I'd never snorkeled before, but I found it to be quite easy once you get used to it.  There are sorts of things for you to see... sunken pottery, cannon, and fossils (all man-made, of course). Sting rays (5 stars):  This is SOOO cool.  These animals are quite incredible.  I was expecting to be freaked out, but it was a lot of fun.  Make sure you come during feeding time for the best interaction.  These guys will rub up against you and practically beg for food!  They're smooth and kind of rubbery, and won't hurt you at all. Coral Reef (5 stars):  This, to me, was the most amazing part of the park.  A deep man-made reef with a sunken ship in the middle, it is chocked full of fish and the biggest rays I've ever seen.  The best part is that the rays WILL swim under you, and even come up by you!!!  These rays are nearly as big as I am, and got so close that I was able to touch the large ones several times (which is a memory that I will cherish forever).  Within the sunken ship, behind glass, there are several VERY large barracuda... however, I did not see any shark, behind the glass or free swimming with us, which is a shame; I love shark!  The water is a bit colder here than in the rest of the park, but well worth it... we spent most of our time here. Aviary (5 stars):  Very cool.  I'm normally a bit skittish when it comes to birds, but after a few moments I felt right at home.  You can access the aviary directly from the river, which gives it more of that tropical destination feel.  They give you cups of diced fruit and veggies to feed the birds, and some of them will land on your arm, shoulder, and even head!  In one section of the aviary, one man was just sitting there minding his business and a bird decided his hair looked tasty, so it flew down and landed on his head and wouldn't budge.  :)  Another section had smaller birds that were more trained to land on your arm, and that part was tons of fun. Dolphin swim (4 stars):  This is one of those things you have to do once, but after that I don't think it's really worth it.  It adds $100 to your price tag and it's really short.  They give you a 10 minute presentation and then take you out into really cold water.  You get a picture with the dolphin as a group (just your family, that is), and then you get to touch the dolphin as he or she swims by a few times.  You get to kiss the dolphin (I'll admit, it makes one hell of a photo!), and then they take you out into deeper water, and you get to ride about 20 feet by holding on to the dolphin's fins, and the ride lasts about 5 seconds.  But that's it.  Total interaction is about 20-30 minutes and it's mostly just standing in the water.  The photos are incredible, but incredibly expensive.  To get your pictures on a CD (which equals about 10-15 photos for 2 people) is $120, but that's not per person - it's per family.  For a once-in-a-lifetime thing, it's worth it to me to have the photos, but it is kind of a rip off.  The good thing is that if you get the photo CD, any other pictures of you taken in the park are added on, so not only did we get photos of us with the dolphins, but we got professional photos of us feeding the birds and sting rays, too.  You do kind of have to seek out the photographers, though. Bottom line:  I would come back in a heartbeat, even though I live 16 hours away (although I probably would save myself the $100 and skip the dolphin interaction now that I've already done it).  Amazing animal interactions, unforgettable memories, VIP treatment... the ultimate in relaxation and adventure.   But leave the wee ones at home... it's not very fun for the rest of us to watch your sugared-up kids chasing and scaring the animals away.
Just came back from vaca. Visited this little exclusive gem. Upon walking in, we were greeted into a new sort of fantasy island. We took pictures for little ID badges (even the baby took a pic, how cute). We traded our stroller for a sand stroller (no charge of course). We were told to follow the trail until we reached wonderland. The greeter gave us all the info about the waterpark and saw to it that we took our free picture. We arrived in time for lunch which was just bananas. I think we tried everything they had to offer TWICE, why, because we paid for it, that's why!!! There were no garbage cans in the eating areas because someone swooped by every few minutes to whisk away everything that was not being utilized in a timely fashion (LOL reminds me of some restaurants). Once you get ready to hit the water, you get your choice of wet suit or vest and snorkel gear that you get to keep (snorkel gear only). The lockers are free lockers, the bathrooms are nice, kinda remind me of spa bathrooms with all the towels you could ever want. There are 4 areas of water you can explore including the dolphins which there was no way in hell I was gonna hang out with dolphins in their element (sorry not that freakin adventurous!) The lazy river is really warm. The stingray section was cool, if you are really still they will come right up to you and do a touchy feely thing. The lagoon area with all the fish you can stand to swim with was pretty awesome. Grab a couple of underwater cameras for this area! The aviary was really neat. The birds REALLY get up close and personal with you (yes, I got pooped on LOL)! The entire place is not crowded at all. There are drinks and snacks available the entire time. Everyone is SUPER nice and helpful and not too pushy about spending more money if you don't want to : ) We also were able to go to Busch Gardens & Sea World with our paid tix to this place (YIPPEE!) Now, I know you are wondering why I only gave it 4 stars so here it is: 1. The website claimed that the weather in Orlando was a high of 85F...LMAO I promise you guys and gals, I never saw 70F the entire time I was there. But I'm a Chicagoan! so the weather did not stop us, I just hate that they lied about it! 2. That lazy river I told you about has nothing but ROCKS in it! You aren't swimming with anything but kids in there (ugh LOL). 3. The snack bar literally only has snacks to eat; chips galore and pretzels, no fries, no slices of pizza, no burgers, just chips, chips, and more chips (so we had plenty for the plane ride home!). And you can only grab one beer at a time so you better have your friends follow you up to the bar! 4. The stroller they gave us barely fit through the entryway of the avairy...really weird~ 5. The sting ray area is tiny and murky (never a good sign) 6. The area next to it with the fish, etc is the highlight of the place and it seems bigger than "tiny" because of the layout but um yeah, you gotta see it for yourself to understand what I mean. Though there were only a few of us in there, we constantly swam into each other. And again (after the dolphin experience I guess) this is the highlight of the place. 7. If you want more towels, you have to walk back to the restroom to get them and on a cold day where its far better to stay close to the water, a little stroll wet in the wind is so NOT COOL! AND WITH ALL THIS SAID, I still had an awesome time and I'm glad we went! Would I go back, probably not because for the money spent even without the dolphin experience, we can travel to the islands for the real deal, I'm not saying, I'm just saying!
I visited Discovery Cove with some friends in July 2007 and loved it! The price is pretty high but they do a really great job at making the experience all inclusive. Once you get there you get a picture ID with your Dolphin swim time, mask and snorkel (which you get to keep), sunblock, and thin life vest. They also had workers everywhere directing you to one place or another to get everything you need. I have to admit the breakfast was pretty basic. I'm not a huge breakfast person anyway. It was my first experience snorkeling and being a moderate level swimmer, I was a bit nervous to get into the deep water. After taking a bit to practice in the fresh water lazy river we headed to the tropical salt water area and slowly dove in. After accidentally breathing through my nose a couple times and swallowing some salt water, I learned pretty quick to not do that. After getting comfortable in the deep water the amount of sea life was amazing. We checked out the aviary where they had a a lot of different species of birds that you can feed. The highlight would probably be the giant peacock and getting taken by surprise when a bird landed on my hand to get some food. I freaked out and flung my hand away and probably scared the crap out of the bird. The food for lunch was pretty good. Huge portions and you can go back for as much as you want. Unlimited beer included! As tempting as it was to take advantage of the alcohol, that was probably a bad idea. Our dolphin interaction time was towards the end of the day so we had pretty much had our fill of the rest of the park by then. It was neat being able to get up close to the dolphins. I have been wanting to do that since I was a kid so it really was a dream come true. The whole experience was probably 30-45 minutes. When it was my turn to head out for the dolphin swim, I had to hang onto one of the trainers cuz I don't know how to tread water haha. the dolphin came up to me and then swam away cuz she could tell I didn't know what I was doing so they had to get another dolphin for me. It was kinda embarrassing haha. After the interaction they tried pretty hard to sell us on the pictures and videos which was a turn off. We opted to split one copy of the picture cd with all our pictures on it and just burn a copies of it. Overall it was a great day in the warm Florida sun. I would definitely go back the next time I am in Orlando! Oh, we went to Seaworld for about 2-3 hours before leaving for the airport later that week too. Free Seaworld admission included!
I Luckily was able to return. This is the greatest adventure I could imagine. If I could go anywhere I would go here. My wife, my kids, and I love this place. They do it right, top notch. I can't say enough.
Beautiful place to go, if your visiting orlando it's a must see. Went swimming with dolphins and sting rays, and in the sting ray pool theres a glass strip where you can see sharks. It was quite scary because i didn't know and stupidly though they where in the water with me! Great staff, very friendly, act like you're there best friends wich is very pleasant.
I could sum this place up with a one word review - Brilliant. However I'll give a bit more detail! The main question about Discovery Cove is, is it worth the cost? Answer - definitely. It's a little pricey but it's a once in a life time experience. Definitely go for the full package including the dolphin swim, you'll regret it otherwise. A complete refreshing change to all the other theme parks, there's none of the frenetic hustle and bustle, you are treated amazingly well and everything is perfect! From the bag you are given containing snorke l (which you get to keep) suncream, etc to the bars dotted around handing out free beer and ice cream, this place is an absolute dream. Plenty of space, never feels crowded. Lunch and breakfast are included, food is amazing, there's plenty of choice and it's eat as much as you like. Dolphin swim is out of this world, trainers are brilliant. Love this place so much, even just writing this is making me want to go back there right now!
Awesome!! On Halloween the weather was perfect. The experience was well worth the cost. Tip: go to the aviary first thing; just a few of us got to feed the birds from our hands without any crowd. The snorkeling was killer, with so many species of fish & stingray; the shark setup was cool too :)
The park is beautiful, with clean, white, sandy beaches and hammocks. The aviary is a great experience as is the reef and ray pool. The food is excellent and the place has staff at every turn. The only down side is the dolphin interaction which is presented on TV as you and your family in a bay on your own playing around with your own dolphin. However, it is strictly organised and you only get to stroke your dolphin a couple of time and get dragged through the water once. You start to feel cold as you are standing around for long periods. If you must swim with the dolphins, do it, but I would recommend Discovery Cove for a relaxing day in Orlando away from the parks in pristine and civilised surroundings. They will really over rate the dolphin swim it is not worth its money and they have put the prices up.
What a great day, this is an exclusive entry park, which is limted to 1,000 people a day. The price of the ticket is very expensive, but well worthy the money. The food and drink is all paid for all day and the service in the park great. This is a must if you love dolphins or swimming with tropical fish.
This place is incrediable. You get amazing one to one interaction with amazing animals, its simply a must. Best thing is they are sensible in restricting the amount of visitors per day so its not overcrowded. Make sure you book well in advance if you want to go though as places fill up quickly.
Our group ranged in age from 8-75 and a perfect day was had by all. We did the all inclusive day with out the dolphin experience. I have to say that no one felt like we were missing anything. There was so much to do and no one got bored. The sting rays were the highlight for us. The food was the only thing average about the day. The staff was amazing and everything was clean and well stocked.
This place is amazing! They only let a limited number of people in a day so there are no crowds to fight through. There's something for everyone and the sights are absolutely beautiful. We swam with dolphins,fish and sting rays and relaxed on the man made sandy beaches with drinks in hand. I highly recommend discovery cove for your next family vacation.
We did the Trainer for a Day package and it did not disappoint!  Not one, not two but three interactions with dolphins!  One was the regular group interaction which was itself amazing.  Getting to meet dolphins in their environment is just a wonderful experience.  We also got our own personal photo opportunity with two dolphins and then were given rides by two additional sets of dolphins.  We also got behind the scenes tours of the dolphin area, small animal area where we met an armadillo, an anteater and a macaw.  Then off to the aviary where we fed birds in all three sections.  Then over to the shark area where we pet sharks and then swam in the reef for about 30 minutes with over 30 different kinds of fish and more stingrays than I have ever seen.  You can touch the stingrays as they swim by which is way cool!  There is also glass so you can swim right up to the shark area and see them swim by you eye to eye.  We capped the day with a long float down the lazy river where we stopped in the aviary to feed more birds.  Then did a little shopping, picked up our photos and DVDs had one quiet drink and watched the last group do their dolphin interaction (they do 9 groups of 8 in one of 3 areas throughout the day).   We had a trainer with us the whole day and different staff at each interaction who answered all of our questions, priority on everything throughout the day including great reserved seating at breakfast and lunch.  All food and drinks are included and were plentiful.  We did go off peak and I recommend doing so if you go to any of the parks as there were only about 25% of the people there.  The park does limit occupancy so it would probably be fine during peak as well but it was nice to not have the place be terribly crowded.  All in all a wonderful experience worth every penny.
Proper good day out. Dolphin Interaction was good, but i preffered swimming around the cove doing my own thing. Swimming along with Stingwrays bigger than me was a blast. And trying to count more characters from finding nemo than my daughter took hours - lol
Discovery Cove is OK.  Its nice due to the small crowds and everything is included.  But after awhile, my husband and I found ourselves bored because we had done everything already.  Its defintely not for the young little ones.  But it does give you a better close up of marine life.
I give this park 4 stars because me, my wife and 3 teen-age kids had a great day here.  But I do have some criticism. First, they made it seem like you were getting an hour of unstructured time with dolphins-- at least that was the impression I got.  Actually half of that is orientation.  Plus they try for groups of eight, so unless you're a large group you will have to share your time with others.  In  our case they put us with a family of three.  Now we didn't pay for my wife to have the dolphin experience as she can't swim and was only going to take video of us.  However they would not allow her to do that.  They said they had professional staff there for that and she would only get in their way.  They also said she didn't have to know how to swim to enjoy the dolphin experience.  So I asked if we could upgrade her ticket so that she could join us and they said it was too late.  I protested and bluffed that we would all sit out the dolphin thing and ask reception to refund that portion of our admission.  They quickly phoned a manager who approved my wife to join us. (They either forgot or just never bothered to add on the fee.)  We had about 20 minutes of quality time with our dolphin, Haley.  It was pretty cool.  A handsome young lifeguard swam my wife out to Haley and Haley swam her back in.  I was glad I insisted my wife be included because that was the highlight of the entire vacation for her.  I teased her that I'm not sure which she enjoyed more the dolphin swim or the lifeguard swim.  When my youngest (12) kissed Haley she rolled over and "swooned", fanning herself with a flipper which was oh-so cute. After the dolphin experience they take you back to where you had the orientation and we spent nearly an hour of our precious DC time being shown the pictures and video that was taken and explained what different packages were available.  My wife loves to have pictures and video, so she picked out the photos and video she wanted.  But then the packages they offered didn't match the number of items she had selected.  And they insisted that they couldn't pro-rate the cost.  This meant she had to go back and look at the pictures and video all over again and either cut some out or add some.  I was surprised they would waste our time and theirs by not simply charging per item.  The package we got ended up costing an additional $280. This is a great park to relax in on a hot sunny day.  The only time we ever waited in line here was for lunch, which was included in the price.  It was cafeteria buffet style with both indoor and outdoor dining and the food was pretty good. The lazy river is really nice and we all loved it.  The ray pool was cool, especially when they feed them and they let the kids feed them too.  The tropical fish pool was nice, although the water was too cold for my wife.  They give you a vest that both keeps you warm and provides buoyancy as well as a scuba mask and snorkel.  But don't swim down into the deep part of the pool chasing after rays and colorful fish or they'll scold you when you surface.  And believe me it's somewhat humiliating when you're a 40 year old guy and getting scolded by a young lady your daughters age. There's a bird sanctuary that's nice.  You can see the birds pretty close up.  Some of them talk I'm told but we didn't hear a peep.  Some very pretty and colorful birds here.  They also have turtles, a three toed sloth and I was told they once had a gila monster. If you want to book a dolphin experience, go on their website a few months in advance.  Another reviewer mentioned "get there early" as if you can show up and book one for that day.  I wouldn't count on that.  I booked ours about 2 months in advance and some of the dates within our two week allotted vacation were booked solid.   One humorous aside.  The family we were matched with for our dolphin experience was British and the husband/father's name was Theodore.  He kind of amused me because he looked just like a walrus with a big handlebar mustache.  On the way to the beach I asked Theodore if I could call him Ted or Teddy.  "No" he scowled, "Theodore!"  "Well Theodore" I said, "are you looking forward to this dolphin thing?"  Theodore replied, "mmm-Bully!", which became our rally cry for the rest of that trip.  Especially my youngest who is great at mimicking voices, kept repeating it exactly as Teddy, oops, Theodore had said it, cracking us up each and every time.   So in spite of some these criticisms and the fact that it cost us about $1500 including the photos/video we had a wonderful time and we recommend Discovery Cove along with the expensive dolphin experience.  Just know what you're getting for your money is short, sweet and totally structured.
Was there March 12, 2012,,,absolutely fabulous!,,,a class act for sure! Interacting with the dolphins and nature was awesome! I had never snorkeled before,,so great! Good food, clean, such a friendly atmosphere! I have been wanting to do this for years and I was not disappointed!
I just came home from one of the most amazing and memorable days I have had in Orlando.  My parent, my 7 year old son and myself had the experience of a life time.  The entry fee may sound expensive, but is worth every penny.  You get very close to the same expenditure at all the other parks at the end of the day.  But you get much more for your money at Discovery Cove.  It is all-inclusive, so you do not have to pull your wallet out at every turn.  Paying ridiculous amounts of money for foods that is nothing but junk.  At discovery cove you get great food, snack bars you can go up to at any time you want.  Wet suits, snorkel and mask, fresh towels at any time, food for the birds and other animals if you want the interaction, lounge chairs on the beach are also all included in the price.   The atmosphere is relaxed and calm.  You do not have to stand in line for anything.  Just grab what you need and go.   I could not drag my son out of the relaxing river at the end of the day.  The water was so warm and he felt so comfortable there. I have not even mentioned the dolphin interaction, which was incredible and informative.   To sum it up from my entire family -  This should be on your bucket list.
Love this place!  The price does seem high at first but when you think about the experience you are getting, it's totally worth it!  We booked the dolphin swim.  You're put into a group of no more than 10 and the trainers bring out 2 dolphins for you to interact with. Even though we were in a group, I thought we got sufficient time with the dolphins.  The actual swim was a lot of fun and lasted about 30 seconds.  You can't expect the dolphin to drag each person around for 10 minutes especially when you think about the number of people who book the dolphin swim each day.  That would be too strenuous for the dolphin.  The experience was amazing!  They don't allow personal cameras or videos during the dolphin swim.  They take the pictures and video and sell it to you with their package deals.  The packages are not cheap but it's difficult to not want something to remember the experience.  The Grand Reef was also fantastic.  So many different varieties of beautfiul fishes and stingrays.  Also there's a shark cage with at least 20 sharks that you can view.  The marmosets and sea otters were really cute and it was fun to feed the birds in the aviary.  The staff was very friendly and professional.  They provide a hearty breakfast with scramble eggs, ham, sausage, waffles, and french toast strips.  The lunch options included spaghetti w/meatballs, tilapia, pulled pork sandwich, burger, hotdog,  chicken tenders, and salads.  There's also multiple options for beverages including alchohol and snacks.  Don't miss out on this place if you are ever in Orlando!!
This place is nice, but very expensive.  Okay, the meals are included and are just okay.  Not to blame it on Discovery Cove for this, but a company booked the trip for us and didn't sign us up for swimming with the dolphins!!!!!!!  We paid top dollar and upon arrival found out that we weren't signed up for a dolphin swim.  When we went to reception to try and fix the problem and schedule a swim with the dolphins, we were out of luck unless we wanted to wait 6 hours. I'll never go back.  In this economy, they should have made sure that we left happy as we were paying so much and getting so little.
I completely enjoyed my day here with the family.  The entire park is kept exceptionally clean.  I was pleasantly surprised at the large number of friendly staff available to help you throughout the day.  The food was better than I expected from a theme park.  You don't have to worry about carrying around a wallet or towels.  I would say that the dolphin experience  is very similar to other places.
I just loved D.C ! It was a very amazing vacation, my family and I loved swimming with the dolphins which was so cool . A vacation I will recommend to family and friends. Lester and Latoya  the dolphins you both rock! One experience never to be forgotten 8/2011. Love Niya,Lele and the children from Bronx N.Y
Really great, we've been there 2x - first time our kids were too young to really get the most of it.  I would recommend visiting when the whole group is 10+. The day is great, the staff are all knowledgable, every person working there is eager to assist park goers and ensure a great experience.  Dolphin swim is short but the whole day is pleasure.  The reef with fish, rays and sharks is awesome.
Great day! From start to finish we had a great time. Very organized arrival/check in, plenty of staff directing people which made it easy to get started enjoying the day. The food was tasty and there were plenty of choices. The different areas, the reef, the lazy river, aviary are well spaced so it was easy to get around and it never felt crowded even though they were at capacity the day we went. My only criticism is the photo situation with the dolphin swim. Since you aren't allowed to bring a camera you have to buy their photos. Unless you have a person who isn't participating in the swim, you won't get any of your own photos. This means when you finish you are left with the only option to purchase from their professional photographers. The screen shots of your proofs are tiny and the photo packages are limited, so you have to slowly review each picture, which is difficult with two kids in tow.  The cheaper package is ~$50 up to $250+. We went with the middle package, $90 for 4 8x6, 2 wallets, 2 key chains and a 4x6. Wallets and key chains have to be the same photos. In the end I came home with a family shot that didn't want. It is an expensive day already, so they should either permit cameras or cut the cost of these packages, or offer much more flexibility in the package design. My advice to parents of young kids, start in the lazy river with the mask and snorkel to get used to using them, then switch to the reef.
Discovery Cove was our first day out and we had to pre-book months in advance and once you got there you felt as if you were royal! To help with all the congestions all the other parks get they only let 1000 people in a day which helps you and gives you a lot more room to enjoy yourself! The dolphins were inspiring and it was a one in a life time experience. You got food and drink in the price too. I would insist you go to Discovery Cove!!! Quite pricey but worth it!!
Discovery Cove - in my personal opinion - was really pricey for what I got, given that I only had a day and didn't realize that in order to really take advantage of it, you need to be able to dedicate a few days to making maximum use of the pass. The people that were there on the day I visited were helpful, but not at all as personable as those I worked with the day before at Gatorland (maybe they just spoiled me?). I arrived at 730 am as indicated on the ticket (actually about 10 minutes early), and while they allowed me to check in, I then had to stand around for the remaining ten before I was let in. When I checked in at 730 (again, as indicated on the ticket), I was told that my dolphin swim would not be until 1130, which left me with four hours to kill before that time (irritating - really people? I got up early for this?). I had eaten before I arrived, so the free breakfast was lost on me. I meandered around, only to find that the rest of the attractions were not yet open - the earliest one to open was their Grand Reef, which let me in at 830. (An hour after we were asked to arrive? Not cool, guys, not cool.) The Grand Reef itself was REALLY awesome, and being that I was ready so early, I was the only one in it while I was there; that was pretty fantastic. The water was colder though, so I wasn't in it very long (about 15 minutes). I went and talked to a guide there, asking what I could do for the next two and a half hours, and they suggested I try the Aviary and The River. I did both; they were both interesting and enjoyable, The River particularly so being that it was chilly out and the water was warm, and, I still had quite a bit of time to kill. (Spending four hours in a water park for someone who historically loathes being wet is quite the exercise in simply 'being with what is'.) I did notice that I didn't freak out at all about the water (my whole life I've had anxiety attacks about being eaten when I'm swimming, even in a pool or hot tub -it's pretty weird), so I was really stoked to notice that. The Dolphin Swim was fun. I am glad to be able to cross it off my bucket list. I did not find it to be the magical, life-altering experience that so many people have made it out to be (perhaps because I lead a very involved and enriching life with animals already?), and it was enjoyable.
Spent the day here in may. The water was a little chilly for me but I did tolerate it fine. It was well worth the cold water to see the dolphins up closer and personal. It is a small group so you do get time to feel them even though the ride to shore was short was well worth it. Something you will never forget. Sea venture is the coolest by far even though again the water was chilly it is some of the best animal interaction you will get. The helmet type scuba gear was not as uncomfortable as it looked  the time underwater is not real long and the path is short but this is again by far the coolest thing I have ever done holding lobster, star fish, fish nipping on your legs and fingers. Such a wonderful experience. Although the price seemed high when you break it down you are here from 7:39 to 5:30. Play all day eat and drink all day and believe me you will want to get there at 7:30  but included was 14 days at sea world and aquatica this really brings the value up. We went to sea world for the day and only spent $8:00 all day. Our hotel offered free quick pass as well as free ride so no parking fee and a discount card for food and souvenirs. Only thing I could add would be the staff at discovery cove were the nicest, friendliest and they were everywhere. When ever you needed anything they were right there. Great job!
Like everyone says, it's EXPENSIVE, but definitely worth the experience (at least once).  People say the Hawaii and Mexico dolphin experiences are better, but I have nothing to compare it to. We paid almost $400 per person (which included the dolphin swim).  Good luck trying to find deals online.  Due to the nature of this experience they rarely (if ever)  have discounts.  But you do get unlimited access to SeaWorld and Aquatica 14 days within your park pass to Discovery Cove.  Take advantage of that! The park is open to a limited number of people per day (there is a cutoff)-- 8:00 am - 5:30 pm.  Water area isn't open until 9 am.  The admission is an all-day pass, included unlimited snacks (pretzels, chips, cookies), cocktails (frozen mango, coconut), breakfast, lunch.  Only issue was the dishes are typical cafeteria food--nothing special.  There are cut-off times for breakfast and lunch so make sure you make time to eat.  Think we ate "lunch" 3 times!  Only bad thing is you can't cut in line just to grab one item.  You have to line up with everyone else.  Think they serve beer (and maybe wine)? Make sure you come ~30 mins early to check-in.  You get a time assigned to you (if you signed up for a dolphin swim-extra cost).  Just make sure you meet at the huts and not BY the dolphins like we did.  You get an overview with a trainer and watch a short video clip and you're off to spend time with the dolphins for ~30 minutes in groups of about 7-8.  We were disappointed that they didn't allow cameras.  You can have a friend stand off on the side and snap pix for you.  Come to find, they have photographers there that take your photo with the dolphins and sell them to you (yup, additional $$$$ on top of your pricey admission).  Cost us about +$160 just for photos. That was an upset to me. They could at least give us the photos! You do get a complimentary one when you first enter the cove. There is a swimming area (warmer water) with a cave, waterfall, and "lazy river" (but much more scenic)--which only has certain sections where the water flow pushes you...the rest you gotta swim!  There are several drop-off points where it can get deep so if you can't swim, opt for a life jacket. They also have a "beach" area with white sand and chairs/hammocks for sunbathing.   The reef was my fav. "water area."  You use your snorkel gear here to check out the variety of fish, the giant stingrays, and even sharks (which is closed off by glass).  The area can get crowded as most people like this area too. I got elbowed in the face once. HAHA.  Wished I could see more variety of sea life here, and it would be even better if the reef was bigger! Water in both the dolphin swim area and the reef areas are kept freezing cold! Be prepared for that.  Most people get the wetsuit to keep them warm.  Otherwise, you can choose a vest.  Both are not for floatation purposes. You get life jackets (optional) for that. There was an otter area where you view them through the glass, a birds area where you get to feed them--but those aren't worth the time (to me anyways).  They can use these areas to expand the reef?? Overall, we loved our experience here.  Staff was excellent.  We probably won't go again---at least not for awhile.  But, we were glad we spent the money to experience this.  It was my first time touching a dolphin, seeing one up close, and swimming with one.  Wished I could spend more time with the dolphins (which you can get a Trainer for a Day package where you follow a trainer around all day). Maybe next time... BRING A WATERPROOF CAMERA!
Discovery Cove - Top Destination for Orlando! Discovery Cove was one of the top attractions that my family has ever been to, hands down. It didn't feel like an amusement park, it felt very natural with everything at your fingertips. Sunscreen, snorkeling gear, towels, all you can eat gourmet food, you name it! The place is so big and spread out (not to mention there is a capacity, so get your reservations early!). You hardly notice the other people, which makes it so much more magical. We enjoyed feeding the rays, visiting with the birds, riding the lazy river, snorkeling, and we also chose to swim with the dolphins. Sunbathing under the palms was amazing, but there was so much to do it was an afterthought. I highly recommend Discovery Cove, it was much better than waiting in lines at DisneyWorld and took away all of the fears about snorkeling off the coasts! Fun and safe!
Best vacation ever for my entire family and memories to cherish for a lifetime. Hands down the very best!! It's also the safest way to explore the waterways! Beautiful, clean and no long dreadful lines! What to bring?- underwater cameras, cameras, water shoes, sunglasses and money for the gift shops...other than that...nothing cause they supply u with everything. Well, maybe a hat too. I forgot to add that. We got there about 7:30 am. Make sure everyone in your party looks good because they take a snapshot for your complimentary photo. (Also, I need to mention that if you have more than one household in your party, to tell them so that way every single household gets their free pic. ) pics are ready after 1. We were able to get checked in with our passes, ( snapshot) and have a delightful breakfast. Breakfast menu had many items to choose from. A breakfast platter that consist of scramble eggs, 2 sausage links and home fries, other items to choose from were waffles, french toast sticks, fresh cut pineapples, pastries from muffins to Cinnabon buns, cereal and more. Breakfast ends at 10:30. Yum. After breakfast, they guided us were to get our gears( all included) snorkel, sunblock that is eco-friendly  for the fishes. wetsuits etc. we had a guide show us to our cabana. I highly recommended it because it was a lil spot of heavenly bliss in this beautiful amusement park. We had a go to spot to meet up, hang out, our own locker and fridge and snack fully stocked on site the whole entire time, not to mention a beautiful view of the dolphin lagoon watching dolphins in action, have shade with ceiling fan ( we're spoil) and sand toys for the kids. So private n nice! My toddler took a nice long nap.:) makes this mommy happy. Nothing is open til 9, meaning u can't get into the water ways or see the birds...but....just enjoying the surrounding was awesome. Once allowed, my family of 5 and my mother in law floated along the wind away river with noodles to the explorer 's aviary to feed the exotic birds. Highly recommend doing so early. Just hold out your arm and make sure it's away from your face. I only say that because of my children. They held their lil cup ramekins without extending their arms wondering why the birdies wouldn't  play. Lol. Then after, we went back into the wind away river where we got to see river otters and marmosets. I  was able to take in all the beauty surrounding us, caves, vases, birds, animals, lush greens, waterfalls and gorgeous tropical flowers. I was in a state of tropical bliss!!The Grand Reef was the highlight for us. So grand and magnificent! I recommend going there more towards the late afternoon since the morning time had the most people in it. It's was unreal! Tons of beautiful fishes and rays. We throughly enjoyed it to the fullest. After that, we were able to lounge in a hammock looking up at palm trees. I went to pick up our complimentary photos after lunch. Lunch begins at 11 and ends at 3:30pm. They had so many yummy items to choose from burgers, hotdogs, bbq pork sandwich, fish, Mac n cheese, sweet Hawaiian chicken with fried rice, chicken tenders with fries, salads, nice sandwiches on a focaccia bread, pickles, potato salads, cole slaw, chocolate cakes, cheesecakes and more.11 am is adult time...that's the time they stock our fridge with beer n wine. The snack bars had piña colada and mango colada. ;) yum, that was my fav. The snack bar by the island was the only snack bar that gave you full bottles of beer, the others had cups. Snacks included were...kettle chips, trail mix, pretzels ( salted, unsalted and sugar n cinnamon) ice creams, crackers, slushies ,  and more. So from 9 to 5:30, we got to explore all waterways. Amazingly beautiful. There was a delightful band playing steel drums and over by the island is a pool with chairs where u can enjoy your drinks in the pool and enjoy views of the beautiful macaws. The staff members are extremely kind and terrific to my whole family. Our visit was absolutely the best. Beautiful weather, gorgeous place! Love it!
Wonderful park! There's no queuing at anytime. Quick check in process. Nice breakfast and OK lunch, although a bit small portions. Super friendly staff especially the dolphin instructors. Everything included - from food and drinks to bath towels and snorkeling  equipment. Amazing reef pool. Never once did the park feel crowded. Highly recommended. Fun for the whole family.
Omg this place is so much fun I hope you have an under water camera for the snorkeling w/the stingrays!!! Some kids get scared and scream when the beautiful ocean fish and swim and brush up against you cause they sure aren't shy. Some stingrays are huge like 10 feet wide looking like space ships as they glide in the water. I'd recommend getting a cabana. You're on vacation spend the extra money. 1 star lost due to food and snacks, they suck! It's crappy cafeteria food quality. The tilapia tasted like pure mercury! YUCK! It's expensive duh it's Disney not Great America.
I've been here twice and it's a must see at least once in a life time.  The experience is great and the food is always good and everything except for the swimming with the dolphins is included.  If you are sensitive to some food the chef personally will make a meal with your needs, and for me that is a big deal!
My family and I went here for Memorial day weekend and it was amazing. We were scared that with the recent weather our trip would be ruined but it wasn't. Saturday was probably the best weather we had all weekend. Discovery Cove is so worth the price. When they say all inclusive they mean it. There is no fine print. The only thing you pay for is your pictures and souvenirs. I recommend this place hands down.
I took my wife here for our 1 year anniversary and we had an amazing day.  We did the trainer for a day package, that took us backstage, let us pet a shark, and got us a second dolphin encounter.  I highly recommend this to anyone going.  It was expensive, but a great insight on how much care and thought goes in to the day-to-day interactions with the animals and their trainers. A huge thanks to Jill, who was our trainer.  She was super informative during the meals, which were good and included.   The facility also had an aviary, where we were able to feed birds and have them land on us.  We also met a kinkajou and an armadillo, and fed some otters.   Another awesome thing about the park- free beer!  When it started to rain, we just kicked back and had a few free colds ones.  Really nice way to spend a rainy day.
I live in central Florida, but my visit to Discovery Cove may have been the best stay-cation that I've been on in a while. I was more relaxed (and full) after a day there than at a spa day. My friend and I went as a girls weekend, and we loved the serene ambiance, unlimited drinks, and fun experiences. We both jumped back when we had a 6ft stingray glide right past us in the great barrier reef. Plus, we LOVED floating down the river as it went through the aviary. The entire place was so beautiful, and the staff was so willing to help, it was like taking the best parts of a cruise in one day. I don't say this often, but it was completely worth the money. I would recommend Discovery Cove to anyone.
My boyfriend took me here for our one year anniversary as a surprise. He came off of recommendations of close friends who have come in the past. We had a blast. The water was clear and felt clean, loved the exclusivity of the limited admittance. The dolphin experience was worth the price, and buy at least one picture so you have the memory! The staff are really nice and go out of their way to assist and direct you. There are nice hammocks to relax in by the water. After lunch we sat by the water and had a nice nap. There was time to relax without missing any attractions which was nice. Coral reef looked boring to me when I first saw it but I'm glad I gave it a chance. We had fun taking pictures with the huge fish and sting rays. It was nice to have a nice space to shower in with decent shampoo, body wash, and conditioner.. With awesome clean towels at any time. Feeding the birds was fun, they jump on you and will eat your food if you go early enough. Definitely grab a float before you get into the winding River, it's deep at times. All in all, amazing date. Amazing day.
The best experience at a park ever.  Limited amount of people makes it nice.  You never have a long weight which is one the best things going for discovery cove.  All inclusive is nice as well, Including food, equipment rental, & alcohol.   Well done and good job discover cove. I will recommend to all my friends.  Kids enjoyed the dolphins the most.
We ventured to Discovery Cove while vacationing with the Mouse. We planned two days off-site. I am so glad we did! We purchased our tickets online way in advance and at the time they were offering an additional park pass for free. We ended up going to Busch Gardens (not my choice - I wanted Sea World) for our free admission. That's a different story. But we LOVED Discovery Cove. It is a quick taxi ride from any Disney resort. We were greeted and checked in. We received our lanyards which serve as your pass, and your credit card/ID for the day. You have a family photo, which I have to say I did not prepare for, as I had planned on an entire day in the water, so my "look" was a bit more natural than I would have liked documented for posterity, but I digress... We had a nice breakfast, buffet style. Nothing mind blowing, you are here for the dolphins, not the food. Then again nothing was terrible either. We had some crazy breakfast companions - the birds are not shy when it comes to checking out what you have on your plate - but they were some interesting company. We had an early dolphin swim, and it was truly amazing. I admit that I get a little weepy about dolphins and I don't really know why, but it was an amazing experience to get that close and even get a kiss. We loved the lazy river, so warm! and time in the aviary was fantastic. Otter feeding time was possibly the cutest thing I have ever seen. The kids loved being able to get their own snacks and drinks as everything is included. The reef was amazing, so much sea life to see. We even got to see a slipper lobster that one of the animal keepers brought out of the water for everyone to get a better look. My brood was the last out of the water when the day came to an end. I can't wait to come back!
5 years later and still amazing.   Gorgeous gorgeous scenery.  Everything is manicured and cleaned every minute of the day. The fish are beautiful,  the lazy river is so relaxing, and the unlimited drinks..hallelujah.   The last time I came they only had a few options but this time they had these mango and pina colada alcohol drinks that were so thick you could eat them like sherbert, so freaking good.   Margaritas included? You bet...trail mix, crackers, pretzels, you name it. The one thing I want to stress is that its good for families but I think even better for couples.  Loved every second of it and wish I could go back already. TIP: For lunch make sure to sit to the left, there is a live band.  They play the same song through speakers on the right side but I wouldn't have realized if I hadn't accidentally walked by.  Also if you have american express go through their website to get better rates!
I would give this place more than 5 stars if I could!! I loved it & plan to visit again.  Friendliest staff catering to your every need. You don't need to bring anything along-except your camera maybe. They provide it all. Swim with dolphins & in the coral reef. Lazy river area or just soak up the sun and breeze as you relax in the many recliners or hammocks. Snack shacks throughout to eat & drink from. A main diner to eat meals at while enjoying the surroundings. It's just beautiful & they take good care of you here. Experience it at least once....me? I'm going back!!!
DISCLAIMER: I visited Discovery Cove this past summer prior to the release of the film Blackfish. After seeing that film, I will never visit any park that holds animals captive simply for profit. Discovery Cove could easily be part of that old MasterCard commercial from back in the day. "Admission to Discover Cove: $400 per person, Swimming with dolphins: Priceless." Priceless is definitely the overwhelming theme of this review. Is $400 a bit expensive for a ticket to a theme park? Absolutely. But honestly can you even put a price tag on a priceless experience? As a good friend likes to say, "it's only money..." Upon entry one is immediately transported to a virtual man-made tropical paradise. If one didn't know any better there'd be no convincing them that the Orlando metro area was just a few hundred feet away. The staff were all incredibly nice and the service provided was top notch. The lazy river was relaxing and the perfect place to simply enjoy a carefree afternoon. I coral reef wasn't really my thing but I did enjoy being able to swim amongst so many different types of fish and plant life. The dolphin experience itself was extremely short. You're separated into "pods" and shown an educational video on dolphins and other sea life. The video is self serving to the SeaWorld organization though and not a true educational video on these great creatures. In order to do that SeaWorld would have to produce a video that speaks against their practice of keeping Orcas in captivity. Anyway, you're also given some safety tips by one of the trainers and then taken out to the water. You stand it groups of ten and take turns "swimming" with the dolphins. My trainer's name was Robert if I recall correctly and he was awesome. Highly personable and seemingly knowledgeable about dolphins. Again, this has to be taken with a grain of salt because he is paid to push SeaWorld's agenda rather than the truth about what captivity does to dolphins and whales. Robert explained how he got into dolphin training and what people have to go through to get the job. To my surprise you only to pass a swim test and possess a Psychology degree to land the job. He stated that most of the jobs are part time and that many trainers have other jobs simply to make ends meet. I mentioned that I my undergrad degree was in Psych and he began encouraging me to think about becoming a trainer if it was something that interested me. The swimming with Natalie (the dolphin assigned to my group) was awesome. I'm really happy I got to experience something so special but at the same time I'm ashamed of having supported something so barbaric as captivity-for-profit. I can't say I'd do it again nor would I recommend it to someone else. Again, $400+ for something that lasts maybe 5 minutes is a hard sell. SeaWorld (or Discovery Cove) tries to sweeten the experience by offering free food and drinks for the entire day. IMO, that is the least they can do for charging such outrageous prices for the tickets, merchandise and photos. The food is AWFUL! Lunch is better than breakfast though. It's sub-standard cafeteria food that probably comes from the freezer or out of bags. For the kind of money they are charging I feel like a 5-star chef should be on hand to cook gourmet meals that would make the "free meals all day"  actually worth something. I bought a t-shirt that was extremely thin. I've made it a point not to place it is in the dryer and it's held up fairly well. I also bought a $60 gold plated dolphin necklace. The photo packages are OUTRAGEOUS. We paid nearly $200 for a set of photos and a CD-rom of digital prints. We passed on the video of our swim experience. Putting the captivity issue aside, Discovery Cove was a neat experience.
Best experience. Took my daughter for her 8th birthday and we had a great time they served breakfast then snacks all day unlimited alcohol and non alcohol drinks. Lunch started around 330 till close. The lazy river was really relaxing then you have the sudden deep ends but as long as you have something to hold on to (such as a noodle which are provided) you will be fine. You can also get off while on the lazy river to the aviary section where you can feed the birds. Swimming with the dolphins incredible but very short. Snorkeling was beautiful but the salt water if it gets in your eyes it's pretty harsh. I would def recommend this place to everyone. Next time I don't think I will be doing the dolphin swim just not worth the extra money. Truly the best part of our vacation.
I wish I could give this place more stars.  Let me start off by saying I am PICKY and high maintenance and I hate water parks. This place is wonderful.  We went in June and the kids are still talking about how fun it was.  When you look at the price initially, it is a bit expensive, but when you consider all that you are getting it is actually a bargain!  We had the whole day there, plus a dolphin swim, snorkel equipment, and breakfast & lunch, plus snacks, drinks (yes, beer and frozen cocktails too) and it was fantastic. Customer service is second to none, and again let me emphasize that I am PICKY about this sort of thing...my husband was impressed and he is even pickier than I am. For families and groups of 4-5 I would recommend the cabanas...it was nice to have a "home base" but certainly wasn't necessary as there were plenty of chairs & shady spots.  The park NEVER felt crowded, even though we went on a summer day.   The kids especially loved the aviary (birds land on you) and the stingray pond.  We got fabulous photos from the staff there and they put it all together for you on a cd to take home.   WE will definitely return!
This place by far exceeded our expectations.  It's got to be one of the most beautiful places on Earth!  The grounds are tropical and lush; everywhere you look the view is gorgeous.  We truly feel blessed to have been able to have this experience as I don't know of anyplace else where you can swim in a saltwater aquarium full of sea life.  Awesome! We took the advice of some other Yelpers and arrived early, 7:30ish, the lines were long but moved along quickly.  The staff was friendly and helpful and seemed to be everywhere only added to the overall experience.  We also claimed a locker immediately as suggested, then preceded to another area to claim a chair.  There was quite a distance between where we finally settled and our locker so if I had to make a suggestion for a first timer I would say quickly explore the park first then decide where you want to be and claim chairs and lockers in that area.  The lockers do go quickly so don't wait.  In all honesty you need to bring very little and we over packed; you do however need to bring photo id.   When they say everything is included they mean it......the towels are unlimited and located all over the park, as well as life vests and (required) wet vests and suits.  They even give you a bag of snorkel equipment and you get to keep the mouthpiece.  Included in that bag was a sample size of suntan lotion safe for use around the sea life.  I questioned if the portion size was really enough and requested more but a little really did go a long way.  It is requested that you use the lotion they supply for the safety of the animals. The food/drink/snacks (including mixed cocktails) were all unlimited and there were several places around the park to fill up but only one buffet building for the main meal.  I expected hospital like food since it was also included but it was one of the best buffets we've ever been in.  In fact during our 10 day vacation Discovery Cove's buffet was by far the best food we had the entire trip. I can't stress enough to bring your camera, both regular and waterproof, but if you forget they do sell them at the park.  The memories you create here you will want to capture on film.   As far as prices this place is expensive but we purchased our tickets thru Greater Orlando Discounts and were able to save the tax (about $75) small savings compared the hefty price but worth every cent.  Our ticket also included unlimited 14 day access to both SeaWorld and Aquatica, so if you are considering doing all three parks or even just two buy the Discovery Cove ticket because if you buy SeaWorld or Aquatica first there's no discount into Discovery Cove and you'll pay double.
We arrived late as we thought it would be open late but when we found out it wasn't were frustrated and feeling dejected, John (from New York) stepped in and saved the day.  We were invited back the next day from the top to the bottom every staff member made our stay full of memories we will always cherish.  You have to do the Sea Venture as it allows a novice to explore the bottom of the waters and walk among the sea life .  If you just want a day if relaxation or fun in the sun, this is where you want that day to begin and end.  From our family to the DC family we love you and will always hold a place in our hearts.
This is our second time is, and it's wonderful. It's a bit pricey, thats true..but you get unlimited drinks, snacks and a breakfast and lunch buffet, so that softens the blow. I LOVE the coral reef and snorkeling with fish and manta rays. It's an amazing experience. My few complaints are it seemed smaller this time, especially for the amount of people. I got kicked several times and bumped into a lot. The lazy river is okay..but def not lazy, you have to swim and theres deep parts so you can't just float, plus they only provide  noodles, not other flotation devices. Just call it the river. I might go back, but at the price it'll be a bit before so. I would def suggest this place to anyone just as a cool, different experience. Oh, and the dolphin swim DOES suck..we did it the time before and it wasn't worth the money to do it again.
I love this place , staff is very friendly The food is great and a fun place to go for something different
We recently visited Orlando for a Disney vacation in honor of my birthday. The only non-Disney park we visited was Discovery Cove. The more we thought about it, the more perfect it sounded for a break between our very tiring and busy Disney park days. It would be an actual day of relaxation compared to the others which were also great but comparably exhausting. The prices can be staggering, and they can vary from week to week or day to day. Whatever the tickets cost, please keep in mind that this park is all-inclusive (with the exception of the dolphin encounter which costs more). All of your food (mediocre) and drinks (including alcohol) are included in the price for breakfast, lunch, and snacks in between. You have free use of wet suits, snorkel gear (you even get to keep your souvenir snorkel), and all of the park's exhibits. I thought the Oasis area and the Wind-Away River were pretty uninspiring. They were also the least crowded, and this is why. The water is a lot warmer, but there isn't much to see or do. The Explorer's Aviary was our favorite attraction in that area of the park, and we loved meeting a variety of gorgeous and colorful birds and feeding them by hand. We easily could have spent hours in there! We also absolutely fell in love with the Grand Reef. This was the busiest and most crowded area of the park. Keep in mind that Discovery Cove always controls crowd levels by only letting a certain number of people into the park each day, so even in this busy part of the park it didn't feel that bad and we could easily swim around for as long as we wanted exploring the reef. We DID partake in the dolphin encounter. It was a big part of the reason we came to the park, but even without it our day would have been full with relaxation and adventure. We met an adorable dolphin named Akai who we instantly fell in love with. Arrangements had been made previously to have Akai surprise me with a Happy Birthday buoy and it really was a wonderful surprise! He then proceeded to "sing" me happy birthday. It was an unforgettable experience and a great surprise that I recommend for anyone wanting to plan something special for a loved one. I was even told that sometimes people do marriage proposals the same way! Who wouldn't say "Yes" to such a creative proposal? We decided (especially considering the special circumstances with the dolphin birthday surprise) to go all out for the deluxe photo and dvd package. It was a better deal than getting the photo cd and dvd a la carte and it came with a bunch of extra things like large printed photos, a poster-sized print, a photo album, key chains, etc. The one thing we didn't realize is that when they make your dvd they remove the original sound and replace it with a musical soundtrack. When we went to pick up our order the staff member casually mentioned that as he went to check the dvd to make sure it worked correctly. I suppose this is because the sound recording is straight from the camera source and not a professional recording (ie it has lots of other random ambient sounds), but this was really upsetting to us because a big part of the reason we wanted the dvd was to capture the sounds of Akai singing to me. FORTUNATELY when we explained the situation the staff member was able to burn us a replacement copy of the dvd using the original sound. We had to come back about 45 minutes later (a big reason why you shouldn't wait till the park closes to wait in line to get your pictures) and the result was exactly what we wanted!! I don't get the appeal of a dvd with no sound other than music that just plays throughout. It actually seems pretty lame, but I know that other dolphin experience places do the same thing. Keep this in mind if you plan to order a dvd. You're paying enough money for it that they should be able to give you what you want. All in all, our day at Discovery Cove was FABULOUS! We will definitely be back in the future with the whole family. Kids over 6 can swim with the dolphins, so we might wait until both my nephews are old enough to participate (and appreciate) this really special experience!
This is the best theme park with the best deal.  A ticket to here also get you in SeaWorld and Aquatica.   The place is well organized and and provide the best service.  The food is good and fresh. I feel like a VIP in there. The best part of this park is to get to swim with dolphin.  You also get to swim and snorkel along side with tropical fish and sting rays.  You even get to see some sharks too.   Snorkeling in the lazy river is fun too.   It is not crowed due to their limited number of guests policy so it doesn't make the attractions crowded but enough to make you feel not lonely.  Bathrooms are clean and well prepared with all its necessities such as towels, shampoo, bodywash, etc.   They even provide wet suit too. Overall, I feel very comfortable in it.
Great buy for AL resort. The trainers were awesome and grounds were clean. The day wasn't exhausting until it was over. Good was fantastic. Tip do dolphin encounter early you'll get caught up and lose track of time. We did our encounter for 830/9??? Ate breakfast then did it. And then just enjoyed the day all over.
Loved this place. I took my 6yr old son here this year. Our day started with breakfast provided by the establishment. There were plenty of choices and was not disappointed. While we ate there were some birds around that was a nice touch I thought. We then got fitted for our suits and vests. Everyone was very helpful. We did participate in the dolphin swim, the water was colder here but it was so worth it. They had a photographer and a videographer that documented the whole experience. Throughout the day you were able to get snacks and after I believe 11 you were able to get alcoholic beverages. Lunch was also good, they had adult choices and also kids choices like hot dogs and nuggets. The other features at the resort were the lazy river, where you could ride along a heated stream and take in all the exotic birds flying around. There was the coral reef, where you could snorkel and touch the fish. That was an amazing one of a kind sight. I think my mind had me a little scared when I was snorkeling and saw a big stingray swim right below me! Of course the stingers are removed but it was something I had never seen before. I would do it again though. They had a place at the end of the lazy river where you could see some monkeys. And then there was a sort of bird sanctuary where you could feed the birds. The birds were beautiful! They would land right on your hand, and sometimes your head lol. Overall I would say it was worth the price, everything is included in the price and you also have tickets to Seaworld and Aquatica included in the price. One thing I didn't know was that all the photo ops throughout the park were free. I thought they were going to ask us to buy them at the end but when we got to the register they just asked where we took photos and we got them. Make sure you take advantage of this.
I did the Swimming With The Dolphins and git to swim with a 21 year old CJ, kiss his mom Gina, and kiss his 1.5 year old son. The swimming was actually about 30 seconds. The rest was touching, hugging, and kissing. Very expensive and the price for pics was outrageous, but it was one of my bucket list obsessions, so I did it. The ticket also paid for my trip to Aqustica water park as well as SeaWorld.
If you are thinking about visiting Orlando. You really SHOULD spend a day here. The ticket prices are really reasonable considering the experience you will get. My boyfriend and I got the dolphin package for the day, which included breakfast, lunch, snacks, drinks (alcoholic + non), gear, etc. The only thing you will need to pay for are photos and gift shop items. (There are photographers all around taking pictures, but I recommend bring your own waterproof cam too. Also we opted for a DVD disc of all the photos taken of us that day. This way we didn't have pay for prints, etc) You can be sure that there will not be overcrowding because they limit the amount of tickets that can be purchased for the day. The hospitality was amazing, the food delish. I would seriously advise to go there early, especially if you have a dolphin reservation. Plus, there was so much to do, that a whole day is necessary, from open to close. Although, I did spend a little too much time going round and round the lazy river, the time I made for snorkeling in the grand reef and playing with dolphins was worth it. I did miss out on feeding the birds in the aviary, but they were hanging out as I passed the section floating down the river. If you want to feel like a VIP inside an oasis for a day, DO THIS! P.S. The waters are heated, so its great year-round.
Took my husband here for his birthday! We got there early, because i was reading up on getting good spots on the beaches and we definitely wanted to do breakfast and have a full day here. We got here at about 7:45 am and they opened at 8:30, by 8:30 the line was really long to get in. Food and drink is unlimited!!!! We were loading up on pina colada's and jeremiah sweet tea. the best part was the dolphin swim!!!!! I GOT TO KISS A DOLPHIN!!!! WHAT?!?! this really was the best part, i just wish it was actual swimming with them....the dolphin ride was so short and i wanted to do it again. we have sea world annual passes so there is a bit of a discount the two of us went for $150/each. only thing that sucks is that we have to wait till october or november to go again...summer is blocked out from june -sept i think.
BF and I were in Orlando for Disney World, when planning our vacation, I did some research on where to swim with dolphins in Florida, hoping there would be something close to Disney World. Thanks to Google, I found Discovery Cove! I read their package and it sounded like it was worth getting. We did the Day Resort Swim with Dolphin Package which included breakfast & Lunch meals, unlimited snacks and beverages (yes, including alcohol!!), unlimited visits to the other water parks around, 14 consecutive visits to Sea World and of course the package included swim experience with dolphins.   The dolphin experience was a 30 minute interaction with one of the dolphins, and another dolphin to swim with that takes you back to shore. If you can't swim (ahem, me); it's okay, you have the choice to do deep or shallow to swim with the dolphin.... This place is pretty cool, the water was heated, except (of course) where the dolphins were and the snorkeling area. It was my my first time snorkeling and it was amazing...got to touch/swim with the sting rays as well (located in the Grand Reef).  We also got to feed some birds in Explorer's Aviary. Discovery Cove is just amazing, it's like a little island in Orlando, a way to relax if you're in town. You don't need to bring much with you since it's all inclusive! Complimentary towels, snorkeling gears, sunscreen, wetsuit/vest; really all you need is extra dry clothes and waterproof camera. :) What's also nice is that they only allow a certain amount of people in a day to avoid overcrowding. Giving Discovery Cove 4.5 stars, yes minus .5 because we can't bring in our cameras when doing the swim with dolphin experience.  Booo... The pictures cost me almost $200 (including DVD). Overall, this experience was the highlight of our Orlando trip!
My experience at Discovery Cove was wonderful! We came straight from the airport and had rented a private cabana around the coral reefs. This is definitely the way to go. We could walk out to the sting-ray area from the cabana. It was a little far from everything else, but totally worth the relaxation that a little seclusion provides. Yes, it is expensive, but quite honestly, I hate crowds and the typical theme-park atmosphere, so this was a welcome change. I will gladly pay the same rates next year. The customer service was wonderful. We even wanted to sign an extra person up for the dolphin swim, and they accommodated us, in the same group. The only downside was that we didn't arrive until noon! I would have loved to spend more time here.
Discovery is right...because shortly after you do 2-3 things you discover you've been ripped off.  Food sucks...no water slides...and the lazy river doesn't even have tubes for you to float on...probably because it's not lazy...you have to kick and paddle your way through the damn canal.  AND you can't even take a drink in there.   Plus after they gouge you for over $100 each they try to upsell you on swimming with the dolphins in which you don't.  You wade in knee deep water and get to watch the dolphins do tricks and you get to pet one.  I did the same thing from shore about 6 feet behind the suckers that paid for it. AND they serve only beer and alcohol smoothies.  All this and they cut off your food supply at 3PM and close the park at 5PM.   $50 a person and I will still pass on it.  Add a water slide...and up the lazy river a notch and then MAYBE it's worth it. The stingrays are cool though...chill in there the whole time.
Just.... jaw dropping WOW. When I came to this park, I really did NOT know what to expect, but for the price I paid, I definitely would not expect anything less. This place was hands down my most expensive and absolute BEST part of my trip. My total came out to $615 and a few cents for my boyfriend and I. That $600 included EVERYTHING from breakfast, lunch, parking, snacks, drinks, beer, slushies, ice cream, sun screen, use of towels, shampoo and conditioner, body wash, bags for wet clothes, lotion, snorkel gear, locker rentals, swim vest, lanyard for your card, beach chairs and umbrella, a photo, and free admission to seaworld, aquatica, or buschs gardens for 14 days; you absolutely do NOT need your wallet once you check in-- unless you do the dolphin experience. The dolphin experience was awesome, but cameras were not allowed into the water with the dolphins. Only professional photographers and videographers are able to capture the moment for you... and if you want to purchase the pictures or videos they are really expensive (the only downside). We bought 5 6x8, 1 4x6 with 2 key chains of the same picture for a whopping $94!. I think the DVD of your experience was $50 along.. just way too expensive in my opinion.. As many people already mentioned, this place is just bliss. You don't need to worry about ANYTHING here. The staff is EVERYWHERE and are sooo knowledgeable and willing to help you out every step of the way. It's like they care that you spent a buttload at this place and they're determined to make you feel like it was completely worth it. The coral reef was super awesome, filled with coral, schools of fish, shark tanks, eel tanks, and LOTS of sting rays. I have to admit, even though I knew the sting rays don't sting, when there are hoards of them at a time, especially with ones the size of my kitchen table, I got a little scared :) Lazy river had beautiful views of man made waterfalls and caves.. great picture taking opportunities. You are allowed to feed the birds in the bird aviary and if you stick your arm out, they'll land on your arm, which is pretty cool. Recommendations: BRING A WATERPROOF CAMERA!. We had to buy ours there for 14.99, I don't know if that's cheap or expensive, but I feel like it would be cheaper at walmart or something.
Why 2 stars?  Because you get very little time with the dolphins for the money.   ---   ---   --- This is not a cheap day at the park.  My expectations were to become best friends with the Dolphins by the end of the day.  Unfortunately, you get minimal interaction with them. When you arrive at Discovery Cove, you are given a designated time for your dolphin experience.  Unfortunately when there is lightning, there are delays.  And there's never lightning in Florida in the summertime right?  Our dolphin time wasn't until 3:00, but ended up being pushed back to 4:30 because of two lightning delays. So what do you do from 8:30-4:30?  Well, there's a few things: The one cool activity is snorkeling with the sting rays and other various fish.  It's amazing that you can safely be in the water with them.  It made me nervous when I was surrounded by them, but they are harmless.  There's also a giant pirate ship-looking cage in the middle of this water that's full of barracudas.  It's fun to get right up against the window as they stare at you with an intense anger.  You and their deathly sharp teeth are only separated by a few inches of Plexiglass.  This ray/fish/barracuda pond is actually the best part of the experience at Discovery Cove.  The only drawback is that it was FREEZING cold water. Everything else is pretty boring at the park.  There's a bird feeding area, which is pretty standard as far as bird feeding areas go.  There's a lazy river, but no tubes to sit on.  And there's a cafeteria.  All of the food is free with your ticket, but for the price you pay, you'd expect a bit more quality.  It's standard amusement park cafeteria food. And that's it.  Try and fill your time for 8 hours with those activities.   But finally, 4:30 comes and it's time for us to hang out with the dolphins.  After watching some dolphin related videos, you head to the water in groups of 6-8 people or so.  You each get a minute or two with the dolphins and then it's over.  It's definitely not worth the wait. My advice for any visitors is this - Arrive EARLY!!  We got there around 8:10-8:15 and got stuck with a much later time slot.  If your dolphin time is in the morning or early afternoon, you will enjoy your experience much more.  It's tough to remain entertained all day when you only have about 3 options of activities.  Northerners probably scoff at that statement, but when you live in Florida, sitting on the beach is not considered a special activity.  Don't get me wrong, I love the beach, but not for $200. I would recommend getting to Discovery Cove around 7:30 to ensure an early time slot with the dolphins.  I'd also say, keep your expectations low as to your 1 on 1 time with them.
I would like to give this 4.5 stars but cant so it settled on a 4. Hands down, best part of my vacation. We actually went on my birthday and I couldn't have asked for a  better day. The place itself is absolutely gorgeous. Its very clean and well kept. The plants and trees were great as it really gave the effect of a resort and kept it very private. We arrived about 15 minutes after opening and had no problem with finding a great spot to sit in the shade and didn't feel rushed at all. I was a bit sad that the woman that checked us in didn't give me a birthday lanyard and I later had to ask guest services for one. A different woman who brought us to the front was there to explain where to find certain things and what not but she ended every sentence with "im not too sure, ask guest services with questions" im assuming she was new but she didn't make me have much trust in the staff there. But besides those 2 instances, everything else was great! They do take your picture for your badge and a group shot at the entrance (which is included in your photo package if you get one) My parents did the underwater exploration and loved it! My mom has a condition in which she cant spend much time in the sun so this was perfect for her. She said you can feed the fish and hold some horseshoe crabs and see the nurse sharks they have in another tank. My husband and I did the dolphin interaction and it was really amazing. I wouldn't do it again for the price but ive always wanted to do it. It was actually a bit intimidating being up close to such a large animal when you got in the water. We swam with Lester and the 2 women in our group where great at answering any questions we had. They even explained some of the scrapes and marks our dolphin had which is from other dolphins and other behaviors. We only got to "swim" with Lester for about 30 seconds and I wish that part was longer. But we did get to pet him and give him a hug and kiss. The dolphins seemed happy and if they didn't want to do the tricks they asked, they didn't which was nice to see that they aren't pushed. Lester did his own thing and it was hilarious. The water was colder than expected but you get used to it. Make sure you have other members of your family available to take pictures if you don't want to spend money on the package. We had planned ahead of time to buy them and weren't shocked by the prices but if you don't know how expensive they are, it could be very shocking. We got a basic package that included a picture frame. One of our pictures had a line form the printer on it and they had no problem reprinting it. They also give you HD version of the pictures but I found the non HD pictures looked better both quality and color wise. The HD looked too sharp to be honest haha. The snorkeling was really fun too, I wasn't prepared for how huge the sting rays were! I was a bit scared even! the reef itself is a lot darker than the website pictures so I was a bit disappointed in that. make sure you buy your underwater cameras beforehand! They were 20 bucks at the gift shop! Again, this water is MUCH colder than the river area but you have to just dive in! The lazy river and the otters where really nice and warm. We got to see the otters being fed! Make sure you bring your snorkel materials for this part because we missed out on a lot of underwater otter action. And I had already used up my underwater camera. I wish I had spent more time in the lazy river though, it felt so nice. There was a lot of bird poop in the water but I guess that's to be expected. The bird area was ok, probably my least favorite part. They didn't land on you but I did feed a bird or two by walking up to them. It was still fun though. The free alcoholic drinks where surprisingly alcoholic. After 2 small cups I felt a little something. I couldn't see drinking more because they are very sugary and dense. I personally would have gotten gut rot quickly if I was trying for anything more than a small buzz. Beer and wine might be different but im not a fan of those. The food was good and I got to eat macaroni and chocolate cake for my birthday lunch! (I sound like a 5 year old) The lunch line was a bit longer than I would have liked but that was because they have a more customizable lunch. The breakfast was also pretty good! I ate way more than I should have :) be careful of the birds eating your food! A lot of people commented on here about how they liked that it wasn't crowded but I was a bit surprised. It still felt sort of like a park and the gift shop/food area tended to get quiet congested at certain times. So that, the weird service in the morning, and the short dolphin ride/price knock this rating down from a 5 star experience. I was unaware that this was owned by seaworld which may have swayed me from going but the park was beautiful and the animals seemed very well taken care of. I will definitely go back! Best birthday ever!
Leave it to the British to walk around with popped collars, short shorts and  fanny packs like they are the coolest thing since sliced bread... This is what I like to call the ultimate experience in theme park hospitality.  Fear not fellow yelpers, because you can trust that the dollars you spend to get in here will be reflected in the level of service you receive! The highlights Include: -Crowd Control: They only let a limited number of people into the park each day.  The only real lines you will have to wait in are for food during breakfast and lunch. -Get a full body or sleeveless wetsuit to begin your experience! (Locker rooms with shampoo, soap and conditioner are available for use. They have towels, and plastic bags for your wet clothes as well!) -The layout of the property resembles a beach experience.  Beach chairs are located everywhere and you can get in the water or simply lay out and relax! -Large Breakfast (Eggs, sausage, ham, cereal, fruit, etc) & lunch (Burgers, fries, chicken tenders, cheesecake, fruit etc.) provided -Unlimited Beer (Michelob Ultra, Budlight w/ Lime, Budweiser, etc.), Wine & Jose Cuervo Margaritas starting at 11am. (Found at Snack Bars) - Pretzels, chips, Ice Cream -Lazy river littered with artifacts and the occasional waterfall.  (No fish)(life vests and noodles provided) -Aviary with a variety of tropical birds ranging from peacocks to parrots. (food to feed the birds is provided.  The birds literally land on your shoulder or outstretched hand and feast). - Group Dolphin Interaction (*If you paid for it in advance*. Some people think its a 1 on 1 experience but it's a small group experience. ) -The coral reef snorkeling experience (My favorite).  A coral reef experience where you can snorkel with tons of tropical fish and sting rays.  The water can get fairly deep, allowing you to dive down and immerse yourself among the schools of fish.  Definitely a fun experience. -The newest addition to the park has an area where you can view otters and small monkeys. The bottom line is that this place is a go at your own pace type of escape.  If you are in a much needed break from your daily Central Florida routine or coming to town and considering what parks to visit, I would definitely give you "the green light" on Discovery Cove!
I second what Paul F. said. Although the price is a bit steep, it's worth every penny. After you pay the admission fee, everything else (except souvenirs and mixed drinks) is included! I do recommend getting there early though to book your dolphin swim; it fills up extremely fast so even if you get there around 10, you're looking at a mid-afternoon swim. The best part is the exclusivity. They only sell 1000 or so tickets a day, so you won't see all the overcrowding of the Disney and Universal parks there. Breakfast runs until 10:30AM and then they close for 30 minutes to set up lunch which runs 11-3. The stuff they offer for lunch is awesome. I highly recommend the cobb salad (it's jam packed with egg, Gorgonzola cheese, ham, and corn as well as lettuce); they offer everything from hot dogs and chicken fingers to salmon and pasta so there's something to suit every taste. We originally went on Friday and got to swim with the fish and the stingrays, feed the birds in the aviary, and float on the lazy river. However the rain postponed our dolphin swim and we had plans for later that evening, so we asked to reschedule. Today, sunday, we were able to schedule a dolphin swim for 10AM and it was great. We got to touch, feed, and ride about 50 feet or so on a dolphin (well, technically you hold on to him/her and they pull you but enough with the technicalities). Definitely an awesome relaxing resort type experience.
CRAZY expensive, but an awesome experience. We booked our day weeks in advance and watched the weather as our visit approached, worried about the calls for rain.  Even though the weather was not looking good, we decided to go. On arrival, there was an abundance of staff on hand to guide us in and answer questions.  The receptionist advised us that they were expecting rain and asked if we wanted to reschedule for free.  We told her we were going to tough it out and continue with the visit. On entering the park, again, the staff were friendly and informative guiding us every step of the way.  The process of getting in and getting our gear and lockers was quick and painless.   The rain worked in our favour as there were fewer people at the park than normal.  There were absolutely no lines for anything.  The food was fine and the ability to walk out of the water, walk right up to a pavilion and grab an included drink and snack before jumping back into the water was fantastic.   The dolphin experience was a highlight with the kids.  We had the chance to interact with two dolphins and everyone got a ride. Although expensive, it was a great time and we are all very happy we went,  The only downsides of the day were with the photo and videos.  The packages are ridiculously expensive, and as they don't let you use their own camera in the dolphin cove, you are pretty much stuck with their prices if you want a memento.   They tell you that if you buy the package, you will get a CD with all of the photos their photographers take of you during the day.  Unfortunately, there were very few photographers around, so we had two other family shots added.  The photos were good, but the video was disappointing.  The videographer was standing at the side of the group, so the only person visible was the guest at the end of the line, which more often than not was someone we didn't know.  The audio track was replaced with some horrible computer generated music which kills the experience  a bit.  The quality of the video is also not that great and the intro clip appears to have been formatted for web based viewing instead of a big screen. All in all, it was a great day with our kids rating it higher than Disney.  They are now patiently waiting for their baby sister to be old enough so we can all go again.
Visiting Disney this week.  Planned a non-Disney event at Discovery Cove.  Best decision ever!!!  Discovery Cove is amazing.  Dolphins are so adorable.  Great food and great staff.  Our new, favorite vacation destination.
I went with a group of ten and we all had an amazing time. The only reason that I'm not giving it five stars is that the dolphin swim was disappointingly short. The dolphin interaction was great overall, with plenty of time to touch the dolphin, feed it, and see it up close. The trainers were friendly and knowledgeable. The only disappointing part was the actual swim, where they take you out in the deep water and let the dolphin pull you back to shore. Unfortunately it only lasts about thirty seconds. It was one of the best thirty seconds of my life, but it was frustrating; I wanted to do it a second, third, tenth time! Overall, the dolphin experience was more satisfying than the other one I tried at the Atlantis resort, since you do get much more face time. The most amazing part of the park was the coral reef. This amazing snorkeling area has dozens of sting rays and manta rays, tropical fish so tame you can touch them, and hundreds of varieties of corals and tropical plants. The water is chilly at first, which is a shame, but you are provided with a wetsuit, (which helps), and you quickly acclimate to the water once you're fully immersed. The view is amazing. I was in the water for hours and only left so I wouldn't miss my dolphin experience. The lazy river is a lot of fun. Grab a float vest and a snorkel and enjoy. It's deep enough to be entertaining, and goes through the aviary, where you can see birds nesting in the trees above you. The aviary is fantastic, with hundreds of birds flying around and even landing on you to eat the provided cups of food. There are handy guide books on lanyards which you can carry to help identify the different species. I touched a quail, a parrot, and a peacock! There are plenty of chairs on the beach to sit and relax, get some sun, and watch your family. All the food and beer you want is included in the ticket price. Yes... ALL YOU CAN DRINK BEER!!! The buffet serves a wide variety of items, sure to please everyone, and was surprisingly good. There are great souvenir shops and a photo service. I would strongly suggest you buy the CD of your dolphin experience. The pictures come out great, but don't bother with the DVD, it's crappy and boring and a waste of money. It doesn't have audio, just some cheesy music playing. The first ten minutes of the DVD is like a time-sharel commercial for Discovery Cove.
If you've ever dreamed of swimming with rays, dolphins, and other creatures, this is a great place to do that! I've been twice and would go again in a heartbeat. It's one of those awesome parks where everything is my favorite. I love everything. It's also a fantastic opportunity for those of us who are sensitive to chlorinated pools to swim in alternative water. If you already know how to snorkel, even better, and swimming too. They do provide life vests too. I adore the sting rays pool. They are so friendly and come right up to you! I never thought I'd be loving on sting rays -- they are soft and very cute! I also love the huge ones in the larger swimming area. How many people get to say that they swam with a baby hammerhead shark?! (Don't worry: the potentially dangerous sharks are behind a glass wall.) The endless river is beautiful and fun. Don't forget to check out the aviary -- missed that first time we were there and it is precious. If you love birds and love them eating out of your hand, hang out there for a while. Don't forget the camera! The dolphin swim is very short -- you don't get to actually swim with a dolphin for a half hour, which is how they make it sound. You swim with the dolphin for a few seconds. The whole thing is a half hour, half of which is watching a video, and the rest is mostly standing in the water while you see the trainer have the dolphins do cool tricks. Still, we found it worthwhile to do once. The picture of me kissing my dolphin is one of my most cherished possessions and best memories. It didn't take any time to fall in love both with my dolphin friend, Yoko, and also her trainer-person (don't remember his name but what a doll!) Yoko with rosy cheeks and huge smile. Tried to visit with her on our most recent trip, but she was on break -- oh well! If you're a sucker for doing things alongside and with animals instead of just looking at them through walls and cages, make sure to include a day here when you're in the area. Take advantage of the limited number of people they allow each day by making your reservation early so you won't be disappointed. I really appreciated the souvenir photo they took the first time we went, although didn't buy it the second time. The quality of the pictures is quite high. I highly recommend bringing a waterproof camera. We got some fantastic snorkeling shots of the wildlife, and the stingrays surrounding our feet in the little pool! The last time we were there, we noticed losers putting out their cigarettes in the flower beds. (If that's you, you're scum!) I made a complaint to the management, who took it seriously, apologized, and resolved to be get the staff on board to be more vigilant to that kind of behavior for the sake of all the guests, not to mention the animals. If you don't care too much for sea life, swimming, or birds, this park will probably seem like a waste of money, but if you like those things, the price tag is worth it. There just isn't anything like it.
I was hesitant to go here due to some reviews from fellow helpers, I am glad I did. Ok, let's start with the fact that I do agree that u get very little time with the dolphins, but I wouldn't complain about this. Every place you go to swim with dolphins you will be in a group and you will get more or less the same amount of time. The price is also pretty much the same as other places. I have read here that the service sucks, I disagree. Everyone was friendly and knew their subjects. The trainers were all smiles and treated the animals well. The reef where you can swim with fish and stingrays is awesome. They have a huge variety. You can see some sharks through the glass as well. Spent the rest of the day here. The lazy river was good, heated water and you pass by the aveiry. I also read that the food was bad, I HIGHLY disagree. The pulled BBQ pork burger was delicious. We also had fries, cheeseburger, Mac n cheese, chicken tenders, desserts. Everything was really good and included in the price. We had more food than we could eat. Florida residents get discount prices. All in all, I would deffinetely do this again.
The first thing I thought when buying my tickets (way far in advance) was holy cow, this is expensive. The first thing I thought when entering Discovery Cove was holy cow, this is totally worth it! If you have enough disposable income to enjoy a day at Discovery Cove, do it!  You are treated like royalty the moment you walk through the door.  The check-in process was painless and I found myself inside enjoying a delicious breakfast before I knew it.  You are assigned a time to swim with a dolphin and the rest of the day is yours to explore.  One of the things I liked most was not having to worry about finding a seat because there were plenty of them, and not hoards of rude people everywhere moving your stuff.  The snacks and drinks (alcoholic too) really are unlimited.  My lunch was pretty good, my 3 glasses of wine along with lunch made it even better. The aviary was tons of fun and there are photographers around taking pictures whenever you need them.  Once you hail one over to you, they know to keep snapping pictures for you the rest of the day.  The lazy river was surprisingly long, though I wish they had rafts or inner tubes to float on, not just noodles.  The new reef was awesome!  Swimming with huge sting rays is a little scarey, but totally cool. The best part (obviously) was the dolphin interaction.  I wish it lasted a little longer, but you have plenty of time to linger around the coves and watch other people's encounters too.  I suggest using that time to snap some of your own photos and videos since you can't take your cameras in the water with you.  I hope to come back again in the future!
I can't say enough good things about this place. While pricey, it's seriously, worth every penny. The park features, the dolphin excusion, a sting ray pool, a man-made coral reef with tropical fish and sting rays, a bird aviary and a lazy river. All you need to do is show up in a bathing suit with some sun block and a change of close. Lockers are provided for free. They give you a snorkel and a wet suit or vest to wear throughout the day. Breakfast and lunch is provided. You need to show up around 8am to get a reasonable dolphin swim time. We showed up around 8:20am and our dolphin swim was scheduled for 11:50am. Something to note, we went during the spring, apparently dolphins like to mate in the springtime. So our time was pushed back about 30 minutes due to some heavy flirtation going on with one of the dolphins in our pool. Which wasn't really a big deal, the trainers gathered our group and fielded questions about dolphins, we learned a lot, so if was fun. But that's just something to keep in mind if you're planning a trip in the spring. The dolphin swim was great, they break you up into 4 groups of about 7-8 people. Each group gets a dolphin to play with. You get to pet the dolphin, kiss the dolphin, hug the dolphin, feed and ride the dolphin. During this time, photos and videos are being taken for purchase later. (this is the only hidden cost during the day, we thought the pictures were a little pricey, but worth the money since it's a once and a lifetime experience). We really enjoyed the bird aviary, there were tons of really unique birds in there. They provided cups of food so you could get up close and personal with the birds. Just make sure you look up so you dont' get poo'd on! :) The lazy river was pretty cool. There were a lot of kids, but that didn't stop us from enjoying it. Overal I would totally recommend Discovery Cove to anyone who likes animals. With the ticket you also get a free pass to any of the affiliated parks either, Busch Gardens, Sea World or Aquatica. We chose Sea World and it was awesome. More on that later....
We took a long weekend after a conference and went to Discovery Cover on the recommendation of some friends who'd been there.  We did have a good time and were grateful that it was off season and only at about 2/3 capacity.  Had they been at full capacity (about 1200 people)  it would have sucked - a lot.   Imagine all those folks crowded in the water with you and the fishies!  Blah! That said, it was relaxing to swim with the fishes and really great to have everything included.  Yes including beer and sunscreen. ;-)  We planned on spending the whole day there but were totally knackered by 2pm (beer, food, swimming, repeat).  No dolphin experience for us - it looked kind of pathetic actually. The food is not all that great (breakfast was a carb fest) but I recall the lobster salad was pretty tasty and if you found something you really liked, you could go back for more. I'm not itching to go back any time soon but it was a nice Sunday afternoon in late September.
Being from Miami, it's hard to justify spending $200 per person (FL resident rate) to see things we have in our backyards. However, as a once-in-a-lifetime sort of adventure, really just to have the dolphin experience, it is worth it. The dolphin encounter is really where your money is worth it. It is an amazing experience, one that I will probably never forget. They are such fascinating, intelligent and powerful animals. It is just majestic to be so close to them in the water. They state that the encounter is 30 minutes, which you are in the water close to the dolphin for 30 minutes or more, however your actual face-to-face time with the dolphin is really only a few short times, depending on who you go into the water with. I went with my family on Memorial Day and no one else wanted to do the dolphin experience with me, so I ended up going into the water with another family. I think this did lessen the experience a little for me, as I was ignored a little while the others ooed and awwed over the dolphin. Discovery Cove did do a good job of calling me up and making sure I got my time, too. You are given the chance to give a few commands to the dolphin, such as opening their mouth, talking, giving you a kiss, and a big jump at the end. You will rub the belly, the tail and the dorsal fin. And at the very end, you will swim out into the middle of the lagoon, wait for the dolphin to come pick you up and he will pull you back to shore. Make sure that you or your children are not afraid of deep water, as this swim out to the middle of the lagoon is in extremely deep water. Children and anyone who doesn't know how to swim should use a full lifevest. Discovery Cove requires you to wear wet-suit vests throughout the park, however these do not help you float. After the dolphin experience, there are actually only a few things to do. The lazy river is fun for a little while, especially as it goes through the aviary. The lazy river is not like at other water parks, though. They do not have innertubes nor do they give you any flotation device other than a noodle or lifejacket. Also, the water gets up to eight feet deep in some parts of the river, so my grandmother (who does not swim) was very afraid. I swim very well and did not have any problems, other than the water being extremely hot. The coral reef is really nice, and again very deep, but the water is much cooler and more refreshing. There are not as many colorful fish as I would have expected, and the coral was not colorful either, but they have huge eagle rays (at least eight to ten feet wide) that sit along the bottom. They have certain times of the day where they feed the rays so you can see them closer. The ray pool is very small, with only a few rays. I've swam with stingrays before, so we only spent a couple of minutes here, but a lot of children had fun here as the water is very shallow and the rays are small, so not as intimidating. The aviary was really nice, giving you food to feed the birds. Go early, as otherwise the birds are so full that they ignore you. Go by land first, feed the birds, take your pictures, and then later go through the aviary on the lazy river. Some of the water birds will dive down into the river while you're swimming, which is really fun. They also have a male and female peacock, which make lots of noise and court each other constantly through the day. The food is okay, nothing spectacular, but normal theme park choices. There are a few extras for lunch that were interested, namely the baked salmon, which were a little better than decent. Overall, make sure to get to the park as early as possible. 8:30 AM is late, you will be waiting in line and won't get a good dolphin swim time. And once you're in the park, run first to get a locker and then to eat. There are not enough lockers when the park is full, and they are really handy for watching your things while you're off enjoying the park. Also, if you have a AAA membership, you can get a discount by buying the tickets through them. You will have to go into the AAA store to pick them up, though. And book early, as the dolphin swim tickets sell out quickly. My mother had changed her mind once we got there and wanted to upgrade her ticket, but they told her it would be an extra $180 additional per person from what she had already paid ($125 FL resident rate) to swim with the dolphin.
Lush, tropical landscaping, sparkling, crystal clear water and exotic wildlife greet you as you walk into Discovery Cove. It's an amusement park and luxurious vacation rolled into one. Reservations are required but so worth it. Everything is paid for up front so you don't have to worry about lugging around your wallet every where you go. Admission is limited to a very specific amount of guests per day so you don't have to worry about lengthy lines. And the food is delicious. I worked there one summer, right when they opened and we were given the opportunity to enjoy the park one day as a guest. It was amazing. Beautiful birds greet you as you enter the park and receive a group photo. They have an aviary stocked with birds, a lazy river where you can snorkel with all types of fish and of course the highlight - swimming with dolphins. While the price may be slightly high, it's worth it. All park employees are given extensive training in customer satisfaction so you'll always be greeted by friendly and helpful staff. It's an exotic paradise oasis in the middle of amusement park alley.
can't say much that hasn't already been said about this wonderful place. I can guarantee this will be your best experience in the Orlando area, bar none. My girlfriend and I started our day by arriving very early and were scheduled for a 9:30am dolphin swim. The check-in process was very easy and simple. We just showed our ID and were given the option of attaching a credit card number to our ID tag. This makes it very simple to purchase souveniers and photos without having to get your wallet or purse out of our locker. Discovery Cove also attaches a little map to your lanyard which makes it simple to navigate the modest sized park. When we arrived at our cabana to gear up for our dolphin swim we were given the option of a full wet-suit or a swim vest. We both went with vests and were glad we did so. They were much easier to take off when we were not in the water (You are required to wear the vest or suit in any water) and the water was not cold enough to validate choosing the wet suit. The swim was a fun and unique experience. Like most others, we would have loved to spend more time with the dolphin but we had done our research and were prepared for the brief encounter. The dolphins performed basic tricks, allowed us to kiss her for a photo op, and dragged us through the water for a short distance. This was well worth the money. The food was another distinct difference between this attraction and other Orlando area parks. All food and drink is free and included in the ticket price. The refreshing part was that the food was actually good! The breakfast was nothing to write home about but the lunch and beverage options were great. There was rotisserie and grilled chicken, glazed salmon, and superb salads. There were also old favorite like burgers, hot dogs, and chicken fingers. My favorite part of the Cove was the stingray lagoon. It was amazing to swim alongside these unique animals admidst a natural coral reef setting. The resort pool was beautiful complete with a waterfall and the tropical river was relaxing and a good place to use the provided snorkeling gear. The aviary was also a great place to get some photos with rare and colorful birds. The staff was EXCELLENT. I had read some reviews stating the staff was inattentive but I found the opposite true. Everyone from lifeguards to lobby personnel was friendly and willing to answer questions. To sum up, I would absolutely suggest this to anyone willing to pay an initially high cost. Believe me, you will feel this is well worth the cost once you spend a day here.
Yes, it's expensive. No way around it - it just is. But, I'm telling you, it's worth it. In an ocean of crowded amusement parks, long lines, crappy food and indifferent staffers, this place is playing a different game. We went to Discovery Cove on the last day of our vacation - perfect. Your ticket includes entry to the park, a ticket to another Sea World park for 14 days before or after your Cove visit, snorkel/mask, locker, wetsuit or vest, breakfast, lunch, snacks and all beverages, alcoholic and otherwise. There are no lines, no waiting, no bumping into people trying to make your way around. You can....relax. The day, in summary.... You roll in and are greeted and directed to check in where some nice person hands you access cards and tells you when you'll be swimming with the dolphins. Noon, for us. We walked to the aviary first - the staff hands you a bowl of bird food and you wander in and are set upon by birds. The fluttering is a surprise at first and the more skittish peeps might not like it, (my wife), but you get used to it. The birds will sit on you and feed from the bowl. We then went the lazy river. It is indeed lazy - the current isn't taking you anywhere - enjoyable. We then went to our dolphin encounter - those have been described at length in nearly every review, so I won't go into it. The staff is great and the experience is what it should be. After the encounter, you get to view the pictures - you will buy some whether you think you will or not. Apres Flipper, we went to the newly opened Reef. Basically, an open cove with coral, fish, hordes of very large rays and even some sharks behind glass. Spectacular. Our seven-year old daughter absolutely loved the experience - so did I. My advice - buy yourself a small waterproof Flip-style videocamera. I used a $110 Kodak Playsport zx5 and the videos from the Reef are great. Some hours at the Reef, another trip down the lazy river and some lunch and we killed the entire day. If you're hitting SeaWorld or looking something to do in Orlando  that doesn't involve a giant mouse, I highly recommend Discovery Cover. I believe it's a once-in-a-lifetime thing. I don't think we have to ever go back, but it was a wonderful experience. And for that, it's actually quite the bargain.
I'm not into the theme park thing.  In fact, I'd avoid them altogether.  But Discovery Cove is a noteworthy destination overall if you HAD to use time in a theme park kind of way in Orlando. The biggest plus to me is the restriction to 1,000 guests per day.  While that doesn't exactly create an intimate atmosphere, it does significantly decrease likelihood of tourist mayhem and overload. The 'theme' is aquatic... and somewhat active, which is unusual in an otherwise passive (you can watch, but not touch) world of theme park experiences.  You can swim all day, be one with the fishes (in the live and good sense!), marvel at a wonderful aviary (I think the unsung hero feature of the park). Hefty admission fee does get you *everything* you need to enjoy the pools all day, unlimited supply of snacks (crappy/sugary grocery packaged selections, and maybe some token fruit), and a full lunch (merely edible). Like sister park Sea world, DC is owned by Anheuser-Busch, so don't expect craft brew on draft here. You do get free admission to Sea World with your DC ticket, so I have to admit it's a pretty good deal, esp. if you book the non-dolphin swim package. The dolphin swim option costs an extra $100pp and it's something I would never even think to purchase (I'd rather wait and take my .001% chance of an encounter in the wild, thank you).  For that, you really only get about 15 minutes in the water close to the dolphin, and you get only six actual interactions with a dolphin.  Some may measure that as worthwhile, all right.  But I'm more peeved by the thought of spending more time in marketing-injected briefings before and after the swim.  All told,  my mom, sister and niece all truly enjoyed their experience with it. Tip:  if you must bring your own sunblock, look up their website and be sure to choose one they approve for use in their pools, carefully selected for the health of the marine life)
If this was the first thing I did in Orlando, I probably would have given this place 2...maybe 3 stars.....but after walking for 9 hours the day before at Universals....Discovery Cove was bliss. Food isn't gourmet or anything but hey...it's free. Eat some food [breakfast, lunch and snacks FREE], lounge around, take a nap, have a beer, swim in the coral reef, touch some rays, walk around in the aviary, float in the lazy river [SO RELAXING]. It IS a small place so I get why people might feel limited. The dolphin swim was 1 star [i swam with dolphins in Cancun and they actually let you spend more one on one time with the dolphin]. Discovery Cover could definitely use some improvement in this area. My Favorite Part: Snorkeling :) The coral reef was small, but it was still an experience. They have these huge and i'm talking about HUGE manta rays that actually swim side by side with you and just seeing how large and beautiful they are really take your breath away. There are also 2 glass sections in the reef where they keep the sharks and barracudas and it's an adrenaline rush. You definitely can't see the glass so it's creepy seeing sharks swimming straight at you or a barracuda just staring at you on the other side. Biggest PRO about Discovery Cove: ....if it's hot which it probably is because Orlando is always hot....Discovery Cove is a great escape from the heat!
Wondering WHY I have never heard of this place til my BF took me here!! Some serious fun for all ages!! Go early to get a good time for your Dolphin swim. And get the body suit not the vest....it keeps you warmer b/c the sting ray pool is freeeeezing and who knew it kept your whole body afloat!! This makes it sooo easy to swim & enjoy the sting rays especially. They have really thought of it all and made it easy & fun. Love this place! The pool of sting rays is amazing! I was leery about swimming w/the dolphins only b/c I was thinking these poor cute animals must be working & giving "rides" all day, but once my hour came they educated us on how well they are taken care of & only really work very little since they rotate the dolphins. Dolphins were wayy cute & a must do. If you go early you can enjoy this place in half a day. Definite must do in Orlando!!
The beginning of the end of a special experience where the sea and bird lifes health was as paramount as folks having a  good time. Wow, things have changed since we started coming here 5 years ago. There was a "coral" reef that although, not super wide, was deeper and had beautiful underwater views of the Many stingrays that easily glided deep below you. People seemed more reverent and would float quietly in the water with the many fish and not scare them. It has now turned into a small child magnet and everyone trounced around with minimal chastising from the staff when people try to chase or grab at the fish in the water. They also used to require that folks not use their own sunscreen so as to not put additional Chemicals in the water. They don't require that now. The lovely reef I used to swim In has been replaced by a bigger, more shallow reef where stingrays have not to many places to get away from people trying to grab at them. Oh yeah, while Before you were NOT allowed to touch the stingrays....you may now pet them all you wish as they swim by you. Yes folks...there are new owners of this Facility. It is now owned by a theme park mogul...and already the business model is changing...and I am not convinced for the better. Additionally, word has it that the max limit of 1000 guests per day may change. (big surprise...not) So, remember this special and unique experience that was, and know that over time, it may now be transformed into another glorified theme park where they must soak you for every dollar and where they cater to children only ($$$) and where the sealife is secondary to your child having a good time. The new coral reef is a huge disappointment...unless you are under 12.  And the fish look stressed. Bye bye DC.
I'm just not feeling all the warm and fuzzy feelings and all the "Oooohs" and "Aaaahs" like all the reviews tell me I am suppose to. Basically it is a water park. Outside of the dolphin experience, a very boring one. It is a lagoon with a strangely deep lazy river. There are some stingrays and tropical fish you can stand in freezing waist deep water and look at too. The dolphin interaction was honestly nothing special. You watch a video then a trainer takes you in the water where you have basically a meet and greet with a dolphin for 30 minutes. You get to pet it and take a HUGE amount of pics with it and then you can go out in the water and it will pull you about 15-20 feet back to where you were. That's it. The food was included which was a big plus considering the whole life changing experience cost over 300.00.
I have lived in Orlando, FL for 16 years...being 10 mintues from Discovery Cove and had NEVER been until last weekend. I must say I definitely was missing out. We got an amazing deal being Florida Residents. Some people say the swimming with dolphins wasn't included but when I called apparently it is unless for Florida Res its automatically included. Anyways, as soon as we walked in we were checked in and given ID badges. We then walked through a lovely jungle like walkway to get greeted by photographers who took a complementary picture of my family and I. On the way into the park we were greeted by numerous employees asking if we wanted to eat breakfast or grab our gear first...We chose breakfast and that was delicious. They have an assortment of foods like eggs, sausage, bacon, french toast, pastries, OJ, and other drinks. After we grabbed our snorkels, wet suits, and jackets. We easily found a nice spot infront of the dolphins and we didn't have to fight for a seat because the usual water parks are so packed. Our dolphin time was real early at 9:35 so not long after we arrived we were already seeing the dolphins. The experience was undescribable. The next activities included a lazy river and the coral reef which was one of my fav's! I knew we would snorkel and see fish but didn't realise huge stingrays would be swimming around us! We were swimming with stingrays being able to touch them. One of the deals we thought was amazingly cheap were the photos. We purchased the most expensive package of $159 which included 5 or so pictures and 2 keychains along with a digital CD. The CD includes ALL pictures taken in the park that day. You can have as many professional pictures taken as you please and it is no extra cost to the CD. One picture I found great was the underwater one in the coral reef in which you can see my sister and I underwater with stingrays and fish around us. I reccomend this to ANYONE :) I had an amazing time and will be coming back at least once every year
The most fabulous park I have ever been to, hands down. This is not your average aquarium/attraction. The park restricts the amount of visitors per day, so you must make reservations. However, this means its never crowded. Admission is expensive but it includes a lot: a week pass to Sea World, towels, snorkel gear, wet suit, sunblock, and lunch. (And the lunch was quite good and far above average for usual park food.) They offer a swim with the dolphins expierience which is why I went, but you don't have to do that if you don't want to. However, it was a chance of a lifetime. The staff was professional, and the experience was fantastic. They also have a coral reef complete with sharks (safely kept in another tank) and a feed the rays pool which you stand in. They also have an aviary which you can feed the birds. In addition there's a lazy river in which you can float right under/through the aviary. This all added up to an incredible unforgettable experience that I would recommend to anyone, anywhere.
Had the best day of my life here today! I went with my family of four and we had SO much fun. My sister and I swam with dolphins; what an experience! The encounter was up close and personal. We got to pet the dolphin (who's name is Yoko), watch her do tricks and respond to our hand gestures, feed her, go for a little ride while holding on to her fin, and at end take pictures while kissing her! Such an amazing memory we will cherish forever. The facility was spotless, beautiful and easy to navigate. They had a lazy river type swimming area where you get goggles and a snorkel and head down the freshwater chlorinated river through a bird sanctuary with peacocks and other exotic birds. Along the river there were glass separators and inside were sea otters! We did this twice. We got complimentary breakfast, lunch, snacks, and drinks (alcohol included!). Everyone was so nice and friendly, would definitely go back if I had the chance. There was one downside: hairy Europeans in speedos! Yucko.
This is a fun place if a) you don't mind the expense and b) you don't get an unseasonably cold day. Unfortunately I don't think $250 per person plus the cost of any souvenir photos, which they push on you immediately after your dolphin swim even if you have to use the restroom really really bad, is worth it. You don't get that much interaction with the dolphin, and you don't get to choose your swim time. So if you arrive early, you will have an early swim, and if you arrive later, well obviously your swim will be scheduled for later. I wish I had known that when we were assigned the first dolphin swim when it was 65 degrees out. The wetsuits only help so much! That being said, it is nice that they limit visitors to 1000 per day and the lazy river is nice. I especially enjoyed the bird aviary, probably because by that time I had changed into dry clothes! You get to feed the birds and they are super cute. I'd categorize this place as somewhere you have to visit just once, but I wouldn't go back. SeaWorld, on the other hand, well I'd be there every day if I lived nearby.
A truly is an experience of a lifetime!!! I gotta give this place my only 5-star rating... Very intrigued by the hype in yelp, but I have to say...a very well-deserved high ratings for this place. In the beginning, I thought it was pricey but when all is done --WOW!!! -- worth every penny!!! It's a place for all ages. My kids loved it, and not to mention my husband whom I can't even pull out  from swimming with the stingrays to get something to eat!!! Service is Top A!!!  Amenities is Prime!!!  Restrooms and Showers are very clean. Everything is provided for you down to your shampoo, body gel, sunblock,... All Day Food and Snacks -- Awesome!!! (yes, even cocktails/beer) Would highly recommend this park...
Fantastic park with incredible service! After dealing with the Disney lines this place is an extra slice of heaven with no lines, no waiting in a comfortable atmosphere. Breakfast and lunch were great quality. Not inexpensive but for a once in a lifetime swim with the dolphins experience well worth the price. I made plans for the late afternoon elsewhere and ended up wishing we hadn't as the park is quiet and enjoyable.
Reservations are required but so worth it. Everything is paid for up front so you don't have to worry about lugging around your wallet every where you go. Admission is limited to a very specific amount of guests per day so you don't have to worry about lengthy lines. And the food is not bad. This is a mini escape from the tiring full days at Orlando's theme parks. I think the dolphin swim is over rated and glad I did not buy for family Plus after you pay they try to upsell you on swimming with the dolphins in which you don't.  You wade in knee deep water and get to watch the dolphins do tricks.  I did the same thing from shore about 6 feet behind the people that paid for it. We came here the last week of Febuary and it was a nice relaxing day with the all u can drink beer and margaritas on tap. IT WAS SNOWING BACK HOME and today was a nice 77 degrees at Discovery cove
This place is AWESOME! I was there back in September and did the whole Orlando theme park vacation (disney etc...) Anyways! My girlfriend and I happened to stumble upon this place prior to leaving.  We had to debate about it for a few days only because the price was kind of high for us...Not sure extactly how much...Well WE WENT FOR IT! We did the whole shabang! Dolphin interaction and all! Trust me its worth it! It may sound expensive, and it is, but when you walk inside and stand on the beach and see everyone playing witht he dolphins, youre going to be swimming in a big pile of REGRET! The whole place is amazing!   The water is soo clear! and the sand is all white and soft! Beware though... the water is cooooooolldd! I got the half wetsuit so it wasnt too bad. The food is awesome! its all FREE along with the alochol... YES you read that correctly... FREE ALCOHOL ALL DAY! You get the keep your snorkel too! All in all its a great place! They have a bird sanctuary too! you get to feed all these exoctic birds and take pics with them! be sure to book in advance! do not put it off! it does fill up and they only let in 1000 people per day! good luck! have fun!
If you want to spend $400 bucks for a water park that closes at 5pm, then this place is for you. PROS: EVERYTHING IS INCLUDED IE PARKING, FOOD, SNACKS, SNORKEL GEAR COVE IS FILLED WITH FISH...STINGRAY, TROPICAL FISH, CORALS, SHARKS & EELS (ENCLOSED OF COURSE) CONS: BEER AND WINE ONLY (NO HARD LIQUOR) FOOD TASTES LIKE PLANE FOOD (STOPS SERVING FOOD AT 3PM) NOT INCLUDED UNDERWATER TOUR SWIMMING WITH THE DOLPHINS PICTURES TIP: BRING AN UNDERWATER CAMERA CHAPSTICK (the salt water gets crazy) Let me do the low down for you...I read great reviews about this place so a group of 8 tickets on a friday was around 1g (yes, one thousand dollars) that's a lot riding on my planner shoulders. We get there and had to wait in front of I guess a hostess to get pointed towards a check in person. Weird, yes it was. We do a lengthy walk to the actual beach area and take a group picture, which is free. Overall, the lazy river isn't so lazy..there isn't a pump that helps you through the river like wild rivers or raging waters. The place is SMALL...Overall, if you want to spend $140 to swim in an AMAZING beach coral fish area then this place is for you. No water rides..NOTHING.
This is a mini escape from the tiring full days at Orlando's theme parks. My boyfriend is obsessed with marine life so I decided to reserve two spots to Discovery Cove during our visit to Florida. We went during the off season (September) so the tickets were relatively cheaper ($199 per person). This place literally feels like a mini resort attraction for adults. Of course it's enjoyable for the young ones as well, but definitely more relaxing than thrilling. With your reservation you receive a 30 minute session to swim with dolphins, which is basically getting into groups and one by one swimming to the middle of their dolphin pool and being dragged by their fin back to your original meeting area. You get to see them perform tricks and interact with the trainers in arms length away. Other than swimming with dolphins, this park includes a giant pool area where you get to snorkel with all different kinds of fish including MASSIVE sting rays, an aviary area where you get to feed birds, and a lazy river. This place is great if you're intrigued by fish and looking for a relaxing "tropical" attraction. It cloes at 5pm and offers all day food, snack, and beer service. All in all, it's a bit pricey but definitely a nice break after two full days of Universal and Disney World. It felt like our mini honeymoon lol!
I was extremely impressed with Discovery Cove; the only reason I am withholding the fifth star was due to the prices for the photographs, as I'll note below. I've never been there before, but decided to take my girlfriend for her birthday.  It was fantastic!  Although expensive, keep in mind the price includes entry into SeaWorld anytime w/n 14 days of your visit to Discovery Cove, so you really get two days in two separate parks for the price of one admission.  Also, the price includes all-you-can-eat breakfast, lunch, snacks and beverages (including alcohol) throughout the day, as well as wetsuits to use in the water. The first thing I noted when we entered was the large ratio of employees to guests.  There are employees everywhere, and they were very helpful and accomodating.  After we did our check-in, we went for breakfast, and enjoyed scrambled eggs, french toast, hash browns, sausage, yogurt, fruit, cereal, coffee and juice, etc.  Lots of options, and while not gourmet, all were quite good considering it was mass-produced.  No complaints at all.  After breakfast, we got our lockers and selected our wetsuits.  Guests can opt for a wetsuit or a vest.  You are required to wear these in the water.  Then we went for a swim.  We were able to swim with stringrays and all sorts of fish, in a big coral reef.  They also gave us snorkels and goggles, so we were able to stay underwater and appreciate all the underwater sights; it was amazing! After this, we went for our dolphin swim (this costs extra).  They divided us into small groups and the trainers brought the dolphin over to each group.  We were all able to touch and interact with the dolphin, watch her do tricks, pose for photos with her, and then we each were able to hang on to her fins for a short swim across the water (the dolphin did all the work).  This was all awesome; the only thing I didn't like was the very high prices they charged for all the photos they took.  Of course, you don't have to pay for photos, but you cannot bring your own camera into the water for the dolphin interaction. Next, we had lunch.  Like breakfast, the lunch included many options, and all was of decent quality.  We enjoyed grilled talapia, pasta and meatballs, shrimp salad, veggies, various desserts, etc.  All quite good, unlimited, and with big portions. After lunch, we enjoyed the aviary.  There we were able to feed the various kinds of birds; the staff gives you birdfood and the birds literally land on your arm to eat, and they tolerate being petted.  This was a lot of fun! Next we viewed the otters and monkeys.  No interaction with them, but cool to see them.  We also walked around and enjoyed free snacks and beverages, including beer, wine, magaritas, slushies, etc. All told, Discovery Cove warrants all the 4 and 5 star reviews; I would highly recommend it.  Just be prepared to spend a lot if you want photos of yourself with the dolphins!
A chill, relaxing, "theme" park? Sign me up! Yes, it is expensive. And yes, you get what you pay for. And frozen margaritas on tap and included?! (There are few things in life equal to watching a slightly tipsy husband swim around a corner and think the sharks weren't behind glass - bahahaha, I nearly choked I was laughing through my snorkel so hard!) So backing it up a bit from the shark experience - buy your tickets early (especially during tourist season - go off season for an even better day, we went in November and the park was maybe 3/4 full, it was great!), and snag a dolphin swim for mid to late afternoon. You want to arrive first thing at 7:30 for check-in. Yes, that's early, but you're paying for the all inclusive day, so go for the whole day. If you roll up at 7:30, you'll have plenty of time to eat breakfast (think school lunch style cafeteria - included) apply your sunscreen (special kind that they give you safe for dolphins, don't put your own on!), pick out a locker (included), pick up vest or full body wet suit (required - you'll basically wear it all day in the water) before the water areas open up at 8:30. This is key to get the best out of your day! I'd recommend checking out the Grand Reef first thing, I mean as soon as they let you in, run for the reef and ignore everyone trying to catch a glimpse of dolphins. The reef gets pretty stirred up as the day goes on and everyone wakes the sting-rays up. If you want crystal clear pictures and a chance to explore without lots of children stomping around in the sandy shallows, go here first. That's what we did by accident and were thrilled we had seen it clear after seeing it in the afternoon. The reef is deep when you swim out and it's salt water so you're going to be pretty darn buoyant, pretty tricky to get to the bottom for pictures but also keeps people from messing up the scenery. You can swim around and around the circle with rays, they're practically unbothered by people and just seem to glide about their business. It's so much fun! Ok, so now that you've swum around the Grand Reef (and enjoyed the shocked look on anyone who didn't know sharks were in an underwater glass tank - swim counter clockwise for the full effect!) check in for your Dolphin swim and watch the safety video. Pretty basic stuff but worth the watch, I didn't know the dolphins prefer not to be touched near their heads (think of it as a human face, you probably wouldn't like strangers petting your face either), and it's best to pat their backs or sides. They'll also say anyone still wearing jewelry (don't wear jewelry to a water park) has to take it off, even if your jewelry "doesn't come off" they'll insist because the dolphins will come after it. They'll also come after things in your pockets, so make sure you drop all jewelry, cameras, etc. at your locker before the dolphin excursion, it will save you a headache. Then you get to stand around and interact with the dolphins! And then you get to hold onto a dolphin and let it swim you into shore! It's short and over quickly but a really fun experience to do at least once. After that, there are the other spots and the margarita taps to explore before another cafeteria style meal. Again, good to grab lunch early and beat the rush. The Wind Away River is kind of like a lazy river without tubes and there are spots that have fun things to look at under water and lots of falls and features to stop at. We brought an underwater camera with us and have lots of goofy pictures. Halfway-ish through the river are stairs leading to the aviary where you can feed birds that will land on your hand and eat out of a cup. If you go earlier here the birds will be hungrier and more apt to come down, we went much later in the day and had a few takers but not a whole bunch. There's a new feature area that's opened since we went, it looked pretty large so I'm hoping that will help fill out the day. We found we had done everything by about 1 and started repeating, and trying to come up with more ways to lounge around on the many many lounge chairs. It felt a little light activity wise for a whole day, so maybe the latest bit will be what it needs (or maybe we just did everything too fast in our rush of excitement). In addition to the tons (and tons!) of chairs, you can also rent a private cabana. We went when the park wasn't full, so it seemed like an unnecessary expense on top of the hefty admissions ticket and we had a great time without it. If you're going for a special occasion or just want some extra privacy, the cabana seems like the way to go, they're tucked away all over the resort and many are fully private. Photos! One more bit about photos and then I'll end this, they have people all over the resort snapping shots of you that you can buy at the end. Normally I'd gripe but the packages were reasonable and we bought a disc that had everything on it, even the dolphin shots. Woohoo!
Discovery Cove should be a model of how amusement parks should be run. My wife and I arrived in mid-morning and were immediately greeted by staff showing us where to go, what to do, etc. Very friendly and efficient. The park provided lockers, masks, snorkels, wetsuits, sunblock, towels, breakfast, lunch, lots of snacks and drinks, and even a great photo in the (admittedly high) price of admission. It was good to just enjoy the park without worrying about being nickeled and dimed to death. The park overall was well thought-out and beautifully designed. The aviary was amazing with its large number of birds. The reef was filled with many colorful fish and stingrays swimming amongst the fake coral. The lazy river was kind of fun, if drifting down a river holding onto a noodle is your idea of fun. So despite the praise, why do I only give it 4 stars? Because the park is tiny. We didn't pay the extra $150 to swim with the dolphins, so the reef, aviary and lazy river were the main attractions in our price range. I'm glad we arrived late morning, because by 4PM, we were clearly out of things to do. The marmoset exhibit will open in the summer, and I'm sure we'll bring our daughter back when she's old enough.
I really can't put into words how fantastic, amazing, wonderful, magical and above expectations Discovery Cove is. They had prescription goggles for those of us who wear glasses and wetsuits for those of us who are a little shy. Absolutely everything is included in the price and well worth every penny. Tons of helpful friendly staff. Great food, snacks and beverages all day long. positively unforgettable is the Grand Reef experience. I recommend wearing aqua shoes and bringing an underwater camera. Now stop reading reviews and go out there to grab your adventure!
Pretty sure this was one of the best days ever. My husband and I visited Discovery Cove during our honeymoon in Orlando. The staff literally could not do enough for you.  Breakfast and lunch were great and so were the included drinks all day. We had a cabana overlooking The Grand Reef that was spacious and comfortable.  We had a fridge which was stocked with bottled water and every kind of soda you could imagine.  They also supplied it with beer and wine throughout the day. We had a basket that was full of granola bars, chips, pretzels, etc. The dolphin swim was an unforgettable experience.  It lasted longer than I expected and for a group of eight people, I feel that everyone had lots of one-on-one, hands-on time with Cindy the dolphin who was very playful and engaged in interacting with us.  The whole experience was incredible. We loved the grand reef and the Wind Away River was fabulous.  We spent a good portion of our day there.  Nothing ever felt crowded.  We never waited in any kind of line whatsoever.  The guests there seemed to have above average etiquette as I noticed people stopped kicking while swimming by one another which was really, really nice. We did opt for the Elite Package on top of the ultimate package so we were fortunate to receive a personalized buoy from Cindy the dolphin at the end of our experience that we got to take home along with a tote bag and stuffed animal which a staff member had waiting for us on the beach. Our photos came out amazing and the DVD of the dolphin swim is SO 80's, but in a fabulous way, lol We are already talking about our return trip here as this is now an absolute must any time we come for a visit to the area again!
I really do enjoy this place, especially since I can snorkle without fear of big waves and I can see great varieties of fish. I also enjoy the aviary. I've been about four times and each time wish that they would improve the food. You can eat breakfast and lunch, with snacks inbetween. They have the worst coffee I've ever tasted. For the price of this experience, we ought to get Starbucks! No ice cream treats are offered for snacks. Lunch is better than breakfast, but again, nothing stellar. In general SeaWorld food is not their high point.
This was an awesome day out. It was very expensive, but the price included your swim with the dolphins and all food, snacks and drinks though out the day and your wet suit,which you spent all day in. They also provided you with sunblock, which it was recommended we use, and we all did. We did the swimming with the dolphins first. This was good, as it meant you didn't have to be clock watching (especially, unless you have a waterproof watch, you don't have a watch on!) so you don't miss your session. Photos and videos were taken, which you could purchase later on (again very expensive, but a once in a lifetime opportunity). We went paddling with Sting Rays, snorkelling in the coral reef and also into the Tropical River. I would really recommend this day.
This is how every amusement park should be! A memorable, amazing experience. You pay for everything up front and spend the rest of the day strolling around enjoying the park. They limit the number of entrants so there are no lines. Breakfast and lunch are included as well as beverages and snacks - the food is better than most places where food is included. You get to snorkel with many different under water species, feed birds in an aviary, float down a lazy river on a noodle, lounge on your own chair at any point in the day, pet sting rays and swim with dolphins if you pay for it. Included in the ticket is a free day at Sea World or Aquatica - both pale in comparison to Discovery Cove. I would chose Discovery Cove over them in a heartbeat.
The highlight of a simply wonderful two weeks in Florida. Entry to Discovery cove is limited so you never get crowds plenty of sun beds available for those of your party who don't swim. Whilst this is expensive it was worth every penny. We arrived early and got our slot at around 11am to swim with the Dolphins. We had a complementary breakfast and then spent the rest of the morning swimming with Sting rays (Don't panic the stings have been removed) and snorkelling around some lovely water scenery. The swim with dolphins was mind blowing these creatures are simply incredible they video the experience for you and then sell you the DVD. They also provide lunch and drinks are all included. They let you keep the snorkel as a souvenir of the day. We are saving the DVD for a cold and miserable December evening to bring back these wonderful memories.
Discovery Cove is a experience you cant miss! Its located along side Aquatica and SeaWorld in Orlando , FL. When we first walked in the staff was extremely helpful and guided us where we needed to go. Checking in and getting our id's was fast and painless. Also the kids loved that they got id badges, made it fun for them. Once we entered the property you were immediately immersed in lush rainforest plants. You felt like you were in another country. Birds chirping and cool breezes as you walked to more friendly staff. We were greeted by a staff member and taken to a very very large breakfast. They had everything you could think of and it was all included in the ticket price :) Also with the purchase of the ticket we received passes to both Aquatica and SeaWorld for our entire stay we were in FL. Unlimited admission to both parks. AWESOME!! We got a private cabana which was very secluded, sand on your toes and palm trees surround you. There were tanning chairs as well and a nice tent to stay away from the sun. They even provided you with a mini fridge that the staff would stock up with any drinks you wanted all day. We got to scuba with sting rays, beautiful fish and even sharks. The rapids was amazing, cool water and sun shinning down on you. Half way was a stop between the rapids that took you to a bird amazon . There were so many birds flying around and we were able to feed them. A bird landed on my three year old daughters arm and she didn't freak out a bit. It was quite an experience. I would definitely recommend families to come here, Im without a doubt coming back :)
Here is everything I think you'll need to know for Discovery Cove in no particular order. 1. You can probably fit in all activities in 5-6 hours. 2. They serve breakfast there. It's like cafeteria food but better quality. We had scrambled eggs (various styles), sausages, yogurt, juice. It's not that awesome but it's just fine. 3. There is no wifi there. You probably won't be needing it. 4. Lazy river sucks, nothing to see, you just of float around with noodles. You don't need your snorkel gear. 5. The oasis portion (I forgot what it's called) sucked as well. Again nothing to see. 6. Coral Reef - this is where all the fun is (other than the dolphin portion). You get your snorkel gear, a wet suit and dive right in. Since this is a salt water area, you can just float around everywhere. Btw, they sell waterproof disposable cameras there. The price was about the same as Walgreens and CVS. 7. Lunch wasnt bad either, but it wasn't that great. I forgot what we all ate, but there is a selection. 8. The free alcohol and snack stations. Usually only a few people in line, but if you think you'll be downing beers left and right, that's probably not going to happen. If you're like me you'll probably be spending most of your time in the water so you will only have a few occasions to grab drinks. They have ice cream bars, chips, slushies, peanuts. Also different snack stations have different things. 9. They take a picture when you first enter in, that picture is free and you can pick it up at the end of the day. 10. The staff is super friendly all the time. I don't know how they do that, but they are. 11. We didn't do the dolphin swim, but there are rocks that spectators can climb to where you're about 30 yards away from the various dolphin classes. From those areas I was able to listen to everything the staff was saying and was able to see the dolphins swim around. If I had kids, I think it would be a very memorable experience for them to do it. 12. There are lots of towels in the bathroom, always stocked. You can get a new wetsuit anytime you want too. 13. There is an aviary where you get food in little dishes to feed the birds. They fly to you and land on your hands, shoulders, etc. I loved that part a lot!! So in closing. I think the tickets we got allowed us to visit both Aquatica Park and SeaWorld. So we ended up visiting only SeaWorld. We paid 169 each and to be able to that and Discovery Cove was worth it to us. But if you're only going to Discovery cove I feel that it is a bit overpriced but was fun nonetheless.
Ok, this is going to be a hard one. You will fall into one of two camps. Love it or think it was extremely poor value. I'll side with the family and not my whimpering debit card. Why you would rate it a five: - Everything is included. Just bring your swim trunks. You must wear one of their swim vests or wetsuits. They make you float so they don't worry so much about your swimming ability. - Cool interaction with dolphins. Get to pet them numerous times. Feed them. Ask the trainer lots of questions. Give them hand signals to do things. Also get to ride the dolphin. - Cool reef with fish. Snorkel all you want in a reef with cool fish and sting rays. Sharks and eels behind glass so it looks like they are with you. - Lazy river ride through an aviary. The aviary is cool and they give you food to feed them. - Free photo of family when you enter. - Free food and drinks. Several snack bars around. One dining hall. They serve beer, wine, and a few mixed drinks on tap. - lots of breach space, free towels, etc. Now why I wanted to give it a one star: - Free my wet buttocks! Everything is "included" not "free." - Everything is not included. You pay extra for dolphins, extra for snub a, and the biggest scam are the photos. See later point. - Interactions with Dolphins is less than 30 minutes and most of this is watching videos. You feed dolphin 1 fish. Touch dolphin 4 times. Group gives commands. Dolphin tows you less than 10 yards at a yawning pace. Only worth the funds if you have a fetish about dolphins. - Fish reef was very small. Great fish but after 30 minutes you've seen it all a number of times. - Birds in aviary have 1,000 people feeding them daily. They are well fed and little interest in it. - Photos are the big scam. They photo you with the dolphins but then want 60 - 130 dollars for the photo packages. Bring a waterproof camera! And take your own pics. - Food is adequate and not great. Not as bad as some rate, but nothing but well made cafeteria food. Snacks are pretzels, chips, ice cream, and trail mix. No wonder spread. Drinks are few in variety and each hut has something different so travel around to find your pleasure. - They have about one beach chair per person. Lots of chair swiping due to the shortage. - Many are friendly, but not all - perhaps not even most. Several were disengaged, poor humor, or even rude. They need mystery shoppers to identify the ones who need to be sent out. Most of them wear sweatshirts, jackets or otherwise don't have a visible name tag. Your results may vary....
10 star review! Yeah, I wrote it- 10 stars. Beat that, Gatorland! I had been looking forward to Discovery Cove since I booked my spot months ago. Yes, admission is on the pricey side ($179 w/o the dolphin experience, $279 with) but it is WORTH IT. It also includes a 7 day pass to either Sea World or Busch Gardens in Tampa. It's you, 999 other people, and thousands of fish, rays, birds, dolphins and other marine wildlife. For some reason, the day I went it seemed that everyone at the park was from the UK. I didn't hear a non-British accent except from the staff. Skip the river (no fish in it) and head straight for the ray pool or the coral reef. I didn't do the dolphin experience (swim with the dolphin) because it was booked that day and I heard you only get 15 minutes with the dolphin after they go through all the rules and regulations. You can't swim in the ray pool because it's only about 3-4 feet deep, but it's an interesting experience to be surrounded by rays. The coral reef is where I spent a good 5 hours swimming around. Initially, I was freaked out because there were so many fish and the rays were HUGE-- about 3-4 feet in diameter. But with all of the fish and rays and people in the reef, I must have touched 4 fish accidentally and the ones I tried to touch swam away. Running into people, on the other hand, seemed to be a common occurence. People get so enthralled at what they are seeing that they won't see you and will swim right into you! There is also a small cabana where you can send email to your friends and check out some land animals. There were some owls, macaws, and a tree sloth! Oh, that tree sloth was so cute! If I can swim around in one small area for 5 hours, not get bored, and want to come back asap, this place MUST be good!
From reading reviews of Discovery Cove, the only complaint I saw was about the high admission price. You have to realize that this is the ONLY thing you pay because this ONE price gets you an all-inclusive day in a well-taken care of property with plenty of employee to assist you. If you add up the cost of meals, drinks (alcohol included, bottle water), towel rentals, gear rentals, Discovery Cove is well worth the money. I was actually leery that the quality of the food is sub par with an all-inclusive. It is nice to be able to get a soft pretzel, bag of chips, soda, bottle water anytime and for "free" without the crowd of people waiting on line like most theme parks and having to easily drop $20 + and PAY as in other theme parks. The 30 min swim time with the dolphins seems short on paper but it was ample time for my children to interact with these beautiful creatures. My son enjoyed feeding the birds in the aviary. The bathrooms with showers are clean . Never have to wait for bathroom stall or shower stall. Food is good enough and plenty of variety. We didn't even stay the whole day and later found out my husband would love to just chill out by the reef. Oh well. We will be back for sure! After booking Discovery Cover, I found out paying admission to Discovery Cove gets us free admission to Aquatica and Seaworld. So add these two parks admission to the cost. Well worth it! Sure they could charge less and have more people in the park, but it will no longer feel like you are in a resort. Don't change a thing Discovery Cove.
LOVE. This was the highlight of our vacation in Orlando. We stayed at the Renaissance right across from SeaWorld and they had a free shuttle take us to this mini-resort. We checked in early and had a good warm breakfast prior to exploring the place. After eating, we got fitted for our wetsuits, picked up snorkels, and found our lockers. We explored the Coral Reef while we waited for our Sea Venture to start. The Sea Venture was a fun experience where they had scuba divers escort you underwater to see, touch, and hold all kinds of underwater creatures. (Bring your underwater camera! Or you can borrow one of the park's.) Next we explored the Coral Reef more in depth, which was basically swimming in a huge fishtank. No where else can you find white sand beaches & beautiful fish to see while snorkeling at the same time. My bf and I, both competitive swimmers, spent the whole day in this area "chasing" & petting stingrays and fish. It was so much fun and something that everyone should get to experience. Speaking of something everyone should experience, the Dolphin Swim is a must-do. People were split up into groups, 8 people per dolphin. The trainer taught us some commands and then eventually let us kiss and hug our dolphin! Finally, we had a fin tow ride. The dolphin time was approximately 30 minutes. At the end, they allowed us to view the pictures taken by their photographers during the dolphin session. The pictures were expensive (we paid $173 including taxes for 4 large pictures, 2 medium pics, 2 keyrings, and a cd), but we had to. How could you not buy pictures of each other kissing a dolphin :) The remainder of the day, we spent in the Coral Reef and had lunch. There were unlimited snacks (pretzels, chips, granola bars, trail mix) and drinks (fountain sodas, frozen slushies, alcoholic slushies, and beer). Near the end of the day, we decided to look around at the lazy river area, showered (they had pretty nice complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body wash), and checked out the aviary. The aviary was pretty and they let you feed the birds. Some of them came and landed on your shoulder or arm! Bring your camera for this too! The whole day was definitely the highlight of our trip (we also checked out SeaWorld, Busch Gardens, and downtown Disney). I would recommend this place to everyone! It can be your most relaxing day (as we did see lots of people who sunbathed and drank all day long) or your most tiring day (which we had because we had too much fun swimming around the whole day in the coral reef).
This was amazing! It was the best part of our week in Orlando. We arrived at 7:30 and had no wait to get in. The service was amazing all day long, and the entire day was perfect. Breakfast was great, and after that we had a first available dolphin swim which was far more interesting than we expected (but even in July the saltwater areas were freezing cold water). The reef was also awesome, but cold. The freshwater area was the perfect temperature. The next time we come to Orlando, we will be spending a lot more time at Discovery Cove.
I know what you're wondering and yes, it is worth it. Honestly my only complaint about this place is that it makes every other theme park look like a cheap carnival in comparison. Two words. ALL INCLUSIVE, and they really mean all inclusive. The best thing about this place is the fact that you don't have to worry about a thing. They give you the locker, wetsuit, towels, food, drinks, beer, wine, snacks a picture, snorkel, and anything else you need. See most parks make you buy your way in then trample you with merchandise and about a million other things to buy. Every time you turn around there's a gift shop, a photographer, a locker payment, or outrageously expensive food. At discovery cove they get you're money at the door, and then include everything else for free. Honestly it's worth the price to have a nice relaxing day. As for the environment, breathtaking. The lazy river is actually relaxing, and offers a great swimming/ snorkeling experience. The aviary is a fun way to get close to some flying critters. The reef is ice cold but still a fun way to get around some sea critters. Oh and the dolphin swim, amazing. It takes about 30 minutes, and includes swimming with your little blue friend and getting some great photo ops. I took my lady here for our two year anniversary and now I have another two years worth of brownie points stocked up. Great way to impress the ladies. I'll definitely be bringing the kids back with us next time.
Wonderful place to see, expensive but well worth the experience. Well maintained park, great that they only allow a certain amount of people in, 1000 sounds like a lot but when you're there it doesn't seem like that much. The main thing to do here is the dolphin swimming, amazing experience! :) You can also scuba dive as well and see and touch sting rays, they have their stingers chopped off so nothing to worry about haha, recommend this to everyone :)
Absolutely the highlight of our trip!  Go early, get a cabana, swim with the dolphins.  We had a diverse age group from 13 to 72 and we all enjoyed it very much.  I'd go again!
By far the best experience our family of five has had at any theme park. They are well organized and provide a very relaxing day. Dolphin encounter is surreal and the pools are unlike anything I have ever experienced. It is like you are transformed to a tropical oasis a long way from Orlando. Only downside is the mediocre food.
AMAZING EXPERIENCE!!! It was expensive, but so worth it! Red carpet treatment. Every single staff member was extremely helpful and friendly. Wonderful customer service. We did an all inclusive package which included unlimited free food and drinks including cafeteria food (which wasn't bad), beer, wine, vodka lemonade, and more. Swimming with dolphins and SeaVentures were both phenomenal experiences. I highly recommend both. Overall a wonderful experience, way better than any of the other local amusement parks.
My wife, daughter and I went to Discovery Cove on our last vacation and swam with a Dolphin named Dixie.  It was a wonderful experience.  It was expensive but worth every penny.  They do a great job.  It was beautiful place with some magical moments.  They also over a days pass at Sea World which was good.   My daughters favorite part at Discovery Cove was riding on Dixie.  I now think we may not be the most intelligent species on the planet. It also made me realize how fragile and special our planet is.
The best thing we did in Orlando! This place was definitely worth the money.  Our family really enjoyed it.  When you walk in you are immediately made to feel special.  They take you as a group and get you checked in and tell you exactly where to head next.  Everyone that works there is so helpful and eager to help you.  It is nice because everything is included, food, drinks, alcohol, snacks, sunscreen, towels, wetsuits, snorkeling equipment, a group picture and admission to Sea World and Aquatica.  The kids did the dolphin swim and loved it.  We could take pictures and video from the beach.  Although my husband and I wish we had too.  What I would recommend is to be there early; we got there at 7:30 and were one of the first so the kids got the first dolphin swim time.  Also the breakfast line was small at that time.
Discovery Cove is wonderful.  There is so much to do; so, I would urge readers to think about the day very carefully. Ensure that you know everything and plan accordingly.  You can arrive anytime between 8a and 10a.  Breakfast is served until 10:30a, and lunch is served from 11:30a-3p.  They have strollers and wheelchairs with huge wheels that can deal with the sand.  I saw numerous children and adults in the wheelchairs, and noted that all water areas had ramps to enable those in wheelchairs to easily get into the water. If your family likes to go-go-go, always on the run, then I highly recommend that you buy two extra packages: the Seadventure, and the Dolphin interaction.  These are fantastic.  It's just that, if you want these extras, and it's your first time at Discovery Cove, your day will be completely filled, with very little time to see anything in a relaxed frame of mind.  Plan on arriving at 8am, and expect to be always heading somewhere throughout the day. If your family needs some quiet time, or prefers a more sedate pace for a day, then I would suggest either just one of these extras or skip both.  Discovery Cove is a still a wonderful day without these extras.   The day includes your food and beverages (including, for those over 21) alcohol.  If you are an adult who plans to drink, make double-sure that your name tag says "21".  If your name tag doesn't, the bartender cannot serve you (Florida law).  I saw three people turned away due to this simple glitch; all three were obviously well into adulthood. Speaking of food, this was the one place that we were deeply frustrated.  The food line is ridiculous.  It's two identical buffet lines. One way in, and one way out.  You have to go through the entire line, regardless of what you want.  So, for example, let's say you just wanted a yogurt for breakfast.  The way the room is set up, you are forced to stand in line and wait. . .and wait. . .and wait. Until everyone in front of you gets their bacon and eggs, or bagel and cream cheese, or a simple cup of coffee. . .It's so frustrating.  Management should set up buffet stations so that guests could wander through the room and pick up what they needed from various tables. We were late for our Dolphin appointment time because we had no choice but to wait in line for 35 minutes to get our lunch.  and, this was at 2:30 in the afternoon.  I can't imagine what the line was like at noon!  We had to ask for a manager to come and help us.  She was very nice, but couldn't do anything about the appointment.  So, we inhaled our lunch (grrrr) and sprinted to the Dolphin experience.  If we go to Discovery Cove again, I'm going to pack some healthy snacks so that we don't get stuck like this again. The bathrooms are well-maintained, but there's no getting around dealing with wet sand and soggy clothes.  Fortunately, management provides good-sized plastic bags to put your wet things in.  I highly recommend bringing a pair of flip-flops or some type of shower shoes.  Towards the end of the day, expect to wait in line for a shower.  There is soap, shampoo, and conditioner in the showers; and, plenty of hot water.  However, it's much appreciated if you take an abbreviated shower.  All those people still standing in line will thank you! After you've checked in to Discovery Cove, which by the way is quite efficient, you can get either/both a swim vest or a wet suit.  I couldn't understand what I needed the wet suit for. . .until I went snorkelling with the coral, fish, and rays.  Then, as the temperature is set at 72 degrees, I understood.  The water is cold!  You'll appreciate the wet suit; most folks wore theirs throughout the day.  Plus, it protects your skin from sun's rays. On the other hand, the water in the lazy river is quite warm.  Speaking of the lazy river, it's different than any other I've been in before.  The river is markedly deeper - numerous times I couldn't touch bottom (I'm 5'8"), and the floor of the river is often rocks that are unpleasant to step on.  There are cannons, and sculptures under the water, and the children love to dive for them. Because of the high price tag for Discovery Cove, make sure you understand the venue, and talk it over with your companions.  This will help everyone be prepared, and ready for the day.  Discovery Cove closes at 6p, so you don't want to waste a moment wandering around dazed and confused.  It's a wonderful location, with many delightful experiences.  Enjoy!
Discovery Cove is like the tropics inland.  Be prepared to pay for the opportunity, but they do try to make it as all inclusive as they can.  The snorkel cove with rays and tons of beautiful fish is very novel.  I can't imagine it being full, anything over 200 or 300 people would feel crowded but if you have the money it's worth the trip.
My day at Discovery Cove was most enjoyable. We had our dolphin experience first thing in the morning. I wasn't as impressed with this as I was the intimate Beluga whale experience I had at Sea World a couple years ago but any time up close with these magnificent animals is worth it to me. I enjoyed learning about them. The real key to enjoyment of this park is can you snorkel? If you can't or find it awkward, you will not enjoy this at all. The different beaches and swimming areas (fresh lagoon, fresh tropical river, and the coral reef full of fish and rays) is all for snorkeling. Very small children might splash in the water and play in the sand but at these prices? The swimming areas all get very deep, some 20 ft deep so you must be able to swim or wear a lifevest.  I have never experienced snorkeling and was quite impressed with the thousands of fish I swam with. Remember Dory from Finding Nemo? Yes, she was there. Swimming with the stingrays was quite cool as well. The other thing I enjoyed was no hassle. Once you have entered, all food and drink and yes that includes cold beer is simply there to ask for. We enjoyed breakfast, then a grilled lunch and lots of snacks and drinks. We also got our choice of a 7 day pass to Busch Gardens or Seaworld. We too the BG which turned out to be a $125 value for the two of us. So think about that when planning your vacation and watching dollars. The facilities were nice. They provide showers, hair dryers, shampoo, soaps, even mouthwash. Since I have "been there", not sure I would go again but I would recommend it.
One of the best place to visit in Orlando Florida. I visited Orlando about 3~4 times in my life and Discovery Cove is worth the visit (compared to the other theme parks). You also get tickets to Seaworld and Aquatica to complete your trip as one of the available packages. I signed up for Sea Venture (underwater walking with fishes) and swim with the dolphins. This is a must if you want to enjoy your Orlando trip. I recommend to make the most out of your tickets is to setup 3 days (1 for Discovery Cove, 1 for Seaworld and 1 for Aquatica - assumption you have the Seaword+Aquatica package). The service of the staff is so good. They always make sure that you will get the most out of your trip. They give you all the stuff that you need to enjoy your stay. You always have fresh towels and you get all the snacks and booze that you can handle.
My daughter and I went to Discovery Cove for her 11th birthday. As we arrived it was clear that it is not your average water park. The lush landscaping on the way to the uncrowded parking lot is a good sign that your are headed for something different. The service is like nothing I have ever experienced. It was amazing. Everything is including in your admission so there are no worries about money after check in. Unlimited food, soda, beer, it's all included. Swimming with the tropical fish, lounging on the beach or on the lazy river, it is truly a great place to spend the day. Make sure you get there early, you will want to make the most of your day.
Traveling in the area? Treat yourself to a day of ultimate experience at Discovery Cove. We started off our week in Orlando here and it's no doubt the most memorable experience we've ever had. This is really an amusement park like no other. Exclusivity, hospitality, relaxation, amazing fun and adventures, all in one place. The Discovery Cove is designed to be a tropical paradise that packages everything into one VIP experience. Once we walked across the gate, we are handed our personal badges which is the only thing we needed all day long. The large freshwater areas is composed of a few pools with gentle currents where we floated and relax with a pool noodle or eat ice cream and sip on drinks on benches submerged by water. The saltwater area with complimentary snorkeling gear and wet suit (to stay warm and look cool) let us come in intimate contact with beautiful rays (some size of several feet long) and exotic schools of fishes. There is a small aviary with birds freely flying overhead that you can feed by hand and a baby deer. There are also dolphin interaction sessions where a small group gets up and close with the dolphins and even get to share a little swimming time with them. The snacks and drinks from the bars on the beach are unlimited all day long, breakfast and lunch buffets are complimentary with admissions with plentiful of choices. The best part is the admission is limited per day which takes out the frustration of most theme parks, making it relaxing and comfortable experience. The price tag of $150 (end of September) may seem to be a little steep for a day of amusement but it includes 14 days of admission to Aquatica and Seaworld just next door, which are two other parks that's well worth a visit.
My boyfriend's dad who is an employee at Busch Gardens Tampa bought my boyfriend and I a non-dolphin swim package for our one year anniversary. What I have to say is the experience WITHOUT the swim far exceeded my expectations!  I thought I was going to be disappointed with the non-swim, but I WASN'T at all and am still very grateful towards my boyfriend's dad for this wonderful experience. I have so many things to mention about this place so I'll break the review down into pro's and cons. I'll start with the minimal bad news first. CONS: Although I did not do the dolphin swim, I stood in the water as far as I could go so I could observe the full experience. It was not what I have always dreamed of doing; being propelled through the water by a dolphin's snout to my feet, or hanging on for dear life to a dolphin's pectoral flippers. In fact, not much "swimming" with the dolphins was done at all. From what I noticed the groups that were participating in the swim were all huddled together in one small part of the pool. It looked very impersonal, like a school group. There were eight people not in the same party per group with only one dolphin. The highlight of the whole encounter (and only that included swimming) looked to be a "dorsal drag" where each person in the group could swim out to the deeper part of the pool and the person hung on to the dolphin's dorsal fin and was drug back to the group at about two miles per hour. Not my idea of a dorsal pull. If you want to do what you saw on your favorite reality/TV show, or teen movie with dolphins this isn't it, but if you just want to get close to a dolphin, this is a good option. For $100 more my boyfriend and I did not find this worth the extra money and seeing it in person further solidified that we made the right choice. PROS: Where do I start... I love the idea that the number of people are limited each day unlike other parks. I've never been to a theme park where the staff and customer service was so top-flight!   The food, snacks, drinks, and alcohol were all included! Fear not you yelpers who have a phobia of theme park food! I had jambalaya, macaroni and cheese, Cesar salad, and a brownie. It was all delicious. After we checked in, since it was November I opted to get fitted for a half body wet suit. My boyfriend who doesn't get cold so easily got just an upper-body vest. They come in all shapes and sizes from infant to larger plus sizes. A mask and souvenir snorkel are given to you when you do your wet suit fitting. There are plenty of lounge chairs by the numerous natural looking pools and there is soft sand leading into the pools which is far removed from your concrete water parks and public pools. The pools and the lazy river were so CLEAN and clear. There was nary any debris or haziness in the water. The water also had no strong chemical smell. Unbelievable.   The pools were great ways to get comfortable wearing a mask and snorkel and not very deep with waterfalls and natural looking rocks to swim in and out of. The lazy river had staggering depth and was very shallow in some areas and eight feet deep in others. The lazy river goes through a waterfall right into the aviary where tropical birds fly over you! Very cool. Also you could access an otter tank through the lazy river where you could observe the silly antics of these cute little creatures as well as dive under the water with them. The glass made me only inches away from a curious otter! Back to the aviary... AWESOME! I give this attraction five stars. The birds were beautiful and super friendly. Three birds at one time landed on me! You are given a ramekin full of fruit, veggies, and pellets for the birds. Three birds in here captured my heart. Allison, the Sun Conure, Captain Jack, the mouse bird, and Torrey, the Palm Cockatoo. SNORKELING The top five star attraction here was the snorkeling! It was like the Bahama's were picked up and dropped in Orlando. Huge rays swam under us as well as some 5,000 exotic fish! Beginner snorkelers could stay at the shallow areas of the pool while intermediate and advanced snorkelers could swim out into the 20 foot trenches with even larger wildlife. There were eel tanks and shark tanks in the more advanced snorkel areas where it looked as if you were swimming with eels and sharks! There were even lobsters in a tank tucked away! I could have snorkeled all day! It was exhilarating, breathtaking, and relaxing at the same time! At the end of your visit, the bathrooms are fully stocked with towels, showers, shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. There are even hair dryers. I suggest bringing a change of clothes. All in all I highly recommend Discovery Cove. Don't think of it as a Theme Park, but a stationary cruise that is all-inclusive. You won't be disappointed, even if admission is a little pricey. I recommend bringing a waterproof disposable camera, because this is the best place to make memories!
