Stopped into Blush for my first time yesterday. The owner is extremely knowledgable and helpful with helping you find pieces that are right for you. The store has only a few of each item, so you're bound to find something unique. Perfect for shower, every day or girls' night out attire. They have a dress punch card -- for each dress purchased, you earn a stamp on a card. Buy five and the sixth is 50% off (any price)! Reusable bags given at checkout earn patrons 10% off when you bring it back. It was an enjoyable shopping experience and you definitely avoid the sticker shock - prices are reasonable and selection is unique!
I think I've been to all the boutiques on Elmwood Avenue and so far this is my favorite. They had a large selection of unique clothing, jewelry, shoes and other accessories. I'm always on the hunt for new dresses and this store had a great selection of them. The prices were pretty average for a store with these quality products. As soon as I picked a dress from the rack, a salesperson came right over to me to get me set up in the fitting room. The fitting room itself was adorable. It had a soft rug (made of t-shirts or soft cotton pieces) and lots of fancy hooks for my bag and clothes to hang on. Someone took a lot of care in designing this to be a comfortable space. Unfortunately on this visit, I didn't come find a dress but it's going to be first ok my list to try again soon.
This adorable boutique is a wonderful new addition to the Elmwood Village.  With a great location across from JP Bullfeathers, walking distance to Ashker's, Café Aroma, Starbucks, Vasili's, Panos and much more, it is located close enough to everything, yet you can still manage to find parking. My girlfriend hosted a 'Blush Bash', which I attended in December.  A Blush Bash is basically a fun, intimate shopping party, with specials and discounts for the evening, over wine and snacks with your friends.  At this gathering, I was able to check out all the awesomeness the boutique has to offer.  From dresses, to leggings, scarves, jeans, and jewelry galore, there isn't much left to crave.  Had it not been two weeks prior to Christmas, I would have indulged in a little more for myself!   Any female holiday - birthdays, Christmas, Valentine 's Day, etc., this is a great place to come and shop for a gift.  Whether you want to pick up an inexpensive wrap bracelet, or a fancy cocktail dress, you will find both and all that's in between at Blush. I can't wait to go back to pick up myself some more goodies!! Hats off to Lexie and Vicky for bringing this boutique to the Elmwood strip.
My daughter and I shopped happily on gorgeous Friday night in Buffalo. Blush was having a private party, which they said they'll do for anyone but they let us in as long as we promised not to eat of drink the party food. Deal... The jewelry, the clothes, the scarves all deserved our focused attention. Blush carries jewelry, bags and clothes made by a local designer named Anya and cute, chic things from all over the country and world. Wrap bracelets, cool earrings, silky shirts, clothes to make you at home with yourself. They love an evil eye and so do I. Don't know what I'm talking about? Go in and ask. Don't worry, it's a good thing.
Great new clothing store in addition to Elmwood Village!
