Take a lot of money because everything is extra, you will need another $40 to be able to do they things they advertise, make it an additional $100 if you want to do the ziplines
I love how the founder made this place triple function as a fun exotic animal zoo, water/amusement park (water toys and zip line) and also a native ecosystem conservatory. The swamp walk serves as a conservatory for the native swamp lands. They were damaged in hurricanes but still survived and look pretty well maintained. The employees seem passionate about their work which is refreshing. The three entertainers were lively, funny, and put on an engaging snake show and live alligator feeding show while we were there. It was really awesome to see that the park offered exhibits for other amazing animals like parrots, snakes, turtles, tortoises, panthers, ocelots, flamingos and some other random native Floridian animal species. It was very exciting. I recommend the chocolate dipped frozen banana on a hot day -- sooo yummy. Also they sell turkey dogs for feeding the gators and native birds come and steal the food. I added a picture of one of the birds eating from my hand which could also be fun for the kids. I highly recommend visiting this park.
Let's see, where should I begin? From the beginning I guess... The entrance price is $26.99 for adults, for kids, I don't remember because we did not come with any kids. Senior citizens get to pay $9.99 and if you are a Florida resident, you also pay $9.99, sweet deal for them, but for tourists/ or out of state visitors like us, $26.99 is a rip off for what you get. The $2.50 coupon we had was not much of a discount, but it was something. Once you are in the park they nickel and dime you for everything else you'd like see or do there. Feeding the alligators was the highlight for me, along with feeding the goats at the petting zoo, now that was cool! But like I said, you have to pay to fees to see and feed these wonderful creatures. For the goats we paid $2 for a small ice cream cone with a couple brown pellets, and the starting price for the gators were $3 (and up) for one bag that contained 4 hot dogs. Hot dogs?? Anyways... But watch out, there are many birds who try to steal these hot dogs that we toss to the gators, they are like vultures! If you have never seen alligators, this is the place to go, but if you have seen them before, there is not much more to see... Not much more animals to see or interesting facts you can learn from.
It felt like a tourist trap to me.   They nickel and dime you for nearly everything.   I was surprised the parking was free.   Zoos make me feel badly for the creatures they hold captive.   Most areas seemed too small to house either the amount of gators or accommodate the size of the gator.
We originally planned to take a local airboat swamp tour, but a flat tire forced us to miss the boat. An online search turned this place up, and it was close to where we were staying. Since I was determined to see alligators in Florida, we braved the 97 degree weather and 145% humidity and headed over. It's corny. In an expensively corny way. Nice corny?  Is that a thing?  It was a thing here. Covered walkways lead you around the park, where you can ogle piles of lethargic gators and ridiculously large carnivorous birds to your heart's content. There's also a lovely meandering  wooden pathway through a swamp, which seemed like a bad idea with the heat, but it was nice and shady and a good 15 degrees cooler back in there. We witnessed two shows, gator wrestling and jumping (feeding). It was every bit as horrifying as watching parents putting their kids on the backs of sheep and seeing how long they can stay on.  WHY IS THIS A THING???!!   The place was neat and clean and everything seemed to be well maintained. As far as I could tell, the gators seemed healthy and happy.  I asked one or two how they felt about the place, but they just grinned at me.   Special highlights: There are four white gators in a small enclosure, apparently a rare breed.   The birds seem to just like the place, and except for a few exotics, were not officially part of the park. There were also snakes and a small petting zoo full of farm animals.  Future meals?  I did not ask. Lots of food in here, actually. Lemonade stands and ice cream and a cafe are scattered across the property. The staff was knowledgeable and friendly, and the many signs are informative and funny. Mind the peanuts for sale and the smokers who pop up randomly.  Try some gator at the cafe, they're pretty much like chicken nuggets. Oh, and mind where you stick your fingers.
We decided to go here after looking for something different to do in Orlando. This place is not far at all from the touristy spots, so getting there doesn't take too long. They have a couple of pricing options, so take your time and think about what plan fits your family. They definitely try to "up sell" you at the gate. The basic entry was enough. They have an unlimited train ride option but once was enough. Once your inside you can decide to do more if you want. All day there's other activities that cost extra, feeding the tortoises, taking pics with various reptiles, etc. so be prepared to spend more once inside. The feeding of the tortoises was cool ($5 per stick), feeding the alligators was ok ($5 per bag of turkey hot dogs) but the birds and fish take a lot of what you throw. You can sit on a gator after the gator wrestling show for $10. We had fun there though. It was a good way to kill a few hours. The zip line looked cool and apparently their prices are better than other places ($35) to do the entire course, but that's after you pay to get in. The kids enjoyed the place (7&9).  The shows were good. If you have small ones there is a small "sprinkle" area where the kids can get cooled off. We didn't realize this and the kids weren't wearing bathing suits so they didn't use it. Overall, we had fun, I would say go once to check it out. Just be prepared for the added expenses.
Nice diversion from the big parks like Universal and Disney World. Saw the gators and other animals in the park. The gator wresting was very entertaining. Kudos to the staff for the comedic banter for what can be a very dangerous activity. Also rode the train ride around the park. Wait was a bit long for a ten minute ride that circles the park, covering most of the walking trails. Good for if you want to skip the walking like we did since it was pouring rain off and on. At least it wasn't blistering hot. We didn't try everything as we only had a couple of hours but this place is worth repeating for an afternoon of fun.
I was here a couple weeks ago with my boyfriend & his mom! So much fun. We tried it all. Feeding the alligators, sitting on an alligator & zipLining (a must do!!) over them! Such an adrenaline rush. I think it was totally worth the money. $69.99 covered admission, zipLine (an hour long experience. 7 platforms/ziplines & a scary bridge. haha), gator feeding & a seat on top of an alligator after one of the gator wrestling shows. The staff was great, I don't remember their names but the guy & girl that took us zipLining were tons of fun. They definitely enhanced our experience! :) If I'm ever in Florida in the future I will definitely return!
I was sort of disappointed. This place is really expensive for what you get. Its a bunch of gators lying in the water behind fences everywhere, everywhere, everywhere and two mediocre shows. I was actually saddened by the Gator Wrestling show because for 20 minutes before the show they have a line of people come  one after the other and sit on top of the gator and take pictures. The rest of the show is annoying the gator basically by dragging him around. I dont mean to get all PETA on anybody but I felt bad for the gator. The Gator Jumparoo show was a bit better. They have gators jump for chicken a lot. They have some script about two guys competing to work for them. The most interesting part was the exhibit where you walk in and theres a few gators behind glass and they explain the difference between an albino gator and a white gator. Apparently, this white gator is one of only 12 in the world.
Where has Gatorland been all of my life!? I'm how old? LOL! My 10-yr-old daughter and I absolutely LOVED this park! Friendly staff! Food prices are way below what one would find at other parks. I bought the large plastic sipper($4.49) and continued filling w/ free ice water. My goodness and the number of gators are beyond any I thought I would EVER care to to see! Entertainment is never-ending and well organized! The petting zoo was even cool! A goat that gives high fives!? Really!? Memories that will last a lifetime! I highly recommend this park.
Pleasantly suprised with this place! i'm from Gainesville, Florida, home of the Gators, and have seen gators around our hometown, on campus, at our hospital, etc. Yet, the shows were humorous and entertaining. My kids loved the "aviary" - feed parakeets and other small domestic birds. I was pleasantly suprised that it has a little splash park for the kids, too. With the Florida resident rate, it was about $40+tax for a family of four (out of state rate was considerably higher). Overall, it was a nice distraction for a few hours with the Florida resident rate.
We were invited to visit Gatorland for free because one of my family members works for a large employer in Orlando and every once in awhile we get treated to the different attractions in Central Florida. Having said that, if I had to pay to get in, I would feel ripped off. For me, I don't think it's worth over $30.00 for just Gators. Yes they have a wide variety of Gators, including white ones which are rare but there are no rides or exciting attractions. It seems the Gators were not very hungry during the feeding because instead of jumping out of the water to grab the raw chicken, they just swam around bored out of their minds. They offer a small Water play area for kids but its very small, nothing like a water park. If you want to see what a Swamp looks like, they do provide swamp like scenery walk and you may see some snakes swimming around. In terms of rides, there is a Train and a Zipline which will cost additional $$. The food offered here is limited, there's a Smokehouse that we didn't try but it smelled good. If you have never seen Gators and are interested in that sort of thing, this is the place for you. For those of us who live here, it's not that exciting.
Ended up going there day after July 4th. A great place to see a lot of florida's wild life. My favorite part was the long peaceful walk around the swamp (swamp tour). The gator wrestling show was tamer than I expected though.
This is actually a surprisingly fun place for the family! I had no idea what to expect when I first came here. As soon as you walk in I took one look at the park map and it looked as if we were going to be done with the place within an hour or 2. Boy was I wrong. The map is obviously not to scale, but it didn't seem that big just from looking at the front doors. There are lots of exhibits on display and attractions to see. They have about 5-6 white gators with some being albino and leucistic gators, which is pretty rare and spectacular. Granted they just lay there doing nothing, but to see them live and up-close is pretty spectacular. They have lots of sectioned off areas of different species of gators. The park is semi built on top of an actual marsh land, which makes this place legit. Tons of things to do here like pet the goats, feed the canaries, zip-line, shows, walk around the exhibits, check out the albino peacock, feed the gator up-close, close encounter with an albino boa, watch the gator wresting show, ride (sit) the gator, etc... We got to talk to the 2 main guys doing the shows and they were awesome friendly guys. They pretty much make the show super fun and entertaining. The zip lining guys were pretty cool too. They remembered me and called me out to go zip lining, while they were zip lining. There is snack shops and a kitchen here that sells beer, so that helped us get through the day. :) Overall we could have spent more time here, but we figured that a 5 hour day was more than enough for the kids. There's a lot more to do here than what it says on the website. If you're on the fence on whether or not to come out here, you should go for it. Cool place to see cool stuff that you'll never really get to see anywhere else in the world, except in Florida.
This is good for children. I went with mostly adults from out of town and wasnt necessarily amused but kids 2 and over would enjoy it. Very zoo-like. Wanted to zip-line but it was sold out. Tip - If you want to zipline go early and reserve a spot. Dont reserve on-line. On-line its around $70 but as a walk-up they charge around $30 just to fill up the rest of the tour. You're welcome.
Awesome! Get up close and personal with a wide range of Florida wildlife. We had a stork following is around for a bit. It's a fun place to go to get a break from the norm.
Who doesn't love to check out some animals that can just take one bite out of you. I know I do. I have to say its a great place to come with fun filled entertainment for everyone. As well the prices a very reasonable and are very nice to the men and women that served for our country which I don't see many business do. Getting away from this part lets talk about the Attractions. The main attraction is of course the Gators, why else would it be called Gatorland. The shoes are all entertaining especially watching a man manhandle a Gator than placing his head in between the jaws of the Gator. The other small shows they have are great to pass the time with the workers showing off other animals on the premises such as a Boa, or Scorpions. I believe the big show is with two men acting as Hill Billies which was very entertaining trying to get a job at Gatorland with a worker explaining what is going on as well as more background about Gators. Its just to bad that the Gators weren't very lively during the performance the day we came. If you like to be daring, and fly over the Gators I suggest riding the zipline across the Gators from point to point to get your heart racing....I was kinda wishing my line broke so I could swim with the Gators. It's all good because I got to feed some Gators at the end of the fun experience of being around Gators all day.
We had a blast here... a nice taste of old school Florida! The previous reviews do a good job of explaining what Gatorland is all about, so I'll just sum up my recommendations if you come here: 1) Do the zip line (get a groupon or FL resident deal online), and do it early. We had only 4 people in our 10:30 group, versus afternoon groups that can have up to 12 people. You have to wait for each person to individually finish each of five ziplines, so the smaller group the better. Also, parents must be present for minors. No grandparents or friends... this was a problem for another guest apparently. Oh and bring cash for tipping your guides! They are great! 2) Go to at least one show. They're free and hilarious, especially with the honkytonk accents. After having his fingers almost snapped off by an annoyed gator, the show leader remarked "...the things I do in Florida for minimum wage." I can relate!!! Ha. 3) Go to the petting zoo and feed the goats and the miniature cow. This was my favorite part... and I'm not even a kid. Animal lovers will enjoy interacting with the sweet animals, especially the cow who was the cutest thing ever. I now have added "miniature cow" to my list of farm animals I hope to one day own, and taken off goats because they are strangely annoying (but funny). 4) Expect to walk a lot and spend about 3-4 hours there (less if you don't do the zip line) so bring a hat/sunscreen and comfy shoes. If you work up an appetite don't be scared to try the food. We had a burger and a hot dog and they were actually decent! I definitely recommend this place for families, dates, or just a fun day out... even for us Florida residents who see gators all the time. It's a nice escape from real life.
My husband and I came here for some fun on the weekend and it was pretty cool!  We got the Florida resident discount, which was pretty sweet. $20 for both of us to get in.  The park is fairly small but has lots of stuff from a blonde raccoon to snakes and panthers, and of course, the alligators and crocodiles.  Some of the more notorious 'gators and crocs have names which are scattered throughout the park and are interesting side notes.  The 'Gator Jumpin' show was pretty cool.  They make it into a comedic little show.  The Smokehouse has BBQ style food and Dippin Dots.  Better than we thought it would be but a bit expensive, $15 for two 2 chicken strip baskets and fries.  But I suppose theme park food is expensive.   We'll definitely go back once we have kids :)
Friendly staff and interesting park. Florida resident day pass is about 10 bucks and a year round pass is a little under 40. Can get everything done is probably a few hours or a little more. Fun if you want to walk around and see the animals for a little while and catch a few shows on gators. Nice little piece of Florida history.
Gatorland is more than gators, they have so many different animals there to see. They have many different birds roaming around and have other animals (snakes, panthers, a huge turtle, llamas, and others) in different exhibits for you to see. It's kind of like a zoo but a little more awesome. My family came here to see gators and some gator shows and we ended up doing so much more. The shows were great and the workers are hilarious. They do a great job at making sure the audience laughs and has a great time. In addition to the gator jump and wrestling shows they have many other fun things to do. You can enter this room full of birds and pay $1 for some bird feed on a stick and feed them. I had a blast feeding the birds. They flock to you as soon as you enter the room. It was a really cool experience. They also have a zipline that takes you around the entire park. It's $60 and lasts about an hour. You zipline from station to station throughout the park and its a really fun experience. You get to zipline over water filled with gators. Scary, but fun. Overall, I had a great time here. They have so much to see and do, you'll be here for a few hours. I'd definitely come back if I ever visit Florida again. Ps: beware. Some of the birds stalk you for food. They'll come at you and snatch it out of your hand before you even realize what happened.
Thank goodness we only paid $22 to get into Gatorland!! It might be something others might enjoy but I didn't care for the experience I had there. I went with a friend of mine who is a military vet so he got in for free. We also went around 3:30 so the ticket was discounted. The woman at the ticket counter was super nice and definitely was the right person I'd want representing my business if I owned one. Because of the time the ziplining was closed for the day and we had missed a couple of the shows. We were just in time for gator wrestling though. So we high tailed it over there to catch it and afterwards we kinda wished we hadn't. The gators didn't seemed to enjoy being yanked, poked and sit on. It was meant to be funny and/or entertaining but I found it disturbing. How would you like it if someone was constantly attempting to poke you in your eye?? The other exhibits were just kinda blah..  I mean it was gators sitting in their man made habitats. Nothing really special... I will say that the enclosures looked clean and were well kept. The on site "swamp marsh" was beautiful and it did seem that the organization was more interested in preserving the integrity of the swamp vs catering to visitors. We didn't even bother to stay for the final show. (which was watching a gator eat a meal of turkey dogs) If you absolutely love gators or reptiles then go to Gatorland but if you're indifferent to them then I'd say it's probably safe to skip it. Some people will enjoy the place but other than the swamp bridge I'd say they don't offer much more than a typical Florida zoo.
I am in the Orlando area for a trade show and GatorLand sounded interesting because I have been watching way to much Swamp People as of late. When I walked up to the gate, they blew me away. The gal at the ticket booth asked me where I was visiting from and when I said California she told me that I was going to get a 20% discount. I then asked her if she gave discount to people with Military ID's and she thanked me for my service and let me in for free. I love business that totally hook up current and ex-military members. It means the world to us!! Now onto some of the specifics.... This place is huge and it has a lot of gators. It has a lot of birds and other animals as well which I thought was a nice touch. I was only able to stay for about 2 hours and in that time I was able to see an alligator feeding session which was very entertaining and it was called The Gator Jumparoo Show. It had three guys feeding different stuff to alligators and they had the whole crowd laughing because it was really entertaining. I got to check out the Up Close Encounters show and saw some really awesome snakes! There is a swamp off to one side of the park that I got a chance to walk around and that was really cool and peaceful. I am glad that I visited in May because I have a feeling that would be a pretty hot stroll. I missed out the the gator wrestling and some of the other stuff and if I get a chance I am going to go back and check them out. The Bottom Line: If you have any interest in gators then come here and check it out.
Great for the family... Shows were educational & funny. A must if your visiting from out of town.
Our last stop before heading back to Los Angeles was here recommended by a lady from Waffle House, - we may not be able to get in because of time constraint but the lady at the gift shop allowed us just to take a picture along the rail seeing those big alligator was awesome.
My husband and I spent the afternoon here today. I have been asking to go since reading a review on a blog a few years ago. I was not disappointed. This is old school touristy Florida at it's best! Tons of gators to see. Nice walking trail around the park, with plenty of places to stop for snacks and cool drinks (the latter are a must on a hot Florida day). I appreciated the silly signs throughout the park. Lots of tongue in cheek humor. I also enjoyed the little stories shared about some of the more infamous gators: Pops is a real badass, FYI. We didn't see any of the shows as they are not our thing, but judging from the crowd's response, they are pretty entertaining. I would definitely recommend a visit if you have the chance. Best way to see a lot of gators and to learn something about these awesome creatures. Don't miss the newer panther exhibit either!
I expected to see some gators, gator shows and gators souvenirs. Gatorland is more than gators. They have a wonderful nature trail walk through the park, and other fun things. They have a food concession, but I recommended that you don't eat there. The food is frozen premade/cooked. All they do is drop them in the fryer or on the grill to reheat. The food lacks flavor and not worth eating.
First came here as a kid and loved it and I still feel the same. The park is a good size and I would recommend that you wear tennis shoes. Go see the shows very fun and the staff enjoy what they do and the shows were all light hearted and funny. There is a zip line it is an additional $55 per person and is 2 hours, we did not do it as the kids would have got bored plus it is expensive. There is a water play area so make sure to bring a towel for the kids and clothes to get wet. We did not eat here so i am not serve bout the food but they do serve beer!!
I just went 2 days ago for the first time in about 15 years. they got rid of the one interesting thing they had there, the monkeys. The gators are all fat and lazy and hardly put on a show even when the guy throws the chicken right in front of their snouts. The neatest thing they have there is the Budgie house where a bunch of  parakeets and a few Budgie birds will fly down and land on your hand and eat off a seed stick they sell you for a dollar. This place is really lame now. There is a little water park for kids to run through and get wet and then you can pay $5 for a huge machine to dry them off. The whole experience wasn't even worth the $11 I paid with the florida resident discount. That's sad.
Great full day of entertainment /fun for a small admission. For those of us who are on a budget and dont have the extra cash to spend at Disney and the other theme parks and want a fun thing to do head over to Gatorworld.  Price for an adult with AAA was $20...and for Senior citizens was $10.00 I was expecting just a few alligators but wow this place totally went beyond my expectations :)...catch the shows and visit every exihibit.  You can easily spend 5-6 hours here.  My favorite was the wrestling alligator show where I paid an additional 10$ to sit on the alligator and another 15$ for the 8x10 picture.   If I was to do it all again I would've purchased one of those extra packs that combine the train ride, alligator wrestling and alligator food.  I would come back for sure!
Just say no.  Take your $26.99 admission ticket price and go shopping with it or grab a good meal...spending it here is a complete waste. Four of us walked the entire property in less than 2 hours....yeah we saw some gators, yeah we watched a cheesy gator jumping show that was worthless and yeah we saw some goats in a petting area (not sure what they have to do with gators) but none of this remotely justified the $100 bucks we spent to get in this place. Never would go back, never would recommend it to anyone.....
A quick update!  Talked to Diane again on Friday, another Florida park is going out of business and Gatorland is acquiring many of their animals.  Many gators have already been brought in  - including a really huge gator which is currently making his home in the water just before the swamp walk. Other animals which will be arriving in the near future include a bob cat (was it just one?  I forget now - the joys of being old), many more deer (which will go in the back  - the deer they now have will be moved to the back so you'll see them if you take the train ride), and some squirrels and raccoons, including a Southern Blonde raccoon.   Exciting things are happening at Gatorland this year.   PS - now is a great time to go- the baby birds are now juveniles and are jumping around the trees learning how to move about.  It's fun fun fun to watch!
Despite being a lifelong Orlando native, it took me all of these years to finally go to Gatorland, and it was worth the wait. For those who don't know, Gatorland is a local institution and a colorful part of Orlando's history.  This is the kind of place that people used to go for fun before the theme parks ruled the tourist industry, and it stands the test of time.  I went for photography and was amazed at all of the amazing shots I got here.  It was a really cold winter day, but the gators were pretty active despite the weather, which was a pleasant surprise. Don't let the name fool you - this place has more than just gators and crocs - there are tons of birds, some snakes, and a few other animals. In addition to the regular habitats and exhibits, there are live shows and tours.  Kids can also enjoy the miniature train (why does every zoo in Florida have a train?) and a mini water park/play area.  The park is dedicated to preservation and animal rescue, so there are even some habitats and nature trails that you can walk through, although sadly the tranquility and beauty of them is somewhat diminished by the sounds of cars on the highway nearby.  :-(  They even have a zipline/ropes course (again, every zoo around here has to have one), but I think you're crazy if you want to suspend yourself precariously over a lake full of hungry gators. I highly suggest paying this place a visit - it's not very expensive, and you can get several hours worth of entertainment out of it.
We are 20+ year residents of central Florida and this was our first visit with some out of town family.  First. The ticket lady was great! She even thanked my husband for serving in the military along with making sure we got the right discounts for our group. The experience was great and so much better than we all expected. You think...how can seeing a bunch of gators be entertaining? Well it was! So many gators of all sizes and so up close. Beautiful park! So clean and spacious. Amazing wildlife all around. Excellent for picture taking.  Great entertainment/shows. We really enjoyed our visit and look forward to our visit. The only negative...we have eaten gator nuggets before and these had to be the most expensive and the worst ever. I would not recommend at all.  Enjoy the gators but dont try the nuggets. Great place for all ages. Zip line looked like fun but a bit pricey. Will watch out for any resident specials to try out another time. We thought it would take us an hour or two but we ended up spending 4 hour and enjoyed it all. Thanks to an awesome staff for making our day so much fun.
Gatorland is a lot of fun! I've never seen so many gators in my life. Really cool shows, rare gators (albino) and other animals to check out too. I liked the bird exhibits and the train ride was cute. Very kid-friendly place. Located in Orlando, not far from the airport so it's a great place to kill some time if you've got a few hours until your flight departs. Tip: This isn't a great place to visit on a rainy day as most of the exhibits are outdoors. Prices are very reasonable compared to other area theme parks.
My wife and I were traveling from Ft Lauderdale to New Orleans, and I have always wanted to stop in here. If you have a AAA card, be sure to show it, your safe a little cash getting in. The whole park is awesome to see the gators that close. Be sure to buy some gator food and feed them. They have several other "add on's" you can get.. Zip lining, sit on a gator, and more. Worth the stop to see them that close...
This place is one of our favorite go to place in Orlando. We live in NYC but own a place not to far from this place so whenever we are in town we try to come here. This place is great for anyone of any age that's into reptiles. They also have a few cool shows and demonstrations and even a petting zoo. There is a billy goat there that looks like a rock star with a long goatee. Get it? Goat with Goatee! BumBumBummmmmmm...Anyway if you don't think that seeing Gators is dangerous enough how about Zip lining over them? Yea they have that and it's intense. The food is pretty decent here believe it or not. Check them out if your ever visiting Orlando. It's a nice distraction away from the big theme parks.
Great family fun. There's enough to keep the kids busy for at least a few hours. Plenty of options for snacks. Be sure to get hot dogs to feed to the gators. It's cheaper if you get them at the convenience store down the street. If the kids get to annoying you can just feed them to the gators
Gatorland. What a place. I kind of expected Cousin Eddie to pop up in a gator lake with a mask and snorkel, which he did not but we had a really good time anyway. We needed to do something on our Orlando vacation that was NOT a theme park. While Gatorland does have a train, it is not a theme park. It is a kind of zoo, wetland, preserve, farm thing. Why trek out to Gatorland? They have lots and lots and lots of gators. And some other large reptiles that are cool too. And random farm animals, as well as native birds that have made this their home.   They have trails for walking and enjoying nature. You can buy hot dogs to throw to hungry gators. Kind of like how kids buy pellets to feed the baby goats at the petting zoo. You can go online and print coupons ahead of time and I think they sometimes have discount passes in the Entertainment books. How could I pass up the opportunity to take a family photo in front of some gators while being protected by a guy with a stick? I could not. Great memories. Be sure to watch the gator wrestling.
Gator Jumparoo alone would get me to buy a season pass if I lived here. A dozen or so gators become mesmerized with pieces of chicken dangled from a cord while the handlers yell "jump gator" and "get it gator" like a bunch of redneck hillbillies. Like a piñata at a kids party, just as them gators get close, they move it and start laughing. I was entertained for a good 30 minutes before the kids said "uh dad, where are the rides?" This is the most basic of basic attractions. Unless you count a train, there are no rides. Sorry...you can sit on a live alligator for a picture so that might count as a ride? The next greatest thing is buying "gator food" which is frozen turkey hot dogs. Those birds are like rats with wings as they watch you buy the food (for reals....I'm totally convinced of this) then follow you as you go to feed the gators. You need to scream and yell at the birds to scare them away then quickly throw the hot dog. However, gators not being the smartest of animals, will sometimes let the hot dot hit them while a bird swoops down to take it away. Brazen bastards to say the least. There is a swamp you can walk through, a few really big turtles, some albino gators, hundreds of "regular" gators on the property and even a snack stand where you can get gator nuggets. And if Ciara G. ever visits here, there is a Taco Bell right up the street. The gift shop is actually pretty cool with lots of things that are not overly touristy at good prices too. Everyone who works here is super friendly and I even got to pet a baby gator! You can buy tickets from them in advance to save money (they'll mail them) or hit up one of the ticker brokers in Orlando which is what we did and saved close to $20 for the four of us!
I have never seen so many neon shirts and tube socks since my last 80's flash dance party. All though the pure joy of watching some guy "jumparoo" with a gator seems like loads of fun, I was waiting for some "real" national geographic shit  where the gator swallows a whole cow.... to my dismay, it never happened. But I was able to purchase a new leather wallet and an official "gatorland" shot glass. Oh joy!
I last visited Gatorland about 20 years ago, and I can't believe it's been that long. The place has improved and expanded since then, and it's better than ever. They are even working on putting up zip lines, which will be a lot of fun. The Gator Jumparoo was a bit of a disappointment. We arrived on one of the coldest mornings of the year, so the gators weren't very active. Still, there's nothing you can do to motivate a cold-blooded creature on a cold day! The highlights of this place for us were the swamp trail, the less-crowded back 40 of the property, the train and its wisecracking conductor, gator nuggets, and the parakeet room. This place is definitely a treat for all ages. My only problem with Gatorland was that two shows we saw were peppered with sexist jokes that stated: 1. Women are always after your wallet 2. Women never shut up 3. Women are stubborn as mules Now, while I'm a feminist, I'm not without a sense of humor. I love The Howard Stern Show, for crying out loud. But when there's not some equal opportunity ribbing going on, when it's just one-sided like this, it's not funny... it's not fun.  Even my daughter was offended, and she's only ten. Management: please tweak the scripts a little bit. Or hire a couple of women to work in your shows. Thanks.
I've been to nearly all the parks and attractions in Orlando, and this one - perhaps surprisingly to most - is probably one of my favorites. It's inexpensive, there are a ton of discounts (FL resident, military, student and AAA) and who DOESN'T like seeing a million alligators? The one thing about Gatorland I love is that even though it's an attraction, it seems more like a gator sanctuary to me. Actually, there are tons of fish and other native birds that live there that aren't part of the exhibits. Other than gators, they have a petting zoo, parakeets, flamingos, turtles, snakes, and peacocks. I'm sure I'm forgetting something. They just opened a zipline attraction; I haven't tried it yet but it looks pretty cool. Don't plan on spending ALL DAY at Gatorland. You only need about 4 hours max... especially on HOT days. And for those hot days, get your kids to wear their swim outfits because they have an adorable little splash zone.
Gator land gives you the experience of the swamps of the south along with the attractions you would expect in Orlando. Hundreds of Gators are around for experiencing in dozens of ways: shows, informational exhibits, artwork, etc. along with gators, there is plenty of other wildlife to explore, including snakes, turtles, petting zoo, and birds, which swoop down as vultures oftentimes and steal the gator grub. One strike against Gatorland for the dominant presence of vending machines but ZERO recycling bins. I even inquired with the staff and they said they do not recycle.
Campy yet educational, Gatorland is a nice relief from the other theme parks in the area. Check out the gator wrestling and the gator feeding (jumparoo). Wander around the park, and spend a few peaceful minutes in the huge breeding marsh. It's quite pretty, with lots of water birds hanging out on the shoreline. It's interesting to stare down at an alligator that is about 2 feet away. If you want to, try the gator sampler, consisting of gator ribs and fried gator (nuggets). The ribs are gristly and the meat so intense that you really can't finish them all. I find it sad to admire the alligators and their abilities and then eat them. But while at Gatorland, do what the locals do.
Came here when I visited Orlando earlier this month. My coworker told me about it and it made me want to check out the place. So I did some last minute change on our itinerary to fit Gatorland. BF and I did the package deal which came with thee entrance fee, feeding  the gators, train ride and wrestlin' with the gator ($31).  We came here at noon ish and was able to walk the whole place and watch most of the shows. Gatorland is a good place to go to take a break from Disney World. We came on good day since it wasn't packed at all.   Totally worth your time to check this place out, something different and good experience to get up close with alligators.
Lions and Tigers and Bears. Oh my! Well it's actually more like Snakes and Turtles and Gators oh my! Gatorland allows you to get closer to these enormous jawed beasts than you'd probably like to.  If you're lucky (and I use the term loosely) you'll even get to watch one eat.   If you're more into the Steve Irwinesque type thing - you can watch a guy wraaaaaastle a gator.  Definitely something different than just doing Disney :)
4 stars for being 1 of the hickest tourist attractions I've ever been to. We didn't even know about this place or plan on going here during our Florida vacation when I was 10. My dad's driving the rent-a-van down some road over here and we're like "GATORLAND!"  Let's go!!!  -  So daddy flipped a bitch and to Gatorland my brother, dad, and I went. I forget how much entrance was over here, but you basically pay a fee to get in to see all the alligators and crocodiles and then there was like a tour and exhibition shows during the day where those Crocodile Dundee like Aussie folks come out and wrestle an alligator.  They told us that crocodiles got the more pointed beaks. You have to pay extra for the fish and stuff if you want to feed the gators and crocs.  We did, and it was alright.  Nothing special.  Digital cameras didn't exist back then, and us being the guys in the family, didn't bother bringing a camera with us to make this a Kodak moment. They got some exotic birds over here and some reptiles like giant tortoises and stuff.  They look sad.  They just stay in the same spot all day as people walk by and look at them and touch their shells. They also got a souvenir shop with some expensive crocodile leather products in it.  They serve some croc/gator food and the food place over here too, but I didn't get to try any of that. But yeah, if there was one animal that I got sick of seeing while I was in Florida for a week, it had to have been Alligators and Crocodiles. The Florida Gators, Gatorade, and Timmy Tebow and his missionary work in the Philippines didn't have to do much to live up to the Gator name.
We have an annual pass in love this park with its real animals its both educational and  fun. If you've never been don't miss this park. Don't miss the cypress walk as it's the only opportunity have to walk through real florida swamp without getting your feet wet.
What I liked about this place was the price.  $20 to get in for adults with AAA discount (20% off) and $2 for the train ride, which we weren't sure we'd use but it's $2. $2.50 for turkey hotdogs to feed the gators, $1 to feed the birds, 50 cents to feed the animals in the petting zoo.  Oh, and free parking, too. My point is this.  It's an inexpensive place that is unique and is run by the family who started it.  It's wholesome and fun to spend time there.
I took an out of town friend here and she loved it.  It's a definitely a great 1/2 day attraction - especially for animal/reptile buffs and kids.  For about 1/3 of the price of going to one park in Disney or Universal you can enjoy interacting (shows and feeding) with the gators and birds in the park and learn a few things. The highlight of this visit were the white gators.  They have 4 white alligators at the park and I have never seen anything like it!  I've been to the park a few years ago but this is relatively new to the park.  White alligator purse anyone?!?! (btw, the category does say "leather goods" lol) Mainly tourist attraction (and as other reviews mentioned, it's obvious) but I would recommend Floridians who have never been to check it out.  They run a lot of resident specials and it only cost me $9.99!
Let me start off by saying that I enjoyed my visit to Gatorland, as I like alligators. That being said, as other reviewers have mentioned, there were a few disturbing elements I didn't care for: -The Gator Jumparoo show was demeaning to both the alligators, and the people performing (what's with the hardcore redneck act?0 -Some of the alligators, such as a huge, huge fellow that was known for eating dogs, were housed in extremely small enclosements that depressed me. Seeing the giant tortoise "enclosure" (a small pool of water on concrete and a small fence ) was the most saddening, as those guys really should have a better area to hang out in. :/ -There was a small (3 year old) alligator you could pet; it was basically stuck in a rectangular fishtank, nothing else inside, and its mouth taped shut. Seriously, seriously depressing... that little guy must have been scared the whole time it was in there. Furthermore, there was no helpful information ANYWHERE about alligators. Why not a sign explaining the difference between crocs and alligators? Why not scientific info or thoughts on how you can help environmentally with the creatures? What about facts for what they eat, how they sleep, anything?! Nothing like this could be found anywhere, and the best information we got was from one of the staff members. Still, I enjoyed the visit because of the huge amount of birds, alligators and crocs I saw - especially the ones swimming around freely in the water area. Worth a trip if you like gators, but some of the elements were definitely a turn off.
Alligators are basically Florida's main staple animal so what other way to observe them by going to Gatorland! It's safe since you see alligators from afar. The only human being that dares to get close are the trainers! They have entertaining shows throughout the day so pick up a pamplet and roll right on forward. For the adrenaline junkie or those looking to experience serious levels of excitement should try the gator ziplining! There are a total of 5 zip lines and you glide in the air right on top of the alligators.Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. It's totally worth the experience plus if you don't want to skydive, this is safer! I had a blast trying the zipling out. If you come to this park keep your eyes close for the albino alligator, it's HUGE and worth a picture!
I had a good time here.  I wasn't sure how I'd feel about this place.  On one hand, I love roadside attractions and Gatorland is a slice of old pre-Disney Florida (though with updating).  On the other hand, I'm an animal-loving vegan and I skipped Sea World after watching The Cove.   I didn't do a ton of homework on the behind-the-scenes record here, but the animals seemed well-fed with ample room.  Granted, a number of the residents end up in the gift shop, and I didn't see the gator wrastlin, but the gator jumparoo didn't look bad at all.  The faux-redneck characters in the show were transparent but amusing.   If you go in the winter, the cold-blooded crocodilians will be sluggish, but they will still move around and stuff.   If you go late in the day, admission is half-price.  We went at 3:00 PM and saw everything before closing.
I love this place! If it wasn't for the crazy humidity, I probably would have wanted to spend more time there. They have a variety of birds which were fun to see and also a petting zoo. The birds are rather aggressive, in particular the storks. I would watch out for small children with food, as they will not hesitate to chase a kid down for whatever tasty morsel they have in their hand. The Jumperoo Show was a lot of fun, as was the Gator Wrestling. They don't do anything too crazy, but it was fun to see them interacting with the animals. I was a little disappointed when I didn't see any gator grilling going on. I think they didn't have that stuff out because it wasn't a particularly busy day. I did try the fried gator bites! They taste like fish but have the texture of chicken. Pretty yummy. The swamp was also pretty cool. They had a ton of cool looking turtles, fish, and a snakes if you take a good look. It's a good place to take the kids for an afternoon and a lot less expensive than a lot of the other attractions in the area.
I went zipping here & had a blast! Our guides were Benji & Mike and they definitely made the day more fun. There is a total of 5 zips & one bridge throughout the course. I've been zipping one time before but I have to say I enjoyed Gatorland more. Maybe it was because we were zipping over alligators and crocs or maybe they just do it better. Regardless, we had a great time today & I would definitely recommend to try it out!!
Embrace the lower budget, gator silliness and enjoy. Bald Tim from Boston was hilarious and we got to enjoy his goofy play-by-play on the train and then on the gator wrastlin' show. Couldn't have asked for a better introduction to this park. Enjoy the show, check out the gators then let the kids run around in the water play area for the rest of the day. It'll be wonderful. The beer was $4 and the sunscreen was $17 so if you see a bunch of happy, very sunburnt people walking out you'll know why.
My family and I went here on the recommendation of a work colleague who is originally from Florida.  The location is convenient because is it pretty close to Orlando, where we had to make our obligatory stop at Disney World.   My sons loved it!!!   There are plenty of pits with various alligators of all sizes.  The opportunity to have a photo taken with my 5 year old "wrestling" a live alligator, don't worry - the gator's mouth is taped shut, was priceless.  My son is very risk averse but stepped right up, straddled the live alligator, held the gator's mouth and had his photo taken.  When we got back home, he just HAD to take the photo to kindergarten on the first day back for show and tell.  It was a huge hit. The Gator Show was also very fun.  The announcers and the handlers were engaging and funny without being "campy".   We were lucky as we went in October so the humidity and the temperature was very pleasant.  The staff does an excellent job of keeping the site clean. I encourage anyone in the area to make this a planned stop on their visit to the area.
Gatorland, Gatorland. What can I say about Gatorland? I knew I wanted to go there since I first heard about it after booking our tickets to Orlando. Seems pretty Floridian after all.  "Cheesey" and "after the almighty dollar" might be a better portrait now that I've been there. It's easy to get to, but if you're near Disney you'll encounter toll roads. Yay. They have a private parking lot that they don't charge additional money to park in, at least. They day we went (a Tuesday around 1:30 in early January), it wasn't too crowded. We did have a discount coupon from one of the local tourist brochures, but the ticket agent asked if we had AAA. She said we would get a bigger discount with that, so that was a nice surprise. We arrived shortly before the next Jumparoo Show started so we milled around that front area for a bit. Lots of reptiles to see right out of the gate. Many of those are the younger ones, but I enjoyed seeing the gators using the turtles as pillows. Funny!! The Jumparoo Show is touted as a venue to see "some of the largest alligators in the world actually jump four to five feet out of the water to retrieve food in this famous one-of-a-kind show. " Well perhaps ours was a flukey day, but don't be expecting that especially if your show isn't first thing in the morning. They are clearly not starving reptiles and most of them didn't even blink an eye at the sight of the chicken  until "Cooter" (their name not mine!!) starting pulling on their backends and riling them up. Most of them continued happily sunbathing throughout the "thrilling" show and a few got INTO the water, but I'd be surprised if any of them raised themselves more than four or five INCHES out of the water. Not a show I would watch again, especially given the very poor "comedy" act (and that's using the word comedy quite loosely). As others have allueded to some of the content could be construed as sexist (and I'm no Gloria Steinem by any stretch of the imagination), but I really don't want to be hearing about how Bubba could use a date or hear Cooter giving out his phone number (I wished I could remember the tacky pickup lines that proceeded those comments). Big ole 1 star for this show. Gator Wrestlin' is intentended to showcase "gator wranglers catch a 6 to 8 foot alligator by hand and climb onto the snapping animal's back to point out survival features to the audience." Okay, well at least Brandon was funny (and not overly sexist either). Still seems like a stupid thing to do and I'm not quite sure how I feel about the role the alligators play in this "show." Not certain the "educational" elements override the pure "sensationalism" of the act (course it was neat to see the alligator eased off to dreamland, though.) 2.5 stars for this one. Missed out on the Upclose Encounters, but those sound like a more educational and interesting show. However, we did get to feed one of the parks three Tortoises. $5 bought the three of us entrance into the Tortoises' enclosure along with a skewered piece of sweet potato. That was pretty neat to hear and see him crunch away on his snack. What I am apalled by is that people are putting their kids on these gentle giants' backs and what's WORSE is that the park staff is okay with it. I specifically asked as we left the exhibit about it and the employee said that it's not of concern to them. Really?? The world famous San Diego Zoo prohibited their patrons from riding the Tortoises way back in the early 70s!!!  Gatorland is a good 40 years behind the times. Catch up guys! Allie's Barnyard was fun for the younger crowd (and admittedly older ones, too). You don't actually go in if I remember correctly, but you go around the gates and can touch and feed through the fencing. Typical menagerie of goats, sheep, etc. White Gator Swamp is pretty unique to see. Definitely a must on the Gatorland tour. They have 4 leucistic alligators. NOT albinos (see photo in  the YELP gallery to learn more). It is a very rare genetic occurence in the wild, so a one-of-a-kind thing to experience here. (5 stars!) Favorite part had to be the Breeding Marsh. 100 females and 30 elite males reside in this part of the park. You can definitely have some up close encounters with them as the fencing is short and the alligators aren't shy. The birds (many types of egrets, for example) are just beautiful and it provides some drop-dead gorgeous panoramas. For this area alone I would go back to Gatorland. Don't miss out on this part. Can't imagine what it's like during nesting season. (5 stars+) Gatorland could class-up there act (I know it's part of their "charm" as-is), but let's at least put the animals' welfare ahead of some of that hill-billy "charm." Also, they could do a much better job teaching us the difference between crocodiles and alligators for those who don't already know. Of course, kids will like it regardless of it's unrefined ways, I am sure.
Gatorland is better now that it was 20 years ago, the reason, a great zip-line experience.  The park is in good condition and seems clean with a great kids' water splash area, free parking, the drinks' prices were reasonable compared to other theme parks, and the shows were very educational and entertaining.  The only thing that I would change is the closing time of the park; it should be to 6 or 7pm so the people doing the zip-line experience get the change to explore the park without a rush.  I would like to go back to take my nephew.  Groupon deal of 2 for 1 was a plus.
Always wanted to check this place out whenever in Florida but always got side tracked by other parks. Finally got to it and was pleasantly surprised. The park is huge there is so much to see and it is all beautiful. We took are time looking at everything, and even tried to feed the Gators but the darn birds kept stealing the hot dogs away. When the hot dogs were done the huge pterodactyl like things kept following me! I was terrified! LOL There are so many different gators to see and other animals to explore. The breeding marsh kept me in awe. This place is a great place for a day away from the usual amusement parks with the family. The trails are beautiful and relaxing as well. I would recommend this park to any body.
I love Gatorland! Don't miss a stroll through the breeding marsh and "the jungle" to get the full gator experience! They even have Nile and Cuban crocodiles!
First of all, the picture someone posted of a chicken tender freaked the hell out of me when I first looked up "Gatorland" on yelp.  WTF?   All right, on with the review.  Gatorland, oh how you try so hard.  You not only have a multitude of gators, but a hodgepodge of other animals as well.  Flocks and flocks of birds.   A 90 year old tortoise the size of a mini cooper.  A cage o' iguanas.  Some snakes behind glass.  A random water park with plastic gators that spew out water.  The gator theme seemed a little lost at times, but it all came together in some strange way... It was interesting and I had a great time.  But I think the only way I'd return is if I downed a six-pack pre-gatorland.
Gatorland is a Florida classic. You won't find glittering theme rides or sparkling lagoons here. What you will find is a more "natural" attraction with lagoons filled with giant alligators. Gatorland really plays up the hillbilly thing, naming its Gator Jumparoo performers "Cooter" and "Bubba". Yee Haw!! It's actually really fun. I've lived in Florida all my life and remember going to Gatorland as a child. They have been improving the park ever since. They added a splash pad/playground that really helps beat the Florida heat and after the fire in 2006 they completely remodeled the entrance and gift shop (and saved the classic gapping gator mouth entrance!). You'll walk through the gift shop as you exit and it is filled with tons of neat Florida memorabilia. Not your typical junky tourist trap stuff either (but yes, they do have some). The park isn't huge but they do have many lagoons with varying sized gators, from the babies up front to the behemoths in the breeding pond. They still allow you to feed the gators, which entails buying some hot dogs and bopping the gators in the head with them (I'm a bad throw; the gators didn't seem to mind!). So much of the park is hands on, from the petting zoo, the aviary (filled with parakeets), the close encounter show, gator wrestling and many photo opps. The admission prices are so cheap ($10 for FL residents) that you don't mind paying a little extra for food or pictures. There is a train ride ($2 extra) and a nice Splash Pad and playground. I really wanted to let my son try out the splash pad but it was closed. We walked around it; it looks awesome! (*see picture) There is a small café in back that serves fried grub. They do offer gator nuggets, so you can feed, pet, hold, wrestle AND eat the gators. Our nuggets were overcooked and a bit tough and lacked a tasty dipping sauce. It would be really nice if the dining area was air conditioned, the fans just don't cut it! The park was exceptionally clean but the employees were hit or miss friendly.
There's a lot to do here: The gator wrestling was way cool; the jumparoo for the chickens was fun; the train tour that takes you around the whole park'; the bird feedings; the gator feeding, where you buy hot dogs and toss then in the swamps and the gators will eat it, but it must be on his side, because they can't see too good in front of them. I kept hitting them on top of their heads with the hot dog chunks--they were kind of freaking out! There was also a reptile show that was pretty cool. The employees seem to really enjoy working there. There's great scenic walking up and around all kinds of interesting things. At first I figured maybe we'd be there an hour or two tops, but we were their for over 3 hours. The kids I think would really enjoy it and us big grown-ups won't be disappointed.
This place was more fun than what I expected! Just keep in mind that you'll end up paying extra for the other things once you stepped inside the park. Pure evil I tell you! At the admissions gate, you will have your choice of buying a regular admission ticket for around $21, or a "Grunt adult package" for $31.94. I would recommend the grunt package because this lets you ride the train, feed the alligators, and sit on an alligator for a photo. However, the grunt package can't have any discounts. One of the first things I did was feed the alligators. They give you four turkey wieners to feed any gator in the park (except for the ones behind glass). I thought this was really cool and I know that kids will get a kick out of this too! It's amazing interacting with these creatures and watching them chomp down on food that you throw at them. The wieners come with the grunt package or you can buy them separately, but honestly though you could probably just buy your own at the grocery store and sneak them in. Along with the grunt package, you get to sit on an alligator while holding their mouth for a photo! Of course, the photo costs extra ($10.64 for a 5x7) but worth it! I couldn't help to feel sorry for the little guy though. Lots of people ranging from all ages and weight squat over it's back repetitively throughout the day. The alligator's mouth is taped shut and forced to lift it's head up as people take their photo each time too. Note: It does have a chance to swim back into the water after everyone take's their pictures, but they leave the tape on. The train ride was kind of boring and really slow. The "conductors" seemed really used to the job and less enthusiastic (but I don't blame them). You can't really see that much from the train ride either since there are too many bushes in the way. Not worth it. There are more than just gators in the park. Food, shows, birds, petting zoo, and zip lining (new). RECOMMENDATIONS: -Expect to pay extra in the park for photos, food, and gift shop -Have someone available to take pictures for you so you don't have to buy from the photo booth. Make sure you look at YOUR camera as you take the picture and not the paid photographer. -If it rains, wait it out at the park. Some of the exhibits are under covered patios and the rain usually doesn't last too long. Gatorland knows that they are in a rainy state. -If you want to have the picture of dozens of alligators behind you, they only offer that around 1-2 pm (but verify the time because I'm not sure ). -Buy the grunt package so you can ride the train, feed the gators, and sit on one for photo. Some people waited in line for the alligator photo shoot but ended up walking out because they bought the wrong one.
Bat guano essence near the entrance. Bird poop from the nesting grounds that happen to cover the main walkway. Raw hot dog juice all over you from feeding the gators. Apparently the fish in the brown, stinky water is tilapia. You will either be pooped on or eaten by a mosquito within the first 15 minutes of entry. Gators in every possible age and size; but since you're not allowed to play with them, the petting zoo is more popular (the potbellied pig must have been running amok too long, as it's hairy and a bit loony like a boar). And bless their hearts for having the bat and bird sanctuaries on the property, but man it smells. I will never think of tilapia in the same way again. Great gift store. But figure that at least hot dog juice is all over everything. Heh. I said hot dog juice.
It was an amazing place, however, I've been to Everglades before and I can tell that the shows could have been more attractive.
Greaaat for kids.... awright fir adults. Huge man eating gators.
Gatorland is a fun side attraction when visiting Orlando!  When visiting Gatorland you must always remember that this park was conceived and built about 20 years before Walt Disney World strolled into town! It is full of old Florida Charm, and helps you see what Central Florida would have looked and been like had Walt Disney decided to not build here! It has 3 shows, all of which are entertaining and educational.  The breeding marsh is pretty intense as it is full of giant alligators!   The swamp walk is a great place to kind of loose yourself, and explore some beautiful untouched wilderness right in the middle of Central Florida! All in all it is a great break from the fast paced hustle and bustle of the mainstream parks! If you find yourself at Gatorland with this in mind you won't be disappointed!
20 dollar admission? SWEET! Anyways I was here last week during mlk weekend and its quite cold. I got to see all the shows. I got (un)luckily selected from the audience in Close Encounters. Had to hold out my hand with my eyes closed, and of course I get something I absolutely am afraid of. But I won't spoil it for you guys :-) Gator wrestling, not really found of sitting on the poor gators. My only complaint of the whole place is that they should emphasized hand washing after handling gators and reptiles and snakes. The place can be finished in about 3-4 hours. Good half day trip. Oh and 5 dollars worth of turkey dogs is enough for two people to feed gators. Watch out for the birds! Make sure feed the young ones. They are more hungry. The big guys only care for big chickens. Oh and cold weather means gators aren't as active. Hopefully in the summer they will be when its warm. Explore, read up, take a picture holding the gator, walk, and feed. Its a cheap day for this tourist!
OH YEAH! Let's go 'rassle some gators! Come on, let's not get too carried away, Ryan. Gatorland is a realistic swamp habitat for some of the oldest creatures on earth. Gator wrestling just happens to be a part of it. It's what keeps the crowds and the money coming in. Go on a day when it's not too crowded. You might get a private viewing of alligator feeding. I must say, they get some pretty delicious-looking steaks. And if you can believe it, the food stands offer alligator nuggets. Needless to say, this probably wouldn't be the best place to bring your animal activist friends. But if you're in the mood for some good old-fashioned entertainment, go to one of the oldest roadside attractions still in business. AN' HELP THE CROWD PICK OUT A GATOR FOR ME TO 'RASSLE! Yeah! Come on!
So lame it's cool. I visited a friend in Orlando and I had a day to myself so I headed to Gatorland. The admission is a bit steep for what it is, but I had a blast checking out the animals, swamp area, and the Bubba and Cooter feeding show. This place is completely hokey, old, and smelly, but worth the visit.
Gators, Gators and more Gators. This is another rarity. A Roadside Attraction that has stood the test of time. Photo ops galore. Have your photo taken on the back of 6' gator, or holding a baby 2 ' gator. There are several shows including and audience participation snake show. How about a small terain ride around the park to see animals you cannot ordinarly see? You could easily spend the entire day here. Be sure to wear a hat and stay hydrated in the summer. It gets REAL hot. The massive gift shop is a bit pricey. You might only want to get a couple of souvenirs. Ample parking with a very friendly staff and ENJOY!!!
Now with 20% less rednecks! I remember going to Gatorland about 10 years ago and it seemed to be swarming with a large amount of confederate flag t-shirts and mullets.  Now it seems to be popular with the general tourist population and also British and German tourists.  I am assuming that part of this is their now greater mass appeal with more shows, a large water play area, more food options and more of a "park" feel.   They have three main shows, a close up critter encounter, gator wrestling and the world famous "Gator Jumparoo" where gators jump into the air to snare some raw chicken.  All the shows are cute and worth seeing and I also would recommend buying the hot dogs to feed the gators throughout the park with.   There is also a upcharge ($2) train attraction and a few snack locations.  They also have one larger outdoor restaurant which has normal theme park fair in addition to the opportunity to try Gator Nuggets and Ribs.  Both are worth trying just to say you did! The one thing which rubbed me the wrong way was the constant selling of photos after the shows - it was a bit carnival barker like, but it seemed that a lot of people were buying them so it must be working!
My husband and I were looking for an attraction that wasn't ride or movie orientated.  Gatorland was the perfect fit! They have a petting zoo, which have lots of different animals from pigs to birds.  You can feed them as well as the gators.  I HIGHLY suggest feeding the birds!  That was one of the coolest things ever.  You may get bird poop on you but its well worth it! If you go try to see at least one show too, they are all fun and everything there is family orientated.
Gator Jumparoo is fun to watch. All staffs are very friendly. Other two shows are not that exciting. Actually, watching tourists put their new born babies on top of a live gator for pictures after the show amuses me more than the show itself. Whether I would do that or not is a different story. The marsh area is very nice, very close to what a natural habitat would be. You are able to see gators, variety of birds, insects, turtles... but it is small, you can walk around the whole marsh area within 45 mins. I'm not too thrilled about the other fenced and caged animal areas. Especially that poor black bear, locked in a small caged area with very little plantation. A larger scale zoo probably will be a better place for him. After all, it is a "gator" land, do they really need to have a bear there for display? Overall, I don't think what Gatorland delivers lives up to the ticket price they ask for. I had way better time spent in Brazos Bend state park ( it is an alligator natual reserve in Texas) than here. Maybe I just rather see animals live in their natural environment than be in cages and put on shows.
Definitely worth the price of admission. Plenty for little kids to do without spending Disney Level Dollars... Unfortunately the alligator wrestler couldn't get the alligator to open his mouth and the jumperoo show wasn't that great since the alligators wouldnt jump for the food... Other than that it was a great time.
Great! Gabe is wonderful! I'm going to be honest this all started as a joke between me and my girlfriend because of the description of the Gator Night Shine Tour...."Armed with only a flashlight and a few hot dogs, you bravely make your way along the winding wooden walkways of Gatorland's Alligator Breeding Marsh." How could we resist!? We were down for Walt Disney World of course, but we had to give it a shot and we definitely don't regret it! I can't speak for the actual park because we only did the night tour but it was so much fun! Our tour guides name was Gabe and he was great. He was a nice guy and he definitely knew his stuff. We started off on a high note and we really never came down! Right off the bat Gabe brought out a gator and explained some anatomy and let us hold the gator and take some pictures. Throughout the rest of the tour we were able to hold a python, skink, and tarantula. After that we were able to see lots of gators and crocs and then we got to feed the gators which was great fun. All in all this was a great experience, we had some great experiences and were able to learn some great new facts. I can't speak for what happens during the day, but the night tour is definitely worth it!
Like Yelper Marie D., we also had a few hours to kill before a 5:00 flight back to Philly. After driving out from Cocoa Beach, we set sights on Gatorland. I was skeptical when I saw the price, but with AAA discount and in-laws now officially qualifying as Seniors, the woman at the admission booth actually helped us knock the price down. Huzzah! Inside? Well, lots of gators. Big uns, little uns, ones with birds standing on their backs, ones with smiles, ones willing to get wrasteled. That was the only show we had time to see- the gator wrestling- but it was semi-entertaining. Actually, it seemed to be a pretty one-sided fight...the gator seemed like he was just being harassed and wanted to go back in his watery trough. Maybe they doped him up at 9 AM...who knows. We also took a swamp walk which was pretty neat(lots of swamp, but no creatures to be seen). Also, the white gators were pretty cool, as was the big gator who made a name for himself eating dogs off the ends of leashes before being "imprisoned" at gatorland. Kids also enjoyed the petting zoo, snakes, and the abundant birds that populated the park...obviously, no one told them they were likely to become dinner. Why do they stand on the gator's backs? That's all we had time to do before running off to grab lunch and pay a visit to the friendly TSA officials. Verdict? Not quite as enthusiastic as some other yelpers, partially because the place kind of smacked of "tourist trap" to me, but then again, maybe there was more to be seen that would have changed my mind. Actually, I can out-suggest your gator-sighting proclivities if you feel a need to go to gatorland. We took a trip to the Merritt Island Wildlife Refuge near Kennedy Space Center and we had a blast fining real, live, un-captivitied, renagade, real-animal eating gators there. Ok, so we only saw 19 on that trip, but they were the real deal. We saw most along "Bio-Lab Road", a 4 mile long rural stretch along the bay, again, within sight of Cape Canaveral. Also, the Black Ridge Road tour was very good, and gave us a few more gator sightings, from the comfort of our steel-reinforced van. All the fun of gator sighting without the cost of admission, or offers for "you with the gator" photos, gator charactures, gator pretzels, gator gift shops, gator maple syrup, etc., etc., ad nasaum. Yup, I'd go back, but again, not the same 5-star enthusiasm of others. Maybe if I'd have had more time, I'd have been able to ask why birds stand on the backs of gators. Maybe next time.
Gatorland is great for Florida residents because its less crowded and less expensive than our other attractions. Its entertaining and they add new exhibits and change up the shows from time to time. They now offer zip lining over the Gator Pit ( NO Way!) They are currently building the FLORIDA Panther Exhibit.  I can not wait for it to finish so I can go back and see it! I love the Fudge and you can get that fair/festival fresh squeezed lemon-aid all year round at gatorland!
Fun!!! Had a good time at Gatorland. Not a big fan of the redneck themed animal cruelty sessions known as "Gaor wrasslin" and "Gator Jumparoo". But able to overlook those in favour of the big picture, which is a huge swamp filled with gators so free range that the only clue they are in captivity is the hot dogs that get tossed at them. The breeding Marsh Loop, and Swamp Walk are wonderful walks through truly natural habitats, complete with spiders, frogs, turtles, all kinds of fish, mosses, plants, air plants, totally fascinating, and what I will return for. There are some smaller themed enclosures with Crocodiles, and the Lucky White Gators. Parrots are everywhere, there is an aviary of little brightly colored birds that eat off sticks while you hold them ($1 and worth it), a petting zoo with goats and small cows, and terrariums with snakes. Train ride is $2...we skipped it, it is very slow....good for smaller kids. There is also a spash playground, and some more animals we didn;t find about until we left, Definitely recomend this Old Roadside Attraction (Did not eat anything....had an iced tea...no lids or straws...because you know you might want to throw them at a gator)
I literally have nothing bad to say.  We were so impressed with every aspect of our visit. The prices are better than reasonable. The park itself is educational and entertaining. The staff members were all very friendly and rugged looking. I recommended this attraction to every person we encountered who was looking for ideas on what to do while in Orlando.  Even the food was delicious. Very impressed, as I said, with all aspects of the park
Long before Disney there was Gatorland. I've lived in Central Florida my entire life and have great memories of visiting. I went recently with my wife and daughter and was pleased to see that they have made some cool additions to the park--most notably a big splash park for the kids. The torus are informative and entertaining. They have several shows and hands-on exibits. It's not Disney World but you shouldn't really expect it to be. It's a really fun afternoon with the family for a reasonable price.
Gatorland is definitely a spot not to be missed. There aren't too many places in the world where you can get so darn close to Alligators in a controlled environment (so you hope). If you're lucky you can catch the wranglers stringing out whole chickens on a laundry line into the middle of a pond full of gators.  It's truly crazy.  If you've seen Jackass the movie, you know what I'm talking about. In addition to the various reptiles you can view here you can also get your picture taken holding a baby gator with a giant snake around your neck. It's all good fun and a great family attraction to visit.
whoa.... wow....   This place is so amazing I hit enter too early and it posted! FORGET those OTHER ATTRACTIONS...   You can bring the Mouse and feed it to the gators.... I hear famous mice taste like chicken! I have been to many places as a bus driver, this tops all of them!   Part of this is ironic, I was telling a friend that I hadn't seen any gators and then minutes later I was driving to this place with some kids from church! They even have an Ex-husband eating gator... That's Chester. He's about 1000lbs with a bite force of 3000lbs... that means ex-husband gone in one gulp! (devious heckling sounds) (and sorry ladies, he has eat any ex-husbands...yet!) Don't worry, you will see Gators... these rejected Gucci handbags are quite active... and then there are some that are just waiting for the camera basking in the sun. They have a bunch of little side shows... gator wrestling, critters guessing (not for those with weak stomachs) and you can't forget the best part.... Gator Jumping! Heads up THIS IS A TOURIST ATTRACTION... they WANT YOUR MONEY... so bring extra as there are some cool things you need it for... Pictures with Gator, feeding hot dogs to the Gator... Pictures is snakes... oooh and you can sit on a gator too.... The employees are hilarious and helpful... they put on great shows with laughter and comedy.... I also saw a zip line above that looked cool... this costs extra! Plenty of parking and food on site. Recommend bringing a lunch (we brought food in, don't see why you couldn't) Have a great time with the Gators...
Found a groupon for a deal that was 2 for $69.99 zip line adventure that included the entrance admission! Super awesome deal! Typically it is $69.99 per person for the zip line adventure which includes admission! (If you are not there for the zip line adventure it is about $25 to get it. ) We were impressed with all the gators and the zip line adventure. We had an incredible amount of fun considering that we are two early twenty adults. The zip line adventure goes over gators and you get to race someone in your group at the last zipline :) our guides were tons of fun and overall our experience was great! After the zip line you can buy the images that were taken throughout the zip line adventure. We bought the CD with all our images (about 50) for the 2 of us for $35. We decided we could always get them printed on shirts, mouse pads, etc elsewhere if we chose to. We also tipped our guides $10 for both. Not sure how much is tipped but the group we were with suggested about $5 each. Alcohol is served throughout the park and there are a few shows that are included with admission. There are several opportunities to get your picture taken with a gators as well. I would recommend to all age groups!
We did the new "Screamin' Gator Zip Line"  via a Groupon offered this past week.  It was a really fun activity with knowledgable staff and admission all day to the park. I wouldn't recommend this for people that are afraid of heights as it is pretty high and you have to walk across a wood plank bridge 6 stories in the air.  You also cannot bring a camera with you, but they do have a photographer who will take pictures you can buy at the end.   They are usually running deals for the zip line, so make sure to check out the website or Groupon.  Our ticket cost $34 per person.
We went to Gatorland on a whim, with some time to kill while in Fl. Not much to say but incredible.  You think you'd get bored seeing gators among more gators and then some more gators.  Look.  You have to see the shows.  There's only 3 of them and you should go ahead and watch all three.  Then there's the train with the "bad" jokes, but its entertaining.  And you can even feed hotdogs to the gators. It's the most white trash thing I've ever done besides go to a Nascar event, but it was reasonably priced, and it took up the whole day.  Great places for photos... and you can even hold a sit on a gator and get a picture.  The best part is, they (the staff) know how much of a robbery it is to charge you for the pictures so they don't even try to force sell it too you like that... they recommend you take your own pictures. I'd go there with my kids if we ever had time to waste in Fl, once I have some... I'm ultimately glad we went
I still LOVE Gatorland!!! We visited again this weekend and they have made some improvements. There is now an aviary where you can by a stick of bird food for $1 and there are about 200 small birds (parakeets) that sit on your hand and eat the food. Well, only 2 or 3 sit on your hand at a time... Also, they still have their white gators. So gorgeous! Not sure if they are now a permanent attraction, but very unique and worth the trip! Florida residents can get tickets for like $9 right now (through the summer). Also, they built a new stage for the Jumparoo show, which makes viewing from any part of the audience easier. Way to go Gatorland... a fantastic Central Florida 1/2 attraction!!
Gatorland was great! I expected this to be kind of rinky dink and dorky. I was VERY pleasantly surprised. Honestly I was expecting a park where all the animals seem kind of miserable. Gatorland is more of a gator sanctuary than anything. They have TONS of space (some open water, some swampy, some land). I was also shocked at the amount of gators they have. Sure, Gatorland = gators, I get it. But I was blown away at how many gators they had. They have a neat little splash pad for the kids (wish I'd known as I'd have brought my toddler's bathing suit), and a playground as well. It was hot as hell when we went, so we didn't stay for as long as I'd have liked. They also have snakes, cougars, birds and tortoises (turtles maybe?). I'm sure they have a TON more animals I didn't list, but like I said we didn't get the FULL Gatorland effect. They have descriptive signs out which are both informative and humorous. It was 9.99 for me (FL resident), and 9.99 for both my aunt and uncle (senior discount), so not a bad deal. I even got a return ticket which was pretty neat. They have NO a/c anywhere in the park (except for the gift shop, go figure), so plan accordingly. Food is mediocre (as are most amusement parks) and overpriced. I'd love this place even more if they had some shelter with a/c. There's shows, photo ops, petting zoos, ziplining...just lots to do. I definitely plan on returning with my hubby and kids when the weather cools off a bit.
It's not Disney but it has its place. Great place if your looking to kill a half a day on your Florida vacation. Pros: Inexpensive, quick, entertaining, plenty of gators and gator shows Cons: None I recommend taking your picture sitting on the alligator (seriously).
Lots of screaming kids, but I just grab 'em, dangle 'em over the edge, and whadya know, my problem is solved.
Let's see...Gator Jumparoo ('you're about to see a gator do something he wouldn't normally do in nature')...the gator hatchery (which ends with a trip to the gift shop--selling gator skin wallets--and the restaurant that serves fried gator bites)...and gator wrestling.  It was all a bit disturbing to me. I once worked on a commercial here.  Got stuck back in the swamp in the rain one day.  Got food poisoning another (not from Gatorland food!).  So perhaps my memories are bias due to memory of being in a rainy swamp with gators and puking my guts up in said swamp. But Gator Jumparoo still creeps me out, as does ending a visit to cute baby gators by eating their predecessors.
After four years of living in Central Florida, I finally visited Gatorland - and after my experience, I am proud to say that it was a visit worth the wait!! Sure, you won't find any thrill rides or gourmet dining (though the gator nuggets certainly were epicurean fodder) but what you will find is a day full of history, light-hearted fun and of course, GATORS!  This place is not called "Gator capital of the world" for nothing - there are literally hundreds of gators, plus many snakes, birds, tortoises, deer, turkey, em and more!!  On top of the animal exhibits, which are  "view at your own pace" there are several shows and even a train ride. We purchased our tickets with AAA and enjoyed a significant savings, plus the train-ride wristband - I would recommend this, highly, just to get a context of the historical background and park layout. So, if you're like me, and a local that's interested in seeing something new, try this old fan favorite - you just might be surprised!!
When you go to Orlando you definitely go to Walt Disney World first and then Universal, but if you have any extra time in your schedule you must visit Gatorland. If you don't have time, make time! My friend insisted we go and I had no idea why he wanted to go to Gatorland so badly. Everything about it screams tourist trap, but it is much more. Gatorland is a surprisingly charming attraction. We actually squeezed it in at the end of our trip on the day we were leaving. We gave up an extra day at Animal Kingdom and instead packed up and took a cab to Gatorland from Walt Disney World. We called the car service he hired to take us to the airport and had them pick us up at Gatorland instead. One of the managers let us put our luggage in his office while we were there. I've seen alligators at the zoo before, but they are so much more interesting at Gatorland. The exhibits are well designed and I think the large exhibits plus having plenty of company must make the alligators at Gatorland happier than the ones at the zoo. They seem much more active. They have other animals there and shows including the famous gator wrestler, but I think the thing I enjoyed the most was just watching the alligators swim and play with each other. Gatorland is much larger than you'd expect and there is plenty to see. Gatorland is also a working alligator farm. I actually became of fan of alligator meat here. It is delicious! I sometimes want to go back just to eat. Alligator meat is so hard to find and expensive here on the west coast.
I am not a fan of reptiles but thought my son would enjoy tis place. He did really enjoy it. We saw the gator wrestling show and the jumping gator show. Had the short train ride around the park. We went in the middle of August and it was super hot and humid. We could only stay about 3 hours because of the heat. Would have loved t stay longer. This place is very educational. I loved learning about the gators and their habitats even if I didn't like looking at them. They have some really huge gators in there.
Most of the parks in Orlando are set up the same way.. Shows with a schedule and photo Ops (for extra $ course),  everyone acts Disneyish, and the staff performing funny skits. This place was interesting. It's not only a Gator farm, but there were cows and a few birds. The gators are HUGE here. I did see the white ones. The is Park is 100% natural and built on top of a swampland. And there's a trail that goes through the swamps with a sign that warn of rattlesnakes and water moccasins (I didn't see any tho.) Signs tell about the different types of trees there. You can buy food to feed the fish and birds. The jump-a-roo show was pretty funny because they had meat hanging and the gators had to jump out the water to catch it. The wrestling show was cool I enjoyed it. The staff had to grab the Gator by the tail to pull him out of the water. And while doing tricks the Gator snapped his mouth close,  almost biting the poor guy! I've had my fair share of seeing tarantulas and snakes up close and petting them so I didn't find the Close Encounters show very fascinating . we had tarantulas and pet snakes in class when I was younger. I only paid $10 as a Florida resident but if I don't think it's worth the full price. And then if you tack on everything else (zip lining and photo op of sitting on the Gator)Library which was decent only $10,)  you can easily spend a ton of $ there.
We didn't have any expectations of Gatorland, but we walked away impressed.  Not just that there were gators, but a) there were so many and varied gators (large, small, albino), b) the sheer size of this place (vast) and c) the various animals on property (can you same Emu's and Cows?).  As someone else mentioned, Gatorland is more animal sanctuary than strictly a home for gators.  All staff we encountered were respectful in their dealing with the animals, which says a lot. Also, if you're there on a hot day, as we were, my advice is to pace yourself, take a break so the sun doesn't drain your energy.  All in all, a good time, as well as an educational time, was had a Gatorland.
We picked this place because we were looking for a cheesy roadside adventure...this was soo much more. We found a clean well maintained park with lots to do.  A water play area for the kids to cool off, multiple shows with audience involvement, a nature/swamp walk that just kept going and a great zip line with fun young people egging you on. The park was larger than expected and the only cheesy thing was the jokes in the shows.
This place is awesome! For a fraction of the  cost of most of the other Orlando theme parks you can get a full day of entertainment. GATORLAND not only has gators but...giant turtles, birds, snakes, a petting zoo, food stands, a blonde raccoon, Florida panthers and more!!! FL residents pay only $9.99 admission! Win, win!!!!!!
LOVE THIS PLACE! I've gone both times I've been to Orlando and loved it both times. I highly recommend buying/bringing hot dogs and throwing them at the alligators! The canary feeding is great, as well as all of the shows especially the alligator wrestling. If you have kids, come to Gatorland. If you don't have kids... come to Gatorland.
Used to go here every summer while visiting the grandparents...it is SO delightfully white trash it boggles the mind! There are a lot of STLB's (Short- top, Long-back or mullets) hanging around and some little kid with a tank top on with the remains of a Popsicle all over their face and clothes with their father yelling in the background "CLEETUS! COME AND TAKE A LOOK AT THIS HERE GATOR!!!" soooo fun!
I had a blast, family didn't want to go because they are scared of the gators, but I went anyway and had a awesome time, got to talk to the guys from the show and they seemed like some down to earth folk. thank you. now if I can only get my family to go next time.
Took advantage of the Florida resident special and was hoping to get the opportunity to feed my fiance to a gator. I never got that chance but I did get to see lots of gators. Its something you gotta do once.
Well, what can I say about this place other than it was AWESOME.  Whenever I'd see an advertisement for this place, I would think that it's a total tourist trap.  They'd have a couple of gators in cages and bilk you of your money.  HOWEVER, I was sorely mistaken.  There were literally PILES and PILES of gators.  This place also boasts many unique experiences (for an added fee but who cares) like feeding and commingling with giant tortoises, sitting on a gator, ziplining over gator gulches, and feeding gators.  All of the shows are entertaining for all ages.  Food is crap but I expected nothing less.  I was blessed to have gone on such a nice day that it was just a pleasure to walk around this place.  I'm in my late 20's and I had such a great time, I would definitely go back.
We visited Gatorland in Orlando, FL last 4.21.2014.  My husband and I saw  alligators; baby gators, small, medium, large, mega size (14 feet), even albino ones. Much to our surprise and delight, we marveled at hundreds of nesting birds; ibis, blue heron, anhinga right by the walkways. The birds build their nests on branches of trees over the water, filled with gators. The alligators protect the eggs from predators like snakes, raccoons, rodents, etc. Strolling by the main pond were peacocks, ducks and vultures. The flamingos stood out with their vivid orange/pink color. A variety of parrots and snakes attracted guests. Land animals...cattle, goats, deer, as well as,large long snouted, speckled fish in the lagoon were "treats." The multitude of wild life and Florida "native" species thriving in a clean, healthy and well maintained facility were wonderful to see.Really good, well spent day.... Dr. R. Shaw
Fun, fun, fun!  Go feed the birds in the avary, best fun Ever for 1$.
Had fun! I bet the "Gator Boys" on TV won't attempt to catch or wrestle the Aligators here! Their Alligators are all pretty much over 13 feet long and weigh like 1,000 Lbs! Literally! The Gators that they wrestle on-site are little as hell! Prolly 5-7ft long and under 150 Lbs. I was disappointed! But I really enjoyed this place! They had Alligators AND Crocodiles in the same lake and the Crocodiles fought the Alligators and Debo'd them out of the Lake That was awesome! The White Alligators were HUGE too!
Wholesale family fun for the entire family.  Aside from gators be prepared to see snakes, birds, and farm animals.  The experience was interesting but honestly not worth the ticket price of $25, however we went down the road to Greater Orlando Discount Tickets and saved $5 per ticket which is a better savings then just using the coupon from their website.  Although this place is interesting be prepared to do some walking and don't plan your whole day around it.  If you see all the exhibits, take the walk thru the nature trails, climb the treehouse lookout station (recommended), and linger you can be in/out in 2-3 hours.
This place is so much fun! I went with a large group to do the screamin gator zip lines, and I was scared out of my mind! But the instructors with our group were awesome and really kept us entertained the whole time. I think it's around $50-$60 if you want to zip line from tower to tower and it lasts about 2 hours. You get to zip line over the trees and gator exhibits, and at the end you get to race your friends. I didn't get to explore the park too much, but there are gators everywhere (obviously) even white gators! And you can get pretty close to all the animals in the park. The only thing I really got to see was the gator wrestlin, and those guys really put on a show too. I would definitely come again.
One of my favorite spots in south Orlando.
Photography pass is great. 7:30am-8am  on the south gate. $20 at the gate good for all day. In April by about noon the light is starting to get very harsh. Birds on the nest with eggs, chickens and some juveniles. Lots gators, Egrets great and snowy, Tricolors, Blue Herons and Green Herons.  One really nice thing is they brush down the walkway and handle-rails every morning to clean of the bird poo.
No complaints here. Yes the gators are well fed and lazy, but do you really want to see the gators eat the birds and small gators? Good signage explaining the sights and the history. Try the train ride, it gives a nice tour of the facility, and you can ride it all day. Cracker cattle, crocs, lots of gators, and lots of birds. With the observation walk and decks you can be eye level with egrets, herons, and cormorants. Nice enclosure for the panthers, the swamp walk is awesome! Ask about the military discount service members and vets!
Gatorland is awesome!  We spent the same amount if time here as we did Magic Kingdom. The zip line is so much fun and you get a ton of photos if you buy the CD. Feeding the gators is cool and we were even able to get our pictures taken sitting in a real gator. The kids absolutely love it here. The price is reasonable. We will return again.
We Loved Gatorland.  Just went to Gatorland on our last day in Florida.  Promised my 18 year old daughter we would all attempt zip lining also.  Checked around noon for an opening in reservations and they could get 4 of us in at 4:30 so we could check out some of the other things offered at the park.  Went on the train, took a tour and showed up a bit early for the zip line and were offered a spot with the 3:45 group and it was amazing.  Dad was pretty freaked out due to heights, a sore knee and just being a scardy cat.  The 16 yr. boy loved it and so did the 18 yr daughter.  Im 50 and I loved it.   So worth the $69.00 each as I can compare it with Sea Wortd, Typhoon Lagoon, and Air boating.   Three of us would definitely do it again...not sure about the old guy, he believes we have been getting way too many laughs at his expense.
interesting place to spend an afternoon. the three shows kept me entertained, silly, informative and fun. I love those little baby gators and the giant white gators. you can buy turkey hotdogs to feed them, but be aware of those crazy birds, they followed me around to steal those from the gators!! it was cute at first, but after a while, I was screaming " get away!! I paid to feed the gators!!" those birds were so greedy, they even stood in front of the hotdog stands and waited for food.. take my advise, do not feed them, they'll follow u home. ya, but overall, i spent a happy 4 hour afternoon there ( including shopping ) definitely recommend to family with kids, they'll love it
This was hands down my favorite attraction on my trip to Orlando. I rated gator land better than both Universal Studios and Epcot at Disney. Yes each of those places had great thrills, but the overall experience you get from gator land is simply wonderful. Obviously if you are not into animals or specifically reptiles this isn't your cup of tea. Besides the multiple pits and swamps of American alligators and freshwater crocodiles there are a ton of other wildlife here. The might a say weird display of snakes offers common snakes you'll find along the eat coast. There are emu's in the nature walk, a vast flock of flamingoes near an alligator pit, and Macaw's and other parrots near the feeding aviary. You can also see some cool fish in almost all of the habitats in gator land. The three shows they offer are cool and informative although the alligator jumparoo show does take the hillbilly theme a little too far.
When you think of Florida, how can you NOT think of gators? Even just driving through tourist area Orlando, I would see a bunch of little bodies of water and I can just imagine seeing those gator eyes pop up from the murky water, maybe even raising and alternating in rhythm just like the one in Peter Pan. Ok, so that was a croc. I was hit with rain on 2 days straight toward the end of my trip. "NOOO, I need to see a gator." The ones at Gaylord Palms did not satisfy my gator sightings (more on that later). Finally the night before I was to leave, I decided to postpone my flight to have more time in the morning and take the trip to Gatorland! Bf and I got the grunt package, and paid a little extra to get a more upclose chance to feed a gator huge chunks of meat. I could not contain my excitement. Love that one of the first sights was a water area that held close to 30 smaller gators. Score! I needed to see everything. From the snakes, to the giant white gators, to the barn animal, even the pesky birds following my every move for a chance at that hot dog piece to feed the gators, I had to see them. It was the first time I've seen a snake exhibit when that reptile was not just lying there baking in the heat lamp. This one snake followed my every move of my finger against the glass. I had never seen anything like the white gators they had. Seeing the gators splash in the water to attempt to beat the birds to the hot dog chunks always scared me with delight. Seeing tons of them...even better. I had to laugh at a group of flamingos in the distance following each other back and forth: "to the right...now to the left, and to the right again." The shows were actually entertaining, at least the Gator Wrestling and the Up Close Encounters. I got a chance to carry a huge python and it was happily trying to curl it's tail around my body. Then sitting on top of a gator to have my picture taken was awesome! Nevermind it's mouth is taped shut. And I made some little girl jealous when I was talking to one of the macaws and it said "hello" multiple times to me. Having a billion parakeets attack me for a chance at a bird seed stick scared me just a little bit. All in all, I loved this place and if I ever made my way back to Orlando, I'd go again. Reasonable prices for everything. Stay hydrated because it's so humid.  Spent about 3 1/2 hours day which is a good amount of time.
I came here when i was a kid and it's fun when you are young or you are fascinated by alligators but when you get older this becomes kind of boring, besides looking at the live animals there is some pretty good restaurants and live shows with people playing around with the gators right in front of you and it is a real.
Really, really expensive. They charge for EVERYTHING (ie, fish food, goat food, gator food). Basically, you walk around the pond with gators. Save your money.
Despite the dated name, this is a well kept, clean, and fun alternative to the bigger parks in the area. It's inexpensive for a family to come for the day, especially if you take advantage of a coupon or discount for AAA or former military. It is very clean and well maintained,and the animals all appear in good health, and, fortunately for the gators, well fed. LOTS of different varieties of animals to see, not just native to the area. If you don't like snakes, they're in one area and easy to avoid. Food? There's a snack bar at the end, Pearl's Patio, has some very tasty pulled pork sandwiches and onion rings. Get a collectible cup for inexpensive refills. Try the zipline! It's five runs, with a wooden bridge connecting two of the closer towers. The highest point is about 60 feet up, and the views alone are worth it. The zipline guides are funny and very concerned with safety. If you are willing to be patient, you can buy your zipline tickets in the gift shop inside the park, and if there are spaces available, they are willing to give a discount in order to fill a group. It's first come-first served, so get there early and ask.
Awesome! My son and I had a blast! They have so much more than just gators to watch up close (which is really cool!). It really is more of an experience than a show. Many of the gators have been saved from assured death due to their offenses. I especially found the white alligators and their rarity quite interesting. Don't miss the gator "jumping" show - ours was the the last show at 4:30pm. Staff was so nice and they really work hard to make it an entertaining time. Oh and our tickets were half off because we showed up about 2pm and they close at 5pm. It worked out great!
Very family friendly.
Please go if you like animals of any kind. The guys running the shows are funny and informative and easy going.     Some of the gators are so big it's ridiculous and, scary and, knowing they are underneath your feet and you can even see them gliding past the floor boards, creeppy and cool.        My favorite place was the Breeding Marsh. Oh man those things are massive and when they do their mating call it's terrifying. Boyfriend said it felt like jurassic park..which in some way it is. (Definitely beats out Universal Studios' Jurassic ride..idea: they should have real gators in the water as you glide through the ride before going into the warehouse and down that crazy steep drop).    Downside, all those damned 3 ft. tall birds scare the shit out of me every time they just happen to walk on the walkway, although when they stand on the backs of the gators it's amusing. I would go all the time if we had something like that here on the west coast.     You can kind of skip all of those small enclosures of single gators because they're boring and it's way hot walking on that dirt path.     Gator nuggets...chicken-ish but denser. Manageable with BBQ sauce. also...Seriously!?!?! They put a zipline over a gator park where were there are gators in a marsh seriously?! ok it's your funeral.
A must see...there are like...a bazillion gators here!
Young kids love this place, especially the boys, so I give it a 3 star rating.  I personally thought it was okay.  You can only spend so much time looking at alligators and other reptiles.  They are pretty slow moving and all pretty much look the same.  I suggest going to at least one show and get the kids picture sitting on an alligator...where else can you do that!
Zip line over aliigators need I say more?
A staple of the Orlando area. It is a great place to bring out the family and enjoy the natural beauty of gators. We have the opportunity to get on one for a picture after the gator wrestling. The zipline looked cool but we opted for the train ride instead. The ride was slow going and not much to see other than a few more gators.
Fun shows.  It does cost more to do the zip line, pose with the python, pose with the alligator, but all worth the smiles on the kids faces. It was both educational and interesting.
My definition of a pretty old school Orlando area attraction.  Gatorland offers a variety of excitement including flamingo watching, gator nuggets, a train ride, petting zoo, animal shows, gators, gators and more gators.  If you are stuck in Florida and looking to do something a little bit off the tourist Disney beat this is a good alternative.
Gatorland is awesome for all ages. Its like living in a steve irwin dream :) Walk around the park and check out the various different pools of gators of all ages and sizes. Three free shows are very exciting. They have tons of birds and a petting zoo and a white alligator, oh my. Great day for a great price.
This is a place to take a family trip especially with lil boys.  My brother and his wife took their nephews there and they loved it.  Its not super huge like Disney.  You can get around and stay up to 2hours more or less.  Try the gator nuggets lol.  The gator ribs is a bit slimy and I spit it out.  Of course my brother wanted to try it at the concession area.  Cool place to watch a few gator shows and ride around on the lil train.  I will have to go again when family visit so I can spend more time there.  Cost per ticket $16-20.
The gator shows are entertaining and funny. In my opinion it's nice that they have them because it gives something else to do than just look at gators. Around the park it is pretty hot so make sure to wear shorts. I went to one of the shops and paid like $4 for a pina colada that wasn't too good. It was like they got the mixer bottle form a grocery store and blended it with ice. There was no pineapple juice or coconut flavor in it. I would come back here in like another year, it's worth it.
GGGGGGGatorland is absolutely amazing if you like reptiles, being outdoors, and having a great time with your family or friends.  You can also buy some gator tail which is a pretty meaty item @ the Snack Bar. Check it out and i promise you will have a good time. "A place to always remember."
Gatorland is a fun place to visit when you want to get out of the Disney hoopla. It is quite large, so I think you can easily spend 2-3 hrs here. If you want a place that's more interactive, you may want to go elsewhere, but for a nice relaxing stroll during a beautiful day, gatorland is the place to be!
I used to go here a lot as a kid and I just went back after maybe 15 years. First of all, I understand inflation, but the tickets have gotten outrageously expensive! I understand that there was a big fire a few years ago and maybe that's the reason, but I think it's turned into the typical tourist trap. Most of it is still the same, but they have added a little water park and playground. The thing I was most excited to see was the gator feeding where they dangle chickens above the water - and it was two rednecks racing to feed two gators two chickens.. DUMB! Then the place closed at 5:00 with a couple of good hours of daylight left! Other than all those things, it was great.
I haven't been here in a long time, but I remember enjoying this more than Disney World during a family trip to Orlando. Highlights: - sampling the various gator meat dishes in the food court (gator chowder, gator kebabs, etc.) - watching them feed the gators raw chickens dangling from wires so that they would jump out of the water to feed - going on the swamp "hike" up to the tower and looking down to see the place surrounded by alligators - the spectacularly kitschy gift shop which was 100% crammed full of gator/Florida souvenirs Apparently they shot a James Bond movie here once, so you *know* it's cool just because of that.
A great place to take the family. Make sure you try some Gator Nuggets!
They've invested in their physical plant since we stopped here a decade ago.  We ran out of time to go into the park, but they have lots of alligators on view, a small zoo of other Florida denizens, and now a zip line over a pool of alligators.  They used to have alligator wrestling; I don't know if it's still there.  Quite a place; I'd recommend experiencing it at least once.
Gatorland was an awesomely fun, unexpected pleasure.   There are cool gator-feeding shows.  The staff is smart and friendly.  I got to see albino gators (which I didn't even know existed).  There were fun bird-feeding areas.  It was a great, laid-back experience.  And no lines for anything, even the zip-line!  All-in all, a fun place to spend a few hours and see awesome gators and exotic birds. Why not 5 stars?  THERE IS CAMOUFLAGED BIRD POOP EVERYWHERE!!! Seriously, the whole park is constructed of dark wooden railings, and the omnipresent birds poop a color that the wood masks perfectly.  Every time you steady yourself on a handrail, or lean over a railing to look at a gator, expect to come away with your hand/shirt/jeans covered in gross bird-poop.  (And Gatorland HAS to know this is a problem.  The least they could do is have hand sanitizer stations around.)
We went to Gatorland on our last day as it is close to the airport but would probably not go back. It was aversion therapy for my husband who hates alligators and crocs, but was fascinating for the rest of us. It was rather compulsive viewing to see the gators leaping up to catch whole chickens but the gator wrestling seemed to involve an animal that looked as if it had been sedated (unless it was just bored!) The most exciting part was a show involving the Nile Crocs - a man stumbled and it was clear that the old female would have had him in seconds if he had fallen. Just as well another man was standing by with a (presumably) stun gun!
This place isn't what it once was.  Half the park was closed and things seemed poorly maintained.
it is a fun 1/2 day excursion if you need to cool off your wallet and want to avoid huge crowds.  the swamp walk is nice...and the little shows they do are kind of fun, very interactive for the kids.  the gators too are impressive, they have a few 18-20 footers. pay 2 bucks for the train ride, it's worth it. the snack bar has a good selection of tea (i guess for all the brits), the food is deep fried / processed everything. has a zip line excursion that looked very fun for older kids / adults, and i think it cost like 35 bucks. also go to the bird room, you pay a dollar for these little bird food sticks, and then the little finches land all over you and eat the food.  good for a "zany" pic.  make sure to wash your hands really well when you leave that room at their sink, avian flu can kill you.  you have no idea how many people i saw just walk out without doing it.
Cheaper than Disneyland. Educational and the staff keeps it entertaining. I recommend purchasing the grunt package, best bang for your buck.
Gatorland features 3,000 gators and 89 crocodiles, as well as a number of bird and snake exhibits. We spent half a day at Gatorland, and I probably could have spent the entire day. I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed this theme park! Yes, you have to like alligators, but it really was entertaining. They have three shows that operate on a rotation schedule. Depending on where you start with the schedule you may end up doing a lot of walking due to the show locations, and criss-crossing the park to get to the next show. All three shows are well rehearsed, polished, and enjoyable. As you might expect there's a gator wrestling show, a creature encounter, and my favorite the gator jumpin show. Be prepared to spend some extra cash for animal feedings, hands on animal handling, and yes, more cash for the park pictures of you doing things. I recommend the gator feeding pool, because, really where else can you do this? Skip the train ride unless you want to get off your feet for a while, but there's really no point to the ride except to ride. There are a modest amount of food choices, featuring a BBQ snack bar, which also sells fried gator tail, and gator ribs. There's a fudge stand, as well as a latte shop. The wooden walkway along the gator mating pond is a bird lovers paradise, as many different birds have nested near eye level because of the height of the boardwalk. There is also a swamp walk, which is quite interesting if you've never been in a Florida swamp. Minimum four hours to see all it all.
This place is good for people who like alligators and anything to do with them, its ok for a fews hours, but couldnt spend a whole day there.
Not a great deal to do here except look at the gators. Its worth going for a bit as its the only place that gives you the chance to see so many of them close up in the area but dont plan a whole day around it as you'll soon run out of things to do. Definately worth a visit if your fascinated by these huge animals though.
A nice afternoon family trip but bring your wallet.
I was surprised at this place, in a good way. The staff was super friendly and fun. We did the zip line adventure with a Groupon so it was $69 for two people which included admission. We were there for 3 hours. I paid $12 for a picture with the baby alligator and the python. I also paid $35 for a disc of about 44 images of us zip lining. We tipped Nick and our other tour guide $5 each. They were really cool. We didn't go in the bird feeding area but we did see the alligator wrestling. It was a little short, but fun and entertaining. It was a nice break from the Disney chaos.
Pleasantly surprised!   We wanted to have an enjoyable, "Mouse" and "Duck" free vacation, low key, no crowds and affordable and we got exactly what we wanted!   The price was right, the people we all really nice, the shows were entertaining, engaging and informative.  The parking was great, the park was clean and not too crowded.   It was fun to feed the gators with the hot dogs that were provided and the nature and wild life was gorgeous. The best part is that all 3 of our kids were equally as pleased with the park!  Our 16, 8 and 7 year olds all said they loved the park and want to go back next year! Great job Gatorland!
I very rarely give 5 stars. For the price - which you can get discounted online, this was a great time. We went with a group of young adults. You can probably spend about 3 hours there easily. They have 3 shows that repeat throughout the day - close encounters, gator jumping, and gator wrestling. The staff are lovely and entertaining. The animals are up close and personal. They charge extra to hold a python or sit on a gator, but it's neat that the experience is available. I'd highly recommend.
So after retelling my family about the most memorable part of Kennedy space center was seeing the gators in or around the canals when I was 11, I thought this would be fun.  So how do I sell it to the fam?   Zipline!   What a memorable experience.   Miranda and Carlos were our guides that morning.  They were awesome.  We were with another family that had done this sort of thing before (nice family. Thanks for letting us watch you all to see how it is done, and thanks for letting our kids get first in line when we got used to it all ) oh my goodness it was a tad scary the first platform, but I got over that mid Zipline.  The rest I couldn't wait to have my turn. As far as the park part if gatorland,  loved it! We were tired if the overpriced theme park / theme park property we were staying at.  We were sick of people taking pictures of random stuff that doesn't matter (ie Hard Rock Cafe waiting to be seated ) Gatorland felt like a true Florida experience. We don't have gators in CA.  The people working there were authentic. I didn't feel like they were trying to sell me something just trying for everyone to have a good time. And the gator, Wow!!! Now we all looking at water a totally different way.
a nice place to go if you begin your olrando vacation late in the day or are jetlagged. admission is pretty good quality considering nearby attractions and there is a zipline thats costs an addition $2o per person i think. it requires closed toed shoes, so my flipflopped family couldnt go. plan your day around the shows or else youll either finish earlier than expected or wait around for them. the jumping alligator show was alright. the guides names are cooter and bubba i think, kinda funny how his name is cooter. there are a lot of cool alligator exhibits featuring newborn ones to really big ones and leucistic alligators (not albino). there is also a huge lake where birds and alligators swim around and such. be sure to buy some hotdogs for the alligators to eat, even if they are somewhat apathetic about eating them.
Gatorland... one of Florida's original "Old Time" attractions... still rocks! We love it. Lot's of gators to keep you and the kid's attention. The show's are great too. I'm not a big fan of "shows" but these are fun. Often overshadowed by the Disney's and Universal Studio's, Gatorland is well worth a day. If you go, here is a coupon code that will save you an additional 10% - - ORGL10YP - - Use it at: trustedtours.com/store/G…
This was seriously AWESOME fun for the whole family! There are also so many birds that are not even part of Gatorland but that have decided to make it their home. The Gator shows are very entertaining as well and they also have a show with snakes and spiders. And the best part is, its very inexpensive fun.
Girlfriend and I went during our last stay in Orlando and enjoyed our time there. We got to see a few shows that got a giggle or two out of us. We enjoyed the walk around the park. I loved the Albino gators... bottom line is I was impressed with the visit and cant wait to go back with the kids next time.
Gatorland, the Alligator Capital of the World, is more than just gators but of course gators are what attracted you to visit in the first place. If you like gators then it is worth a visit, but the act is old and nothing changes, but then how much can you actually do with a gator?! The day can be educational as you learn about the animals who live here and take a stroll along the swamp walk. Then later on enjoy the recent improvements such as the gator gully splash park and cool off without the real gators spoiling your fun! Enjoyable visit but only for a few hours
Went here thinking it was going to be just another tourist trap.  I was pleasently surprised to find it very interesting and alot of fun.  We literally got within a few feet of live gators, a fence between of course.  But I ended up spending several hours here seeing everything.  If you haven't visited this you should give it a shot.  I did get a coupon to get 1/2 off the ticket so that really made it, at full price it would have been iffy for the money.  So look around and find a discount coupon they are pretty easy to find.
We had a great time! We spent the extra $6 to get the food, train ride and the wrestle with the alligators.  It was almost worth it...just saying that because we got their at 12:30 and didn't have enough time to do it all. They close at 5:00. We didn't have time to do the train.  But we got to feed the gators, very fun! The wrestle with the gators was a cool experience. The show was hysterical. The upclose encounters show was funny too, but the jumping gators was just okay. It was a cold day so the gators weren't up to jumping for chickens. They said that when it's cold they aren't as hungry. Wouldn't that be a trait to have? Hide sight we should have grabbed the train. We also got to feed the birds that landed on your hand....arm...head...A little spooky at first, but after a short while it was a lot of fun and the kids felt like Dr. Doolittle! Bring many $1.00 for sticks of bird seed.  They had lots of photo opportunities with live and statue alligators to make posing fun!  All in all it was a fun, relaxing and informative day! A great break from the intensity of Amusement parks!
As far as overall bang for your buck, I definitely have to go with Gatorland. This is not simply because I love reptiles, but because the experience was overall of a higher quality, than what I experienced at some of the more well-known local attractions and parks. I went with the Trainer-For-A-Day Package; I arrived early and they took me in right away, the customer service was great, the people were very funny and friendly, and the environment was phenomenal. You could tell that they love what they do, and they just seemed like overall good people. I got a two hour behind the scenes look at what goes on there, and I got to do things like feed the alligators, wrestle with them, etc before the park even opened (10 am). I was the ONLY person there that wasn't staff. Not only that, but I got two guides (George and Michael), and they were both very knowledgeable and personable. That said, this experience is certainly not for the faint of heart - you need to be willing to trust the staff and step outside your comfort zone. The Zip Line was only another $25, and since I'd never done it before, I tried that as well. The wait was pretty short considering that I decided to do it on such short notice (I only had about a 45 minute wait), and as far as the guides interacting with the group, they were hilarious and comforting to those who were nervous.  Definitely well worth it! :D
Came here last week with my boyfriend and took advantage of the Florida resident deal ($9.99). This place exceeded my expectations. I loved the way the place is set up; there's a main path to walk on with things to look at along the way. We watched the jumping gator and gator wrestling shows and were thoroughly entertained. Overall, this is a really nice place to hang out for a few hours and see some cool animals. We'll definitely be coming back!
This place was a lot of fun. It's definitely not a whole day thing, I personally paired it Ripley's and had a comfortable amount of time to do both. Also don't think this park is just gators, they have lots of other animals and retiles for you to check out. They also have zip lining and a train that rides around the park. The train is $10 and the zip line is like $35 I think. Please check their for current pricing. The show here are short, and semi funny especially if you get into their humor. They do have some cool tricks that are worth seeing. They also have opportunities to touch the animals and reptiles after shows. Picture can be purchased for extra. The food here is not that great. It's cheap food that's overpriced, but hey...when your hungry....  The sweet ice tea was pretty goo though. The gift shop was huge. Much bigger than I thought it would be for an attraction of this size. Ton of stuff to buy for gift, for the home, or just swag. You'll def pay the price for it, but it is kinda cool, especially if you like gators. All in all we had a fun time here. I'll prolly come back eventually. :) cool place to stop by if visiting orlando from far away.
Ok, it was fun to spend a few hours and watch the shows (the guys certainly do try to entertain). But everything beyond watching the show is extra with the fact that you have to pay to pose with the alligator and then extra still for the picture. Some of the habitats are very small indeed (the white alligators and one of the huge croc's being one example). Not a lot of information plaques around and no one to ask either. Like I said, it is fun for a few hours but a bit of a tourist trap. They could be trying a bit harder for their clients.
O how I used to love this place.   Visited here, this summer in July.  It's probably my 10th visit there. Over 20 years, I've seen the changes.  Before the hurricanes, it truly was a slice of old Florida.  :-). I noticed fewer alligators in my 2005 visit.  :-/. But now after (from what I hear: a devastating fire) , it is my most hated tourist trap in orlando.  :-( Even the large alligator mouth, that you used to take pics of in the gift shop. It is now moved within the park, to a booth, where they charge you to take a pic of.  :-(( It still gets 3 stars, because you do have a small sprinkler park, that the little kids enjoy.  The gator jump a roo is still decent.  But I remember much larger gators. & have pics of them jumping soo high.  The gator wrestling is still interesting.   But they now charge you to pose with a gator.  & a separate fee for the pic.  Fees everywhere.  And please: skip the train ride @ $2 a person.  It's a dinky little steam train that goes around the perimeter of 1/6 of the park.   The nature walk was usually interesting with the informative plaques throughout about the vegetation and previously found gator nests.  But it was soo muggy and we were soo disappointed with the rest; we skipped it, this year. I won't be returning.
Had a blast, fun park to take the family to!
