This place boasts about its high quality food, which is far from accurate... The food here is forced, with each mass produced item looking like mush you could easily find elsewhere in Orlando for much less money. As someone who has actually been to China, France, etc, these sections in Epcot of stereotyped areas arranged by country are embarrassing... I talked to one of the employees in the Japan section and she mentioned that Disney encourages the employees that represent different nationalities to fake an accent even if they speak perfect English to "enhance the experience." This is just sad, people. I gave one star for the Siemens ride and another for the cool street performance in the France area.
Epcot is my favorite park at Disney World! Nothing can beat World Showcase in my humble opinion. You are transported to 11 different countries right in Orlando. My personal favorite is Japan. They have the best shop in all of World Showcase with the greatest variety and most authentic items. The candy maker is so cool to watch for awhile! And I love the restaurants here. Every single country in World Showcase is super cool though! World Showcase has the best restaurants in the theme parks. I've never had a bad meal at any of the amazing restaurants. You can meet tons of characters in their native countries (Mary Poppins & Alice in Wonderland in the UK, Mulan in China, Marie from the Aristocats in france and many more). Via Napoli is an excellent restaurant in Italy I recommend. Les Chefs de France is another goodie. Also grab some treats from the various bakeries in each country! You won't regret it! I love getting some fish & chips from Yorkshire County Fish Shop in the UK, then grabbing a seat along the water for Illuminations. Future World is full of fun rides, attractions and shows like Journey Into Imagination with Figment (a personal favorite but not loved by all), Test Track (high speed fun!) and Soarin (sights and smells galore while flying high!). Club Cool fives a nice break from everything letting you try pop from around the world---for free!!! :D I also love Captain EO and I suggest any Michael Jackson fan check it out! For dining in Future World, I recommend Coral Reef. Food is average but the experience and view of the gigantic aquarium is phenomenal! This park holds many cool events and activities but my absolute favorite is the Food & Wine Festival! If you're a foodie, I highly recommend this event! See that listing on Yelp for much more information. Their nighttime show, IllumiNations, is so moving and I think you must see it! Do not miss Epcot!!! You can ride the monorail in, take a bus or ride a boat from the Disney hotels depending on which you're staying at!
Where else can u go around the world in one day except Epcot.  Their annual food and wine festival is good but pricey.
Thank goodness we had free tickets to get into the park. The $15 parking was honestly more expensive than I think it's worth. The park doesn't have any great rides, and there's not much to do.  The best ride is the Fast Track. It's about 30 minutes of waiting around, listening to a Chevrolet sales pitch for about a 30-second thrill. We came here for the Food & Wine Festival, and even with lots of food and beer, after 2 1/2 hours we ran out of things to do.  The F&W Festival is ok, but be prepared to spend about $40-$80 per person, depending on how hungry you are and how much you want to drink. :)
Another great year at Epcot Center!  In my opinion, the best of the Disney parks for teens and adults, Thanksgiving weekend is the best time to visit. There are no lines and the weather is perfect! This place is wonderful. The feel of it is less magical and more of a globe-trotting, into the future experience. If you love all the things that world and time-travelling brings, you'll absolutely love this place. Make sure you wear comfortable shoes, and stay for the 9:30pm fireworks!
This is my favorite theme park of all time!  I love the Food & Wine as well as the Flower & Garden Festivals.  My favorite part is wandering through the countries learning about their cultures.  I would highly recommend dining in Mexico, Italy or France.  While I love German food they only offer a buffet.
It is awesome for you to come and get a little taste of the different cultures around the world here. To be honest, I don't know if I would come here again. Maybe when they have festivals and different events. I am a thrill seeker, so Universal Orlando was a lot more entertaining to me. It is definitely a good place to come at least once.
Highlights - trying to drink around the world (tequila bar in mexico is very impressive) - aquarium (i love aquariums) - so many food options (and souvenir options) - seeing the iconic huge golf ball - Illuminations fireworks show Didn't get on too many rides because of all the eating and drinking, but the The Seas with Nemo & Friends is a cute kiddie ride, Spaceship earth was cool, and I hear they have California Soarin', but since I have that in CA we skipped it.  Mission Space is a huge hit for a lot of people, and it is a really cool experience, I recommend you ride it, however it did make me very motion sick...so save it for the end of the day if you fear that may happen to you. Gotta say, running past the worlds during the marathon was one of the nicest parts of the route!
I love Epcot. It's a great park full of learning countries and discovering science. If you are looking for a great place for food. China and Morocco have great restaurants. There aren't many kiddy stuff, but there are still some attractions that are kid friendly. Also make sure you stay and find a good spot for Illuminations. It's the best way to end your day at Epcot.
My favorite Disney park hands down. Home to my favorite Disney restaurant yelp.com/biz/rose-and-cr… Tons of fun to walk around and explore, you can even have a beer while you do it.  Lots of cool stuff to see and do and eat. The fireworks show here is pretty awesome too.  Don't miss it.
We had a great time with the attractions--namely, Test Track and Spaceship Earth.  The former is fast.  The latter is slow, and it's very circa 1980s but the end result is hilarious.  Trust me. We also rode The Seas (Nemo and 3D graphics without the glasses), The Land (learn about plants and food), Maelstrom (viking ship) and Ellen's Energy Adventure (Ellen Degeneres and Bill Nye the Science Guy!)  We also watched the Illuminations show (fireworks).   Quite spectacular. We walked around the World Showcase a few times. (Some of the items sold in the shops are bordering on offensive.  I mean, really, Mickey ears with pretzel on one ear and the German flag on the other?  Really, just the pretzel?  And don't even get me started at the items at the China shops.........   Soft serve in France is to die for!  Trust me, you won't be disappointed.
When I was a kid, I went here and had the time of my life!!!!  I ended up a Science Geek.  Much better place to take your kids for an educational experience.
I've been to Disney World 2 times in the past and this most recent trip was #3, but it was the first time I visited EPCOT.  I wish I could rate it in separate parts because I believe there are 3 distinct pieces. Part 1 - Rides & Attractions (3 Stars) I wasn't real impressed with the rides & attractions here.  They seem very outdated.  With the rapidly changing pace of technology, some of these "futuristic" attractions seemed comically outdated.  The best part about the attractions area was that the lines for character photo opportunities were relatively short. yelp.com/biz_photos/epco… yelp.com/biz_photos/epco… Part 2 - Landscaping & Country & Food Pavilions (5 Stars) The landscaping and fountains were spectacular....fun to look at and take pictures.  They also had a makeshift Butterfly experience setup, which was very cool.  The country/food pavilions were by far the best though....great food and learning experience.  Oh, and by the way you can buy Beer & Wine there...very refreshing! yelp.com/biz_photos/epco… yelp.com/biz_photos/epco… Part 3 - Fireworks Show (4 Stars) The fireworks show is pretty cool.  It's the last event of the evening and it's a nice way to say goodbye to EPCOT.  We were exhausted by the time the show ended and we tried to get out before the masses of strollers overran us...LOL yelp.com/biz_photos/epco… yelp.com/biz_photos/epco… yelp.com/biz_photos/epco… Side notes:  Download the Disney App, it is helpful to get around the park and find stuff.  Also, there's FREE WiFi throughout the park. Return Factor - 85%
Love, love, love Epcot! Not a good place for children, however, because there is a lot of learning involved (unless your kid is a nerd, like I was, then it will be perfect). It is a fantastic place for adults because it's the only Disney park that sells alcohol! I recommend talking to the staff members (who come from all over the world) and catching some of the live performing arts shows (music & actors). And don't skip the American Pavilion! The shows inside will make you proud to call the Red, White and Blue your own! DEFINITELY come back for the Flower & Garden or Food & Wine festival, in the spring and autumn, respectively, because they are fantastic.
i guess I found out about my traveling addiction when I came here for the first time. There I was a perky 8 year old with sisters and dad, all with the shorts, hats and camaras ( oh yeah the real tourist experience), suddenly we entered the world showcase at Epcot and wow! ouh la'! chispas! perbacco! I had found my heaven. While my sisters complained and asked where snowwhite was, (my dad trying to fool them with the norwegian trolls) I was being blown away. All the countries are really nice but I especially loved Morocco. I suggest you get there early and first try out the games, because there are some really cool ones like: Honey i shrunk the audience, Test track, Cranium Command (my favorite) and others. Then you can have some lunch and if you're going with kids they specially love the garden grill restaurant, i know I loved it, you meet the disney characters while enjoying buckets of fried chicken and for dessert a worm in mud (chocolate pudding with cand woms, they will love it). Then you can head to the world showcase and get into the atmosphere of each country by nightlight. It's much more romantic really.   Gotta say Epcot is my number one Disney park, ever.
Probably one of my favorite parks out of all the parks in Disney World. this definitely gears toward adults -- with all the alcohol and foods. Not many rides are here but still entertaining.  I really like the different countries and you get to sample their foods, that's neat. I really like the pastry / bakery place in France. SO good! my favorite things at Epcot are the Test Track and the aquarium. The illumination fireworks, i thought, was just okay. I prefer the fireworks show at Magic Kingdom.
The EPCOT Center is probably THE COOLEST place to see, and play, and ride, and eat, and drink, and sing, and dance... and most of all, to learn. In EPCOT, you can experience the castle and bamboo garden of Japan and the Forbidden City of China, seeing Eastern arts, and sample some delicious Chinese foods; you can experience the grand architecture and Eiffel Tower of France, sit by drawing-like bistro street, sipping coffee and nibbling on croissant; you can experience 17 century gothic German town, and if you are old enough, maybe partake in Oktoberfest. You can tour the world without ever leaving this place. Or, if science and nature is your fancy, you can also tour the World and the Universe, riding in Spaceship Earth (that golf ball looking structure that is the unmistaken identification of EPCOT center,) driving flying car, check out the underwater life with Nemo. Oh how I wished I had already been certified for SCUBA when I was down there! Make sure to plan your day ahead, because EPCOT has way too many attractions to offer, and you want to make sure you get your worth!
By far my most favorite park out of all the Disney World parks.  This place is so large it feels like you could explore for days.  Not only that, but if you get bored you can just travel off to another country and wander.  If you get tired of the world showcase there is still Mission Space and Test Track.   which I sadly didn't get a chance to check.  I can't wait for another chance to visit again!
My favorite park out of all the Disney parks mainly because it is catered more towards adults. I mean you can drink and eat around the world without getting on a plane. All the cast members are from the countries you are "visiting", so they speak their native language and are extremely friendly. They will also teach you how to say your name in their language; as well as write it for you. The Food & Wine Festival is a must for anybody who is in town around the end of the year. Look up their menus and plan your trip accordingly!
This was the first park I visited on my vacation and initially thought it was terrible however after visiting all the other parks I have to say this place can be really fun & nice.  For adults this place I think can be more fun than kids will find it.  Half the park is full of restaurants which would appeal to adults while the kids will find those businesses boring. The other half of the park has a few attractions for the kids and they also have disney characters scattered throughout the park even near the restuarants to keep the kids excited.
My favorite of all the Disney parks.  Plenty for adults to do without so much focus on cartoon characters.   Mission space and test track are great and I recommend going during the food and wine festival for tequila tastings and dim sum samples.  A real Disney vacation for adults but is still kid-friendly!
Wasted my day!  Rides are old (maelstrom not worth the wait even when there is no line -you would think Norwegian cruise lines could upgrade this Crappy 5 minute ride)  their idea of fast pass SUCKS!  Yea it's free (compared to paying extra at universal studios) but it's also a waste of time and useless!  We wasted 40 minutes for "fastpass" only to choose 3 exhibits and when you go to the fast pass check in you still stand on line with everyone else.  5 hours to take your picture with the princess from Frozen?  Can't they get 2 princesses?  If the kid figures out its not the one and only princess from the movie they shouldn't be standing on line anyway!  "Circle of life" shows pics from Earth Day 1990!! complete waste of time and.money. Can I give them a negative rating?
Well I loved all the cultural spots.  If you like sight seeing and enjoy little stores this is the place to go. Walking through Canada, England, France, Gernamy, Italty, Japan, China, and Mexico was a whole day adventure.  Tasting a little bit of each was great and not badly priced.
I love Epcot!!  Best park at Walt Disney World!  :)
Epcot Center World Showcase Epcot out of all of the many parks in Orlando, Florida provides the most education out of all parks.  One of my favorite parts of Epcot is the World Showcase which is comprised up of 11 different countries: Unites States, Canada, Mexico, Norway, China, Germany, Italy, Japan, Morocco, France and the United Kingdom.  The showcases consist of difference cities that exist in these countries by using art, dance, song, food and drink (yes I am talking about alcoholic beverages).  I had the pleasure of dining at two places that I would love to share with you. Morocco: Tangierine Café Do you enjoy Moroccan cuisine, rotisseries of lamb and chicken?  Do you enjoy the ambience of the Moroccan city of Tanjier, or would you like to know what it's like in Tanjier?  If so you must try the Tangieriene Café at Epcot Disney located in the Epcot World Showcase. I Had the pleasure of enjoying one of the Shawarma platter's that is served with Tabouleah, tangerine couscous salad and a chicken wrap in fresh baked Moroccan bread.  The food is very traditional and definitely fresh, you can see the rotisseries of lamb and chicken, and the chefs preparing several traditional dishes. The tangerine couscous salad is light and very refreshing and is the perfect balance of sweet and savory and is prepared perfectly, not overcooked or not under cooked.  I also enjoyed the fact that they have a great deal of vegetarian entrees.  There is nothing better than fresh baked bread and the Moroccan bread that is served with the wrap is hot, crispy and soft all at the same time.  I thought that the prices were reasonable and what is even better is if you take a seat on terrace you will have the perfect view of the water and if you close your eyes for a second, one would almost believe that they are in Morocco.  I also tried one of their frozen beverages (non-alcoholic) but cannot remember much about it for the life of me.  But one day when I return again, I will visit the Tangierine Café again. United Kingdom: Yorkshire County Fish Shop Have you ever been to London, England and had their famous fish & chips?  If you've never been and are dying to see what the hype is all about then you must visit the Yorkshire County Fish Shop in the Epcot World Showcase of London, England.  If you have had London's famous fish & chips and are craving them then you too must visit this stop. The fish & chips are served to you on a bed of fresh chips and faux newspaper.  You are only give 2 pieces of fish, not the traditional one large piece of fish, but please do not let this stop you from ordering, eating and enjoying.  The batter is stunning, it is not over battered and cake-like, it is light and extremely crispy.  The batter is not over-seasoned, it is seasoned enough that you can taste the essence of the fish.  Now normally when you get fish & chips, the chips are over fried, tired and have been laying to the side way to long under some heat lamp.  Well let me reassure you Yorkshire's chips are fresh, not over fried, not over salted, not under salted and always made fresh.  So if your craving the traditional English fish & chips, you better drop your hook and line here and let it sink.
Growing up, I never watched Disney movies, so I was never drawn to go to any of the parks.  But I had the chance to go and I was blown away by how much fun it was.  It's certainly not cheap (although my tickets were comp'd) but I really do think it's worth it.   The Worldwide Showcase (or whatever it's called) is really fun without being predictable and cheesy.  The UK is a great place to grab a pint and some fish and chips, the Japanese gift store was VERY cool, and the Viking ship ride in the Norway section was actually a lot of fun.  However, the American section was embarassing.  Chubby Checker, dudes dressed like Ben Franklin, and Bud Light.  Ugh.   The Test Track was a really fun ride and the Butterfly Garden looked really nice, but allergies prevented me from venturing down the path.  Lines weren't too bad, but be sure to get the Fast Pass.
I love EPCOT. I especially love the World Showcase, the Land and the Sea areas.
I find this park really unexciting. I've probably been a dozen times. The beers are at least $8 and all the cool restaurants are always full so you have to plan ahead, that sucks. The one thing I did want to see is the greenhouse and fishery tour but it cost $18 and if you don't reserve ahead you are screwed. Most of the rides are dated or lame. The German beer hall is cool but you can't just go in and have a beer, you must buy the buffet which is like $25 at least, that sucks! I just wanted to polka. They got rid of one of my favorite things, the viking ship from 13th warrior which was in the Norway land. I thought the mime show in Italy would be funny, but it was really lame, that made me even sadder. The best thing there is the flowers, they do a good job with those. I hope I never have to go again.
Fast Pass Test Track and Soarin right when you get to the park because they run out of fast passes =/ We got one for Test Track and when we went to get one for Soarin it was out. Plus the line was 95MIN. Eff that! I've been on the Soarin ride in Cali and it's definitely not worth that long of a wait. We still got a few days to spend so hopefully we can go back and hop on it. DRINKS AROUND THE WORLD! Sooo much fun! Disney did an awesome job of recreating different places around the world. Mexico, China, Germany, and Japan were my favorite. We tried to get drinks at every location but only got drinks at China, Germany, and United Kingdom. Fun place to drink at! The Garden Festival is soo cool too! They recreate Disney characters with plants and flowers and it only happens during a certain time of the year and that time is right now! Hah. Beautiful park!!! Loved it.
Loved it not enough time for me to see it all because my flight but in the time I had I got to see pretty much me and my family loved itttttttttttt
a visit to the World showcase at epcot will take a good 6-8 hrs. I hit all the pavilions. Definitely wear good walkin shoes. Eating meals off normal meal times may help in gettin a seat quicker. I ddidnt spend much time at the america nor mexico pavs as I'm from los angeles. Avoid the jpn pav at nite. Kids kids kids shoppin 4 anime stuff. Bathrooms: theyre clean but kinda bhind the times. Wdw is still usin manual paper towel dispensers. Taxi service: only checker cabs has free access to drop off patrons to the parks. All other taxi companies n independent shuttles must pay the $15 parkin fee. Typical disney, squeezing people's wallets
What's not to love at EPCOT!?!?  There's a little bit of everything for everybody here from rides, to shows, to sites, to experiences!  The must-do's here are Soarin', Test Track, and Turtle Talk w/ Crush.....we never miss any of those when we visit.   And hey, who can argue w/ having a "beer around the world"????
More so an mature/ touristy/ cultural exposure theme park than anything else. To me, it doesn't seem like it would be as enjoyable for kids because there are no fast roller costers or too much emphasis on the "Disney characters". You might see some once in awhile, but it isn't a priority.
Epcot is split into to sections Future World and World Showcase.  Future World is perfect for the younger ones with amazing rides and showcase.  They can learn and have an amazing time from riding test track to turtle talking with Crush. Even as adults Future World is amazing.  The World Showcase is more geared to the adults.  You could check out the culture and cuisine of 11 countries: Mexico, Norway, China, Germany, Italy, the United States, Japan, Morocco, France, United Kingdom and Canada.  I highly recommend visiting this park for the Epcot International Food and Wine Festival where you could enjoy incredible foods and wines from all around the world.  If attending the Food and Wine Festival, I also recommending purchasing a two day pass to the park.  One day would be for the Festival and the other to enjoy the rides.  Do not miss the World Showcase fireworks, absolutely amazing.
This review is based on the food and wine fest. At first glance, the Food and Wine Festival is quite similar to last year. The second the Marketplace Food Kiosks around the World Showcase Lagoon represent cities, not countries. Cooking demonstrations and wine seminars are in the beautiful Wonders of Life pavilion. Guests have the option of signing up for costly wine events, including the "Party for the Senses" feeding frenzy every Saturday evening. There are 27 Marketplace Food Kiosks this year. All but three of them represent cities around the word. The other three are "Desserts & Champagne," "The Mouse Catch" (cheese), and "The Brewer's Collection " (primarily beer). Kiosk prices seem similar to last year. Plates Range from $3.00 to almost 8.00. The popular Escargot Persillade en Brioche (garlic and parsley snails in three little brioche rolls) at the Paris kiosk is will cost you $4.50. Another favorite, is the the Cheddar Cheese Soup at the Montreal kiosk. The Lovely Vanessa Carolton performed as part of the "Eat to the Beat!" series While I was there. There's a concert at Epcot's America Garden Theatre every night of festival. Sadly I heard that The festival didn't do so well this year. Hopefully it will be back next year.
Epcot has always been my favorite Disney park. I love all of the shows, sim rides, and the amazing fireworks display every night. But I was disappointed that the Test Track ride was closed this past visit =/
This place was truly incredible. I am originally from California, and I was here visiting with my family and I made sure we went to Epcot because I am big on foods and alcohols. The world showcase is absolutely amazing. With all the ethnic foods and drinks, it almost makes you feel like you are in the country. Definitely something you must try once in your life. I went the full 10 and drank in all the countries!
My Ratings:  (2005 Visit) Quantity: 3 - Plenty of things to see! Quality: 3 - Alot of walking Price: 2 - Pricey for one day Location: 3 - Interesting Parking: 3 - Parking lot (you pay!) Service: 3 - Good Speed: 3 - Good Overall: We did so much walking here that I don't think I'd go back again. My Opinion/Story: I like Epcot because you see different cultures and there are alot of places to take a picture.  Unfortunately, we were there on a very hot day and it was just too tiring to walk the entire park.  Not alot of rides for the adults but plenty of restaurants to eat at.
Of all the Walt Disney World parks, Epcot is my favorite. It has everything from high tech to old world. If you are into rides, it has a variety of unique ones for all ages and comfort levels. If not into rides, there is the countries area, surrounding the lagoon. You can shop, dine and enjoy the ambiance of various cultures. You can get to it by resort buses, monorail, boats or walking (from the Boardwalk Resort, Beach Club Resort, Yacht Club Resort, Swan and Dolphin). They have a nightly fireworks display, with laser lights. They also have various festivals during the year, like the wine festival or the garden festival. The amphitheater, near the American section, has some very entertaining acts at various times of the year. This park is a definite must see experience.
From the greeting to Dustin from Adelaide who sold me the ticket to Mandie from New Jersey who spent much time syncing my Magic Band to my smartphone app... Stellar service from Disney Cast members.  I had a wonderful day!  And topped it off with a quick service dinner at the little Cantina in Mexico... Excellent Beef Tacos washed down with a Margarita. Thank you, Uncle Walt!
I think I'm enough of an all star to review the entire park known as Epcot despite visiting it it twice over two days and getting drunk off my ass both times. I loved checking out all the different "worlds," as corny as they may look.  I drank a flight of beer in Germany and a flight of wine in Italy.  I love flying.   It's just cool to walk around and pretend you're experiencing different cultures all in one tiny area. As for rides, I only got on the history of man thing in the giant golf ball and that blew my socks off but not nearly as much as SOARIN' did.  Smells!  Sights!  Sounds!  Flying (already mentioned I love this)!  It was pretty damn incredible, and a great way to top off night two. Oh, and the fireworks/light show to close down the joint: incrediballs.  My wine drunk self was completely in awe. Downside: not gonna be a place to pick up single good looking guys.  Upside: so culturally drunk that NO ONE CARES!
Where else can you go Country hopping. IF I recall correctly, I havent been here in years, but they have Germany, Japan, France, Mexico/Spain. Uncertain, but i do remember how awesome this place is. The epcot ball even has a ride inside it, how cool is that. This park is more for the adults, but kids can still enjoy it.
I learned a lot at Epcot today. For example - some enterprising young men have discovered a way to shrink a room sized computer down to one that will fit in a home, so that one day we might all have our own computer right in our own homes!!! I learned that Canadians mostly live in log cabins and wear a lot of flannel. I learned that wayyyyyy in the future we'll be able to do things like draw with our fingers on touch screens, email pictures to friends around the world, and create music using a computer system and the motion of our bodies. Lastly, and most importantly, I learned that dance can turn an evil futureserpentwitch into a beautiful goddess and ultimately save the world - all you need is Michael Jackson as your captain. So all-in-all, as a child of the 80s/90s this trip to Epcot was nostalgic - but for kids these days, mostly underwhelming. Most attractions need a major reboot. The simulated shuttle launch was cool, test track goes super fast for about ten seconds, which was fun, and the pumpkin spice funnel cake was maybe the best part of the day. (Update after we returned for the fireworks at night, and after the kids visited a few other parks that week: Apparently Epcot was one of their faves (ages 6 and 7, boy and girl). The fireworks impressed them, and I guess they still managed to have fun, despite the fact that so little had been updated. Had they been a bit older, though, I'm not sure it would have impressed.)
For those that have never been, expect to go "around the world" and feel as if you just truly traveled each destination. Epcot does an amazing job in educating guest, and allowing them to still feel like they are at a Disney Park. You can shop in "France" , eat in the streets of Paris, try wines from Italy, Beer from Germany, and watch great shows in China. Great park for any adult, and great education fro children that wants to also learn about space. Such a cool place! And outstanding Fireworks!!!!
Not a big disney fan. After moving to Florida last year, I became a convert.  Disney is a magical place.  Magic Kingdom, not so much.  Probably because its packed all the time.  But Epcot...Epcot is something.  International food, wine, and beer and some great rides (Soarin' and Tomorrow World) not too far.  Definitely THE BEST fireworks show you'll see.  Bring a video camera or digital, you will want to record some of the memories you will have here.  Here's to you Mickey.
"Epcot - beautiful portal of cultures." This park may not attract kids as there aren't many rides, but I will highly recommend it for adults who love to explore other countries and cultures. We were there in Nov although very hot but there was less traffic because the schools were back on. We met lots of Disney characters & enjoyed browsing the world show case. They mistake on my part was we stopped at the rides few rides and because of that we weren't able to finish the world show case but manage to see most of the country pavilions. We planned the days in a way to make the most at each park so in the end there were some nice firework and it was nice of them to still do it in heavy rain. All the parks have one focal point of a picture and I think the Metallic Globe on the entrance does justice to be a focal point in this park. The shuttle simulator ride was pretty realistic and I almost threw up at there was too much pressure while lifting off. So if you want to go to space this will give you some sort of taste. Seas with Nemo & Friends is fun to do and don't miss out on Around the World as well. My recommendation will be to pack some snacks, drinks plus wear comfortable shoes and don't forget the hat, glasses & sunscreen.
To quote my little brother as he walked through Epcot: "I didn't know so many countries' major export was gift shops." Go for the Illuminations show at 9pm, and that's about it.
What can I say Disney is an amazing place. You can enjoy it at any age. It really is a magical place :) Epcot in my opinion is enjoyed more by adults. I try to go once a year for the food and wine festival. It gets expensive but it's worth it. You get to taste and drink around the world!
Good park but not much to do. Food is great here though! However, if you have even the slightest claustrophobia or have eaten in the past hour, DO NOT go on mission space. I've NEVER been motion sick from anything and this made me and my friend so sick. I would avoid it at all costs.
Went here as well as all the other parks in 1 day (I know crazy). I thought this was the best place to be for a middle-aged couple. It was very relaxing and I loved the different places you could go to around the "world". Make sure to stop by Germany to get some beer! We ate at the restaurant in China which was fairly good.. A little bit overpriced but we were hungry. It was interesting to see everything and enjoy the little shops and things at these shops. My bf likes photography so it was also a good place to take a lot of pictures.
Haven't been back in 5 years but it's like a soap opera, you come back any time and pick up where you left off. Have to say though, same old same old. Once you've done it, there isn't much more to see and the food hasn't gotten any better. For the high admission price, can find better things to do. Disney needs to make some changes here.
It seriously left me soooo disappointed. You can see everything within a couple of hours. The little countries offer mainly dinning and shopping, so this would be the last day kinna thing if you want to pick up some gifts. Its like this park is stuck in the 90s! I must admit though the Car ride is amazing and that alone is not worth the ticket price for this reason I am happy I had the park hopper.
Ah, the fun, educational Disney.  The rides here are mostly on the calm side, although a couple can shake you up (Mission: Space's more energetic side, especially).  The Test Track was particularly entertaining...and a blatant Chevy commercial from start to finish, including a loop on the track around a conspicuous parking lot filled with Chevys, and the Chevy automobile room you exit through before even the gift shop.  Overall, I was surprised to find that I liked Epcot immensely more as a kid than as an adult -- I had a good day here during this visit, but I somewhat wish we hadn't made it to Epcot this time since I'm now disillusioned of my memories from my last visit 30+ years ago.
this is by far my favorite theme park!  I think it's more geared towards adults than children (drinking, eating, and shopping in every country not being much fun for little ones, but TONS for adults).  They do have an awesome secret mission Kim Possible interactive game great for kids though, so it's worth going if just for that.  Mom got to shop and drink....little one got to solve crime.  It was great.
If you have a Park Hopper, then by all means, go to Epcot for a few hours and enjoy dinner and drinks. If you don't, then prepare to spend ~$90 just to be able to spend more money at any number of restaurants and bars. This was my fourth visit to the park, and even though it was the first visit wherein I could take advantage of adult beverages, it was by far the worst. I don't know if it's just because of the off-season, but there were NO cultural performances or street art taking place the whole time we were there. Which leaves you with eating and drinking, and the few 'attractions' they have. The thing is, if you live in a decent city, you have access to all sorts of ethnic eats that are far more authentic (and affordable) than what you're going to find here. As far as the attractions... Spaceship Earth... in the ball. It's been updated since I came in college; but it still feels dated. The animatronics aren't lifelike. The "future" is a Jetsons-esque prediction. Good for nostalgia, and not much else. Innoventions... The name sounded promising! We entered a mostly empty building, that wasn't utilizing its space well or providing engaging, enriching experiences to motivate invention or innovation. The main feature was a wall full of video games, for pete's sake. The Sea... my favorite of what we fit in. The ride, though not spectacular, will entertain kids and make anyone who's a Nemo fan smile. It culminates in a two-story aquarium where you can walk about and view manatees, dolphins, seahorses, and more. The Three Caballeros... inside the Maya temple. In the vein of It's a Small World, you ride a boat through a canal with colorful decor and small characters throughout. Sadly, the Caballeros are mainly televised/projected and not robotic. Figment... It's for little ones. Cheesy, bordering on cheesy fun. Captain EO... what the eff is this?! We were handed 3D glasses, entered a stuffy room with no seats, wherein four small, grainy, ancient TVs began playing something from the 80s. I'm not sure what we were in store for, because we all immediately gave up on this "show." (Note: Researching this, I've learned the feature was brought back as a tribute to Michael Jackson.) That makes it better; but is no excuse for the rest of the park which I feel is phasing out of relevance. Disney needs to drop the ticket price on this park. Particularly without the cultural performances, it's worth nowhere near $90 -- thus my 2-star evaluation.
Spending $100 per person,  wait in lines for hours for 30second rides??? FastTrack, yes, it was a fun 30 second ride, but waited nearly 2hours. liked Soring better.  It was an hour wait and liked it more than FastTrack. everything else were just mediocre. came in around 11am, took some pictures, wait in LONG lines for SHORT rides and got out around 5pm 'cause kids complained and tired.   They enjoyed more at the water park we stayed. (reunion resort & club) not worth a $100...   all the other reviewers with 5 stars, where are from ???
I didn't think the rides or exhibits were anything special but I did like the World Showcase.  It was cool to see the different countries represented along with their foods.
Epcot is so much fun for grown ups and kids. Some of my kids' favorite rides are the Test Track and Mission Space. Mine is Soaring but that line is always extremely long. You need a fast pass for sure. The Finding Nemo area is pretty cool if you like aquariums. The world showcase is very nice and diverse. We've eaten at the Japanese hibachi restaurant, Mexico and the Germany castle.  All have yummy food. The castle in Germany has a character meal that was fun for the kids. Okay, okay, it was fun for me too.:)  Most restaurants require a reservation. I guess that's good and bad. My only real gripe about the world showcase is that it lacks shade. The heat can be pretty brutal. It's best if you walk it later in the day. There are some hidden but fun activities inside innoventions.  And that area is air-conditioned! I love this place overall. It has a little bit for all ages. Oh!  One more thing. The flower and garden festival in the spring is pretty amazing for plant lovers. It's my favorite time of the year for Epcot.
One of the unique parks at Disney World with a "world" theme to it. Two parts and lots of walking. Almost like 2 separate parks, but worth exploring. Germany & Morocco - see my reviews on Sommerfest & Tangeirine Cafe Canada - show w/ Martin Short was decent China - fell asleep on the floor of the show Mexico: 3 Caballeros - liked the ride and inside was different Japan - funny they had a store filled with Japanese treats (overpriced( Living with the Land - my wife really liked this one. They take you through how Disney basically makes a lot of it's own food. I just remember it was a greenhouse in there and was HOT! Mission Space - we went on the lighter version. It was a unique ride, a bit claustrophobic for me. A flight simulator where you are in teams of 4. Test Track - I thought it would be a lot faster. I'm glad we had a fast pass, because it wasn't as good as I thought it would be. Nemo & Friends - decent ride that I like better than the submarine version as Disneyland. Nothing special, but a good kiddie ride. Illuminations - the 9PM was good, but nothing like World of Color or the Fireworks at Disneyland. They could step it up a little. There was also a world soda shop where you could taste different drinks. We liked Epcot. Like I said before there is a ton of walking here. Disney is the master of making you walk a lot so you buy food and drinks, then dropping you off in shops after you go on a ride. They market like crazy!
EPCOT is my favorite park. You get the geeky rides upfront that deal with science and technology and you can follow it up by a tour of the globe in the World Showcase. In the World Showcase you can get beer in many of the countries, which is a must do for me and the wife.
I Heart Disney! Epcot has never been my favorite park. It's always just kind of there. My first visit was in 4th grade. The only thing I liked about it was that I got to meet Barbie and Ken. Epcot has grown on me over the years. I got to do a lot of new stuff this time that I somehow missed. I did Soarin' and Test Track for the first time. As well as some Chiquita Banana boat ride that I never knew was there. It's always nice to take a tour around the World Showcase. Italy is my favorite. I want all the masks! I need to go to some of the nicer restaurants there. That's kind of the best part about Disney. Even though I live in Orlando, I still haven't done everything there yet.
For what it is...It is excellent. This isn't a place for kids.  Yet....With The Living Seas and Soarin', it is slowly becoming more of a kid-friendly establishment.  It is still more of an adult amusement park.  We love it.  The kids (4 and 5) get bored pretty quickly once we leave the aforementioned areas.  That being said, WE LOVE Disney and we come back every year.  It's nothing to drive 20 hours each way every year for us just to visit Disney.  It has become a past-time for us and we couldn't think of any better way to spend our money.  :) Out of our 7 day park-hoppers that we always get, we never go to EPCOT for more than 1 day.  Keep that in mind and have fun!
Epcot is more of a park for older groups.  There is a taste of just about every country in this park.  You can visit many countries and try different types of foods.  It is a great place to go.  I enjoyed Epcot I most likely wont go back unless someone I know has not gone yet.  But it is a great park for peoples first times.
So it's probably stupid to write a review about Epcot...but I can't resist.  I went for the first time this month and was completely impressed!!  The kids said that this was the boring park (they have all been here before) because it was supposed to be more educational than fun, but I think they were even surprised at how much fun it was. The different countries are amazing!  I love that there is food from all over and the buildings were great!!  There was cultural music, dancing, performances, and art from all over. Even the Canada show that we just happened upon was entertaining to all of us.  I missed half of the park and can't wait to go back!!!  BTW - the kids had a great time this time around as well.  They think because they are older can better understand and appreciate the  vision.
This was interesting...but there's not a lot of rides. I heard that Soarin' could get jammed pack, but we only waited 15 minutes, as the park just opened. That was a fun ride as you hang glided across different areas. It was amazing to see how much work and effort was placed into constructing the different international areas. Again, it was all just viewing the areas, not a lot to do. I was excited to go to Germany because they have 'bier' there, and they were serving up their Oktoberfest special. Yum! We also managed to complete this in a few hours, and then went over to the Magical Kingdom. I recommend if you are planning to have dinner at Epcot, plan in advance and make reservations, the wait for dinner well exceeded over an hour wait.
This is one of the most underrated parks at DisneyWorld.  There are so many interesting things to do as adults or as children.  Future World can be very exciting and eye opening.  Try the Raytheon ride - great roller coaster simulation.  Bring the children to the House on Fire and have them learn how to recognize the dangers or household fires and what to do if one happens.  Lots and lots to do if you just look around.  World Showcase can also be great with children - check out the showtimes at each country. UK can be interactive and fun.  Rides at Mexico and Norway are also good deals.
Lunch at Le Cellier and the Canadian Cheddar Cheese Soup....oops I mean, during our "2013 Around the World in a wheelchair tour", Epcot is one of the parks with mixed access in a chair. From the parking lot it is a straight shot to the front gates.  Handicap parking is easy to access, just flash your wheelchair parking sign at the parking attendant and  they point you toward the front doorstep.  It might be me, but it seems to me that Epcot parking is pretty much the easiest to park at, of all the WDW property parks, maybe a lot more visitors ride the monorail?  We got there about an hour after park opening and crowds seemed light.  Security has decent access for wheelchairs and the main gates were the standard dual metal fence-type gates to roll through. Biggest gripe is the entrance past the main gates, starting at the huge Epcot globe, there starts an incline that can just kill your hands and fingers, I was lucky to have a 18yo slave to push me up the hill.  There are a few other areas of the World Showcase that tend to have too many themed areas that have fake cobblestone on the ground near some of the entrances to the shops and restaurants.  For the most part this park is a few decent dips and climbs around the World showcase, however beefed up your arms are...  My wife and I noticed, this park as a higher number of powered ramrods run by the 70+ crowd scooting around.  I was knocked around near the Mexico pavilion near the Margarita stand, I guess I was in the way of those seniors trying to get their daily booze-fest on.   Many of the Countries in the World Showcase, those with shows or attraction have the standard follow the line with your group, for wheelchair access.  No "jump to the front of the line" stuff here....  The worst ride in Epcot is, The Seas with Nemo & Friends, there the line in the Living Seas pavilion was the worst, with all the switchbacks and the incline to the entrance.  The worst overall pavilion in Epcot was, the Land pavilion regarding wheelchair access, major incline to the entrance and then 1 really small elevator to the bottom floor.  My favorite ride, Soarin is shown there and the line to get to the elevator really needed a FastPass! If you are able to crutch along, as I did, it was still hard to ride the escalator to the bottom floor.  The Living with  the Land attraction is a bit difficult to step down into the boat on crutches, wheelchair access is good but you just have to wait for an accessible boat to float by to get loaded onto. Food area has been somewhat recently remodeled, accessibility is decent a few of the drink dispensers are bit high, but coolers with bottle drink are available for easier access.  And of course the Cast members are more than willing to lend a hand, even helping to deliver your tray back to your table! One of my favorite parks regardless of the wheelchair workout.
I went to Epcot for a day with a friend and really enjoyed it.  I went on a very hot and humid June day so I noticed and appreciated that all the exhibits had lines indoors in the air conditioning.  Speaking of lines, I found they were not all that long in most cases and we had to wait 20 minutes tops to go on a ride.  The Disney Fast Pass is really great.  You use your admission ticket to print out a fast pass for a ride which tells you to come back another time during the day.  When you come back, you get in a much shorter line than the people who did not get the Fast Pass.  You should get a fast pass for popular rides such as Soaring Over California early in the day; at a certain point they all get distributed and you have to wait in line. We really enjoyed what we saw of Future World, but spent most of our time in World Showcase.  The artistry they put into the World Showcase is amazing and really transports you to a different place, although I do think they did a better job on some countries than others.  I really enjoyed the countries that had films and rides.  Each country also has gift shops and restaurants where you can try foods from that country.  I would recommend booking early because at 5:30 on a Monday night, we tried to get a reservation for the main dining room in Mexico and they were booked for the night.  We did stop at a little bar and had some really delicous appetizers and margaritas.
My favorite disneyworld park. I'll admit we don't have anything like it in Cali. I love that each pavilion in the world showcase makes you feel like you're really in that country. You even get greeted by native speakers that are all so friendly. I'll definitely be back, even if it's for Epcot alone. Test track was closed for renovations, anyway. So I'll have to plan another trip!
All the Disney parks are great, but of the four, this is probably my least favorite and I feel there is less interest for younger kids. During our visit, Spaceship Earth was closed. Test Track (along with several other rides) were temporarily unavailable multiple times due to technical difficulties. Our visit was a pretty hot sunny day and finding shade is a bit harder at this park, especially back in the World Showcase. There was plenty of character meet-n-greets throughout the park and here we met Goofy, Mickey, Minnie, Pluto, Duffy the Bear, Donald Duck, and a princess from Beauty and the Beast. There were a few others as well, but those are the ones we were able to get around to. We generally spent 15 minutes or so in line per character meet-n-greet. Test Track is a great ride, but note that you need your ticket/hotel card/wristband to get the full effect of the ride. Unfortunately, my son and I rode and my wife had our room keys, so when we got to the point where you design your car, we were stuck standing there twiddling your thumbs since we had no way to unlock the computer to start the design process. And oddly enough, there was no Disney employee in the design lab to help us. So once we got on the ride, the performance screens throughout the ride were blank and I'm assuming this is because we didn't design a car. Anyway, fast passes for this ride go quickly, so get yours early or plan on waiting a long time to get on this ride. If you have your own vehicle and staying at a Disney property, you can park at the theme park for no charge. For me, my must-do's at EPCOT include Test Track, Turtle Talk, the Seas with Nemo & Friends.
My least favorite Disney park. The park is quite dated, parts of it don't seem to have been updated since it was built 30 years ago. The wait for the big rides was over 2 hours long and no Fast Passes were available. The International Showcase is pretty good.
This is my all-time favorite theme park at Disney World. You don't have to worry about tummy troubles after the rides because all the rides are mild. Epcot's my favorite park because of all the food! Don't miss Boulangerie Patisserie in France, drinking a Bellini in Italy, and Karamel Kuche in Germany. Serveur Amusant is a must-see live act in France.
One of the reasons why I'm so jealous of Orlando; the famous EPCOT.  Why can't we have in California?! I would love to eat and drink around the world again!  I only made it halfway though. This is more for adults than kids unless you want to give your kid some more culture but I highly doubt they would appreciate it.  Also come here with a bunch of money because I can guarantee you that you'll be shelling out. Each country was so beautiful and one-of-a-kind.  Sometimes I forget I'm still in the US. I didn't really want to go in the showcases since I don't have time for that.  I spend a lot of time looking at the topiary, the architect and learning from the cast member.  Sometimes you actually get someone that actually came from that country which is pretty cool.  Freshly imported! IllumiNation and the rides sucked.  Only here to look at the amazing display of each country and of course to get fat and drunk people.   You CANNOT skip this place.  Come here to shop, explore, learn, eat and drink.
My favourite park -- possibly because it's like the nerdy park. Half museum, half venture into cultures (if you're willing to spend the time and actually talk to the cast members). If that isn't your thing and you're 21 or older then Drinking Around the World at the World Showcase might be your thing. Now I've heard of the fables passports which I saw in the wild but we went old school (childlike) and grabbed a Duffy and got all our stamps at the places that we drank. AND IT WAS ALL OF THEM. That aside though, it's a great place because of the nods that they give to the regions. Sure, it's not exactly accurate -- Germans don't have pretzel vendors on every corner (or so I hear) and Canadians don't wear flannel. But the architecture and decorations are nice if you've seen them before -- and even if you haven't, they are good to keep in mind for the future.
Loved the wine and food festival.
What an awesome place to walk around, enjoy the countries and eat all of the yummy food, not to mention the plethora of alcoholic drinks.  While I'm not one for drinking, my friend was and boy did she enjoy herself.  So much so that by the time we had our first meal (around 4pm), she was completely wasted.  I will have to say that we had an early breakfast at 7:30am since we had to drop off a friend at the airport.  We were having such a good time walking around and basically forgot to eat.   By the time we did get around to eating in "Restaurant Marrakesh" in Morocco (which was a sit down restaurant), we decided to go for the Royal Feast ($50 per person) so that we could have the appetizer, entree, and dessert all in one price. If you like Moroccan food or if you've never tried it, this place was on par with the Moroccan food here in San Jose that I love going to. The best rides here were "Soarin" and Mission Space Orange which was the more intense version.  The park was so huge that we missed out on some rides including "Sum of All Thrills" and "Ellen's Energy Adventure."  Nonetheless, we had a great time here and I'd probably come back so that I could see everything that we didn't get a chance to ride or see.   My only tip is be prepared to do a lot of walking so wear extra comfy shoes and of course lots of sunblock since the sun is really intense there! One more thing:  The Illuminations show wasn't all that.  Better fireworks here at Disneyland California. Ah Epcot, how I miss you.   Need to come back again soon.
I have to agree with the majority of these reviews, Epcot really is a phenomenal park.  The star attraction of Epcot is the world showcase, if you like to eat and drink booze this is a great place to go with a couple of friends.  I would recommend the grey goose slushes in france and the sultan's colada in Morocco.  STAY AWAY from the margaritas in Mexico, I couldn't believe how disgusting they were, I'm a huge fan of margaritas and I had to throw mine out because it was so foul.  (edit: after returning to Mexico I found the Margaritas on the rocks available in the restaurant inside the temple are fine, its the frozen ones on the street that must be avoided)  Teppan Edo in Japan is my favorite restaurant in the park; it is a hibachi style restaurant along the lines of Kobe or Benihana.  I'd also recommend trying the Kaki Gori from the little stand in Japan, they are freaking delicious. I typically avoid the rides as I have ridden almost all of them more times than I can count.  That being said there are a few rides that I would recommend going on if you have not already done so.   Soarin' is a great ride but not worth a 2+ hour wait, either fast pass it or come back later and try again if the line is that long.  Honey I shrunk the audience is a fun 3D movie that is worth checking out at least once.  Ellen's energy adventure is good for a few laughs and a little bit of 3rd grade energy info, one caveat is that this ride is literally like 40 minutes long.  Mission: SPACE has been mentioned plenty of times so I wont bother.  Some people love the ride in the land, I personally think watching tomatos growing in bags is ridiculously boring.  Test track is a fun one to do once or twice and The Ocean has a really awesome aquarium.
One of the happiest places on earth!
Epcot is an enjoyable park that is less focused on fantasy but more on imagination, showcasing countries from around the world and educating while entertaining on many attractions;showcasing technology, experiencing a world in the future where technology and science improve our lives. This park is particularly enjoyable among older kids or teenagers, adults, and seniors. This park is far less crowded than the others. This park I think is the most overlooked but it really is fun and you learn things, and immerse yourself in different cultures while doing it. Epcot is divided into four different areas: Future World East; Future World West; World Showcase East; and World Showcase West. The best time to visit the World Showcase is when it first opens because many people are at the front in Future World and it is best to do Future World in the late afternoon. Future World East: - Spaceship Earth: I thought this ride was really cool, you go through the history of the world, exploring the advancements made over time, and eventually create your own future. - Mission: SPACE: It is a very cool attraction but deeply consider whether you want a more or less intense experience. If you choose to go for less intense (green team) you don't get much of a thrill but is still cool, while the orange team (more intense) is more of a thrill but note you can't move. They even warn that blinking could disorient you...it was hard not to blink. - Test Track: Don't miss this! It is a lot of fun! I have not done Innoventions East or Universe of Energy with Ellen DeGeneres (Though it does sound cool!) Future World West: - Club Cool: It is fun sampling Coke beverages from around the world! Stop in for a bit! - The Seas with Nemo and Friends: It is a great ride! - Turtle Talk with Crush: If you have kids, this is a must do! - Soarin'- A very cool ride! - Living with the land- Interesting and informative! - Captain EO: I think this is a joke! It is the most ridiculous thing! It's a waste of time! Who's idea was it to have this at Epcot? I haven't done The Circle of Life, The Land, Journey into Imagination with Figment, Kodak "What if" Labs or Innoventions West. World Showcase: - Mexico: Very cool! Enter the Mayan Pyramid! - Gran Fiesta Tour Starring The Three Cabelleros: Good ride! - Norway: The Maelstorm is cool! - Maelstrom: This is a good ride! - China: Very cool, check out the exhibit! - Reflections of China: I liked it! - Germany: Go into the stores! - Italy: The design is cool! - The American Adventure: Good! -Japan: Good! Try to eat here! -  Morocco: Cool! - France: Cool! - United Kingdom: Go to the stores! I haven't done Canada ( I live in the suburbs of Detroit so it is only like 40 mins away.), O Canada, The American Adventure Show, Impressions de France. Don't miss the IllumiNations fireworks and light show every night before closing at the World Showcase! It is really cool! Have a magical time at Epcot!
EPCOT only gets four stars because Horizons. It's a great park, but Horizons was the coolest attraction ever and I miss it. Future World is amazing, I love the ultra-modern buildings, it makes me feel all optimistic about the future, a feeling that's hard to come by these days. If you want to do the big attractions without a long wait be at the gates before they open, head straight to Soarin' then over to Test Track, then Sum of All Thrills in Innoventions, then Mission Space, then back to Soarin' if you pulled a fast pass the first time. After that you can see the rest of the park at a leisurely pace. DO NOT GO STRAIGHT TO SPACESHIP EARTH. The only time Spaceship Earth has a wait is first thing in the morning, there's no wait the rest of the day.   If you want food your best bet in Future World is Sunshine Seasons in The Land pavilion. Lots of unique, reasonably nutritious and tasty options. In the World Showcase there are only a couple rides and you can see them without much of a wait. There's too many cool things in World Showcase to describe them all, but I love the Morocco Pavilion and its quick service restaurant the Tangerine Cafe. The platters are big enough to share and I love Mediterranian food. Illuminations is a fantastic fireworks show, don't miss it! There's great views all around the lake. EPCOT is a one-of-a-kind park that inspired me a a child and continues to stimulate my imagination as an adult. I can't wait to go back!
Not what i had envisioned my 1st time here. I enjoyed the world showcase but the front of the park felt like everything was stuck in the 80's. They need some major renovations. I could go w/out visiting epcot on my next trip.
The test track was the coolest ride. The "turtle talk with crush" was a real treat! I expected it to be boring but it was funnier than monster's "laugh floor". If you are using a quick service dining plan (more valuable to use it for lunch & dinner), use your snack credits to buy croissants, brioche and all the yummy breads from Les Halles at France Pavillion (tucked all the way in the back) to eat for breakfast. High quality pastries.
Truly the Disney park for adults, I love this Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow (aka EPCOT).   As a kid, I remember being so bored here...sitting through the American Adventure and the weird Kitchen Kabaret show, walking endlessly around that huge lake.  EPCOT always did have a good night show though.  And Figment from Imagination is my favorite character ever.   But as an adult, I have a new found appreciation for EPCOT.  Here's why: Figment is BACK!  They took him away for awhile, but he's back.  The renovated ride isn't nearly the same (where is the professor on the bike?!), and while it tries to be educational, I was actually a little bored.  But Figment is so cute...and touring his upside down house is awesome.   Soarin' is outstanding.  Just do it!   The new Seas is pretty cool, which a fun Finding Nemo ride and lots of fish and dolphins in the huge seatank.   Test Track shouldn't be missed...but long lines are a pain...get the Fast Pass.   All the interactive games and activities at the end of each Future World ride, especially Imagination and Spaceship Earth. I do love Spaceship Earth...yes, it moves slowly, but Judi Dench is the new narrator, and while you're slowly returning to the main level, there is a new interactive feature to the ride that entertains you for a few minutes...which you can e-mail to yourself! World Showcase is awesome for adults...because you can buy alcohol everywhere!  My brother-in-law was on a mission to buy a beer in each country!  And my sister, mother and I sipped champagne in France while waiting on line for my niece to meet Belle and the Beast.   Illuminations was pretty cool, though we didn't have the best view...we were tired and found a bench so we saw the fireworks but not the lake show.   The Mexico boat ride is pretty outdated, as is The Land boat ride.  Norway's boat ride, though short, is still pretty cool...love the viking ships and trolls.   One day soon I'll spend more time in EPCOT and get to eat in every country, but for this trip I had a great time.
A must see when in Florida. When going to the food area a good idea would be to make sure your walk around first as this place truly has variety. Talk about cuisine from all over the world. Most places though are often full so brace yourselves for a wait..
E.P.C.O.T. is actually short for Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow EPCOT has the distinction of being my personal favorite of the WDW theme parks. The "poop" or "Cliff's Notes" version of basic info * Opened on October 1, 1982 * Spans 300 acres * Dedicated to the celebration of human achievement, namely technological innovation and international culture * Largest focal point is Spaceship Earth, a geodesic sphere! * Made of two major areas: Future World and the World Showcase * Host to a very large Food & Wine Festival (held in the fall) that has been around for more than 15 years now. This place may not be appealing to most people for its shear size and lack of a copious amount of actual rides to go on, but I absolutely love this park. It's very expensive to visit one country let alone many countries which is part of the reason I love this place so much. When visiting the WS I can go to the various "countries" and experience to some degree what it is like to be in that country all with the safety of being in a Disney Theme Park. I love that Disney hires people from all those various countries to work the various stores, restaurants, etc. It manages to elevate the authenticity and like Walt would have wanted make someone forget that he, or she was still in America. I love shopping in the various countries and buying items that are tough to find (without the use of the internet!) I know what to expect when I go to this park and that's perfectly fine. I like how spread out it is, I like that this park is less crowded, and I really love the concept. I tend to spend more time in the World Showcase than I do in Future World. As far as ride wait times go I just cue up my trusty rusty "Mouse Wait" app on my cellphone and choose the rides with the shortest wait times to help expedite things. This park is ornate and photography proves to be quite fun. My favorite time of year to go is during their Food & Wine Festival for they have great bands that perform (i.e. Air Supply or Sugar Ray) and have lots of food to sample from the various countries... if only I had 3 stomachs and a super high metabolism!
During this time of the year, we have the Flower and Garden Festival upon us.  It is such a beautiful time of year at the EPCOT park.  The floating flower planters are so beautiful in the ponds on both sides of the walkway between future world and the World Showcase.  The topiaries are amazing, and I cannot forget to mention the Flower Power Concert Series. I saw Starship live just the other night.  Lets just say...I BUILT THAT CITY :-) Once again, EPCOT is amazing and I love it.  Always something fun to do for a local on a beautiful night after work :-)
Nothing beats spending a lazy Sunday wondering around the different countries and enjoying the different cuisine. Going to England to see The British Invasion while drinking cider or enjoying some Chimichangas in Mexico, there's a little bit of everything for everyone at this unique theme park.
EPCOT is the most challenging of the Disney Parks.  World Showcase is wonderful, and very popular.  Future World has the challenge of keeping up with the future.  Many of the things predicted when the park opened in the 1980's have happened and are a part of everyday like.  The excitement of some of the multimedia attractions appears a bit dated.  Kudos to Disney for trying to update attractions and bring them into the 21st century.  It's pricey, but makes the park worth visiting.  Overall, compared to other Disney Parks, this one seems a bit lacking.  It is the most popular one for the older guests and those without children.
Honestly, I think it's a bit lame.  People do know that France & Shanghai (to name a few) doesn't really look like that right?  It's nice to see but I'm not really a fan of the politically incorrect images Disney painted here.  I wouldn't spend a week here and spend thousands of $ with my kids.  Why not just take them to see the real thing? Ok, some good stuff...we went during the Food/Wine Festival (it ended last Sunday) and got to eat some really good food.  Even though some of the stuff were kinda cliche, others were really good.  San Juan was the best!  We also got to do a Sam Adams Beer Tasting Seminar.  I'm a fan now! Other than that, the Mission Space ride got me nauseous.  I usually love roller coasters but this wasn't fun during the hour after the ride.  The little girl next to us was screaming for her dad and I almost wanted to do the same.  But seriously, the rides were all pretty good.  Too bad there's only so few. "Yay! I'm a fan. Only once in a lifetime please."
Epcot is the park that is more sightseeing than a park with rides. Judging from the ride point of view, this place only has 2 good rides. These 2 rides are Space:Mission:Space and Test Track. A lot of different cultural restaurants around, but I was unable to try any out. Also, there are a lot of different cultural attractions you can enjoy.
Ok, so I know at times people will say this is not the best park, but it is definitely the most adult friendly of all the parks. Drinking around the world is a must, and a suggestion, I would not start with Mexico lol. Sharing drinks is also a great way to not spend a lot of money and still get your buzz on. Food and Wine Festival here is must.
Epcot was the first park we visited in the World of Disney. We focused on Future World, where most of the rides are located, and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves before leaving for a nap and returning for the excellent fireworks show in the evening. Soarin' is a fantastic ride, and a great introduction to the whole park. However, if we had it to do over again, I'd skip the Imagination Center stuff because it's as dull as very boring dishwater. As for the World Showcase... It's fine. The attention to visual detail is excellent, as it is throughout all Disney parks and attractions, but each country showcase is essentially a very elaborate wrapper on some fairly middle-of-the-road attractions. That said, Maelstrom in the Norway pavilion was really super. A final note: I was dismayed to see the number of British people ordering food from the Yorkshire Fish Shop in the British pavilion. PEOPLE! You are *on holiday*. Try something new! How about something from Marrakesh? Mexico? Japan? The best you can think to eat is battered fish and a pint of second-rate Bass ale?
What can I say? Epcot is the best part of the Disney World!  IllumiNations, Soarin', Spaceship Earth, much cultural diversity...this cannot be completed in one day!
My favorite part of EPCOT is the world showcase and eating at all the restaurants. My favorite restaurant in the world showcase is Le Cellier in Canada. As for the rest of EPCOT the new Test Track is a great ride and I recommend you go as a single rider. Theine is never more than 10 minutes. Soarin' is the best ride in EPCOT.
I hadn't even expected to go to Epcot on my recent trip to Orlando, but problems with the buses to Universal Studios meant I had to visit a Disney park (and had already gone to Magic Kingdom).  I was so pleasantly surprised!  Epcot is usually touted as the "old" and "fuddy-duddy" park out of the four, with few rides and lots of "educational" exhibits.  And, yes, a lot of that is true, but I found that, with expectations low, I had a lot of fun in Epcot. "Futureworld," or the part of the park with the giant golf ball, may have felt futuristic when it was created, but now does have a dated feel to its architecture.  I was stunned to discover that they're STILL showing the Michael Jackson Captain E-O Adventure in the park; I remembered going to that attraction 25 years ago when I was 4.  Some parts of the park really need an update as to what can be considered the "future", but the educational parts still hold up for kids.  Interactive exhibits where you can touch things (kids love to touch things!) are right beside big Disney-themed shows like The Seas with Nemo & Friends.  Personally I was thrilled that they hadn't gotten rid of Figment, the purple imagination dragon; I loved him so much as a kid! The two rides that are worth visiting are Test Track, where you race along a track in an open vehicle at speeds up to 60 miles per hour; and Soarin', half-roller-coaster, half-IMAX show that inexplicably features Patrick Warburton.  But I used FastPass for both of these rides, and I don't suggest waiting over an hour for either of them. The Around the World part still excites me when I go to Epcot; but not because it's like "visiting the world all in one day!" because it's really not like visiting those countries at all.  I like it because it's a different theme park experience than anywhere else, where you can see the different cultures and cuisines of different countries and still be entertained while you're learning.  The 3-D movie in China was great, and was accented by acrobats performing outside when we left.  I ate in Morocco's cheap restaurant for lunch, and it was one of the best theme park meals I've ever had.  Stay till the end of the night for their laser and fireworks show over the large lake, and make sure to get French pastries for dessert!
Epcot was not our favorite of the trip but it was still really awesome. We had dinner reservations at Coral Reef and got here early to explore a bit and we then came back the next day. We went to the fireworks after dinner and it started raining to everyone tried craming in the one store but we gave up and just stood in the rain. It was a good show but kinda bored the kids. Soarin is open later than the rest of the rides which was nice, went in there to let others get on the bus and the crowd to die down. We were able to ride it twice in a row and could've went more but were two tired. The space ride where it feels like you are going to outer space was a big hit. And they liked the aquarium. We did meet the characters(main ones)  there at character spot and they do come find the shy older kids which is great.
Very mixed feelings about this. It is the reason my mother thought it was okay to never take any international trips. I used to walk around and get stamps in a fake passport. However visiting it again after all of these years, I still like seeing the recreations of all of these countries (after having actually been to most of the real versions of them) staffed by people who are actually from those countries, making very close to authentic food. The fastpass system is frustrating to the non-initiated like myself, because I didn't have any of their credits and thus would have to wait 45 minutes to ride the test track ride, which supposedly isn't that cool anyway. I wish I could just go in and eat at these restaurants during my current stay at the Yacht club next door for a conference, but I would have to pay for admission to the park, which is who knows how much, on top of the cost of the meals themselves, which seems insane.
I love Epcot! This year 2011, I was really impressed with all their interactive games/exhibits. The Epcot Globe still has the ride that shows you how time, technology, and communication has brought us into the 21st century. But it also make you a video (taken with photos of your faces from the beginning of the ride) and tell you how you future might look on a little LCD screen in the ride car. ONce you've exited the ride, you don't need to pay for anything, just email yourself the video! How cool is that! flickr.com/photos/bluexk… Anyways, after going on that ride, and creating my own video game, I went to the countries. It's always a pleasure walking around and checking out the local flavor/beer.   I spent most of my time in "JAPAN" fishing for pearls. At the end of the night, the fireworks show was awesome. It was conglomeration of all the countries, and magnificent explosions!
If you are a runner, my favorite part of the Disney World Marathon was the run around Epcot in and seeing all the countries in one run.  Kidding aside, Epcot is great to visit and see what new schtufff Disney has been up to since our last visit.  Love having dinner at Epcot at LEAST 1 of the nights we visit.  Will update this review periodically.
As my friend so eloquently put it, "Epcot: Getting s***faced internationally without even leaving the state." Oh yeah! You hop from country to country having their signature drink in each and enjoying the journey all the way through. It's a fun time to be had by all. The World Showcase also has rides and shows. Then at 9pm, there is ILLUMINATIONS! FIREWORKS! AHHH! Aside from that, you have Soarin', Test Track, Spaceship Earth, Mission Barf, and many more FUN rides of the "future". If it were somewhere else, I'd say their "future" is a little outdated. But I won't. Because it's Epcot. And because I love it. Because it rules! I never get tired of this park. Can't wait for Food & Wine Festival this year!
So, this will be the first in my many reviews of spots at Disney World.   The wife and I went in to Disney on vacation this year. We had a blast.  Unfortunately, out of the 4 parks...this was my 3rd favorite.   If you're going to Epoct expect to learn.  There are so many things to learn here.  Trust me, it's fun...it's amazing...but, it's full of knowledge.  Even the fun stuff like the "Stunt Track" is full of learning how cars work...oh well.   The various countries are pretty cool...but, really just kinda fun to walk past and take a pic of.   All in all...there are 4 parks.  Epcot is number 3 of 4.
Awesome!  Need more than one day to see/do it all!
Seriously Epcot is not one of the most kid-friendly parks throughout the Disney empire, but I have to say it's probably my favorite. There's so much variety in rides, exhibits, activities, and shows. I can't say that at a day would be complete at Disney with a singular visit here and not any of the other parks, but Epcot holds it's own. My best recommendation is still to park at The Boardwalk (parking is free) and then walk or take the ferry over to the international entrance. If you're an early riser, hardly anyone enters through this entrance anyways. Make a b-line for Test Trac, and if the line is too long, grab a fast pass. It'll have you coming back around 10-11ish if you're there at opening. Not a bad compromise. Soarin' is definitely the second-best ride to wait for. It's relaxing, indoors (which means sanctuary from the abysmal FL humidity/heat) and is actually fascinating. Other than riding rides, check out The Land. It's absolutely remarkable. Takes you through a tour of agriculture and gives plenty of insight on how we farm. Also, eating here is my favorite. You can get sushi, which is actually pretty good, and other veggie-friendly options. If you're in to drinking, take a lap around the world showcase and grab a brew from some of the different countries. It's hilariously fun if you try and grab one at each. Spaceship Earth (inside the big golf ball) is still one of the best ways to take a break, cool down, take a nap, relax, etc. It's another constantly moving ride, so waits are relatively nonexistent. There are also some cool new things at Innoventions. I'd definitely recommend walking around and seeing all of the different activities. Great educational experience for the kids and, once again, solace from the FL heat. Monorail access is key here, too. Easy jump to Trans&Ticket Center and then onto Magic Kingdom. Stick it out to 9pm/10pm for the fireworks that happen nightly. The laser show and sheer level of professionalism that goes into this is just astounding. You won't be disappointed.
I love this park!  The world showcase is spectacular and so are the rides at the front of the park! I recommend coming here later during the day, or spending the first half of your day towards the front of the park indoors because there is literally no shade over at Epcot. You will burn from the scorching sun if you're not careful! I mean it! I was a little sad that Test Track was closed for the day due to renovations and I missed out on Mission Space, but I did manage to go on a couple of rides here. Some of my favorites: 1. Spaceship Earth: There is barely any wait for this ride. Its a very relaxing ride, and there were some new installments, such as the cool video towards the end of the ride where you get to pick out your future! 2. Soarin'- Same thing as Soarin' Over California over a California Adventures! I suppose it's new over at Epcot, so the wait was painfully long. Though, I can't complain because the AC made it worth the wait. The ride is still great, as always. 3. Living With The Land -  A really slow ride, but I guess it's okay. There were a lot of interesting plants shown through the ride. 4. Mexico - Another relaxing ride. There's also no wait for this ride. You just sit on the boat and lean back and relax. Overall, this park has changed a lot. A few of my old favorites were replaced with something else, such as Body Wars. Nonetheless, I still love this park very much. I did get to visit the World Showcase later by the end of the night, but didn't stay for long because I was exhausted. I stayed for Illuminations, which is a firework show. Be sure to get a good seat because I ended up standing next to a trashcan. Nonetheless, it was still a good seat because the fireworks were right above my head, I had to tilt my head upwards to see it! It was really really nice! Oh, and if you're thirsty, don't forget to visit The Cooling Station! Unlimited Coke from the featured countries in the World Showcase!
4.5 stars. Epcot is one of my favorite parks in Disney World. There are not that many rides though, but I enjoy almost every single one. Test Track is my favorite and it's not very intense. Mission Space is a fun simulator and Soarin' is just like the one in California Adventure. Nemo is a nice addition for kids and the two boat rides in the World Showcase is pretty good to escape from the heat. Walking around World Showcase is a pretty good experience and I would imagine that Walt Disney would be proud of this if he was still around. Great job Disney!
I really love Epcot, but I have NEVER taken advantage of all it has to offer.  The rides here, though not large in number, are great.  Mission: Space and Soarin' are two of my favorites.  Spaceship Earth is pretty cool too and Test Track is supposed to be great, but I haven't tried it.   The next time I'm down here I'm going to make an effort to spend time in Epcot and do more in the country pavilions and see what they're like instead of just eating and drinking (though that's still a great attraction).  I've eaten at the Moroccan and Japanese restaurants as well as the Liberty Inn and I've had the pleasure of being here during the beer and wine festival which was a lot of fun.  I If you've beer seen the fireworks display, it's worth staying to see-especially with the kids.  If there was ONE park that I would get a multiple day pass to it would be Epcot-if for no other reason than there are so many choices for restaurants.   Next time...
The best park at Disney for the adult or mature teen.  Who doesn't love walking around the world and sampling the best of the best food and drinks from the represented countries?  If that doesn't sound appealing to you, then you should probably stay away.  The rest of EPCOT is hit or miss.  The rides are ok (Soarin' and Test Track are fun, the others more 'educational') but the World Showcase is my favorite place in the Disney Parks.  I wish they would add India or Thailand to represent another huge population with GREAT FOOD.
Mission: SPACE and Spaceship Earth were both awesome.  The food at La Cantina De San Angel was really good but extremely overpriced.
Went up to Epcot for the day to see the Flower and Garden Festival before it ended. Since we have season passes, but we are blacked out certain times, it was best just to do a day trip. This year at the festival there were food and drink kiosks at each country in World Showcase. We tried the candy dipped strawberries and peach bubble tea from China, the Hot Sun tomato wine from Florida Fresh, and Dole Whip with spiced rum from the Pineapple stand. I loved everything, but the Dole Whip with spiced rum was my favorite. You really can't go wrong with Dole Whip in general and then adding spiced rum just pushes it over the top! Of course all food and drinks are expensive at Disney, as you would expect but it's fun to be able to try new things. My mom and I pretty much always share stuff we get at the carts so we are able to try a few more things for the money. As for the topiaries this year, I thought there were going to be more new ones, but for the most part they were the same ones as last year. The opening scene when you enter the park was new and the Monsters University display was new, but that was it. Since we went the last weekend of the festival, pretty much all the merchandise was sold out and I wasn't able to find the bag or tee I wanted. So I purchased my Chip & Dale festival pin instead. Epcot is my favorite and I can't wait to go back. I'm definitely a fan and love just being able to go enjoy Disney.
I've been to DW 7 times, and Epcot is my favorite.  One area that I have never been to and we have always bypassed is the Innovations area, East and West Wing.  This is actually a great place for small kids.  My son went nuts with all the hands on stuff.  We even made a video game with all 3 of us jumping up and down like fools.  It was hilarious.  We went to Epcot twice 2 weeks ago, and on the second visit we spent 4 hours alone in Innovations before heading out early. I had also never bothered with Club Kool because we have always missed it, but it is where you can taste colas from all over the world.  It was a new experience and interesting, but I didn't particularly like any of them.  When you've drank Coca Cola all your life, it's hard to like anything else.  I have been so weaned on sweet Coke my whole life, that I cannot even drink beer or wine without gagging.  So when I see people going gaga for beer and even trying to be funny and letting their 3 year old take a sip of beer as I did today at the Maryland Renaissance Faire, I just shake my head in dismay.  Not only does beer and wine cloud your mental capacities and get some whinos hooked, it also taste nasty and bitter.   Anyway, Epcot is so huge that you can never see everything.  For example, I still haven't been able to eat or shop in the France, Italy, or Canada sections, even though I would like too.  Not enough time to see everything. The grand finale of fireworks isn't that spectacular.  When you've been raised in DC your whole life and have seen the 4th of July fireworks, it can't compare with the Disney extravaganzas period. I regret not buying the cheap panda bear bracelet from the Chinese bazaar with my son's name.  Where else am I going to get a bracelet like that with "Sebastian."
Better than Disney
Have you ever taken a trip that really struck a cord with you at the time, so much so that you went back years later with friends or family to share the magic with them? I visited Epcot way back in the Day as part of an extended vacation, and came away with some truly glowing memories.  When I returned years later, the place didn't live up to either my recollections, or to it's 4  1/2 star average review score on Yelp.  In fact, I was so disappointed in the Epcot experience that it's safe to say it was the low-point of my latest Florida trip. The high point of my most recent trip to Orlando was our visit to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Universal Studios Islands of Adventure.  I set out on a Florida vacation with my two best coaster-crazed compadres, and we had a total blast when we hit IOA: yelp.com/biz/universal-s….   With our appetites for amusement parks whetted, and our respective coaster Jones ready to kick into high gear, we arrived at Epcot right as it opened, ready for a completely Epic day.  Instead, we ran through everything worth doing faster than s**t through a goose!  By 1pm, we went back to the ticket office and upgraded our tickets so we could spend the rest of the day in Disney Studios.  There we got our day of fun back on track and happily ran amok until they threw us out at closing time. Exactly why was Epcot so disappointing?  Far from being the "Magic Kingdom for adults" that I remembered it being, I found that the rides are hardly worth getting out of bed for, and that the "round-the-world multicultural experience" I had heard so much about was even more pathetic than the real effects of Obamacare on the quality of health care in America. The three best rides at Epcot are: - Soarin': Flew me back to California A faster than Virgin America got me here! :-)  Identical to the version originally build in Disney's California Adventure theme park (though perhaps a little shorter) this ride sends guests on a sweeping flyover above the wondrous Golden State for a birds-eye view of the rich landscape and topography. - Spaceship Earth: Thirty thousand years of time travel - Inventing the future one day at a time.  Because it's housed in Epcot's signature structure (the giant golf ball), and is right at the entrance, Spaceship Earth attracts visitors like a magnet attracts iron filings. You'd probably do better first thing in the morning to go ride Test Track, and then return to this fascinating look at the history of communication.  With this ride, Disney has outdone itself in the creation of animatronic characters. It's a sedate, compelling ride that shouldn't be missed. - Test Track: Probably the second most popular ride at Epcot and it has the wait times to match.  Described as a "thrilling simulator ride", it has no thrills to speak of, and while it's not awful, it's more of a glorified product placement for GM than anything else.  Test Track features a long, loud winding queue surrounded by simulated auto-part testing, and a disappointing short and slow read in an open-air car that's about as exciting as making out through a screen door.   As for the aforementioned "multicultural experience", it's little more than a collection of poorly disguised fast-food emporiums staffed by friendly teenagers who happen to speak the language of whatever "country" the fast food is alleged to have originated in.  The food quality and prices are on par with typical themepark fare; bland, greasy, and forgettable.  After touring half a dozen "countries", we let discretion be the better part of valor and headed for the turnstiles. In summary, in the cold light of the present day, I'd describe Epcot as Disney's version of California Adventure for Florida.  Like CA, it might be worth adding as a half-day side-trip when you're going to hit one of the other Disney theme parks.  I bumped my original two star rating up to three stars for the unique Disney magic you'll experience on Spaceship Earth and Soarin', but it's simply not worth the price of admission by itself.
I visited this park last Sunday.  We stayed the whole day until the fireworks were finished.  There was always something to do and we didn't manage to do everything but at least we were able to try the popular rides like Soarin and Mission: Space.  the former was fun and the latter made me ill for awhile. We managed to visit each of the "countries" and tried out some of their food.  While most food items were overpriced as expected, having a Kakigori from the Kabuki Cafe was great. I also liked the Coke flavor samples and drank to our hearts' content of the sweet stuff.
We have taken more day trips to Epcot to do nothing more then ride a few rides and just wander around the "world" having a good time people watching and talking with cast members.  We celebrated both our engagement and marriage here and have had more fun talking with other guests and cast members.  The Food and Wine Festival is not to be missed, and the Flower and Garden Festival provides a good kick off to the summer season.  While not the park I grew up with in the '80's Epcot does a good job of still trying to progressive and entertaining, while balancing it with what modern park goers expect.  While I miss Horizons and the real Journey into Imagination, a ride on Soarin' and you know this park is still trying to live up to Walt's ideals of having enough space were all the dreams of the future can become a reality.
In my several visits to Epcot, there are some parts that are really dated, but I look forward to revisiting.  My only concern is for them keeping things relevant for future generations.  Probably some of the most healthy and variety dinning options out of all of the parks.
You gotta love Epcot where in one day you can travel around the world and then to the future and back!  This park is more popular for older kids and adults.  However, Disney has done a great job of adding some more kid friendly attractions and activities. Some of the favorites at Epcot include: Soarin Test Track Mission Space Turtle Talk with Crush Spaceship Earth IllumiNations One of the highlights of Epcot is the food.  You can dine around the world!  Check out Yelp for some of the restaurant reviews.  There are so many incredible restaurants at Epcot.  The dining is certainly a great part of this Disney Theme Park.
We liked it but I am not sure we would go back- sorta been there seen that- the kids found the park's rides a bit boring- I might go with out kids so we could really experience all it has to offer!
My husband I popped down to check out the Flower and Garden Festival. We love Epcot. The kiosks have great options for small, tasty, unique food options.  Don't miss Italy. The Caprese was excellent. Their roasted peppers were so sweet and the fresh mozzarella was a very generous portion. The Shrimp and Grits at Florida Fresh was spicy and fantastic. Spring and Fall at the WDW Parks and Resorts are perfect. It is not too hot and not too busy. Don't miss out!
My 1st and never the last visit to Epcot. Recommended to all ages especially families
4.5 stars With just a LITTLE more effort, this place could be amazing. Update some of the rides, add some new stuff, bam, you've got yourself one heck of a park. Listen to me, the spaceship ride is intense. I love intense stuff, and this was INTENSE. They aren't joking when they have barf bags next to your seat. You literally feel like you're in a space shuttle. I was lucky enough to go when the food and wine festival was going on. I didn't have a single thing I didn't like, and I'm a picky eater. I felt china and morrocco were way better than I anticipated. They just kept going and going. The park as a whole was actually better than I expected. Can't wait to go back!
Some great rides. Nothing in between to catch your attention. Worst of all the signage is horrible. Nothing like Disneyland.
I love EPCOT, I swear it's the only park I go to and actually WANT to go to unless its Christmastime and then who doesn't love the ice castle or Osbornes dancing lights? I hardly even go on rides at this park and ususally just get a beer or margarita and circle the World Showcase for hours and hours but honestly its just so nice who needs anything else?  If you are a ride person then i recommend showing up early because the big rides (Test track and Soarin) still get 60+ minute waits fast and they stay that way all day long so if it were me, i'd get a fast pass for Soarin then head to Test Track to have an extra jolt of excitement to wake me up.  The ice cream place that used to be between the character spot and the coca-cola tasting location is now going to be a Starbucks and as of 8/25 it was still under construction.  If you are like me and like to just appreciate your surroundings then find a bench near the Electric umbrella quick service restaurant and watch the water fountain for some of its little shows.  If you sit too close and/or if its a windy day then expect to get wet. Food wise- for the widest selection in one spot then stop at Seasons which is right outside of Soarin.  This is sort of cafeteria style lines for food and theres so many different types of food I honestly don't think there is a single person that couldnt find something they didnt want to eat. *best sit down restaurant- I loved the French restaurant and it requires a reservation so plan ahead *worst experience- Morocco......i don't want to get all worked up again but lets just say I have never been so mad and so insulted by a restaurant MANAGER in my entire life and i refuse to ever EVER EVERRRRR go to this country again *favorite most ultimate and semi secret spot- Tutto Gusto wine bar...its attached to the sit down restaurant but its tucked just behind it that people don't always realize its there.  hands down my favorite sangria ANYWHERE and trust me when i say i've tried a LOT of sangria :) *fan favorite that i've yet to try- Le Celier in Canda...its bookmarked ;) *side note about the sit down restaurant in China- its good, the service is great, but honestly its very PF Changs so i can't say i felt like i was getting a good representation of authentic Chinese food
Epcot takes a certain level of sophistication to truely appreciate.  The park is a celebration of the human experience.  Originally it was concieved in two parts, Future World, which celebrates mankind's spirit of discovery and invention, and world showplace which allows you to explore a tapistry of cultures from around the globe, and the common threads that bring us together as one human race.  The park seems to be moving in a direction that seems to be taking the first half of the park away from its original "discovery" theme, and more towards a generic theme park experience.  The rides are ok, but the real essence of Epcot (which I would argue, contrary to what Disney says is TOTALLY unlike what Walt Disney originally wanted) is still the World Showcase where you can drink, dance, shop, drink, eat, drink, explore, drink, ride and drink your way through out the countries.  Illuminations is not to be missed.  Period.
It pains me to give Epcot  a mediocre rating, especially since I believe in the creative genius of Walt Disney, but this review is going to be holistic rather than focused solely on the facility and entertainment within. We expected to see our fair share of screaming kids, clueless parents, rude adults, both foreign and domestic, and to do lots of walking and a bit of waiting in line, so these things were no surprise.   We thought that by going midweek in offseason (is there such a thing at Disney?) that the crowding and waiting would be less of an issue.  Wrong!  And side rant to the general public:  PUT YOUR FUCKING PHONES AWAY AND WATCH WHERE YOU'RE WALKING. This place was jammed and the waiting aspect was worsened by the fact they did not have all entry lines open, the monorail had one or two cars completely closed off,  and one of the biggest attractions (Soarin') had technical difficulties resulting in 45+ minute waits even with a fast pass.   The stand-by line was up to 3, count 'em 3 hours long for a five-minute ride.   Food was decent to pretty good, but overpriced.  When eating on Disney property, they've got you by the short-n-curlies, so $100+ lunches for two is normal.  (cocktail, salad, entree, dessert, tip)  You could get by cheaper by skimping, and I don't mean to sound like a couple of swells, but we like to treat ourselves well when we go out, as long as there is a value attached.  The meals we had would have been $50-60 at a regular restaurant.   We stayed at Caribbean Beach Resort.  Clean rooms, comfy bed, in-room coffee, free bus service to parks.  'Nuff said.   We used only one of the 3-day Florida resident pass, so we can go back to two more parks before June 7, but we're not sure we want to. It's a shame, because I know what a blast a day at Disney can be.  Of course, I was in my early 20s when I went to Disneyland in California.  I may now be an old fart of a certain age, but I still like to have fun, and we came away from Epcot kind of underwhelmed.
When in Orlando... go to Disney. Dunno what else i can say that millions haven't said about Epcot already... but I suppose I can offer you my opinion on the rides so you don't waste two hours in line for something that isn't worth it... In one day we visited the following rides: Spaceship Earth - You gotta ride this at least once - it's the ride inside the big Epcot ball.  It's an educational ride and pretty relaxing and a pretty good length.  If the wait is pretty long, try coming back here at the end of the day - the line is much shorter cuz this is the ride most people hit first in the day. Soarin' - Great ride but definitely not worth a 2+ hour wait - the ride is only 10 minutes long.  Try to fast pass it as soon as you can before all the fast passes are gone for the day. Honey I shrunk the audience - fun 3D movie.   Mission: SPACE - some people like it but I have to say my wife and I absolutely hated this ride.  We opted for the "more intense" ride, and I seriously felt like i was gonna vomit on this thing - thank goodness it ended when it did. The Land Boat Ride - I liked it - educational ... but I'm nerdy like that... Test track by GM - In my opinion the best ride in the park - it's fast paced and pretty lengthy of a ride.   The Living Seas with Nemo - neat but short ride through the aquarium - good for kids. Hope this helps you as you plan your day.
Might have been nice back in the day but buck up Disney and update your world. Energy Ellen's Energy Adventure | Dated and cheesy Captain EO starring Michael Jackson: might make interesting for late night tv watching but a 2013 Disney production not a chance. Food and wine festival: while a nice concept try having seating available for more than 10 people to enjoy their bites and drinks! And disney while being thought of as innovative and tech savvy, ordering for festival is archaic. 1st a cashier takes your order and hands you receipt, then you hand receipt to another employee outside the booth who reads it aloud and hands to employee behind the booth who takes it, rips it and hands it back to employee whom hands it to you. Finally one of two employees behind the booth prepares food unsure what other employee is standing in booth for. This lead to long lines and hungry and/or thirsty guests! Really! Actually waited in a bathroom line ( by Germany) and why did we have to wait? 2 stalls in women's bathroom. Count them 2. When was it ever a good idea to put 2 stalls in an amusement park? And the bathrooms were not clean or perhaps they started out clean but we're not kept that way. Disappointed w/ you disney. The fast track tickets protocol has changed check this out before going to park to avoid being disappointed when arriving at park. The only highlights was disney concert series, we saw Pointer Sisters and the IllumiNations: Reflections of Earth fireworks show both did not disappoint! My advice is to save your money until disney decides to spend some on Epcot!
The first park that we visited at Disney World. Kind of cool because you get to see lots of cultures from around the world. They also have people of that country's ethnicity working at the different country sections. The environment that Disney has created is so authentic, its almost as if you're really in that country. Spaceship Earth was interesting. Mission Space made me somewhat motion sick, but that's because we chose the "intensive training". Wish I had more time to explore all the countries but we mostly just walked past not having enough time to explore since we were visiting Disney World for just a day. Would definitely plan to spend more time here the next time I visit!
A strong 4.5 Stars.... I heart this place. If Disneyworld and Disneyland weren't a part of this world, then I might just be happy being here at Epcot! I had many friends dissuade me from attending this wonderfully decorated, albeit not magical, park. The appeal here was not "magic" but more so marvels. The different worlds (Japan, China, Mexico, Germany, France, Morocco.... and yes even Canada and Norway were pretty cool). My pluses were from what I can recall from my travels the Disney team in imagineering did a pretty darn good job of representing the world in their showcase, I especially like the animatronic foreigners who help us at every world.... (wait a sec,  they're people actually from those countries?) ok, so the PEOPLE here were really cool, and actually had a lot of the stereotypes that I thought I'd see in those countries: France - The Women were Really Cute, The Guys were really rude. Japan - Everyone was always smiling and bowing Mexico - Everyone was drunk and smiling You get the picture... If I could I'd go back here and celebrate my birthday, I mean it's only in (1, 2, 3, 4...) months so I could save up....hmmm... Well if you can't make it to Animal Kingdom, or Hollywood Park is too crowded, make your way to EPCOT, but be weary this is not really THAT interesting to those under 3 years old, I saw plenty of sad, tired faces in that park. But please enjoy!
The best park Disney has to offer. I've loved Epcot since I was a small child and it's always such a treat for me to visit. The best attractions in my opinion are test track, mission space, spaceship earth (it been updated recently), and maelstrom. It fun, but also a great learning experience. I'm surprised that you don't see as many school groups here. Does anyone remember the Barbie show at the american stage facing the lagoon? It is among my favorite memories of this place. The world showcase is amazing too. Take time to wander through each country and try a little food from each pavilion. The bakery in France is a must as is the japanese snow cone stand.
My favorite theme park at Disney... although I do still miss a bunch of the classic old rides (*cough*Horizons*cough*), it's still a great way to spend a day or two.
I hate the price. They rob you from the start, but it was worth it in the end. $80 for 5 hours of fantastic fun! If you are prone to motion sickness...do not, I repeat, do not go on the Space Mission ride. Its neat but ew. Check out the countries of course, but my least favorite are Canada and UK. They really should add another, like Zimbabwe or Egypt or something. Russia would be awesome.
Always great entertainment...
Truly a place that should be on every one's bucket list. Where do I even begin? You get a little bit of every thing. Visiting different cultures was such an experience.  It's like traveling around the world on a budget. Try out the different foods around Epcot. Be careful as some tend to get pricey. Whatever you do, stay until closing.. it will be worth it. I promise.
I hate to say it but going to Epcot as an adult was somewhat... boring. I wish I could give Epcot 3 1/2 stars but 4 is just a stretch.   To be fair, we refused to wait 75 minutes to ride Soarin' (the FastPass time was HOURS later and we decided it wasn't worth it). I hear it's awesome and maybe that ride alone could have bumped this up to a four star review. The highlights: -Test Track. But it wasn't nearly as awesome as I thought it would be. -The aquarium at the end of The Seas with Nemo and Friends... but the ride sucked. Big time. -Drinking our way "around the world". But the drinks were a little overpriced, even for my Chicago standards. -Surprisingly, The Land. I found it relaxing and interesting. See how my "highlights" are just... lukewarm? I think I could have liked the World Showcase more if I didn't live in a multicultural city like Chicago. I wasn't impressed by the food... I can get MUCH better sushi, fish and chips, taquitos etc at home for much cheaper. I have easy access to all the imported beers they served there. We had fun though. Real BIG misses with us: -Spaceship Earth. BORING. Seriously. -Journey into Your Imagination. Terrible. -Mission:Space made me want to barf all over myself. -The Seas with Nemo and Friends. You have to ride it to see the AWESOME aquarium at the end but it was a stupid ride. All in all, when we plan a post-kids trip, we'll probably be back but it is certainly not my favorite of the parks.
It is one of the best parks at Disney World, it's got something for everyone.  Its a permanent worlds fair, a great variety of food choices and has some really great rides.  The vitage 80s future theme is classic.
I don't know if I can add to anything that many other people have said over and over.  I will suggest 2 things for you though: DO the circle movies at China and Canada.  Not something you'd put at the top of your list, but they're typically quick, no-wait kinda things and both are entertaining!
This is my favorite out of all the parks at Disney World.  It's just one big learning experience from technology, biology, to world culture. Definitely spend some time here, at least 2 days is possible.  There's so much to see, eat and learn.
Epcot is my favorite park at Disney by A LOT. The world showcase is just a dream come true. So many activities and GREAT restaurants in each countries section that that alone is the best part of Disney! Then you have future world with some fun rides and attractions and it just makes Epcot so amazing. Great job, Disney!
The sad part of EPCOT is that this place was a centerpiece of Walt Disney's vision for the Florida project. It was to be a living, working community where science and discovery came to life. Unfortunately, it is now basically a permanent, albeit quite nice, World's Fair. The disappointing parts of Epcot are 1. the fact that no new countries have been added to the World Showcase since Norway in 1988. Many believe this is because the countries themselves must shell out money for these. The fact is most were paid for with some combination of Disney and corporate money from the various countries and that 2. Consumerism, which I am generally all for (how can you go to Disney and not appreciate all they do?) has turned the educational ideals of EPCOT into another amusement park filled with Disney characters and fast food. That being said.... 1. There are some cool educational things here. Many corporations have sponsored innovative attractions for all ages. 2. The place feels very 1982, but in a very clean way.  In the spring, the Epcot flower show is amazing. 3. On a nice day the walk around the World Showcase is relaxing and generally less crowded with strollers. 4. The food court in The Land exhibit offers more variety than probably anyplace in Disney World. I wish that Disney Corp would do more to sink money into this park, and maybe even try to connect in some way to the original Walt Disney ideas.  In the meantime, Epcot is good for a relaxing day during an extended stay at Disney World.
I love Epcot. It's just me and my boyfriend, without kids, so needless to say my boyfriend was skeptical about a vacation to the Disney World Resorts. Epcot changed his mind quickly. There is plenty to do for two grown adults looking for entertainment. The restaurants are fun, each staffed with residents from those countries. The wine selection in the Germany part of Epcot was fantastic and it was a treat to be able to take a glass with us and walk around the park. My boyfriend enjoyed the sake from the Japanese section and learned more about variations of sake from the helpful cast member. The stores are all fun and try to be as authentic to their nationality as possible. We loved the various rides and stayed for the firework show which was truly incredible.
This is my FAVORITE of all the parks!! They've only got a couple rides, but what makes this park great is the World Showcase. It's not really a place for kids, and I think thats why I like it do much, there's a lot less screaming brats!! It's interesting to walk through the "world" and experience all the people. Even the workers are from those countries, nice touch!! They have great food, not too cheap, but soo yummy (try the bakeries).
Epcot is one of the Disney World Parks that has its own uniqueness. It houses a host of cultures from around the world. This is one of my favorite parks behind Magic Kingdom. The reason being that although there are is a great deal of things to do and sights to see its one of those parks where the excitement will wear down with more visits in my opinion. There are few rides and you can see the sights but after you see them once and explore them it will wear down. However for a first timer like me, I loved it! My girlfriend adn I went to Orlando, Florida for our anniversary trip and let me tell you it was a great experience! There are several Pavillions, each is a different culture aroudn the world. For example, China, Mexico, Norway, Germany, Canada, France, Morocco, Italy, England, Japan and I might be missing one or two more. Each has its own little twist and has a small entertainment piece such as a boat ride or a show. Italy has a comedy show while France has a sort of comedy/acrobatic show which was fun to watch. Each Pavillion also has workers from the actual country so that was fun to experience! Now each Pavillion has a restaraunt there as well however it may not be authentic food so be aware. I saw the food in the China area and it did look closer to Panda Express then what they would normally serve so be careful! It is a pretty sizable park with lots to do and in my opinion very fun for the kids! A must see for all of you first timers out there going to Disney World! At the end of the night there is a light and laser show called Illuminations: Reflections of Earth. Which was a great and very entertaining show! And even better? You can see it from any side of the park! Granted there are better views then others but it is mostly 360 degrees! Just watch out because there are a lot of trees and poles in the park so they may obscure your view! ALSO ANOTHER WARNING. Fireworks are near the end of the pond and may shoot out towards the center of the pond with a loud bang so some of you be prepared for the sudden and loud noise! But still a great show and a great park overall! Have fun and visit those Pavillions!
Even though Epcot is not the biggest park, I would say it would be the park that causes the most walking.  It also seems to be the park that takes the most amount of time and energy to do. It also seems like the park most geared towards adults, where about 50 percent of the people there are quite inebriated.   It is broken up into two sides.  The World side that has different countries and their foods/stuff and the sciencey side that has the rides and what not. I would say if you want to do everything cool you need at least 10 hours,  They have a lot of things here and the place is a lot of walking so you lose a lot of time just for that.  The world side has special seaonal things as well, like when we went there was the worlds fair food show which basically has food and drinks from the different countries in a sample style setting.  About $4 a try per food. They also have Kim Possible "stations" about that you can go on an adventure, I did one of them just to see and I must say it would be pretty dang cool for a kid.  Though it takes up about 40 mins and you walk around.  But it helps to check out a "country" and you get to see and interact with stuff that someone who doesn't do it wouldn't get to see. Highly recommend to get a fast pass for SOAR as soon as you get in the park as they ran out at around 2pm and the wait was always 50 mins when we were there, so we never rode it. I will have to come back eventually to hopefully do half of the stuff I missed.
Epcot is fun! If you come, though try to focus on the rides instead of the different countries. The countries are kind of boring, so don't plan on spending much time on them. Some highlights that you will DEFINITELY want to try are: Soarin (use a fast pass), Test Track (definitely use a fast pass!), Spaceship Earth (line goes fast), Mission Space (prepare to barf!), Circle of Life (show), and Imagination! Pavilion. If you plan to come, plan to stay from opening (9 A.M.) to closing (8 P.M.)! One thing you do not want to miss is the fireworks that go on every night right before the park closes! This park is a blast!
I can't say anything else that my fellow yelpers haven't mentioned. Out of all the Disney Theme parks, this was my favorite. Epcot definitely caters more to adults, but there's plenty of stuff for kids to get into as well. For $130 (1 day ticket for an adult), you can get the Park Hopper option which gets you into all four Disney parks. I only managed to visit Magic Kingdom and Epcot but I'm sure if you plan it well, you can visit all four. My favorite aspects of Epcot: - World Showcase (e.g. Japan, Morocco, France, etc.) with gift shops galore, delicious foods from around the world, drinks, live entertainment and more. It's a true feast for the eyes as there's so much to see. The architecture is outstanding and words can't describe the experience. - 9PM fireworks display. This was really cool. I'd suggest looking for an elevated spot to watch the 15 minute show in advance. - Gardens/grounds: the landscape is beautiful. I loved the colorful flowers and shrubs throughout the park.
If I hadn't already been to Disneyland so many times, Magic Kingdom would be my favorite park at WDW.  But, since I've done the DL thing and I'm old enough to partake in everything at Epcot, I have to say it was my favorite park.  The World Showcase was really fun to visit, even though it lacks attractions.  A couple of countries have dark rides, and a few have tourism films (most were concise and beautiful except the US, snooze).  The cast at each country are all from that country, too!  You can get a different beer at almost every country for a reasonable price of $7-9 for 20oz, and some countries have wine and liquor as well.  I also enjoyed watching the British Invasion tribute at the UK, unfortunately they only played for 30 minutes. Characters are easier to visit than at Magic Kingdom... we saw Mickey, Donald, Goofy etc, as well as Belle, Aurora, Mary Poppins, Alice, and Mulan.  If you don't want to wait in lines, there's a princess character dining at Akershus in Norway.  Don't be apprehensive about Norwegian food, there's steak and salmon on the menu too.  I thought it was totally worth it, especially if you're using the Dining Plan! I'm sorry to admit I thought the Test Track was lame until the speed part at the very end... I'm not sure why the line was over 100 minutes (thank you, fast pass!).  I liked Spaceship Earth, I thought it was very creative.  Nemo was similar to the submarines at Disneyland but I thought it was better here!   We did the Mission: SPACE "less intense" team and still felt a bit nauseous.  The Ellen/Bill Nye ride was kind of silly but also very unique and creative.  Oh, and the greenhouse in Living With The Land was really impressive! During our 5 days at WDW we came back to Epcot the most (primarily for beer, haha) and I definitely recommend it for older Disney fans.
Waited in line one hour to buy tickets to enter the park. Step it up Disney!! Your cross selling is out of control!!
This park is more for the adults. Lots of shows -- not so many rides. You will probably only see a couple of characters here. The kids didn't enjoy this park as much as the adults did. Must stay for the fireworks show on the lake at night!
Loved the educational aspect of it, had a great time. Tip: Run through the park to get fastpass! Get the iPhone app to get user submitted wait times.
i'll admit, i was a bit bored. it was more of a walking around eating food park. i can eat but then my belly started to explode after eating food item after food item constantly for the whole day. i do not recommend the margaritas. they are weak and don't taste that great. the lefsa and butter wasn't all that appealing either. don't bother. get the german food. trie the french as well. there's a good french restaurant so i had dinner there. not bad. i forget what i had...probabl a french onion soup. i love those. i wasn't too disappointed but i still felt this place was lacking. i'm not sure spending a whole day here is a good choice.
Seriously? You put me in a self contained place where I can literally drink my way around the world from country to country and expect me to stay sober? Oh Hellz No! Sure, Epcot was really built and designed to be more of an educational park that would be more attractive to older teens and the adult crowd. Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow is it's real meaning. It's not about the rides here as there are only a few, but more about world culture, cuisine of the lands, country traditions, history, and the future of mankind as a whole. I remember going here as a kid and being kinda bored, while my parents tried to take us around and educate us. They loved it. I just wanted to go to Disney World to get on the rides. Here I am older now and I still love crazy rides, but now Epcot has become a cool destination park for me! So much food to eat, and even more booze to drink! I love spending an afternoon here eating good and drinking my ass around from country to country! Hang out in Italy and drink wine. Party in Germany and drink beer - PROST! Grab a Sam Adams in America. Hit Britain for a proper pint! It goes on and on. The coolness factor is definitely raised once you hit the age to drink! France, Canada, Norway, China, Germany, USA, Japan, Morocco, United Kingdom, Mexico, and Italy are all here. The iconic giant silver golf ball called Spaceship Earth is the first thing you see entering the park and is still a ride to check out, though it is a slow moving one. Mission Space is one of my favs. The Land Pavilion actually has a fun boat ride in it and a good place to eat, along with the terrific Soarin' ride. Norway has the Maelstrom water ride. There actually is a lot to see and do at Epcot. Good thing my mom doesn't drink. When we were here recently I handed her the car keys upon entering and told her she was designated driver. No way I was driving back after spending half the day in Germany!
It was my first time to Epcot and I had heard that there was many cool things to do in each 'country'. We were rained out of Hollywood Studios and hopped to Epcot for dinner. I'm sure it may have been different if it wasn't pouring rain the entire time but we walked past Canada and London and tried to have dinner in Italy. We were turned away stating it was reservation only. We walked back to Japan and tried to have dinner at one of the steakhouses there. We were rudely told that it would take an hour minimum and handed a pager. I'm unsure if it's because we were soaking wet (it had been raining for hours outside) or why we were getting the cold treatment. We ended up being seated faster than we expected due to a table needing a party of 2 to fill out the table. I'm from Seattle where there are many Japanese steakhouses and the food wasn't too shabby and price wasn't too much more than what I pay back home ('non-tourists prices'). We had about an hour after dinner was done to stroll the park and ride any rides before it was shut down. We ended up checking out the Nemo ride which was the only one that seemed appealing. It was cute and since it was so late; we didn't have to wait in line at all. One feature I did like of the 'park' is that they have a area (inside) where they had multiple characters so you can bring your kids (or adults) and just go from character to character vs. chasing them down around the park or waiting in 45min lines. We had pics with Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Donald and Pluto. I'd have been happy to have one pic with them but we got all 5 in a row. We stayed for the firework show which was ok compared to the other parks. It was also distracting because Magic Kingdom's fireworks was in the background and much louder and bigger. I'd come here but there's not much to do in each 'country' but to eat.. so if you want to eat and/or drink your way around the 'countries' - it may be for you. I was a bit bored with it and only time I wanted to stop was to take a pic with a red phone booth in the UK.
I loved the world showcase! We spent most of the day there. Note, they do have boats in case you need to go across the way. The only reason I'm scoring only 4 stars is because the late night show was situated on the waterfront. So to get back to the parking lot is a long way. Lol. Plus, I wasn't as impressed as bring at magic kingdom. But then again, I'm a kid at heart!
Really only went to ride on TestTrack.  The amount of kids who were in the park made for long wait times at the exhibits and got old really quick.  Next time, I won't go during spring break.
Full Disclosure: I was in Orlando not because I have children and not because I wanted to visit Disney, but instead I was in Orlando for a work convention.  However, because we were staying at a Disney Resort, all of our visits to the parks were complimentary (on my company).  So, really, I should give a great review because I didn't have to drop a dime of my own money. But, I didn't really enjoy Epcot all that much.  I don't understand the desire for anyone to pay (or not to pay in my case) $92 to go to a theme park of any kind and then wait in lines for 45 minutes or more for rides that last from 2 minutes to 5 minutes.  Sure, some of the rides are interesting but I really just don't get it. Anyhow, here are the rides that I rode: (1) Soarin':  It's visually stimulating and somewhat interesting.  The visual projections on the screen are eerily life-like and the CGI deserves quite a lot of credit.  They also pump in the smell of the environment through which you are currently "soaring".  Downside, besides the ridiculous wait in line, is that you can simply glance a slight bit sideways and see all of the mechanics of the ride.  Secondly, the rode only lasts about 3 minutes a maximum. (2) Test Track:  I don't really know if any rollercoasters across this great world of ours go faster than the 64mph that you achieve on Test Track.  You are only going 64 for a few seconds, and it's fairly lame in my opinion.  The most interesting part of this ride was standing in the line, which was about a half hour, and looking at all of the GM car test dummies, doors, etc. and reading the placards. (3) Mission: SPACE; It is interesting from a learning perspective and visual stunning perspective.  However, the wait was again long and the actually riding part of the ride was pretty less than exhilirating.   Overall, I was unenthused about EPCOT.
Epcot needs a major upgrade.  Mostly these same stuff as 5 years ago.  Major rides shut down through out the day; same occurrences in other parks.  Disney has serious maintenance issues.  Cast members are very friendly until you bring an issue to their attention.  Over priced when you can't give them a 4 or 5.
EPCOT stands for Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow (or possibly City instead of Community, there was some debate in my family over that, and there even seemed to be some debate online when we fact checked with our smart phones!!!) And even though I am not a parent yet, I do kind of like "Every Parent Comes Out Tired" Nevertheless, EPCOT gets 4 starts for turning EDUCATION into FUN! (...well education has always been pretty fun for me, but I am a nerd, but EPCOT makes education fun for even non-nerds). AND WAIT EVEN BETTER, IF YOU DO NOT LIKE LEARNING THINGS WHILE TRYING TO HAVE FUN (and you are over 21) THEN YOU CAN ALWAYS GO DRINKING AROUND THE WORLD!!! Who doesn't love that. Warning: it has been known to make people sick (sorry to the poor lady in Norway who made this obviously clear to us, she must have had too many Mexican Margaritas, she didn't even make it halfway around the World!!!!) Also note, there is no beer in Canada, at least not at Epcot, there is plenty of good Canadian beer in real life though! I really like EPCOT. I like sampling the alcohol around the world and learning and getting to go on rides in between! One downside is that we came here right before Christmas and they were advertising Christmas around the World. There were some Christmas decorations, but nothing like the AMAZING Christmas decorations at the Magic Kingdom. It was a little bit of a let down that Christmas around the World did not meet our expectations. First thing we did when we arrived was learn a bit about Energy and the Universe from Ellen and Bill Nye. Next, we took off on a Space Mission. Kind of sad that Tom Hanks was not with us. Next we went on Chevy Test Track. Fast Passes have a downside, you cannot design your own vehicle. Then we went to Spaceship Earth. Walter Cronkite is gone, Judy Densch is his replacement. After Spaceship Earth, it was lunch time. We ate at the Sunshine Seasons. It was crowded, but there was a lot to choose from. We had a nice lunch. After lunch we picked up Fast Passes for Soarin' and then got a little Eco Tour on Livin' with the Land. We headed back outside and made our way toward the countries with a quick stop at Captain EO. Cheese at it's greatest! After Captian EO we toured the World and sampled some drinks. We did it reverse order from our traditional trip around the World and started with Canada. We did this because we had dinner reservations in Mexico. Fast-forward to dinner, we ate at La Hacienda de San Angel. It was a very nice time, and the food was top notch. We wondered if some of it came from the Livin' with the Land Greenhouse. After dinner, everyone was feeling very relaxed, maybe a bit too relaxed!!! We did have a decent amount of tequila and margaritas. We headed back to Soarin' and did some hang gliding. Then my grandparents headed back to the Condo and we made one last stop under the sea to try and find Nemo. Overall, we had a wonderful time being a little bit of kids and a little bit of grown ups, learning, drinking, and playing!!! EPCOT may be based on a 1970's view of the future, but it is an enjoyable future nonetheless. After Magic Kingdom, I highly advise that you visit EPCOT, it is a higher quality experience than Hollywood Studios or Animal Kingdom and definitely better than the Universal Parks. Plus, everyone needs a picture in front of Spaceship Earth!!!
Epcot is my favorite Disney Theme Park besides their water park Typhoon Lagoon. There are great rides, cool things to see, and fantastic food.  My husband and I LOVE going in the fall during the Food and Wine Festival...if you are in Orlando at this time of the year, definitely visit Epcot while you're there...in the countries of the world section of the park, each country during the Food and Wine Festival has a little kiosk with a food and wine/beer sample from that country.  It is SOOOOO much fun and super delicious.   We haven't been to Epcot in a few years but are definitely going this fall to the Festival and very much looking forward to it!
What really makes Epcot, in my opinion, is the World Showcase and the reason for why I will come back here again and again.  Where else can you go that allows you to have a margarita in Mexico, a bratwurst in Germany, delicious pasta in Italy and a pastry in France- all within a few hours??  I agree that this is definitely geared more towards adults as there aren't a lot of rides here.  The Test Track was fun and allowed for a little thrill during your stay.  I also enjoyed doing the Sum of All Thrills which is a robotic simulator "ride" that allows riders to design and build your own virtual roller coaster.  The park is very clean and well-kept and the employees are friendly and helpful.  The fireworks show at the end of the night was great.  I agree with others that when the park closes it is difficult to work your way through the crowds and get transportation- this is even during the slower season.
EPCOT IS SO FUN!  I love being able to hop around all the different buildings and experience/learn about the cultures around the world (I remember Norway and Mexico were my favorites)! Some of the best dining in the area is in EPCOT too!  I think this park is more catered to an older crowd, but there are several activities (and photo ops with mickey wearing a sombrero) for the kids too! If you only have time for one park, choose EPCOT!  A refreshing twist for an amusement park.
Woohoo! I'm going to Disney World! Thanks to the girlfriend being able to hook us up with some Park Hopper tickets, we visited a couple of Disney's theme parks over our extended Orlando weekend. 1st stop: EPCOT. EPCOT is more exhibitions than thrill rides, which gave me the impression that this Disney park is a little more for the grown-ups than the kids. Not that there's a lack of excitement. The very 1st thing the girlfriend & I did when we got in the park right after it opened in the morning was run to Soarin', then Test Track, then Mission: SPACE. Those rides were fun (Soarin'), fast (Test Track) & seriously motion sickness challenging (Mission: SPACE). With our heads & stomachs spinning, we settled into the more mellow sightseeing aspect of EPCOT. We checked out Spaceship Earth & Ellen's Energy Adventure which are more entertaining than exhilirating. With midday temperatures also Soarin', the girlfriend & I retreated to the air conditioned comfort of our nearby room. We returned in the evening to take a stroll around the World Showcase Lagoon & survey EPCOT's miniaturized reproduction international community. Mexico, Norway, China, Germany, Italy, the United States, Japan, Morocco, France, the United Kingdom & Canada all have sections that are amazingly capable of conveying the feeling of really being in that respective nation. Simply put, there's nothing else like it. A day at EPCOT is like seeing much of the entire world, past, present & future all in 1 place through the lens of Disney. It's fun, it's interesting & it's an experience absolutely worth doing.
You have got to be kidding me! First, claiming an International Flower and Gardening Show with nothing but Petunias, Snap Dragons, and Geraniums, and no gardening demo's!. I get more ideas and variety at my local seasonal garden shop put up at my food store! Second, for a park promoting technology, nothing has not changed in 8 years, and they removed the engineering exhibits from the Chevrolet speed exhibit. Now this exhibit it is all low maintenance electronic hype, claiming  you are going to a get a special car. Bull! The wear and tear on all exhibits are obvious. Also the fireworks at Epcot were bad, really bad!  Lastly, if you want to buy a nice shirt for people at the office, make sure they work, live, and born in China or Vietnam because those are the sizes. I spent over $100 on three polo shirts and I have to give them to kids down the block, not professionals. And, don't even think of going to the Disney Marketplace Store where, according to Epcot, the are the World's Largest. They have nothing. Off colored shirts with shadow, not show,  Micky / Minny on the shirts (cost reduction), and unbelievably for Disney, the quality is now garbage at $37.00 each. And don't even think of asking where you can get a Taxi from the Marketplace, no it is not near the buses but on the other side, and no one knows! In fact no one knows anything at the marketplace, once you do find them. Visited:04/04/14. Save your money and time. Stay away! It ain't the same and, hey Cramer, don't invest. The "beaners" have this company. Cheap, cheap, cheap.
On October 1, 1979 ground broke for the second Theme Park at Walt Disney World. Three years and $1.4 billion later, on October 1, 1982, Epcot Center opened at the Walt Disney World resort. The new Experimental Prototype City of Tomorrow was connected via monorail to the familiar Magic Kingdom theme park. It was Walt's Dream to have a self-contained city reside here... unfortunately he passed away before it could be built. The Walt Disney Company created a theme park which incorporated Walt's love for World's Fairs and the promise of the future! Epcot has come a long way since the early days. On October 1, 2007, Epcot celebrated it's 25Th Anniversary! Epcot is twice the size of the Magic Kingdom.  Epcot is made up of Future World and the World Showcase. Future World is where you can experience the past and future of technology advancements. World Showcase highlights the art, architecture and culture of the countries that surround the World Showcase Lagoon. ( Where you can view a Beautiful Fireworks display, nighty )!  Many folks do not know that the employees working in each country are actually from that Country! Most are students and here on a Visa. Some of the Best Restaurants in WDW can be found in Epcot.  My favorite being Le Cellier, Canada pavilion. There are 11 Country Pavilions; Canada, Germany, America, France, United Kingdom,  Mexico, Norway, China, Italy, Japan and Morocco. Future World is divided into different areas and the first one you see when entering Epcot is the infamous Spaceship Earth Pavilion.  Cool ride! Universe of Energy, Mission: SPACE Pavilion, Test Track Pavilion ( long lines for this ride )!, Innoventions: The Road to Tomorrow, The Seas with Nemo & Friends Pavilion, The Land Pavilion which has one of my very favorite "rides" in all of WDW and that would be "Soarin"., Imagination! Pavilion, Journey Into Imagination With Figment is cool! and Honey, I Shrunk The Audience" is cool, at least once.
EPCOT is hands down my favorite of the Disney parks.  The technology section is simply fascinating and provides games, displays and interactive features difficult to find anywhere else.  Of course the sponsorships play a role, but it is not obnoxious.  The World Showcase is where the real fun is for return visits.  While EPCOT is not thrill ride oriented by any means, being able to go and enjoy a meal in a different "country" and speak with people who are actually from there is a unique experience.  Getting a season pass as a Florida resident is a great deal if you live close by and can take advantage of the different dining options. Disney is a lot like Apple - far from the cheapest, but it is intuitive and everything just works.
Not the Epcot I remember.  I found the lack of fun rides more annoying, the bathrooms dirty, the service spotty.  It was like a very very large mall with overpriced food, drink and merchandise.  Save your time, energy and money for Magic Kingdom or Hollywood.
What can I say that hasn't been said before?  This is my fave Disney park in Orlando!!  So much to do, so much to see...  & we spent the shortest day here :( I love the World Showcase.  It has mini pavilions dedicated to different countries and they do a great job exhibiting the different cultures and cuisines.  My faves have got to be the France Pavilion, China Pavilion, and Japan Pavilion. The France Pavilion:  We had lunch at Chefs de France and it was wonderful, great food, wonderful service.  YUMM!!!  Then we headed over to Boulangerie Pâtisserie where you can smell the pastries even before you see the little store.  MMM We even got to take pics with Belle from Beauty and the Beast.  :D  She's my fave princess! The China Pavilion:  It was cool here because they had mini replicas of the Terra Cotta Warriors.  Amazing!!!  Plus, they have awesome replicas of the famous Chinese buildings. The Japan Pavilion:  They have this store that has a ton of Japanese toys and a WHOLE area dedicated to HELLO KITTY!!!  I was in heaven ;). The rides are awesome too!!  We went on Test Track (so much fun!), Mission:  SPACE which was like being an astronaut!, and Seas with Nemo (same as Disneyland's Nemo submarine). I can't wait to come back again & make sure to spend more time in the lands!!
In many ways this is the best park at Disney--it is not big on rides, but it has a lot else going for it:  best food options, best fireworks, best shopping (Mouse Works, Disney Traders, and all the country specific stores) AND best for live shows (Japanese Drummers, Chinese acrobats, concert areas, etc).   The world showcase shouldn't be missed--parents can get a taste of beers/wines from around the world, while kids go to kid stations and get their passport stamped.  Be sure to reserve at least a few days for EPCOT.  For the other parks, you can generally make a list of rides/attractions you like and knock them out.  For EPCOT, you will want more time to just linger and explore.
Epcot is a great Amusement Park. Soaring is an absolute must do!!! I was scared, my daughter LOVED it, and my husband also liked it. The big ball is also interesting! The race track is extremely fun. I really enjoy the countries.This was the one thing I definitely wanted to do. We visited a few countries. My favorite was Norway. Before coming here, my daughter did not know if she wanted to. We talked to her a little bit and she said yes. When walking out she said, "This was a lot of fun". We liked every bit of it!!!!!
Did you arrive to the park later than you expected? Don't have enough time to see all of the attractions? No problem. Here is a list of MUST SEES while you're here: {Attractions} 1. Mission: SPACE- This ride is available in 2 versions. One is more intense than the other. If you can handle exhilarating rides, don't bother trying the less intense version. The intense version has that "kick" you're looking for. 2. Test Track- Zooooom....Weeeeeeeeee... Faster Faster! 3. Ellen's Energy Adventure- There is a short movie clip with Ellen DeGeneres and then you move into another room where the ACTUAL ride is.   4. Spaceship Earth- Where else can you be transported through 40,000 years of history? 5. Living with the Land- This is a good ride to relax and cool down from the hot sun. If you're in a big hurry, just skip this. 6. Maelstrom- I don't know what it is about this ride that fascinates me. Maybe it's the darkness? Give it a whirl. Skip the 5 minute movie at the end of the ride. {My Fave Cheap Eats} 1. Boulangerie Patisserie- Everything at Disney is overpriced. They serve up "affordable" eclairs, quiches, sandwiches, etc. 2. Sommerfest- In the mood for a bratwurst and beer? Look no further. This is your place. 3. Tangierine Café- This is my ULTIMATE FAVORITE rest stop. After eating a weeks worth of burgers, hot dogs, pizza, and funnel cake. This is definitely a refreshing spin. They have plenty of Vegetarian options as well. Have Loads of Fun!
Now that I'm older I love checking out all the countries. They do an awesome job with all the Disney characters as bushes. lol Its also fun drinking yourself around the world, but not a fan of having to down my beer before leaving the park.
Future World is the best. You even get a personalized video of your "pretend" future conveniently emailed to you! This is a great spot to view the fireworks.
I wub Epcot!!!! My dad, my brother, and I landed on Mars with the help from Gary Sinise. We traveled through time with Judy Dench as the narrator. We got to see Nemo and his friends. We got to test drive a car from GM. We traveled to Mexico, Norway, China, Germany, Italy, Japan, Morocco, France, the UK, and Canada in one day. I forgave the annoying babies and children because the rides were worth the torture.
Of all the Disney parks, Epcot is definitely one of my favorites. Unlike the other parks, this one caters a bit more to adults. I love the International section of the park. You get to see street performers indicative of the country they are representing. The food is somewhat authentic as are the snacks sold in the concessions. They also have a fair amount of exhibits and rides for the kiddies. Like all of the Disney parks, be prepared to spend some serious coin. There are no bargains to be had here.
This my least favorite Disney park.
This was the first park we hit up when I came back in March.  I had a two-day park hopper and only one and a half days to pack in as much as I could.  So we got there around the time they opened on a Saturday, and it was pretty empty.  My friend and I had both been here before when we were younger, so we just wanted to do a quick walk around the park to refresh our memories. We checked out Future World first.  Got some pictures with at the Epcot Character Spot, found Nemo and his friends, and checked out Imagination! After that, we headed to the World Showcase to see all the countries.  All the countries were just the way I remembered from when I came back in high school.  If you can't travel the world, you can come here to see ten countries in one theme park! Since we came around springtime, they were having their Flower & Garden Festival.  There were topiaries of different Disney characters throughout the park.  Lots of good photo opportunities everywhere. We didn't have time to come back at night, so we missed the fireworks show.  Maybe I'll be back next year!
E very P erson C omes O ut T ired That's what a bus driver told us EPCOT stood for.  Yah he was right.. but it was an enjoyable tireness that has me coming back. Great restaurants (for theme park food!) and plenty of things to do.  I think I have more fun EATING here than I do playing. Coca Cola has a store here where you can taste beverages from all over the world... and its part of your admission.   Not much shade here, so take advantage of the AC during the hot days. Overall: A
This was my first time at Epcot. We decided to eat and drink our way through.  Our first stop was Mexico.  Decent Margs and chips and guacamole.  Next stop was Netherlands.  We had a shoot of some foul tasting liquor.  We also sampled 2 different kinds of sweets.  A round sweet bread with coconut and a potato bread roll up that was spread with butter and cinnamon and sugar.  I would bypass this country next time.  Next stop was China.  The food was really mediocre and tasted like it was processed.  The beer was cold and good.  Germany was crazy busy and it started to rain.  Of course the beer was tasty but the brats.  Yea, no, I was not a fan.  Italy was hands down our favorite country for food and drinks.  We made our way into the bar/restaurant and  ordered wine and cheese.  It was very good and we could relax and sit on a soft couch.  Next time I would bee line right to this country.  Then we went to America.  Whats not to like about America?  We got us a nice cold one with a pretzel.  It was all good.  Love the idea of Japan.  The sushi was supermarket grade but the beer, I love me some Japanese beer!  They also serve this beer with a crazy creamy head on top that happens when it is frozen.  Worth the try.  Morocco was interesting.  I did not care for their version of sangria but the food was tasty.  The pastry in France OMG!!  Eat one of every thing!  Don't forget the champagne.  Belly up to the bar in the UK for some beer and Fish and Chips.  YUM!  Another fun place with a piano bar and a fun crowd.  BTW, the gal who plays the piano has to be in her 70's- good for her!  I HATED the cocktail we got in Canada.  It was a premixed cosmo type thing but it was warm!  Non of us could stomach it at this point cause we had just drank and eaten our way through Epicot!
If you are a couple with or without a baby around 12 months (give or take), this is the perfect place to eat, drink, and be merry. If you didn't know it already, the Magic Kingdom is DRY. Thank goodness Epcot is not. There's only so much fluffy-princess-koolaide-drinking-fun one can handle with happy-dramatic screaming children crammed in every corner. It will take you a full day to visit every country properly and enjoy the ethnic experience complete with diverse foods, drinks (alcoholic or not), and rides that do not typically require seat belts. Specifically, I loved the Norwegian and Mexican boat rides. The best ride was the one located in the Epcot Globe. It takes you through our accomplishments as humans and what our lives will look like in the future. I was mega-impressed with how real the moving statues were; so much so, it was on the verge of scary. The right side of the park has an entire tribute to Finding Nemo where you can take an interactive ride and even talk with the "Turtle Dude", Crush. The children ask him questions and he responds. It's really quite incredible and entertaining for parents alike. The fireworks show at the end of the evening really tops-off the whole experience. It takes place in the middle of the water and they use hydropower water jets and expensive lighting. It reminds me of the Bellagio in Vegas, but even better. A quick side note: stop at any of the DOLE stands and get a pineapple soft-serve and pineapple-juice float. I will be craving that for years to come. Incidentally, it's dairy free. YAY!
Yelp 31 Day Challenge Review 13/31 HC and I ended up spending a day and a half at this park.  The park is split into two sections: Future World and World Showcase. Future World consists of lots of interactive activities and a few rides that focus on our past, present, and future.  The ride I really liked was the one inside of the "golf ball" (HC called it that), Spaceship Earth.  It was really cute at the end because it took our pictures (which they had snapped in the beginning) and put our faces in a cartoon of what our future would look like.  I also liked Ellen's Energy Adventure.  Great way to unwind after a long day.  HC loved the Mission Space ride.  He actually rode it without me the second time.  I thought it was okay, but I was afraid I'd get sick the second time around.  The Seas with Nemo and Friends was an excellent attraction as well and I really enjoyed looking at the different types of marine life after riding the Nemo ride. I would have liked World Showcase more if it wasn't so hot that day!  Well, I shouldn't complain since the weather is probably way worse during the summer.  The Food and Wine Festival was going on at the time we were there.  Lots of different types of food, but we ended up not trying anything!  We did ride the ride in Mexico and in Norway and watched the film about China.  We didn't do much else but look at the different landmarks and take photos with the PhotoPass photographers.   Overal, HC said that if we were to return in the future, he'd skip this park, but I wouldn't mind going back again to spend a little more time in the World Showcase.
its ok.. the only thing i like about this park is the renovation test track, which is awesome!!!! we like nemo, figmint, spaceship earth, meet and great with all the characters. other than that its ehhh.
I remember hearing about Epcot when I was a kid.  I was fascinated with the thought of Disney building a park where people could experience a taste of many countries in one day. I was 30 and had my first Florida vacation scheduled.  The complication was that I was only going to have one day to visit WDW.  Considering there are 4 theme parks, 2 water parks and a Downtown Disney, some may have difficulty deciding what to do with that day. Not Me. I wanted to see Epcot.  It did not disappoint.  We recently made the full scale trip to WDW and even though we had been to Epcot once before, we re-visited this park 4 or 5 times. My youngest was fascinated with the world showcase.  Particularly Japan, in fact she said "Japan" so many times, my teenager threatened bodily harm to her if she so much as uttered one more "Ja". They have a boat ride/in-door restaurant in the Mexico pavilion that I didn't even know existed.  It's reminiscent of POTC & Blue Bayou in Disneyland. You'll find it difficult not to snap a thousand pictures as you meander through the different lands.  If it's warm, treat yourself to a grey goose slushy in Russia and Beirgarten in Germany is a dining experience not to be missed. The Living Land & Seas areas easily have enough to see & do, to fill an entire day.  Turtle talk with Crush was incredible.  My daughter's kept asking, "How do they do that?"  As if I'm supposed to know! :P The above alone warrants a theme park, then they went and added Mission Space & Test Track.  Test Track is a thrill ride that everyone in the family will love. Mission Space is beyond cool.  Have you ever wanted to be launched into space?  Go on a mission to mars?  Feel forces up to 2.4 G's?  I heard a lady handing fast passes over to a couple and they asked if it was for the green or orange side.  She replied, "I don't know but the orange side made me vomit". :P My whole family rode it and loved it. Love you Epcot!
Meh.  Not impressed.  Maybe I just don't get it, but I don't think this place is worth the price of admission.  Maybe it should be around $35. I can buy overpriced products from all over the world from the comfort of my own home.
I love EPCOT and not just because it's Disney's biggest park but because there's something for everybody here.  As I grew older I started to appreciate the aesthetics of Disney more than the rides.  I love seeing the big EPCOT ball which is home to an update version of Spaceship Earth.  It's definitely worth checking out.  There are educational attractions such as the Land and Ellen's Universe of Energy but also thrill rides such as Mission:Space and Test Track.  The World Showcase is my favorite because you can just stroll around and take it easy taking in all the sights from the different countries.  Each country has unique food and drinks as a tribute to that country.  The architecture and outdoor shows matches the country too.  There are some attractions within each country.  For instance, El Rio Del Tiempo in Mexico or my favorite: Maelstrom in Norway.  Take your time.  EPCOT may take up to two days to appreciate fully.
Although some people may find it boring, Epcot was one of my favorite Disney Parks. We got there too late in the morning to Fast Pass "Soarin'" at a reasonable hour. That was a disapointment. But such is traveling w/ 10 people. You win some, you snooze some. The whole family enjoyed the Nemo Ride! And it was nice and cool inside. The best part was Turtle Talk with Crush, afterward. This interactive 10 minute show has kids sitting on the floor in front of a screen that features Crush and Dory from Finding Nemo, and it's totally adorable to hear kids ask Crush questions, and he responds, pokes fun, and gets the crowd involved. Michael Jackson's "Captain EO" is currently playing, and there was never a line. You enter a waiting area where there are small TV screens, and stand through a "Making of Captain EO", where you see George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola and a bunch of stage hands and spandexed dancers from the 80's putting their heart and soul into this 1986- 20 minute film. The film itself, is 4D, with water spray, seats shaking, etc. Anjelica Huston plays an evil witch, straight out of an HH Geiger painting, and MJ talks with goofy space animals, moonwalks, and sings until the bad guys all turn into 80's dancers for the final number. Killer bass grooves on that one, this is totally worth it for the camp value, and the one big song. Also worth it, is a slow stroll through all the International countries. We: -ate Nachos in Mexico -visited the market in Mexico, which is darkened as if it were night! -saw a mime in Italy, that was actually a lot of fun -enjoyed the tranquility of the Japanese gardens -after enjoying the drummers of Japan -put on a fez in Morrocco -walked through Western Canada, eh And the kids did the Phineas & Ferb scavenger hunt through China with a cell phone transponder. You can sign up at any of the P&F stations, and choose the country. We learned a lot about China, and the transponder opens statues, and makes things move when you find the clue. It took about 45 minutes, and wasn't easy breezy, but it was unique and I recommend it highly if you have tweens. We didn't beer it up here, but I love that each country has their own beers and drinks, and France even had a wine and champagne cart! Chouette! What's not to love about Epcot, fools?!
Epcot never disappoints, it's definitely my favorite Disney park. The Food & Wine festival was not as full as I expected and we were able to enjoy ourselves despite the blazing sun!
where else can you explore the world in a day? unfortunately - i wish i could've explored elsewhere for food! amusement park cuisine isn't exactly the greatest. went to 'yakitori house' in the japan pavilion, and well... it's just your typical below par/americanized restaurant. the terriyaki chicken was tough, and the sushi was just ok. but the kirin beer was...oishi desu! ;)
I heart me some epcot! I would say this is my favorite Disney park but I would say that about every park for some certain reasons.  However, if I am looking for an extremely chill Disney experience, this is the spot. I have to admit, I have not paid to get into a Disney park in about 10 years.  I used to work there and now I have tons of friends that work there so I can't compare what it is worth if you are paying.  However, I know they have a late night pass that is less if you go in after a certain time and I hear that is a good deal. I am on the same page as Nathan R, when I was younger, wasn't a huge fan of this park, now I love it!! This is the spot to go when you want to walk around, check out some chill rides, like the epcot ball =) and of course grab some amazing food and drinks.  What is NOT to be missed is the fireworks of course and the annual Food and WIne festival.  The shopping is dope as well, def worth walking around all the cool shops. So, chill rides, delicious food, yummy drinks and cool shows this is your spot.  If you want a buddy, give me a call... I never turn down an opp to hit up Epcot!
Adult theme park at its best! This is my favorite park to go to every time we are down here! It is easy to waste an entire day exploring this place.
this is my favorite Disney park!  the food is good, it's fun to walk around in all the different countries, and it's educational.  i love looking for bunnies while drinking tea in the tea garden, eating school bread in Norway, and shopping in Paris and Japan.  the food here is the best.  the cast members (employees) that work in each country are actually FROM THAT COUNTRY.  awesome.  they also have a wonderful green house / hydroponic attraction that's informative and a Coca Cola drink tasting area, too.  the kids will like the Finding Nemo exhibit.  i love this place.  can't wait to visit again!
I've been to Epcot over 400 times.  Ridiculous I know.  I used to buy my season pass and come here for dinner nightly.   Alcohol is available in the international pavilion.  Its almost a right of passage when you turn 21 to gather up your buddies and go 'drinking around the world'.  I've gone on countless trips with friends getting one drink in every country as many times as possible til someone falls down.  *not me*.   New healthy options at The Land, and the french fry mcdonalds pavilion is gone.   Canada- Le Cellier is a steakhouse, always booked but nothing special UK- Fish and Chips France- the movie is long and great to sleep in the summer, fantastic soundtrack (panoramic).  2 restaurants, a crepe stand and a patisserie (same selection on both sides).   I skip Morocco but like seeing Aladdin and Jasmine. Japan- Yakatori, kakagori, saki bar, hello kitty, Teppan-yaki style restaurant, sushi, udon. USA- Musical stage, presidents, funnel cakes and you can buy stamps here Germany- Carmel store, beer, goldschlager, german buffet China- is under construction as of 01/11     Norway-  A ride, trolls, snacks, great fragrance called "Laila" Mexico - great new restaurant, and the ride is like a mini mexican small world.  Tequila everywhere...  EVERYWHERE. RIDES: Energy with Ellen is a wonky new twist on a very old ride. Test track is a blatant homage to GM :) Mission to Mars can kill you.  (i saw it on CNN) but they offer a non G force version if you have a heart condition.  They have really toned it down since people started passing out though.  Its not as intense as it once was. Norway has a cool ride with trolls, and a little surprise 'wheee!"   New additions to Spaceship Earth, the line is looooong. Test drive a segway in innovations BEST ADVICE EVER: if you buy an ice cream, let it melt for at least 5 minutes, or you'll get your tongue stuck to it and have to go to health services to get it removed.  Wait.
I love going to Epcot I always have a great time! The Eat to the beat is fun, I went to see the Go Go's and wow BLAST to the PAST!!!!
If I could just write one review for anything WDW, the whole EPCOT park and all of the attractions inside deserves it.  This by far the coolest place in the entire world, period--it'sTHE playground for adults.  Start by entering through the gates and marveling at the glory that is Spaceship Earth, and keep on walking (ride it later in the day).  Enter the concourse that's behind it and at your two o'clock is Coca Cola's Club Cool.  Make this your first stop for complimentary cool sips of Coke's international beverages (no matter what people tell you have at least one sip of Italy's Beverly just to say you tried it--you'll be a stronger person for it).  Spend at least ten minutes sipping all the sweet deliciousness, then go back out and look for the "wet spot" on the pavement in front of the Fountain of Nations that's right outside.  Then stand there and wait for the "show" to start (it's about 7 minutes long every 15 minutes).  At the crescendo there will be a gigantic spray of mist that on a hot day will be the sweet spot of your whole day.  Anything else you do will just be icing on the cake.  Other highlights include the Karamelle Kuche shop in Germany, Mariachi Cobre in Mexico, and Mitsukoshi and Miyuki in Japan.  Mission Space, Test Track, Soarin and Living with the Land are must-do rides.  And if you have a second day, do the Epcot Film Festival in World Showcase (France, China, Norway, Canada).  And then there's the Food and Wine Festival in October...ok I give--I'll be there in three days, and I'm so excited!!!
It feels almost redundant to review a place like this, especially since it is a well known fact that Disney is top notch in every endeavor they overtake. However, an experience like this needs to be shared. To that effect and with the purpose of making this a productive exercise, follow me.... Imagine a place where you can on any given day: interact with different nationalities, visit their pavilions and get up close and personal with their culture. Not only through their wonderful displays and example of their heritage, but through actual human interaction, speak their language, hear their wonderful stories, smell and taste the most wonderful samples of their culinary history. Additionally you can enjoy top notch live performances from bands representing countries and folk from all continents... there is nothing like live music to appreciate and understand a culture. Add to this journey, the opportunity to learn, create, observe and experience what our future is shaping up to be and it can easily be one of your best days ever. Finally, throw in good company and a cold beer and it simply doesn't get any better than that. And this; all happens in Epcot !
Aside from taking an extremely unnecessary hour to even get in the joint because their ticketing policies are infuriatingly antiquated since improving them wouldn't help the bottom line, our time here wasn't awful.
Just a completely sweet theme park.  This is the thinking man's theme park.  While there are thrills to be found, this park is more about human achievement and future rather than fantasy or cheap thrills.  Prepare to be mentally challenged in a good way.
Many years ago, before many of you Yelpers were born, my family and I left our house in August at 6:00 AM and DROVE here.  By the time of our first stop in Elko, NV, I was a basket case.  I lost all hope of sanity by the time we hit Kansas three days later.  While we saw a lot on this 9000 mile trip (200 miles of it was backtracking to the hotel when my dad was looking for his glasses, which he thought was left at the hotel, but were in his suitcase.  But that's another story.) EPCOT is an acronym for E(very) P(erson) C(omes) O(ut) T(ired).  You should plan on at least a week to see everything.  You will wait in lines to get in line to line up to "ride" the attraction in a line.  The attractions are like conveyor belts, taking you around animatronics like only Walt Disney can.  There are fewer attractions than most Disney parks, but it's more entertaining.  I remember a character named "Figment", who encouraged you to used your imagination, hence Figment of Your Imagination. You may visit many other "countries" as well.  Each area is designed to look like a specific country, such as Mexico, China, Japan, Italy and many others. It is hot and humid, but it's Orlando.  My step brother and I got drenched by laying underneath these fountains that throw a large stream of water from one side of the paths to another. Any family should try to see this amusement park at least once in your lifetime.  While I will NOT drive there again, I look forward to going back, now that I am older and can appreciate it more.
I love this park--it is probably my 2nd favorite WDW park.  The World Showcase is awesome.  Now for some, who have to have the real thing, this will never cut it.  However, for me, the taste of each country was just enough.  Disney pours on the magic and total recreates several countries.  When you are in one of the countries, there is absolutely nothing to indicate that you are not really in the country.  It's incredible. The reason for not giving a 5 star rating is that, when I visit any type of amusement park, great rides is what I'm there for.  In this department, Epcot is lacking.  There are a couple of decent rides that are a little thrilling, but you will wait a long time because there are not enough rides at this park to spread out the ride warriors. Great park though... I hope to return again and again.
I always look forward to the Epcot Food and Wine festival I like to try new and exciting things from different cultures and have spent many evenings strolling around the world show case enjoying the company and multiple food delights however this year I was a little disappointed hence the three star rating. I understand that inflation is inevitable I work in a business where prices are continually on the rise but when you are paying so much to enter the park to then be hit with increases such as $4 for a cup (which is at the most maybe a tablespoon of soup) its just outrageous. As I stated before I except inflation but if I'm paying more at least give me a little more.. The Canadian soup is one of the main reasons I go each year and because of the massive price increase it wasn't as enjoyable as it used to be especially when you can get a lettuce wrap with pork and kimchi slaw for $3.25 a much better bang for your buck. I will probably give next year a miss as the food remains the same except for one or two new booths and its just way too expensive. If only they would change up the menus and keep the prices more reasonable it would be more of a doable attraction for regular locals. It's an easy $200 day out and that's if you go alone!! Sorry I have bills to pay.
This place is a solid 4.3 for adults, kids, and everyone in between (me!). The World showcase is still great and you can get a different kind of beer in each country. Some countries, such as France and Morocco, offer a number of options for Champers. My only question, why does the America showcase smell like a Wisconsin Country Fair? Lots of unrefrigerated cheese smells that I wasn't a major fan of. Other than that, it's super cool to meet all the people who came all the way from their native land to work at the Diz. PS- The Japanese girls are too hot for words (I had to keep a close eye on my BF and his burgeoning Asian fetish), the German boys were perfect gentleman and the women were well endowed, and the French boys are sssmokin'... ooh la la. The living seas are cool, lots more animals than I remember and Turtle Talk with Crush was a big hit with the kiddos. The Earth was meh, not much to see and the ride where you tour the facility was closed really early on both days that we went. Soarin' California is great though. They changed the Figment ride, and not for the better. It just wasn't as fun as it once was... but Figment is still the shiz.. The signature Epcot ride (in the crazy golf ball) is really cool. It's a little more interactive now and you can get your photo taken and email it to yourself in the post-ride workshop. So.Very.Cool!
call me a bore. Epcot was supposed to be an ever-evolving city..an overly-ambitious vision Walt Disney had and quite possibly could of acheived if it wasn't for those cigarettes. The park in itself is a homage to Walt's vision..a posthumous gift from his Imagineers at WED Enterprises.  Future world was an exclamation point when it originally opened up. It featured innovative ideas not just in ride design, but in construction, lighting, and theme. It was all about the future!   That whole idea died when Disney decided to change direction when they closed down the world of motion and horizons.  Since the demise of those two rides..Epcot has been a park without a theme. it's not about the future but rather...what can we put inside this building to make people come?  ooh Nemo!  ooh Soarin!  ooh Ellen!!(OMG Ellen???) I hope Disney hires smarter 'imagineers' than lame-o's Joe Rhode and his staff of hacks that cannot produce an original idea that can last for generations like their fore-fathers before them. Other than that..the park is beautiful. The most beautiful park in Disney World. With lots of beautiful gardens, the world showcase's 1/4-1/2 scale models of landmarks, and that geosphere helps soothe the mind. Makes the rather long stroll around a lot easier on the feet. tip:  if you plan on having dinner and don't mind missing the fireworks show...reserve somewhere in the showcase at 8:30 the night you go..enjoy your dinner..then have a nice stroll in a relatively empty park on your way out..it's a very nice experience for those who hate crowds.
I really enjoyed this park. The park is definitely more geared toward the adults compared to the other parks. It also does not have many "thrill" rides but, I have to say I could have spent all day on "soarin" gliding in the air watching the movie, smelling all the smells and enjoying the explosion of your senses. Make sure you get a fast pass! I also enjoyed the test track, space ride and the ride that shows you all the produce grown for the restaurants in the park. I was a bit disappointed by the World Showcase. It was very beautiful to walk through but, the food was more like a cafeteria style representation of different ethnic foods. For instance eating in China was like the Panda Express. I had assumed I would be trying all these unique foods but, what I found was coming from Chicago, I had better options at home. That being said, the food quality compared to the other parks is much better for quick service and snacks.  Other than that, I really enjoyed walking around the world showcase. It is very beautiful and a great place to walk and enjoy some cocktails. Overall, I think it was my personal favorite of the parks but, kids would enjoy the other parks more.
If I could give this park more than five stars, I totally would! We visited EPCOT about 3 times during our week stay, just because you couldn't see everything in one day! FUTURE WORLD: The rides here are very fun, especially MISSION SPACE and Test Track.  EPCOT is very educational, showing both adults and children how it is to 'Live Off the Land" by engaging in this fun ride!   Spaceship Earth is, yes, a little slow but an EPCOT original so obviously you have to ride it Innovations was really neat too, and allowed kids to play in the AIR CONDITIONED building!  That's always a plus! Because there is not much shade in this park, take advantage of all rides and exhibits that gets you out of the hot Florida sun. Club Cool was very interesting and at times disgusting! =)  I would have never seen this place had I not read the WDW touring guides.  There are about 8 or so different sodas, each from a different country that is very popular in that country.  Some are really good, and some...not so good.  A definite must! WORLD SHOWCASE: I couldn't get enough of this place!!!  I believe that they resembled all of the countries perfectly!  I especially loved that they put foreign exchange students in their respective countries, so that if you did have any questions about the country, you would get reliable information! Every country took us about an hour or so to browse through all the shops, movies, and engage in conversations.   Have a drink in every country: Go to Italy and have a nice glass of wine, China has great tea with or without alcohol, France makes smoothies with grey goose, grab a beer in Germany, a warm or cold sake in Japan,  a margarita in Mexico, and another beer at the United Kingdom.  It makes the experience way more worth while! And make sure at night you check out IllumiNations at night!  It so pretty and you can can pretty much see it from every spot throughout the World Showcase. EPCOT is Incredible!
I used to love this place when I was a kid.... but honestly they need to update.... the future portion of spaceship earth kinda looks like well the late 90's. 3 may be a little harsh... You can easily do this park in 1 day... Knock down soarin and test track and the rest of the lines aren't bad.... save mission space for a time not around any meals cause it a centrifugal ride so you can get pretty nauseated By the way maybe they should consider adding to the country's sampled (mexico, canada, britain, italy, china, japan, france...)   No matter what  I guess it's still the happiest place on earth.
I have to say when Epcot first opened it was my absolute favorite park. I always considered this the most "grown up" of the four parks at Disneyworld. There is something astoundingly festive about skipping from country to country seeing different traditions and cultures all in one day.  Much like the other parks, Epcot has their own unique end of the night spectacular.  For the pin trader beneath Spaceship Earth (the big silver globe) there are usually traders with books and book of Disney's cleaver merchandising product. There is a ton of other things to do while at Epcot, including but not limited to a journey into The Living Seas, a ride on the Test Track, a hang glide ride on Soar-In, a journey into the Imagination or of course the ride through human history on Space Ship Earth. Dining at Epcot is generally considered to be great, although the Resorts, particularly Animal Kingdom Resorts, give it a run for it's money.  Another fun thing to do while at Epcot is exploring the new and neat technology in Innovations near the front of the park. I see kids having a great time here. This is a place you want to bring your little Einstein to explore their imagination and give them some ideas to see the rest of the world through a new perspective while playing with some really cool inventions. There are a couple prime times of the year to come here to be on the look out for: Food and Wine Festival in the Fall and the Spring Flower Festival. Thanks for reading and enjoy Epcot.
This is my favorite area of Epcot. It is just so fun to walk from world to world and learn about the various countries they have represented. They have a lot of information and the shops are filled with product from whatever country you are in. Also, the people working in each world are actually from that country, and they are so fun to talk to!! This is a must do when visiting Walt Disney World!
This park is a must go to.  First you go in and see the giant ball as everyone notices first.  The park is huge and however it may not be the largest overall area but the walking route is very long.  If you have a chance to get fast passes for the rides early then do it because they will be out and the lines will be extremely long.  The test track ride is awesome and so is Mission Space.  I like Epcot because they have different countries that you walk through and some of those have activities and others have dining places.  If you go to Japan you can eat a great place there called Tippen Edo.  They have a bakery in the Norway Area you need to try.  Also they have a great fireworks and laser show at night you need to watch.
My two boys (5 and 11) and I recently went to Florida for a day at Epcot, universal (Harry Potter world) and a Disney cruise.  We are from California and have done Disneyland dozens of times so decided to skip Magic Kingdom.  We are glad we did.  Epcot was wonderful, very different from Disneyland but with the same attention to detail.  Test Track was definitely the favorite ride, and put Radiator Springs Racers in Disneyland to shame.  Wish we had rode it at night.   The World Showcase was fantastic....especially with the Agent P detective phone-thingy.  They have booths for them in a variety of places in world showcase and I highly recommend it if you have kids.  The kids get missions in the different countries to complete and the phones trigger different scenes in the different areas.  This was actually the highlight of our day and my boys and I both agree Epcot was our second favorite part of the trip, just behind Disney Cruise (which can't be beat in my opinion).  It is different from Magic Kingdom and Disneyland....but it is great.
I loved Epcot!  We spent the whole day here after the Walt Disney World Marathon, but you would really need two days to see everything since it's really two parks in one. We started off inside the big Epcot ball on the Project Tomorrow ride.  Be sure to smile (or not) when they take your picture at the beginning of the ride for a funny surprise at the end.  BF had a scowl on his face since he didn't know they were taking a picture, and that ended up being really funny.  I don't want to give away the surprise, but if you like the Jetsons, you'll really enjoy the show you see on your individual screen inside your car. Next we went on Ellen's Energy Adventure.  This is a 45 minute show featuring Ellen DeGeneres, Bill Nye the Science Guy, Jamie Lee Curtis, and Alex Trebek and a Jeopardy! dream sequence.  Very funny! For more thrilling rides, check out Mission:SPACE (either the tamer green or motion-sickness inducing orange), Test Track ("board a GM vehicle on the longest, fastest attraction in Disney history!"), or Soarin (a hang gliding ride over California). We also went on the very mild adventures of The Seas with Nemo & Friends, which also features an aquarium, and Living with the Land, which you'll really enjoy if you like to grow fruits and vegetables. After leaving Future World, we headed over to World Showcase.  We had a reservation at Restaurant Marrakesh, so we really only had about a half hour to look around the nations of Mexico, Norway, China, Germany, Italy, USA, Japan, Morocco, France, United Kingdom, and Canada.  Like I said, I could have used another day here, or at least half a day. After dinner we watched the awesome fireworks show they have every night in World Showcase called IllumiNations: Reflections of Earth.  This is not to be missed!
Epcot can be done in a day by 2 adults without fastpass if you're efficient and go when it opens until the closing fireworks. Test Track is probably the longest line, so head here first and come back to the Spaceship Earth near the end of the day when you're tired and need to sit down and cool off. Soarin would have been more interesting if they said where you were for each of the scenery changes. Mission Space is a G force simulator so it can get you a little woozy--not a ride for after eating. I liked the Living with the Land tour, showcasing greenhouse research and mickey mouse shaped vegetables. It's best to spend most of the day at the World Showcase. The food vendors aren't spectacular but the country stores really do sell the good stuff from around the world, and hiring people who came from the various countries is really a nice touch. So yes, the park is showing some age, but still entertaining for a day nonetheless.
best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Apparently Epcot is popular with Yelpers as it has more reviews than any of the other Disney Theme Parks including Magic Kingdom!  What's not to love really?  Epcot (Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow) is Disney for adults and another idealized vision of the future in the world according to Walt.  We came here over Thanksgiving weekend in 2007, so on our recent visit in September 2010, I thought we'd either skip it this time around or just go for dinner at one of the sit-down restaurants.  It turned out that there weren't going to be any fireworks at Magic Kingdom on the Disney day of our vacation so we opted for a dinner at Morocco (excellent) and then the laser light show with fireworks (breathtaking) at Epcot.   On our trip in 2007, the park was quite crowded on the Friday after Thanksgiving.  We drove and parked in the parking lot and bought our tickets right at the gate.  On our recent trip, we park hopped from the Magic Kingdom to the Animal Kingdom and then bused back to the transportation center and boarded the monorail to Epcot.  Riding the monorail is a total kick in its own right.  Taking it to Epcot just seems so appropriately futuristic and the planners capitalized on this effect because the track goes into the park by Spaceship Earth and other attractions before you disembark, building anticipation for the attractions and lay of the land.   We were early for our 7:30 dinner at Morocco (reviewed separately) so we hopped right onto Spaceship Earth (Epcot's iconic dome), once again to be dazzled by this type of ride that Disney does so well where you sit in a car and move slowly by and through exhibits showing other places and times with animatronic figures.  (Other standouts of this type include Peter Pan's Ride, the Haunted Mansion and even Pirates of the Caribbean), all of which are also supremely popular.   After the ride, we also had fun in the arcade of the future before heading back into the park and posing for photopass pictures with Spaceship Earth in the background as the sun was setting.  These turned out to be one of our best pictures of the day, which I had made into a Christmas ornament. A day at Disney has to end with fireworks and the Illuminations extravaganza does not disappoint.  With its theme of the world and its people, the show fits right in at the lake in the midst of all the nation's pavilions.  Illuminations was a fitting way to end our whirlwhind day at three of the four theme parks and Epcot is the one park I will always try to squeeze in on future visits.
I absolutely adore Epcot. I've been to disney about seven times and throughout the years it has always remain my favorite. Even now at the age of 19. The last time I went to disney world (August 2008). I went to Epcot about six times (I'm pretty sure the cast was sick of seeing me, lol).  That's how much I love it. If your going to Epcot you must see Illuminations. It's so beautiful and I believe that it's sends an important message to children. The best pavillions are Japan, Norway, and Mexico. In Mexico it looks like night time inside and it has a ride that's pretty funny. Norway has a ride too, but the line is usually long (though it moves really fast).  Japan is just awesome. It has so many unique stuff in it AND you can try on the kimonos. My only problem with my beloved Epcot (and the reason why I'm docking one star) is because they did a horrible job of maintaining the dolphin tank. The water was brown and the glass was dirty. The worst part was that the dolphin looked so desperate to get out of there. It was really a let down and extremely disappointing. All the other fish tanks were maintained well though. Maybe I went there right before they were going to clean the dolphin tank?
Drove over on a Saturday morning for the day.  I had set up the one day Floridian pass and added the hopper in case we wanted to head to one of the other resort areas late afternoon or in the evening.  I checked the schedule the night before and saw that they opened on that Saturday at 8am on their calendar.  I remember this because the rest of the month (November) it showed them opening up at 9am.  We arrive at 7:50 am in the morning at the Will Call for our tickets only to be told we're an hour early unless we had paid a special fee to get in early....  We waited an hour.  Got into at 8:45 actually, did a number of the rides and walked around the technology and innovation areas and headed over to the World Showcase area (countries, beer, wine, rides and shopping around the lake), only to be told that part of the park won't be open until 11am.  We hadn't been to the park for the past 10 years and most of our visits were back in the 80's when our kids were young, so this seemed to be something new.  Anyway, we walked around the lake, did the Norwegian ride, sampled the German wurst and beer and wine, bought a few items, and ended up at the Rose and Crown pub sitting on their veranda overlooking the lake with two pints of Bass Ale.  The temp was around 72 degrees.  It turned out to be a great day.
Coming back to EPCOT always feels like coming home.  I don't know why, but its true.  Even our daughters agree, its their favorite Disney park.   We have been for the International Food and Wine Festival two years in a row, and for the International Flower and Garden Festival aside from enjoying the park in Christmas.  A must see! Little piece of trivia in the World Showcase:  Each country actually pays for and maintains/updates their plaza and rides.  Maybe that is why Norway is soooo outdated, but its still fun and kitch!  Also that is the reason some have no rides at all, just a movie. The countries are fun to wander around but especially when a festival is going on.  The food isn't limited to the countries they have at EPCOT in the food and wine festival, so there are some gems that are to die for (I was however highly disappointed in Austrias Sacher Torte - the apricot jello in the middle of the torte was disrespectful to the actual art of the tart jam that the Hotel Sacher puts in their dessert.  I have yet to find anything that comes even close in the USA and was hoping that at Disney they would have replicated it.  Shame on you). This year we came back - twice - for the Tacos de Cochinita Pibil at Mexico.  Oh. My. God. The Boulangerie Patisserie at France is a MUST.  Do NOT miss it, the pastries are the best I have ever had.  Yes, even better than in Paris or Vienna. The park is breathtaking in the Garden Festival, keep your eyes peeled in England for the teacup planters with tea plants in them.  So cute. As for the Land, Future World, Imagination, etc.  Disney has always focused on having something for everyone.   Spaceship earth has been updated and is quite fun, Soarin' is a nice ride for everyone, but the test track was a huge disappointment.  Its great if you have kids, I guess but a car taking a curve at 60MPH?  Meh..  If you want some thrills check out Mission Space.  Green mission for the faint of heart or Orange for those of you who like a good thrill!!   After a few years of not going we went back to Imagination with Figment.  It had originally been really creepy but we LOVED it because of that and the song that kept on playing over and over..  I had mixed feelings when I realized they had updated it!  Where was the creepy leprichaun?  Where is that song that will drive you crazy for years to come when it becomes wedged in your subconcious only to play over and over in your brain at the most inopportune moments?????  Luckily right when I was ready to hit a low in disappointment at the end they saved some of the Figments from the old ride and played the song!  Yay, thank you for keeping that from all of us who grew up with the old ride. I could go on and on about how amazing EPCOT is, but I won't - you will have to experience it for yourself.
Epcot is the most beautiful of the Disney theme parks.  The space is immaculately landscaped, and the scenery is breathtaking.  There is a lot of walking involved with this theme park, so be prepared.  I love visiting the World Showcase at night.  There are tons of restaurants and shopping.  Try to see Off Kilter, the band in the Canada pavilion.  For shopping, visit Enoteca Castello in the Italy pavilion for wines, olive oil, cookbooks, and wine toppers.  The Mexico pavilion is also a great shopping place.  The Queen's Table in the United Kingdom pavilion is great for perfumes and lotions.  Try the Maelstrom ride in the Norway pavilion - there's a backwards drop!  IllumiNations is a great nighttime show with amazing fireworks. Future World provides some wonderful and unique attractions, such as Soarin' and Test Track, but they do need some new attractions.  A lot of attractions have closed or are outdated, such as the Universe of Energy.  The Body Wars pavilion has been closed for years now.  Spaceship Earth is a really fun ride, and you get to travel inside the big golf ball :)  Living with the Land is a great ride through a greenhouse.  Soarin' is without a doubt my favorite Disney ride -- it's so unique and exhilarating to dangle your feet in the air and soar through California.  You really feel like you're there.  Sit in the front row if possible for the best view. Definitely worth a visit.
Epcot is really two parks that have little to do with each other. Future World: Honestly, the third star is based purely on nostalgia for what this park once was.  Back in the early 90's, as a  nerdy child Epcot was a dream come true.  I loved the Wonders of Life pavilion (remember Elizabeth Shue in body wars?), cranium command, and the interactive exhibits.  The park displayed a lot of innovative technology, and the SSE and energy dark rides were (relatively) current. the long defunct Horizons was also fun and interactive. I was here a couple of years ago and was shocked at how little had changed.  Bad Kodak sponsored 3-D movies from the 90s, the same outdated energy ride, wonders of life is now abandoned, innoventions is a joke (playstation, really?)  On my most recent visit they had added a couple of new things, and I do think the finding nemo aquarium ride is cute if not dumbed down from the original, but overall this park is like a trip back into the 80's/early 90's.  I don't think Disney can bill this park as "future world" anymore.  This would require major tech sponsors, or continual investment and upgrading with Disney's own funds. Walt wanted it to be a permanent world's fair, but Epcot's future world is just a sad ghost of what it was.  Test Track and Mission Space (if you have a strong stomach) are pretty cool, but probably the only things worth doing if you've been here anytime in the past 15 years.  The line was way too long for Soarin' World Showcase: Calling the World Showcase a "park" is a bit of a stretch - it's a themed mall and food court with two lame rides that haven't changed much since the 90s and some old tourism-board sponsored films (well, I heard the China film was updated recently but I didn't see it - I'm generally way too tired by the time I get to that half of the showcase to stand through a film).  The Norway ride is kitschy- hilarious but hasn't changed at all since it opened - pirates of teh Caribbean with some vaguely Scandinavian things thrown in (oil rigs! vikings!  trolls!  a polar bear!)   The coolest things are the live shows if you can catch those.  IMO, charging more than a small fee to get into this part of the park is just ridiculous, because the only activities you can engage in here, aside from the aforementioned, are eating extremely overpriced food an drink, and buying overpriced souveniers (why would I buy a souvenier from a country I've never been to anyway?)   Biergarten is my favorite restaurant here - a decent German buffet, fun Bavarian music acts and liter beers are about the only Epcot dining offerings I can't find readily around my apartment.  I think EPCOT in general was a lot cooler before the days of affordable airfare, cable TV and the internet. I am a lover of Disney, but EPCOT is in serious need of some TLC!  Or at least a reduction in the admissions fee, or maybe a split between fees for the world showcase/FW.
Going to EPCOT is sort of like doing a world tour without ever getting your passport stamped. It's like going to the costco of the world. You'll get a little sample of Mexico here, and then you walk ten feet and you have France right in front of you to enjoy a tasty um.. french fries. I have been here a hand full of times and even though it doesn't have many rides and/or attractions that seem like they're updated all that much, what they do have is a nice variety of constructed culture. They have wine/food events that focus on specific regions. That in themselves was a great experience. And while I'm sure there's COKE signs everywhere in the world, this place highlights that Coke really has their ads on everywhere on the world as soon as you step off the plane. Mission Space. I have one suggestion, when they tell you not to put your arms out.. PUT THEM OUT! Holy hell, that zero G will make you sore. Especially when you ride this ride about five times in a row. Now why would one ride this five times in a row? Why not? The line is rarely ever long because most of the people are scared off by all the warnings that this ride carries. You see waves of kids crying to their parents. The Mexican ride is pretty racist. In that it's pretty boring. As a Mexican I feel this ride was pretty damn boring version of Pirates. Oooooh, ride and learn. Then again, that's the majority of what Epcot is. Learning. Which seems like something kids would hate about a vacation. But much like having a Flinstone's Vitamin, kids are fooled into eat it because they want to chew on cavemen.   That silver ball is pretty damn boring. It's like the haunted mansion if it was in the future and ghost were proven to not exist. I have to say that the world of tomorrow was just plain boring as well. So with all these boring rides, why do I love this place? Cause it's great to see the reaction of how anti-climatic this whole location is to tourist who are let down. And it is a way to get a little bit of a lot of culture. Typically you will get here by bus from one of the other Disney parks. So I have to wonder how much carbon footprint that bus ride leaves. Sort of makes all that "epcot is the future!" and keeping for a better tomorrow message into a moot one, right? Over all, if you're in Florida and you're going to Disney, you owe it to yourself to go see this Disney Park for a couple of hours. That's probably all you're going to really need anyway.
Epcot makes me really, really happy. Who knew the giant golf ball actually served a purpose? Actually called "Space Ship Earth"- or so I'm told- there is a trip through human evolution inside that takes you from cavemen, to the present, to the future. The new ride "Soarin'" is a high-flying, sensory trip through California that shouldn't be missed. The recently redone Gran Fiesta in Mexico is cute and musical, same with the new Nemo excursion. "Living with the Land" is a slow boat ride through different climates and then through the Epcot greenhouses, which I absolutely loved.  The entire theme of Epcot is about discovery and sustainability, and the park is Florida Green certified. World Showcase is one of the most popular attractions, and one of my favorite. Be sure to arrive early, and to book far in advance for some of the table service restaurants, especially for Canada or France. I can't go to Epcot without stopping in the French patisserie, not that I would want to! Pastries run about $3-5 each, and are well worth it. Also be sure to checkout the Grand Marnier slush, and the turkey leg ($6.50 can't be beat at a theme park!) or funnel cake from America. Skip Nine Dragons in China, the food isn't anything to write home about and is overpriced. Of course, you can't forget shopping. I personally think MouseGear is the best merchandise shop in Disney World. It is less crowded and has more variety then the Emporium and Magic Kingdom, especially for clothing. Everything is well stocked and easy to navigate. You can find gear for all the parks and Disney in general here, so I would head here for the majority of souvenir shopping while visiting WDW. The thing that puts Epcot over the top fabulous beyond the food, culture, and global message, is "Illuminations." Illuminations is the best fireworks show I have ever seen and it can be seen every night at 8pm, 365 days a year. I love it, it can't be described, so this is one of those things that you just have to experience yourself.
When we were planning our trip to Walt Disney World, many people told us that we would need three days at the Magic Kingdom and only one at Epcot.  I am so glad that we decided to divide our time evenly because two full days of Epcot was barely enough time to see what we wanted to see.  Our daughters are 5 and 7 and they really enjoyed the entire park.  They loved Spaceship Earth, various parts of The Land, Soarin' and many of the other rides - but there were so many attractions that we just never made it to, like Ellen's Energy Adventure, The Seas, etc.  Our entire family enjoyed the World Showcase - first of all, there are so many places to meet characters and so many characters that you can only meet in Epcot (like Mulan, the Beast, Marie, to name a few).  The documentaries from the various countries were great, the countries' rides were hokey but cute nonetheless, and the food was great.  We did A LOT of snacking in Epcot - pot stickers, sushi, funnel cake, burritos, you name it!  We had two great dinners (Mexico and Japan) and just really enjoyed our experience.  I also think that when the kids get older, we could end up spending a third day here.
This is update is directed to those with toddlers in tow. Otherwise, read original review. We went during the FLOWER & GARDEN festival, which really is beautiful. The topiaries with the all the different characters are just adorable. But what really won me over were all the playgrounds. Epcot has several season areas. When they change seasons and themes (Flower & Garden, Food & Wine, Christmas...) then they change what is being exhibited in that area. For Flower & Garden, they had 3 extra playgrounds. I know, I know, you didn't come all this way and pay all that money just to spend your time in a playground. But it really helps for them to burn off some energy before returning to their stroller ride around the WORLD SHOWCASE. A great idea to make a more adult park more kid friendly.
I'm not  a big Disney fan (I grew up in Anaheim and overdosed on Disneyland as a child), but I LOVE this Epcot business. It's like Disneyland for grown-ups.  I love all the little towns, each one has its own cuisine (and booze!).  I spent the entire day eating, going on all the rides, eating, looking at the "museums", eating, eating, shopping, eating...etc.  This was so much fun!!  Definitely the best of the parks, if you only have time to see one, this is it!
I happened to go during the International Flower and Garden Festival. If anyone has a chance to go during these two months, do yourself a favor and go. I will say since Test Track was closed, there is almost nothing left to do at Epcot outside Soarin', World Showcase, and Spaceship Earth. I would recommend Magic Kingdom and Hollywood Studios over Epcot, however their Illumination laser show is something that shouldn't be missed. If nothing else, the World Showcase in itself is a great place to find food and explore countries you may never have the chance to visit. I agree with other reviewers: The countries are oversimplified, the food and drinks are overpriced, and it isn't truly like visiting the world. But lets be real: Its Disney World, its expensive, and you arent going to be finding 5 star dining nor "Sale price" souvenirs or food. But youre there, you came to have a good time, and Epcot kind of fits that bill. The live performances by the street performers at World Showcase is pretty cool as well. I would have given it 2 or 3 stars, but the Flower and Garden Fest was worth 1 or 2 stars by itself.
EPCOT is a little more edu-tainment than the other parks, but my wife really liked it because they had beer (one of her first text messages to me was "Epcot is fun.  Hurry.  They have beer"). There were only three rides here and lots of things to see.  The different foreign villages are cool.  They are populated by imported foreign kids (or so says their name tags, but they were talking amongst themselves in French) and the food at the mexican restaurant was pretty good (obviously in a different village). There is also a lot of corporate sponsorship.  Nestle sponsors the pavilion with Soaring Over California (I don't get why it wasn't translated to Soaring Over Florida) and Coca-Cola sponsors another (where you can taste the popular soda drinks from around the world).
I like Epcot, hence the 3 stars. Great park to relax (World Showcase in particular) I'm a native here so 3 stars is a good score for a park.
Please make sure to try and visit EPCOT at least once in your lifetime if you can. Went with my mom and brother in '09 and I fell in love! This park has so much to do you cannot possibly try to see everything in just one day. I will definitely be returning the the future! The World Showcase area alone will take you at the very least a day to explore if you fully take advantage of all of the destinations. There are 11 countries; Japan, France, UK, Canada, Mexico, Italy, US, Norway, China, Germany and, Morocco. My favorite was the educational and exciting Spaceship Earth. Let me just say this, I had never been so excited and wide eyed over a theme park attraction in my life. This to me was more exciting that the biggest roller coaster I have ever been on. If you are nostalgic in the least bit, or into history, inventions and technology you will enjoy Spaceship Earth. It is located in the massive white sphere that is the icon of EPCOT Center. Spaceship Earth is a ride about 15 minutes long, that starts at the 'beginning of mankind' and in mechanical scenes shows you how technology developed over the centuries. It is brilliant and a very unique experience. Sad to say I have only been to EPCOT once but there is no doubt I will be returning again, and this time spending more than a day here as there is a ton to see and do.
EPCOT (that's the name I'll always remember as -- the Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow) is bar far my favorite of the Disney parks, and probably my top one in the Orlando area (although Universal's Islands of Adventure gives it a run for the money). There are a few exciting/exhilarating rides (Test Track, Mission to Mars, and Soarin'), the World Showcase is fun, and they've got alcohol! Heck, they even brought back "Captain Eo" since Michael Jackson is no longer around to spark controversy. I just wish they'd bring back the old Imagination ride. Must dos: the above rides Sample Coca Cola products from around the world Norway's ride Mexico's ride Beer/wine from Mexico, Morocco, Germany, Italy, France, Japan, and Canada Restaurants to consider (reservations far in advance if it's a sit down): England France Japan Morocco (sit down or casual) Italy the Land's food court
Such old old place, nothing has been done since the 80s. Rides not to accommodate big crowds. Crazy lack of organized line ups. Employees were friendly - and work hard! Management must get cooking!!!
by far the best Disney park after you turn 21. walk around each country and have a drink or two at each and you will love every second of your day. each country is fun and unique. best drink = Sultan coolada in morocco. best food = Germany (best pretzel I've ever eaten and the buffet inside has fantastic eats like spaetzle, schnitzel, potato dumplings, vanilla pudding and many more)!
There are tons of reviews, so here are my few salient points: 1.  This is my FAVORITE Disney park.  I loved the two distinctly different parts (Future World & World Showcase). 2.  Get a Fast Pass for Soarin' as soon as you get there.  It's located in 'The Land'.  It is the BEST ride I went on in Epcot. Many people walked out of Soarin' and immediately got another Fast Pass.  It's basically a huge IMAX movie of flying but you are sitting in a suspended seat that moves with the movie action.  Anyone can ride it from small children to the elderly and handicapped.  It's awesome. 3.  Get there early.  Use the Fast Pass system.  Make dinner reservations. 4.  Put your camera on 'fireworks' mode if you have it.  I have a point and shoot and used the fireworks mode.  Take a look at my photos.  They turned out well. 5.  Don't eat at the Electric Umbrella.  There are many other better food options. 6.  Plan your trip for an off-peak time (don't go at Spring break, Thanksgiving, etc...).  We went the second week of December and the lines were short.  The weather was perfect. Have a wonderful time and wear good walking shoes.  This park should be top of your list!!
Luvd, luvd, luvd Epcot. The weather still wasn't the greatest, but at least it did not require the use of a poncho.  At least for the most part.  If anything, it was pretty hunid, but I guess that's just Orlando for you. The first ride....Space something...reminded me of a tour up and all over a moving planetarium...sorry, I am sure I am butchering this description.  It was actually quite entertaining, and at one point, I felt like I was in the matrix. The other ride, COMPLETELY forgot the name of it, was more enjoyable than I thought it would be.  I think it was because of my friend screaming at the screen and the controls.  It literally felt like we were on a space journey to Mars though.  Interesting tidbit about the ride though, is that they provide individual compartments to place your stuff...alongside of barf bags in the ride....just in case. We also did that car test drive ride before heading off into countries of Epcot.  I read somewhere that this was the longest coaster ride in the Disney Parks, and I was almost inclined to believe it.  The unfortunate thing about this experience was that the weight was ridiculously long...though I do believe it was because of the weather. The country replications were done rather well, and of course we could appreciate the ability to drink wine, beer, and champagne...not necessarily in that order.  We were fortunate enough to be around for a Japanese drum show, as well as be able to take pictures of the various princesses and female characters situated all over the park.
Yes, it's true that Disney had to "dumb it down" in order to cater to broader array of people.  Yeah, I miss Body Wars, Cranium Command, and others...  But Disney still captures those looking to stimulate their minds with the interactive sections of innovations.  EPCOT truly has something for everyone.  Where else can you drink around the world in under an hour? :)  Of course going to the actual countries would be fantastic, but credit must be given for the exquisite detail of the physical architecture to the cast members on temporary work visas.
It is a small world resonated when you come to EPCOT. It really is a small world after all when you can walk across the world from Mexico to France.  Its amazing that visitors can go to one place to experience numerous cultures around the world. During the International Food and Wine Festival, the amount of countries present with their local cuisine and drinks quadruples. It is a must for everyone of age to try the "drink around the world challenge". It is drinking in every country around the world. I promise, at the very least, it will ensure a good state for participants. For real champions, try it during the International Food and Wine Festival. I promise pukage on that one. As for the resident countries in EPCOT, some are boring and some are fun. The boring ones include good ol' USA, Canada, Italy, and Morocco, so go there do your little Matt is around the world dance and move on to the next country. The good countries include China (cool acrobat shows), Norway (fun ride through the North Sea), Germany (BEER, enough said), France (pastries, hell yes), and Mexico (Margarita, yes please). As for the rides Soarin' is an amazing ride that takes you to see the many wonders of the world from an aerial point of view. Another great ride is Test Track, which it is called that because it is always broken, takes you through the many rigors an automobile would go through at a car factory. Those two are my favorite rides. There are many other cool interactive spots in EPCOT. This is my favorite Disney park by far and the most accommodating for adults, while being the most compromising for age differences in a family.
Always have and probably always will find EPCOT as my favorite park at Disney World. Over and above the Future World portion (the updated Spaceship Earth is worth the visit if the wait is under 15 min,) the World Showcase is my favorite.
Can't ever say a bad word about EPCOT. Sure it's showing age in spots but they do a good job of updating and making new rides.  This visit it was just my husband and I (away from our 2 kids!).   We came in about 11am today, and left at 8pm (would have stayed for the fireworks but we saw them a few years ago, worth watching though).  Spaceship Earth's overall is well done (it was hilarioiusly outdated orginally - the year 2010 had us living on the moon!), and narrated by I'm pretty sure was Dame Judy Dench!  We didn't get to Soarin' cause the wait was always 60"+ but we got plenty of time at the World Showcase.  We opted for less rides and more enjoying the countries and the performance this trip.  The nice thing is you cannot get bored. Get a snack. Get a drink.  Then hop from one country to the next for back to back performances and demonstration - it's like the world's fair of activities. You can stroll with your food and beer!  Some acts silly but all are entertaining. The a-capella in USA was outstanding, comedy troupe in Britain hilarious, rock group in Britain a nice throwback to British Rock, Hat Lady at the pub in Britain was super talented and fun to see, and of course Captain EO was such a funny throwback to the 80's.  River del Tiempo ride in Mexico more for kids but still well done and relaxing, and there's hardly ever a wait so give it a go. It's romantic to eat in Mexico too, it's like you are outdoors at the base of a mayan ruin - totally transported to another place and time.   Rose & Crown lots of fun; skip reservations at the restaurant and just eat in the pub (see my review for the pub).
Oh how I love, love, love Epcot!!!  As a kid, I could do without it, but as an adult, it is quickly becoming my favorite of all the Parks.  I always feel so relaxed at Epcot.  Taking a walk around the World Showcase is like a breath of fresh air.  I love to shop and browse and that's what it's all about for me.  It's also nice to walk around the World with a cocktail in hand.   If you're looking for quick service food, I love the fish and chips at the UK Pavilion.  Mmmm Mmmm Good!!  If you're looking for a sit down meal, try your best to book Le Cellier at Canada, Teppan Edo at Japan, or the new Via Napoli at Italy!  A good buffet meal for adults and kids alike is The Garden Grill with Chip and Dale at The Land in Future World. Want a good beer?  Hit Germany!!  Want an amazing glass of wine?  Don't miss Italy!!  One thing I NEVER miss when I'm at Epcot is the stand at France which has an amazing lemonade slush made with Grey Goose Vodka!  OK, I'm ready to leave and go to Epcot now! LOL As for the rides, whatever you do, no matter how long the wait, DO NOT miss Soarin'!   It is an absolute MUST!
EPCOT is my favorite of the parks, as I love futurism, and I love different cultures. Disney does a good job with both, but I swear they needs to pump some renovation money into what they have here. I'm not saying build a big monster roller coaster over the lake ( as many idiots suggest.. not the point of this park folks), but maybe fix up some of the things that are lagging in what is considered the future. Also, be more respectable with prices. Your mine clientele is middle class America. Alas, they aren't gonna listen to little ol' me... and I am still a Disney fan-boy. Shame on me. The size of EPCOT is the most outstanding part. Personally, I get the most for my money here, but you need to be into the idea of what EPCOT was meant to accomplish.
When we planned our trip, we left Disney Epcot for last thinking it might be the park we would enjoy the least. What a wonderful surprise to discover that after Animal Kingdom, this was the Park we enjoyed the most! It was GREAT! Futureworld is wonderful, and 'Soaring' is the best ride in all of the parks (with Expedition Everest coming in second at Animal Kingdom). We went to fast pass tickets for it as soon as we got in, and this was a wise move as fast pass was out by noon, and the wait hit 120 minutes. Soaring was breathtaking (literally). We also enjoyed Fast Trax, and the Mission to Mars simulator. In the same Pavilion as Soaring, they have a very insightful 'Living off the Land' boat tour that takes you through different greenhouses. They also have an aquarium with mantees and dolphins in the Pavilion with the Nemo ride. I think what I may have liked the most were the electronic screen showing wait times and fast pass times for the different rides. On the other side of the lake, the International section is extremely entertaining, with all the different shows associated with each pavilion. We listended to Mariachis in Mexico, saw belly dancing in Morocco, street theater in Italy and Chinese Acrobats in China. You really need 2 days to do all of Epcot justice. We were there from opening until the fireworks show, which was very cool. We will definitely come again, and this time may pass futureworld to just catch all the shows at the pavilions. Epcot also hands down as the best selection of foods in all the Disney Parks. Lots of places to sit and ample room to move around the park are big plusses.
Epcot is my favorite Disney park by far. Epcot was originally Walt Disney's idea for a planned community. As soon as he died, the Disney executives killed that idea. Fortunately they built a park that is a year round world's fair. The world areas of Epcot are the best. They sell beer, actually have good food, plus they have excellent gift shops. I enjoyed EPCOT so much that I could stay a week at Disney and only visit this park. It was great. I highly recommend EPCOT.
My girlfriend and I are pretty big Disney fans, but with time and money short on our trip (we arrived at the park at 3pm), we looked over the parks at Disney World and decided that Epcot provided the most unique experiences for us Southern Californians who frequent Disneyland and California Adventure. The Siemens ride that goes inside the iconic globe was very cool.  The majority of our time after the Siemens ride was spent visiting all of the countries in the World Showcase.  We had a light meal in the Biergarten, sampling some outstanding beers and munching on a brat, frank, and pretzel.   We were able to catch the Captain EO show which I vaguely remembered from when I was a kid at Disneyland.  I don't know if this is a limited time feature, like it was in Disneyland in 2010.   Being that it was Christmas time, we witnessed a beautiful medley of Christmas carols by an amazing choir (sorry, I can't remember what the exact name of the event was).   I wish we had more time to fully explore each of the countries (we only got to ride/view a handful of the countries' attractions) but I still had an amazing time and Disney made a real effort to try to immerse you into the spirit and culture of each country, although it could sometimes border on stereotypes, I give them the benefit of the doubt.  There's only so much you can do with a limited amount of space. One last note, my friends suggested I try to do what they called an "Around the World," that being, you drink the signature beer from each country in a single trip.  I'll have to save that for the next time I am in Orlando, and for a time that I don't want to go on any rides!
food and wine festival. enough said.
Martin Short is the new Ambassador of Canada?  Seriously? Epcot makes me happy in ways that very few things can.  I noted a previous review citing the "Old. rundown. Dated. Boring." nature of the attraction.  Here's what I say: thptbp.  Epcot makes my day! Upon entry, your journey on Spaceship Earth (the big golf ball) is indeed dated, but that's half the fun! For my money, the huge entry fee is more than covered by riding Soarin' Over California and Mission: Space. Once you're done with the cool thrill-rides, you're in for the best part of Epcot: the World. I could go on, but I assure you that the 360 degree theatres are awesome (I dare you to think of China and not recall the cool-ass Disney narrator who refers to CHEYE-neh).  Also, having a beer at the Rose and Crown is a true rite of passage.  If you miss it, you suck. You may not be a Magic Kingdom person, which I understand.  I've experienced Epcot at least 10 times as an adult, and I've never gotten tired of it.  My advice: leave the kids with the sitters at the Polynesian and bust-ass over to Epcot... you'll see what I mean!
Didnt know what to expect being an OC local....where everyone frequents Disney. Great mix of rides, shows, and food. Use your fast pass and use early. Fast passes may be fully distributed by the afternoon especially for Soarin. The big surprise was the World Showcase...with the variety of food and its actually palatable. The park can be completed in a full day if your willing to skip some attractions but you can easily get absorbed at the world showcase requiring a second visit. TIPS: Use the Disney app for times, schedules, restaurant menus, and ratings Bring a battery fan/mister Hit the park at opening grab a fast pass and head to another attraction.
Lots of things to see and do.  Pretty interactive here.   First, do Spaceship Earth.  It's a slow ride that takes you through the evolution of technology.  At the end they have interactive games to try. There are also 2 pavillions where kids can go learn about weather, and a really cool recycling game where you take little carts to different stations and "recycle" things and you get a cool little certificate at the end.  The first time we went our kids made paper out of blue jeans! Test Track is also here.  I'm not a big fan of this but my wife wnated to go on it on our first trip with our kids.  NOT kid friendly for those under, lets say 8.  My kids were screaming and crying as we flew around the building at 65 mph.  I don't like rollercoasters as it is but I didn't want to go on this one our last trip.   Definitely go to Soarin!!  This is a great "ride".  You are in a "hanglider" and when it starts the seats rise and you are in front of a huge movie screen.  It makes you feel as if you are flying over California.  At one point you fly over an orange grove and they pipe in citrus smells.  Another time you fly over the ocean, right over the waves and they spritz you with mist.  Kids dind't like it because of the feeling of flying but this is a great ride.  Also do Nemo and Friends, and the boat ride where you can see them growing plants and fruits and vegetables that are actually used at Disney. Now, the world pavillion.  There are about 10 "countries" to visit.  In Mexico there is a giant temple and inside is the Three Caballeros boat ride, which is fun.  There is also a very nice sit down restaurant with some great Mexican food.   In England you can get some fish and chips at the counter service place, which is really good.  They also have a toy store where you can meet Pooh and Tigger.  This is where you can also meet Alice and Mary Poppins!  They also have a geneology store.   France is great.  You can buy a bottle of wine, and meet Belle, Beast, and Marie (from Aristocats.)  They have an "Eiffel Tower" that you can't get too but a photographer is on hand to take your picture (using photopass.)   In Germany they have a wonderful little toy store, and of course German chocolates.  There is also a cool clock tower that is like  a cookoo clock and has little people that come out when it chimes.  Here you can meet Snow White. Norway has a cool ride called Maelstrom.  It takes you through some of the history of Norway with 2 waterfalls (not bad) and a short movie at the end (not mandatory but you have to walk through the theater.)   The American Pavillion has a wonderful acapella group that comes and sings Americana songs, in colonial era clothing and then they hang around to answer questions and talk.   EPCOT also has the Kim Possible mission where kids sign up and they can walk around one of the pavillions looking for clues.  My daughter did it and we learned alot about China because you have to go in to the museum and walk around looking for things.  You get a "cell phone" to use for clues.  You don't get a prize or anything but I can see how it helps kids learn about the different cultures.   Hang around for the fireworks show at the end!  Our first year we sat far enough back but when they opened the huge globe and fire shot our, we felt the heat where we were.  But it's not just fireworks.  It's also a cool laser show.  Very well done.
That has got to be the biggest golf ball I've ever seen! Oh, that's not a golf ball? What is it? Yes, we went on the ride in the big golf ball. I now know what it is. I was a little disappointed with some of the future land rides; but, the international side more than made up for it. Future Rides: 4 Stars - Spaceship Earth - A little cheesy (no pun intended), but interesting and informative. 5 Stars - Mission: SPACE - The orange line is deffinately not for those of you who get motion sickness easily; but, they do offer a milder version, the green line. 4 Stars - Test Track - Nothing like flying around in a superfast car! 5 Stars - Living with the Land - There are some very cool things to learn about the environment here! The international side, we kind of ate our way through all of the pavilions. And, all of the food was good. The two shows at China and France were very cool. Got to love those 360 degree theatres!
This Disney park is a great park to use, if you're not into thrill rides.  I enjoyed it immensely.  It does offer some intuitive information more in (mostly) ride-form. While the park is centered around a humungous "golf-ball" size building(that is called the Epcot Ball, and which houses a ride in itself), the major attractions form an everlasting circle around two ends of the park.  The park has 2 sides.  On the one side, you learn about a few nations(World Showcase), while the other, you learn about things in the environment(Future World). Although it's been a few years since I was there, according to park maps found online, this park hasn't changed all that much.
I like this place though i deducted a star cause they did away with the cola building. Theres food everywere, which is great cause i love food. the rides are of few since its more food and culture kind of place then rides like disney world its self is. i cant wait to try and go back, i havent been here since 2001 or 2002.
This is one kick ass Disney theme park. Much better rides than Disneyland, reasonably priced food, and a great nighttime fireworks display. Future area: Check out Test Track first. If there's a line, go in the single rider line and save yourself at least 20 minutes waiting in line. GM sponsored this ride and they don't let you forget it. The whole ride is like a giant GM commercial, and when the ride is done you are put into a car showroom. Besides that, Test Track is best at the end when you go really, really fast. It must have hit 120 mph, at least. Next, head over to Mission: SPACE. If you get motion sickness, forget it and go in the green line. SPACE is an intense ride and really feels that you are going to the moon. The "mission" handed to you from Gary Sinise is just a tad corny. International area: Choose one side and work your way around the lake to the other side- you can't go wrong where you start. Be sure to skip the ride in the Norway section. It's a boat ride that takes you through an animated Norwegian history, complete with trolls and an oil derrick. It's not bad, but just a total letdown from what Fodor's told me (a must experience!). The Norwegian bakery sells some pretty good pastries, including some made with cloudberries. I hung around in the Moroccan section because it's the best place to get a good view of the fireworks AND a live band was playing Arabic music I knew (Amr Diab).
I like Epcot.  The international pavillions and international food are great!  The one thing that they need to change is to get rid of the huge American pavillion and replace it with  pavillions showcasing Spain or Russia or Egypt.  Why would anyone go to an American pavillion when they are IN AMERICA?!?!  It's ridiculous!  Give us more countries instead, Disney people!
The best of all the parks. Maybe if everyone came and walked through all the countries and exhibits we maight all have a better appreiation for eachother and our planet.
Smoked turkey legs Gargantuan to feed two individuals Smoked turkey legs Of this place called Walt Disney World Found at EPCOT Park in Orlando, Florida Where cast members direct guests to meet and greet Mickey, Goofy, and friends Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow (EPCOT), a utopian city envision by Walt Disney Travel around the world Without wings Without a passport Where guests can sample cuisines from Mexico, China, Japan, Canada, France, Norway To name a few Where a 360 circular movie, recently updated, portrays cities of Hong Kong, Shanghai, Beijing and more Where Mandarin and Canto skills are tested in the China Pavilion, World Showcase Smoked turkey legs Flavor some and tasty A gargantuan appetite is required Invigorating to senses yet very filling A delightful treat!
These Disney busses are very efficient. We have been in Walt Disney World for 10 days and these busses have picked us up and returned in a very efficient manner we get to a stop and within 15 minutes a bus pulls up and takes us where we need to go. No fuss no stress. Very nice.
Great very expensive though
EPCOT is a stunning park with a lot of different types of interesting activities.  There are rides, the World Showcase, famous festivals (Food & Wine, Garden, etc), a wide variety of food and drink, etc.  It's a really cool park and a blast to explore. Some highlights for me: - Soarin' (same as the Disneyland version: outstanding) - Maelstrom (Awesome ride in the Norway showcase) - Living with the Land (very interesting, educational, and fun boat ride) - Morocco showcase (beautiful architecture, cool souvenirs, decent food) - Spaceship: Earth (I had no idea there was a ride inside the EPCOT ball!) - Club Cool (different varieties of Coke from around the world) - Gran Fiesta Tour (awesome ride in the Mexico showcase) Wish I'd had a chance to ride Test Track, but it was closed when I was here. One downside to this park is that I experienced an extremely rude cast member here - she yelled at me for essentially no reason (she tried to split me and my friend up while rearranging the line to accommodate more people. I went with my friend instead and got a ton of heat for it).  Other cast members had attitude and did not seem to enjoy their jobs at all.  It is one of the only experiences I have ever had with unpleasant Disney employees at any of the Disney parks.  This park would get 5 stars otherwise, but the disappointing cast members drop this down a notch for me. This is probably only a one day park for me (I did not return after my first visit during my week long trip), but it's definitely worth your time to go here.
I love Epcot.. It's so interesting, big, magical, etc.. It is an amazing park, and we always have something new to discover. We love the future world, but the world showcase can't be beat.  You honestly feel that you are brought into these foreign countries, with the structures around you, and people working the areas.  The food is also something to look forward to at Epcot.  Where else can you eat beef bourguignon and baklava in the same day?!
My favorite Disney Park.  It is a beautiful park with fun rides and good food.
I went to Epcot with my son in June of 2011 it was my 2nd time here and his first. The day when we attended it was crazy hot like 105 degrees and I was just forced to buy a bottle of regular water for $3.00 just so my son could pour over his head because he wasn't feeling good in that heat. We could not find any sitting area in shade and only found refuge over at American pavilion with some air conditioning but we could not sit there forever. The day we were at Epcot, it was my son's b-day and despite that I had his birth certificate in hands, Disney refused to give him a free ticket so I had to pay full price for him $86 (he's not a teenager yet). We wondered our way to French pavilion and I bought for us "French" ice cream on cone. People in that booth were speaking fluent French and I could hardly understand them they were also laughing maybe they were laughing at us... When we picked up that ice cream it was melting by the second and dripping over my son's outfit. There was no sitting area to eat it in shade. After visiting Mexico area, we finally made our way to "The mission space ride". The worker for Epcot asked me what type of tickets did we want "normal" or "speedy ride"? I asked her what was the difference? She replied : "The speedy ride has a bit of pressure". A bit of pressure ---hmm doesn't sound too much right? So we made our way to the "speedy ride". The line was moving fairly fast. My son and I were grouped with a couple from another country (not sure from where) so 4 of us sat in that "space capsule" then it began.... There was this HUGE pressure in the cabin and a foreign woman next to me began yelling to her bf/husband "OMG, this is NOT good, this is NOT good, I don't feel good"! The pressure was enormous. It flet like your face was pulling apart! It felt like the back of your head was left behind and your front face was speeding ahead. I don't know how to describe it. The woman sitting next to me began yelling at her bf/husband to STOP the ride. He said he couldn't control it or do it. She was yelling/screaming she was going to be very sick! The ride continued and I was thinking to myself when is this going to be over??!! I felt very sick myself but not as sick as she did. After the run ended the woman sitting next to me began vomitting violently with blood! I grabbed our bags and we exited the cabin with my son while the woman and her bf/husband remained sitted and Epcot employees began making their way into our cabin because it was time to load other 4 people into it. I told the worker as she was making her way in, that they need probably to call an ambulance because it doesn't look good over there.. Both I and my son felt sick to our stomachs after the ride and we had to stand there for good 10 minutes to get back to normal. It was just horrifying experience and something my son and I will remember for the rest of our lives. If you are pregnant /have blood pressure issues or easily can get sick due to enormous pressure, I strongly suggest NOT to go to that ride! And they should really hang warning signs and warn people about this crazy ride.
Love EPCOT! What better way to spend your day traveling and drinking your way around the world. Mexico is a must for any margarita lover! Avocado margarita is the bomb.com, yes it sounds gross but it's not! It delish! I also love France! The rides are okay, but Testtrack, Soarin' and Space something are among my top 3!
what a great cultural experience from around the world! great way to learn about different cultures!
Utterly amazing. By far and away my favorite park! As my fellow travelers were fond of saying on this particular excursion, I'm a little bit dorky. I like the informative exhibits at the other parks (the ones kids try and avoid) - Hall of Presidents, Carousel of Tomorrow, etc., so Epcot was a dream come true. Having never been here before, I was seriously stoked, as I happen to LOVE re-creations of all kinds, so I knew I'd go gaga for the countries. I was right! Amazing and adorable is all I can say! Mexico's temple was probably the most impressive, with the mini marketplace and the awe-inspiring sky backdrop. But I loved all the others as well. Disney did a damn good job of creating something special here. In addition to the countries, I was enamored with both The Land, where you can take a tour of the agricultural work Epcot is doing, and the aquarium, which is definitely one of the best I've ever seen - ranks right under the Georgia Aquarium in Atlanta. They had two manatees, and tons of other sea creatures to view. Paradise for aquatic nuts like me and the BF. Additionally, the Nemo ride was freakin' adorable, I could have easily ridden the undersea adventure at least 10 times. And Soarin' was jaw-dropping! I wish they'd do a longer one and feature some other geographic locations! All in all, I can't imagine Epcot being any better. I cannot WAIT to return and spend more time exploring the countries, gazing into the aquarium and reveling in the educational fun that is Epcot. Bravo Disney!
I have been here probably 20-30 times and I am still not sick of it. I think it one of the coolest concepts ever- Technology and the future and the world showcase. I do think the best rides are at this park. I love Test Track, Mission Space, and Journey into Imagination (I have always had a thing for Figment). I love how you get to truly play at this park in the various pavilions. As far as world showcase- go to the french bakery for the best deserts and eat dinner at Mexico or China. As far as the rides- the Maelstrom is by far my favorite, but I LOVE them all. Epcot also has the best fireworks display- it is a combo of lazers and fireworks. Go over by France with a pastry in hand and I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
What an amazing resort! I had one day to kill before I debarked on my Disney Cruise and decided to spend the day at Epcot. Being from California, I have been to Disneyland/California and wanted to experience something different. Epcot is definitely a theme park geared for adults. It was more of an educational voyage as it gives you a glimpse of all the different countries and what they have to offer.  Just a little warning, if you have smaller kids, they may be a bit bored.   As far as for rides, the only one they had was Soarin'. The remaining attractions were all shows. You can definitely get through this entire park in one day. So if you are planning a Disney trip, you will know how much time to allot.  The fireworks show was amazing!!  One of best I have ever seen. After the park, we headed to Downtown Disney. This place is huge! Twice the size of Downtown Disney in Anahiem.  They have a great selection of restaurants there. Plan at least 2 hours to get through it all.  It was a great experience, can't say it would redo it though. As for me, Epcot was just one of those ventures you want to cross off your bucket list. Overall, this park is one like no other...you get to travel around the world Disney style!
The World Showcase is spectacular! My favorite showcase is China and their restaurant. Please try the fragrant five spiced fish. One type of food I missed was the Japanese food, I really wanted to try it :( . Mexico has great churros :D . Test Track is a truly thrilling ride. I am a car fanatic and love going fast so this is my kind of ride. The showroom is sweet and I got great pics of the blue Camaro. Glad they have a Saab in there. Hopefully that will bring more customers to them. The gift shop has some of the coolest automobile related merchandise in there. The wooden Hummer in there would have been the best kids toy for me! At the Land, they have an eating center (forgot the name, it is RIGHT BY Soarin) that has honestly some of the best sushi I have had. Not in the same league as Sushihana but some of the best. I had the spicy roll with a tropical citrus Vitamin Water. The eatery has some neat looking hot air balloons on display. The establishment is very clean and well taken care of.
Great park to have a good bonding time with your family. The place is awesome for walking visit.
The landscape is breathtaking, the weather was humid and hot in August. It drizzled for a bit but it was tropically a magic moment. There's a lot of walking here just like any other amusement park. Not many rides but it was all good. There are shops within and decent food courts. Make your way to the famous iconic ball for the picture taking. Got my vote.
Visiting Disney World is such a magical experience. I found this to be very different from Disneyland. I would have to say that of the four parks we had the opportunity to visit on this trip, Epcot was my favorite. Rides & Attractions in Future World: Epcot does not have as many rides as some of the other parks but it does have a lot of attractions. Being as this was our first visit and we only had one day per park I doubt we really did it justice. Here is what we experienced and my rating of each one: Test Track: We we warned of long lines. There were none for our visit (3rd week of May). We had a 20 minute wait and could not even enjoy all of the stuff they cram in along the queue for you to see. We practically walked on. Very cool ride! Some of the first parts reminded me of my old autocross days; awesome! The roller coaster part of the ride, not nearly as awesome as I think it could be. This ride did not live up to the hype for me however. Ride it again? Oh hell, yes! It was tons of fun. 4.5 stars. Ellen's Energy Adventure: 45 minute ride. Way too long and this is outdated. Funny at parts, but not enough for a 45 minute ride. Nice place to go if you want to get out of the heat. Ride it again. Nah, I'd go on it once to see it and skip it next visit. Some of the Jeopardy parts were fun for me, but not enough for a return. 3 stars. Spaceship Earth: Apparently this has recently been updated to add the interactive computer fun towards the end. The ride through the "giant golf ball" as it was affectionately referred to by cast members is pretty tame. Stand alone scenes prevail and then suddenly you are prompted to start interacting with the computer. This part is freakin' hilarious and had us laughing so hard we missed a bunch. Ride it again? You betcha'! The wait was only 20 minutes, so why not? And who doesn't want to see what some of the other combinations look like?! 5 stars. This was pretty much all we had time to do in Future World, so, as you can see, we missed a bunch. By now it was lunch time and we wanted to eat in Morocco and so we're off to World Showcase! World Showcase: This was astonishingly breathtaking when we first laid eyes upon the scene! Disney magic comes alive in complete recreation of lands far away. And yet, you're there; walking the streets, hearing the music playing, the language being spoken. Fragrant smells envelope you as your eyes take in the scenery. I had not really done any research before we left, so admittedly, I had no idea what to expect. I'm glad didn't as I could feel the excitement and wonder truly seeing all of this for the first time. My favorite part of this Disney World experience. Architecture and Design: Without a doubt, this is a class act and then some. Miniature counterparts to their real thing back home, these buildings were crafted with fine detail. Some say they don't look like the real thing. I wouldn't know. But, I will tell you that they were so beautiful and so well done in the way that Disney is so famous for; that you could certainly dream for that moment that you were there. Because, not only was the architecture authentic; everything else was too. The Disney magic! See it again? Definitely! We didn't have time for it all. 5 stars. Cast Members: These are definitely the friendliest bunch I have ever come across. Each Disney worker in World Showcase is an actual resident of the country he or she is working in. I had a blast talking with these delightful people and they made enthusiastic pin traders as well. 5 smiling stars! Food: It goes without saying that World Showcase has some of the best food offerings of any Disney park on either coast. The variety and choice that you have with that many countries represented is almost overwhelming. We had lunch in Morocco (4.5 stars), dinner in Mexico (2.5 stars). The amaretti and gelato in Italy were a solid 5 star snack! Come back just to eat? You know me! For sure!  It's a Disney food consumption paradise here. 4 star average here. Other Attractions: We didn't have time to see everything even in the countries we did visit. We managed to take in O Canada, Voices of Liberty, Reflections of China, Japanese Rice Candy Making (the 5 star winner of all!), and the Illuminations: Reflections of Earth fireworks extravaganza. We had not planned a viewing agenda for that show but chose to watch on our way out. Most of the earth part was not visible to us, but the synchronized lighting of all of the countries one by one was very cool, and who doesn't love fireworks! Reason enough to see these things again? Yup. Plenty to do here and have a different visit each time! 5 stars! Shopping: Each countries shops sell treats and treasures just from there! No Disney merch here. Very nice (and I love the Disney). As a Cali girl, I found the prices to be pretty nice too. Come back for more of same? Oh yeah! Many missed countries, so little time. 5 stars. Overall experience: A Disney 5 Stars!
I love Epcot, especially during the Food & Wine Festival. I never spent much time at Future World, but more and more that's improving.  The Mission: Space ride -- the calmer version -- is now palatable and fun, and the big golf ball ride as you enter the ride is now a LOT of fun, thanks to the Judi Dench narrative and the fact that they show you your future when your photo is taken.   I still love the World Showcase.  There's always a lot going on there.
Its all about the World Showcase and of course, the evening fireworks show.  These are my two favorite things in Epcot ... well, probably in Disney World altogether.   The rest of Epcot is alright but maybe a little outdated and in my opinion, not really worth the $75/day admission for the average consumer - a smarter option would be to offer tickets at half that price for either half day admission (since you can just about cover the entire park in a short amount of time if you walk nearly as fast as my family does anyhow) or for the World Showcase area alone.   As much as I do love the World Showcase, I wish that they would add a few more countries - maybe an Ireland, a Scotland and certainly an Australia .... but hey, as long as they keep Germany, I'll continue to make my sporadic appearances to merely wander amongst the shelves of steins while sipping my Becks and reminisce in the memory of sharing my first barvarian pretzel in that very spot with my Dad when I was a little girl.  And hell, that memory alone is certainly worth the lofty price of admission.
Oh, EPCOT....  You're up there amongst my favorite Orlando theme park funfests.  When that iconic, giant golf ball (Spaceship Earth) comes into view, it really is a thrill. We (boyfriend and I) went to Florida this past February, during what must've been the coldest week in the history of the state.  Could that freeze out our resolve to have fun?  COULD IT??? ....Only slightly.  Not really. It certainly didn't stop the tourist hordes, lemme tell ya.  We tried, at various points over two days, to get onto Future World's Spaceship Earth or Soarin', but whenever we went, the wait was at least 40 minutes.  We got through the remainder of Future World quickly - hence, we spent a good part of our time at the World Showcase. The World Showcase section of EPCOT provides bite-sized bits of various countries: Norway, the U.K., the U.S., Germany, Italy, France, Canada, Mexico, Japan, China, and Morocco are all represented.  Yes - they're all Disney-fied.  Not surprising, considering it's part of a Disney theme park.  I like to think of the World Showcase as a sort of kitschy good time that may pique the interest of some who'll then go on to visit other countries. The thing about the World Showcase is, I think, that it appeals to those who like shopping and sightseeing more than action and rides.  There're only one or two rides, but plenty of shows/movies (Reflections of China is interesting), performers, and demonstrations. And, of course, IllumiNations - the EPCOT fireworks show - was stunning.  Again, it's Disney; nothing less than spectacular is to be expected.
Intentionally skip a lot of things, and do what looks interesting.  Don't try to do everything...you will fail. In Future World, we hit Soarin' (it was pretty good), Mission Space (the 'Intense' version is, yes, INTENSE!), and got our picture taken with Mickey and Pluto (Thank you Disney Visa for that free private photo session...along with the free $250 Disney cash card!)   Shopping tip: Out of all of the parks, the best store we found for Disney clothing was here in Future World.  Big store!  And, if you are staying at a Disney property, don't forget that they will deliver to your hotel for free. That was it for FW.  Most of our time was spent in the World Showcase. (completed two times, in opposite direction the 2nd time.) And, to make things interesting for the kiddos (and even the parents), we completed 4 of the Phineas & Ferb Agent P's Adventures.  They give you a cell phone, send you off to one of the countries, and you have to track down clues, answer questions, and see interactive displays come to life.  While the phone is small and sometimes hard to see in the sun, or hear if there is a lot of noise, it was still fun!  And, it forces you to go into a lot of different nook & crannies that you may have otherwise avoided, so parents can browse different things while kids look for clues. Favorite locations were UK, Germany, Japan, and Norway.  Mexico & Italy were ok.  We entirely skipped China, America, and only skimmed France & Morocco. (We ate dinner in Morocco...but that is a different review.) The lightshow at the end of the day was anticlimactic.  Easy to see from lots of places, but slow. Great sports store in the UK.  Lots of soccer jerseys, reasonably priced. Great pastries in France.  They even have the very cute but very rude french girls working there, who will talk about you (in french) and giggle about silly americans to their friends while they are standing right in front of you.  Felt like France to me. FastPass Blurb (added to all 3 Disney Park Reviews):  As with all Disney Parks, if it is busy, you must utilize the FastPass system.  I just don't understand how people can waste 90-120 minutes of their day waiting in line.  If you plan out what you want to ride, start with the most popular rides and FastPass them first before the whole day of FPs are gone.  Hit smaller rides & food options between FPs.  It's not hard, it just takes a bit of planning! Mobile Magic App for Phones: Get it before you arrive.  GPS enabled maps with up to the minute info on wait times and special events is priceless.
Way too commercialized. I wish I could experience more of the local cultures of the countries instead of just stereotyped merchandise and mock food. Had good scenery around Italy, and fun performances in the German dinner places. (Polka) Staff is friendly. I enjoyed the fireworks. I really don't think I would go again though. Once is enough to explore everything there is. Not too big. Was jam packed during the holiday season.
Ahhh....Epcot is right up my alley.  Yeah they do have some attractions but I love to travel and here I can be in Canada before noon, stop by an English pub a half hour later, have a glass of wine in France and see a nice cinema show of the beauty of France.   Check out the textiles in Morocco....ohhh  ohhh...I am hungry for some sushi and some sake in Japan. Back in the USA before you you know it  and then I am off to have some gelato in Italy. Oh wait...it's Oktoberfest in Germany...hurry. Just what I need now is a pot of tea in China. Now I am ready for a Viking boat ride in Norway....watch out were going to go down a waterfall....YiKES! Now enter an ancient pyramid in Mexico.  Ahh it's nice and cool in here at it looks like a small Mexican village at night.  First a nice boat cruise then some tacos and a margarita. Whooosh!  I think it is time to head back to the hotel for a little nap before heading to Pleasure Island.
I love Epcot, i would have given it 5 stars except for one thing... many of the attractions are outdated. If they refurbished a few things, i would bump up my star rating. So much so see here its great. if your 21+ drink around the world, its amazing to try things from everywhere. EAT EAT EAT, this place is not scarce of new exciting exotic foods. MUSTS mission space test track beer in Germany finding nemo soaring over California I spent over 10 hours here when i visited and every minute was worth it. except for the rain, but it was refreshing to be cooled off. ponchos are only 7.99.
I love Epcot. This is the adult version of Disney, most kids groan when their parents want to spend the day here. But thankfully, Epcot has upped the ante and has some pretty cool rides for both kids and adults: Soarin (huge wait lines - definitely get a fast pass for this one), Mission Space, Tech Track. . . and then there are the countries where you can visit, enjoy some delicious food, and in some places enjoy a cute little video or ride. Can't wait to visit for the FOOD & WINE FESTIVAL or the FLOWER & GARDEN. Eventually, cause Epcot never disappoints.
If you're looking for thrills, Epcot is not the place.  If you are looking for education with a lot of sloooooooooooow rides..then this is it!  I went here alooong time ago.  I got really bored of how almost every ride was a sloow boat ride, or some other form of slow ride with an educational twist.  I felt like I was in school again.  The world village didn't impress me too much, maybe I missed something.  I was bored. The fast car ride...eh  not that cool. The one thing I liked and found surprising was that there was a rollercoaster inside that big white ball!!! wow..i never knew! that was the best part for me. Epcot pretty much made me not want to visit any other parts of Disneyworld. I was bored. I won't be recommending this to anyone.
I am glad that my first visit to Epcot was as an adult and not a child.  I would have been disappointed with the lack of rides.  But going there later in my life, I have come to truly appreciate what it offers.  There are a plethora of interactive and informational exhibits, and when considering the epic Florida heat and humidity during summer months it is a godsend.  I cannot tell you how many times I entered into an exhibit just to take advantage of the AC. The biggest draw of Epcot is the World Pavilion where you can fake traveling to China, Japan, Mexico, Canada, France, etc.  Not exactly the same as traveling to the country itself, but it does provide a taste of what the culture is like.  Disney's employment of cultural ambassadors, who are people from their representative countries, adds a little to the authenticity.  It is a bit more fun and interesting than just looking at travel brochures.   As far as Future World and others go, technology moves so quickly that the exhibits have a hard time keeping up.  Some things are waay unrealistic and Jetsons-esques, like the suitcase that packs itself. But I found that the real gem is the Epcot Food and Wine Festival  that occurs during the fall.  There are approximately 30 booths that you can sample foods from all over different areas of the world. It is not the best type of street food you will eat, but just gives you an idea. I do not think that going to Epcot could ever substitute for going to the actual country, but it is definitely a good way to stimulate your child's interest without the risk of getting killed by drug cartels, political unrest, catching a mysterious illness, or getting arrested and thrown in a foreign jail.
The world showcase is what makes this park stand out from the other Disney parks.  Epcot did an outstanding job presenting these countries.  I was truly impressed with each "country" of the park.  Not only did they have awesome architecture, but they also hired people of that native country!  Super cool, especially when you pass by co-workers conversing with one another in their native language :) I don't really recommend this park to kids, because once you head over to the world showcase area, there are very few rides.
On our Disney trip we started off at Magic Kingdom for the kiddies. After that soul sucking experience we went to Epcot. We were also super lucky to go there during the Food & Wine Festival. I freaking love Epcot, man. It was so amazing, I could have spent 2 days there, easily. Tasting around the world was a ton of fun, and there are all kinds of cool little shops, rides, and attractions. It definitely made up the Magic Kingdom experience for the adults, and the kids got to meet Mulan and Snow White, so they loved that. My one complaint was having to look all over to get milk for my daughter. The only place they sell it is at America. Disney, you know a billion kids are going, HOOK SOME MILK UP AT THE GENERIC STORE SHOPS AT LEAST, JEEZE. I wish England had a tardis. That would have been sweet. I can't wait to go back to Epcot, it was great.
This park is amazing!! My fiancée and I got to come here and share special moments together. We both haven't been here since we were 10.   Highlights..... Soarin, spaceship earth. Morocco in mexico was good for lunch but a little pricey. We didn't get to see the other countries but will tomorrow. Definitely one of the most beautiful parks.
If you have the time (and/or Disney Dining Plan) then I highly recommend 2 places to eat. Alfredo's in the Italian section, and the Mexican one inside the pyramid looking structure. If you are into "thrill rides" Epcot is not the place for you. If you want to enjoy other countries, and a more laid back experience, then this is going to be the best of the Disney parks to go to. For the "popular rides" (Soarin, Test Track, Mission Space) I would recommend being there when the gates open, getting a Fast Pass for one of them, and going to the line for the others. When we got there, there was maybe a 15 minute wait for Soarin, and not more than 25 for any other ride that we went on for our entire stay. The best advice I can give is HIT THE BIG RIDES FIRST THING IN THE MORNING!!! Otherwise you will be waiting 3 or 4 hours even with a Fast Pass. (1 to 1.5 hours to just stand in line) If there is a birthday, tell the Guest Services staff as well. They have a button that they give you to wear that does allow for some "special perks" (example: special b-day table decorations at a character breakfast, free deserts at most other "table service" places) Of all of the parks, EPCOT was where we spent most of our time, and most likely would be again.
Hands down my absolute favorite Disney park anywhere in the world. You can hit up Future World for the adventurous rides like Test Track, Mission Space, and Soarin, and then wander over to the World Showcase for a more relaxed vibe and plenty of good food. You can even ride a segway in Future world, if that's your thing. If you can, Epcot during the Food and Wine festival is probably the best time to visit. They have little booths set up, and you can eat tapas style in every country as you walk around the lagoon. They have beer and wine too, unique to each location. Spaceship Earth is, like you may imagine, a little dated. They spiffed it up recently with a neat arcade style room as you exit the ride though, and we blew a lot of time playing Doctor in a VR Surgery simulator. The viking flume ride in Norway is super fun in a cheesy sort of way, and you don't get really wet. I can never pass up getting chased by trolls and sent back in time. The water ride in Mexico is a really good way to relax in the AC after a long day in the park. Since it's inside, and kind of hard to find, there's sometimes no line, and you can just ride it a couple of times in a row. It used to just play cultural videos about Mexico, but they cheezed it up recently with Donald Duck and the other two Caballeros. Even though Japan doesn't have a iconic ride, it's still my favorite pavilion. The taiko drummers are seriously worth a watch, and the Mitsukoshi shopping area is a good reproduction of a Japanese department store. A good place to get your candy fix, and they'll even help you pick out and wear a fancy Kimono if you've got the coin. I've eaten at all three eateries at the Japan pavilion, and the little noodle house is probably my favorite. It's well priced for Epcot, and a bowl of tasty udon really fills you up. You can sit outside and listen to the wind blow through the trees in the little garden. The teppanyaki place is like a Benihana/Kobe type dinner and a show, and the sushi place is pretty okay. I was happy with the unagi they served, but less impressed with everything else. The fireworks at the end of the night are totally worth staying for - they use fire out on the lake, and it really is a huge production.
As an adult, I must say this was my FAVORITE PARK.  I saw the best parts of the world in this park. Went to Mexico grabbed a margarita and said GRACIAS MEXICANA!!! Then to Germany and grabbed one of their Beers to walk around. The to Japan to see this huge store of nothing but Japanese goodies from Candy to Shells they break in order to discover a pearl. My favorite Restaurant was the Hacienda from Mexico...super delicious food. Discovered some secret Mickeys Went on the Mission Space ride and It was cool to experience. Great shops to purchase Disney Gear and Items.  A wonderful park for couples to Enjoy!
Why bother going around the world in 80 days when you can just head to Disney World's Epcot? After all, this is one of the only parks that allows drinking for all us "big kids", in just a few hours you can eat and drink your way around the world. If you've never been to Epcot and are afraid you'll miss the park, just look for the big golf ball looking thing... and you'll know you're in the right spot! Other than Magic Kingdom, Epcot is my other favorite of the Disney World parks. I love to travel, and when I first came to Epcot as a little kid, I never saw a lot of these countries first hand. It's kind of cool now, many years later after I have traveled the world a little, to come back and see what inspired my travel bug. What makes Epcot so special is that you can travel to 11 different countries, all within your trip to Epcot. Each country's pavilion is decorated and brings a little bit of that country to Florida. At the Mexican Pavilion, you can take a tiny boat ride around Mexico, or enjoy some Mexican cuisine or throw back some drinks at the bar. Heading over to Norway, you can ride with the vikings and watch a video take you back in time. Head over to Japan to go shopping for some cute goodies, have a sake tasting, or go to China and watch an amazing acrobatics show while walking around the Temple of Heaven. If you want to listen to a live cover band of the Beatles or Oasis, head over to the UK or take a stroll through Paris. If you're looking for something more exotic, head over to Morocco and walk through the bazaar. The possibilities here are endless! There is so much to do in Epcot that is fun but also educational. If you really want to make this trip into something more goal oriented, pick up a Disney passport and go around collecting stamps from each of the countries. They'll also teach you a phrase or so in the native language! Fear not, there is plenty for youngsters and Epcot is not just for foodies or drunkies. There are shows at most countries and there are characters stationed at various parts of the park. Also there are many activities for them to complete at each country. At the end of the day, if you still have some energy left in your tank, stay until 9 PM and watch the fireworks display at the World Showcase Lagoon. Before planning your trip to EPCOT see if there are any special festivals going on during your stay- when I went this past April, I was able to see the The Epcot International Flower and Garden Festival with special Disney themed topiary and other floral displays!
Are you insane? Go to Universal. Or Magic Kingdom. Or slam your head repeatedly into your hotel room wall. Anything. Just don't go to Epcot. $90 at the entrance got us on four or five rides on a chill gray day last week. Highlights: -My friend chose the German language option for the big ride in the main golf ball thing, which involves as trip through human history. It fell completely silent during the 1930s-40s, while the English language version kept going audibly behind us! -Lion King-themed hippie propaganda about pollution around the food court was laughably bad, and absurd, considering the wanton over-consumption that is the food court at Epcot center. -Mission Space actually me black out. Such a change of pace from other rides! I'm 27 frigging years old though. I really have to hit the gym... eat better... something. -The Imaginationland ride features a dragon which farts on you. if you're into that. Really tied a ribbon on the experience.
As is the case for many others, this is our favorite Disney World park. There is so much to see and do here that few adults will ever be bored even after years of repeat visits. We should know; my husband and I have been annual pass holders for years. EPCOT is divided into two parts, Future World and World Showcase. Future World is where the rides and interactive exhibits are. World Showcase is a tiny sampling of culture in a few foreign countries. WS is not the part to take teenagers for thrill rides, of which there are none, or entertain toddlers with cartoon characters; there are none of the latter, either. But it's big enough and diverse enough to entertain thousands upon thousands of people without feeling overly crowded most of the time. The only caveat to that statement is to find a good place to watch the nightly fireworks show at least an hour beforehand. The BEST time to come here is during the annual spring garden show. The weather is great then, there are unique events galore, and the diversity of flower filled landscaping is absolutely breathtaking. Be sure to bring your camera!!!
Before I go any further, I must say - EPCOT is still my favorite park in the entire WDW complex.  It may be my favorite theme park ever.  In the whole world.  I know for a fact that it's still my parents' favorite vacation (well, next to Thailand), and my parents still say stuff like "remember the time at EPCOT when..." or during discussions (debates) about world hunger and the role industrialized nations need to play in eliminating this (yes, these are our normal dinner-time topics), my dad would whip out facts that he gleaned during our trip to EPCOT (20 years ago!), to support his arguments. When my parents first took us to Walt Disney World when I was 12 or 13, we spent 4 days in EPCOT.  Mostly because they hate roller coasters, but also because it was educational while being fun, and my parents were keen on making every vacation/outing/event an educational one for my brother and I.  I will admit, despite how crazy that sounds, to this day, I try to make every vacation or road-trip I take into a new experience and try to learn something new about where I am visiting.  Shhh, don't tell them, but I think my parents' crazy training paid off. This time around, I went with my best friend, her boyfriend and my husband, and while I was super keen on EPCOT, I could see all three of them rolling their eyes.  They could tell I was going to drag them through every crazy educational exhibit and start spewing facts like I was in the final rounds of Jeopardy.  Unfortunately for me, but fortunately for them - they outnumbered me, so I couldn't force factoids down their throat.  Heh. EPCOT is really split into two areas, the front half of the park is the educational stuff about loving the Earth, our future, our past and all that good stuff.  The second half is the World Showcase, which has little mini-sections of various countries.  Although every one tends to gravitate to the World Showcase, for me, the highlight is all the educational stuff.  The Living Land is still my favorite exhibit, as the hydroponic stuff is shown, and I don't care who you are, the sight of a 9 pound lime is just awe inspiring (do you have any idea how many margaritas can be made with a 9 pound lime?!?!)!  The best part is that the educational stuff?  No lines! To me, the World Showcase is an excuse to have silly ethnic souvenir shops.  Don't get me wrong - I still went in and spent WAY more then I should, but it's silly.  Also, I have to ask, what is up with the "Africa" showcase?  It was basically 3 huts that sold all the left over souvenir stuff from the other countries!  If I came from Africa, I would be really offended!  Especially as every other showcase was a country...this was an entire continent, and all it had were 3 lame huts.  Boo on that!  Regardless, we did have some marvelous food here, and the shops were cool.  In a way, it was rather fun to "travel the world" in only 4 hours...but then, I'm the kind of dork that enjoys silly things like that. The final topper, had to be the fireworks show.  Each park has a fireworks/lights show that closes out the park for the evening.  EPCOT's was a combination of fireworks and lasers, and if we hadn't just seen the Hollywood Studios show (which was over the top amazing), I would have been tremendously impressed.  As it was, it was incredibly cool, and inspiring. All in all, EPCOT forever and will be my favorite theme park.  Even if I did get motion sick on the Mission Space ride...causing me to throw up on Little Nemo ride immediately afterwards.  But that's a different story for a different day :)
EPCOT was before now my 2nd favorite Disney park.  After this most recent trip, however, I'll have to bump it down to least favorite.  This park is definitely low on the thrill rides.  Mission: Space was hands-down the best ride here.  Of course, I'm also a fan of slow-moving dark rides, so I was perfectly happy with Spaceship Earth and Living with the Land.  The Test Track, the other "thrill" ride here at EPCOT, wasn't as much fun as I remember.  The only exciting part is going really fast.  We didn't bother with Ellen's Energy Adventure.  I remember it being kind of fun, but my parents went on it and said it was really out-of-date and boring.   The big attraction, and one of the most recent additions, was Soarin'.  This had the longest wait time of any attraction in any Disney park, up to 120 minutes.  We had a fast pass, and it's good that we did, because I would've felt even more let down after waiting so long.  This ride is way too hyped up.  Don't get me wrong, it was pleasant, but just not as cool as I was expecting.  Flying over the water was the best part, and I like the idea of the different smells that waft through the theater (although the pine smell smelled more like a cheap pine-scented candle than real pine trees).  My reaction to the whole thing was "meh." If you like 3-D movies and nostalgia, make sure to see Captain EO!  I had only heard about this 80s movie starring Michael Jackson, as it was gone the first two times I went to Disney.  It's very trippy, and good for a laugh and to reminisce about the 80s.  I'm not sure, but I think they brought it back for either its 25th anniversary or after Michael Jackson's death (or both). They re-did the Seas pavilion and made it Finding-Nemo-themed.  I think they should have left it as it was.  Nothing against the movie; it's my favorite Pixar movie, in fact!  But the ride that takes you into the pavilion is pretty lame, and I don't think there are as many actual sea creatures as there used to be.  They still have the manatees, though, which made me happy. Innoventions was also not as good as I remember it being.  I remember more advanced technologies and interactive things; now it's more kid-centered, and there are boring attractions such as a fire safety lecture. On to World Showcase.  TIP: Unless you're into that sort of thing, DO NOT go during the Food and Wine Festival.  The crowds are thick and it's very hard to move among all the people, much less enjoy the scenery and atmosphere.  Even if I were into wine and drinks, I wouldn't have enjoyed it.  We only saw about 3 countries before we gave up and went elsewhere.  (If you're into Kawaii, definitely visit the huge shop in Japan...tons of Hello Kitty and other cute stuff.  I also enjoyed the British shops.)
A great park choice for this middle-aged couple without kids. We arrived way too early, 9:30am.  The front of the park was open for business, but no food or bev concessions until 11am or after.  And the circle of countries didn't even open until 11am. We Fast Passed the GM Test Track at 10am, and our timeframe was 1-2pm.  We tried FPing Mission to Mars but were denied because we couldn't FP another ride until after 12:15pm.  Not sure I liked this whole FP thing, but it is truly the way to go if you have to experience one of the more popular rides.  You come back during your appointed timeframe - you get your own special line and pretty much hop in front of the line of regular waiters. Test Track and Mission to Mars were great rides.  We went orange (extreme) on the Mars one, and I had to sit for a bit after to calm my tummy (which was full of pizza, bratwurst and beer).  I'm 'hippy' and had no issues fitting in to either, or any other, ride. Be prepared to spend some serious cash because after you've shelled out $50-130 per ticket you will also spend $18 for an individual pizza at the Italy stop, $15+ for a beer and brat at the Germany stop, $3 for a bottle of soda, etc, etc.  Our fav food was the fish and chips at the UK stop - just delicious. Very well maintained park, with manicured lawns and beautiful flower beds.  Plenty of super clean bathrooms.  We stopped in at the first aid station (blister alert!), and service was prompt and free.
We love Epcot.  It is a great park and has something for everyone.   Ride Soarin first thing in the morning as it gets crowded very quickly! The Chinese restaurant is our favorite, but the Japanese sushi place is also great!
Epcot is unique in many ways, one of which, it feels that it is 2 different parks. you have future world and the world showcase, one that feels like going to a convention center and another that is quite close to being perfect. Let's start out with Future World. As you walk into EPCOT you see spaceship earth ( that big golf ball) and subsequent buildings. But as you walk along, you will notice (especially if you are a Disney parks fan like I am) that the building have no theme to them. It looks like going to the Anaheim or Los Angeles Convention center, not a Disney park. The whole feel is more corporate park than amusement park, definitely does not have a Disney feel to it. They do have a few rides, Test Track and Mission Space being, in my opinion, the best. But even then it just does not feel like a Disney park, maybe something from Universal Studios or Six Flags, but not Disney. And to me, even as I write this, it makes me sad. Disney is the gold standard of parks, not necessarily by their rides alone, but rather the all encompassing atmosphere the park creates that takes you away from reality. Take Main Street at the Magic Kingdom or Disneyland, they bring you back in time to the turn of the century in a way that you see it only through a prism of positive outlook, the reality of how hard the times were never come through and that is the strength of Disney. But Future world, is not something that Disney should be so proud to say that they created. The second Part is the World Showcase, So close to perfection. The concept of the World Showcase is quite genius, bring a bit of each country to their area with people, items for sale and food following. Conceptually, it is a home run, execution is close but not perfect. The only thing I can really fault is the size, if they were to add some depth, maybe expand each land 20-30% so it feels like you can walk around in each country, rather than just look at a pocket of the representation of each country, it think it would be perfect. I am glad to say that this is more in line with what I was talking about in discussing the strengths of Disney. The food, atmosphere and the people do bring a great level of authenticity, the only thing I suggest is to increase the size and layout to bring forth that encompassing feeling that each country is so close to having.
World Showcase We were really excited to see the World Showcase and we were extremely disappointed.  Nothing but restaurant and over priced gift shops.   Future World:   This can only be the future world if I went there before 1980.  it was better than the World Showcase but not worth the admission cost. Best thing about Epcot:  The food at Boulangerie Patisserie Turkey and brie sandwich 41/2 star creme brulee 5 stars napoleon 3 stars -crust delicious but the cream was good but not great
Oh EPCOT, how I love thee, let me count the ways.. 1.) Black and Tan at the UK, 2.)Morroccan rum and watermelon with a splash of orange blossom, 3.) Italian Margarita's, 4.)Via Napoli artichoke truffle pizza, 5.)China Cantaloopy, 6.)Mexican Avocado margarita, 7.)Grand Fiesta Tour, and 8.) Spaceship Earth. Not only is that my love letter to EPCOT it's also my itinerary when I go there. World Showcase is FANTASTIC!!!!! It doesn't matter if you're just walking around, or if you're trying to eat, or if you're trying to pretend like it is just one giant bar. Anyway you look at it World Showcase is where it's at. Plus it makes for some AMAZING shopping! As for a theme park, EPCOT is by far my favorite I LOVE everything about it. It has been my favorite park since I was a child. Future World is pretty legit too though I hardly ever have time to get to it before the park closes. One of the best parts about EPCOT is even though it can get packed, the park is HUGE so there is always room to walk and you barely get hit by one of those strollers being guided by moronic tourists. Unlike some of the other parks where you spend most of your day weaving and bobbing trying to shimmy your way around the park. EPCOT's nighttime spectacular "Illuminations" is also my favorite out of all the other theme parks fireworks show. DEFINITELY is you are in the area and sketchy about dropping the money on a park, EPCOT is the one you want to do it at. Trust me, you'll thank me later.
Its a Disney park.  Everything is magical, the staff is so nice I think they might be pod people, and the rides are so well kept you'd think they just finished building them.  No other amusement parks compare for quality.
I really couldn't appreciate EPCOT as a kid... and going back as an adult, I know exactly why.  It's kind of limited as far as the rides go, and when I was a kid there was even less. That being said, this time around I thoroughly enjoyed all that EPCOT had to offer. The World Showcase is so much better 20 years after the last time I was here.  I can obviously appreciate the different cultures a lot more.  Especially since I've had the opportunity to actually visit some of these countries over the years. My #1 suggestion if you're coming to EPCOT for dinner at one of the various countries... MAKE RESERVATIONS WELL IN ADVANCE! Especially if it's Le Cellier Steakhouse, in Canada... 6 month waiting list, NO JOKE! The nightly fireworks and laser show, "IllumiNations: Reflections of Earth" which takes place over the World Showcase Lagoon, is absolutely amazing!  It's a perfect way to end a evening, especially if you can time your meal to end just as it's starting... like I did our final night at Disney World.
Don't think I can ever enjoy the entertainment designed for a crowd/mass rather than one that appeals to the individual imagination and creativity. A couple of interesting attractions, but most are ok for children, and not good enough for a well travelled adult. Different country representations take the least interesting Non-travelled-crowd recognized symbols and characters. Hope people don't feel like they came close to actually visiting the country.  Enjoyed the visit of the local Orlando botanical garden WAY more. The price of admission $95 per person (incl tax) is way too much for the amount of actual enjoyment received. Sorry, just did not like this, and felt stupid for being part of the crowd.
Now THIS is the kind of park I'm talking about! Epcot is definitely for the big kids. We were here from January 25-February 2 and the park was empty. We were able to experience the entire World Showcase in about 2 hours, and then did it again later that night when we came back for the Illuminations firework show. We didn't go on all of the rides, but here's a recap of the ones we did: 1) Soarin' - The wait was about 20 minutes long. Same as the one in California. 2) Maelstrom in Norway - No wait! This is a boat ride and when hubby and I walked in we got an entire boat to ourselves. Fun! 3) Mission: Space - About a 10 minute wait. Tip: Don't be overly ambitious and do the advanced one. That's what we opted for and I felt nauseous after. There was way too much G-Force it wasn't enjoyable for me at all. 4) Living with the Land - About a 5 minute wait. I really enjoyed this boat ride! It was very long and educational. 5) The Seas with Nemo and Friends - Cute "shell" ride. Definitely for kids, or the kid in you! 6) El Rio del Tiempo in Mexico - No wait! Inside Mexico is really beautiful and this boat ride was nice. If you're visiting without children, I recommend focusing on the World Showcase more than Futureland. What makes the countries so authentic is that the cast members working in them are from that country. It's really a great experience.
We went to Epcot in late August when the crowds were very low. Ride times were very short for most attractions, although it's still good to get fast passes for Soarin' and Test Track. Despite forecasts for thunderstorms during the time we were there, they never materialized, and we got partially cloudy weather, which was actually preferable to direct sun. For adults not traveling with kids, the World Showcase is probably the most exciting. The Futureworld section definitely looks dated, and the attractions aren't all that futuristic. One hidden gem that hasn't been mentioned before is the Kim Possible World Showcase Adventure. Usually you'll see families with kids doing this, but even if you're adults, don't pass this up! It's a really interactive scavenger hunt where you'll take on the persona of secret agents aiding Kim Possible and friends. You'll be given a cell phone from which you communicate with Wade, the computer geek, and he'll give you places to go in order to help stop some villain from taking over a particular country. As you find your way to the spot, you'll be given instructions to activate something, and some cool event will happen. Just as one example, in Germany, the cell phone will activate the large cuckoo clock overlooking the entire Pavillion. These are a great way to explore the different countries (currently, only Mexico, Norway, China, Germany, Japan, France, United Kingdom have scavenger hunts) and see exciting, hidden features in each of them. Overall, each scavenger hunt takes 20-30 minutes, so if you do all 7 countries, it'll provide up to 3.5 hours of entertainment. Finally, if you need a break from waiting in lines all day for rides, we'd recommend enjoying the entertainment inside each country. For example, we enjoyed seeing the World Showcase Players put on an interactive comedy skit, hearing a Beatles-like band play well-known hits, the Voices of Liberty a cappella group, and a very talented musician play classical Chinese music.
I visited EPCOT in March and, except for a thoroughly enjoyable, if brief ride on Soarin' the whole park was a huge letdown.  EPCOT used to be my favorite Diz park when I was an impressionable lad in the '80s.  My first visit to EPCOT was so significant I remember it today - which is why I am so heartbroken to have paid something in the neighborhood of $70 for a THOROUGHLY TIRED '80S RE-HASH of an amusement park.  The low point was the movie at the Canadian pavilion - unchanged after all these years. GOOD GOD, DISNEY - CLOSE THIS PARK FOR LIKE 2 YEARS AND TOTALLY UPDATE IT FOR CRYING OUT LOUD!
First time visitor at 45 yrs old. Wife had been there a few times before my time (20+ yrs ago). Not a cheap place to visit, but we had a blast. Spent 9 hours there, all the way through the great fireworks show at 9 p.m. Clean, fun, plenty to do, plenty to eat and drink. Will go back next time in Orlando
Epcot is my favorite Disney park.  It has a lot of great things going for it: 1.  Space.  Epcot has the "blessing of size", as Walt Disney himself said about his Florida Project.  It is exceedingly easy to get around in the park.  You never feel like cattle being herded together as you might at the Magic Kingdom, even during closing times. 2.  Fireworks.  Epcot has arguably the best Disney fireworks display, called Illuminations: Reflections of Earth.  Unlike at the Magic Kingdom, where it can sometimes be difficult to see all the shells, it is very easy to follow the entire show from almost anywhere around World Showcase Lagoon.  I have my favorite spots for viewing, but I would rather not share them publicly lest I find myself looking for new ones :-)  You can watch amateur video of the show on YouTube, but there's really nothing like seeing it in person.  The Christmas show, which runs every December, is easily worth the price of admission. 3.  Food.  Epcot has some of the best theme park food anywhere.  Sure, you can get simple burgers, chicken nuggets, and fries, but you can also eat around World Showcase Lagoon.  By themselves, the restaurants are mostly great, with a few exceptions (I didn't particularly care for Morocco's counter service restaurant, which I have reviewed separately).  The Epcot International Food and Wine Festival is amazing - really one of the highlights of the year. Epcot isn't perfect.  There are some attractions worth skipping - I haven't been particularly impressed with Journey Into Imagination or Universe of Energy.  And some of the restaurants are very difficult to get into without an ADR (Le Cellier and Teppan Edo in particular).  And, there is a lot of walking, hence the nickname "Every Person Comes Out Tired".  However, there is Friendship boat service on World Showcase Lagoon daily between around 11am and 7:30pm, as the boats have to clear the lagoon for the nightly fireworks at 9.  So, that will get you off your feet for a bit. Epcot is great for all ages, and there's more to do than I can possibly encapsulate in one Yelp review.  Check it out, have some great food, watch a fantastic fireworks show, and take your time.  Epcot takes a while to fully take in, and once you have, something new will pop up to try.  Definitely spend some time here when you're on vacation at Disney or in Greater Orlando!
Drinks for the adults and rides for the kids. What else can you ask for. Great place.
EPCOT is pretty darn cool. It's hard to pick a "favorite" park at WDW because they all have things that appeal to me. But here's what I like about Epcot: Future World: -- Soarin' is such a cool ride (attraction?). It's exhilarating. But waiting in line sucks, even with a FastPass. Definitely get a FastPass though. -- Spaceship Earth is pretty nifty. Who doesn't like the soothing tones of Dame Judi Dench telling them about earth's history? -- Journey into the Imagination is a little silly, but it's cute and fun. And you'll be singing that song for ages. -- Test Track was redesigned since our last visit and now you can design your own car and test it out. Tip: if you don't want to bother with Fast Passes, and don't mind being split up, try the single rider line. It goes much quicker usually. Bonus pro tip: You can design a car ahead of time in the Chevy area at the end of the ride and have it ready to go! -- Mission Space. I have now been on the Green version. I don't think I could manage the Orange one but the Green version is cool, a spiffy little flight/motion simulator that makes you feel like an astronaut. -- The Seas/The Land -- a little nerdy but fun. Visit Nemo. Learn about cool ag stuff. See the fishies! Plus Sunshine Seasons (in the Land) is one of the best quick serve spots around. World Showcase: I'm such a nerd. I love this stuff. Multiple international flavors all in one spot? Beer, wine and liquors from around the world? So great. Pair it with the Food & Wine Festival and you have a winner. A few favorites: -- Norway, with its weird little ride and cute little bakery (get a pastry!) -- France, especially the beautiful film full of gorgeous scenery -- Morocco, with the cutest cafe and deeeelicious pita and shawarma. Get the lamb. You'll thank me later. All of the countries are cool, though, for reals. I know it's not the same as actually visiting them, but it's a little bit of culture and international experience without the hassle of actually visiting 11 different countries.
DISAPPOINTED! The last ride of the day that I was looking forward to and waited so long even with a fastpass.... IT CLOSES DOWN(TEST TRACK)! What made it worse was when we were all waiting and literally at the door where everyone loads... it malfunctions and the worker had to tell everyone to leave with a rude attitude! Argh...
I feel like you come to appreciate Epcot SO MUCH MORE when you are older.  Well, pretty much when you become of age to participate in a little adult bevvie!   Let's talk eating around the world first.  It's amazing!  This park is the only one that actually contains fantastic food in it.  And it should, considering that's what you come here for.   Mexico was just remodeled and it looks awesome!  Couldn't even get into the new Tequila bar because it was so packed!  I loved eating in Morocco, with great food (hello lamb) and fantastic entertainment with belly dancers while you dine!  I love Italy (dah!) for the wine and some of the most fantastic gnocchi I've ever had....not to mention the great wine flight you can buy in the little wine store.  Japan and China have thee best gift shops, hands down, with some fun and different types of things from the countries.  If you end up drinking too much, you may end up with a kimono (like two really inebriated men did last time I visited!).  I love England for the pub and cider, and of course, the tea shop!  I just could go on and on and on!   If you look at Epcot from the ride/theme park point of view I think it's kind of lame.  I mean, Mission Space had it's moment and Soaring is definitely worth the wait.  I also enjoy The Living Seas, which is actually a pretty large aquarium, complete with Manatis!  But I can't really tell you much else that's a must see on that side.   So go eat and drink around the world, much cheaper than a real trip and you don't even need a passport!
Magical!  Let's do it again!!
Hello world. You can ride, eat, and enjoy your time here.  Whether you want to get your Irish, Mexican, or Japanese on, there are food and drink options you can choose from at the world showcase.  I was jumping from one country to the next with a margarita in my hand and chowing down on a frankfurter.  All of those damn pastries in France looked so good, but I didn't get a single one.  Boo for me ;P  The rides are kid and adult friendly.  One of my favorites is the test track.  Illuminations booms everyone away :)  Also, the food and wine festival takes place at this very magical spot in the fall time.  It is a must do if you have not done it before.   Until next time.
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME Great restaurants in the World Showcase and the rides are incredible.
What's not to love about Epcot? Great fireworks, friendly staff, awesome rides, you can drink and eat around the world. What you want tacos for lunch, crepes for a snack, and sushi for dinner? DONE.  Pretty awesome.  We really enjoy the rides and the sweet hibachi restaurant.  The one flaw is that I couldn't find anything healthy in the morning. I wanted a banana so badly and it took me over a half hour to find a place to buy one.  Answer - inside the Starbucks. There are WAYYYY too many donut stands Disney.  Why are we catering to the obesity problem in this country? They also have some crazy burger concoctions like macaroni and cheese and hotdogs on a burger.  I would like to see healthier options in the future when I return.
Ok who gave Epcot less than 5 stars?! This is like two theme parks in one with the world showcase on one end and the regular theme part with rides on the other. The rides are fun but the real thrill for me in this park is world showplace. I have traveled to many of the different countries in this part of the park and touring around is like a mini vacation within a vacation, but without immigration and 10 hour flights. It must also be said that the food at this park is some of the best on property. I am guilty of coming just for dinner. (Annual pass holders) I would say this is my favorite park and if you were visiting for the first time here are my tips. - This park takes two days to do well - Make dinner reservations at Italy, this is real Italian food. - Must ride attractions: Spaceship Earth, Mission to Mars, Soaring, Racetrack, Maelstrom (fave ride) and the land with Ellen (it's corny but it's awesome) - You must see the firework show while standing around the lake. The restaurant option is not the same and it's not as enjoyable - Visit the shops in each country, they are an experience in themselves even if you buy nothing - Talk to the people in each country. Disney brings people from their respective countries and it's a fabulous opportunity to learn about their countries for those who have never been. - As much as you would think otherwise, don't eat in France, it's nothing like French food in France. - If you're over 21 and a foodie do what we do, don't make a reservation but start in Canada and drink and nibble your way around the countries. This is easier with a few people than alone because you can do things like split a bratwurst in Germany and a pastry in France. We never split booze for some reason :) Warning: Do NOT ride mission to Mars after doing this you will get SOOO sick. Actually, I recommend you not ride this on the intense route ever, it's a sure fire way to get sick. - Take a few hours out of one day to walk around the resorts that are connected via walking path to Epcot. They can be a really great reprieve for when you over heat or are just parked out. You can also take the boat which is a nice relaxing ride and takes you to all the hotels should your feet not be in walking form.
Epcot is definitely for adults, It's "magical" in a different way if you know what I mean(alcohol.) wink wink ;)
I really like this park especially the world part but I wish there was more rides in that part. I like that it's not nearly as crowded as the other parks. I really like the parts that I got to see including innovations. I like the nemo part and the rides were good and the talk with crush. I really liked it
Epcot is a decent way to spend a day, but it feels like it could use a little modernization. The Fast Track ride is fun, but it loses its thrill with repeated ridings. Definitely not worth the wait in a long line. If it's available, look for the entrance for "single riders." As long as you don't mind going in a separate car from your friend, you'll skip out on about 75% of the line. The international flare is what makes this park unique and interesting, but I just don't know that there's really enough to keep me entertained for a full day. I could spend half a day here and feel like I've had my fill.
The best ride here was MISSION SPACE.   You can feel real G forces, and is much better than anything at any park in Socal.  If you come go on this several times, it's worth the wait. Lots of hot chicks here too.
I don't know what I can say about the Disney Parks that everyone else hasn't said - so I guess I will I give a quick run down of what rides you HAVE to go on.... Soarin Test Track Mission Space Of course these are the ones that everyone wants to go on, so make sure you get your fast passes for these three rides. And of course - when in Epcot - visit every Country. It is breathtaking. Oh and little known fact - Everyone that works in the Countries are actually originally from that Country. Pretty Cool.
EPCOT is one of my favorite parks.  I have visit EPCOT 5 times and enjoyed it every time.  I like the world showcase.  It has different nations and each has its own store and food. I diner at Les Chefs de France, Akershus Royal Banquet Hall, Biergarten Restaurant.  Each is unique.  I will need to try out others. Soarin has long line and it is worth it. Character spot has Disney 5 main characters.  A great place to take photo for all of them.
Best disney parks for adults. Nice shopping and restaurants of fairly good quality and certainly most diverse in the Disney parks. Get fast pass for test track and soaring first. They tend to finish their fast pass midday especially during peaks days. You can ride test track as single rider which significantly reduces wait times.
Best way to visit this place is in the evening when the sun it's going down and all the lights light up omg very nice
Epcot is the best park for some good ol' fashioned drinking around the world! Personally, the key for me is to start on the Canadian side because if I started out with a margarita in Mexico (not one of the frozen slushy ones outside, but a REAL margarita in the Tequila bar inside), I would be flat on my a$$ about halfway around the world! Sometimes the cast members at the various countries seem a little rude but hey, I can't really blame them since I think I'd be in a foul mood if someone imported me to a cheesy replica of America then made me deal with tourists all day every day! Overall, this park is best for drinking, shopping, and eating. One tip: Look carefully, because within most countries there is a hidden wine bar within the shops that you might miss. (Sake bar in the food shop in Japan, wine bar in the clothing shop in Morocco, etc)
EPCOT is always a blast! I love the festivals and experiences.
This is great for shopping and what not but for heaven's sake do NOT bring your husband here unless you like a real killjoy. This is like a big shopping empire, and it is not very good for men. Look at the five star reviews. I like to drag my husband along everywhere with me should I need someone to talk to, watch my daughter, and/or complain about everything, so I took him here and let me tell you he was NO fun. Not even a little. He said the fireworks here were better than those at the Magic Kingdom but he said that after I let it be known that his killjoy tendencies were spoiling my Epcot fun. So minus one star for nothing to keep the men entertained for those of us that are confined to them. Baby loved "the ball!" or what is it, Epcot center? The ride inside was interesting and it was nice to be able to take her on it! But if you're a woman and your husband is at all "frugal" you might want to skip the shopping attraction unless you can go with some lady friend (or daughter-alone.)
I first visited in 1983 when the park was new. A few of the attractions have not changed and the movie in France is still the same 26 years later. The Land is a lesson in hypocrisy with a ride that tauts sustainability and yet the cafeteria nearby does not recycle. Spaceship Earth got an upgrade from my last visit and I liked the interactive on board displays but ours crashed at the end and we got to watch Microsoft reboot. Fun. Ironic that Figment's ride is utterly lacking in imagination. I loved the belly dancers in Morocco. Loved Crush's interactive show at the Living Seas. I'll always love Mexico but in the end it's a lot of walking and not as much magic as the Magic Kingdom.
MISSION: SPACE. Must go back and ride it again. If I went to Epcot as a child, I think it would've bored me to death but I enjoyed it a lot (I was 22 I think?) Magic Kingdom is more for the little ones.
Had a good experience at the German Bier garden last night at Epcot.   Made reservations early that morning for dinner, and upon signing in the wait was approx 10 minutes.   Schnitzel, sauerkraut, brats, strudel, 1 liter beer glasses...  very very yummy.    We now want to find a German restaraunt back home.   Also... the entertainers had many of the kids dancing wildly.   Ziggy! Zaggy! Oye! Oye! Oye!
It's nice place even with the rain....actually its kind of nice. It does make things kind of smelly but the turkey legs make up for it. And where else can you walk into multiple countries in the span of one day? Ok...maybe not...you'd probably need a week to check out every nook and cranny this place is hiding but I had a schedule. I checked out the main things that interested me...even though I know that it's not quite like it...but it's not bad for Orlando. Kind of like when you go to Vegas and check out the themed hotels....they aren't quite exactly like the real place they are copying but it's good enough. And the fireworks is always worth watching.... there's no heat at night!!!! you know me and heat ;P
LOVED Epcot, such a fun day!!  Most unique park, especially if you've been to Disneyland before, so I'd mark this as a "Must See" attraction when visiting Florida. THEY HIRE PEOPLE FROM EACH COUNTRY! There were blond German students working the biergarten, Italians serving gelato, and we chatted with our waiter from Morocco at dinner!! The World showcase was ridiculously pretty, such attention to detail. Disney does not disappoint :) The world part opens later than the Future World area, so we did those rides first. You can customize maps and read about the rides on Disney's website, so I'll just list a few of my favorites here: FAVORITES: - Test Track ride - Mission Space ride (intense!) - Voices of Liberty show! - Spirit of America, Fife & Drum show (America pavilion, check for times) - Marrakesh restaurant (in Morroco pavillion) - San Angel Inn (indoor restaurant, Mexico pavillion) - Super-nice, international staff :) *Tip: if you can plan to come in the Spring, they have the Flower & Garden festival, with plant sculptures of Disney characters :)
EPCOT is a wonderful way to spend a day while you're at Walt Disney World - it's a must-see. When you enter, you've got rides! Rides straight ahead, rides to the right, and rides to the left. We started with the spaceship, which was a lot of fun and includes some cool pictures of you worked into your little vehicle. Say cheese! We then headed over to The Land and checked out several of their rides, plus the behind the scenes seed tour. Sound boring? Maybe for some, but it's a must if you're into gardening. It costs $18 extra per person, but it was well worth it. The tour lasts about an hour. We also checked out Captain EO (of course) and Soarin'. Lots of people say Soarin' will terrify you if you're scared of heights, which I am. I enjoyed the attraction with no real issues. If you start to freak out, just look to the side or close your eyes. Then, of course, there's what Epcot's known for: The World Showcase. You walk around the lagoon, from land to land - and this is about the only pace is WDW where you can walk around with an alcoholic drink in your hand. I recommend the orange grand marnier ice thing... can't remember exactly what it was called, but I know I loved it!
I love all the Disney parks! I don't have a favourite. Epcot is a wonderful theme park to go to especially since there are different countries you can visit including England, Germany, France, and Italy. The show featuring Michael Jackson I loved because I absolutely love MJ! The ride in the beginning in the ball is ery interesting...it's actually one of my fav rides here because it shows history. Very relaxing ride...great place to go when it's hot outside and you want to relax and cool down for 20 mins or so. Test Track is pretty fun...I really enjoy this ride. & Mission Space I've only done once. Don't like this ride as it  makes me ery dizzy and lightheaded I'm afraid to go on it again. The Umbrella near the enterance is my fav place to eat apart from the wonderful food places in every country in the park.
WooHoo...my 100th review goes to Epcot. I have nothing but good to say about Epcot! It's definitely a kids world at Disneyworld, but for Epcot it's for both kids and adults! This was my third visit in Epcot and the last time I visited was in 2000, so there have been some changes, but the classics are still there. Where to begin! Ever wonder what's in that BIG iconic Epcot ball. It's an actual ride. Not a roller coaster of any sorts, but a ride through time. They've done some technological updates to the ride since I last visited, but I'll leave out the details and let you give it a try. Adult playground this is! With rides like Test Track and Mission Space, Epcot definitely knows how to pull out the big guns. Test track is a high rollin', high speed ride that will take you from 0 to 60 in 3 seconds! Maneuvering  through car tests in a tracked convertible is what it's all about at Test Track, and it's definitely a MUST DO! Mission Space is something else. There are two levels (green and orange). I won't give away too much, but let's just say those that get motion sickness may want to give the orange level a second thought. Just think spinning, spinning and lots of more spinning, fully equipped with barf bags for those that can't handle it...but for those that can, you're in for a ride. Those that can't, no worries--try out the green,, I hear they leave out the spin. Soar through California in Soarin' and for being a native of California it was such a pleasurable experience! (Sights, sounds and yes even smells all included). And as if it couldn't get any better, you can walk around the world all in one day! With a few attractions, stores and dining options in between, the world showcase will make your eyes gleam with interest! What I love best about Epcot is both kids and adults can learn a thing or two at the park. It's definitely an educational journey, one that I appreciate and acknowledge. Great for parents with children that love learning! Here's a quick tip. During the winter months the Disney parks don't get busy. I chose to buy an afternoon pass (good to use for after 4 PM).  The pass was a good 50% off the normal price, and since the lines were short, at times non-existent I was able to check out all the major attractions, and take a leisure stroll through the World Showcase all in 5 hours. And to top it off, the AMAZING Illuminations did exactly what the name stated. This is the place to be after a night of fun. Illuminations lights up the sky and the water. Plenty of fire, lasers, fireworks and lights for the crowd to see and enjoy! AMAZING! I'm definitely coming back!
This is the best DISNEY PARK Lets start with the countries - Mexico and Norway has boat rides and are the best China and Canada has movies and the other countries have souvenier stores but its fun to go thru each country and different architecture from the outside - You can easily spend 2 days in this park Soarin is the best ride at disney Illuminations were awesome and try to stand away from the boat docks as they kinda block the view of the Globe Mission Space made me dizzy but was okay i guess The games inside the spaceship globe are okay The making your own rollercoaster ride is fun but stormwatch is the same area is a waste of time
Favorite Disney park. Easily. Yes, I know the building facades are all made of plaster. And also that I'm not really any closer to France, Italy, China, Japan, etc... when I'm in the World Showcase. That being said, this place holds almost infinite nostalgic value, as my family almost regularly vacationed here during my childhood. I remember being mortified by the three-headed troll in Norway's "Maelstrom", and quipping at my dad's video camera "it really is a small world after all" with the various country pavilions in the background when I was 10 years old. I really feel the World Showcase half is in need of an update, but I don't feel that'll happen anytime soon. Some of my favorite attractions (yeah, still) are the Mariachi Cobre in the Mexico pavilion (actually, the pavilion itself is pretty sweet, with the faux nighttime-square decor and the hilarious fake little "volcano"), the Beatles cover band in the UK pavilion, and the Test Track ride. I also remember blowing a full day in the Innoventions building when I was 10 or so, playing the what seemed like limitless kiosks of free video games. The Spaceship Earth attraction inside the big golf ball (or the geosphere if you're a geek) is also pretty cool. These types of "informative" rides don't really hold much water in the days of wikipedia and fast, accessible online research - but I find if you treat them kind of like a movie and suspend your disbelief, they can be quite entertaining. During my college years, this place was great to escape to every few weeks to do some architectural drawing studies and people watching/drawing. If you live or go to school in Florida, the in-state resident discount is a steal. Sure, Disney (and especially Epcot) doesn't have the most "extreme" rollercoasters or thrill rides, but I find the escapism of stuff like the World Showcase to be much more rewarding. And yes, you are awesome if you know what "Epcot" stands for.
If you're like me and are too poor to take a trip around the world then just do what my wife and I did and go to EPCOT, the poor mans way to travel the world! Out of the four theme parks located at the Walt Disney World Resort, EPCOT is by far my favorite. Even though all Disney parks are geared towards fun for the whole family, EPCOT definitely appeals more to the adult crowd. Don't get me wrong, there are tons of attractions and activities for children at this park but the main draw for EPCOT is their World Showcase. World Showcase highlights the art, architecture and culture of eleven different countries. And of course this includes specific food and alcohol that is synonymous with those countries (Mexico has tequila, Germany has beer, etc). Besides food, art and beautiful architecture, some countries in the WS also offer rides, movies and plays that highlight their country. Each individual country also offers special activities for kids, like drawing stations, face painting, dance lessons and much, much more. These are the eleven countries that are highlighted at World Showcase; America yelp.com/biz_photos/NvAY… Canada yelp.com/biz_photos/NvAY…   China yelp.com/biz_photos/NvAY…   France yelp.com/biz_photos/NvAY… Germany yelp.com/biz_photos/NvAY… Italy yelp.com/biz_photos/NvAY…   Japan yelp.com/biz_photos/NvAY… Mexico yelp.com/biz_photos/NvAY… Morocco yelp.com/biz_photos/NvAY… Norway yelp.com/biz_photos/NvAY… United Kingdomhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/NvAYQvjLxwGC­-kcWzbg_oA?select=KK39OsKYMPOtqRNBQmpekg   Out of the eleven countries in the WS, Germany was my favorite. I loved all the different German beers that were available, the bratwurst stand, the Werther's Caramel shop, the cuckoo clock store, the many different varieties of ceramic and glass beer steins you can purchase and, of course, the gorgeous German women who work in the showcase (Yes, each country actually has people from that particular country working in that area). If you're over the age of 21 and enjoy adult beverages then World Showcase will probably be the highlight of your WDW visit. If you start at one end of WS and go from country to country, having a different alcoholic beverage in each country, by the time you get through all eleven countries you will be feeling pretty damn good. And if you're staying at one of the resorts that are located inside of WDW, you can take advantage of their free shuttles back to your hotel and get really plastered. Besides the World Showcase, EPCOT has Future World, which is where all the other attractions, shows, shops and eateries are located. This is just some of the attractions and shows that can be found inside of Future World; Test Track- High speed car ride Soarin- Same as California Adventures Soarin Over California Mission Space- Travel to mars on this simulated space adventure REIMAGINED! Spaceship Earth- This is the attraction in the big EPCOT ball. The Circle of Life- Short film with featuring the cast of The Lion King At the end of the night EPCOT has a nighttime spectacular called Illuminations; Reflections of Earth, featuring fireworks, lights, lasers and water effects. This show may not be the best Disney nighttime show I have ever seen but it is still worth checking out. When visiting WDW I highly recommend you spend a day at EPCOT. Again, if you're over the age of 21 you will definitely have a blast here. And if your like me and enjoy all types of cuisines, you will be in Heaven at EPCOT. Just make sure if you do go to EPCOT go with a HUGE appetite because there are so many delicious dining options located inside this park.
Epcot is sorta like a school field trip... It's super fun to be out and about, but there's always someone trying to throw in a little education in on the fun.   Me? I loved it.  But then again, I'm a bit of a thrill ride wimp. It's divided into 2 parts.  The first being Future World.  The must do's in this section are: 1. Test track- Ride this first and get a fast pass as you leave.  We left the park at around 2-3pm and they already ran out of fast passes.  We gave ours to another family cause the fast pass line was still about a 30 min wait. 2. Soarin- Skip this if you've rode the one in California Adventures.  It's exactly the same. 3. Mission Space- It's a motion simulator ride. We rode the green, which is the less intense version, and it was still pretty cool.  The other version, orange, uses a spinning motion to simulate space travel.  Ah, no thanks.  I'd rather keep my lunch down. 4. Nemo ride- Eh. The Nemo Submarine at Disneyland is so much better. This was cute at best. 5. The ride in the big white ball- I totally forgot the name.  It's entertaining as well.   Part 2: World Showcase. 11 countries, 1 theme park.   My advice: Get the passport for the kids before you start your tour around the world.  It's sold at any gift shop and costs about $10. It makes it fun for the kids, otherwise, it's pretty damn boring. Don't get all excited and order a ton of food from the first country you visit.  You'll regret not having any more room.  Treat it like the county fair and order 1 dish and split it.  Then you can eat at all the countries. Brats and Pretzels in Germany...a must. In the end, we did mostly everything in this park, and still finished with half a day left.
Love EPCOT! Always a pleasure to see this magnificent place!
Our first excursion to one of the parks was to Epcot.  We had spent the day listening to timeshare sales talk (to get free tickets the space center), then we went to Kennedy Space Center.  After driving back from KSC, I thought it would be a good idea to activate our passports so we didn't have to do it the day of the wedding.   It was very easy to activate the passports, there are no pictures for them (WDW does fingerprints, DL has the photos).   I love walking around World Showcase ... especially trying wines.  I like that the cast members are from the different countries.  We would talk to them about their homelands.   We went on rides in Future World.  Test track was nice.  I will not be going on the full version of Mission Space ... I don't like getting motion sickness.   Can't wait to go back, which will hopefully be in the fall for the Food and Wine Festival!
LOVE Epcot! It still holds some of the 80's nostalgia from when I was little. The World Showcase has the best Disney food (minus Mexico- yuck!) The Finding Nemo ride was awesome for the kids, and we loved being there for the Flower and Garden Festival. Some of the rides and exhibits need some updating like Captain EO and Imaginiation with Figment ride. Screams 1980's! Test track is cool and of course the iconic Spaceship Earth. Granted there isn't much for little kids to do, but I still love love love it! Epcot holds a special place in my heart.
Probably one of the best of the Disney parks for a couple on their honeymoon. You get to feel like you're travelling around the world without the cost or long hours of travel. Well, not really, but if you drink a beer in every "country" in the World Showcase it certainly helps to create that effect. The greatest thing about Epcot is that while it does have many of the materialistic trappings of any park owned by Disney, you do feel like you're learning a bit when you go here. The food offerings are better, too. And did I mention beers around the world? There are 12 countries with at least one beer on tap at snack carts. I think Germany has the biggest selection, with 4 beers on tap in their Biergarten buffet. I only made it through 10 of the 12, though America was one of the offerings I missed. I told my wife I had to drink them all in the name of world unity, but she seemed to think I, and the world, would be okay without those last two beers.
When the rides are working its great. Every time I've been here though, something is broken. And it's always one if the better rides, like Test Track. I don't want to spend the money to come to Disney if I can't do everything they have to offer. Probably my last trip here for a long time.
Hands down, Epcot is the best Disney park for adults. When you enter, you walk through Future World, where most of the attractions revolve around technology or exploration.  It's like a Tomorrowland that isn't still trapped in the 1960s.  The park's most popular rides are all found here, including Soarin' (one of the best rides in Disney World, I think!), Mission: Space, and Test Track.  Some of the attractions are educational, like Living With the Land and the Innovations buildings.  Others are just weird, like Journey Into Imagination with Figment - I'm pretty sure that one only exists because kids who grew up with Figment's previous ride are nostalgic for him - and Captain EO. The World Showcase is the second half of the park, and it is fantastic.  Every time I go there, I see and experience something new!  There are nine countries represented: Mexico, Norway, China, Germany, Italy, America, Japan, Morocco, France, United Kingdom and Canada.  Each 'country' is built to resemble the architecture of its land - or at least an Americanized version of it - and features food and drink (and alcohol!!!) from its country.  So in Mexico you can get horchata and empanadas, while in China you drink oolong tea and eat eggrolls.   Many of the countries also have a ride or film 'attraction' to entertain you.   Norway and Mexico have boat rides; the United States has an animatronic show, and France, China and Canada have films shown in Circle-Vision (in the round). Additionally, musicians and performers from around the world appear in every country.  I recommend seeing the Miyuki candy-maker in Japan if you can; she takes little balls of mochi and twists them out into different animals with lightning speed.  Canada's rock/Celtic-fusion band is worth checking out, too.   Area-appropriate characters appear, too.  You can catch Mulan in China, Aladdin and Jasmine in Morocco, and Mary Poppins in the United Kingdom. Because Epcot is such a big park, it feels much less crowded than the other parks, even on the busiest day.  We were there are New Year's Eve, and most of the time didn't feel the least bit claustrophobic from all the people around us.  New Year's Eve was also really cool because each country would have a celebration whenever the clock hit midnight in their homeland.  We were in Italy at 5:00pm when suddenly the employees exploded out of the stores and restaurants screaming with excitement, and began dancing a conga line in the middle of the square!  It was unbelievable. To really experience everything here without rushing about madly, give yourself a couple of days.
Out of all the Disney parks, Epcot is my favorite Disney theme park of all time. Epcot is very educational, full of culture, and lots of fun for the whole family or for a single traveler like me. To truly enjoy the Epcot experience, I really needed at least two full days here. Be prepared for lots of walking and taking rest breaks in between. Epcot is divided into two areas: Future World (in front) and the World Showcase. Future World hosts several interesting educational exhibits, shows and rides including the large GOLF BALL (Spaceship Earth ride), where you travel through time and get to ride in your own car with interactive computer screen. Oh yeah, be sure to look your very best and smile because they take your picture during the ride. I won't spoil the surprise, but there could be sighs of relief, bursts of laughter or jeers! My favorite Future World attractions are Soarin', Mission Space (need a strong stomach or you'll hurl), Test Track, and The Seas with Nemo & Friends (I love the huge fish tanks). I really enjoyed the Living with the Land ride/exhibit showcasing different technologies for growing food and plants. For some attractions, the FastPass system was great for cutting the lines and saving precious time. There's also a dedicated building for Disney character photos and meet & greets including the likes of Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Pluto, Chip & Dale. The cast members will take your photos with their cameras (& yours too) and scan a free reusable Disney PhotoPass card so you can view and purchase photos online. I must have had over 100 photos to view on one PhotoPass between my visit to Epcot and Disney Hollywood Studios. My favorite part of Epcot is touring the World Showcase surrounding the Lagoon and visiting several nations to learn about the different cultures, customs and ethnic food. I practically ate my way around the world on my recent visit. I had a decent and pricey meal at Restaurant Marrakesh in Morocco, snacked on chocolate crepes in France, devoured some fish & chips in the UK, and cooled off in Japan with a cold shaved fruit ice while watching the Spirit of America Fife & Drum Corps. I picked up some cool souvenirs in China, Norway, and Germany. The River of Time boat cruise in Mexico was relaxing and fun and the 360 degree film on Canada was informative. During daylight hours, there were also several character meet & greets scattered throughout the World Showcase, which I definitely took advantage of. I waited in the lines and got countless photo-ops including Donald Duck, Winnie The Pooh, Piglet, Eeyore, Tigger, Sleeping Beauty, Aladdin, Princess Jasmine, and The Bears. It's okay to be "Goofy" and be a kid here. There were those moments when I needed to rest my feet and then move on to another country. I rode the boat shuttle, which travels along the shore of the lagoon and docks in select countries. After a very long jam packed day of trying to see and do everything, I chilled out and stuck around after dusk to watch the spectacular fireworks display with music on the Lagoon, which is held every night and a MUST SEE! This show was definitely way better than the local fireworks displays back home in NH. I was sooo tired and exhausted after a full day at Epcot. I can't wait to take on Epcot and the Word again! Oh yes, this is my 700th Yelp review!
Even though I gave Epcot 5 stars, let me start off with the bad. Keep in mind, I'm a thrill-seeker, who loves intense roller-coasters. While we took the tram from the parking lot to the park itself, the guy who voiced the intercom said, "Our fastest ride is "Test Track," which goes 0-60 in 6 seconds. Our second fastest ride is this tram you are currently on." While it was funny, it was definitely the truth. Do not come here if you're expecting loops and steel coasters. If you're all things Disney, this park is not for you. Yes, there are little bits of Disney characters sprinkled throughout the park, but Epcot, at its core, is about showcasing the world -- not advertisements for Donald, Mickey, Pluto, Abu, the candle-guy from Beauty and Beast, Dumbo, Bambi, Scar, Basil and your usual gang of Disney characters. That being said, Epcot is as nice as a park as you'll ever see. There are 3 parts of this park: Future World East, West, and the World Showcase. Most of the rides (I think there are, like, 4 rides total) are in the Future World. The highlight of the park is definitely World Showcase. Here they bundle up various countries in an effort to unite them all. They have obvious countries to showcase like Japan, China, France and the UK. And some random ones such as Norway (tell me that's not random) and Morocco. All countries are beautiful and fun to walk around. I had the pleasure of attending Epcot during the annual Food and Wine Festival and got to try AMAZING food, so when you make your trip you may not get to try this part of the park. Basically, each country (and 20 additional ones) busts out their unique dishes. So in Mexico, you'll get some Mexican dish. Japan will give you a dish and so on. The best part is they add countries. One addition is South Korea, which has short ribs, of course. I use to work at Knott's Berry Farm theme park in Buena Park, CA and have tasted everything there and have always found amusement park food to be dry and not well made. All the food during this festival was amazing - I'm not exaggerating. They also have restaurants in each country for people who go when it's not food and wine festival time. Another great part is the authenticity of these countries. Disney goes above and beyond to make each experience authentic. Everyone in China was Chinese. When I went to Norway, I was greeted by a guy named "Sven." The German people all spoke German...How does Disney find these people? It's uncanny. Of course, a trademark of Disney is the awesome service and friendliness of the employees. Like I mentioned earlier, I use to work at a theme park and the employees were definitely not nearly as friendly as the Epcot employees. We went during a time of a lot of foreigners (American citizens were definitely the minority this particular day) and each employee at Epcot was patient with language/culture barriers. It was pretty awesome. If everyone can act like Epcot employees, I'm certain the world would be a better place. I think what boosted Epcot to that 5th star was the sheer brilliance of the Food and Wine festival; however, the people who have Yelp'd this place before me seemed to thoroughly enjoy Epcot even without the festival. If you're in Orlando, definitely make the trip out to Epcot.
Whaddya mean we came a few days too early for the Food and Wine festival?! Boooooo! Despite that sad fact, I had a blast with the hubs and in-laws. This park is freakin' huge. I wore my pedometer and it registered I had walked several miles trekking back and forth across the park all day. Probably a good thing since you'll spend most of your time being a fattie and eating your way through the park while visiting the many different countries of Epcot. We got to see some amazing performances by young Chinese acrobats in, obviously, China, took a photo with Donald Duck wearing a sombrero in Mexico, watched a Frenchman balance himself on a stack of chairs in France, and had a delicious dinner at Via Napoli in Italy. Good times! My bro-in-law asked a worker about how she came about working here and she mentioned that it's a 6-month process to get potentially hired here from her native country. Stupidly, he also asked what she got paid in which she replied, "we're here for the experience" which I'm assuming translates to peanuts. Not that it's anyone's business and certainly not ours. Only one negative: My nieces were a bit bored so we went to Mission Space ride and afterwards, hung out at their "Advanced Training Lab" where this asshole worker named Ryan proceeded to yell at my 10-year old niece at the top of his lungs after she accidentally leaned on a button on some machine that was apparently not to be touched. He must've thought that any minute the earth would explode into a million pieces because my niece leaned on this button--heaven forbid!!! Btw, anyone who's been to this lab knows that the place is filled with gizmos and gadgets to be messed with. Smart of them to put this machine there amongst all the others. After my sis-in-law and I went off on the worker who obviously had anger issues, we took it straight to his boss and they took him off his shift immediately. Whoever said Disney World is the happiest place on earth obviously didn't give this jerk the memo. Don't take your job so seriously dude.
Old. rundown. Dated. Boring. I came here a kid and it was great but coming back in my 20's- not so much. The racecar ride was awesome and the day as a teenager show was cool...dated but cool. They really need to update this park. It was absolutely deserted in the month of June. We didn't get to do the countries side of the park the last time I went but I kinda have faded memories of it. I remember being scared shitless of the troll log ride that had a backwards drop. Not sure if it's still there because I rode about 15 years ago.
This is what i call a Theme Park...!!! This has to be my favorite park of all of the Disney parks because it offers so much for you to do in one day. You have to arrive early so you can get most of the good rides out of the way before the world showcase opens at 11:00 AM.. Very important, always bypass the ride in the Globe (Spaceship Earth) in the front. The tourist that don't know any better always hit this place up first and the line gets fairly long early in the morning. If you wait till the end of the day there are no lines and its a great way to end the day. The ride is long but relaxing and a great place to get some AC, which if you have been on the ride before you can just get a great nap.... My wife and I usually start at Test Track and move our way around from there. From there we head in the other direction and visit the Figment ride. Always a good idea to do this early or late in the day. It's amusing and relaxing.. There are other rides to visit in the area so do them quick because its time to enter the world showcase. Let's break down the World showcase which we also lovingly call " Drinking around the world " . 1 - Mexico Great Tequila Bar inside the Montezuma temple. Beautiful slow and relaxing ride inside with Donald Duck as your entertainment. Also the restaurant is great for a romantic lunch or dinner with your loved one. 2 - Norway Great water ride (Maelstrom) with a surprising twist. Hold on to your drinks, you can definitely spill them over on this one. I believe I had a beer here once, don't remember what it was the Tequila was still talking to me. 2a - Africa Not really a full section here it's called a Refreshment Coolpost. Only thing to do here is bang the hell out of the drums to annoy your significant other. Try on a Indiana Jones hat and don't forget to get a Landshark on tap. 3 - China The food is blah, better Chinese food back home. There is a 360 film showing here which was ok to see once. It's a snoozer.. O yeah I just remembered they don't let drinks in the theater. Yeah definitely skip this one. The only thing to do here is to pick up a (Tsingtao...) the authentic Chinese beer and go on your merry way. 4 - Germany Regardless of which end of Epcot your Drinking Around the World expedition kicks off on, Germany will fall somewhere in the middle, assuming you go from one country to the next in the order you happen upon them (and good news - no passports, declarations, or cavity searches required! We start here with the mighty Goldshlagger. You might ask what's a Italian drink with a German name which was first manufactured in Switzerland doing here. The answer is, " who cares..!!!!" After the one or two shots proceed to the Biergarten amphitheater and be prepared to be dazzled with tourist doing the Chicken Dance. Always a good time. Don't forget to pick up a bratwurst. On the way out don't forget a shot of Jagermeister, for sentimental reasons. R u still with me??? 5 - Italy Boun Journo, if it's still before 12:00. Stop by the Tutto Italia restaurant for a great lunch. Bypass the new Pizza place Via Napoli, undercooked pizza and over priced. My wife an I had a small margherita pizza with a plate of Spaghetti that we shared, two diet cokes and it was close to $60.00 Sneak into the Enoteca Castillo and get your wine on. Arrivederci 6 - The American Adventure Blah all the way around. The food here is completely awful. Your choices are Hamburger, Hot Dog, Chicken Fingers, Fries and Budweiser. The positive was Samuel Adams. The imagineers need to work on the food here and actually give this place a ride ... 7 - Japan O Daniel-son you make me proud... Get ready to put it into overdrive. Food here is mediocre at best. The Yakitori House has some decent over the counter food. There is a steakhouse here ala Benihana called Teppanyaki Dining Room which chefs will twirl, flip, juggle, stab and flame broil everything in site. I have never been so I cant say much about it. The secret here is the Sake bar inside the store all the way in the back. Here you can try any Saki hot or cold that you desire by the glass. Cold is the way to go... After a shot of this my wife and I proceeded to walk outside and if memory serves me right I think they had Bonsai trees there.. lol 8 - Morocco Nothing to drink here or see here, move along.. 9 - France Enjoy a nice selection of Champagnes, wines and Specialty Drinks. Food who needs food. We did have a few great desserts. Don't remember them by this point. 10 - United Kingdom Now were talking, Fish and Chips and Guinness on tap. Enough said. Our favorite. 11 - Canada Another 360 Experience " OCanada" It's a snoozer, turn on the alarm clock. Grab a Labatt and head to the Le Cellier Steak House to finish off the adventure. Stumble your way back to the hotel your done. Were Going back for the Food and Wine Festival in November. WOOT!
I'm not a fan of theme parks, but I'll make an exception for Epcot. Formerly known as EPCOT Center, this is one of my favorite theme parks. Disney's focus on technological innovation touches the surface, from the prominent, signature geodesic sphere to their monorail system. Parts of the park may feel dated, so you might need to suspend your disbelief at times. (The first time I visited Epcot, they still were showing Michael Jackson's Captain EO show. 3D glasses just added to the wackiness. Anyone remember that?) Epcot also focuses on the concept of the international village, and this is where they shine. Designated park zones represent countries - like France, Japan, and Germany - showcasing the national and cultural idiosyncrasies of each, and offering (generally) pleasing, region-specific dining options. The international staff working at each country add further depth to the park. The grounds are beautiful, and the architecture well-done. Annually, Epcot hosts the Epcot International Food and Wine Festival, where celebrity chefs show off their skills and you can sample a variety of cuisines. With all the ethnic restaurants packed inside, Epcot is a perfect destination for food enthusiasts. (Anyone up for a bar tour around the world?)
I absolutely love Epcot. Near the entrance they have their big name attractions. They are all worth trying. Then they have the world showcase. There is a lot of walking to be done but it was worth it. I love the different countries and the people that work in the shops are from those countries.
Dawn's Tips to Epcot: Start Epcot around Lunchtime. In Mexico. (You're savvy, so you would have made an RSVP from another park before you got here). The food is EFFING awesome. Best chips EVER. Upon leaving the pyramid, walk straight ahead for your travel Margarita. Head towards China. Now drink and eat your way around the world. Most of the rides not to miss are up front (hit those during Illuminations later for short lines) but Norway has a fun ride. There's great food abound in this park, from every country to The Land up front. Everything that can be grown on site is, by the way. So enjoy. Don't worry about calories... you're walking them off as you go. And there's shopping from around the world also, if you feel like dishing out the $$... I tend to save my ethnic shopping for ethnic neighborhoods... it's a lot cheaper that way. Still, it's fun to fish for your own pearls in Japan!
a MUST-GO if you're in orlando! it is pricey but it's unlike any theme park and perfect for adults and kids alike. the perfect time of year to go is october/november (but not during thanksgiving week) - perfect weather (not humid but not cold yet) and super short lines. do not eat in morrocco - trial of their chicken wraps was expensive, small, and sadly disappointingly untasty - save your stomach for eating at the restaurant in japan (a beautiful huge building that overlooks the water) or follow the recommendations of the travel book and one of my friends and eat at the mexican restaurant - yummy and the most romantic spot in the park! NOTE: if you're attending a conference at the world marriott you get discounted tickets to theme parks after 4pm (i think it's $55 for epcot). epcot is do-able (if you plan it out and get fast passes) starting at 4pm since they're open until 9pm. to get the deal show your badge at the information desk in the lobby and pay for and receive the tickets from them. of note they also have a list of other parks that are discounted (less if you go at 2pm, larger discount if you go at 4pm).
Epcot is a theme park that suffers from an identity crisis!  The front half of the park, while it has been "updated" still feels like a 1980's bold vision of a future now passed!   Some of the thrill additions - Test Track - a fun ride but not worth the 90 minute wait you can experience on busy days opened over 9 years ago now! Mission:Space opened 4 years ago, and is already feeling dated.   Soarin' opened in Disney's California Adventure 8 years ago and opened in EPCOT 3 years ago and is already feeling very dated! Honey I shrunk the Audience is now an OLD pop culture reference from a B movie released over 20 YEARS ago! The park feels stale and old! When you get to the other half of the park, it is the World Showcase you get little slices of the world, with lot's of shops, restaurants, and very little else!  Back in 1982 this kind of theming was unprecedented and Disney could charge money to have you shop in a themed mall, but in 2009 and with so many unique dinning and shopping options opening up around the country and world, this sort of experience needs more than just geographically themed shops and restaurants to make it worth visiting!  There are 2 rides in the world showcase. Mexico- Gran Fiesta tour with Donald.  A cute slow boat ride through Mexico. Norway- Maelstrom - travel the river of time slowly and with a few drops, through Norway's past. I honestly want to LOVE Epcot, but I can't because it has stagnated for so long that it really offers nothing new and exciting!  The bright spot at EPCOT is the Living Seas Pavillion with Nemo and Friends, where you take a nice slow ride through aquariums with the Finding Nemo characters added in with cool digital video technology, that is also where you can experience Turtle Talk with crush which is a great interactive experience with Crush the Sea Turtle! All in all, Epcot is a place to experience, as the fireworks show IllumiNations Reflections of Earth is almost worth the price of admission alone!  Just don't have high expectations as you experience a 1980's world fair!
For all you nay sayers.... all I can say is Food & Wine Festival.  EPCOT is my home away from home; I spent almost 9 months working there as a part of the Walt Disney World College Program College Program (2001-2002).  I was an attractions host at the Imagination! Pavilion and sometimes worked for Fast Pass at Test Track & over at the Living Seas' Pavilion.  So I have a somewhat biased opinion of the park even though it was my favorite park before I worked there. I went back every year for 5 years for the Food & Wine festival that takes place from the end of September to the beginning of November.  It is my favorite event held in the park & the best time of year to go.  The massive crowds are gone and as such it's part of the off season in Orlando.  They have free wine tastings & seminars (also spirits & beer tastings) in addition to paid events like Food & Wine pairings & International Buffets with Cirque du Soleil performers.  For example, I went to a free cooking seminar by the chef from one of my favorite restaurants in DC (Zola); learned how to make the most fantastic grilled cheese made from brie & phillo dough, and we got to try it afterward. A memorable paid event for me was the Sushi, Sashimi, & Sake pairing at the Japanese Pavillion.  The sushi chef give you a history of the fish, how to eat it, perperation (he gave a but of fresh wasabi from the root that you can't buy here in the states.... it's SOOO yummy) and the pairing with the sake. There are also tasting stations setup all around the world so that there are foods stations representing about 50 countries around the world.  Whether you want alcohol, desert, or food; each station has 6-8 things from those 3 categories to wet your appetite.  You can even buy the recipe book for the festival and make all the dishes at home. From the hourly fountain shows (each one is different) and the acapella group at the US Pavillion,  to the international cast & food, and the best fireworks show on properly there really isn't much I don't like about this park.  That being said it's a "theme" park and doesn't have roller coasters (and I'm a roaller coaster junkiee).  They have Soarin', Test Track, and their new one Mission Space for "thrill" rides but they can not and will not compete with the rush you get from a coaster like Rockin Roller over at the Studios.  It's supposed to be about learning in a fun environment (although the sponsors of Innoventions seem to think of it as their own personal advertising vehicle). I do not recommend going in the summer as I'm a big proponent of not  waiting in lines and nothing at EPCOT is worth a 2-3 hour wait.  Go in the off seasons, September-November, January-February & avoid Spring Break, Thanksgiving, New Years', the whole summer especially the 4th of July, and April/May (Grad Nights).  Surprisingly enough, Christmas is also a good time to be there as the parks are almost empty but leave by New Years (you can also get the best deal's on hotels at this time). Mission Space & Test Track are next to each other so first thing in the morning get a fast past for one & ride the other getting them out of the way & then head over to Soarin' and get a fast pass. Oh... and another event held there is the International Home & Garden Festival (I think that's what it's called); I had my mom come down for this one while I was there cause she's into gardening and flowers.  It's also held in the off season in the spring; you can catch free seminars with Walt Disney Horticulturist & the park is really pretty with all the arrangements they make with the flowers.
PROS: lots and lots of different foods. that one ride.. Soarin' was really fun. definitely go on all the rides! Mission to Mars.. do the more 'scary' choice. it's more fun. dont worry if you puke on that ride.. there are barf bags inside the ride lol. really big amusement park. took all day to explore it. great shows too. CONS: pricey.. but what do you expect? i bought one of those turkey legs for like $8.. so fatty and unflavorful. very greasy. Good for adults. lots of culture stuff and some good rides. not so great for little children.. take them to DisneyWorld instead.
Our favorite park.  Loved sourin and test track. My husband's favorite in all of dw was sum of all fears
I went to Epcot for the last day of the Food and Wine festival. I don't want to be a whiner.. but the tacos I got in Mexico were awful. They seemed to go down well because I had a buzz from drinking around the world. However, wow, they didn't settle. I am a Qdoba fan and expected something like that and especially something that wouldn't make me feel sick the entire night. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and say, I will try it again but no tacos for me! Maybe it was just because I ate this outside and the food wasn't the same quality as the Mexican restaurant.
my favorite things to do EPCOT (my favorite park at disneyworld!) 1. club cool: try different sodas from other countries for FREE! my favorite is kinley. a honey/lemon soda. YUM 2. in the UK at the world showcase they have the best fish and chips at the yorkshire county fish shop. SOOOOOOO yummy. 3. send a virtual postcard at innoventions with your photo for FREE! 4. illumiNATIONS. fireworks show. ONE OF THE BEST I'VE SEEN! 5. napoleons (a pastry) and creme brulee in PARIS at the french bakery. the best i've ever had!!! 6. buy an epcot passport at one of the shops and go to each country at the world shocase to the KIDCOT booth. get a stamp and a little note from a cast member. i went on my birthday so i got a birthday greeting in each country. it's my favorite souvenir from our trip to disneyworld. IT MAY BE A KIDDY thing to do but it's interesting! if you have a huge appetite. have fun at the world showcase i definately did. i loved all the cast members from different countries. EPCOT is everything i expect from disney. AMAZING! my only complaints: i didnt get to ride FAST TRACK. and a lot of the park needs some serious refurbishments. and they sell TOSTITOS at the mexico showcase. LOL i thought that was funny. other than that i love EPCOT!
Hmmmm, not sure what the hype is for this theme park.  I remember visiting Epcot about 15 years ago and thinking it was geared more towards adults...now coming back as an adult, I think it's geared more toward kids. The highlight by far was Soarin'.  My friend persuaded me to watch Captain EO, which was entertaining in a "flashback to the 80s chuckle" kind of way.   The Lands tour was pretty cool because it was nice to see all the produce growing there.  Plus points for Epcot serving a lot of the farm raised fish and produce in their restaurants.   All the other rides were quite underwhelming.  The countries were equally a snooze.  Why would you go to Florida and see replicas?  Go see the real thing!  It's like buying a fake purse and perpetratin'. Once was more than enough for me.  At 90 bucks for admission, it's a big rip!
Epcot is by far the best place in Orlando.  Why? Well, EVERYONE can appreciate it.  I've gone a few times and I've loved it every single time.  It doesn't get lame as you age which is something that can't be said for the other area attractions.
Epcot Center is really awesome!  There's really good rides there too that are worth checking out.  I really like how you can experience different cultures from around the world since they showcase the different countries.  They have: Italy (which is only restaurants shockingly), France, China, Japan, and way more.  I remember one of them has a really nice water ride, but I forgot which one.  There's lots of walking here, so you should wear your walking shoes for sure.  It's one of those places that I went to as a kid and I remembered it forever.  I did recently go back about a year ago, and it looks practically the same.  There's a really nice water show at night that is worth staying for.  You don't want to miss that!
I was here for Epcot's International Food & Wine this past weekend and had a blast.  I have been coming here, since Epcot first hosted it more than 8 or 9 years ago. Each year the event is well organized; the food is usually very good;  and  the crowds get larger and larger.    I do miss the free recipe cards that they used to hand out for each tasty item. Now you have to spend $15 and can only get the "most popular" dishes---and not even ones that are new for that year. Regardless, I had a terrific time and was not disappointed at all.  For little more than $70, I got to try all different types of foods and really enjoyed myself.  In fact, here is a list of  the items i tried with a rating from (1 to 5), with prices. Cork, Ireland   *Bunratty Meade Honey Wine - $4.25 (4*) Santiago, Chile      * Corn and Cheese Arepa - $3.00  (4*) Buenos Aires, Argentina    * Beef Empanada with Tomato Salsa - $4.25  (4*)    * Grilled Beef Skewer with Chimichurri Sauce - $4.75 (3*) Munich, Germany * Spaetzle Gratin with Ham and Cheese - $3.50 (5*) * Nuernberger Sausage in a Pretzel Roll - $4.25 (3*  SEE PHOTO) The Brewer's Collection * Affligem Blonde Ale - $6.50  $12.75 (22oz) (3*) Wellington, New Zealand * Lamb Slider with Tomato Chutney - $4.50 (5*) Montreal, Canada * Canadian Cheddar Cheese Soup - $3.75 (4*) New York State Wine Adventure * Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane Merlot Blanc - $3.25 (2*) San Juan Puerto Rico * Ham Croquettes - $3.25 (3*) Mouse Catch    * Trio of Cheese: $4.75 (5*)          o Piave, Italy          o Mahon, Spain          o Dorothea, Holland Mexico City, Mexico    * Taco de Conchinita Pibil - $5.75 (4*) Barcelona, Spain    * Taste of Spain (Serrano Ham, Chorizo, Manchego, Olives, Tomato Bread) - $4.25 (4*) Shanghai, China    * Chicken Urumqi (Grilled chicken with cumin and traditional Chinese spices) - $3.75 (2*)  (GET BEEF RICE INSTEAD) Vienna, Austria    * Sacher Torte - $2.75 (5*) New Delhi, India    * Rice and Lentil Crepe with Potato and Onion Filling - $3.25 (5*) Cape Town, South Africa    * Seared Beef Tenderloin - $4.75 (5*) Bangkok, Thailand    * Chicken and Coconut Soup - $3.25 (*3) Leaving very satisfied.....priceless.
Epcot to me, should take out the first chunk of space, move the entrance to the other side by World Showcase and call it a day. The space ball thing didn't have much going on, and The Lands/The Sea portions are interesting but lackluster. The only place worth spending time is the World Showcase, and that's for adults mainly. There's a new "kidcot" thing which is good to keep kids entertained while adults drink their way around the world with various beers, liquored drinks and foods, but that can only last so long. I do think Epcot requires at least a couple days though, or at least one whole day (morning to night) to experience everything.
When I first arrived at the park, I couldn't help but snicker at the cheesiness of Future World. Everything looked like it was from the 80s and seemed a bit outdated. Well, 5 minutes into the day all of that melted away. Once you're in the park you tend to forget about the dated architecture and instead become absorbed by all things Disney. They have a dedicated area for meeting characters (which is great since no one wants to watch desperate kids chase down Mickey Mouse before he goes on a break), but some of the characters do indeed meander the park (case in point: Chip and Dale).  I was phenomenally lucky when I went - I got there late in the day so the lines for rides were at an absolute minimum. The longest I waited was 60 minutes for Soarin' (a beautiful California based ride which is probably the best one in the park). Everything else was about 0-5 minutes, which made me very happy. After traipsing around Future World I headed to the World Showcase, where they have countries from all over the world. Some of them have rides built in (I'm looking at you Mexico and Norway) while others just have movies (yaaaaawwwwn, China). If you're over 21, you'll be pleased to find they have alcoholic drink stands at each country (hooray for booze filled Disney magic!) and while they're pricey, they're well worth it. Let me tell you, you haven't lived until you've chugged a beer at Disney World! Mexico had my favorite food - stop at the Cantina in front of the grand pyramid and have yourself some cheese empanadas. They're fairly tasty considering it's an amusement park! The fireworks at the end of the night were also decent. Lasers + Fire + Water + Fireworks = Fun (especially after a few drinks!).
I Love Epcot.. It's just a whole different experience than other parks.. I love the different countries along with the cultures and the best is the different foods. If your a foody and want to taste all around the world..come here..if you want to shop, you can buy things from all the countries too...Each has their own restaurants, drinks, bakery, souvenir shop and show or ride and much more.. It's great to see all the countries and learn all about them. Very educational not only for the kids but for us adults too.. Two rides is a must..Soaring and Test Track..worth it alone.. The Cola Factory is soo much fun. Free Taste of cola from all different countries..Great for a hot summer day..  Lots of hands on things to do for the kids, street shows, water shows and best of all illuminations fireworks....
OMG. No words can describe the experience. It is Disney, after all.
It is my favorite parks till now.. People say magic kingdom is better.. DON'T FORGET TO GET FASTPASSES..
We got there when the 'gates' opened-but not the park.We lined up at the turnstiles and plotted our strategy.Go to Soarin',get fastpass for the test track,etc.Problem was, I was overhearing everone else's plans.And they were the same as ours!!Was our room bugged?,was it the rental car?Is there a chip planted in my brain?These Disney guys were up to something because nobody could have had such a great plan as mine!! The gates open and the hordes dash for the exhibits.I refuse to be part of the herd.Good thing because they only let you get so far and you are met by another rope and more smiling Disney employees. Finally, we are let into the actual park. We hit Soarin' first.My California friends(the one's that are left).Your Chamber of Comerce couldn't make a better video.I'm afraid of heights but love the vistas of the Golden Gate Bridge,the wine country, highway 1 were incredible.It was a blast.We got our FastPass for the Testtrack then headed to Mission Space.It was a terrific interactive ride. We took the less stressful ride at Mister's suggestion.I was ready to try the more intense version but we had to make our "test" run. I don't do roller coasters or many things where I don't have control but this was a blast. I could do it over and over again. We hit every country's pavillion-at Mister's insistance. We ate at Japan's restaurant the Yakitori House since he wanted to try their sushi.My camera's battery dies but his food looked great and he enjoyed it tremendously.I got the beef miso soup and it was very good even on a hot day.As we walked out, the Japanese drummers were beginning their performance.The power and precision of the musicians was exciting.But,He wanted dessert and the skies were looking threatening. We stopped off at Boulangerie Patisserie(at my recommendation this time because I wanted a true Napoleon).I learned the secret of Epcot dining.Eat light and gorge at the Boulangerie Patisserie.Every one of the best of desserts is staring at you from the other side of the glass showcase.I wanted to go back but the line and the sky told me different. We made to all the countries.There were storm clouds all around us but a 360 degree halo over Epcot.We made it through the giant golf ball(Innoventions) and when we came out,I put Mister on my shoulders and made a dash to the car. On the way out, the shies opened and traffic was backed up from Epcot to my sister's house in Deltona.So, we got off the interstate and took the "scenic" route through Orlando and a few of its suburbs. Fun Park and I think Mister wants to go back. What Mister wants,he gets-as long as he deserves it.
I've heard so much about this place and was so excited to check it out, and boy, it did not disappoint. I got the park hopper and left magic kingdom early to go check out Epcot. First thing you notice when you arrive is the giant spaceship ball that's residing over the park. There are more shows than rides so don't go to the park with the mindset that you will go on a lot of rides. Here are some cool rides/shows you should check out: The spaceship ride- it's a slow moving ride that will take you back through time, and show you how far we have progressed. I love history and I definitely learned a lot from this ride. The Ellen Degeneres ride- this is a 45 minute ride so be prepared for the long ride. This ride takes you through the mind of Ellen and her dream. The trekcar ride- this is probably the funnest ride in the park. You get to design your own car, customize it and then race it. The ride can go up to 65 miles per hour. The world showcase of was really really amazing. This section of the park is where all of the countries meet and you will have the chance taste the foods of each culture and experience a little something from each country. What I thought was really cool was that they had international people working for different countries. An example would be all of the French workers in France were all from France. I love how Disney designed the section and each country to where you would feel like you were actually in Japan or Britain. The music, the structure of the buildings, the people, the environment, foods and etc! Definitely check out this place if you get a chance to.
Meh. I personally don't see the appeal. I went last week with my SO for the day while we were in Orlando for work. You basically pay $100 to enter this "park" to just spend more money on food and drinks. I would prefer creating my own 'around the world' drinking tour here in NYC.
Epcot deviously mixes learning with fun. There should be a warning sign. There are two tell-tale signs of maturity: 1.) that I keep saying, "music was so much better when I was growing up," and 2.) that I spent most of my Disney World vacation at Epcot. Half of Epcot is a borderline boring learning machine. It's not actually boring, but it could get there. I'm referring to the non-World Showcase half. The ride with Ellen is pretty neat. You sit in a theater that becomes a massive track ride. The garden is actually very cool (they grow Mickey shaped vegetables and have real researchers working on useful projects) and you can sign up for private tours. Mission: SPACE will make you dizzy. We sat by two annoying frat guys who really should have been sent to Mars. Living Seas was closed, so I didn't get to see that Turtle Talk exhibit that I've read about where Crush from "Finding Nemo" actually interacts with people. World Showcase is the best part of Epcot. In such a small amount of space, you are given the opportunity to experience several different cultures (Mexico, China, Japan, colonial America, Norway, England, France, Italy, Germany, Morocco, and an African music stand). The beauty is that the employees are actually from their respective countries. Where else can you find a Moroccan who attempts to talk to you in Japanese (uh... we're Chinese) and then Mandarin (you do know we speak English, right?). The food, however inauthentic, is good. The Moroccan self-seating restaurant is excellent. The Chinese self-seater isn't quite so good (where's Panda when you need them?). Fish and Chips from the booth in England were scant but decent. Be sure to watch Mo'Rockin. They're quite good and they tour nationwide. I still have their song stuck in my head. Illuminations isn't nearly as good as Fantasmic! but it's still good.
I did the walk from Canada to Mexico about six times in total.  The first time I walked "the walk" I started at Canada because it happened to be closest to where we were at.  I learned later on in my trip that if we did "the walk" again we would ALWAYS be starting in Canada.  I bet your wondering why..... I haven't been to this park since I'm a kid, and I didn't enjoy coming here  because I remember it being "boring", and even upon my arrival to Epcot (this time) I thought it wasn't going to be that fun.  For some reason I was soooo hyped the whole entire time to visit 'Mexico'.  Maybe because I've been there before, and really love it... whatever the case may be we didn't follow the parks guide/map simply because Epcot is one big circle; we wanted to be "surprised".  I was surely "surprised" that Mexico was the very last country (it could have been the first if we went left in stead of right), as I just kept looking for it the whole time we walked.   When we got to Mexico we decided to have margaritas.  Let me just say that before this trip I didn't even LIKE Margaritas or perhaps I never gave them a chance (wake up with sunglasses and Advil you know u ran into tequila last night). I have to also make it very clear that I am a fat slob, and all I love to do is eat, so keep in mind that my stomach is rarely empty, and we had been snacking all day! There's a little margarita stand with a yellow awning as you first approach Mexico.  I had a margarita (on the rocks) with patron in it.  It was strong, but really good. I enjoyed a margarita for the first time. Then we enter San Angel inn, with the Tequila bar inside.  Let's just say I left more than happy.  By the time we left Mexico we were literally sleep walking.   It was the very end of the day.  We had woken up at like 3am to fly to Florida.  Got to Florida, spent the whole day at Epcot, and right before we got to the end we had experienced what you should probably only experience at the end of "the walk". So.....when starting off--START IN CANADA! What stuck out in my mind as I visited all the different sections of Epcot was: The Nemo Exhibit- Its not a "ride" per say.  You sit in these little cars on a track (inside the building) streaming slowly through a guided tour by Nemo and his crew, of the parks aquarium.  It's really nice if you love aquatic shit like I do, and also great for kids.  When you get off the moving track, you have the ability to walk around and look some more at the aquarium/fish tanks (and have a talk with Crush, the turtle).  The restaurant associated with this attraction is called The Coral Reef, a restaurant whose food is simply OFF THE CHAIN! Canada- Cool leather bracelets that you can have engraved with whatever name/word you'd like. These make great souvenirs to bring back home.  I got one for myself, and my best friend.  It's not like getting a tacky Mickey tee; this is something you can wear outside of Disney. France- the Eiffel tower was really cool, and shit it looked just like the real thing. The shops here are some of the most expensive ones in Epcot. There's a lot of makeup and perfume that you would find at boutiques in France.  You can try it on and have a party (like MAC in the mall).  There's also champagne tasting, which will cost you about $7, and my FAVORITE thing was the Patisserie- the most delicious bakery I've yet to encounter.   Mexico- my absolute favorite....hand crafted wooden items from Oaxaca Mexico, an AMAZING structure which houses an even more amazing restaurant/tequila bar.  The inside of San angel inn is just breath taking, no lie.  Here you will also find very affordable gifts from sombreros to leather pocket books that range in price from $10-35.   Norway- I wouldn't have commented on Norway except that I bought two sterling silver rings for $6 each, and there awesome...so mad I didn't buy more! Morocco- beautiful accessories; jewelry, scarves, pillows, and outfits decorated with a lot of colorful silks, tinsel, golds, and patterns that really POP! Japan: GINORMOUS coy fish in the pond Germany: Oktoberfest (LOTS of beer), brats, sauerkraut, and Coo Coo clocks. The ice box- a place where you can try soda from all over the world (for free). Epcot is my new FAVORITE park! The thing that's really cool is that you get a taste of what each particular country is really like; therefore you have a better idea of if you'd even want to travel to that country.  I now have confirmed where I do want to travel to, and where I don't (and yes Epcot played a role on my decisions). Things to try in Epcot: The patisserie (France): strawberry tart and/or napoleon La Cava del Tequila (Mexico): Wild passion fruit margarita The Coral Reef (by Nemo): Mahi Mahi with mashed potatoes
Epcot had its moments. But you can't really do much when the summer rain comes during the afternoon. Test Track closes down. The kiosks for the Kim Possible World Showcase Adventure close down when it rains and even after the rain let up, the kiosks stayed closed. Bummer. The high points included Test Track, Mission: Space, the Japan Pavilion, Spaceship Earth, and Turtle Talk with Crush. - Test Track - The ride is both indoors and out. But the best part is when the car heads outdoors at 65 mph. Makes you think, "Oh so that's how fast/slow I really should be driving... as opposed to 80 mph in reality." - Mission: Space - Only went on the intense version. And boy was it intense! I seriously felt like I really did go into space, especially at the launch when you hella feel the 2.4G's pushing. This ain't Star Tours! - Japan Pavilion: The stores were great to walk through before our reservation at Teppan Edo. Not sure how I felt about the anime/manga paraphernalia in the stores although they did have some more authentic items like artwork and crafts. - Spaceship Earth: Slow moving ride like the Haunted Mansion at the Magic Kingdom. Try not to spend too much time in the Project Tomorrow area, it gets pretty crowded since it's on the way out from Spaceship Earth after the ride. I really wish we went Mission: Space multiple times since people were waiting on Test Track to reopen after the rain let up so the lines were short... plus those warnings can really deter people from going on altogether. Note: Don't let yourself get caught in the rain during the summer. That's what those stores are for - to duck out of the rain! And also, catch some of the movies they have, "O Canada!" and "Reflections of China" in their respective country areas. Hell, they also make for good down time indoors instead of being out of the sun and rain. Did they really need to put in countries like the United Kingdom and Canada? Countries that we seemingly already know about or don't care about. Hell, I learned a lot about Canada from watching the Vancouver Winter Olympics.
Wow, talk about going around the world in 4 hours, it's so cool, but what's so cool about it is that EPCOT caters to the adults. All different cultures with different entrees and best of all for the little alcohol inside you the many different drinks they have. For the kids it's great in learning more of other country's while they are enjoying a day at the park.   I enjoyed, every second of it, can't wait to come here again.
I just don't see it. For this kind of money, there needs to be something to entertain me, and there just isn't much. The rides are just barely rides, there's little to no actually information presented about the various countries, and everything is pretty Disney overpriced. I suppose I expected a lot more from something this popular. The only thing that saved Epcot for me was the opportunity to be there with friends whose stated goal was to get absolutely DESTROYED by doing "beers around the world." And that was an unmitigated blast. But I'm not going to rate Epcot up for that, because I somehow doubt that was the intended purpose of the place. A lot of the entertainment that is intended (and here I'm referring specifically to the incredibly maudlin animatronic display in the American section) is pretty hard to take. Note - edit Lance Armstrong out of that video. I will give them points for a few things. Some of the food a various countries is pretty good/unusual. Like mussels in Belgium. And some of the gift stores are cool - the Japanese one has too much Domo-Kun stuff for my own good, and the Norway store had a room full of Helly Hansen outerwear, which I have a sweet spot for. So if you're with 5 amazing coworkers and you're headed to Epcot for Sunday Funday, this might be worth it to you as a one time thing. Otherwise...save your almost $100 admission and find something else to do.
This was my 3rd visit to Epcot.  I was here in 2000 for Christmas when my kids were little, 2 years ago with my daughter and mother, and this time I came with my daughter and her boyfriend who has never been here before.  This is one of my favorite parks. Disney parks are the happiest and cleanest places on earth!  We rode the Seas, and then spent a great deal of time in the Aquarium watching the turtles and sharks.  We also enjoyed Living with the Land, as the greenhouse is just fascinating.  We did not wish to wait for Soarin, so we skipped that one.  We rode mission Space which seems so realistic! And Test Track has been updated since our last visit and was a lot of fun.  We then spent the rest of the day eating and drinking our way around the world.  We had beer in Canada and Germany, udon noodles and sushi in Japan, gelato in Italy, frozen margaritas in Mexico, and fish and chips in the UK.  We had an incident with a seagull that stole some of our fish. I made a purchase in a shop in the UK and told the sales girl what happened.  She said she was sorry that happened, but it made it more authentic as it happens in the UK, too!   The 3 of us also shopped our way around the world, what a great day!
If only I could give it half a star...unfortunately Yelp is too generous. If you've lived in Manhattan, been to San Francisco, Hong Kong, or even Philadelphia, you'd have to be crazy to think Epcot is remotely enjoyable.  Firstly, Epcot is a huge SCAM!!!  You're forking over an $80 premium to go and drink and eat at Disney's mediocre attempts at international cuisine!!!    The only magic you will experience is the deep gaping hole in your bank account after Mickey and his antisemitic friends are done with you! As for product placement, Epcot is a big whore for it. I'm upset that I paid an $80 premium to get exposed to all these "sponsors".  Every god damned thing was sponsored by a company. Even the bathroom tiles were brought to us by Bounty.   The only highlight of my trip was the turkey drumstick.  All else was mediocre.  Spare yourselves and go to Universal Studios - at least they have rides!
Food of the world, without traveling the world.
This truly is my happiest place on earth. When I die, I want my ashes scattered here. My favorite thing to do is to start with a Margarita in Mexico, and then continue with a Beer and a pretzel in Germany, Champagne in France, and a Beer in the UK. Swing back around and have lunch at the buffet in the German Biergarten and dessert is School bread from Norway. Oh yeah, and ride a ride somewhere in there. If you get there early enough...try to ride Soarin first, it fills up the fastest. If the line is too long, defintely get a fast pass for this ride before you do anything else in this park.
Maybe I'm spoiled from Disneyland. This theme park was just SO boring to me. One of the "rides" featured Ellen and Bill Nye and it was laughable because you could tell that it was from the early 90s. So outdated. Ironically, all the futuristic stuff seemed so passe. Most of the rides were slow and not that entertaining unless you are really, really into science. Living with the Land was the first ride I went on and I was soooo disappointed. It wasn't a ride at all, more like a tour of plants and such. I was hoping it would get better. It did. This was my LEAST favorite ride. One ride that i liked was called "Soaring'. On this ride it feels like you are in the sky and looking over the world. It was fun the first time (we went twice...and I was kinda over it).  I also found out that they have the same ride at California Adventure so this wasn't very special. Test Track was okay because it was the fastest ride but it was short and the line to go back on it was long. The best part of the park was the different countries. I didn't get to spend enough time here but the restaurants and shops were entertaining. I like exploring different cultures. Sadly, it started pouring and we had to run and hang out in a store til it stopped so it was difficult to walk around and we didn't really get to see any shows. If I went again I'd skip the rides and go only to the shopping and restaurants in the different country areas. I'd also go to the firework lake show that everyone on Yelp is talking about. One cool feature they had when I was there was that they had the plants shaped like Disney characters but I think that was a special thing and it's not there all the time. As for characters, the only ones I saw were Chip and Dale and there was a long line to see them. Overall, this theme park is not up to par with the ones in California so I'm glad I live there!
I have always wanted to go to Epcot since I was a kid so I'm glad I finally had the chance to do it!   Once inside, it is standard Disney Magic and all was well.  I imagined that it would be a bigger place though.  Maybe it's because I'm a big kid now. I searched hard for worthwhile souvenirs that I can't get on the West Coast but came away empty-handed.  Oops... Many thanks to Kenny and Renee for getting us in for free on their employee discount!!!
I spent the half a day at Epcot today and didn't get everything done. This place is huge and you could easily spend a whole day there. The park is sort of split into two sections. When you first come in there are all the rides, small shops and activities to do. Top three experiences were: 1. Test track. If the wait is no more than a half hour to forty five minutes don't worry about FP (Fast Pass) just go in as both lines will be about the same. 2. Sum Of All Thrills. Which is a ride where you get to create your own ride. Choose from three different categories and custom create all the twisted and turns. Very futuristic ride and well worth checking out. 3. Soarin' great ride where you soar over the best if California. Well worth the effort of going to see. If you know you want to see it get a FP, it will be a lot quicker due to the popularity of this ride. The second part of the park is separated into lots if different sections each section representing a country from around the world where you can experience the food from this country some sections even have rides. Well worth walking through and looking at.
Epcot is my favorite Disney park because it's not full of little kids.  I really enjoy it there, but it needs to become more modern. I enjoyed Test Track a lot (and the longest lines were for this ride) as well as one of the new additions, Soarin. That was amazing! Get a fast pass for this one!  Mission Space was also thrilling; if you want to feel like your face will fall off do the Orange version.  I didn't care much for the Journey into Imagination.  My absolute favorite is the Spaceship Earth ride (inside the big golf ball); I could ride that again! The international pavillion is also fun but they need to add more countries. And more rides. I am not a fan of movies as attractions, so this is why I think they need to spruce it up.  The nightly illuminations parade is amazing, so make your way down here around 8 pm to snag a spot.
So what did I do on my recent business trip to Orlando? Aside from missing my flight and checking out of my hotel late, I went to Walt Disney World! Epcot to be exact. To preface my story, I had a Thursday to fill so I decided to hit up Epcot on a whim.....by myself. Indeed, single rider here. So $75 for admission is a little steep. I can tell you my experience that day was worth every penny. My obvious reaction upon entering the park was to get every frickin fast pass I could at its earliest time. Cause honestly, when you're by yourself why would you want to stand in line for more than 30 minutes. What am I going to do? Pretend I'm talking to someone important on the cell? I'm going to rate some rides I went on and provide a little bit of personal insight: 1. Soarin (A-): Definitely better the 1st time at California Adventures. I couldn't smell the orange and pine wood as well this time around. Fast pass it. If you're a single rider, as you get closer to the front, they'll probably be calling for your tag. 2. Mission: SPACE (A-): I tried both green and orange. The more intense version was definitely more fun. Either go before you eat or after you digest. Food is no good splattered on the ground. Don't worry green is a cake walk. Those of you that are claustrophobic skip this one. 3. Test Track (A): Single rider heaven. I got on this ride in 5 minutes. That includes the introductory video. The ride itself is a good experience. Indiana Jones-like. If you're riding at night beware of the "real" cold test. 4. The Seas with Nemo and Friends (B+): Good for the Nemo fans and good for me. 5. Journey Into Imagination with Figment (C): Horrible song, mediocre ride. No wait. 6. Spaceship Earth (A): I could go on this all day. The animatronics are amazing. Slight wait but constant movement. 7. Maelstrom (D): Skip it. 8. Ellen's Energy Adventure (B-): My being tired, probably killed the experience. Ellen + Alex Trebek = don't miss. 9. Living with the Land (B+): Wonderful. Probably better to go in the morning. You'll get to see cast members working in the greenhouse. How are floating plants not cool? 10. Club Cool (A+): Not a ride but how can you pass on free soda from around the world? Germany and Japan were great. Italy, on the other hand, tasted like I was sipping bitter pharmacy brand vodka with plastic in it. Gross.   The World Showcase is really what EPCOT is about. If you decide to visit EPCOT, you can skip Future World but you have to explore the World Showcase. Japan, Canada, Norway, and Germany were my favorites. Chinese acrobats were amazing even though one kid messed up on the jump rope twice. 360 of Canada made me want to visit our neighbor. American Adventure had probably the best animatronics in the park. The clown at Italy put on a great show. Oh ya don't forget the BOOZE. There were two regrets I had: 1. I missed out on Illuminations because my flip flops would not carry me any further. 2. I didn't say anything when two Asian girls said hi to me while we passed each other shoulder to shoulder. Chicken butt.
EPCOT! Usually my favorite destination in Orlando but this time around didn't feel the same. We came here during their International Food and Wine festival. It sounded really cool but the food and wine...meh. Nothing special. They overcharged the food and drinks by a lot!! I ordered a Cherry bacardi smoothie or something from the Puerto Rico booth. It was like 8 bucks for a small plastic cup of smoothie... Such a rip. Didn't taste any hint of rum. As for food, the portions at every international booth were so tiny and it ranged from 5 to 9 bucks. It's like a little sample portion people serve at supermarkets but in this case, they're chargin you! At every world except for London, the employees looked very bored and unenthusiastic of their country character. The German girls were just standing to the side almost ignoring the customers and same went for Norway and many of the other countries. When we finally reached London, we had a few beers at the pub and met the "Hat Lady". She was very friendly, taking pictures with people, smiling, asking people where they're from. I've been to all the rides here before. I was looking forward to Soarin' again this time but after waiting on line for 65 minutes, it wasn't as exciting as it was the first time. The Mission Space ride is the worse! Makes you nauseous right from lift off. I had to splash some water on my face to get myself out of that funk. Captain EO was pretty cool. I looked around and saw a lot of kids falling asleep or bored or scared. But I liked it. It was cool to see Michael on a big screen and pull of his dance moves. Too bad they got rid of Honey I Shrunk The Kids for Captain EO though. Best part of my day here would have to be the Turkey leg I had. It was humongous. I wish they served it on a platter with some Spanish rice and beans. I guess I gotta come to Epcot every 10-15 years to enjoy it more because I just came here 2-3 years ago. Still a great place for families and friends to come to.
Oh, wow! What to do for my 1,000th review? I decided to pick something that was near and dear to me from experience. Epcot was one of those experiences. This theme park is mostly educationally based so unlike the Magic Kingdom where you go there just for fun and the attractions not really making attempts to educate anything upon you this one is just the opposite. The big dome which is famous for Epcot is great and there are so many rides around here you are lucky to get them all in a days time. Probably my favorite aspect to Epcot is all of the different 'countries' that you can go to. You walk a little ways and you walk right into a different country in no time at all. Often times I wish I could do that for real with so little effort. We decided that Norway would be our country of choice while visiting so we had a very nice meal Norwegian style. The food mainly consisted of fish which was alright but I was not aware that that was what Norwegians primarily ate. Nevertheless the meal was excellent and the desserts wonderful! The tourist shops for Norway contained many little troll figurines. Something of folklore and famous in Norway. My grandmother when she went to Norway she brought home two little troll figurines for my brother and I and low and behold here were more of these trolls she bought us! The Norway country feature also sported a very cool ride which was quite dazzling and fun! It is Disney World, what rides isn't dazzling and fun?
Want to know why no one really goes to World's Fairs anymore?  Because Disney arguably made the perfect permanent World's Fair.  It's in Disney World.  It's called "EPCOT". EPCOT stands for what Walt Disney originally intended EPCOT to be--the Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow.  EPCOT was supposed to be a planned community of the future.  This wasn't realized with EPCOT, rather, the Disney company tried to realize it with Celebration, Florida.  (Walt Disney was an innovator in many ways, and tried to innovate city planning.)  But that's a different story. So, EPCOT is not really an amusement park.  I guess it technically is, as there are rides and attractions.  However--don't go expecting a boardwalk, some roller coasters, corny dogs and Ferris Wheels.  (Chances are, if you're at Disney in the first place, you probably weren't expecting this anyhow.) EPCOT may be my favorite Disney Park.  (It's my fiancee's least favorite, I think.)  As of this writing, there's really no other place quite like it on earth.  If you like traveling and technology (two of my favorite things), you'll probably dig EPCOT. Epcot is split into two sections:  The "Future World" (technology section) and "World Showcase" (the travel section.).  Future world is far more quick to change than the World Showcase, due to Disney's need to constantly update "futuristic" stuff, so it doesn't look outdated. This review could be MUCH longer, but I will stick to the highlights, as I may elect to go back and write a review of each pavilion. Future World Highlights: -The Electric Umbrella is a pretty decent cheap place to grab a quick burger.  There's a lot of indoor seating.  I think there's a quieter upstairs area you can sit at. -Fastpass Soarin'.  (And fastpass it first--they run out.)  It's the most overrated attraction in the parks.  If you've done the one in California and you're limited for time, skip it--it's pretty much the same thing. -Try the sodas from around the world at Innoventions. -Bill Nye fans shouldn't miss Ellen's Energy Adventure. World Showcase: -In the summer, I believe that the World Showcase may actually be the hottest place on earth.  (Only some places I've been in Mexico--the actual Mexico, not the World Showcase pavilion--rival it.) -It's a LOOOOONG walk to walk around the world showcase.  (I just approximated it in Google Earth--comes out to just over a mile, not stopping at any pavillion.)  Put on your walkin' shoes. -For those that are over 21 and are there with their friends / spouse.  I highly recommend "Drinkin' Round the World."  This is a drinking game, popularized by cast members, where the goal is to start on one side of the showcase, and have a drink at every pavilion as you go around.  Good luck.  (I'm a lightweight, and have never made it too far.) -Check the concert schedule.  If you look closely enough, you may see top names perform here.  Not that he's the highest of names, but I saw Arlo Guthrie perform three times in the World Showcase, in front of the American Adventure.  This was a really cool, intimate setting for a concert. -Don't miss the rides in the world showcase:  Mexico (usually a walk-on), and Norway.  I like the American Adventure show as well. -The Irish Pub in England is a decent place to eat.  My favorite World Showcase restaurant is Mexico, though. EPCOT is a lot of fun.  However, nothing tops how unique of a place it is.
If the company ever did decide to make Walt's original dream for Epcot become a reality and turn it into a real working community, I'd be the first person to show up with all my earthly possessions. Admittedly, I have a huge bias for Epcot because when I was a fresh faced 19 year old working for the Mouse for a semester, this is where I was placed, and it became my second home.  I actually didn't think much of the park the first time I visited it two years prior because it was such a departure from the Magic Kingdom that I was used to.  The Disney characters you're used to seeing are still there, but not as "visible", and the park is generally not teeming with strollers and wee ones like the aforementioned MK, but that's not to say that kids don't enjoy it.   I think, however, that Epcot is more likely to have an appeal to people who visit for the first time as adults than the Magic Kingdom would.  You can catch up on up-and-coming technology at Innoventions, become immersed in deep sea life in the Living Seas, learn about innovations in farming at The Land, get launched on a shuttle in Mission Space, and take a car for a spin around a Test Track.  And that's just Future World.  Walk a bit further towards the lake and you're opened up to the World Showcase, a mini tour of several countries from around the world.  My fellow interns and I came to regard this as "our mall", as the WSC is a great place to shop, eat, and people watch.  What I find particularly charming about the World Showcase is that the cast members who work there are the real deal: the majority of them are students on the International Program who come to Orlando to work for a year.  An excellent place to ogle German and Norwegian boys in their knee-high socks and try out your French in the French bakery. :-)
EPCOT as others have noted, is geared more toward adults than the other Disney parks. It's not that there isn't stuff for kids, there definitely is, but the world showcase is more fun for adults. The front of the park has pavilions like Energy, Seas, Land and the twin Innoventions buildings. You've got rides like Soarin' which I think is a complete waste of time. Wait 40 minutes just to get a look at people legs dangling above you? No thanks. You've got rides like Ellen's Energy, Spaceship Earth, Mission Space and Test Track.  They have a soda tasting building and another dedicated solely to character meet and greets. Wear the kids out in the front then when they take naps in the strollers head to the world showcase. There countries like Mexico, Canada, France, Moracco and Japan have shops, food and drink to enjoy. Try to drink your way around the world... best to do if you don't have kids with you! Sample some of the food, much of it made to order. There are a few rides in the World Showcase but nothing impressive. Maelstrom in Norway and a boat ride in Mexico. At least they give you a break off your feet!
Spent most of our time in this area.  We absolutely LOVED the test track!!!  That was awesome!  Plenty of eating & shopping choices here - especially at the World Showcase.  The lagoon is beautiful and you can cut through some of the areas by taking the boat as well.
Epcot is my second favorite of the theme parks, Magic Kingdom being number 1 only because it is my daughters favorite. I like Epcot because I can at least have an Imported beer and better food while at Disney. I'm not gaga for the countries because the fact that I am in Orlando Florida never leaves my mind. No I do not feel like I'm in Tokyo when we are in "Japan Epcot".  It is nice to have my daughter somewhat "experience" other countries, but lets face it she is there to see sleeping beauty. I like the sit down meal in Norway, you can get yourself Ikea meatballs for $100. Beware that children are no longer children after 9, and a sitdown meal will cost you the adult price of upwards $40 when the kid still wants the pizza off the kids menu. That said it is truly "magical" to spend the time with your child and see their face light up when they meet their favorite characters. Once she is over it though I hope to take better vacations with her. Maybe we will do Disney next year in Europe.
We just took our first adult Disney trip, Epcot was our favorite Disney park, without question. Our longest wait was about 25 mins for the Spaceship Earth inside the main structure when walking into the park. To the right of the entrance is "the sea" a great building with rides, shows, and an aquarium! The ride was Finding Nemo themed and very fun, not a thriller but the visuals were great. There was an aquarium where you could see various fish as well as Manatees. The show was an interactive experience with Crush from Finding Nemo, this was Jo's favorite thing out of all of Disney!! The "guppies" (little kids) sat in front and could talk to Crush and ask him questions. Well, kids do say the darnedest things and had all the adult audience members laughing. The responses from Crush, an onscreen turtle, were flawless and hilarious. Very well done.   Next, The Land. The ride Soarin' is located here and the wait is very, very long. We had to skip it and come back later on. The ride was definitely not worth the wait. There is also a tour ride of Disney's greenhouse area. This was a very cool experience with decent animatronics and a cool inside look into how Disney grows their plants, definitely a must see. The food court in there seemed to be fairly priced, but we knew we had the World's Showcase to look forward to, we saved our appetites.       World's Showcase is my favorite part of all of Disney!! It has delicious food, drinks, shopping, entertainment, and a couple rides. What more could you ask for? Oh yea, great views of all of Epcot! First, we walked through Canada, which much like the country was uneventful, a steakhouse ($$$$) and a ten minute video about Canada, hosted by Martin Short (apparently he is Canadian). We didn't stay for the video but we did check out the gift shop, which had laughable tshirts and quirky "Canadian" items (ketchup flavored potato chips). Next, Great Britain, we stopped for street side Fish and Chips. What a treat! The fish was very deep fried, just the way us Americans like and served with either tartar sauce or malt vinegar (yummy!) and the French fries (chips) were thick and soft. The courtyard had a show with a band, I quite enjoyed it. France was the next country, we stopped for pastries (because, why not?) I had a chocolate croissant and that was very delicious, Jo had apple strudel and he was pleasantly surprised it was flaky and gooey on the inside. We looked at the menu for the French sit down restaurant and it was insanely overpriced. I can imagine a family of four easily paying $300 for a dinner. Next, was Morocco. Mmm mmm mmm!!! We split a falafel wrap!! It was so very tasty. The falafel was crispy and well seasoned. The cucumber sauce was a little different than what I'm used to but very good. It came with couscous (the best!) and lentils (also very good). The jewelry and clothing in Morocco were the best! Save your money for here!! In Japan, we had the shrimp tempura Udon and it was a treat!!! We got to see the drum show and that was very cool as well, live entertainment in Epcot is great. The entire staff in Japan was very in character. We bought some gifts in the Japanese gift shops and the cashier spoke in Japanese first and then in English, which was very cool. The America part was lame. The same food you can find at any of the Disney parks and if you have been to DC it is not worth spending your time. We went to Norway next... It was very out of place. The food was fairly obscure, however, the museum with the Viking memorabilia was kind of interesting. Norway could definitely be skipped or exchanged for just about any country (maybe South American???) Germany was next and my favorite country in the showcase. I got a bratwurst with sauerkraut, which did not disappoint this German girl (the price wasn't bad either, around $6.50) I also got a souvenir cup filled with Oktoberfest, very cold and tasty. Jo got a apple strudel and thought it was good, it was different than in France but still good. There is a fairly priced buffet here that I would recommend for families. China was next, fairly bland, we sort of skipped over it. However, the buildings were very nice. The acrobatics show was only offered on Tuesdays so we missed it, bummer. Mexico was awesome! The underground marketplace definitely reminded me of being in Mexico, except for the prices. We paid $30 for 2 specialty margaritas. I thought they were delicious, Jo said they were too sweet. But they were unique and worth a try, in my opinion. The Mexican food was way too over priced (trust me, we know our Mexican food).    After the World Showcase we did the Chevy Test Track. The best part of this ride is creating your car. Not worth the wait. The actual ride part was lacking and short.  Overall, if you want to see awesome animatronics, eat good food, and have a really enjoyable day Epcot is the place to be. Also, the only park where you can drink freely. This easily receives our 5 star rating.
I lost my Disney-virginity here at Epcot.  While the other boys and girls give away theirs at a much younger age I decided to wait - and you know, make it special.  And special it was as I have to say it was better than Hollywood Studios and the Magic Kingdom for my first Disney (and not last) trip. Mission: SPACE Advanced Training Lab almost made me throw up (there are actually hurl bags in the pod) - my dad actually did.  Nonetheless it was really quite authentic and I really felt as if we went through some real G-forces. Spaceship Earth, Test Track, The Seas with Nemo & Friends, and many other rides and attractions were great as my folks were able to handle the rest.
The park is maintained extraordinarily clean! The rides need some major facelifts though, especially spaceship earth. They added a really cute interactive piece at the end but ugh still not cutting it. The food and wine festival in the world showcase is great but what used to ohhhh and ahhhh in the eighties no longer does in 2011, even after a few wines. Soaring is an absolute must. Truly felt realistic! All in all we had a fantastic time but couldnt help noticing these details.
The infamous giant golf ball... Epcot's signature symbol, which I was pretty obsessed about during the day and night with my pictures, was awesome and magnificent! :) World Showcase was pretty awesome. It felt like a mini Vegas with different countries around the park.  Of course, the highlight of Epcot is the different types of liquor and drinks available to represent each country.  It makes it fun for us adults trying to conquer a drink from each country!  What's also pretty cool is all the workers in each country are ACTUALLY from that country.  You can see on their name tags from which city/town they are also from.  It makes it more genuine and real.  There are also musical pieces such as a moroccan belly dance with live music.  They pretty much try to imitate the country to make you feel like you have travelled there! Throughout your walk, you will be able to meet different disney characters also dressed in that country's costume!  We got to see Aladdin and Jasmine, Snow White, and Mulan.   Food is pretty standard for a theme park. Nothing to boast about but the fish and chips in the UK was probably the best thing that we had.....sad to say! Rides are average to me.  A bit too educational since it is more geared towards kids.  The best ride is the test track.  Always get fastpass and you will be perfectly fine!  Mission to Mars literally made me so nauseous for some weird reason.  Energy with Ellen made me fall asleep...Spaceship Earth was pretty cool seeing your face on animations. Lastly, the best thing about Epcot: Illuminations show!!! Must see :) Great place to visit at least once!
This is my favorite park of all the Walt Disney World resort parks. Coming from California and visiting Disneyland in California I wish we had one of these parks here. This park is by no means a thrill park. It's an educational park meant to enlighten and inspire you. With the two main regions of the park Future World and World Showcase, it will take at least two days to really explore this amusement park. Future world is designed as a innovative Tomorrowland. They showcase the latest technologies and inspire you with innovative ways to make your everyday life simpler. They do have a few thrill rides like Soarin, Test Track, and Mission Space. World showcase is a showcase of countries around the world showcase Lagoon. Most of the countries have their own attractions like Circle vision theater showcasing their perspective cultures or a river ride as well. The countries also have a wide variety of shopping and dining locations where you can sample cuisine from their prospective countries. The employees working are actually working here on a visa from their prospective countries as well. At night right before the park closes they have a fireworks laser and fire show that will send you off into amazement. Illumination's is one of the best shows on the world showcase Lagoon. They even light up the countries buildings in the background. If you ever come to visit the Walt Disney World resort I highly suggest coming to visit Epcot.
EPCOT is my all time favorite Disney park.  The rides are good but I live the World Showcase!  It is so much fun seeing the different countries.  I enjoy going into the shops and seeing the different items they have.  I also love that you can try the different foods and drinks from the countries.  EPCOTS festivals are the best.  My favorite is food and wine but the others are awesome as well.
Around the world is a lot of fun, just make sure you have a DD and comfortable shoes!!
Epcot is the most ignored of the parks but it shouldn't be that way. I completed a short 6 month internship there and saw everything on stage and behind it. All things considered I love Epcot and will always view it as my favorite park. There is so much to learn and be excited about there. Epcot has a rich an interesting history and I invite you to read up on it. If Walt were alive this would not be his ideal park, but the impact it's had on the people who visit every day would surely make him happy. Disney, in an entertainment sense, has always attempted to tell a story while you walk through their grounds. I believe this park tells the story of the world and how diverse everyones culture really is, the fairytale being that we're all getting along and blending in together to contribute to the greater good of humanity. The world showcase is beautiful and the work put into creating each country is awe inspiring. My favorite country is Morocco, for being crafted by actual Moroccan artisans, go check it out... The best place to eat (quick service food) is Sunshine Seasons by Sorin'. I worked there, the kitchen is really clean and all of the cast members work really hard to create yummy healthy treats for you. Try the Ahi Salad... it is so good!  Or the soups... the chefs make the soups there in that kitchen. The soup is NEVER bad. You can sample it... and you get some crackers too. Plus the seating is abundant... and you can even find some simi-private areas to sit on slow days. ... While at Epcot don't forget to ride the Friendship boats to MGM... maybe you'll run into a few of my fellow cast members... since I use to drive those boats, too. Stay for the fireworks, they're EPIC! 2,789 fireworks all to the music of the London Symphony Orchestra... I still remember my spiel... three years later, how cute. (If you go to the fireworks, depending on the wind conditions your best view is in Mexico, or Canada... next to the handicap sections.) Bring your kids and talk about culture. The people who work in the countries are actually from those countries and are usually pretty happy to explain things... but DON'T go to Canada and say "EH" a lot... Please, be a little more creative with your interactions.
The only Disney theme park I've visited. It was a unique experience traveling throughout the world showcase. I started of the day with a margarita in Mexico, enjoyed werther's original Carmel popcorn in Germany, and devoured delicious ravioli di pollo in Italy. I enjoyed beers and drinks from every country, but the best were real October fest from Germany, strongbow in the United Kingdom, and moose head in Canada. I strongly recommend the world showcase for anyone older than 21 without kids. The experience of quickly ever changing cultures is one of a kind. Future world was alright mainly crowded by families and endless kids. More than once I was cut off in line by a child that's parents were no where to be found. But there are however three fantasizing thrills in future world. First to hit early in the day to avoid potential 120 minute waits is fast track. Unless you have the money you need to go here before anything else it's unbelievable how quick the wait doubles and doubles. Soarin was good, not great if the line gets ridiculous skip it. If you get the chance to visit the Disney in California their vision is ten times better. Lastly is mission space, the line goes up and down at the attraction so come back another time if it's more than a half hour. Also I want to add one more thing about world showcase visit the gift shops in every country they each have their own cultured thing for lack of better words. I got a Chinese fan for my mother and they kindly wrote her name in Chinese on it. My girlfriend picked an oyster from the tank in a japan gift shop and got it made into a ring! (for $70)
I love Epcot, though review is probably based, for the most part, on the "Around the World Drinking Challenge" How much fun is an amusement park where you can drink something other than beer? All those things that are fun as a kid are even more fun once you are 21+. Just saying... Epcot is one of the parks I never get to spend enough time is. I love nerding out at "The Land" and Figment is my favorite Disney character so it is nice to visit him. The fireworks at night are amazing and a great way to end a visit. The only complain I would have is price, but this is Disney so that is to be expected...
I remember going to Epcot as a kid, I was so bored... As an adult I love it.  The front part of the park has exhibits about technology as well as rides like Soarin' which is a flight simulator ride, and test track which is the latest and greatest Epcot ride.  In test track you design your own car and then simulate racing around the track.  I have to say test track is not worth a long wait, but with Fast Pass it's not bad.  I find the Living With The Land ride to be fascinating.  Hydroponic and Aquaponic growing is amazing.  FYI, the restaurant in The Land building slowly rotates and you get a view of the Living With The Land Ride from the restaurant. The staff is just about universally fantastic, everyone there seems to love their job.  The rest of the park is representative of different countries from around the world.  The dining options are almost endless, but book well in advance because many of them fill up quickly.  Mexico and Norway are the only countries that have rides, and they're worth doing, the waits usually aren't long.  At night be sure to see the illuminations show in the center of the lake.  Lasers, lights, a giant globe all set to music, it's fantastic.  The perfect way to finish off a great day.
I love EPCOT so much. As a young man coming up in the world, I found it duller than Magic Kingdom or MGM, but now that I am older and wiser I enjoy what this park has to offer much more. I am an old man at heart. I freely admit this, and by way of an example I will state here and now that Journey Into Communication in Spaceship Earth (the big ball) is my favorite ride. It's a slow-moving gondola ride through the history of communication. And it's fantastic. Jeremy Irons does the narration. The rest of the front half of the park is called Future World, featuring Innoventions, which contains glimpses of potential technology, and pavilions like The Land, Universe of Energy, Mission: Space, and more. Each has things to see and rides to go on, mostly with a theme of knowing more about the world around you. Traveling further into the park is the World Showcase, with areas set up for 11 different countries, each staffed by people from said countries, on exchange. Each country has a ride/show or two, plus some dining and shopping options. The restaurants are usually some of the best food you'll find in Walt Disney World. Japan, for instance, has a teppanyaki restaurant which is fantastic and fun to see. So, Epcot is a lot of fun, but it's not as exciting as the other parks. This is for the older crowd that might appreciate what they see and hear more than the little ones who just want to meet Mickey (though the characters do make appearances, and you'll get chances to meet Aladdin and Jasmine in Morocco).
This Disney themepark is yesterday's idea of tomorrow.  Many of its exhibits, set pieces and even general layout are so dated that it's retro - in a bad way (you're trapped in an 80's version of the future). If you're trying to save time & money, your resources are better invested in Universal Studios. My parents first took me to EPCOT  (which stands for Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow).when I was a kid back in the 80's. I literally felt I was transported into the future. 20 years later, I came back w/my wife and to my chagrin, EPCOT has barely changed. CONS: *  The showcases and exhibits are quite dated by today's standards. It appears that our technology caught up, and then surpassed EPCOT. Many of their set pieces, robots and other exhibits could be found in Target, Brookstone or your local planetarium. Some of their graphical animations pale in comparison to the graphics found in the Playstation 3. *  EPCOT's buildings such as  the glass pyramids of Imagination! and even the iconic Spaceship Earth (not sure why it's called a spaceship since it's nothing but a giant silver golf ball) may have looked futuristic back in the 80's but by today's standards, they look...ordinary. *  Even its general layout of its green lawns and artifical ponds look like something you'd see everyday. In fact, it left me w/an unmistakable feeling that I'm in Secaucus, NJ. If you don't know what's Secaucus, NJ, the fact that I'm comparing EPCOT to a place in NJ, let alone a township called Secaucus, should give you concern. *  Even the World Showcase Lagoon (which in my opinion, is the only attraction worth visiting in EPCOT at this point) could use alot of improvement. The staff working in the French attraction were quite unfriendly (are they trying to be the stereotypical snotty French???). The Japanese showcase is nothing but a giant store where you can buy some Japanese goods. The Japanese castle is STILL inacessible 20 yrs. later. Finally, I have no idea why they are showcasing Norway. Perhaps EPCOT's Norwegian showcase does little justice to the actual country but based on the exhibits, it was as exotic as Canada (indeed, oil drilling was of the things being displayed). I think I'll get just as much culture and exotic experience going to IKEA. PROS: *  The World Showcase Lagoon, which replicates certain countries (by way of food, costumed actors, goods and sites), is the only thing worth visiting at this time. Thankfully, the Mexico showcase is still as good as I remember (the underground boat ride is still pretty cool). You actually feel like you're in a bazaar in Morocco. Germany had very delicious strudels, sausages, saukrauts and amusing live entertainment in the beer garden. Yes, German BEER to those who care. The Chinese exhibit is quite notable as well, esp. the live performance by acrobats/contortionists from China. *  Oddly enough, the churros served all over EPCOT was actually good. Yes, in the world tomorrow, churros will replace hotdogs. Churros, remember that.
This place is so fun and interesting!  You get to "travel" to different countries of the world and get a taste of what that country has to offer.  It's a small park compared to the other theme parks in the resort, but it's worth a stop. -------------------------------------------------- EDIT:  I forgot to mention the ride, Mission: Space.  What the hell is that?  Supposedly, even though you feel like you're lifting off into space, the ride is actually spinning at an incredibly fast speed.  You're confined to this seat with this monitor shoved into your face, which isn't too comfortable.  But there's a paper bag on the side in case you hyperventilate... how nice of them.   It's really an uncomfortable ride, but it's a cool experience I guess.  As you're lifting off, the pressure against your skin/face really makes you believe you're going into space.
Just went to epcot today. Horrible time! We actualy complained and got comp for another park.  Got there around 12:30 afternoon and headed straight for soarin to get fastpasses for my group.  All passes were already distributed and the worker told me that the wait ws approximately 3 hours becuz they were operating at half capacity due to technical difficulties. WTF?!  Are yoy kidding!?  And the test track ride was closed.  so after paying $14 for parking and $85 per person in our group of 10, we were not going to stand for this nonsense! We went to guest relations and asked for a refund. They offered us another park instead, so we chose MK. Let me give you a tip.  If you're not completely satisfied with this theme park and it's still early, just go to guest relations and complain about it. Ask for a transfer to another park if you didn't buy hopper tickets. Disney parks are reduculously priced and so way over crowded, but think about it.  They let way tooooo many people in on purpose.  This way, it seems like there's alot to do, but really you're spending most of your time waiting in line or walking from one place to another. If they set a max number of guest per day, you could  litterally to a whole theme park in a few hours.  A ride is maybe 4 minutes average.  Think back at how long you wait for the popula rides and even the not so popular rides. These parks are out dated and simply a cash cow for the disney corp. Magic kingdom was nice, but nothing has changed inthe last 10 years or more. Just ridiculous! I've said too much already and have started to ramble now. EPCOT SUCKS!
My girlfriend brought me here because she thought it would be the best of the Disney Parks for a "brainiac" coupled with the fact that you could sample alcoholic beverages from around the world at the park. Overall this is a very interesting park with a set up of Future World and Around the World. We visited during the extremely busy holiday times, so the wait times for the rides were ridiculous in the Future World.  If you have the ability, try to schedule a trip at a time period when kids are not out of school, this will improve your wait times in the lines. To get around the wait times, we held off on any of the rides until the evening when many of the crowds died down.  Although many use fast pass, we were late risers, so missed many of our opportunities.  We did the "Mission Space," "Nemo," and "Spaceship Earth." Due to the lines, we passed on many of the more thrilling rides at the park. We sampled wines and brews from around the world as we walked around the park. The around the world displays are very nice. And is very nice to walk around and check out. We ate in "China" and the food was very good by comparison of other Chinese food that we've had to eat over time. A solid experience and a place that I'd visit again, but since this was my first Orlando theme park, I have a lot of new experiences in the queue before I can make it back.
Italian Margarita from the Italian Pavillon is the best drink. I love to eat my way around the world. The rides are fun too. My daughter now loves Figment. All of the countries do an amazing job representing their homeland in the food and the ambiance. My favorite countries are France and Italy but the Beer Cheese Soup from Canada reminds me of growing up in the North Country and being able to have real Canadian Beer Cheese Soup whenever we wanted.
This park is by far my favorite in the WDW resort.  It's like a foodfest if you time everything correctly and have a huge appetite, both of which I'm extremely skilled at. They actually hire people from those countries to come and work there for a few months, and so a lot of them actually have heavy accents and are difficult to understand (i.e. ordering excellent, delicious sushi in Japan). Of course they're all super nice, and one of the guys in Morocco offered to write my name in Arabic.  Oh, and he was super gorgeous too. The gift shops are actually worth going into; I heard a woman who grew up in London remark that the UK gift shop carried a toy and candy that she loved while growing up, and hadn't seen in years since she'd been living in the US. I could pretty much spend the whole day on the international side, eating my way through the countries - gelato, funnel cakes, crepes, ramen, churros, etc.  Epcot also serves tons of alcoholic drinks, and drinking your way through is also an option.  The food is good (the ones you get at the restaurant, with waiter service will always taste better because it's a lot more freshly made, but it'll be more expensive), the drinks are good, and this place is just gorgeous. There's a hidden secret to Epcot that I discovered the last time I was there:  the Coca-Cola cooling station.  You can try 6 or 7 different soft drinks from countries around the world that have the hype and popularity of Coke/Pepsi products here.  Some of them are good, others.. not so much.  But it's all free, and it's a good place to quench your thirst. Most people remark that they're not on vacation to "learn," but really, when it's put into a Disney context, learning is fun.  Make sure you bring your camera!
This is my favorite Disney park...probably because of all the food choices. I like visiting each country. I've been a couple times and still haven't done everything. It's really neat to stay for the fireworks. If you do the Mission Space pick the lesser of two evils if you can't handle intense pressure and closed spaces. I'll go back again if I'm at Disney.
Epcot is definitely at the top of my list for favorite theme parks to visit.  When I was a wee young chap, I used to despise Epcot for it's forced educational value.  However, as I have grown, so have my tastes for educational value and I have learned to see the greatness of this park.   If you are like me and can't afford to go globetrotting just yet (it's on my list of things to do), then Epcot is a worthy alternative to your jet-setting desires.  They have great restaurants which are correlated with the "country" they are in.  They do a great fireworks show at night, and with the end of summer comes the Food and Wine festival, which is a great representation of each represented country's food and wine in the form of samples.  If you are with the kids, I would recommend going to one of the other parks, but this is a great park for everyone.
After exploring Epcot, Magic Kingdom and Hollywood.  Epcot is by far the most adult friendly.  My husband and I were able to enjoy well made drinks and had an adult-like atmosphere.  After visiting Disney World, we noticed that it isn't too adult friendly.  We appreciated what we could get at Epcot.  I did enjoy a 'hot' wine in Germany I particularly liked because I never drank hot wine before, and the taste was quite enjoyable.  Overall I liked how they sold beer and wine at the outside stands.  Although Epcot's lines moved slow, I do have to say that Disney World is one uncomfortably pact place.  It almost makes the whole experience less enjoyable.
Epcot has several things that make it a wonderful place; 1. "Impressions de France" is beautiful and the music is perfect 2. Mariachi Cobre in the Mexico pavilion are one of the best bands I have ever heard 3. Soarin' is great 4. The steak house at the Canada pavilion is delicious 5. The shop at the Germany pavilion sells adorable Christmas decorations and "Katzenzungen"--literally cat tongues--little chocolates shaped like a cat's tongue 6. The Chinese acrobats are astonishing beyond description 7. The 360 degree films in Canada and China are impressive 8. You get to hear a variety of languages all in one afternoon 9. Test Track is exciting 10. The Universe of Energy is educational, as is the Viking exhibit in the Norway pavilion Beware, Mission Space is brutal, and certainly not for anyone who has the slightest potential for motion sickness.  The Food and Wine Festival is not fun for people who don't drink, since by the time the fireworks go off there are a lot of semi-drunk people being obnoxious.   The boat ride at the Mexico pavilion isn't as good as it used to be, now that it has Donald Duck, though I suppose it's less offensive.  The show at the America pavilion glosses over some of the bad parts of US history.  Way too many countries are not represented at all.  Why no South American countries or Australia?  Also, they missed out by not giving Italy, Japan or Germany any real attractions.  It's a shame, really, when you consider how easily they could have built Test Track at the Germany pavilion and called it "Autobahn".   Still, Epcot is great.  Just make sure you fast-pass Soarin'.
So wizzing around in a car in Test Track that goes 75 mph (something I could do and drive in real life) has somehow made me still smile? The   ride in "Mexico's" World Showcase in a little boat with vintage footage of the country and dusty sombreros is laughable. That ride is so bad that it's good. Is it bad that I feel guilty that this attraction was so fun to mock? The pasteries in "France" are delightful tasting. Japan has an awesome gift store with imported candy and postcards straight from Tokyo. This is one place I have to grudgingly admit that I enjoy.
Definitely a fun park for adults! My most favorite ride was definitely soaring over california, and the sum of all thrills where I got to design my own roller coaster ride and email the video of the ride to myself... and the most memorable was Mission Space. I didn't heed the motion sickness warning of the orange ride in Mission Space, and soon regretted it the moment we "took off" in the ride. I was amazed by how they could simulate the G force and I felt my stomach churning and I could barely move my arms. When we successfully "landed in Mars" in the ride's simulation, all I could wish for was for us not to return back to Earth because I was pretty sure I was going to throw up if I had to take it again. That being said, I love the new FastPass+ system where you can reserve your fast passes ahead of time instead of having to run around the park with the planning. We also had a ridemax subscription so that helped us to plan our day in the park pretty well and we had plenty of time to walk around the world showcase. We were lucky that the International Food and Wine festival was happening at Epcot, and there were many food kiosks set up at every world showcase selling different food from the various countries. Yum yum. We definitely ate our way through the showcases! Since the festival was sponsored by Chase, there was also a special Chase lounge where you could chill, get your phone batteries charged, get free drinks, and even get free wristbands for access to a special viewing area of the Illuminations fireworks! How awesome is that? Epcot is a pretty scienc-y park and I can see how it can be totally educational for kids... pretty different from Magic Kingdom where it is more about princesses and castles and the typical Disney brand of magic. Would totally come back again! Not to mention, the fireworks were spectacular! Although I thought it was a little too short... maybe it's just me.
As a local this is my favorite of the Disney theme parks. Wanted to try out the new Test Track, but the wait was three hours and there were no more Fast Passes to be had. Next time I visit this ride will be my first to pick up a Fast Pass. My favorite part of Epcot is the countries. France has always been my favorite. I get to practice my French with the natives and the Patissierie (bakery) is always a must try. They are even expanding the bakery in 2013. However, I will say $12.00 for a glass of wine at the wine tasting station is  high even for Disney. Japan, Norway and Mexico are also close favorites. Japan offers a wide variety of Japanese merchandise and foods, Norway and Mexico offer great rides and the bar in Mexico is a great place to grab a drink, as well as chips and queso with friends. I would like to see some updates in the future. The countries section is about thirty year's old and starting to show it's age. However, they do seem to be updating all the rides in the front section of Epcot. Can't wait to go back and try out the new Test Track!!!
From a Grown up perspective I loved Epcot. If you ask my daughter should would tell you it was boring and didn't have any fun rides. Lucky for me we came during the wine and food festival. Unlucky for my daughter since she is 16 and can not partake in any of the wine festivities. If you're looking for an action packed day of fun, then this is not the park to go to. If you're looking for some down time and just want to meander then this is the place to go. they have lots of great food from all over the world and the different areas are usually staffed by people from the actual countries. We especially like the gelato from Italy and the food from the Japan area. Another fun area was the soda stations that let you sample soda from different countries. I loved the watermelon soda for China but the Italy soda (tasted like bitters) was strong enough to grow hair on your chest.
I know i will catch flak from all the disney loving hacks out there.. and you know what.. i dont care.. Something has to be said. I go to Epcot every year for Food and Wine.. i love it, my wife loves it.. and you know what - im (somewhat) ok with paying the exorbitant entrance fee ($94) and then paying my way through all the concession stands and booths in over 30 different countries (Average expediture $7-10 per person).. but what i cant stomach.. not for one more moment is the disgusting and way over the top parking fee.. i mean, seriously $17 just to cross the gate and leave my car while im dropping $200 ($220 after taxes) on entrance fees and another $200-300 on in park purchases? Its ridiculous. The gate fee is enough, in my opinion, to warrant free parking - or at least be reasonable and put it bakc to the $5-$10 range. Stop milking your faithful and loyal guests. and Yes.. i did give this four stars because at least they are being nice to you and provididng (mostly) good service and entertainment while robbing you in broad daylight. Honestly, you shouldnt have to pay to park at any theme park if you are parking on-site. Its just a money-grab for the greedy.
Have you ever wondered what Mexico was like?  How about Japan or China?  This is not a park for the rides so much though there are things for the kids.  Although it has not changed much over the years, in fact, I haven't noticed a great deal of improvements since it opened in the 1980s.  Adults will enjoy this park more than the kids however.  One of the things that I really like is the ability to interact with people from the cultures that are represented in the international pavillions.   My favorites: The Living Seas The Land and Soarin Journey to Imagination (though not as much fun as it used to be) The International Walk (my whole reason for going) Japan (food...on nom nom) China (check out the acrobat show) Mexico (sombreros anyone) France (there is a show) Germany (excellent buffett with German fare...and ladies!) There are great seasonal events too.  The wine festival is something worth checking out, but it gets expensive.  Butterflies in spring! Like other Disney parks the plants are fantastically cared for.   Overall, a good park for adults but kids may like it too.  I go for the food which is not great, but you can get a good variety.
This has got to be my favorite park out of all of the Disney world parks. The world showcase is very unique and definitely a must see! The lines here are bearable maybe because most families opt to go to the magic kingdom which makes the day all much more pleasant at Epcot. There is a lot to see here...don't be fooled by the lack of items listed on the map. The nighttime fireworks show is also a must see. Seriously, plan to give yourself enough time here. Its an awesome park.
I went to Disney World! I can't resist! It has been some time since I was last in Disney World, but I never went to Epcot when I was a child since people said there was nothing there, it is boring, a waste of time, etc. Fast forward about 13 years later to present day and I am so happy I am an adult to enjoy all of what Epcot has to offer. The fun started as soon as we parked the car. Seriously. We got on the tram to go to Magic Kingdom to register some tickets and our person commentating our ride over was hilarious! Just the kind of personality that embodies Disney when it comes to mind, plus I still remembered where we parked by the end of the day thanks to his incessant reminders! =) Fast forward to the actual park... One can not help, but notice the "giant golf ball." We took so many pictures of it throughout the whole day. Such a wonder in architecture. In addition to us taking pictures, we also got the Disney professionals to take pictures for us. By that I mean, they took the park professional pictures and took pictures on my camera. That's right, they all do this! So while you may want that souvenir photo at the end, you can always have some on your own camera as well. So many characters! I do not remember seeing as many in the other parks, but we did not have to deal with such a long line either. I have pictures with Pluto, Minnie, and Donald. I saw a line for Alice in Wonderland so we held off on that. Food & Wine Festival... Talk about perfect timing! The boyfriend and I enjoyed so many things to try. First off, the Cronut! It was exactly everything I imagined and more! Crispy layers and sweet goodness. We also hit up the different countries to try their food. We loved everything we tried and the small portions, although a bit pricey, allowed us to enjoy a lot without getting too stuffed. We also did the wine tasting that went into background on how the wines are made and what affects the process to beer flights! The Big Finale! One of the best fireworks I have ever seen. It is synced up with some epic music and synchronized water & fire effects. I wish we would have had a better view (it also doesn't help just how short I am), but it sure was spectacular! My only regret is that we got to the park later in the day and did not have a chance to check out the future world part as much. Well that just means another trip back in our future!
Don't get me wrong, I like learning about cultures & the environment etc but there is a time and place for everything, I was on vacation and wanted to laugh and have fun and scream on amazing rides, Epcot is not the place LOL. Epcot is good for cultural learning, for taking pictures in the different "countries", and for EATING! If you like all that jazz, this park is for you. 2 cool rides from this park though: #1: Test Track: pretty fun & long ride.  According to Disney, this is their "longest fastest ride". #2: Turtle talk with Crush: omg, it was hilarious. I loved the interactive show, CRUSH is totally awesome DUDEEEE Most other rides in this park are very child-friendly.  I guess that's why I see a lot of families in this park. Off I go to Animal Kingdom LOL.
My very favorite Disney park, based only on the world showcase alone!  I really can do without the other part "future world" which I find outdated and a little boring.  Love love love the world showcase, wish the would add more to it though.  Also, Epcot is the best place for your kids to meet the characters, lines are a lot shorter.  Notice I said kids not adults!  It dives me CRAZY when I see adults waiting on line to get a picture with the characters, taking time away from the kids.  So to all of you adults that do that STOP! You look creepy and everyone makes fun of you.
EPCOT stands for "Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow." While most people consider Walt Disney an idealist, a visit to EPCOT reveals a cynic who obviously believed that the future would be an overpopulated police state where the super-rich trample on the poor. The front half of the park, Future World, is a nightmarish dystopia filled with stark Soviet-bloc architecture, biometric checkpoints and thousands of shuffling, unhappy tourists standing in endless queues while members of the privileged class cut to the front. But here's the really weird part: the back half of the park, World Showcase, is completely different! It's still insanely crowded, but everyone seems much happier as they walk through spaces that are carefully crafted to evoke the architecture and ambience of several different countries. I particularly liked the Germany section, and I was impressed to see souvenirs by such well-known German companies as Steinbach, King and Steiff--this is some quality stuff! We went for the 2014 International Food & Wine Festival, and I was impressed by how quickly they were able to serve people at the food booths. Most of the food was very good, and the prices were acceptable. It was still pretty expensive compared with what you might get outside the park, but the variety made up for the cost. But my favorite part of the entire day was something that felt like a non sequitur to me: an exhibit area called The Seas with Nemo & Friends. I was particularly blown away by an attraction called Turtle Talk with Crush. Check out the Wikipedia article (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tu…) for a complete description. Suffice it to say it was very, very cool. So I found my first visit to EPCOT to be an extremely schizophrenic experience. I enjoyed the World Showcase but really hated Future World. The Nemo section is suitable for kids, but I don't think they would enjoy much of the rest of it. At $100 per person, I find it a bit steep for what you get. I might return for another Food & Wine Festival, but I can't imagine going at any other time.
It's a toss up.  This theme park wasn't all that in a sense, but any park made my Disney is still *magical* in its own, HUGE ways. There's a character spot here which is a great idea-have four-five Disney characters lined up to take pictures with you, with their own creative backdrops.  *snap snap,* and go.  This line was so fast in-between characters, I had to scramble with my autograph book and camera to catch up! There's not that many rides, which is a con.  Do NOT go on Mission intense, that was our first ride and we had to lay down and nap for an hour after we almost vomited.  Ughhhh makes me sick just thinking about it! There's a variety of food, but it wasn't good, but maybe the $$$ ones were, since we only ate at the $ places.  We had cheap Japanese and Mexican food (just eat Mexican for dinner, so you can sit at the tables that have a great view of the fireworks at night).  Score! We checked out the Kim Possible game, which did help the time go by (we were done with all the rides in just a few hours).  You can roll around each "country" and do various tasks, and see random things light up (a Chinese character on a rock) and you can start up a waterfall, all through clicking on the phone they give you. Soarin' is a great ride, and the fireworks were quite magical.  Eat the funnel cake-it's bigger than all the other ones in the other theme parks, for $6.  I saw a good amount of characters walking around too, so that was fun.  If you're on a park hopper, I'd say use it on this park, since there isn't too much to do (esp if you go in Feb, where there are practically no waits for lines)! You can also take the boat across, which is a short 5-10 minute ride.  The water, greenery, huge golf ball figure etc are all beautiful and grand, but so is anything else in this magical themed world!
I love this park. It's geared toward the more mature crowd, and they serve adult beverages!!! Whooohoooo!!!  There are some attractions that are for small children, but all in all, I think they'd get bored pretty quick. Take them to the Magic Kingdom, and leave Epcot for the Adults. My favorite attraction was Spaceship Earth, with Maelstrom taking a close 2nd. They serve a delicious sandwich in Norway. Ham & apple, toasted to melt the Brie. I'll be making this at home! mmm...mmm...mmm.The best beverage was from France, the frozen Grand Mariner-Orange Slush. I made 2 trips around the world just to drink those babies! YUMMM!!!
The second Disney theme park to be built here in the Orlando area. EPCOT never disappoints.  Went there with some friends, my son and his girlfriend.  Some attractions had very long lines others did not.   We were there during the food and wine festival.  I found the price that is being charged for the plates of food and the amount of food you were getting in typical Disney fashion was outrageous.  For example, three dollars for a 6 ounce beer.  Really!!!  $14 for a margarita.   Thank goodness I only  go here once a decade. I found the all the attractions over-the-top in typical Disney fashion.  But I seem to feel that the prices being charged for things are keeping families away from enjoying Walt Disney's original dream.
EPCOT is unique to Orlando Disney World. There are no other Disney parks quite like it. I think there aren't even any other theme parks like EPCOT. For most part it is still a very Disney experience except there aren't as many thrill rides. EPCOT focuses on education. You will learn about science, nature and society. The world showcase has a lot of great exhibitions about various culture. It is safe to say this park is tailored towards adults. You will enjoy the the shops there. EPCOT also has the best restaurant selection out of all Disney theme parks. You won't be disappointed even if you are a crazy foodie like me. Must see attractions - Soaring Test Track Mission SPACE Living with the Land Spaceship Earth
My amazing trip would not have been complete without a memorable visit to EPCOT. This is probably my favorite park out of all four because there is just so much to do and experience. At EPCOT, there are three main popular rides: Soarin', Mission Space, and Test Track. And when I say popular, I really mean popular because the Fast Passes always runs out in the morning. Soarin' is a very fun, relaxing, and unique ride because it essentially feels like you hang gliding through the sights and sounds of California. From the cool breeze to the fresh orange smell, this ride truly feels like an authentic hang glide ride. Mission Space is probably the most exhilarating primarily because it simulates a real rocket launch. This ride honestly made me sick but it was definitely worth it. The best part is the take off because you can literally feel your chest crush in from all the G forces. And then there's Test Track. This ride is so fun. During the ride, you go through many stages and tests that many cars would go through such as braking, weather erosion, suspension tests, and other unique things. However, the best thing is the end because you race outside on a huge track that will take your car over 60 mph. This probably doesnt seem fast, but if you are making a banked turn at 60 mph on an open top car, it's unbelievable. Some other great rides include Spaceship Earth, Finding Nemo, Lion King, and my personal favorite, the Living with the Land. Living with the Land is great because it shows you how plants, animals and people interact with the environment. The highlight of the trip is the end because it takes you into Disney's horticulture green house which houses hybrid plants, alternative planting methods, and even some unique harvesting technique. You'll also get to see real watermelon shaped like Mickey's ears. It's pretty interesting stuff. For me, my favorite attraction at EPCOT is the the World Lagoon which showcases the world pavilion. Here, you'll find authentic representations of countries such as France, England, Morocco, Germany, Mexico, Japan, Norway, and much more. In each of these pavilions, you will find great restaurants and cool stores that feature each country's cuisine as well as real workers who are each from their respective countries that they are representing. I really loved the French pavilion primarily for the pastries. Here you will find a small bakery that has fresh French pastries and baguettes. I truly love the Napoleon dessert and the turkey baguette. These delicacies blew my mind because they were just so delicious. I honestly went back to the place about 4 times throughout my trip because I just couldn't stay away. Another great food item to try is the bratwurst at the Germany Pavilion. You get a nice juicy bratwurst, on a sandwich bun, and some delicious sour kraut. It's great! EPCOT is just an amazing theme park that should never be skipped in anyone's Disney World vacation itinerary. In case you were wondering, there are also a few tips that you should know. First, be sure to come to this park in the morning when it opens up. This way you can reserve a Fast Pass at the major rides, preferably Soarin' because the Fast Passes run out by noon. Second, if you want to eat a quick breakfast, be sure to check out Garden Grill To-Go. This place is an a la carte dining establishment that features great breakfast items and a killer cinnamon roll. Lastly, be sure to stop by in the evening and check out the World Showcase lagoon show. Enjoy a nice dinner (such as a smoked turkey leg) and watch the show near the Italian pavilion because it offers the nicest view. EPCOT truly is a park that will be responsible for some of your best memories at Disney World.
(This review is from our last visit to The Rodent in February.  Obviously after eight months you probably forget more than you remember.) I know the last time I shared my thoughts about EPCOT I was really down on the park in general but to me it was amazing what fourteen months along with the stupidity that is FP+ did to change my mind. If you would have asked me two years ago out of the four major parks in FL which is the armpit I would have told you no doubt about it, EPCOT.  But now I see this place as actually being the one that is now the best post FP+ roll out. To me the food thing here is still extremely overrated in terms of quality and price but if that's your thing there is certainly no better place to get your foodie (stupid term that is) on. If you plan your FP+ reservations correctly along with coming at rope drop the lines for things are not so bad.  Since at rope drop you only have the front half of EPCOT to worry about you can easily (of course not on Saturday's or during crazy holiday times, duh) hit Soarin' twice, Test Track and Mission Space without even breaking a sweat or using a FP+ reservation before the World Showcase opens. Past that things like Spaceship Earth or Living with the Land can be done later in the day with minimal lines along with coming back with your FP+ reservations to hit some combo of the aforementioned "big four" rides. In between you can more than easily fill the time eating your way through the worlds, watching the movies and hitting C-List things with minimal waits like the Grand Fiesta Tour or Malestrom (of course the future Frozen themed ride here will change that but I'm talking about what existed in February) all of course leading up to the night ending IllumiNations. Of course things like the Food & Wine festival or the Garden Show stuff in spring or what they do during Christmas all add an extra layer of enjoyment as things like that only take place here. Going forward if we ever come back (not likely as price wise things are increasingly out of reach of average Joe types plus again FP+ is stupid) Epcot is the place that we'll definitely spend more time versus AK or MK as those two places to me did not fare well at all/became much more difficult to tour post FP+.
Come here at night and without kids. Please.  It's mean to bring them here. There's nothing for them to do except walk!  Yes, there are a few "rides" but seriously, just don't torture them like this! The fireworks at the end of the night are super cool...what a show they put on over the water.   The Mexican restaurant is just okay- slow service and mediocre food.  Morocco was beautiful as was Japan!
Nothing quite crushes your spirit like being excited about getting pictures taken with Mickey and the gang, only to discover that it's going to require you braving a crowded line that winds on for 45 minutes. Or so I would assume. It's not like I wanted to have pictures taken with them, I'm just saying... Excuse me, I have something in my eye. I decided to check out Epcot (where one can easily devote an entire day or more) and I tried to do it in under three hours so that I could fly out right after. The tickets were free though (Disney employee hook ups, shoo!) so three hours of Epcot is better than no hours of Epcot. The World Showcase wasn't even an option due to time constraints so I went instead to some random things that seemed like they would be enjoyable until I had to leave: 1. Spaceship Earth: Not particularly illuminating in terms of information. Overall, the ride was fine until the very end where they do some "create your individual future" Jetsons-like cartoon which was just... silly and boring. 2. Innoventions: Random techie things that would have been fun to mess with, but I only really tried out 'The Sum of All Thrills' where I created my own thrill ride, and then jumped in a simulator to test it out. I enjoyed it until I found out they were trying to teach me math. 3. Test Track: Talk about cheese. From the intro video when you're standing in line to the initial aspects of the ride, you're probably going to roll your eyes a few times. One part of the ride involved traveling through a heat chamber. Anyone else see the issue with throwing additional heat on someone who just stood in line outside during a Florida summer? The last part is fun though. Take the single rider line whenever possible because the wait time is always significantly shorter. We (group of 7) all took the single rider line and we were out 5 minutes later. Or you can be an idiot and stand in line for an additional 30-45 minutes because you don't want to get on a ride without your BFF and/or mom next to you. 4. Mission SPACE: If you don't have any health issues, don't be a wuss. Go on the more extreme simulator experience that involves the spinning centrifuge (adding 2.5 G of fun times). The mission was to Mars apparently, but after you get to Mars they let you out. Now how do I get back to Earth? Call me a stickler but I'd like the story to make sense. Easily the favorite ride in my brief experience though. Very fun despite the extremely short time I had available. I'd say it's worth the ticket price... but then I don't know what the ticket price is...
I love epcot the most at disney world! I believe it stands for Experimental Protoype Community of Tomorrow. Epcot has to main focuses:  Science and the coming of "tomorrow" as well as exploring different parts of the world. The first half of the park is for the sciences.  Lots of cool rides and exhibits. Note: Soarin is not worth the wait in primetime.  the ride isnt that cool. The second half of the park is like a trip around the world.  Almost every popular country is represented with a village, shop, and eatery.   If your kids want to meet a "princess" or disney character, they are now set up like rides.  They no longer walk around and take pictures, they have their pre-assigned spot and lines, just like a ride. They even tell you the wait time.  Once you get to the front of the line, you get to meet the character, chat with them, snap a picture, and get an autograph.  They are very friendly and do not rush you TIP: You can use your own camera so you do not have to pay for the expensive disney pictures.  Very classy for Disney to let you do this.  Thanks WD! TIP: You can bring your own snacks and bottles in the park for water.  We brought the bottles in and filled them up at the bubblers and kept them in our backpack throughout the day. We also brought fruit and nuts which kept the kids energized without having to spend a ton at the stands.  Save your money for souvenirs. Also - YOU MUST LOOK INTO PIN TRADING! Such a cool way for the kids to interact with Disney cast members.  HINT - buy pins on ebay before you go.  You can get them for approx 50 cents when you buy a lot-full.  Otherwise, they are at least $5 a peice at Disney.   HOW IT WORKS: Your kids can go up to any disney worker and ask to see their pins.  If there is a pin they like, they ask for it and must trade a pin of thier own for it.  It can be any pin they want, so its a good way to get rid of the pins they do not like.
A guy I'm dating told me about Epcot.  My daughter and I visited it on a Friday afternoon (12/16).  It was a perfect day to come here.  The kids are still in school so the park wasn't over crowded. Epcot has areas that features various countries.  I enjoyed dining at a French restaurant in France and having delicious desserts with my daughter sitting outside on the bench as the French Santa told a story about Christmas. Japan even had Mitsukoshi, which is a large department store chain that's actually in Japan.  We even had kakigori with condensed milk in a concession stand in Japan.
It's fall at Epcot... and you know what that means!... Food and Wine!  Thursday was the Cast Member preview day so most of the booths were open.  Some of the newer ones were not open that day but I will be back to try some of their food. This year they are also selling the around the wrist gift/debt cards you can use to buy food and wine.  I have not used them before but decided to try it this year.  I have discovered in the past that as you walk thru, I would just whip out my own charge card for each purchase.  By the end of the day, I would have a ton of receipts and found I normally spent more than I should have.  By getting the card, I 'loaded it' with what I knew I could afford that day.  That means one charge on my card... not 20... and I did not overspend.  Every time you bought something, your balance is on the bottom so you know how much you have left to spend for the day.  And each time I go, I can reload the card with the amount I can spend that day so its great that I can use it over and over each time I visit.  It seems to help me... hopefully it can help you too from overspending! My real goal for going today was to buy a bag.  Last year on the first weekend of the event, I found some great over the shoulder bags that the had made out the last years banners!  Each one was hand made and there were no two alike.  I said to myself... oh, I will come back next weekend and get one...  stupid me.  The few they had were gone in one day.   So this year, I decided to make sure I would be there and get a bag before they were all gone. I looked around... no bags... all the gift shops that sold the special food and wine merchandise had none.... and when I asked two ladies at one of the booths about them, they told me that they only did that for that one year and that there were none this year.  I kind of disagreed with them saying I had heard from some friends of mine who worked in Merchandise that they would be back.  No... they just said no.  Then a young girl who I found out was a merch manager walked up and asked if she could help.  I told her what I was looking for and she said... 'why yes, we do have them this year!"  The two ladies who just argued with me about them not being available were totally embarrassed!  I did find out later that both ladies were some of the artists who were there to sign there work.... not cast members.  Anyway, the challenge was that they will only be selling these bags in the festival center that opens on Friday at 9am.   They don't expect them to last the day. I will be there Friday at 9am to get my bag! After our bag search, we did enjoy the Fisherman's Pie at the Ireland kiosk along with some honey wine.   We also tasted the lava cake and it was great but way too small.   I also enjoyed some pork in lettuce cups at the Thailand kiosk... a beer from Germany... Kielbasa with Pierogi from Poland, and a margarita from the Cave in Mexico.    We only spent  a few hours there and did not get much this trip but I will make up for it Friday... after I get my bag! Enjoy!
Food, wine, food and shopping! Oh and let's learn about technology and different cultures! This is what you will get when you go to epcot during the food and wine festival! We absolutely love coming here during this time. My absolutely favorite part is the going to the eat to the beat concert series. Where else can you go see sugar ray, or fuel or smash mouth multiple times in the same day, it's a total win win!! This year we signed up for a cooking demo and it was $15 per person, but I asked and because I'm an annual pass holder I only had to pay $13 a person so I was a happy camper! The food demo was super informative about sustainable fish and the techniques taught were very useful for people like me who are scared of cooking fish as home. Next stop is of course the only Werthers candy store and from what I was told it's the only one in existence! I couldn't help but by 110 loose chewy caramels and green apple caramel chews! They were totally worth the 10 cent a piece price tag! Oh and did I mention, they have caramel covered galore deliciousness in here! Caramel apples, chocolate covered pineapple covered in caramel you name it! Too good to not eat! I also suggest that if you get fastpass tickets to any attractions you pick soarin and test track. Those can have extremely long wait times. And of course my nerdy favorite is their behind the scenes tour in the land pavilion. So remember don't forget the werthers candy store if anything! :-)
Once you're in the international section of the park here's how it works. Take 9 steps in any direction and enjoy liquor from a specific country. Take another 14 steps and enjoy some different kind of liquor. 36 more steps and it's liquor from another country. Pay, drink, repeat. If there was some way to pick up this park and squeeze it, alcohol would drip out. This isn't an amusement park it's an enormous pub crawl.
I guess I should just get straight to the point...When I entered Epcot I guess I was expecting something different and therefor I think thats why I was disappointed! Especially, traveling with a 8month old and it being our first time in Disney I expected to see rides, a lot of lightings, kids running around, laughing and having fun, disney characters and everything that I thought Epcot had to offer. I'm a little disappointed because prior to entering Epcot I had asked the sales person if they thought this would be a good place to take our 8month old son and she suggested that Epcot was one of the best places in Disney World. I can see how an adult would enjoy Epcot but honestly in my opinion I thought it was just boring for a child or even a kid at heart like myself. So basically I'm writing this review for the ones who have never been there like myself and who are traveling with a small child or infant. Epcot basically allows you to travel bits and pieces of different countries all in a 1.25 acre radius. Just to name a few there's China, Mexico, Japan, Norway, Morocco, France and several more. In each country you can sample some of the foods and drinks their known for. Most of the countries offers an interactive shows where they teach you about the life and culture of their people, you can also discover some of there famous landmarks, music, and structures. But that's basically it to Epcot. I went during their 20th years celebration and their International Flower & Garden Festival and I must say that they did an excellent job. This is definitely a great place to capture long lasting beautiful pictures. A few other  major attractions they had when I visited was The Character Spot, The Land, The Sea, Tinkerbells Butterfly house and The Fireworks. But because my son was only 8months old were were not permitted to go into The Land nor The Sea. As far as the butterfly house it was quite small and not much fun for an 8month old. My favorite thing in Epcot had to be The Character Spot where we got to meet Mickey, MInnie, Goofy and Pluto also, another favorite was The Fireworks. Overall the staff were pretty nice but there was this one lady who rolled her eyes are looked disgusted when you would ask her if she could take a picture of you and the characters with your own camera. FYI: They have a photographer that takes the photos for you so you can purchase them but they also ALLOW you to take pictures with your own camera device so I didn't know what her attitude was for. Lastly, at the end of every night they have a laser/firework show that last for about 12 minutes which I enjoyed very much. So here are some other things that I wanted to point out: There were no rides...no rides for the kids or the adults other than Soarin' and Test Drive. Again, I guess my expectation were a bit different than what they offered. The people that assisted The Characters need a lesson in friendliness. Not that they were in anyway mean to me or my son but they were ignorant in a way where when The Characters took their breaks kids would scream out their names and the employees would mock the kids. In conclusion, I wish I did more research on all of the Disney attractions to know which one would of been much better for my son. I understand he might not remember it when he gets older but at that moment at least he would of been wowed with the lights and the curiosity of the characters. Overall, I wouldn't say that Epcot was a waste of money because it's always good to see and experience something new but in my opinion you only need to visit this attraction once in a lifetime. I hoped this review helped those traveling with a toddler or infant get a better understanding on the details of this attraction.
I love Epcot! This is one of my two favorite parks of Disney! This is a great park for people who love culture and food. Be prepared to walk a lot! The food variety here is amazing! You get to tour different countries and Disney does a great job making an impression of major highlights of that country. It really makes you feel like you have traveled all around the world when you go a full circle around. Epcot is foodie's paradise! Every country establishment have their own cultural foods represented. I recommend the sorbets and gelato from the France. They are freshly made and great to have under the hot Orlando sun! Mexico's tacos are great finger foods, just enough for you to get a taste and leaving room to grab another snack at another country. The highlight of Epcot is the fireworks show at night! I personally think it is the best fireworks show out of all Disney parks. This is a must-see!
5 star experience as a whole, although I enjoyed the World Showcase more than the Future World.  Visiting all the countries was awesome, and so was comparing the ones we had actually been to to the EPCOT version and imagining how accurate the ones we hadn't were.  We ate at the Biergarten and the Moroccan restaurant and both were delicious (Biergarten was too expensive but the atmosphere was super fun).  It was pretty romantic! The Space Mission ride was super cool although in our old age we are starting to get a bit of motion sickness from the simulator rides.  We tried to ride Test Track but it was having technical difficulties.  We never could get on Soarin' due to the ridiculously long lines but I hear that one's pretty cool.  EPCOT is not one with a ton of rides but it is great if you're interested in strolling around, trying some food, catching some musical/dance acts from the various countries and checking out some cool future stuff while you're at it.   My biggest disappointment was the Illuminations fireworks show.  We watched from Morocco and either we should have been on the other side of the park, or it just wasn't that impressive.  Especially after seeing Wishes at WDW, we thought it was quite meh.  Certainly not worth the $10K a night they supposedly spend on it.
came for the food and wine festival. I had a glass of wine from almost every country for around $3. I loved this place!!!!!! it was favorite park in disneyworld!
EPCOT is my favorite Disney park and has been since I was 16. First, the worlds are just great. I don't care that it is basically nothing like going to these actual countries. I love the little 'taste'. I love the feeling of walking from one 'situation' to the next. I love the food. I love all the different people they hire. And I love the ride in Mexico, for some unknown reason. The lands, sea, etc. pavillions are great too. Test Track is really fun now that you get to design and 'test' your own car. I love that interactivity and will never fast pass this line because it bypasses the awesome designing my own car part. Energy with Ellen is a hilarious and wonderful ride that offers you a nice 45 minute break from the Florida heat (or a downpour.) And the imagination ride is great for Disney fanatics. The Imagination ride and the Nemo ride are always walk on - don't waste a fast pass. In the lands, I really love Soarin', like just about everyone else. I also am weird and find the cool 'living with the land' boat ride kind of interesting, as long as you don't go all the time and memorize the stuff they are telling you. The cafe in there is even pretty decent. They also have the best Disney event ever - Food and Wine festival. It is the best Disney event - lots of different small portions of yummy foods from around the world. It's like a crazy sampling.
While no Magic Kingdom EPCOT is a wonderful place. The vision of a true genius Walt Disney didn't live long enough to see his dream fulfilled. Not really a place for the little kids the upside is they do serve spirits here. Great Beer in London and frozen drinks in France the lands have it all. Clearly the best ride in EPCOT is Soaring a chance to actually get just a taste of what it's like to fly. * Hidden Mickey alert* There are two on this ride that are easily seen. The first is on the golf ball, you can clearly see it when it's hit right at your head. The second one is a combination of three fireworks behind the castle at Disneyland at the end of the ride. Have a great time!
My favorite Disney park! World showcase is my favorite part of the park. Mexico and Germany are the best country's, the other country's aren't bad either. I wish they would add more country's.
Everyone needs to experience Epcot once.  I said once.  The first time I went, 14 years ago, it was pretty amazing. Today, well I felt like it was a waste of $350 (for two). The exhibits are conceptually cool and if you're under the age of six, they are cool.  Over six and they are on the verge of lame. Fifteen years ago these exhibits were pretty cutting edge technologically. Today, the effects are tired and pretty common.   Your first visit will be amazing, though not cheap.  If you are like me, your second visit will feel like you just got financially raped.   I'm giving this three stars as a blend between my first visit and today's visit.  Four stars for the first visit, one star for today.
EPCOT is my favorite Disney park when we don't have the kids in tow.  I love to eat at the restaurants there and they are all really good. The one thing to remember is the world showcase opens later than the rest of the park and closes later as well.  We tried to go there one morning for a walk around the "world" and showed up around 9:30 and found the walkway roped off.  Not a biggie though, we just hopped on a couple of rides and at the front and enjoyed the morning. The French Bakery in the back of France is incredible.  Give the chocolate croissants a try.  You will be glad you did.
I guess the Epcot would of been fun back in the 1990's.  Meaning "Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow"...this futuristic city is actually a little outdated in my opinion.  The only thing I thought was cool was The Lands with the "Living in the Lands" tour which brought us to the greenhouse.  I thought it was pretty interesting that the Lands also served as a place for horticultural research. That was pretty cool...and "Soaring" was pretty amazing (the attendant said it was number 1 attraction in all 4 theme parks?).  I thought it was be cool to watch the classic Captain Eo...but it was definitely more exciting back in the 80's when I watched it at Disneyland in Cali.  They added some cool special effects to the show like (water squirts and air).  The World Showcase was anything but captivating to me.  Why are we paying $90 plus dollars to see replica's?  Maybe for people who have never traveled to those destinations it might of been amusing.... My experience at the Epcot was fun..but it wasn't anything I would brag about to my friends..I have seen it once..and I really doubt I would come back again..even if I did eventually have children.  We got there around 9:00a.m. and was pretty much done and ready to go home by 5:30p.m.  I went there with my friend whom had visited the Epcot maybe 20 years or so ago..and it didn't really trigger any memories for her or anything.  Nevertheless, I am glad I went (I would of been curious anyways), but I would say I was deeply disappointed. Maybe if we went to the other parks and knew Epcot was a supplement..it would of been better.  Like Epcot could easily been a "low key" day for those crazy families that finance their Florida/Disney World vacation and spend like a week here.  But since I only did visit one park..I felt like I was missing something......zzzzzzzzzzzz
EPCOT might very well be my favorite park in the Walt Disney World Resort.  I wouldn't say it's everyone's favorite.  The default fav is Magic Kingdom.  However, I was always a travel nerd and going here was like traveling around the world. There's a good mix of futuristic thinking , international travel and eats, and character visits.  I laughed though because in my last visit, some girl said, "This is why I can't do this park.  There is too much walking, and there isn't enough to do in between." There are some of you out there who don't want to be barraged by extreme rides, a bazillion little kids, or crowds.  EPCOT has always been a nice place to grab some good eats, stroll, and people watch.  I think Walt Disney World management knows this, too.  It's some of the best festivals.  The International Food and Wine Festival (October-November) and HGTV's Food and Garden Show (April-May), make this a delightful place to visit.  And, if you're smart, you can pair it with other fun events like Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween party or RunDisney events. There are often bands galore here, too, which I don't hear about as often at other parks.  So, it's really nice to get a lot of live music in. AND, perhaps most importantly, the attractions here are significantly different, for the most part, from other Disney Resorts and Parks.  So, it's a unique bang-for-the-buck that you cannot get elsewhere.  If you're an international-travel-phobe from the US, this might be the closest thing you get to an international experience.  I love it, and I hope you love it, too.  If you really want to do it up right, stay at a nearby hotel (e.g., Disney Yacht Club).  It has its own park entrance and is also within walking distance to Downtown Disney, where there are a lot of other good eats. Top attractions for me: -- Norway - Maelstrom (fair thee well -- it is just now under refurb to become the Frozen attraction) -- Soarin' - it is a beautiful ride, if you haven't yet been on it or the one in California -- Test Track - for those who like the thrill rides -- Japan Pavillion -- Best quick service food and shop -- Morocco Pavillion -- Best sit down service/food and character visit (Aladdin and Jasmine) -- Mexico -- Best smiles with the Three Caballeros -- Club Cool to get free, international Coca-cola varietal sodas -- Finding Nemo -- best queue ever.  You kind of want to get in line just to stand in line.  Seriously, that is how cool this queue line is.
I love the World Pavilions of Epcot. It showcases different countries which is really great for anyone who hasn't had the chance to go to those places. They do a great job changing the decor of each area to really make you feel like you're traveling. Then each land also has a few shops with things like candy, t-shirts, etc and eateries featuring that country's cuisine. My favorites were France, Germany, Japan, and Morocco. While my husband and I walked through the pavilion we had a fun time buying one type of candy from each country. Aside from the World Pavilions there are also rides and lots of exhibits. It's great for kids because it's fun and educational. If you're going during a busy season I would recommend spending 2 days at this park.
At first I thought Epcot was so-so, but as I started to drink myself from country to country, I can call myself a fan.
This is my favorite park at disney.  I love going there either with family, friends or by myself.  Today I went by myself to the opening day of the 2014 food and wine festival.  I tried several different counties but could not do even half of the kiosks.   My tummy was full.  This is definitely a multi day event. . My favorite was the salted Carmel creme burlee in France. .. to die for. .. my least favorite was the bacon hash at the Farm Fresh kiosk.
Epcot has only one drawback. Its lines get very long because there aren't a ton of rides as there are in other parks. But the rides themselves are good, and if you're looking for a great place to eat, Epcot's many worldly restaurants have Downtown Disney's beat by a mile. The different "countries" are interesting to visit, especially because all the workers there are actually from the countries. Yeah, they're just facsimiles of the real thing, but it doesn't come off as fake as you might think. Make sure to stay for the fireworks.
Very interesting theme park.  Spent most of my time at the World Showcase where I stuffed my face with food.  I thought Morocco had by far, the best food.  Also loved the fish and chips at England.   Interesting shows too.  Canada's 360 show was very interesting and was a must-see.  I'm sure the China 360 would have been just as impressive.  A shame that I missed that.  Fireworks were cool and impressive.   Test Track and Mission Space was pretty good.  Test Track was very tame, though very interesting to find out what kinds of tests cars go through.  Mission Space was the best ride in the park.  I was amazed to feel the G-forces in this simulator. This theme park definitely requires two days.  1 1/2 days to check out the theme park, 1/2 day to check out the different shopping centers.
Been here several times before and loved it each time. There's nothing more that I can say about this that isn't already advertised on the Disney website and previously posted by other visitors. All I can say is it provides you with awareness of cultures from around the world and it's worth checking out. There is also a science and technology area behind the giant sphere if that's what you're into. Beautiful park.
It's a small world grew up and blew up!  It's basically a trip around the world while going around a huge lake.  Disney imports real people from the countries they showcase and it's pretty intense.  So if you're walking through Japan for instance they have Japanese food, with Japanese culture style buildings, with real Japanese people serving you.  This is like this throughout the whole park!  Some stuff wasn't open though, maybe the recession slows it down a bit?   Bathrooms are super clean. Fireworks show at the end of the day is phenomenal!  It's a must see!
International Food and Wine Festival every fall...Hands down the complete Jizz! That means awesome. Here's a tip for all you tourist. Fall, Winter, and Spring only. If you dare come here during the Summer then you deserve the long hot horrible lines, Tons and tons of people, And most importantly all the annoying Foreigners who don't understand how things work here in the US. Say no to Summer! Outside of that this place is a fun time all the time. The food depending on were you eat is a 5 star experience, "Tutto Italia and Le Cellier" are the best IMO. For those people that complain to high hell about the cost to get in to Epcot. Didn't you do the research before hand? If you didn't then stop complaining.
A park more for learning. But there are a few good attractions to go to. Soarin' always has a long wait. Get a fast pass....  Mission Space is awesome and go to the intense version. It is not that bad.... Of course, Test track is my favorite ride there!   Always good food to eat in the world showcase area too!
This was top notch, but compared to all the other Disney parks, this was my least fave. I still give it 5 stars because it's Disney, and there is so much thought put into the design, function, and purpose of their parks.  It is still very beautiful, colorful, animated, and fun...It's is just not my cup of tea. I prefer the other cups..like the spinning ones at Magic Kingdom! Lol enough with the cheesiness. When you walk into the park, you'll see that it is designed with space and futuristic architecture in mind, and there are different pavilions: America, Canada, China, Japan, France, Germany, Morocco, Norway, UK, Mexico, and Italy. Each is pretty informative of different cultures. I believe this is great exposure for children. Each pavilion usually has at least a store for souvenirs and such, a restaurant, and some attraction (whether it be a show or ride), all of which coincides with the culture of the pavilion. I thought that was pretty neat! Here are my highlights: Test Track--I'm a thrill-seeker! And I think this is the fastest ride at Epcot. I like how the track goes outside of the building for a little bit. This was fun! I highly recommend this! Spaceship Earth--It's not a thrill ride, but it was a fun and unique way to learn about our past, present, and our possible future! This ride is slow, but you are actually in that huge Epcot ball structure for this ride. So yeah, I'd say it's a must...don't you wonder what's in that thing anyway? Morocco Pavilion--I loved the buildings and the store. They had some great stuff in their store...very unique! There are belly dancers here! And this is where Jasmine and Aladdin are (my fave Disney movie)! Japan Pavilion--Mitsukoshi Department Store had some awesome items worthy of purchasing. It was bigger than the other stores. I do remember seeing some Hello Kitty stuff! Mexico Pavilion--There's a cute indoor boat ride here called the Gran Fiesta Tour featuring the Three Caballeros (those colorful parrots). They play their videos during the ride. It's very colorful! The scenery is neat. I really liked the beginning of the ride because there was a large structure which reminded me of a large Mayan ruin in Coba. The restaurant is cute too. It's right next to this structure and the water so you have a nice view while you eat. The store is neat too. It's set up like a marketplace. All of these are in the same building. IllumiNations fireworks show at night--It was really nice. There's more meaning and depth to it than just fireworks. Everyone has to gather around the water and there is this globe in the center of the pool. You get to see kind of water/laser/light/fireworks show. The globe actually wasn't large enough to make the show grand. To me it was not as breath-taking as Magic Kingdom's fireworks but still worthy of staying at the park to see.
I had a great time at Epcot during the food and wine festival. I love all the little booths and walking "around the world."  My favorite part of Epcot is the fireworks. Plus, you get these awesome 3D glasses that make Mickey Head everywhere. Definitely put on the glasses :) I wish the place had a few more restroom facilities, there was never a time I wanted to go that I didn't have to wait in a long line, plus I didn't think the restrooms were ever in very good shape when I was in them. Other than that, the park is clean and the staff is friendly. Alcohol and food are abundant (although personally I thought a  lot of the food was over salted, don't add salt until you've tried it).
We went to visit our friends living in Orlando, so of course we had to go to Disney while we were there. Duh. So the first night we arrived, we went to Epcot for dinner. And Epcot is great: it's the only place where you can see the highlights of the world without a passport in a single night. The first stop on the journey was actually the future - we rode on a space craft ride, and after that headed deeper into the park. Our ultimate destination was the German buffet restaurant, but along the way we passed Mexico (where I got the best frozen margarita slushie), China (picture in front of the pagoda) and the lagoon that is kind of the center point for all of Epcot. While it's not the best park for kids (I remember it being really boring myself when I was little), as an adult, Epcot's awesome. You can have margaritas, dumplings and wiener schnitzel all in the same night, in the same place. Plus see some pretty impressive, if Disney-fied, recreations of the world's greatest landmarks. Epcot also tends to be a little less crowded than the other Disney parks, so if you need a respite from crowds at every turn, head here.  We thoroughly enjoyed dinner, complete with German oom-pa-pa band, and exited just in time to see the fireworks exploding over the park and the iconic white ball that is Epcot. It was a perfect way to ease into the Disney-mentality without being dropped into Disney World at 9 in the morning with all the other park goers eagerly waiting for the gates to open and ready to storm the castle. Nice job Epcot.
I liked the international side, but probably cuz I'm a travel buff.  They have little areas for different countries, such as a japanese place to get sushi, a British area serving fish n chips, etc.   There are a few rides, and all worth checking out, and no day is complete without riding the big golf ball.  Get there early for that one!
To me, Epcot is only fun during Food and Wine Festival. That is the perfect time for drinking around the world. Other than that, its no fun. Drinking around the world was an annual gathering event for me and a group of my friends. I wonder if they will do it again this year, because I am totally down for going back just for this!
Epcot is a fun place but certainly more adult oriented then Walt Disney World. We find that sometimes the crowds can be less at Epcot and there is more enjoyable slow-paced things to be done. We were not a fan of the new fast pass system. It seemed more confusing to us and we had a hard enough time navigating the different attractions within Epcot. They promote no wait time that doesn't seem to align with what actually happens. Be prepared to wait in longer lines until they figure out the new fast pass system.
The experimental prototype community of tomorrow. EPCOT. It's my favorite out of the Disney parks. You can never get away from kids if the word Disney is involved, but Epcot is geared much more towards an adult community. If you're a parent and you can get away from your kids for a night and take a walk around the world showcase, do it. It's romantic. If you're a single adult and enjoy partaking in the beverages of many countries, begin the debauchery. If you're a kid, make sure you get there before 7 because that's when future world and all the good rides close down for the night. Unless you go to Norway, The Maelstrom is great. As far as rides go, get fastpasses early for Soarin and Test Track as they are the busiest. Other attractions not to miss include Mission SPACE and The Seas with Nemo & Friends. I was forunate enough to be a part of the Disney College Program, which meant for 6 months I had all the free admission I could get and I must say: Epcot became my favorite Bar. Going Around The World is a 1.5 mile drinking extravaganza (With free wheelchairs if you need) that everyone should try There is such a large variety of shopping, dining, and culture that it will take several visits and a lot in your wallet to see and try it all. If you ever get the chance, check out the International Food & Wine Festival or the Flower & Garden Festival. They both come around once a year. My favorite part of all is Illuminations: Reflections of Earth. It's the fireworks and laser light show that takes place every night right before the park closes. I don't want to ruin it, See it for yourself! Also, there is additions to this show around the holidays that never fail to impress. Enjoy!
Just returned from a weekend at Disney and the park of choice was Epcot. I can really recommend this park for the little more grown up fun. Not quite that many character focused attractions, but good fun. The rides... Started the day off with Mission to Mars. WOW. What a ride. Not sure how they do it, but it really feels as if you are in space, including some zero-gravity moments... Next to the Testrack. The highlight here is the speed finale, that gets you above 60 mph in a nice banked turn. Definitely a thrill ride! I still recommend the spaceship Earth (the ride inside the famous silver ball). It is slow, but nice and certainly a good reminder what really matters in life! (hint: it is not video games and monetary wealth...) Also the Nemo ride is short and sweet. Even though more tailored to the younger crowed, this is to cute to miss, especially if you like the movie. Favourite part for this ride for me? The animated seagulls at the entrance... Mine, Mine, Mine... I missed the "must do" soaring... the line was just too long (go for the Fastpass option, if you are in for the ride...) The best part about Epcot is the International Showcase. We particularly chose this section for it currently features the Epcot Food and Wine Festival! ...and what a festival it is. Eat and drink around the world in one day! Perfect. There are some staples that are always here, but this festival adds some specific kiosks ,features three dishes, paired with wine or beer. These are up for grabs and highlight that countries best dishes. They did a fine job, having actually been to many of these places. I want to note the Tzaziki chicken in Greece and the Escargots in France! Great creations! It is Disney, so going with the mindset of being amazed and not worrying too much about your wallet is a must. If you have time to go during this event, do it. It is a day well spent!
If you know me, you know that I am one of those Disney people. My favorite hobby is planning my yearly trip. From my ADRs to what resort, I just adore everything about it. Epcot is a spot we visit, without fail, every year. It's my favorite park based on food and drinks - but I agree with many other Yelpers, technology today has left Epcot in it's shadows. Epcot is in a transitional stage where it was once futuristic, inventive, but in comparison to some basic functions on my smartphone - quite a few of the attractions here are now just simple. If you Epcot in for a worldly visit, as it is partly targeted towards, it's a great visit. It's a bit more museume-sque. The younger kids don't really care for learning the cultures when they know Mickey Mouse is next door. Epcot is more for the adults, from the Food & Wine fest, Gardening fest, drinking around the world (old Disney game, have a drink in each country - you'll barely make it out of the park on your own two feet), and how informational it is. Now, there are some great attractions here like Soarin', and Test Track - but in terms of a day, at an amusement park Epcot lacks to match the caliber of it's other Disney counterparts. If you have young children, I recommend the other parks to this one. If you're a foodie, then this is your spot! From hibachi, farm to table, aged steaks, fantastic pizza - it's all here. I hope in the near future they begin to reinvent Epcot, bring her up to speed as she is intended. I know this review is bit wish washy, what I'm trying to say, is it's great - but not for the kids. A few attractions, incredible food choices, but becoming dated.
Worldly delight. Amazing light show at night. Lines without a fight.
Space Mountain! The World of Tomorrow....!
Hands down - the best experience I had during my stay in the Walt Disney World (WDW) resort. You get to go to 12 countries without a passport and within one day - PLUS all for the low low one day admission price. How can you dislike this? EPCOT is the anti Magic Kingdom. Here you get an education and fun! Note - a few of the rides here are in California as well - So if you've been to Disneyland & Disney's California - you can skip some rides. Such a soarin (Soarin' through California), and a few other rides I can't name. Also, I loved trying different beers/drinks all around the world! Gotta collect them all. Ditto with collecting the pressed pennys here.
My favorite park!
My favorite theme park for older kids and adults.  This can't really compare to traveling the world, but this is the closest you can get for under $100.
EPCOT is very different from the other Disney World parks. It is basically 2 distinct parks in one: Future World and the World ShowCase. Future World has a lot of stuff for kids, and a few thrill rides including: Mission Space, Test Track and Soarin'. They also have an aquarium with a manatee! Which is one of my favorites. Since there are so few rides, be prepared to wait, and get a fast pass if possible. We missed out on Soarin' because we were not able to get a fast pass, and it was over a 75+ minute wait the entire time. The real star at Epcot though is Future World. With 11 countries, it's fun to walk around, and enjoy some food or drink from as many as possible. My favorites are England, France and Italy. I was a bit disappointed with Germany because they don't have an actual 'bier hall', but rather a Buffet. I was really looking forward to having a bier in Germany. They only had like 2 beers to choose from located outside. The pub in England is a much better choice to sit down and have a drink and meet some of your fellow travelers. A few of the countries have rides or shows, but mostly it's just restaurants and shops. Although, all the people who work in each country are from those respective countries, which is really nice. You can take a Monorail there from Magic Kingdom. There are also two entrances here, the only park that has that. There is another entrance in the World Showcase near France that has a walk-way over to Hollywood Studios.
While I am reminiscing in Florida, I thought I would write a review about this awesome place, even though I haven't been in a while. I was really blown away by the experience, and I was lucky enough to go two years in a row. Once without kids and once with kids. Both were wonderful experiences. I loved the Living Seas, the Biosphere thing, the Land, all of it! I don't know if they even have those exhibits anymore but if you are traveling to Orlando, do not miss this! I also appreciated the authentic ethnic staff members that represented the different  countries. China was awesome! Save the cash and go to Epcot instead of dragging the whole family to Europe. The kids can learn so much here. Disney  World is almost an exact replica of Disneyland in California, but Epcot and the Disney Wild Animal Park are the best places to spend your time and money. (even though I heard they killed animals in the process of building it. yikes. don't tell the kids that part.)
I like to read bad reviews for the fun of it and every bad review OBVIOUSLY don't understand Disney. Long line, yes think about it, you are in a world famous theme park do you really expect there to be  short lines? Updating happens every day and they can not do it all at once so some things will be shut down. And yes there will be kids it's a theme park! Over all it is a great park and fun to go to. Don't try and do everything in one day.
EPCOT is Disney's futuristic theme park. It serves also to display the world's various cultures in their World Showcase.  The park is pretty good for the older crowd -- not too many rides, but plenty of food and sights to see, especially in the World Showcase.  One can venture to Mexico to Japan in less than 20 minutes.   I love it here, it's my favorite Disney theme park!
I loved my time at Epcot. The park is more mellow then the Magic Kingdom, there are less little kids and virtually no lines if you hangout in the world showcase. However, the fireworks were not as good as the Magic Kingdom's and are not worth waiting around for. The world showcase was awesome. I had so much fun and really felt like I was traveling the world in one day. The food was great, and being able to drink adult beverages made it even more fun. The Kim Possible little scavenger hunts were a nice touch to be able to see a little more in each country. One thing that I really didn't like is the ride Mission Space. I don't recommend it if you have been enjoying the fun drinks in the dif. countries or really just if you are an adult. It was a horrible experience. I really didn't think I was going to make it off and then I find out later that 2 people have actually died on the ride. I didn't know anything about the ride getting on and stupidly thought that the intense one was just a normal simulator ride and the less intense was for little kids. Boy was I wrong. The normal ride is insane. I started getting worried during all the warnings, but the bf made me get on it. I really should have listened to my instincts. Be safe and get on the mild one to start.
This is probably my favorite park to take pictures at!  The attention to detail is incredible.  Everything is clean and beautiful  The gardens, the pavilions, the food...omg. The entertainment is great. The rides are fun. But what I love most at Epcot is walking around and taking pictures.  You can get some truly beautiful pictures to capture the memory forever.
First, get a Magic Band if you are staying at the resorts, your life will be so much easier. ADD THE MEAL PLAN it will save your time and the plan is pretty good! Fast Track yourself, download the Disney App and get on it! --- We were here the day after the Disney Dream Cruise, so we were already super tired! Wear comfortable shoes, you will walk for ages and ages and ages. Bring flip flops if you need to breathe those toes. -- Firework show was nice, but like everyone said... go early to get a spot. The different countries were fun. Ate at Coral Reef, pretty good, expensive though. ---
It's EPCOT.  I worked there for 3+ years and I still love it. There is nowhere else in the world you can literally travel around the world, ride fun attractions and just experience something totally different than other theme parks...I will admit, there are some changes that have been made through the years that have taken away the 'learning' or otherwise what I would call "geeky cool" parts of the experience, but, by far, it is the most 'adult' park at WDW where you can still have fun like a kid.
I like to call EPCOT " the Adult Disney Park"   Here it's more about authenticity, food, adult beverages, and innovation, where else can you travel around the world in 25 min? And taste food and drinks around the world in 1 hour?   NO Where!! Except Epcot.  Especially the Food and Wine festival they have once a year that lasts a little over a month. Small plates tapas style allows you to try authentic dishes from around the globe. For a couple extras bucks. You can also also try and sample beers and wines from each other these participating countries as well.. Dining reservations are highly recommended for the sit down restaurants in the countries. As for the theme park side of it. Epcot offers a few neat rides such as mission space, where you are the flight command crew going to mars in a life like space ship where you feel like your actually going into space.  Design a special futurist car and drive 65 miles an hour on test tract, or soar over the vineyards and oranges groves of California on soaring. That's a amazing ride experience as you are hang gliding over Cali. And smelling the actual fruits as u go over them.    Epcot has a few other neat things as well.   They also recently got a Starbucks also.   Try have a epic fireworks display usually every single night at 9 pm called illuminations.  I def recommend this park to all the foodies out there and technology people. Again it's your Adult Disney world theme park!!
Disney employees keep my nice thermos water bottle to them self. Accidentally left it in briefing room on one of the rides, come back 20 min later, it was gone. Employees said they never see it. Guest relation refused to help. Very unhappy day after that.
My favorite of all the Disney parks.  It's the beautiful atmosphere, the ability to drink around the world, and have a nice relaxing day.   I can't stand little bratty kids everywhere like at Magic Kingdom, tis why Epcot is my fave!
This was my favorite of the Disneyworld parks! Maybe because it was my first time there, but there was so much to see and do, we were almost overwhelmed. We loved the ride in the dome (although it broke down about 10 times while we were in there!) because it was informative and relaxing after walking around so much. This park is HUGE! I recommend Test Track (which was fun and informative) and the Space Mission ride (although I felt a little queezy after going on the intense one). All the country pavilions were too cute, with delicious food everywhere. We had a hard time picking because we wanted to try a little bit of everything! I cannot wait to go back.
Epcot my favorite theme park among all others.
On this trip to Florida I told my husband I wanted to see "cheesy Florida tourist stuff".  Growing up in Hawaii, you went to Disneyland.  Florida?  Too far.   But I married a Florida boy, who when prompted, brought the tourist cheese.  Yay! There was a crazed sense of urgency that morning.  We arrived before the gates opened to get our place in line.  Some British family burned rubber through the gates, nearly ran over a stroller in the lot, and made a mad dash for the gates with their children like there were hungry alligators in tow.  Wow, this was serious business!  I saw a bus unload and power walked to the gate, dragging the hubby along.   We had a nearly $20 breakfast of coffee and pastry while anxiously awaiting the park opening. He was on a mission to see Soarin which was amazing!  Love the orange scent as you fly over the orange groves!  We did a few other rides, including one that was pretty environmental- can't remember the name, but it showed many of the innovative ways of growing vegetables on property which I thought was interesting.  Spaceship Earth was fun, gotta get that postcard emailed to you!  Mission Space nearly made me puke.  The former aviator hubby chose orange which he loved.  Me, not so much.  Getting off was like a bad hangover without the drunken fun.  Test track reminded me of the frog (or was it toad?) ride at Disneyland.  First time seeing Captain EO---it was truly a blast from the 80s past.   We had fun going to the different countries in the World Showcase.  This is much more adult oriented than regular Disneyland.  I didn't care for the wine tour--they were all too sweet for me, but hubby enjoyed it.  Tons of food to choose from, and you have people working there that are actually from those countries which made for interesting conversation. Food in the Mexico area was pretty good--wish I remembered the restaurant but it's the one the ride goes through.  Service was awesome.   Loved the 360 theaters in China and Canada!  Wish Japan had more than just food and a major retail area, there is so much culture to be experienced.  The taiko drumming was great to see.   I was disappointed with Le Chefs De France, the French restaurant we went to.  Apparantly it wasn't the higher end one, wish we tried that.  The French Onion Soup was probably the worst I've ever had--onions weren't carmelized at all!  Service was great, but food (especially for the price) was a disappointment.  Then again, it is Disney...not fine dining.... HIGHLY recommend the Fast Pass for everything!   We walked till our feet felt like they needed to be amputated.  Stayed for the awesome fireworks show which I recommend.  All in all we had a great time as 2 adults, no kids.  Wear super comfortable shoes, lots of sunscreen in the spring/summer, and bring the kid in you.
Probably one of the best Disney parks! It was so relaxing to walk around Epcot so much restaurants to chose from. I would say for parents this is what you want to save for last. Not as many crowds as magic kingdom or animal kingdom.
Epcot seems a bit dated, expensive, and unthrilling. The food options were ok. The drink selection was fair. If you want to pay to get a briefing of the worlds destinations thats what its best for. The staff was very nice. I was there during the slow time so the lines were not bad. A great place to observe Americas obesity problem.
Five stars.  Hands down FIVE STARS!!  Yes and 300 other people pretty much put it up there as well. We were at WDW for 14 days straight.  Yes that is 14 days.  And of those 14 days we went to Epcot on 7 of those days.  This park has EVERYTHING for everybody...to the slow moving omnivore...to the fast moving carbovore. If you have one park to visit while in WDW it's this park.  It's layout is spacious, beautiful, inviting and relaxing.  It's a bit of a walk from point to point so be prepared to walk and don't have a tight schedule for anything. We saw everything and did everything in this park. We didn't eat everywhere because we didn't have reservations for Akershus or Cellier Steakhouse.  But we did do Biergarten (twice), Marrakesh, Kringla Bakeri Og Kafe, Fountain View Ice Cream, La Cantina De San Angel, Boulangerie Patisserie (twice), Tangierine Café, Fish and Chips in the UK, Lotus Blossom Café. So here is my list of pass and must see... Pass....Captain EO....just because they brought it back in respect doesn't mean you should see it again...or even once.  Cutting edge for its day, painfully awkward today. Ok that's it for pass...seriously, not kidding, not being lazy just seriously this is all that you can pass up while at Epcot. Must see...this one is really hard because I want to put EVERYTHING on the list, but for an hard and fast MUST see.... Kidcot Fun Stops -- This was AWESOME it sucks if you don't have a small to take with you for an excuse but this was GREAT meeting all the nice people from around the world...well almost all the nice people, man was that chic from France grumpy or what?  Do this...you will not regret meeting all these wonderful kids from around the world. Oktoberfest Musikanten -- In the Biergarten.  An amazing culmination of AMAZING food and great entertainment make this the best "meal" in all of WDW for me.  Like I said before we returned.  I've never seen my son eat so much! Mission: SPACE Pavilion now don't think I am sending you on the actual "Mission Space" ride.  No, that is a great ride...but for a family of four to return to Mission: SPACE Advanced Training Lab, the "after ride" area for mission Space is pretty impressive.  The Mission Space Race game was amazingly satisfying to a 41 year old male and an 8 year old precocious girl and the wife and teen in between.   If you are looking for affordable fare in the park.  The best food deals are in Norway.  Hands down you get more "good" food for your money than anywhere else in all of WDW that I could find.  Park food almost never is amazing.  But Kringla Bakeri Og Kafe gave a sandwich and good sized salad for a good price.  Plus they had some AWESOME desserts. One more note.  If you drink Diet and Caffeine free...this park has a few spots where you can get Sprite Zero in a bottle.  Yay!  But even cooler....head over to the Boulangerie Patisserie and order a caffeine free Diet Coke!  I don't know if it was hiding elsewhere in the parks, but man, this is was a golden find for me.
I arrived at the park at 9:30 and by 10:00 I knew I'd spent a whole boatload of money on a bad day. I was wholly nonplussed by every aspect of this 1980s era showcase. By lunchtime I felt sick about the money and by the time it rained at 5:00 I couldn't wait to get out of there. I found it remarkably odd that the park logistics are administrated by humans but every possible part of the park's slim offerings were waxy robotic figures and grainy videos quite obviously filmed decade earlier.  And then there is the freighter-full of kitschy BS that only Disney can provide--unless you're in Vegas, St. Augustine, Mackinaw Island, or some other trapped-in-time-ans-space locale.  I should have just floated 1500 one dollar bills out a car window; it would have provided more entertainment for less expense.
Only been to MAGIC KINGDOM and EPCOT while i was in Disney world...Disney world is so big you need to spend a whole week just to experience  the whole five Disney theme parks attractions Epcot is awesome.... These are the few rides classic rides located in Epcot...also the ones i enjoyed the most! -Test Track (fast ride... so fun) -Mission: SPACE (spinning zero gravity ride) -Captain EO (4D show) -Soarin' ( it feels like you're really flying all over) -Spaceship Earth (VERY slow ride) -Maelstrom (log flume ride) I hate how there is a huge amount of people here during the summer... Extremely long lines... You spend your whole day stuck in lines...I spend all day and night at Epcot and each time I come here I only get to go on five to six rides I would defiantly come back... And I would love to come back during the winter time!!!
Really more like 4.5 stars because as an adult... you can drink your way around the countries! (BTW...sorry for the long entry.) Each country has its own adult beverage like wine, beer, sake, margarita, etc..... that you can try or buy a glass or and walk around with.  C'mon ON!  How cool is that at a Disney park?!!   Went on a Friday.... and yea... it was crowded. BTW... if you go early at 9am like we did... the International Showcase (countries) are not open.... yet... they open at 11am. So we did the main part of Epcot first... where we found only 1 place open for breakfast... the Sunshine Seasons or Seasons of Sunshine... something like that.  It was decent.... and since we were able to get a good breakfast we didn't need to eat lunch.... actually... we ended up having a liquid lunch (if you know what I mean).... There's a boat tour inside near the breakfast place.... Land of Life (I think)... in any case... it's a good way to 'rest' after eating to digest and get your bearings and plan the rest of your day.... Plus, you get to see some really cool stuff.... like how they grow veggies and fruits from plants that were formed into trees rather than in the natural form on the ground or as a bush... or even upside down... and see how they are farming to be more environmentally friendly and with a mission of sustainability.  Really Cool stuff here if you like gardening and / or farming ... or care how your food is grown. One of the really great rides of the day was the Test Track..... this was fun.  You get into a mock test car.... and the ride puts you through a series of tests like a car would go through for various conditions and speeds. My FAVE ride of the day was was the robot one that you can design your own rollercoaster ride.  Super Cool!!  It's called Sum of All Thrills inside Innoventions.... the line is a little slow but well worth the wait.  You can design your own twists and turns and speed.  We would have done this again but we never made it back over to the regular Epcot side.   Epcot (not the countries) is definitely a kid-friendly place .... but I'd say this is for older kids like 6+.... because there's lots of To Do / Hands On stuff... it's much more interactive than Disneyland or Magic Kingdom so it's better if they can and want to "do stuff" on their own like play with the computer simulations or make stuff or interact with the exhibits. The Countries (International Worldshowcase)... is not all that kid friendly... Yes, there are rides but they are not that good and it's mostly shops, exhibits and shows... and at night there are bands.... plus lots of eating and drinking. Note... don't make the DUMB mistake like me and order a margarita from the outdoor cantina... it's expensive and it's horrible.  Go INSIDE to the indoor mercado where there are a couple of mexican restaurants with REAL BARS where they will make you a REAL MARGARITA.  :)  Plus, the food is better than the outdoor fast food cantina.  That place was just nasty. If you want to try SAKE.... definitely hit up the small bar inside the Japanese store... it's in the corner near the wall of sake.... this is a good way to try it if you've never had it. The American Adventure show.... while it is a bit boring... it's a good place to rest and take a short nap like I did... I was refreshed and ready to go after a quick 15-minute power nap.  It's a good story about American history... but with the heat, humidity and lots of walking around... I needed a rest.  And this place hit the spot!  AND... the singers at the American Adventure are Awesome.  They sounded Great.  I could have listened to them for another 30 minutes instead of the automated presentation that I napped through.  Anyways.... France.... don't order the crepes from the outdoor cart... these were YUCK!  I took 3 bites ... I don't know why I took so many... and then threw it out.  But the sparkling wine at the outdoor cart was surprisingly refreshing! UK.... at night is hopping... music and the pubs are a good time.  But it does get crowded just like a regular pub... so be prepared to get neighborly with folks around you. LOVE  that every country has folks actually from that country working there.  Plus, I love that you can buy foods, candies and beverages from that country.  It's just so GREAT that you can get a little 'taste' of the country all in one park. Fun, Fun, Fun!
Your kids are bound not to appreciate ALL of Epcot until they're older. But YOU on the other hand, may very well love the crap out of it and tell your kids to shut it. There's a lot of shopping to be done, and a lot of EATING to experience. It's like a tour around the world in a day (and I recommend you spend a day here). And then come back to here or Magic Kingdom if you so happen to have free time during another day. In Mexico you should go on the little water ride, your kids will like it and it's very peaceful and cute. It's indoors and if it's raining its a nice place to wait it out. Norway has a ride too but it's more of a baby roller coaster indoors and I actually think that's the best little rollercoaster ride in a "country" in the park. Very short, and VERY tasty pastries nearby...China has a couple great food places and is definatley a picture perfect spot. They also have a NICE Chinese shop where you can get kimono's or other little things that you can't get easily anywhere else. I bought a tea set here once. Germany, The U.S, Japan, Morocco, France, the UK, and Canada are all awesome check it out but the last place, Italy I just want to point out has a great little restaurant which is pretty nice inside. Basically, everywhere you go is going to be epically themed out, and you'll really enjoy yourself guaranteed. The Japanese store is equally if not more so awesome than the Chinese one. Maybe I'm just a sucker for Asia. Oh oh! Here is where the Honey I shrunk the "audience" show is, it's awesome and nice and air conditioned. The Seas place didn't used to be Nemo decked out but you know. Now it is. In the past few years they've had a lot of newer stuff like the hang gliding simulation experience and the test track. Inside the Seas building you get a baby bit of aquarium (on a really badass scale) on your trip. I love that they're always coming up with new attractions. Makes it great for going back years later. If you like Innovations you'll like the Imagination! ride and if you didn't like the Innovations place you may still like the Imagination ride. It's got my favorite purple dragon, Figment on it :) Very cute. Lastly and defianately not least, you need to check out the Ellen time travel thing. It's witty it's really neat and it's educational (not that anyone actually cares about that but it's like the Chef Boyardee commercial where the lady is smacking the pans so her kids don't know that there's a full serving of veggies in every serving.)
My favorite park by far out of the other Disneyworld ones. Let's start by saying the adults will have a lot more fun here because of the food and beer selection. You can visit each country and try fresh and delicious food and beer from each one. The weather drops here because it's so open, I don't know that's just my opinion. My favorite beer is from Norway here, souvenir glass is worth it! Oh and my favorite ride is the Ellen's Universe of Energy! Have fun!
Took our 6 year old (nearly 7) to 4 Disney parks on her first trip. She liked Magic Kingdom Best followed by Epcot. Animal Kingdom was good, too but not awesome. Hollywood Studios was very lame. I will elaborate more on each resort very soon. We just LOVE EPCOT, though. USE FAST PASS - and go on Soarin' right away! Our 6 (nearly 7) year old love the Nemo ride (you sit in a pink clamshell) and rode it 4 times. Food is "meh" - but honestly - for Disney Food - it's some of the bext uou'll get.  Try Morocco or Mexico for Lunch, France is decent for dinner.
Out of all the Disney amusement parks in the world, Epcot is the Disney park that is mostly catering to adults. When I was a kid and watched programs on Epcot or checked out their attractions from a book, I always thought that Epcot looked boring. I can still see kids today who would feel the same way. As an adult, I have a huge appreciation to the cultural promotion and imagination that Epcot provides to their guests. The name Epcot derives from the acronym EPCOT (Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow), a Utopian city of the future planned by Walt Disney. It's now a theme park with the flavor of a World's Fair, including the World Showcase that contains pavilions representing eleven countries. To me, the World Showcase is my favorite part of Epcot. If you don't have the money or time to do some international traveling, visiting the World Showcase is the next best thing to get a flavor of visiting these countries! Their restaurant actually serves their ethnic foods, their gift shops sells their unique work of art, the landscape of each town is structured similar to real buildings, and Disney even hires actual international students from these countries to work in their native land. So with their knowledge and language of their nationalities, you get to experience the closest thing to their country. It's fun to walk from one country to the next. It works because of your fascination to experience other lands & cultures, with the help of your imagination. At night, there is a large light & water show called "IllumiNations: Reflections of Earth". This was the first Disney show of its kind, so when you watch it now, it seems outdated. There really isn't anything Disney related about this show; but instead, it celebrates unity around the world and shows off the spectacular lights & fireworks from the center of the park. It doesn't have the re-watch value or demand like Fantasmic or other popular Disney fireworks show, but you will have the appreciation for this show as it's a stepping stone for all the shows that were created afterwards. Overall, Epcot will attract the adults while the majority of kids will prefer the Magic Kingdom or the other parks. I was amazed at how much admiration I had for this park, so I highly recommend spending a day or two here when you're visiting Walt Disney World.
Love EPCOT! I am an adult, gosh darn it, and after all the kiddie (albeit super duper fun) stuff to be had in the other Disney parks, it is really nice to pretend I can be a grown up, too. For having an unquenchable thirst for world travel (and regrettably limited budget for it), it was very nice for the daughter and me to get a taste of different parts of the world in one park. It quenched our thirst a little while feeding it some more. I believe the daughter and I made a pact that if she had a perfect year in school, we are heading to Europe so we can see everything we saw at EPCOT up close and personal. Thank you for the great day and memories and for feeding our wanderlust, EPCOT!
Epcot is my second favorite park just behind Magic Kingdom. I spent an entire day here, and it wasn't enough time! Test Track was so awesome that I went on twice. Both times we didn't wait terribly long, but I'd recommend getting a Fast Pass for mid- to late afternoon rides. Soarin' was pretty amazing. I went on with Fast Pass both times. Since it is one of Epcot's most popular rides, definitely Fast Pass this one (otherwise, you will wait 45+ minutes).  One of the neat things about this ride is it includes smells associated with the various California scenes; my favorite was smelling the lemons while "gliding" through a lemon field. Even the corny Gran Fiesta Tour with the Three Caballeros boat ride was fun.  The view of the Mexican restaurant overlooking the water is beautiful. I wish I can say I enjoyed the World Showcase, but unfortunately, I did not get to spend a lot of time there because we were running back and forth between rides all day.  So I rushed through everything; it is mainly comprised of food, entertainment and shopping.  Aside from the Gran Fiesta Tour and Maelstrom, there are really no rides in the area. I liked that this park had an inside area to greet the main Disney characters (Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Pluto, Donald, etc.); however wait times reached to about 40 minutes when we were in the area (so we passed). This park and Magic Kingdom are two parks where there is too much to cover in one day.  I'd love to return to Epcot in the future!
MMM..Grand Marnier Slush... yummyyyy!!! My favorite ride there is the one inside the ball.. its a leisurely ride through history :) and the line is never long! Walking through the cute World Showcase you actually feel like you are in a different country. They put life and culture inside each one. Very cute!Soarin' is also a cool ride! Great park!
Did you know that EPCOT stands for Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow? Well until recently, I didn't either! Besides that fun fact, EPCOT is a way cool park. The World Showcase is probably the best thing about this park. Sure, there are rides, but the World Showcase is amazing b/c you can experience 10 countries in a matter of minutes (lots and lots of minutes that is- lol). Every showcase is true to their country. From the architecture to the food, you feel like you're really in that country. France has great pastries. Germany has beer and sausages. Italy has pasta and wine. Mexico has delicious frozen margaritas. And yes, I ate and drank all these things- lol.   Also, this Disney park has a STARBUCKS -- woohoo!!
I anticipated this would be my favorite of the four Disney Parks.  Instead it was my second favorite after Hollywood Studios.  As a life long xenophile, I was especially looking forward to the World Showcase.  The kids were slightly less cooperative than hoped for.   I was traveling with my fifth grade son, third grade daughter and my hubbie.  The front of the park is all science and we especially enjoyed the Spaceship Earth in the big golf ball as you first walk in.  It is a slow moving ride that takes you through a brief history of mankind and our technology.  There is a fun video game on the ride down as well as more educational games when you are done. Soarin is by far the best ride in the park.  There aren't alot of rides to speak of here but we loved this one and did it twice.  Get the fast pass if you have to and sit in front if you can.  You fly through the California landscape and in front you won't see other pple's feet dangling above you to give you a truer sense of flight. Test Track is not as scary as it looks.  It shows all the ways GM tests it's cars for durability and then in the end you go really fast in a circle.  It's educational in line if your kids are into how engines work. Now let's talk about Mission Space before moving on to World Showcase.  I HATED IT!  And we did the green easier ride.  Because a good friend who is a full grown man thought he was "going to die" on the orange ride, we did not attempt.  I suffer from a very mild case of claustrophobia.  Many of the rides will worn you about the sense of closed in spaces but nothing really bothered me until I did this ride.  I  have never had a medical grade panic attack in my life but I nearly did on this ride.  You sit in a pod which doesn't seem so bad at first but then after the doors are closed the front console comes in closer to you so there is only a few inches between your entire body and it.  I HATED IT!  Do not go on this ride if you have even a slight fear of claustrophobia.  The ride itself is not strenuous and my kids loved it.  I obviously did not. Now on to World Showcase.  This is very well done and very beautiful.  The buildings transport you and the ongoing street festival environment really was charming.  Eleven countries are represented with traditional architecture, food, gift items and street shows.  Norway and China have museum like exhibits. Now a girlfriend recommended I set the kids up with the Kim Possible game.  And my thought was the kids were going to be playing this scavenger hunt style game while I sampled the beers and foods of the world while casually taking in the scenery.  My friend's kids loved it but mine fought non-stop.  They only give you one phone per family and they could not take turns making it so I had to play interference the whole time.  It really took away from our experience and I finally just said ENOUGH. As for the food, we especially liked the Napoleon at the Patisserie in France $3.70, the fish and chips in United Kingdom $8.19 and the buttery goodness of the pretzel in Germany $4.50.  No nacho cheese necessary.  I recommend you sample your way through this area, sharing bites here and there. The beers all ran between $7.25 and $8 and my favorite first try was the Hovel in Germany though the Guiness with the Shamrock engraved on top in the Rose and Crown Pub was a nice touch.  Also, this place was hopping late night the Friday night they had Magic Hours till midnight.  While some of the other areas shut down, they were rocking like we were in Dublin on a Friday night. The nighttime show here is not as impressive as the other two parks but it's not bad and we saw it twice.  The first time between America and Italy and the second between Mexico and Norway.  The latter was the better viewing. We had one sit down dinner in Epcot at the Teppan Edo Restaurant.  This is incredibly impressive looking from the outside but nothing really special inside.  It's hibachi style dining which I had never done before so it was fun but I have nothing to compare it to.  The chefs showcased knife skills and a volcano out of onions.  The food was a little too oily for me and the sushi appetizer was nothing special.  $160 for our family of four.   A friend ate at The Garden Grill and loved it. Coral Reef also looked good for a sit down option but 6 weeks beforehand they were already sold out - so it must be good. The moral of the story on this one is, not great for little kids but impressive nonetheless.
First: get fast passes for test track and soarin. Test track is fun and exciting and you have the option to buy a picture at the end. Soarin is not worth a wait longer than 20-30 min but def enjoyable. The 3 min ride makes you feel like you are soaring above the scenes and theres even scents that go along with the scenery. Second: Visit the countries! A few things to mention: Make sure you go all the way inside MEXICO's building. The restaurant to the right has an extensive tequila selection and a walk up bar. We did a tequila sampler and got some amazing frozen margaritas. the shopping area is cool too complete with sombreros, maracas, cook books, etc. We ate in MOROCCO for lunch(Tangeriene Cafe) The best thing was the baklava. The other reviewer was right about the sangria, I saw the small glass its served in for 6.99-dont bother. CANADA has Le Cellier Restaurant. Get reservations early in advance if youre on the dining plan. Its a nice cozy atmosphere with wonderful food(fine dining but with casual attire) ($40 steaks) FRANCE makes you feel like you stepped in a Parisian bistro. You can buy glasses of wine from the gift shop(nice options at about $6 a glass) or croissants, etc across the way. NORWAY carries a nice perfume called Laila and a cologne for men. Very nice, I bought a decent size bottle for $55. Overall we had a great experience but besides the 2 rides, its def more of an adult park
Why 4 stars? Because at least the adults have something to do here.   ---   ---   --- Unlike Magic Kingdom, I do see the value here a bit. The quantity/quality of the food/drink items could be drastically increased, but it's still fun to eat and drink around the world. For example though, Germany does not even have a hefeweizen beer. What? C'mon. I still need to come for the food festival... I can't believe I haven't done it yet.
Epcot is by far my favorite park.  Unfortunately my children do not like the world showcase as much as I do so I am threatening to leave them at home next time!   Highlights include: Test track, Dinner at via Napoli, School Bread at the Norway pavilion bakery, Turtle Talk with Crush, sampling sodas from around the world at Club Cool, Soaring
I love Test Track!  Read the other five star reviews about EPCOT.  They are all true.
Go ahead, yell at me.  I'm gonna say this is still my favorite Disney theme park. Yeah yeah, the Magic Kingdom is awesome (it is) and there's something to be said about walking down Main Street and seeing Cinderella's castle.  But I'm also not a fan of gigantic lines and waiting hours to do even the most basic of rides (who wants to wait an hour to hop on a tea cup)? What I like about Epcot is the balance of kid/adult fun.  Yes, the lines for marquee rides like Test Track can still be insane if you don't have Fast Pass+ (unless you get to the park like first thing in the morning).  But they do offer some nice thrills that may be absent from the Magic Kingdom.  I also like how they try to offer something educational along the way.  Even the boring ride at The Land offers some insight on hydroponic agriculture.  At least I learned something before nodding off.  The Living Seas is also a nice aquarium experience and who doesn't love Nemo? What I like about Epcot makes up half the park - the international showcase.  Sure it's cheesy and for well-traveled folks this may seem like a cheap ripoff of exotic places (it is).  But still it's nice to take in the sights and take the obligatory photo in front of the faux-Eiffel Tower.  Here - there are some great culinary experiences that actually deliver surprising results.  A couple of notable places are the Oktoberfest experience in Germany (lots of fun), all the dining options at France are spot on, and even the restaurant at Morocco was surprisingly good.   For the whole experience, it's definitely nice to enjoy Epcot.  It doesn't get ridiculously overwhelming like the Magic Kingdom and you still definitely get plenty of reminders around the park that you're in Disney World (just look at all the gift shops scattered around the park).  I always go here as my first choice, followed by Hollywood Studios, the Magic Kingdom and Animal Kingdom.  They are all fun, but for a relatively balanced experience, I definitely vote for Epcot first.  It's also helpful that there's a monorail still running to this park.  The trains have definitely gotten older since the days when my parents used to take me here 30 years ago - but overall everything still retains its lovely charm. Tips: 1. Get here early 2. Hit up the popular rides first 3. Mission Space - do NOT do this if you have health issues.  You've been warned.  You will feel every second of the ride, and it's not a pleasant feeling for older people. 4. If you have to eat something - Chefs de France offers a pretty good meal at a great price.  Avoid China - the food there is pretty weak 5. If you're hopping around with a park hopper pass - do not try to do this park on the same day as the Magic Kingdom.  The long wait times at MK coupled with the sheer size of this park will lead to a lot of wasted time.  Better to do MK + Hollywood Studios on one day and Epcot/Animal Kingdom on another day to balance things out if you have 2 days in the park using hopper passes.
OMG when did this place become so cool??  I had not visited Epcot since I was a kid.  All I remembered about it was the big ball. Who knew I was missing out on all the fun. First of all for us 80's kids, they have the MJ 3d movie back.  YES the original movie.  Sure it was not as cool I as I remembered it to be but still it was a nice Déjà vu  experience. But what makes Epcot the place to go?  The Countries!!!  The hubby and I decided to have our very own food and wine festival.  In every country, we had a bite to eat and a drink.  What a great time!!   Disney, Hollywood Studies, Universal move out of the way because Epcot is the place to go.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Epcot.
All the Disney parks are great, but I love Epcot.  The entire park is cool, but the World Show Case is amazing.  Each Country has a ride or shows that are really cool.  My favorite time of the year is the Food and Wine Festival in the fall.  They have extra exhibits with food and drinks.  It can get expensive but it is worth it.  Blood Orange Margarita in Mexico are my favorite.
I never thought I'd use the words "love" and "Disney" in the same sentence... that's until I went to Epcot. Think theme park with more adult elements than for the kids. This park is very different from the rest of the parks - it's sort of educational with some character rides sprinkled in between. I liked the learning aspect while sitting in hovercrafts and car simulators, it didn't seem like learning and they rides were really quite interactive and fun. If I didn't see some random princesses walking around or a variety of tourists strolling around with smaller than their head Mickey Mouse ear hats, I probably would have forgotten that I was at a Disney park all together. I sort of geeked out in all 11-countries being highlighted at the park. Not only did I walk around touching and looking at everything, I ended up conversing with a lot of the transplants that they had working there to see where they were from and what they thought of Florida. I know... I'm weird. I think it's amazing that there is a program like this where people from other countries can come and work for a year on Disney's dime. Super smart and it really adds that extra touch in each land you're visiting. My fave had to be the Germans selling beer and souvenirs. They were the cheeriest bunch of them all. Canada was quite friendly and the peeps in England were trying to sell some of the Queen's famous hand cream. France pushed some of their delicious pastries on my and I got to watch pearls being harvested from oysters in Japan. Where else can you see all of this in a span of a few hours? The park is huge. If you do stay and try to check everything out, you might need two days to do so. We stopped and ate, snacked and drank for the full day, and we still missed some attractions, shows and shops. I was on the fence about giving this place four or five stars. Why? Because the park hours are funky... and annoying. The park itself opens at 9am, however 95% of the restaurants, rides, gift shops and anything fun don't open until 11am. We luckily had breakfast reservations to help pass the time, but I could feel the frustration amongst the park-goers that were trying to get an early start on their day, only to be told that they were pretty much out of luck and forced to wait another two hours before they could do something. I went with the five mark because I really did love my time here. There's that pesky word again... I'm definitely looking forward to my trip back to Epcot. I wish it was closer so I could indulge in it on a more consistent basis!
Why the hell did I ever do this? I still ask myself that. There is only one word that can possibly describe EPCOT... BORING!!! The only thing I liked about it was all the international shops. It was good for browsing but nothing in any of them made me want to pull out my wallet and part with my hard-earned cash. For me, window shopping is as far as it went. My stay in Orlando was in late May so it was already hot and humid. At the sun's zenith, I found myself seeking refuge in a temperature controlled restaurant and when I finally stumbled onto the American Cafe, I found what I was looking for. As I perused the menu, looking for that one vegetarian item, I honed in on the salad. When I got to my table to partake of my only choice, what do you think I found? To my shock and horror, proschiutto! Good God, I spent nearly half an hour picking through the damn thing, hoping I'd gotten it all. Having small pieces of this stuff in my salad and searching them out one by one, was painstakingly tedious, and enough to ruin an otherwise crappy meal. What could have been the highlight of my day was the ride with Ellen called Energy. It was pretty cool as the masses piled into these enormous cars that took us slowly through each of the sections. When we entered the dinosaur part of the ride, IT BROKE, leaving us stranded until rescued by workers who ushered us out like dejected cattle. That just ruined my day at EPCOT. I left. When will I ever learn that you can't recreate something you loved so much as a child? Maybe never.
Who knew you could walk around with an alcoholic beverage at Disney? I thought this type of behavior was only accepted at two occassions: Mardi Gras and New Orleans. Unfortunately I didn't have enough time to go on Soarin and Test Track, but the food and wine festival was absolutely amazing. If I had more time or my next trip to Orlando I would definitely spend more time here.
Let's start with the bad so we can get it all out of the way.   #1. FastPass is a rip off, sure you get 3 "free" with each ticket but you cannot use it as easy as you think.  You have to first go online using your smartphone and register.  Next you have to choose from their FastPass bundles and certain timeslots.  In other words, it is designed so you buy more FastPass slots, it's a shame.  You cannot use it anywhere at anytime you want and if you don't use it by a certain time in the day, you lose it. #2. Not enough rides at EPCOT and they don't have any rollercoasters. #3. Many of the attractions are outdated like "Ellen's Energy Adventure", "Captain EO" and "Spaceship Earth". But in all fairness Spaceship Earth is supposed to have a nostalgic feel to it. #4. Some of the rides were closed and also the park was not 100% clean, for example #5. Speed traps everywhere along Interstate 4 so be very careful. Now let's go on to the good: Parking is excellent and very organized.  After you get past security, if you need it, will call is located at the very entrance and there are about 6-8 booths. They get you going fast. Getting into the park is easy and organized as well, once you have your ticket, you simply go through a check point and then they scan it along with your finger print (keeps you from scalping tickets). At the entrance of the park and all up in your face, you can't miss "Spaceship Earth".  It is very iconic, it is the big white ball looking structure and it is worth it for all ages. You will definitely enjoy it and the interaction that goes with it. "Test track" is the closest thing to a roller coaster and it is extreme fun and goes up to 65+ MPH.  Definitely a ride you want to do more than once. Food at the Electric Umbrella restaurant is decently priced and is comparable to like a school cafeteria.  A family of 5 can eat here for ~$50. There are tons of attractions exclusively for toddlers & little kids - like "Turtle Talk with Crush" and "The Seas With Nemo and Friends". "Soarin'" is very fun, you get to feel like you are really flying.   The most intense ride is "Mission Space", you get to experience G-Forces and it really feels like you are going into Space. It is amazing but not for the weak-stomached folks LOL. The park has something for everyone.  The world showcase is definitely fun for adults and older folks.
Yeah for adult time, and drinking around the world! All the cool, long line ridse are by the front. Yes, it is expensive, but hey you shelled out way too much to come to Disney in the first place, so that shouldn't be a shock! The aquarium in Nemo is great! So many cool fishes, sting rays, and more! You can enter the aquarium by going through the exit, if you don't want to stand in line for the ride! Make sure to get your fast passes for Test Track or Soarin right when you get there. One they run out, they run out! Also remember, once your time slot is over on the fast pass, you can go whenever! I know it is all getting dated, but i still find it fun to be able to walk from china to germany in under 10 minutes! All the performances are fun - Taiko drums are by far my favorite!
Epcot is far and away my favorite park, especially in October!   My hubs and I always spend some time in Future World, mostly so we can pretend we didn't just come to Epcot for the food.  I love love the aquarium, especially when the divers are swimming around.  And I definitely get a kick out of the sodas in the Cool Zone.  My favorites are Israel and Mozambique.  I know it's weird, but I really like the bitter one from Italy, too, but it makes my husband gag.  Depending on how hot it is outside, we'll go on a ride or two to take advantage of the AC on the indoor rides. And then it's on to the World Showcase.  I love the Food & Wine festival, but it can definitely get expensive.  Here's my tip for couples trying to keep it on the cheap(ish): buy one of everything and split it.  This works really well for me and my husband - we get a little taste of everything, but spend half as much as we would if we each got a plate.  And watch out for Ireland - the line is always long thanks to people waiting for a glass of Guinness.  Outside of F&W, the countries are lots of fun to explore.  If you're walking around on a hot day, be sure to hit up the rides in the countries that have them - they may be pretty kid-centric, but they're inside in the cool.  The shops are incredible - from German toys to Japanese pearls, there's tons to look at.  I love eating at the Nine Dragons in China, and dessert is always from France.  (I've eaten at Teppan Edo, but while the food was delicious I was kinda annoyed by the show, and by the fact that we were stuck in with a larger group to fill the table.  Eating with strangers while the chef watches - fun!)  Some of the countries on the World Showcase are a little silly to me.  The only time I like the United States section is during the Food & Wine festival - lobster rolls and Sam Adams, baby! - and doesn't Magic Kingdom already have Liberty Square?  And then there's Canada... oh, Canada.  We always start with Mexico, so by the time we get to Canada we're too full and tired to do anything except snicker at Disney's interpretation of traditional Canadian clothing.  It's a good place to relax, though, as it's usually not very busy compared to the other countries.  And they're apparently planning to update Le Cellier Steakhouse to a "signature dining experience" in March of 2011, so that'll definitely be on my "to try" list.   So, yeah.  Epcot rocks.  Go there!
After almost 25 years of visiting Disney Orlando, I'm always amazed by how I never seem to grow tired of Epcot. Yes, some rides need to be updated to reflect a new future, but this is the beating heart of all possibilities. When I came here for the first time, some of the things predicted in my ride through Spaceship Earth seemed far fetched. Now after almost 25 years, it remarkable that the things that we're being predicted are now real. Another side if Epcot that I don't tire of, is the a World of Nations. I didn't get to do it this tim around, but i always like to go country to country and try some food or drink. Will definitely do it this fall at the Food and Wine festival.
Just came back from the International Food and Wine Festival they hold each fall at this park. It a great way to try foods and wines and beers from other countries all at the expense of a day pass to Disney World and the cost of said food, wine or beer. The character spot at this park had picture taking with Mickey, Minnie and Pluto. We did two rides this year, the Grand Fiesta Tour boat with Donald Duck and I was sad at how much the ride has fallen off in the last year.  Disney really needs to take a look at the narration and the speed of the film that is played during the ride as it is off by several seconds and the scenes don't match up with the narration. We also road Soarin.  This was a great ride.  It simulates you gliding over several California landmarks and at one point as you are gliding over an orange grove, you can actually smell oranges, and as you glide over the ocean, you not only feel like your feet will get wet, but also can feel the breeze off the water. The Food and Wine portion of it can be expensive if you don't pace yourself, A sampling can range in cost from $3 - $9 depending on what you are sampling and there are 30 villages to sample from with at least 2-3 food samples and 3-5 liquor samples per village. My sampling is below.   By far the best thing I had was the lamb chop from Australia with pesto and potato chips. China- Mongolian Beef on Steamed bun, ewww, but two thumbs up for the Chicken Satay w/pickled veggies and i would have paid more just for the pickled veggies. Florida Local- White Sangria.  Mines that I make at home is much better. France, some kind of slushie.  More please!!!! Hops & Barley - Lobster Roll, too much mayo and not enough bread Japan - Karaage Hand Roll (Crispy Chicken Breast with Sushi Rice and Spicy Mayonnaise) & Sukiyaki Beef Pan (Marinated Thinly Sliced Rib Eye with Sauteed Onions and Teriyaki Sauce Served in a Bun) - $4.50, The hand roll, was good, two other people share the beef pan with me and we all wished we had gotten another of the hand roll. Mexico - Various margaritas, with the extra shots on the side.  Get the extra shots, otherwise it all syrup and hardly any liquor. Morocco - Merguez Sausage (Beef and Lamb Sausage with Grilled Peppers and Onions) , We bought two and threw them both in the garbage. Poland - Belvedere® Frozen Lemon Apple "Tea"....uh.....MORE PLEASE!!!! Scandinavia - Cured Salmon, Herring and Shrimp Salad, i know its suppose to be a delicacy, but I don't like raw fish, the others that tried it felt the same way.   Swedish Meatballs with Lingonberries .....Delicious Singapore - Singapore Sling - well worth the $8 price tag and gets you tipsy quickly South Africa - Seared Filet of Beef with Smashed Sweet Potatoes and Braai Sauce & Spinach and Paneer Cheese Pocket , I preferred the sweet potatoes more than anything else in the dish and the cheese and spinach pocket was nothing more than a hot pocket that I could buy at my local grocer.
This is the best theme park for adults. Relaxing and good ambience!!
I like this park, but also not a big favorite. Definitely a good teaser to your future hobby of being a jetsetter! They have three parts: The future, "around the world", sealife aka finding nemo life. You can basically visit parts of the world, taste their food, delve into their culture, and buy souvies that are culture themed! Expect to visit Paris, Germany, Italy, China, Japan, Canada and more! My faves: COCA COLA WORLD: be warned I think it's all pure sugar and less of the carbonation so your mouth will feel a big punch of sugary sweetness when you sample coca cola flavors from all over the world! (definitely wash it down in between sips with water). It is of course still fun to try the odd flavors! TURTLE TALK WITH CRUSH: come on...who doesn't love talking surf! and of course while the kids think Crush is so awesome. expect the adults to think so too as he will drop very funny Adult humor in his turtle talks. AQUARIUM/MANATEES: you just have to come in and fascinate yourself with the matinees,dolphins, humongous stingrays and eels. (Didn't have time to dig deep into outer space. so now reviews for that section *sad face*) ********ILLUMINATIONS: it's just so moving, beautiful, and a great way to end your night. "explosive" if you ask me.
Epcot bored me.  I know.  I'm 5.  I like fast rides and excitement, and Epcot didn't have a lot to offer in that way.  We had dinner at the Canadian restaurant, which was expensive but tasty.  The lobster mac and cheese - oh how I love thee. We found a pin shop (the second largest in Disney), and they had the Jiminy pin I'd been looking for all week! I mostly enjoyed shopping at Epcot.
Best Disney Park after Disneyland Park of course.  This place is amazing and stimulating to the brain.  You actually learn here and explore!  The place is huge and 1 day is not enough!  I think I could spend my whole week of vacation at this park because there is so much to see!  Plus, my favorite Disney Character, Figment, lives here! :)  Love epcot...also love the different spirits at Epcot--ahem...don't forget to bring plenty of money to 'drink around the world.'  Plus they have great food here! :)
Every want to travel around the world and do it in one day. Well in Epcot you sure can. Travel around the countries of Mexico, Norway, China, Germany, Italy, USA, Japan, Morocco, France, United Kingdom, and Canada. Just get a hint of what each country has to offer. You also get to meet Mulan, Alice, Snow White, Mary Poppins, Belle, Princess Aurora. My favorite country to visit was Mexico. I went on this ride called the Gran Fiesta Tour. During this boat ride you watch two feathered amigos look for Donald Duck throughout Mexico. The boat was very cool as you rode along pass the restaurant. The best part about Mexico was Donald Duck was actually there!!! YES!!! My favorite Disney character. He tried to tickle me. Haha!! Outside of the countries you can meet Mickey's favorite teddy bear, Duffy. He was quite the cute and cuddly bear. Kind of makes you want to take him home. Everything about Epcot outside of that was geared towards the future and being innovative with technology. I think one cool thing was Epcot Character Spot. Take your pictures with Mickey, Minnie, and Goofy all in one area. How sweet was that. Awesome. Get pictures with the most popular characters. Best thing was the line was very short and quick. The absolute best ride in Epcot is the Soarin' ride. Hang glide through beautiful views of California. Amazing ride. Very worth the wait of 45 minutes in line. Hope you saved room for some shopping in Epcot. Snap lots of photos especially with the Disney characters. After you experience all of Epcot, end the night with some lovely fireworks.
My favorite of the Disney parks (at least where Orlando is concerned) and definitely the most fun for adults. In a very brief form--the benefits: Alcohol. Captain EO. Soarin'. Test Track. World Showcase. In that order. Possibly repeating several. Mission Space was very "meh" for me. Overhyped. There are much nicer, simpler pleasures to be had (with much less wait time). It does, however, seem like some of the shops are a little bare. . . (I'm talking to you, used-to-be-awesome-toy-shop-now...nada...in England) hopefully this will change as the crowds pick up along with the economy.
Let me start off by saying I love Walt Disney World. I vacation there at least once a year. I love all four parks and I love the dinning experience WDW offers. So in my review I will simply state my favorite rides and restaurants. As you walk into Epcot (short for Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow) you can't help but notice Spaceship Earth or what many people simple call The Ball. Spaceship Earth is an educational journey through the history of communication. This is usually our first stop. After you walk past Spaceship Earth Epcot is divide into three parts, The World Showcase, Future World and The Land. Future World is where you will find most of the cool rides. Test Track, Mission: Space and Honey I Shrunk the Audience are all highly recommended. Test track is a tour of a GM test facility to test some of the modern technology that is part of everyday cars. Fasten your seat belts because Test track is the fastest ride in all of Walt Disney World. If you decide to try Mission: Space join the Orange team first. If you can handle that and you are feeling brave join the Green Team for the full effect of space travel. Don't worry if you join the Green Team Disney provides barf bags in the cockpit. This ride gets intense and thats why I love it! If Mission: Space is a bit too much for you then head over to the land and ride Soarin'. This ride is so amazing! The wait time for this ride is insane. Fast Passes go very quickly and you can wait up to 2 hours for this ride. Where else in Florida can you take a hang glider tour of the Golden State. As you flying over the mountains, orange groves, redwood tree forests, the pacific ocean and ending up flying over Disneyland you experience the sights sounds and smells of California. It is truly a breathtaking experience. For a good laugh you need to experience Honey I Shrunk the Audience. A 4D experience that will send shivers up you spine and make you laugh all at the same time. Next is the World Showcase. Here you can visit many of the World's Countries. Each country is staffed with people who are actually from that country. It helps provide a truly unique experience in each country. My main purpose for visiting the World Showcase is to eat. Some of the best WDW restaurants are found in the World Showcase. I would highly recommend Le Cellier in Canada, Teppan Edo in Japan.  I have already reviewed both of these restaurants  so check out my reviews. Norway offers character dining with the Disney Princesses (except Cinderella). If you daring and willing to try a unique cuisine I would suggest having dinner in Norway. If you want to play it safe you Norway offers a tradition American Breakfast. It is a great time if you have young girls in your party. No matter where you decide to eat, reservations are a must! If you decide to go to Epoct and leave the kids with a babysitter I would recommend the un-official disney game of Drinking Around the World. Yes, the World Showcase serves alcohol. So start in England with a Bass Ale and if you make it to Mexico grab yourself a margarita. As you walk from pavilion to pavilion you are entertained by live performers from each country. The statue in Italy and Japanese drums  are entertaining but my favorite is the belly dancers in Morocco (do I need to explain why? LOL).   At night Epoct puts on a spectacular fireworks, laser and water show called Illunations: reflections of Earth. Set to music this show is a must see. Epoct is A LOT of walking so like I state in all my reviews of the Disney parks wear comfortable shoes.
What to do at EPCOT as a young adult without kids: 1. Drink / Snack around the World Showcase. It gets pricey, no doubt. But it's one of my favorite things to when at EPCOT. One of my go-to's are Japan's Katsura Grill (quick-service) - get the curry. The other is the Fish & Chips stand by the Rose & Crown pub in the UK. While in the UK, also order the Welsh Dragon. This cocktail is VERY sweet & quite delicious. 2. Playing Agent P. It breaks up the filling of the stomach with a activity while meandering around the World Showcase. It's kiddy. But hey. When in Disney... 3. Playing games at the Innoventions Plazas of Future World. My fav at the West plaza is the "Where's the Fire" game. You are teamed up to compete against another group to find fire hazards through the house. It's active & competitive. At Innoventions East, there's the Habit Heroes game. It's interactive & lightly active. The niche here is that it sends you off on a quest if you choose to participate afterwards. You'll notice that I left out the big rides. Duh. Do those too. I'm an annual pass holder. It gives me the mindset to appreciate the smaller things each park has to offer. If you're close enough to return a few time throughout the year, I strongly suggest you invest in the annual pass. My 230-ish mile drive is totally worth the visit each time!
Epcot was always my favorite of the Disney parks when I was little, and now that I am older, not much has changed, except the park that is. Although The Living Seas has been replaced with Finding Nemo, and Mission Space and Test Track are the hottest rides in the park, I still love going there, and now that I am over 21, I can have the benefit of experiencing the International part of Epcot more fully ;-) The Good: Kid-Friendly Front Half: The front half of the park is centered around technology, and is home to the iconic globe ride. This place also has the ultra popular mission: space and test track, and an innovations hall where you can test out new and cool things. Adult friendly second half: While there are a few attractions in the World's showcase that might interest kids, most notably the "Maelstrom" ride in Normandy, but by and large, the world showcase is a place for adults to sample the food, and most importantly drink, of different countries. The Bad: Yes, it's Disney: This place is a part of the Disney world, so you can expect long lines full of tourists on weekends, expensive ticket prices and ood, and basically all the Disney ickiness that you might expect. But of course you can circumvent the tourist issue by going on a Monday or Tuesday (my best plan) Epcot is a great place for kids and adults to go and have a fun time. It is probably the most well-balanced of all the Disney parks, and you'll have a great time when you visit. Just make sure you don't have a problem ponying up the cash! Overall 8.9/10
Disney....... World! Can u give me back my day? and money? I spent a day walking around the the different "countries" finding a place to eat only to find out that all the eateries open later. I walked around aimlessly looking for a quick food spot only find all the little kiosk closed. Unhappy at the happiest place on earth... I did the like the character sighting, one star for that and another for kind staff I every now and then).
I straight-up loved Epcot and it might have been the medication. But I think it was mostly being surrounded by people I love in an environment where we only needed to think about what looks interesting to do next and when should we catch a lift to dinner. I could live here, why can't I live here! Should have legalized gambling, though. Come on Disney go that little bit extra into human experience. Disney craps on the lake. I would comment positively on the eateries, if I could remember the names. We didn't really have any bad meals that I can remember. For rides I'd recommend the Gary Sinise space launch ride ASAP when you get there because you might want to go again later. Test Track was fun too. Don't miss the Norway ride with the scary North Sea oil platform storm room. That was probably the most intense space I've ever been in in my life. And why, I cannot say. It's true that oil drilling is important to Norway, but are they commenting on how heroic it is to do so? Are they claiming these people are the evolution of seafaring Vikings who owned the oceans? A case could be made. We saw Captain EO and it was hilarious. Plus I met Mary Poppins and that was unexpected. Wish I'd met more humans in character as Disney characters just walking around. Thanks, EPCOT
Epcot is great! There's really two parts to it.  One is the rides/attractions, and the other is a collection of buildings meant to pay tribute to different world cultures.  While the latter also has "rides," they're not that exciting. Of the rides, the must do list includes Mission Space (perhaps the best ride in both epcot and the magic kingdom) and Soarin'.  While the rides tend to be on the short side, the majority of them are really well thought out. There are long lines, but with the Fastpass system is an excellent way to get around them.  If you have the energy to plan the day, the entire park, including all rides and attractions, can be done in about 9 hours.     ps - Don't miss the fireworks at the end of the day - it's a great show.
I walk down a narrow alleyway, the sound of Moroccan music playing in the background, the shop vendors conversing in Arabic, the splash from a water fountain I passed a few minutes ago still echoing off the beige walls. Africa? No. This is EPCOT. This theme park is arguably the best one in the US, maybe in the world. It provides visitors the opportunity to visit multiple continents in the span of a few hours. Each themed "country" location is really, truly incredible. I loved going to Japan, but I have to say, Morocco was the best. Perhaps it was just because it was so different from anything I'd ever seen before; just the pure foreignness. I'm not sure. But I loved the day I spent at EPCOT. In addition, there is "the future", which is a bit dated. However, I think that visiting all of the countries is the highlight of this amazing theme park. There are, of course, really awesome rides, but you can get that anywhere. Also, the food here is really, really good. It's not your typical theme park food, but actually some pretty good stuff. Even if you are a self-proclaimed Disney dislike-er, you won't be able to stay that way for long. This park is the epitome, the zenith of awesomeness. Why? The answer to that is unexplainable. It just is.
Loved trying different snacks and beers from every country. Attempted to have a beer from every country, but the park started to close. Try it if you like but drink responsibly!
EXPERIMENTAL PROTOTYPE COMMUNITY OF TOMORROW Epcot is one of my favorite parks in Walt Disney World.  I feel like I am going on an educational trip around the world in a day.  Epcot is split in two distinct areas known as Future World and World Showcase.  Future World consists of a variety of pavilions that explore innovative aspects and applications of technology.  World Showcase contains small scale replicas of eleven countries. Future World consists of the following pavilions: Spaceship Earth-Take a trip through time from prehistoric man to the invention of the computer inside the geodesic sphere.  One of my favorite rides; I like the updated sets and new musical score.  4/5 Innoventions Pavilions-Two large pavilions focus on technologic advances and how they impact our lives.  I enjoyed the House of Tomorrow exhibit; worth a visit if you have time. 3/5 Universe of Energy-Home to the very odd "Ellen's Energy Adventure"; a 45-minute ride in gigantic cars that take you on a trip to discover the origins of oil.  I think this attraction needs some serious updating; only visit if you have the time and want to a break from the heat and need a nap.  2/5 Mission:  SPACE-A thrill ride that simulates a rocket launch.  The orange version of the ride contains spinning and is very intense and the green version is less intense with no spinning.  I decided to try the orange version and I felt dizzy for about an hour after the ride.  3/5 Test Track-Become the test dummy of this ride as you are put through a series of tests that include temperature changes, curves, and speeds of over 60 miles per hour.  A thrilling ride that you must try at least once.  4/5 The Seas with Nemo and Friends-Ride in a clam shell to enter one of the largest saltwater aquariums in the world featuring dolphins, sharks, sea turtles, and manatees.  Worth a visit if you have the time.  3/5 The Land-Home to two of my favorite rides:  Soarin' and Living with the Land.  The Soarin' ride in Disney World is identical the one in Disneyland's California Adventure.  It gives you the sensation of gliding over California complete with the scent of oranges.  Living with the Land was closed this time but I look forward to riding through the hydroponic gardens on the next visit. 5/5 Imagination!-Features the rides Honey, I Shrunk the Audience and Journey into Imagination with Figment.  I subjected myself to these attractions once and that was enough for me.  1/5 World Showcase World Showcase contains eleven countries:  Mexico, Norway, China, Germany, Italy, United States of America, Japan, Morocco, France, United Kingdom, and Canada.  I like the fact that each county is staffed by citizens of the countries; this makes the experience seem more authentic.  My favorite thing to do is wander through the countries and experience the culture, entertainment, and food.  I have sampled many of the restaurants here and some of my favorite ones are Tutto Italia in Italy and Chef de France in France. We had a great time strolling through Epcot in September because there were no lines.  Because I have been here many times, it was nice to just enjoy the park with no agenda.
If you go, be sure to stay for the Illuminations show that takes place on the water in the World Showcase.  It is THE BEST video/light/laser/fireworks show I have ever seen, bar none.   I've seen fireworks shows before that are supposed to be set to music but they really are not in sync.  Illuminations was in perfect sync with the music.  This show was perfect - it starts with HUGE balls of fire - you can feel the heat from 300 yards away.  Most of the pavilions for the various countries represented have restaurants and some offer other rides and/or attractions
Epcot is a pretty awesome park as you get to explore and enjoy the cultures of many different countries. The giant dome is the epitome of the future section and famous icon of Epcot. Overall it is more of a walk and see type of park as there are not really any fast paced rides here. Most of them are boat rides or shows to view places around the world. Unless of course you want to go on Mission: Space, Soarin', or the race track ride. The main reason I prefer to visit Epcot is for the World Showcase. If you do come here, try and spend a good half a day at least. It would be ideal to be on an empty stomach so you can try all the delicious foods. The cool thing about Epcot is that they serve alcohol. Beers from Germany, wine in Italy, tequila in Mexico, but what I really enjoyed was the Green Tea Colada from Japan. Prices are typical Disney Vacation high. Another great thing about the World Showcase is how your favorite characters can be found in their corresponding countries. I saw Elsa and Anna in Norway, Mulan in China, Snow White in Germany, Alice in the United Kingdom, and even got to spend quality time with Pooh and Tiger in Christopher Robin's room. End the day with the awesome IllumiNations: Reflections of Earth fireworks show.
The Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow will forever be my favorite Disney park. The World Showcase is a dream come true for me. I actually did have a couple issues with it this past visit, but they were made up for in other ways, and even with those issues it is the most awesome theme park I have ever been to. I'm looking at a map right now, so I'm just going to start at the entrance and talk about the different parts of the park as they are numbered. First is Spaceship Earth, which everyone seems to like to call "the golfball." One thing that's nice about Spaceship Earth is that you can see exactly how long the line is before you get in line - you get on the ride basically as soon as you enter the building, so the whole waiting area is outside. This might be unfortunate on hot, sticky days, but if the line's not too long it's not bad at all. Spaceship Earth is a classic. It was great as it was, perhaps partially for sentimental value, but it's been updated since my previous visit and I think the updates are fantastic. There is now a screen in ever car that allows you to choose the language of the ride's narration, and towards the end when you ride backwards to "return to Earth," which previously was not very exciting, there's a fun little interactive video that plays - I'll leave that mostly a surprise, though. Ellen's Energy Adventure is cute. I'm an Ellen fan and I grew up watching Bill Nye, so I love the video at the beginning. The ride-through dinosaur part is slow-moving and kind of weird, but whatever. The animatronic Ellen is amusing. Mission: Space is one of the few things I don't love about EPCOT. I mostly think it's boring and just generally  not a good time. Test Track is one of the things I loved most about EPCOT on previous visits, but when I was there last month, they seemed to be having problems. The cars weren't going as fast as they used to, for one. I imagine this might be because they have the cars closer together now than before - once when I was on the ride, we saw the "wall" closing as we turned the corner, which ruined the illusion - another time, the wall didn't even have time to close at all! I'm not used to this kind of thing from Disney - usually they're quite good at keeping up the illusion. We remembered Innoventions as being kind of lame, so we decided not to go through this time. Luckily, we wound up passing through to get from one place to another, and discovered a virtual reality-type ride where you design your own roller coaster and then get to "ride" it. This was really cool. The Seas with Nemo and Friends seemed kind of lame at the beginning, but I enjoyed the end of the ride. Soarin' is a really fun ride, but the amount of time you have to wait in line - even on a slow day with a Fast Pass - is extremely frustrating. I would have loved to have gone on this ride more than once, but the wait time made it unappealing. I was obsessed with Figment as a child, so his ride is a sentimental favorite. "Honey, I Shrunk the Audience," was extremely dated, and I'm so glad they replaced it with "Captain EO"! We saw EO at least four times during our trip, and it was great. Finally, the main event! The World Showcase is an obsession of mine.  I think Canada is a little boring, but I love all the other countries. Mexico was my favorite as a child (and lead me to believe that it was always night in Mexico), but Morocco is my favorite now. Obviously these are exaggerated versions of the countries and highlight the most "typical" aspects of them, but I just adore it. I especially love that the people who work here are actually from the countries they're working it. It adds to the authenticity, plus I just love meeting people from other places and cultures. Gah! Just writing about it makes me want to be here right now. This is definitely the longest review I've ever posted. My obsession is showing!
Definitely one of my two favorite parks (the other being Hollywood Studios). Be sure to try all the great food in the world showcase. Also, for those who went on Mission Space a while ago, there's now a separate non-spinning version of the ride that makes it a lot more enjoyable (team green).
We native Floridians are so spoiled. As a kid, I thought Epcot was just okay. I didn't hate it like some of the kids in my class (who considered it the boring "educational" theme park), but I would've preferred going to MGM instead. I have a much better appreciation for Epcot as an adult. Yep, parts of it are still educational (Spaceship Earth, Living with the Land), parts are really fun (Soarin', Test Track, Mission Space), and some parts are just plain weird (Maelstrom, Journey into Imagination with Figment and Captain EO... pretty sure I lost a fair amount of brain cells on the latter two). I love the World Showcase (Morocco and Mexico being my favorite pavilions), and have come for the Food & Wine Festival for the past several years. Epcot is the only Disney park where I actually enjoy the food. Yeah, it's overpriced (hello, you're in Disney), but at least it's better than the miserable quick service options you find at every other park. In particular, the cheese soup from Le Cellier in Canada, vegetarian spring rolls at Lotus House in China, and tapas at Spice Road Table in Morocco are all fantastic options that are available year-round and not just during the Food & Wine (or Flower & Garden) Festival. Want to ride Soarin' but don't want to wait in a two-hour line or have to get to the park the second it opens for a Fast Pass? Wait until the end of the night, especially if the park is open later (around 9). On my last visit, I rode Soarin' twice in the span of 10 minutes... it had no wait whatsoever. Otherwise, reserve a Fast Pass in advance with FastPass+ (if you have a magic band).
This is my second experience with EPCOT and both times have been wholly memorable and enjoyable. I love the world showcase and all of the attractions. My mom and I decided that after leaving EPCOT you should get a special degree. It's just so informative. I learned about the past, I learned about the future. I learned how to better manage my money and what to do in case my house is on fire. I learned how to properly prepare for a storm and how to fight off aliens Captain EO style. I learned about dinosaurs, energy, food production and green living. We ate in France, China, Italy, America and Japan. We saw acrobats and tons of fireworks. We smiled all day. We hugged Daisy Duck. I can't recommend EPCOT more. Trust me, you'll be so happy you went. The day was one of complete happiness.
The 2-hour Segway tour around Epcot Center was one of the top vacation experiences my wife and I have ever had! The first hour of the tour is spent inside learning and practicing how to operate the Segways. The second hour is spent touring the World Showcase before it is open to the public. This experience is top notch and the tour guides/ instructors add that extra level of Disney magic to the tour. My parents purchased this tour for my wife and I as our Christmas present and I can honestly say it was one of the best presents ever! The primary reason for our visit to Epcot Center was to attend the Food and Wine Festival. The Festival is a great way to experience food and drink from a wide range of countries all in one location and in appetizer sized portions. The appetizer sized portions enabled us to sample new foods without having to purchase a full meal. My wife and I spent 3 days eating and drinking our way around the world! A few of our favorites were the samples from Argentina, Germany, and India. I would recommend purchasing a Disney Gift Card to use while sampling food from the different countries. The gift card allows you to swipe the card to pay for items without needing to pull out cash or credit cards for each country. The gift cards are refillable and very convenient.
This is one of the best attractions in all of Disney World! It's not really the rides that make this place special, but the atmosphere, the multiple doses of culture, and the extraordinary landscapping. If you're looking for variety in food, this is the place to come. When we were down for our vacation, we had the "hopper" pass, so we really ended up using Epoct as a night time hang out / dinner spot. The fireworks at night are pretty cool, and the general atmosphere at Epcot during the night is a cool vibe.
Epcot was always my favorite of the WDW theme parks, and after going thrugh the nightmarish stroller traffic of Magic Kingdom the place was positively deserted. (relatively speaking, of course) Me and my siblings tried to do the drinking 'round the world thing, but I had to bow out thanks to an upper respiratory infection.
It's a giant alcohol stand that you pay at least $85 to enter.  Save the cash for mk or universal
Captain EO!!! Enough said. You must come here during the Food and WIne festival and bring your stretchy pants and comfy shoes and a designated driver if you are not staying on Disney property. You have been warned. :)
EPCOT is my least favorite Disney park, but that doesn't mean I dislike it. I really only like the two big rides (Test Track and Soarin'), but I dislike the Test Track reboot. I LOVE the World Showcase though. I could spend a whole day there.
This place is awesome if you are in Disney with a child.  They have multiple changing tables and is a good place to go to get out of the weather.  They sell baby products here also, they are not cheap but if you forgot something they will probably have it.  There is also a water cooler you can use.  They have them in all the parks but the Epcot one is the best.
Drink & Eat around the world! Here was my tour: We didn't get to epcot till 345pm so it was a race to get to the end by fireworks at 9pm. Step 1.  Iced coffee at a stand in future world , gotta fuel up before the trip. Step 2. Pick up a Mickey passport at the gift shop, I will need stamps to show my progress and besides my real passport just expired. Step 3. pick a direction and try and get to the otherside before the park closes. Mexico : get a mezcal margarita ( hold the triple sec) and take a picture wearing a sombrero.   Norway : get a carlsberg in a souvenir mug , pose with a troll / gnome.  Btw, is that a Danish beer ? Oh well. Details. China : getting hungry..... Spring rolls , scallion pancake with chicken , tsing doa. Take a picture wearing a conical hat. Outpost : what country is this ?!? Ok ,skip. Florida (?!?): local brews , 3 ounce pours. We stopped at some flower stand , had a blueberry beer and shared some kumquat pie. Germany : first bathroom break then a double stop. Wine tasting with a soft pretzel followed by some curried bratwurst and one of my fav drinks of the day , a grapefruit beer. Schoefferhoffer Heiffewiessen. Say that 3 times fast. Italy : limoncello shots , picture with some fountain America: 2 words - Turkey Legs. Also a good place for your second bathroom break. Japan : Frozen Beer , edamame , picture in the gardens Morocco : our annual card holder guides for the day want to try the new tapas place , enjoyed an almond drink. France : frozen grey goose martinis England : pint of guiness at rose and crown Canada: sprinted into the bear cave to get my final stamp before the fireworks , didn't get a drink , didn't need one. Step 4. Enjoy the fireworks
It's got a funny name, but it's full of fun and surprises. It does all have an educational focus, but it's fun to learn. And I totally love the world showcase. You can have lunch in Mexico, then go pilot a shuttle to Mars, stop for drinks and a snack in France, go design and ride your own roller coaster, and then head to Japan for dinner. EPCOT is chock full of cool rides, restaurants, and shopping. You can literally drink around the world! It sum, it's awesome! Hint: Go for the park hopper pass so you can drink and eat around the world over a couple of days.
I was warned by a few friends that Epcot would not be worth a visit... but I had to see it for myself.  I actually visited twice within two nights and was really surprised.  There were tons of people but lines were not long for attractions or eateries.  The first night was amazing.  We were shuttled to the park via the back entrance, since we were part of a wedding party.  They provided VIP Access for their catered dessert while viewing their nightly firework extravaganza... it was well worth it.  To top it off we were served their world famous fish and chips, this too was amazing.  I would definitely come back to Epcot if I'm in the area.  My wife enjoyed it, and she is really picky...
Hey, look, booze!! Anyways, to simplify things, Epcot is half-Tomorrowland and half a bunch of countries with stores and food places inspired by those countries. There are not too many rides but Test Track alone is amazing. I mean, really, this is a place where you can get frozen margaritas, Moroccan fez hats, Hello Kitty stuff, rugby balls, and German boot glasses all in the same place and then go on a ride that flies over California. Definitely does not suck.
One part rides, one part you are transformed to other countries! Faves:  Design and RIDE your very own rollercoaster in Innovations. COOL!  Nemo!  Soarin', Fast Trak (I wish you went a TAD faster) big turkey legs that you can have at other parks too! Drink around the world!  Beer in England, Wine Flights in France (picked up a tong of cute wine swag), Limoncello and YUMMY red wine flight in Italy, Sake Sampler in Japan, Beer and Beer garden in German (did somebody say Jager?), Margaritas and Beers in Mexico, etc. Great fun for the adults and not to mention, I was extremely jealous of the large groups of family outings/fun people who made their own "Drinking around the world in Epcot 2013 t-shirts".  You can find other food, candy, merchandise that you probably can't find at home or elsewhere and even the staff of each country is authentic.  Natives working and representing their Epcot country, they're the REAL DEAL!
I found this place REALLY boring. There should be a bridge across the lake, instead of having to walk ALL the way around.
How does EPCOT not have 5 stars? EPCOT, formerly known as Epcot Center, is my family's favorite park! We absolutely love everything about it. The best rides (Test Track, Mission Space, Spaceship Earth, Soarin, Figment, Living with the Land), the best food (Sunshine Seasons, Le Cellier, Teppan Edo, Les Chefs de France), just the best place around! So relaxing, from the moment you enter at Rope Drop until the moment the final fireworks explode during Illuminations. We prefer EPCOT to Magic Kingdom.
I LOVE going to the theme parks in Orlando.  I'm like a big kid every time I go, it's magical.  Now Epcot has become kind of a tradition for us (my cousins and I).  Every October they have the WIne & Food Festival, and for the past couple of years we've gone.  When the festival is running, the World Showcase has more contry pavillions, than usual, to offer their traditional wines and food.  For a  couple of $$ you get to try a little bit of everything "around the world".  Now pace yourself so you can enjoy it... Really recommend attending the festival, we always have a great time - walking around, learning about wine @ some of the free seminars, and learning a little bit about the contries.  I remember one year there was Africa, on top of their traditional food, they also had people doing their traditional dance.  It was so much fun to watch and they were all so nice, we spent a part of our day just talking with them.   Same thing happend another year at Australia.  They were offering a free wine tasting, the people were so friendly and helpful we ended talking with them more after the tasting was over. You need to go and get pastries at France, eat shushi in Japan, have a margarita in Mexico and/or a beer in Germany.   At the World Showcase you can't go wrong, and do stay 'til the park closses to enjoy "illuminations", the best fireworks show. In addition to the festival, there is of course the usual atractions like Race Track - love this one!!!, Soaring, Space Ship Earth, etc. I can say million more things but it's one of those things you'll have to experience yourself, make it your own, and build the memories.
I'm going to Walt Disney World! I believe every Disney park has it's own charm and magic. For me, nothing ever compares to the Magic Kingdom. Even as a grown man who has served in combat and is covered in tattoos, there is something magical and enjoyable about entering that place, and seeing the looks on children gives me hope for the future that we will be alright. I recently also enjoyed an outing to Animal Kingdom, but was a bit weary of EPCOT. I remember visiting as a child, probably 25 years ago, and I remember there weren't many rides, and although it was cool to visit the foreign lands, it never held up to the other parks. On a recent weekend, my girl and I decided to hit up EPCOT and Drink Around the World for my birthday. Since the countries are located in the rear of the park, we decided to hit up some rides first to get them out of the way, and spend the remainder of the night drinking. This place had changed drastically since I was hear last as a kid. The rides now are numerous and FUN. Test track and Mission to Mars are right next to each other, and offer up lots of thrills for kids and adults, both definite must dos. The world of energy dinosaur ride is also great. On the other side- Soarin' is a GREAT fun ride, and the Nemo ride is also great for kids, although I enjoyed the aquarium after the ride much more- you can check out sharks, turtles, dolphins, fish, and tons of other sea life all in a cool, air-conditioned environment, which will teach and entertain. Of course you can't forget about the great Spaceship Earth inside the huge dome. That will always be a classic, and I truly enjoyed it. Also a great innovation at this park- there is a place where all the characters are available for pictures and autographs inside an air-conditioned building. It's about a 30 minute wait, but for a chance for your kids to meet Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Donald, and more all in the A/C, all in one place? Priceless. The other parks don't have that! Also they post schedules in countries where you can meet other Disney characters- I saw Mary Poppins in England, and Aladdin and Jasmine in Morocco. Once done with the rides, we decided to drink around the world and check out the various countries- be sure to check out different shows and entertainment in different venues. A great show with French bakers in France, the drummers in Japan, the dragons in China, the fife and drum corps in America, and more! Drinking around the world means stopping to have one drink in every country around the lake, and one in the Outpost, if you really want to consider yourself a pro. I enjoyed a Moosehead beer in Canada, a Carlsberg in Norway, and Sam Adams in America. I highly recommend stopping into the British Pub for a pint and maybe some fish 'n chips (I had a Harp), MOST DEFINITELY stop into the La Cava del Tequila inside Mexico for some AMAZING Margaritas (I had a pineapple), and for the love of God, do yourself a favor and have a Grand Marnier Orange Slush in France. Even if you're not drinking around the world, have one of these babies, they are AMAZING, especially on a FL summer afternoon. My girl and I ended up doing all the countries, I believe 11 drinks in about 6 hours.... needless to say, we did not end up doing the outpost or staying for the fireworks, as we were more focused on staying upright and getting back to our hotel. Either way, EPCOT is a blast! MUCH more fun that I remember as a kid. I had a great time here, and recommend it for anyone, adults or kids. Adults will love the availability of booze and fun thrill rides, and the kids will love the characters and fun kid rides, plus seeing the foreign lands. Definitely get yourself a park hopper and hit up every Disney park at least once!
Wasn't impressed park needs updated, great to say I've been but hard to believe Disney is associated with this park. Won't be back unless serious updates are made.
My lord. Epcot Center. I haven't been here since I was 5 years old. Yesterday I had the privelage of going again. Although I'm 25, I still had the time of my life. Bring your sneakers boys and girls cause you're going to do quite some walking. I'd say to make it worthwhile, invest on the Fast Pass cause the lines can get pretty insane. Now I won't elaborate on every single ride because there are tons of reviews that already do so. Epcot will probably take you 8-10 hours to go through, so prepare yourself to spend your whole day there. Just know its 100% worth your time.
We did not do any of the thrill rides so my 3 star review does not include those attractions.  As for the non-thrill ride attractions, I honestly felt EPCOT was quite dated.  When I visited EPCOT back in the 1970's and 1980's, it was cool to experience how the future might be.  But now, those same exhibits are more like 'No big deal.  This is our lifestyle now."  Be prepared to do a ton of walking.  More walking at this venue than at the Magic Kingdom or the Disney Hollywood Studios.
I really wanted to like Epcot.... Like, I REALLY wish I had a magical time. Unfortunately, Epcot is going through an awkward pre-teen phase. When I first visited Epcot in 1998, it was a magical place that inspired me and gave me insight into the 'world of the future'. Now, Epcot is outdated, bland, and underwhelming. I truly feel that today's technology is moving too fast, thus leaving Epcot in the past. The monorails, 'Captain EO' video (Michael Jackson movie in the 80's), Imagination with Figment, etc are just outdated and boring. I think they are attempting to make Epcot a 'retro' park, but all that seems to be happening is bored children and disinterested adults. Originally, I was looking forward to traveling the world, but all the countries were cookie cutter versions of each other, with little educational value and crappy food. Hell, the liquor options even sucked! Honestly, the whole experience was just a little sad. What's even more sad is we spent close to $400 between tickets and food. Womp. Do yourself a favor and take your fam to another park!
One of my favorite parks in the Resort with many hidden attraction that are overlooked by visitors. Hidden gems: *There's an aquarium upstairs in "The Seas" go check it out. There are sharks, manatees, and lots of Nemos! :D *Garden Grill in the Land is an extremely popular character dinning. Rating on yelp seem extremely favorable and it's pretty affordable too! I wished that I was able to get a reservation, so if you can get a dinner reservation, get it! *The American Adventure in "America" is actually a pretty awesome animatronic show. I thought it was going to cheesy, but I was pleasantly surprised.     Recommendations *I would dedicate at least two days for this park because it's enormous. Do one half of the world showcase on one day and the other on another day. *The Behind the Seeds Tour if pretty awesome (located behind the Soarin frontdesk).  Although there is a fee $16.00 Guests ages 10+, $12.00 Guests ages 3-9, it was definitely worthwhile. You get to release lady-bugs, feed fish, and get a closer look at the garden *Captain EO is BACK! Go check it out, it's located next to the Figment ride. *Three most popular rides are (in order): Soarin', Test Track, and Mission to Mars. (Though personally I didn't think much of Test Track since I actually drive that fast on the 405) So select your fast-pass destinations wisely!   How to maximize your day at Epcot :) 1. Get to the park at least 15 minutes before it opens (9am is the usual time). They will let you in but not far enough to go to any of the popular rides, but you will have a leg-up before everyone else at the gate! 2. Skip the Spaceship Earth ride, you should go on it in the afternoon when most of the visitors are in the World Showcase area. 3.  I would run to Soarin, get a fast-pass then ride it right away so that you can ride it at least twice :) (yes, it's that fabulous) Enjoy this wonderful park! :D
One of my favorit parks in Disney World but they should really add another country to the line up about now.
Oh my god.  Never again. We made it halfway through the "countries" before we gave up and dragged our miserable butts home.  What a waste of $400.  This place is seriously outdated.  I doubt they've updated it since 1982.  The boat ride in "Mexico" is the worst thing I've seen in a very long time.  These countries don't offer an authentic experience of foreign cultures.  They offer an American version of a culture as presented by early 80's Disney. The food is terrible, the shops are overpriced crap, and the boat rides are ridiculous.... and that is literally all there is to do in the "countries."  Maybe there are redeeming characteristics elsewhere, but I highly doubt that it would be enough to salvage more than 1 star.
Out of all Disney's parks, I have been to this one the most and enjoy all that this one has to offer. I'm fortunate to have been able to visit Epcot numerous times. Company trips, family trips and trips with friends. Last time I was there, it was with the entire family. Lots of personalities traveling around together. Whew! We managed to break up into smaller groups and go off and do our own things. We met up to go on Soarin and Test Trac altogether thanks to the wonders of the fast pass which I highly recommend. Soarin was probably the highlight. Everyone agreed that was their favorite and worth the small wait even with the fast pass. Test Trac was alright until the end, when the person next to me almost heaved all over me from getting jerked around the trac. The world showcase is always fun and a nice walk if its not too crowded. When we were there, it was horribly packed and hard to move around, but we managed to make our way around stopping at a really good place for Chinese. The wait in Disney's version of Mexico was way too long. The park is absolutely pristine. The illuminations parade at the end of the night is worth seeing if you have enough energy to wait around for it. I love arriving early and doing all of the super popular rides before the masses hit. This park has something for everyone. Great gift shop right by Test Trac that is packed full of Disney stuff for the kiddos or to add to the pile of things that will eventually get donated.
EPCOT rocks. They always have different events going on like the Flower and Garden Festival, Food and Wine, Summer Concert Series, etc. We love going to Innoventions too.  Great restaurants and lots to do!
Epcot was a very good kingdom to goto to learn about all types of countries and be imaginative towards the future. Must rides are: dinosaur, mission space, test track, and spaceship earth. Half of the park you walk around and explore different cultures and countries, as the other half is very innovative and futuristic. Overall a very fun experience altogether
I dunno how but a switch flipped in my brain when I reached adulthood, suddenly I wanted culture in a theme park.  Doesn't sound possible eh? Epcot, is a great place to get a little bit of that culture without having to travel anywhere.  I love how they can serve up some culture and still manage to make it fun as well.  Some locations in the World Showcase are better than others.  I try not to play favorites, but they really won me over with China, Japan, and Morocco.  Mitsukoshi in Japan is a regular stop, for food, snacks, sake, books, incense and otherwise.  Just a really cool place. Never been to the Food & Wine special,  but very tempted to go.  Sometimes events like that can turn into an episode of "drunks behaving badly", hmm. All in all, a great place to get some culture and still make it fun for the kids.
Epcot is the best. Definitely one of my favorite Disney parks. Where else can you go on rides, learn new things, and drink around the world?! They have some really cool attractions like, test track and mission space. I recommend you stop in England and have a pint with some fish and chips! If you haven't been to Epcot you need to go ASAP!
I've got to say it. I've been twice and I just don't get the adulation showered on EPCOT. Noisy, crowded and looking seriously, seriously dated. The first time I went was nine years ago with the kids. This time I came as a chaperone for my youngest son's band trip. And, guess what? Everything was exactly the same. The rides, the exhibits, the films, you name it. As a result, everything had a tired and frayed look to it. Which leads me to ask those who return year after year: What is the attraction? I mean, goldfish swim from one end of a fish tank to the other, having forgotten where they've been by the time they return. Are you guys suffering from the same issue? The food is not very good even by fast food standards (Except the German exhibit. I'll give you that), certainly not worth what you pay for it. The merchandise is cheap. And the experience is just essentially that of slogging around a lagoon rimmed with souvenir shops, a three-hundred-acre device for extracting money from tourists. Hey, it wasn't even particularly clean this time around. Really. Help me understand the appeal. I just don't get it.
Epcot is by far is my favorite Disney Park. Even as a child I loved Epcot. I think a part of it is that I am not a huge roller coaster person, and I loved learning, so this is the perfect place for me. As an adult, the most exciting part of Epcot is the world showcase. I have often wondered what is a strategy for choosing the particular countries that are featured. I seriously need to return in order to experience the park in its entirety. if I were to change a few things, it would be to have more power outlets available for guests. People have various types of technology to document their experiences. Cameras, camcorders, and smart phones need to be recharged at some point. It was very frustrating that I could not find outlets available for recharging at any of the Disney parks. It seems so much to absorb, honestly. What I do like about the world showcase is being costumes, as well as the cast members who are from the different countries featured. Just writing about this place makes me want to go back really soon!
I love the Epcot center, although we visited during the Food and Wine festival which makes me question how fun is this place without it? Travelling from country to country and tasting its cuisine was exciting even when the food was not exotic wine tasting in Australia was great! We didn't get on any rides, but kept busy ALL day visiting countries! We loved it here so much that after we went to The Animal Kingdom, we returned!
Epcot is a great time for a family adventure. I personally love the new Tesla test track ride. Especially when I get to ride it with my 5 year old daughter who squeals, yells and howls the whole time. I am also particularly fond of soaring over California and the freaky little troll ride in Norway was also an unexpected shot of adrenaline. Now if you're looking for great rides aside from those three there really aren't any but If you can appreciate really nice replica cultures and landscaping. Then you've got yourself a whole day of adventure. Although I personally would prefer The Magic Kingdom over Epcot it is definitely worth checking out sometime.
Many people might disagree with me but Epcot is my least favorite of all the parks in Disney World.  While it is cool to see different buildings and food representing each country, I find this place lacking exciting rides and shows.  But if you like to drink alcohol, this is the place for you!   Soarin' is a cool ride but expect to wait in line for a while.  This is the most popular attraction in Epcot.  I like the idea of Test Track.  It would be nicer if it is a little longer...once it hits the fast track, the ride is over.  Gran Fiesta in Mexico Pavilion and the American Adventure are quite boring. There are a few perks of Epcot: International Flower and Garden Festival in spring and International Food and Wine Festival in fall.  I would recommend you to go when either one of them is going on.  You will be less likely to get bored.
EPCOT is so much cooler now that I can legally drink and eat around the world! Such a neat afternoon activity! Enjoy!
Not only you can have fun here, but you can learn a lot here too! Most of the rides here are slow and relaxing, and it's aided with audio-type narration. The lines for those rides are not so bad. Soarin and Test Track (super fast ride, aided with some narration), which are awesome, have really long lines. With that being said, FastPass these rides when you can. Overall, a great experience. Cheers! :)
It's been 15 years since I'd gone to Epcot and I really didn't remember anything about this park until I decided to take my teenage sister to the happiest place on earth. I purchased a 4-day magic your way ticket so we could hit all the parks that Disney World had to offer. We decided to hit up Epcot on the first day of our WDW adventure! And frankly, we were pretty disappointed. The place was a little too "educational" for a theme park. I was pretty bored the whole time. They only had a couple of attractions that I enjoyed when I was at the park. But the rest of the parks, they were mostly shows, gift shops, and restaurants! I mean, holy crap, could you they not have any more restaurants in this park? I didn't plan a crap load of money to get inside a park only to shop and eat!  Yeah, it's cool they had different cuisines from different countries. But they're still theme park food and not yelp-worthy! "Mission Space" was a pretty cool ride though. I didn't expect to feel any g-force riding a simulation ride, but the launch simulation was pretty cool. "The sum of all thrills" looked pretty fun, but it wasn't anything special for me. I didn't get the chance to ride "Soarin'" because I didn't understand the concept of fast pass yet and by the time we decided to jump on this, the wait was approximately 120 minutes long. We were tired and we just wanted to go home. I guess it helped that this park actually offered alcoholic beverages, but I was with my teenage sister and so I couldn't really drink. I'm trying to set a good example, ya know? Anyway, will I be back to Epcot? Maybe in another 15 years after I've forgotten my current experience with Epcot. And I'm definitely going to be drinking then!!
Epcot is the most old skool of the 4 Disney parks. However, I just love the world showcase! There, you can sample a bit of the food and hospitality from all over the world - as the workers in each "country" are genuinely from their mother lands. Also, the Nemo stage show is fantastic so don't miss it!
Great park for adults and those into international cuisine. The different countries are pretty authentic for an amusement park. Found some candies from japan and mexico that are hard to find anywhere else. The scenery was beautiful.
This place peaked back in 1986. The new ride soarin is not worth the 70 min wait and test track is just one big commercial for Chevy. The world showcase is the nice but only good for eating, drinking, and shopping
The fireworks suck (bang and they're over) but the world showcase is grand. Unfortunately if you want any chance in hell of dining there, you need reservations. Honestly I don't think they should take reservations, you pay $90 bucks for a ticket and get stuck eating at the British pub or a food cart because everything else has been reserved for days or weeks. Lame.
It's the best theme park at Disney for adults. Really something for everyone. Some people make the mistake and only going 1 time on a trip or spending a long day there- best to only spend 3 or 4 hours there and do something else - either Boardwalk or Downtown Disney. Also make a dining Reservation please! Try some food you wound't normally eat!
Loved! Epcot is such a great place.  You don't feel cramped and shoulder to shoulder with fellow tourists.  You do need at least 2 days here.  I can see why kids may not enjoy or appreciate this park.  But, we LOVED it! This is what we did: 1. Test Track - Definitely use Fastpass. Such an fast awesome ride. My hair was a friggin mess after it was over.  If you used your Fastpass on Soarin, then I would suggest riding as a single.  The line is a lot faster and who cares if you are riding separate from your party. 2. Mission Space- Go for the Orange, more intense.  The Green (less intense) is snore city. 3. Soarin - Very pleasant and positive ride.  Makes people want to visit California.  Do come, Arnold and Villa-retardo fucked this place up. 4. Rose & Garden Pub - great Fish n Chips, great beers on tap and a huge selection of single malt Scotch. 5. Bier Line in Germany Our time was limited here so hubs wants to come back and drink around the world.   Oh one thing, some of the bathrooms are not equipped with toilet seat covers.  I am guessing perhaps it is so humid that it sticks to your ass or germs are no biggie in Orlando. Oh well. Until next time...
Its Disney Epcot of course its a 5 star. . If u complain bout the price of food.. well of course its pricey.. Its Disney lol... not one thing I don't like here
Food and drink from all over the world! Test Drive is a very cool ride that let's you configure your car and test it out on a test track. They were having a topiary display with over one hundred fabulous tree and flower creations. Day ended with a beautiful fireworks display.
There are seven major theme parks in Orlando -- Magic Kingdom, Epcot, Animal Kingdom, Hollywood Studios, Sea World, Islands of Adventure, and Universal Studios Orlando. Epcot is my favorite.  It's not for the thrill-seekers, but it's quite an awesome adventure.  Epcot (Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow) is two parks in one.  First you enter Future World, then move on to the World Showcase.  It's fabulous.  Get a smell of the wonderful perfumes of France (don't miss the movie; it is awesome, featuring the wonderful castles and beauty of the French countryside, and PARIS).  Go to Germany, China, Mexico, North Africa, Japan, China and so much more.  It's a wonderful place to visit, especially if you are there during the Flower and Garden Show in the spring, or the Food and Wine Festival in the fall.
After not visiting the Mouse in years I traveled back to Epcot and the world according to the Mouse. Everything about Disney is spending money first, entertainment second and spending more money third. That being said there is nothing like Disney, their attention to detail, beautiful grounds and well trained staff. The happiest place on earth. Now a gripe, Disney had NO made in America products...why?? Trying to ask the Mouse why is impossible. So I ask anyone reading this to ask for American made products when you visit. If enough of us do it maybe one day they will offer made in America products. Great place VERY expensive and no American made products gave Disney a 3 star rating from me. Bring your own food for a family or those trying to save money. The food is too expensive for what you get. I saw many people picnicking and this to me is the best way to avoid over priced food.
I always have to come to France for escargots. That is my favorite restaurant here in Epcot. Japan is another place I like.  Whatever type of food you like just go to the countries
You cannot explain Epcot.  However, unlike Magic Kingdom, it's not about the "rides".  For our family, it's about the food. Eat & Drink yourself around the World Showcase during the Food & Wine festival and you'll see what I mean. And if you skip Illuminations, you're not allowed to review!
Epcot needs to get it together. It's almost 2014 but Epcot remains stuck in 1985. Seriously, if there is a Disney C.E.O. reading this please close for an overhaul and step into the 21st century. Oh and pressure clean the top of the Epcot ball cuz, damn that thing is dirty!  It's gonna take more than some 3D screens to grab my attention anymore. My grandma has a better Samsung 3D TV in her living room than Epcot has for Michael Jackson's Captain EO show.  Yes people you heard me right they are still playing captain EO. That show is 30 years old! The kids in 2014 don't even know who Michael Jackson is. Ellen DeGeneres energy adventures is another show that can be bulldozed while closed for the grand overhaul Mr. Disney C.E.O.  It was 37 minutes long and that was 37 minutes that I was able to take a nap for, so thank you for letting me catch up on some much needed rest.  It is old and out dated CLOSE and REDO! Mission space staring Gary Sinise is a torture ride to Mars on a space shuttle. This attraction desperately needs to disappear on Earth for being so damn old.  There is a section in Epcot named future world. Hopefully in the future of future world a bomb will be dropped on it for being so damn unfuturistic. They might as well rename it to past world and stop lying to everyone.  What a rip off. Please who ever is reading this skip Epcot for you Disney vacation, you will thank me later.
My favorite of the Disney parks. This is the park you do not look weird at if you go to without children.  There were ten of us all over the age of 24 and we had a blast.  Forget the rides, forget the front area of the park, and spend your day eating and drinking your way around the world. Italy had amazing pasta, Mexico has fantastic tequila drinks, London has a great pub, the only two countries we really skipped was Norway and Canada (nothing there appealed to us). Of course we did the rides and if you go in January or February before President's Day the fast passes are not necessary.  We ended up not even using one of ours, since wait times were so short.  The only one that was worth it was for Soarin, which is a fantastic ride. This is a park I want to revisit just to eat and drink again.
Nice park... don't know if I'd plan a whole day around it but if you can jump between this and say Animal Kingdom or Hollywood Studios then you'll make the most of your time. Test Track was the most fun I've had on a ride in a long time... I hope they bring that over to Anaheim at some point.  The Finding Nemo ride has dolphins?!  Didn't see that coming. The most unintentional fun I had was on the Norway ride... it's so bizarre.  There are gnomes and snow monsters and witches... and then there's a small drop and all of a sudden you're in present day industrial Norway and it's dark and and there's lightning but I'm not sure if it's supposed to scare you or what.  I laughed too loud and annoyed the people in front of me when my friend screamed "Aaahh!  Oil rig!!"
The fact that they charge the same price to get in here as Magic Kingdom is a crime however. The ticket being overpriced, and the fact that you have to spend another 100 in food and beverage to get the full enjoyment out of this place makes it my least favorite Disney park.  While certainly not cheap, it is fun to stop and have a snack and/or drink in every country.
EPCOT is what you make it. If you're only there for rides, it will be a short day. If you really take in the entire park, stopping at the various countries, it will be a full day affair. Being there for our honeymoon, we decided to do rides in the morning, and "drink around the world" in the afternoon. We basically had to rush through Canada to get to our Fastpass+ location for the fireworks at 8:30. That's how much stuff there is to do, if you really enjoy and stop at each country. Rides: The rides here are fun, even though there's not that many. For the thrill rides there is Mission:Space and TestTrack, and for the relaxing rides there is Ellens Energy Adventure (which is about 45 minutes long by the way), spaceship Earch (up inside the trademark EPCOT geodesic sphere), Figments Imagination ride, and Soarin'. Unfortunately we did not have time to wait in line for Soarin' (60+ minutes the entire day), but I've heard good things about it. Next time. World Showcase: Drinking around the world was the best decision we could have made. It allowed us to really stop and experience each country, and to try a signature drink at each. Margaritas in Mexico, Beer in Germany, Japan, USA and UK, shot of liquor in Norway, Grey Goose frozen drink in France, and an interesting chocolate/coffee/whiskey drink in China. Some were better than others (the Grey Goose drink in france was my favorite). There are a couple rides around the world, notable a short boat tour in Mexico (think small world but just for Mexico), and another boat ride in Norway, which is also very short. They're interesting, and worth doing if you have extra time. But If you're pressed for time, you can skip them without missing much. For food, we ate at the Rose and Crown pub in the England area. It was a great decision. Good was awesome, beer was good, and service was excellent. Wouldn't mind returning here in the future. The fireworks show is pretty good. We used our fastpass+ tier 1 selection for this show, and I felt it was worth it. You don't need to fight for a good spot; they reserve a central area just for fastpass. I do wish the various shops didn't close right when the fireworks show ends. We wanted to do some more souvenir shopping in Canada but they were closed by the time the show was over.
As a cast member I have to say we go to the parks a lot even though we work for Disney we are addicts! Epcot is my second favorite park behind Magic Kingdom! I love this park for the beauty, the idea, the architecture, and the world showcase. I know for most kids this one is not as exciting in comparison to magic kingdom or studios because there isn't as many rides but I think for adults this is a favorite! I love walking around the world show case and going through each country exploring the shops and seeing the shows plus I love the fact that there are cultural representatives who are actually from that country to tell you about their culture speak the language and whom actually are so informed. I think my favorite country is Japan the store there always seems to get me in trouble. I love the night time show illuminations I always live the globe. The rides here are not as exciting but I love space ship earth and living on the land, I plan to do the green house walking tour soon enough it just interests me so much even though I make a terrible gardener with my black thumb.
Please update and maintain Epcot.  The place just felt dirty.  The rides that used to be good are now terrible such as the one with Figment.  The Living Seas is dirty and does not look maintaned.  The tanks appeared dirty and unkept.  Most of the rides need to be updated without dumbing them down.  Stop ruining good rides!!
This is one of my least favorite theme parks. The major attractions are all a bit outdated now, they could use some remodeling. The World showcase part is timeless of course. They have some great places to eat, but they are usually filled up, requiring much advance planning. The food and wine festival is fun, but very expensive, you will spend close to $200.00 per person for a day.
My favorite Disney World park. This park is educational and fun!  Learn about the different countries and the future.   My favorite attraction is Spaceship Earth (the big silver ball thingy you see when you enter the park).  It's a relaxing ride after walking around the park all day.   Food choices are endless.  You have your typical theme park food but when you travel to the different countries you have a wide variety to choose from. Mission: SPACE is an intense attraction, so make sure you don't eat right before you go on this one lol
For the unthinking masses who like to walk and wait. One ride broke down while we were in it. Japanese restaurant better than OKAY. I give it a B+ Never again. Just right for those who are below nine or adults without brains.
Epcot: the place where dreams come to die. Seriously, the worst theme park I've ever been to. Absolutely ruined our vacation as well as drove us to drinking lots of watered down and overpriced alcohol. Unless you enjoy being run over by over-excited, sugar-high preschoolers and their uncaring parents, you won't like this park. The lines are absurdly long as parents force their screaming kids to sit in line for 4 hours waiting for a picture with a character, and then have no consideration for other park goers. The characters are ok at best. The food is expensive and sucks. Equivalent to Panda Express and Taco Cabana, but with Outback prices. Want a decent meal? Expect to drop $30 per person! Want to take one photo anywhere worthwhile? Plan on waiting an hour, because the crazed parents get there 4 hours before show to sit and wait, while the children run amok and cause chaos. If you have to go to Disney World, avoid Epcot. I wouldn't recommend Disney at all, but seriously, avoid Epcot.
3 stars is low, but IMO this is one of the better theme parks in the area. The best things were: 1) Soarin' (I could spend hours on this ride), and 2)   Turtle Talk with Crush, a brilliant, interactive Q&A session with a computer animated character from Finding Nemo. What I dislike the most about all of Disney is ... 1. Crappy, processed, unhealthy food. There's no fresh, whole food *anywhere* on Disney properties. No wonder everyone is obese! 2. t's a sad joke that so many  Epcot rides & shows emphasize the importance of caring for the environment. There's virtually no recycling initiatives, and zero effort is made to reduce the human impact on the environment. Disney creates SO much waste and pollution!!
Simply the Best!!!! It might not have as many thrill rides as other parks however it makes up for it in other areas. Take your time walking around world showcase!!! Go  Slow there is something to see eat or drink around every corner.  I suggest getting there at rope drop running towards Test Track then heading towards Soarin. Hopefully you will be able to have a minimal wait which will help you kill time before you can go on test track.  Remember go slow take your time stop and smell the roses. Disney parks were not meant to be spent running from attraction to attraction.
Over the years, Epcot has been our consistent favorite.  We even did the Leave a Legacy pic thing years ago, so our smiling faces should be on a wall somewhere. (we did find it one year, but haven't taken the time to do so recently).  Favorite part of this park is definitely World Showcase.  World Showcase is for those of us who love to explore diversity and experience different cultures.  It's for those of us who would yes, much rather hop on an airplane or take a world cruise, but Epcot is more in our price range.  There might be only two rides in all of World Showcase, and to thrill-seekers they are  uneventful, but they are must-do's for us every time.  Mexico's ride is just relaxing, cute, and a way to cool off if it's a hot day. Norway's Maelstrom is short and sweet, in a dark way...hah!  That being said, neither is worth standing in a long line for a long period of time.  Move on and come back if need be. Go walk around, or have a drink...speaking of which...  Drinking around the world is even better than ever now that Tutto Gusto and La Cava del Tequila exist!  Wine lovers should not miss a wine flight at Tutto Gusto, and Tequila lovers MUST make La Cava a stop.  World Showcase is paradise for foodies.  My personal favorite is Via Napoli for the best pizza I've ever had.  Husband's fave is the filet at Le Cellier.  Time dinner at Le Cellier right and you'll be walking out in time for a prime viewing area for Illuminations.  I cannot experience Illuminations without weeping with emotion.  (she says unashamed).  As for Future World...Soaring is a must!  Spaceship Earth is a must!  But again, nothing is worth standing in line forever for.  Use fast passes.  Or move on and come back as needed.  The last time we were here this January, when we entered the park, Spaceship Earth had a five minute wait so we hopped on. Later we saw people standing in a line that said 40 minutes.  Really?  Just say no, and come back!    My greatest wish for Epcot would be more countries to experience. Not much has changed over the years.  Every one that is there is awesome, but how great would it be to have even more?  Kudos to Italy by the way, for expanding their area in the recent past.  I'd be even more happy if Italy would put in a hotel or apartment complex so I could move in.  :)
Epcot has always been cool. If you can't afford to go to all the countries they highlight yet, it's a good place to see Mexico, Italy, Germany, Morocco, etc all at once. Like a smaller sized version of Vegas. It doesn't really have many rides, more for the shopping, eating, cultural experience. We went on some pretty lame water ride in Norway, it wasn't like Splash Mountain or anything. It did cost adults $75 including tax to get in. It was freaking hot and humid last week though. The best ride was this one called "Soarin'", make sure you have a fast pass. The only main gripe is that once you buy your ticket, you have to put your index finger on this scanner while you pass your park ticket through a machine or else you can't get into the park. There's no sign explanation of why they need your fingerprint which reminds me of big brother stuff. not cool Disney.
This is an incredible place. All of the different country's representations and shows are amazing.  The food is phenomenal, you can sample all the different styles or simply choose a restaurant and stay for a nice sit-down dinner!  I love this place
Epcot is one of my favorite Disney parks ever. I'm from California so I've been to Disneyland and California Adventure a few dozen times. We don't have Epcot or Animal Kingdom and they are the jewels of Disney World. We rode Mission Space (warning, this is just like the vomit comet that astronauts train in) I was green in the face for a good hour afterwards hahah! Mission: Earth was fun, in the Innoventions area there's a ride that you create your own rollercoaster and that was awesome. Then the best ride of them all is Test Track. Lots of fun! But the getter is the World Showcase. OMG! We had a great time walking through each country, buying local products, and eating great food! They serve wine and beer in the appropriate areas. So in Germany you HAVE to have a pretzel and brat. They are sooo good. The Mickey Mouse pretzels don't compare. We ate at Le Chef de France in the France Pavillion, nice bakery there too. Tokyo Dining in Japan with lots of shopping, then had a Norwegian pastry in Norway. The Maelstrom in Norway take you on a Viking ship. Canada was really cool, as you make your way to the circle vision theater there's some really cool waterfalls and facades. So tempted to buy some moose related goods in the store! There's a very popular fish and chips place and pub in the UK area. Also a restroom is located there. We ended up having a Pasta Party dinner for our Disneyworld Marathon Weekend at a facility next to the UK and it was really neat to see. We really enjoyed the entire park, I would spend more time in the World Showcase and perhaps check out a few more attractions that we missed such as Nemo and a few others.
I love love LOVE Epcot! Especially during the International Food & Wine Festival! This is really a park that you only learn to fully appreciate as an adult. Don't get me wrong, it's got stuff for kids too. (I have always loved the boat ride in Norway, particularly when there's the thrill of it almost falling during the back wards part) But really, Epcot is a place for an adult to enjoy Disney while fully inebriated. In fact, I think they should make it 21+ over only like Cinebistro. All the little ones can stick to Magic Kingdom. They also have some great restaurants in the World Showcase, although I don't get to take advantage of them during the Festival because I'm so engorged from the International cuisine at the kiosks around the park. If you go to the Festival make sure to check out the frozen caipirinha at the Brasil kiosk, the spicy tuna roll in Japan and the cheddar cheese soup in Canada. Those are MUSTS!
Future World isn't terribly exciting, but World Showcase is a fave. So many things to see and hear and eat . And, should be be so interested, EPCOT (both halves) is a great place to meet a lot of the Disney characters and get photos and autographs.
Love coming here for the different fests like garden and food n wine!!!! We secured tickets to the Flower and Garden Festival from a friend for our first anniversary. It was rather last minute, but living in town makes things like that easy! We had a blast. Parked at one of the resort hotels and just took the shuttle bus over to the gates. The lines were rather long, but because the time of year and amazing weather, we expected that. Upon entering the park, we just casually strolled. We were here for the food/drink, not really the rides or other shows. So, I can't say much to those (though, from past experiences, I've always liked them). The food was good, what we had. They didn't have much for my wife. She's a vegan with other allergies, so it's always hard to find stuff for her. She was able to get a cool watermelon salad, minus feta, from the location sporting local, florida beers and food. My favorite was probably the smokehouse location, where they had amazing collard greens and beef brisket. I did stop in Germany for a brat. Not a big fan honestly. Guess I don't like German food. Ended the day with a stop for dessert in Norway. I really loved the school bread, which was recommended by the staff person there. Big, but not so heavy that you feel awful after eating it. Also, try the Viking Coffee! Get it iced, as it's now approaching summer. SO GOOD! Speaking of Norway..I forgot just how lame their "ride" is.
I went to Epcot for the first time.... and was amazed to find out that it wasn't just the big golf ball!  I know, I know, kinda silly of me to think that everything was IN that big silver ball... I loved Epcot because it had so much variety.  I love mission space, mission to mars made me almost physically sick but it was WAY cool, and I loved Fast Track (is that what it's called?) The nice thing about Epcot is that you can meander and enjoy your time.  I loved visiting the world showcase so I could eat things from different countries.  Even though it's not totally authentic, it's neat to be able to bounce around from country to country.  The fireworks show, called  "IllumiNATIONS" (get it??) was absolutely incredible.... Stay for it, get a good seat, and let it amaze you!
My favorite place to escape to. Hubby & I call it perfect land. When all of lives problems get to us we run here. We've been here over 20 times and discover something new everytime we go. We had made so many friends from all over the world here. we especially like going during the week as it's slower paced and you get to slow down and take in things. We met off work disney workers and gotten inside scoops on lots of things, have kept in touch with people from England, germany. It's so neat to drive a hour and a half away and run into people from around the globe that remember you from the last time! Also fun for bringing friends to drink around the world but bring a designated driver!
Awesome park to go to. It's HUGE and there's a lot of fun rides! I would suggest coming here more than a day.  Landscaping is beautiful and even though it's crowded, it's worth going to. But what Disney park is never crowded?
I wasn't too thrilled about going to Epcot, rather than Magic Kingdom [I'm a traditional-Disney-fangirl], but Epcot DOES have its perks. Mainly, the fact that the lines go by pretty quickly [my longest line was 30 minutes long... the rest were under 20], and lots of the attractions are indoors, which means air conditioning! I loved their 180/360-view shows [ie. China, France]; they make me want to travel! The futuristic area is really neat, too. I wasn't a fan of the "Mission: Space" ride, but I liked Test Track, and the one in the globe! If only school could make learning as fun as Disney can.. Oh, but Soarin' is DEFINITELY the best ride there. Made me miss home! I seriously could ride that ride all day (: (: (: My brothers&I hit every attraction in one day. Definitely doable, especially because the lines are definitely shorter than expected at a theme park! (:
I will admit, the rides here are few and far between. It is a learning experience here, though. I would like to go around and eat a a different country every night "around the world".
I love Epcot. This park is definitely suited for an older crowd, but I remember still having fun as a young kid when I'd go here with my family. There are plenty of places to explore and countries to see as well as amazing choices for food here. Epcot is a park you don't really see too often. Yeah, Disney is fun, and so is Universal Studios, but I basically have never seen any park like Epcot, well, ever. There are plenty of rides at the park and the Spaceship Earth ride is a total classic. Test Track is also at Epcot and it's pretty fun. Epcot has a pretty good food and wine festival every year that I've been dying to check out. Ultimately Epcot is pretty low-key, and I think that's what makes it so great.
Epcot is the adult playground at WDW. You can drink which is a major plus for EPCOT. The food here is great. La Hacenida is wonderful, Sommerfest, and Oktoberfest also wonderful. You have spaceship earth, mission earth, and the race track here to ride. I love walking through all the different cultural areas and sampling the food and drinks. Japan has a little musuem you can walk through and England had a great tea store and pub to grab a pint. If you only have time for one park and you don't have kids hit Epcot. They have the best firework show at night too.
I think this is the best place to Disney for people who love food. I ate my way around the world and had a blast doing it. My favorite was a coffee from Italian guys from Italy serving imported coffee from Italy best coffee ever. The rides were fun, although you need to do the speed pass, I hate to wait in lines. If you go don't eat before hand and have a little something from as many places around the world as you can stomach. I walked the world with a friend from work and we split a little something from everywhere and we were still full. It was a blast but for kids I would still suggest Magic Kingdom except for the princess tea that you can only do at Epcot.
This park is one of my faves because I like to experience the culture and food of other nations. And there is a little introduction to various countries throughout Epcot. About this trip: Japan: kiosk that sells skewered Candied Strawberries-WOW! They were so yummy. Think candied apple but more delicate. Foodcourt near Soarin has variety and a great sandwich. Marelstro: not worth flashpass or even standing in line- boring ride.
I use to dislike epcot when I was younger, however, as i've gotten older I have found it quite intriguing.  If you ever have a chance to run the disney 5k's or even half-marathons, this place is fun to run through :)   I think Epcot is my first fav of the four parks at Disneyworld. They keep things interesting by changing things often, everytime i come to disney (every 2-3 years) there is something different going on.  I do like the spaceship earth better than ever.
This is where we spent almost 5 of our 7-day WDW honeymoon. I am a Disneyphile to be sure, but having gone 33 years without visiting the Florida property was just criminal. EPCOT is a world's fair on steroids. It is a feast for the senses. October and April it is at its finest -- I highly recommend the Food and Wine Festival and the Flower and Garden Festival. Wish they'd renovate the tired old fireworks show, but for a tired old fireworks show, it's still pretty awesome!
As this was my first visit to Disney World, I was of course most excited about visiting Epcot. On our first day at the parks, we made this our first stop. Driving up and seeing Spaceship Earth grow larger as we approached was thrilling, I was giddy like a little kid. This park really has so much to offer. There are thrill rides, shows, educational sites and of course food. This is the park for foodies. We enjoyed all the options from around the world and tried to see as much as we could at each of the showcases. Some of my favorite things here are the Japan pavilion, the shops and food in this country were the best, Oh Canada in the  Canadian pavilion and Test Track. I can't wait to go back.
Its still a very nice park.  Its good that Disney renovates the rides ever so often to make sure that they are still safe and up to date. Wish they would do that to the world showcase.  People are able to travel more, watch more on tv via food and travel channels so they can see different cultures.  It would be great if the exhibits and world showcases were more up to date.  That was a bit more disappointing for me.  The food is the best here when compared to the other parks, but not by much.
Best amusement park in the world.  Lots to do.  Thrill rides, country exploration, fire works... what else can anyone want.  It's great to go on the exciting rides, eat at the different countries.
I am a park lover, I am more of a thrill rider though so I have to give this only 2 stars. Pretty much only three rides (imo) to ride and they are slow moving, my 80 year old gma would be able to ride them no problem. This park is more for the older crowd. They have a huge strip where there are different "countries" you can go to and see the mock building and try their native foods. This park is VERY expensive for what it has to offer. My hubby and I only have 1 day in orlando and I hate that we chose EPCOT. Univeral is so much better. The taperies are neat and it has a lot of cool picture shots but as far as being entertaining and FUN this is not the park.
Still have yet to make it to the Food & Wine Fest, but I have made it down for the Flower & Garden Festival they have each spring. To see sculptures of a multitude of Disney characters all over the park out of nothing more than bushes & flowers is quite impressive. We spent some time in Japan and ate in Marrakesh. The food was quite good and not super overpriced. My husband and I split the appetizer for two as our entree and were more than satisfied in our belly. However, our belly would not have been able to dance like the dancer they had for entertainment. She was quite talented. I'm starting to appreciate this park more & more with each visit. It does help that from time to time I have kids with me so I can see it through their eyes. Out of all the parks,  I would say this one has the better parking. MGM isn't bad & might come close depending on your time of arrival, but I have never been disappointed at EPCOT no matter what time I show up.
Epcot is fine.  It's clean and you can actually buy alcohol there if that is your thing.  Soarin' Over California is awesome but if you have done it in California you are good to go.  I had a good time but don't need to go back anytime soon.  Had much more fun at DisneyWorld
BEST PARK EVER. Why is this the best park ever? Because on one day I NERD the eff out at future world.  Soaring of California on a simple cantilever beam construct?  GENIUS.  Then I can walk next door and learn about agricultural science at living with the land.  THEN I can live out my dreams of being an astronaut... and a car engineer... and a roller coaster engineer.  I can travel the world and learn about the differences in taste buds at Club Cool.  We definitely spent the entire day there without being bored.   Then on the NEXT day, we traveled the world, shopping,  eating and drinking our way through culture at the world showcase.  We definitely did NOT have enough time to see everything in the world showcase.  This area is NOT good for kids.  Their two rides are not on the same plane of existence as future world.  The movies are 30 minute documentaries about the country, and the live shows do not have any seating.  This means a much more relaxing day, since you aren't jetting from one attraction to the next.   Illuminations is my favorite fireworks show in all the Disney Parks.  It is loud and in charge, being probably the closest you get to the fireworks going off.  It was very easy to view, with prime spots throughout the park.  At Magic Kingdom, if you have one jerk in the front standing up, they ruin it for everyone else.   Next time we come, we will be staying at an epcot resort instead of a magic kingdom resort (N00B mistake!)
This is my #1 favorite amusement park in the world.  The reason I only provided four stars instead of five is that it's a little consumer driven versus amusement driven, and I go into this a little further down. The combination of the world showcase and the spaceship earth area create tons to do and see. I just with that the landscaping would allow for a little more shade because on a sunny day, you're liable to bake as you walk around. When we visited it was the Wine and Food festival, and so there were little special kiosks installed throughout the world showcase featuring foods from some of the countries present and also, many that weren't in the showcase adding a lovely dimension to the entire experience. A lot of the specials involved adult libations, so some of the parents were a little too happy as they walked around with their large beverage containers and happy/rowdy kids. But it was all in fun. We actually didn't partake in any of the kiosks' offerings, but I was dying to try the Canadian ice wine, and several Greek and Carribean specialties. I was able to find water fountains as often as a I needed them on the day we visited, and I can't tell you how important it is to stay hydrated on a hot Florida day. I finally got to see Soar on this visit, and the waiting line group/team work on the large screens was almost as much fun as the ride itself. That is a GREAT idea, and Disney should implement this type of concept on a lot more rides. There should be some more amusements in each of the countries however, as mostly it was food and shopping focused--something that isn't as unique as it once was, now that imported goods are more readily available at shops near all consumers. For example, the Morocco area, there's nothing much to do except sit in the lovely courtyard or shop through the large bazaar. Please think about implementing some sort of amusement, perhaps Aladdin inspired, to give it a little oomph. I got to dine in the Rose and Crown pub for the first time, and had a blast. Our waitress was from Yorkshire and when my mom told her she had grown up in Brighton the carried on in their little hurried accents and had a fun time. The Twinings shop is AMAZING. Please build up on it. Had I known there was also a tea garden tour I would have totally gone on it. I'm a tea fiend. The test track car driving experience was closed for refurbishment/redesign, but otherwise everything was accounted for. This must have been the first year ever that I didn't go on the The Land boat ride, which is one of my all time favorites. Whenever I go into the Mexico pyramid, it feels like I'm really there. Even when I used to live in Mexico, it felt completely authentic. My uncle and I stopped to gawk at the glass making expert use a stationary blow torch to create delicate glass ornaments. She was working on a blue dolphin when we stopped in. Whatever you do, don't look straight into the flame or you'll see a bright  flash in front of your eyes for the next half hour hahaha I really loved the Spaceship earth, with Dame Judy Dench's voiceover and the little updates that have been made throughout the years. I thin animatronics are a great amusement that Disney has really done great things with. The entire park is 99% immaculate. There is no place in the world that's this well maintained. This is the Disney standard.
Out of all the places that Disney World had to offer, this would have to be my favorite and it probably is among adults.  All the other parks are kid oriented, but this place is like traveling the world.  Each part of the park is split up into different countries, has it's owns unique building structures, stores, and places to eat.  After I left I felt like I had just traveled the world, as each person working as to be originated from that country.  At night the water show and fireworks show is great.  This park is catered towards adults!
EPCOT is hands down my favorite park at Walt Disney World.  Though my kiddo loved both EPCOT and Magic Kingdom equally, I loved all the things my kiddo and I learned while visiting EPCOT. There is a really neat ride called Living with the Land that talks about sustainable farming and fishing practices as you go through a working greenhouse.  I really enjoyed it.   I also loved Spaceship Earth, which talks about how communication has evolved through time. For those who like fast rides, Test Track was pretty cool.  Of course, the line was ridiculous even with utilizing Fast Pass+.  There are two different waiting areas because you wait to first design your car and then you wait in another line to "ride in it." My daughter's favorite ride here was Soarin', which is exactly like Soarin' Over California at Disney California Adventure. We came during the Food & Wine Festival, so we got to try food from all different cultures... and many of the snacks were able to be purchased using our snack credits. I spent a couple days here while on my last trip in October.  My next trip to Walt Disney World, I am going to spend a majority of my time in this park!
Five stars. Did not know that there was a ride inside of Epcot Center, until I visited here. Cool ride & "historically" interesting. Very enjoyable and glad that I went in after coming all the way over from Hawaii.
I love Epcot Center so much!  I love sampling the food and drinks from all of the different countries!!!!  It is an amusement park like none other.   You get a good dose of culture along with great rides!!!
Went here on 2/15 with my husband. Probably the worst theme park I have ever been to. When you pay $90 a ticket, you expect a good time, right? First of all, the place was so freaking busy! Everything had a wait.  We found ourselves standing in a line half of the day. There was a line for everything; the rides, the bathroom, food, drinks, fast pass, ect. Speaking of Fast Pass, it's pretty stupid. You have to pick 3 attractions and their corresponding time frames. You can only pick one of the best 2 rides there: fast track or soarin. So basically you can't ride both because the lines were between a 90-130 minute wait. 2 hours for a ride is a waste of time and life. You have plan your entire day around the fast pass because you can only use it during your one hour time frame.  My husband and I couldn't get the  same times frames so we had to calculate when they overlapped and go then. It is annoying, I would have rather paid $30 for a fast pass that gets me past the line for any ride, anytime. The first part of the park, the future world, is all kid oriented. We tried exploring it but were bored to tears. No fun if you are an adult with no kids. Skip that part completely and head to the world showcase part. This part is cool, you get to travel the world into several countries such as Norway and Japan. Each country has traditional food, beer, shopping, music, ect. We liked the idea of drinking around the world except for the $9 beers, a little pricey but expected in a theme park.  Majority of the countries was shopping, not into that.   We saw some cool performances. Went on the Norway boat ride and almost fell asleep on it. The best part of the day was the Fast Track, that ride is pretty cool but not as thrilling as a roller coaster at say, Busch Gardens. We won't be going back.
"EPCOT, you have broken my heart." This was uttered by my girlfriend as we left the park.  We both had such fond memories of EPCOT as kids.  We had our own fond memories of the park with me focusing on the technology and her relishing the thoughts of the different nations of the world.   Strangely, this time around, it just seemed like one big gift shop.  Some nations had exhibits with Japan's tin robot exhibit being the best in my opinion but others like UK just being a place to have greasy food or buy Disney-related wares.   The technology area that I really loved, seemed watered down and inaccessible. Sure, that dated Mexico ride is still there.  So is the funny Norway mural.  And yes, you got to love a park dedicated toward education instead of cheap thrills but still... it did not come close to living to our expectations. Maybe it's because we are older, wiser and less filled with magic.  Maybe because Soarin' and it's stupid line sucked the life out of us early.  Maybe because it really has changed.
I definitely enjoy Epcot more now that I'm older.  Not many rides, but the world showcase makes up for it.  Undoubtedly has the best food out of all Disney parks.  Nice to just walk around and enjoy the scenery and different cultural areas.  Fast passes go fast here...we were there at 10AM and they were giving out fast passes for 8PM returns.  Illuminations fireworks is better than the Wishes fireworks at Magic Kingdom- be sure to stay for it.  If you're short on time, Epcot doesn't really require a whole day, so grab a park hopper and head to Hollywood Studios, too.
EPCOT sparked my imagination.  I really think that of all the theme parks in the Disney Empire, this one is the best for kids who want to learn.  Let's peruse the menu. To start, we'll take a selection of appetizers.  Just a taste, mind you, enough of one to make you want to try the real thing when you grow up.  I'm talking about the World Showcase, which is sort of like a mini-United Nations playground.  The flavors tend to be limited to the American tourist, palate, however. Let's move on to the main course: SCIENCE!..and technology.  Travel through time to see dinosaurs (Universe of Energy), through space on a mission to Mars, or under the sea.  The big ball, Spaceship Earth, is a monument to the history of science.  And take your kids to Test Track to ride around in cars, if you want them to grow up to become engineers. The other parks will inspire the princesses, big game hunters, and movie moguls, but this one will awake the scientist and world traveler in you.
Epcot is a mediocre park. I think I would have been more impressed if it didn't cost $100 per person just for entry. At this price point, I'm expecting to truly get something worthwhile from it, but I think Epcot falls short. While yes, you can eat and drink your way around the world as many people say, there is very little actual information on the various countries. For me, this was a major disappointment. For example, the Norway Pavilion has nothing to offer. The video that they show, "The Spirit of Norway," is outdated and tells you absolutely zilch about the country. The ride is a joke; as you are in some sort of gondola, riding down a waterway with scary trolls. Most of the pavilions, with the exception of Canada and Morocco, do not provide you with anything that truly celebrates the culture. The only culture that Epcot celebrates is capitalism, as most pavilions encourage patrons to just visit gift shops and buy food. Most of the items in the gift shops aren't even representative of the country, just t-shirts and other souvenirs. The UK area had Twinings tea that I could easily purchase on Amazon or my local grocery store. The cultural immersion experience that Epcot touts itself upon is overrated. I left knowing just as much about the countries in the world showcase as when I entered. While I enjoyed my day at this park, it's one of those places that I just wouldn't visit again.
Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow.  Walt had a pretty good plan when it came to EPCOT and although it's a little different than what he had envisioned, it's still pretty cool.  We loved Soarin and Test Track.  Mission Space was fun too!  The kids really enjoyed The Sea with Nemo and Friends.  It was very cute for lil ones.  And you can't go wrong touring the World Showcase!  Get a frozen margarita at the kiosk in Mexico!
It was surprisingly more fun than I remembered it.  Maybe it was because we went off peak and didn't get dragged to every country's exhibit like my Dad made us do when I was a kid.  Haha.   A friend of mine recommend that we stayed until evening b'c it's cool walking through all the countries at night and eating the various vendor foods.  We had a toddler so we didn't get a chance to do it but I was very entertained with the rides they had.   The big ball thing was a little disappointing though.  They must have changed the ride b'c I don't remember it being a ride through time but like all futuristic stuff in the displays.  I guess they had to update the ride.
This is a very fun amusement park for both kids and adults. There's something for everybody. There's also plenty of food for hungry stomachs and drinks to quench your thirst. This park is definitely big enough to spend an entire day here. So be sure to wear a nice pair of comfortable shoes. Some must  rides and attractions: Mission: SPACE Journey Into Imagination With Figment Captain EO Test Track Soarin' After the rides, you can sample food and drinks from around the world. It's a small world after all! :)
Less crowded than the other Disney World parks.  I'm not saying it's not crowded though.
The Epcot Center in Orlando, Florida is a breathtaking example of why I love theme parks.  We came to Epcot many years ago during our honeymoon and were absolutely blown away by the massiveness of this place and all of his many splendors.   Epcot is not just a theme park but what I would call a world attraction.  Not only does it consists of some really cool rides that only Disney Imagineers would come up with, but the food and culture here is the true heart.  Epcot is broken up between various lands each consisting of a country from around the world.  Each country consists of food, crafts, games and buildings representing their respective heritage.  It is truly a breathtaking site when you take it all in and to see it in person was a great memory I will not forget.  I truly hope I get the chance to see this again and share this place with others as well. Epcot also consists of rides as any other Disney theme park does and each has a great technological feat about it.  I will review each of the rides separately in the coming days but each is imaginative, educational and really opens your eyes to places & adventures usually confined to your dreams and imagination.  Not only is Epcot a treasure of this area it is surrounded by numerous other Disney parks as well such as Disneyworld, Disney's MGM Studios as well as the Disney Water Park.  This is a magic area and everything that Disney should be.  I wish they would do a reimagining of sorts of this park in California as well just to bring that cultural element to life on the West Coast.  Check this place out for a cultural experience in the way that only a Disney theme park can provide.  It's great family fun and definitely worth the price of admission.
Greeting, My girlfriend and I went here Sunday April 28, 2013 around 3:00pm. This was the first time I have been back since 2001 and it didn't disappoint. The park closed at 9:00 and had an amazing firework display that is a must see. They now have a fast pass were you can go put in your room key or in our case our passes and get a time to comeback and go right on the rides. We did Spaceship earth which is the globe thing; there was no wait we literally got on in like 5 minutes (awesome for all ages). There was also a flower festival that included stunning flowers all over the landscape of the property, a butterfly exhibit, and an OZ station where you could play free games. Also, there is free soda at the coke store by the fountain, you can taste soda from all over the world (Italy's is nasty ahaha). The grounds are are amazing with different Disney characters made out of trees and bushes. Romantic! We also went around the world where we drank and ate at various spots such as Canada, Mexico (Has a cool relaxing ride inside, cozy bar and dimly lit restaurant), Italy, Morocco, Germany. Staff is amazing!!!!!!!! Tips: Fast pass. They allow you to bring in water and food items. We refilled water at fountains. Trade Disney pins with staff. Stay for fireworks. Spoke with a couple that said they have an amazing food festival in the fall. Create memories! Scott
Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow (Epcot) is so much fun .... you don't realize it is educational too.
OMG I love love love Epcot!!! It has got to be my favorite part of the whole Disney experience!! The countries, the food, the shopping and of course the rides, every part of it is phenomenal!! I get butterflies just thinking about it. Did I mention I love Epcot? Their evening show, Illuminations, is by far my favorite. I love the lasers and the water effect. I highly recommend having a late dinner on the water and catching the show while you eat. We actually did it two nights in a row, once at the pub and the other at the Mexican restaurant. Loved both!! You can not go to Disney without making a trip to Epcot. Note though that we went sans kids. Since I don't have kids I am not sure how much they would enjoy this. Not many princess or mickeys to see here, but that was fine by me. Food and wine make me happy...and so does Epcot!
Epcot has always been my favorite of the Disney World parks! I've been going there since I was a little kid and just got back a few days ago from a 7-night vacation there with 2 of my girlfriends. I was very excited to try some of the rides that were new since the last time I'd been to Epcot, including Mission:Space, Soarin', and The Seas With Nemo & Friends. I was able to ride Mission:Space twice, and Soarin' three times, as well as The Seas once. All of them were great and both Mission:Space and Soarin' lived up to their hype for me! I love Epcot for the World Showcase. Yes, it's a little cheesy that people really spend so much $ on shirts that say "Canada" and "Paris" while they're in FLORIDA, but that's what makes Epcot (and Disney World in general) so great! You totally forget where you are. You're not in Florida anymore! You're in the happiest place on Earth.
Lots of stuff to do here. I think we are all familiar with the property so i'll keep it short. Expensive, plenty of things to do, and great rides!
An incredible park and a wonderful experience all its own! Epcot continues to grow and evolve over the years, even without any visible building expansion. I love visiting the World Showcase because you never know what you'll find in terms of food, merchandise, people and overall experience. Future World is updated in increments over the years to make sure things are new and innovative for kids and adults alike. And you can always find a good selection of characters - either in the world showcase pavilions or at the Epcot Character Stop towards the front!
We had a good time at Epcot.  We split it into two days - on the day we got to Orlando, we did the countries - got to the park around 4 and started at Mexico.  Ate dinner at Morroco.  The kids made it until Illuminations still happy so it was a good day. My kids rated Illuminations as one of their favorite things at Disney World. Even better than Fantasmic. On the day we left we did Future World and left at about 1 pm.  We got quite a few things done in the am w/no lines  - Soarin', Test Track, Spaceship Earth, Mission:Space, Nemo (we snagged a fastpass for test track first thing).  The kids were very interested in Living with the Land - go figure.  They also thought the end of Spaceship Earth was a riot with our heads on the figures.
450th REVIEW! This was, by far, my favorite theme park at the Walt Disney World complex! EPCOT, the Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow, was originally Walt's dream of creating a self-contained community where people would live and work, using public transportation and utilizing amazing marvels of engineering like "air conditioning." It may seem a little Utopian and crazy now, but I still like that "air conditioning" idea-- especially in Central Florida! UGH! Future World is, for the most part, pretty dated and a little cheesy. I can see why there's so many more adults than children at this park! Innoventions is even less innovative than it is in Anaheim, and the Land Pavilion is a crock. Worst of all is the Imagination Institute, where Figment embarrasses you continually for about fifteen minutes,  making you want to shield your face as you exit the attraction so that no one knows you experienced it! The Seas with Nemo and Friends was a real treat, and getting to see a couple manatees up close really made my day! Mission: SPACE was pretty intense, but as long as you don't think about the fact that you are spinning, you can hardly feel it. Test Track was alright, but I feel like it could have been made more exciting. Spaceship Earth was fun if only for the fact that you get to go up into the geosidic dome at the front of the park, but it seemed a little dated, too. No major progress since the personal home computer? Sad! The real standout at this park is the World Showcase! Mexico, Norway, China, Germany, Italy, America, Japan, Morocco, France, the UK, and Canada. Mexico's Pavilion was, to me, the most impressive (and the most "air-conditioned"), and I had to resist the urge to spend a grand buying all the adorable Oaxacan wood sculptures. The little mercado in the middle reminded me of Olvera Street in Los Angeles at night, but the prices were shockingly more reasonable. I loved the kitsch factor of the Norway pavilion, and the Maelstrom ride is pretty fun, if a little scary at the end. Norway seems like a scary place, with all that off-shore drilling! China was understated, and I feel could have been much more impressive. Germany was great, and I enjoyed several glasses of Riesling, beer, Haribo, and pretzyls here. Italy didn't feel quite like Italy to me-- no cobblestone streets of Florence, only Venetian masks? Bummer. Japan was so much fun, and my boyfriend had to drag me out of Mitsukoshi to keep me from blowing my whole vacation budget on cute Japanese knick-knacks! France was beautiful, but I couldn't understand how to get to the Eiffel Tower? Britain was cute, but their Beatles shop didn't really offer that much in the way of exciting merchandise. Canada was, well, Canada. We also managed to visit during the Food & Wine Festival, and we tried just about EVERYTHING! Also sat in on a Sam Adams beer seminar, which was more about getting free beer than learning anything about it. We especially enjoyed the German spaetzle and the schnitzel in pretzyl bread. Also, the fisherman's pie in Ireland was YUM! But don't opt for the honey meade, it was gross! Overall, we came in EPCOT four times during our weeklong vacation and walked the World Showcase the same number of times! We truly loved this park, and I wish we had something similar to it in California!
I really, truly love EPCOT.  It very well might, okay, it *is* my favorite Disney park.  There probably isn't a lot that I can say about the park that hasn't already been said, but here is my two cents on a few things: 1.  Accessibility. Win.  If you are staying at a WDW resort, you can access EPCOT via bus, monorail, or boat.  During my stay, I used all three.  All transportation options are efficient and clean.  Big win.  Plus, I like that the boat drops you off at World Showcase, because, let's be honest, that's where I want to spend most of my time anyway.  I did not use the water shuttle across the lagoon between Future World and the World Showcase, but was appreciative of the option. 2.  Attractions/things to do. WORLD SHOWCASE.  That is all.  I love it.  I love the different cultures, I love the different foods, I love the people watching, the themeing, ambiance, attention to detail, everything about this, I love.  Sure, EPCOT is more of an "adult" park, and there's not A LOT for young ones to do (they did have sort of an 'around the world' scavenger hunt with Perry from Phineas and Ferb to keep kids entertained -mad props Disney, for thinking this one through.)  There are a few select attractions, such as Finding Nemo, which was a lot of fun and I liked that you get to see part of the actual aquarium during and after the attraction.  They had two big old manatees that were just very sweet!  There's also Soarin', Mission Space, and Test Track for those interested in some thrills. 3. Service. Nearly impeccable.  There was only one person in my entire visit to EPCOT that I was less than fond of, and only because she just seemed more interested in speaking her native language to her co-worker than ringing up my purchase.  The rest of the staff that I encountered through the "whole world" as well as greeters, photographers, cashiers, and all other staff people were extremely friendly and in World Showcase, most will go out of their way to have a conversation with you.  I got to talk Blackhawks Hockey with a rugged looking (and very attractive) guy named Jarrod from Canada, and a bloke from England asked me if I was enjoying my holiday, and we chatted about Chicago a bit after he asked where I was from. EPCOT is definitely on my must return list.  I've already decided that the next time I go to Disney World, I will be getting the park hopper pass just so I can have dinner in every country!
Now that I am home from my vacation and have had some time to ruminate about my experiences, I think that Epcot is a whole lot of fun, but a lot different than it was when I was a kid. Future World is still pretty awesome. During my latest trip, I got to ride Soarin' for the first time. It really is an amazing ride that takes you hang gliding over a bunch of different California locales. I thought I was going crazy when I could actually smell the grapes during the Napa Valley sequence, but I wasn't. They actually include the smells! Too cool. Test Track, the newly refurbished Spaceship Earth, and Turtle Talk with Crush were all great as well. My girl got very dizzy from Mission: Space though. Be wary all you weak-stomached riders. The only real downfall of Future World is the new version of Journey Into Imagination. There was no reason to change it and even the inclusion of Eric Idle couldn't save it from being bad. As for World Showcase, it is a totally a new experience as an adult. Kids just see it as cool to see all these crazy buildings and weird shops. As an adult, I see it as an opportunity to eat, drink, and shop around the world. The prices are crazy, but you can't forget that this is still a Disney park. You have to expect high prices, so splurge a little bit and have some awesome food, beer, and wine that you normally couldn't get at home. If you go, definitely drink in the UK and France, eat in Mexico, Morocco, or Japan, and shop in Japan, China, and Norway. Also, look for the hidden gems in a lot of the pavilions. For instance, the museums in Morocco and Norway are truly fascinating and really make you feel like you are a world traveler.
When I was a kid, this was my favorite Disney park. Over the years (as with anything else) they made extensive changes to many of the main attractions. Looking back, I guess Disney had set the precedence when they removed Mr. Toads' Wild Ride, but once Disney tore down Horizons it opened the door for them to start treating down anything they wanted. It's their business and can do with it as they see fit, but in the process have disenfranchised many paying patrons by doing so. Here's the real kicker: they have enough land to be their own county, why not just fix the old rides and build new parks for the new rides? Wouldn't it make more sense, as they would make more money? This is however, the best spot for food in all the parks or the resorts.
First time in a Disney Park with my boyfriend during our first trip in Orlando, Florida! We arrived in the afternoon with my boyfriend's family. The staff at Epcot are friendly and very helpful.The park was absolutely stunning, spacious, and fun! Since we arrived a little late to the park, we were unsuccessful in getting the Fast Passes for Test Track and Soarin and couldn't go on the rides. Although we didn't get a chance to go on those two rides, we did go on other rides. My favorites were Spaceship Earth and Living with the land. My least favorite was Ellen's Energy Adventure - a little slow and boring, The Seas with Nemo & Friends was a little boring too. For Mission Space we went on the less intense ride, but I felt a bit motion sickness during the ride. After spending half of the day going on rides, we then made our way to the World Showcase where we walked by the different countries. We also had Japanese food for dinner at Epcot. Overall, a wonderful experience at Epcot. Lots of beautiful views at Epcot! I hope next time my boyfriend and I come to Epcot, we come earlier to go on the ride we missed out on, revisit the rides we loved and able to visit through the World Showcase again.
I was excited to see Epcot, but I have to say, it wasn't my favorite spot of my Disney visit.  Don't get me wrong - the various countries represented are very cool.  We had lunch in "London" - not cheap.  The taiko performance in "Japan" was also fun to watch.   And to finally get to see what is inside that giant golf ball thing - I'm satisfied.  It's an old ride, but you don't realize how big that ball is until you're inside. The #1 thing that I would come back for is the Test Track ride.  AWESOME!!!   I guess it would be worth it just to get on this ride again.
I love Epcot.  Not only is this the best Disney Theme Park, it's one of my favorite theme parks in the world.  It's really strange, because I'm a huge roller coaster guy, and Epcot doesn't have anything in the way of real thrill rides.  But something about Epcot is just fascinating.  Plus, you've got acres and acres of delicious food options to choose from (more on that below). I'll start with Future World.  Future World is the front half of the park, and by far the worst half.  There is some pretty interesting stuff in the front half and a lot of crap too.  Highlights include Innoventions East and West (two larger pavilions where you can view lots of cool, interactive exhibits), Test Track (a high speed ride in a "car"), the huge aquarium in The Living Seas (complete with Dolphins), and Spaceship Earth (the giant globe).  Most of the rest of the rides / exhibits in Future World a lame, though.  50 minute energy ride with Ellen DeGeneres and Bill Nye?  Long and out-dated.  Soarin'?  More like Snoozin' (har har).  Journey Into Imagination?  Lame since they changed the ride and made Figment super annoying.  Honey, I Shrunk the Audience?  Bring back Captain EO.  There also aren't any really good restaurants in the front, with the exception of the seafood place in The Living Seas. However, World Showcase (the back half) is a whole other story.  This place is fantastic.  Each pavilion represents a different country, and features shops, restaurants, and (usually) a show representative of that country.  The shows are great.  Stop by China to see incredible Chinese children doing acrobatics or a breathtaking 360 degree movie of China's best sights.  Stop by Japan to see some bad-ass Taiko drummers or a bizarrely hilarious candy sculpture lady.  Stop by Canada for some entertaining Celtic rock music, or America to see a marching band or a capella singers.  The list goes on. But the best part is the food.  I love food, and Epcot has a great variety.  My favorites are the Norwegian bakery, the German pretzel / brat shop, and the Japanese hibachi restaurant.  Great stuff. Epcot has a pretty good fireworks show, too, although not as good as Magic Kingdom's.  Plan to spend two days at Epcot if you want to see everything.  Eddy A. has a great tip in his review about dinner reservations.  You can see the fireworks one night and get late reservations the other night (8:00-8:30) and enjoy a pleasant walk out of the park without the crowds.  Very relaxing way to end the day. Epcot, have my babies!!!
This used to be my least favorite Disney park, but a lot has changed in the last 7 years.  This is now my favorite Disney location. The positive: serves alcohol, a fair amount of places to sit for a Disney park, the baby center is fairly centrally located, it has a lot of awesome "for everyone" rides, especially at "the Land". The Nemo ride was my favorite though and it had a pretty extensive aquarium at the end where you could see dolphins and manatees. Both my son's enjoyed it here. My 7 year old and my fiance both really loved the test track ride. I myself even enjoyed it despite not sharing their interest in cars. The park is well kept and was less crowded than a lot of other locations. The end of day show was very impressive and I genuinely enjoyed the food I ate here. The negative: the price is still too high for what you have time to get to in one day. We had a 4 day pass to all the parks and while there's a lot AVAILABLE no one has time to do it all so you're paying for a lot of things you won't get to enjoy.
It was a perfect day at Epcot except that we got there at 4pm. We were able to jump on some cool rides before everything turned dark. I didn't get to tired Test Track though, freaken line was sooo long! =T Then we wandered around to the World Showcase and walked from country to country. At about 9pm, there was this firework show which included music throughout the park and there was this special effects globe.A really good firework show....well worth the price of admission if you just came in to see only that.
This park is awesome, and its taken me years to appreciate it in its entirety. As a kid, I never found much fun in the park, until they first put in Test Track, and then as I grew up, learning about all the cultures. And now being above the age to drink, I can experience each culture even more! To start, if you come in the main entrance, you come into a future type world, which shows you how science can be fun, and all that jazz. The Test Track, man, that ride is just fun, but be warned, if you go during the busy season be expected to wait a long time. The best hint, which alot of people know, is the single rider line. Now, before I go into how awesome this is, please note this, if this is your first time being at the ride, then just wait it out, and ride with your family. Then go back and ride it all day long as single riders. On a past trip, we did single rider, and I kid you not when I say I lapped the same family 3 times. The next ride is Soarin', and ride from the California Adventures park that still keeps the California feel of the ride, but its alot of fun. Be prepared to wait, cause even though this ride can take alot of people for each side, youll be waiting a while. But heres that Disney ingenuity, cause they put games on the walls for the kids to play so that way they will be entertained. The countries, well they are just awesome. Ever wonder why some countries hook it up with the experience, and some lack? Well its because the individual countries all pay for their countries upkeep, so some cant afford the rides, or do it cheaply, with movies or water rides. Since my family used to live in Germany, we also get a reservation in the Biergarten there to enjoy some great food, and listen to the band. Most of the time the service is good, but our last waitress, Saskia, was beyond awesome. Kept the drinks coming and even knew that my mom was slipping my brother drinks and just smiled. The one thing I dont like is that Americans complain about the American part of the world showcase. In case someone didnt tell you, the whole world comes to Disney World, not just Americans, and so some people go to the American part to see our history.
Over the Christmas and new year holiday I spent my time in Orlando. You have to go to Disney if you're gonna be in Orlando. However, I may make some enemies but I think Epcot could use a much needed update. I felt like i want to a 70's amusement park. I'm very much aware that it's not Great Adventures or other places with the crazy rides, but this place is stuck in a time warp. Of all the rides I went on Soarin was the best. Everything else I was left with a blank face and saying that's it? When I was younger I remember not liking this park much and I guess it's stuck with me. For what it was it was cool, but I wanted it to be better.
I love EPCOT, its my favorite park, more oriented towards adults but thats ok since I am an adult... my only issue is it seems like kind of a neglected park that is only getting "dumbed down"... the good: test track is a great ride, the line is usually insane but its worth it if its less than 60 mins... mission space, awesome, awesome ride... world showcase is still the world showcase... I wish they would add more rides into the countries and either toss or update all the movies... the food and wine and festival of flowers events are awesome and totally worth it in their own way the bad: the Wonders of Life pavilion is pretty much only used for special events, the Journey into Imagination (now "Imagination!") pavilion is pretty much unused except for the rides attached to it... "The Seas" went from a ride about conserving our oceans to the "look theres nemo!" ride... "the land" has soarin, which has huge lines and quite frankly, isn't a very good ride... the video is all from disney land/california (aka nowhere I would really recognize) and has very abrupt cuts which really ruins the whole expierence... innoventions I have just given up on, and it seems so have they... spaceship earth is ok but the ending while fun is kind of stupid
Nothing like the World Showcase! I loved these areas, especially the specialty food and characters that walked around. The gift shops are excellent, with special Disney art available that you can't find anywhere else at WDW. Flowers are gorgeous, especially if you go during the gardening show in the spring. Beautiful photo opportunities abound!
The most chilled park out of the 5. Your season pass will always work here with little to no blackout dates. No need to come early, there's no line anywhere on a random weekend. The whole set up revolves around seeing the world and unique places each country has to offer. And food, lots of food. Everything is chilled, just come and relax, catch the shows. There are some rides here, but nothing jumps out significantly for me. There's firework at night, and more shows. Overall, it's chilled, not hussy fussy like the main park. Come with an empty stomach and eat everything!
EPCOT CHARACTER SPOT - you get to meet and take pictures with Mickey, Minnie, Donald Duck, Pluto and Goofy!  They're SO adorable!  Minnie was very sweet.  I was wearing a Mickey and Minnie shirt and she totally pointed it out to me!  Ha!  The characters are so SMALL!  Well, except for Goofy who stood about 6 feet tall. :) FINDING NEMO THE SEAS RIDE is pretty cool.  It's a nice way to sit, relax and enjoy the view.  After the ride, there's a display of fishes who were featured in the movie.  It's like going to a mini aquarium after the ride. DOLPHIN SHOW - SOOO adorable!  The trainer talks to the group about the dolphins and has the dolphin do these amazing tricks.  If you're trying to get a good shot of the dolphins during the presentation, DON'T!  Wait until the end!  The instructor will have the dolphins pose together and SMILE!  It's so cute! SPACESHIP EARTH is the ride in the Epcot dome.  It's SO funny!  Make sure you take a NICE picture and FILM the demonstration at the end! RACE TEST (?) I forgot the name of this ride, but it's HIGH SPEED and AWESOME!  If you're into the whole drifting and have a NEED FOR SPEED, this is YOUR ride.  The line is LONG so our group went to the "Single Rider" line and just rode it on our own.  We were in the same car, we just wasn't seated together.  Each car seats 6. SOARIN' OVER CALIFORNIA - being from California and visiting, this ride was SWEET.  If you're afraid of heights, be aware!  Although you're just sitting and facing a theater sized screen, the ride is so realistic and it really feels like you're soaring over California. WALKING AROUND THE WORLD was fun!  Although exhausting, you can run into little shops and see a lot of amazing products!  Little did we know, we missed out on some RIDES!  We need to go back and check them out! I had such an AMAZING time.  Disney rocks!
Honestly, every Walt Disney park gets 5 stars from me. I have been going to this park since 1983 (my parents took my at 8 mo.) and I have always loved it.  I am sentimental so I will tell you that I liked the park in the late 80's to mid 90's more than I like it now, but I suppose I'm also biased since I was a kid during those times.  I love that this park is devoted to the sciences and especially new technology. This park helped shape my love for technology and the future.  You can't go wrong with the World Showcase.  Only place that I know of where I can get an Alhambra one minute and then get a Sapporo the next.
I really think they need to split up the World Showcase and the front of the park. Neither of them make sense together. We didn't get to do much in the front of the park--at least not the most popular rides. I really wanted to go to Soarin' but it had a really long wait. The World Showcase can't be beat though. Wish we had more time to explore the shops more. We went to eat dinner at Restaurant Marrakesh which was good--and visited select shops in Morocco, Japan, China, Norway, etc. Make reservations ahead of time for sit down restaurants.
Another 3.5 that I'll bump up to a 4. I was very excited to go to EPCOT but I felt like it let me down a bit. Maybe because I've been to a lot of the countries, I didn't get the magical feeling people that haven't traveled much, get. The rides weren't that fun here either. BUT, they do an excellent job of keeping you hanging around the ride afterwards. There were a lot of neat videogames and to-dos, in the rooms after you exit the ride. +/- Test Track -- grab a Fast Pass when you get into the park; there is a super long line for this; AND, build your own car, it makes the games after the ride so much better + -- Soarin' -- very cool use of new technology +/- Mission Space -- there are 2 versions of the ride for people that fear motion sickness; I was already sick from the light version; my boyfriend said the super version was VERY intense + Imagination Pavilion is AWESOME -- definitely spend some time here and check out all the exhibits and games (you can BUILD your own roller coaster!!! and play the piggy bank game, which may be juvenile sounding, but so fun!) - Norweign boat ride...don't get tricked into watching a long movie about Norway, RUNRUNRUN! Look into every nook and crany because the room with all the various Coke product sodas from around the world, wasn't really highlighted on the map, but we were told about it from a friend. It's near the Imagination Pavilion. The World Showcase is fun...but I may be jaded from having been to many of the countries. Spit dishes with a friend or family member so you can try more things. Note: huge bummer that the only churro this park has is in Mexico, and it isn't very tasty because they changed the recipe to make them mini-sticks, dipped in a water caramel sauce.
So far behind the times, too bad.  Major disappointment.
It's a small world after all!
The adult Disney park. Even though they've changed Spaceship Earth a few times since I was a kid, it's still a classic!  I grew up 30 minutes from Disney and now I live halfway across the country -- and not being able to go to Epcot on a whim is a huge hole in my life. Seriously. Soarin', Nemo, the Norway boat ride, Test Track, the Figment ride! Ahh.. I love this place. Yes, everything but the World Showcase is dated, but that just brings back so many memories for me. Kitchen Cabaret is long gone (replaced by Soarin') but I'll never forget it. Epcot is always changing.. it kind of has to at this point. It also has the best food (and beer) of any park thanks to the World Showcase. Burritos and churros in Mexico, fish and chips  and a Guiness in England... sushi and sake in Japan... did I mention the International Food & Wine Festival? I have spent weeks upon weeks of my youth at Epcot and I can never wait to go back!
If you have a good camera, you can stand in front of the Epcot ball at night and capture a shot of you "holding" the ball with your hands.  And if you're really late, you will notice bats flying around the skies at night feasting on the millions of gigantic bugs.   There are good animated "bug" shows here and places for kids to play games, videogames, rides (Mission Space is sooooo nauseating & makes you dizzy to the point of almost, almost hurling).  After you're done with all the activities at the front of Epcot, you head to the foriegn countries: China (acrobatic show), Japan (Taiko Dojo), Mexico (musicians), Morroco (music), Italy, Norway, Germany, France, Britain, USA, etc.  Each country has a themed building with gift shops and restaurants.   The evening fireworks show is great.  Each building lights up and sends a beam of light to the center and the fireworks finale literally lights up the whole sky.  The 2 French restaurants are a couple of the best places to eat in Epcot.  The Coral Reef is pretty (huge aquarium) but the food falls short for the price.  The French patisserie isn't good, so better to avoid not to mention the female staff in there are most unfriendly.
Best Disney park out there. But it's for adults not kids. Drinking and eating around the world is the best part. But just prepared to empty your wallets out. The tequila bar in Mexico is my favorite with the avocado margarita, it's absolutely fantastic. And Soarin is by far the best ride Disney has to offer! Just leave the kids at the hotel and you'll have a great time at Epcot.
I checked in for the Half-Marathon and what can I say, the race was awesome!! Kudos to Disney for a well run event!! Everything from the staging area in the morning to the post race events ... AWESOME job Disney. The organization is phenomenal!! Pre-race you can check your bags and have them waiting for you post race. During the race, plenty of water stops, restrooms AND entertainment along the course. So much fun! Water stops were practically every mile and there were even stops with Powerade and Snacks!! Along the course, places to stop for entertainment purposes and take pictures with characters!! How cool is that. The only bad thing ... and not even Disney's fault ... runner etiquette. Too many runners in too small of an area at certain locations. Oh well. Post race ... awesome arrival!! Get your medal, get some water and even medical stations set up to help the not so fortunate runners!! Awesome event!!! Can't wait for next year!!
Epcot is a good place to get wasted...Ok it's a family place you're not going there specifically for that but if you're bored with all the amusement park stuff around Orlando, Epcot is a good half-day spent starting with the English pub (actually the Brit food is authentic and good) then move on to France and then Germany (bought some beer glasses but they eventually broke--too fragile).
Epcot is probably the most adult theme park Disney has. You can bring kids here, but if I had kids, I would stay clear around the Food and Wine Festival, cause there are adult shenanigans going on you might not want your kids to see. Mainly adults getting drunk, cursing and falling over-themselves, all in good fun...that is. Disney is strict, so any fighting or illegal activity, and they'll throw you out. I had a friend who jokingly answered one of the employee phones, and they tracked him down and kicked him out. The slowest times of the year are probably right after the holidays and before Spring. Also, if it's a rainy day, attendance can be lower. I feel like a lot more locals are going to Disney through the years, especially when you have an annual pass and can go anytime, as many times as you want. Besides a party spot for adults, it is educational for both kids and adults. You can learn about some of the countries, through movies, or boat tours. But not all countries have such tours, which I really think they should. Why doesn't Italy, France or England have one? Just to name a few. Probably my favorite ride is the Land and Spaceship Earth, both learning experiences. I'd like to have a fancy garden that big! Attached to the Food and Wine festival, is the Wine and Dine Half Marathon. It's my favorite over the regular Disney races, because you get to hang out at Epcot afterward until 4 AM, and have exclusive access to all the food kiosks and certain rides! Another event I enjoyed is the Flower and Garden Festival. They have free educational talks and some paid food samplings. Both this and Food and Wine have musical acts of past artists from the 70's to 90's. If I had to choose a favorite Disney theme park, I'd choose Magic Kingdom first, just because it makes me feel like a kid again. Epcot is probably 2nd or 3rd, out of the 5! One last criticism I have, and this applies to all the theme parks, is they need more shade trees. It's Florida damn it, and a few more shade trees would go a long way.
Best WDW park ever! My husband isn't much of a disney fan but he loved this park. Maybe because we decided to  "eat our way around the world" (I have also hear of people  "drinking their way around the world", they start at Mexico and are trashed by the time they drink Sake in Japan. FOOD: Here's what was on our menu: France: Boulangerie Patisserie Ham and Cheese Quiche Cheese Plate Morocco: Tangierine Caf Marinated Olives Japan: Sushi Stand right at the edge of the Lagoon California Roll / Spicy Tuna Roll combo America: Stands Funnel Cake w/ cherries Turkey Leg (our first ever! We had to get one after seeing it on the Food Network's DW special- it was HUGE!) And then we had to stop we couldn't make it around the world! There was just too much to eat! RIDES: I was really excited to ride the Grand Fiesta Tour Starring the Three Caballeros. This was one of my favorite movies and when I learned about the updated ride I knew it was a must see. After World Showcase we headed back to Future World. We were able to get on Spaceship Earth(recently updated), The Seas with Nemo (kids freak out with excitement when they see this one), and Soarin' (Best ride ever!). Try to get FASTPASSES for all of the rides it will save you lots of time! Later that night we watched Illuminations right in front of Morrocco. Illiminations is a lazer/ fireworks show that happens right in the middle of the lagoon. It is a must see and a wonderful way to end the day. We had a great view in front of the entrance to the boat launch. We were able to see everything clearly.  Tip: wait  a couple of min. after Illuminations ends. At that time everyone is rushing to exit the park and it gets really crowded. Just hang back and relax until the crowds thin out. It will make is easier.
I LOVE IT! I come here most of all the parks, because we walk laps around the lake. Right now the food & wine festival is AWESOME (and sadly counteracting all the walking) They should really have it all year long! I love the Fishermans pie in Cork Ireland! I love riding spaceship earth! I love the topiaries! Ilove everything!!
Epcot is pretty cool.  I like to walk around the to the different pavilions and grab a bite to eat from a different country every time time I go.   I think I like China and Japan the best! Best rides at Epcot - Sorin, Test Track, Mission: Space
I love coming here because I love the World Showcase.  This year I acted like a child and bought a passport with a friend and ran all over "the world" and had my passport signed in each place by a native of each location.   My personal favorite location is China and Japan b/c I'm still waiting to visit these places.  Best part is that when I came home there was a souvenir that I really wanted to buy but didn't have the funds at the time.  Thru some research i found a Disney Merchandise number that actually connected me with the gift shop who were nice enough to mail me the souvenir.
This is my favorite Disney Park!!!  Maybe it's because I love the international cuisine, maybe it's because I'm a teacher and I love learning, or maybe it's because I love the amazing rides in Future World.  Ever since I was little though, I've always loved this place and this was probably the fifth time I've visited.  We went during the Epcot International Flower and Garden Festival (this was not intentional but it really highlighted the trip), which runs from March 3rd until May 16th this year. There were amazing floral arrangements of many different Disney animated characters, including Cinderella, the Lion King (and friends), Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and my personal favorites,  Lady and the Tramp.  As part of the Flower Festival, several musical acts also perform during this time.  Herman's Hermits were there the day we went, which was pretty neat since I actually know a few of their songs.  I think everyone knows "Henry the Eighth, I am."   Not too much had changed in the World Showcase.  We ate in France, Mexico, and China and were not disappointed in the slightest.  We saw several films and acts including the "O Canada" film and the Chinese acrobats.  I'll always love the Maelstrom ride in Norway, too.   Future World has been updated, which is a positive change.  The ride Soarin' is absolutely amazing and even invokes your sense of smell as you "hang glide" over different parts of California, including an orange grove and a pine tree-lined ski slope.  We definitely needed a fastpass for this ride.  My least favorite attraction was Mission: Space because I almost got sick.  And I was fine riding Test Track twice! If you only have one or two days at Disney World, I would highly recommend Epcot.  I love the Magic Kingdom, but Epcot is definitely a great place for adults who want to learn, drink and eat international cuisine, and just plain have a fantastic time.
My mind is in Florida today, more specifically the World of Walt - be it Downtown Disney, Typhoon Lagoon, Epcot or anywhere else in this utopian land. And, because I've been fortunate enough to visit Epcot plenty of times in both my youth and adult life - I thought, what better way to pretend you're there than a review? ...it's almost the same thing. not. Where to begin? This is the traveler's and foodie's (gross, I'm sick of this word but have yet to find a suitable synonym) amusement park. Each section of the park is themed by country via architecture, culturally-driven rides, food, employees from the actual countries (way to be, Disney - this adds a sixth star in my book). For example, in Morocco you can find a healthy dose of tabouli and stores that resemble the marketplaces found in Marrakesh - seriously, they do a great job of recreating the real deal. In "France," you'll find mini cafes with quiches a'plenty and streetscapes that look like a scene out of Beauty and the Beast. My favorites: -Behind the Seeds (formerly The Living Seas exhibit?): dreamy and educational as all get out. In the words of my sister (yelling from the other room right now): "They grow pumpkins in the shape of Mickey's head. Smart marketing." Is there anything Disney doesn't think of? This exhibit covers several eco environments ranging from aquaculture/aquaponics to greenhouses with dozens of species growing harmoniously. You make your way through the exhibit on a boat. -this is general: but I just love winding my way in and out of each of the country/region sections - you begin to appreciate it even more once you've visited the countries overseas. My one complaint with Disney: prices have skyrocketed. It's no longer an easy trip for a middle class family. Come on, Disney. I remember (back in my day) when tickets were between $40-$50 10 years ago. Now, you're looking at $90/pop - and don't forget the pricy eats once you're in. Future Epcot visits: Holidays Around the World (December) and the famous International Food & Wine Fest (October/early November)
By far our favorite park at Disney, it is extremely adult friendly and the food is delicious. The firework show at the end of the night when the park closes is a must see and by far the best firework show I have ever seen.
I love Disney World, and of all the parks, Epcot is my favorite. Let me first say that I've been to Disney many times during different seasons, and it is significantly better if you can go during the low season. You'll enjoy things much more without the huge crowds, long lines, and hot Florida summer sun. While I love both parts of Epcot (Future World and the World Showcase), it is really the World Showcase that keeps me coming back. Honestly, I would be completely satisfied spending an entire week just in this area of the park. The World Showcase sparked a desire in me to travel. The first time I visited, I hadn't yet been to a single country out of the United States. Now, I've been to more than I can keep track of... something around 25. In the World Showcase, you can travel to 11 different countries in one day. It's great! I love that they hire people to work at their home countries' pavilions. It keeps things a bit more authentic. I know that things there are commercialized and a bit idealized, but I really enjoy being able to see at least a glimpse of so many different places at once. It's especially great for those who haven't traveled as much as I have as it gives them an opportunity to see a bit of the rest of the world. Where else can you visit a Norwegian village, walk through a Chinese garden, eat at a French patisserie, and wander through Moroccan alleys in one day?
I love Epcot. It has always been my favorite park since I was a wee lad in the days when Michael Jackson was making zombies fashionable. Science, technology, cultural understanding, space, and history. You could get it all here. Epcot has gone through many changes over the years. But it has always maintained that educational core. It's just a shame that Walt's original EPCOT dream was never realized. It would have changed and revolutionized our lives. Had he lived longer, I am sure it would have became reality, too. But I will take the theme park in its place, for now. Epcot is a huge park and it is easy to get to. The drive is easy. You can hop the monorail from several places. You can take the bus from your resorts. Upon entering, Future World is part one. You start with the center piece of the park. The "golf ball" which is a ride called Spaceship Earth. On either side of the ball are several pavilions full of educational opportunities. You have Innovations East and West with some hands on science fun. Further on the right, there is The Seas with Nemo. Basically a pavilion housing a large aquarium and a Nemo theme ride. There is a show with Crush, here. Always fun. Next is the Land which house Disney's The Land, Soarin', and a Lion King movie about conservation. Also, there is the Disney green houses and food sciences in this building. This is always one of my favorite pavilions. The restaraunts have some of the foods grown here. Overall, this is a fun pavilion. Next is Journey Into Imagination with Figment. This pavilion house the ride, a make believe Disney themed Science building with doors themed from Honey We shrunk the Kids, Flubber, and most of the other Disney mad scientist movies. There is the ride with Figment. Always one of my favorites. There are tons of interactive exhibits. Also here is currently Captain EO with Michael Jackson. It is a retro 3d movie experience which is in a comeback after being gone for a long time. This was an 80s experience so expect that. It's fun. On the left of Spaceship Earth is the Mission Space Pavilion. Mostly it is the ride with a few interactive exhibits and a store. Also, there is Ellen's World of Energy. This is totally just a ride and educational experience. The pavilion has great landscaping so don't miss that. But other than the experience, there isn't much. It is not a thrill ride. It is very slow and will take about 45 minutes of your time so be prepared. Further on is Test Track. This is a ride with interactive expereinces before and after. There is a store, as well. You can enjoy a display of GM's latest cars as well. If you have little ones and can't ride, I recommend finding the after ride area and enjoying the interactive exhibits and showroom. That is Future World. Next are the countries, or, World Showcase. They open around 11 AM and stretch from Mexico on one side to the United Kingdom on the other. In between is a cavalcade of cultural exhibits, rides, movies, restaraunts, and beer! Yes, BEER! This is where the Food and Wine Festival really happens in the Fall. It is a blast and exposes you to cuisine you may not normally get a shot at. So, overall, Epcot is great. Why the 4 stars and not 5? Simple. The cast members in Future World have lost their ability to handle customers properly. At one spot on my recent trip, I was treated rudely. Another spot, I experienced a nazi like woman barking orders at guests who were doing things that were comletely harmless. It just ruined the day and made for a bad experience. That said, folks in the countries were great, as always. The rides were rose above all that crap. But it still dropped a star on this trip.
Epcot is my favorite Disney park.  I love Soarin!  It is a must ride.  It really feels like flying over California.  Well worth the wait.  Get a fast pass for Soarin immediately upon entering the park! Last week, I took my daughter on a food crawl in the coiuntries in Epcot.  First, dumplings and soup at Nine Dragons in China.  Then, we got some Beijing Strawberries and "aerated" Litchi water.  The Beijing Strawberries had a crispy candy shell and were pretty good, but the aerated water tasted bitter and gross.  We watched the incredible Chinese acrobats.  Then we walked over to the American section and had some excellent brisket with spicy corn bread and collard greens.  We enjoyed the BBQ the most out of all the other food at Epcot.  We also watched the American Adventure show, which was surprisingly good. The Japanese candies in Japan were pretty good too.  Try the Pure Peach Gummies!    We had some free sodas from around the world at Club Cool.  Then it was time for our fast pass to Test Track but the line was long even though we had fass passes.  By then, my phone ran out of power and I had to recharge it.  We found an outlet in a room about IBM computers, which the guy working there said, "Yes, there is an outlet in that room!  It will force you to go there!"  I could see why he said it because no one else besides my daughter was in the room and she was there only because she was waiting for me.  Time to update some attractions?
Epcot is the best park at Disney for adults.  It has some of the most high tech rides at Disney and the best food and drinks from all the parks.  The front of the park is set to technology and the future.  The back of the park is setup around a big lake with different countries.  I can spend all day from open to closed at this park.  If you have enough time to hit the parks more than once i suggest a whole day of eating a drinking your way around the world.  The back of the park is themed to look and feel just like the country it depicts.  This is the park i go to even if i only have on day down in the area .
My favorite park at Disney for sure! I really enjoyed all the different things in different parts of the "world". I especially loved Germany where i got to meet Snow White for the first time:) Because this was my first trip to Disney AND we were celebrating my birthday, i had two button to wear which was a plus because the characters and Disney employees really make you feel special. I would advise making reservations for any type of sit down restaurant in ANY of the Disney theme parks though. I made plenty months in advance so we were ok, but alot of places were turning people away because there was no availability. Overall, my experience was magical and i can not wait to go back! :)))
I really wanted to like this park more, it is such a good idea but for some reason it just is a bit of a disappointment to me. The tour of the world area is interesting since they hire people from the country they represent. One thing that really bothered me was they had a USA stop, why would they do that? We are already in the US, plus they have the Hall of Presidents in the Magic Kingdom which is pretty similar. If they had left that out they could have put another really interesting country that was left out, ie India, could have had some really good cultural stuff and Indian food. I did enjoy the soaring ride (a realistic hang glider ride over California) and the Space Ship Earth ride.
Others may complain about the front of the park but I love the retrospective futuristic touches: the font, the word choice, the architecture.  Of course everyone wants to drink around the world but a trip to the Biergarten at Germany is debilitating. I've been to DisneyWorld three times in the past five years and EPCOT continues to be my favorite destination of the four parks.
Epcot is my favorite Disney attraction!  Especially when the flower festival and food & wine come to Epcot.   Personally, Epcot is more of a playground for Adults than for kids, although I know I know kids would enjoy too.   Epcot has two themes, the first when you walk in is what I call the "Futuristic/Space/Land" haha ok I actually don't know what it themed since it is a mix, but that's all I could think and summarize it to.  My favorite ride is Finding Nemo, Spaceship Earth, Journey to Imagination, The Land (to relax) and I guess Soarin' (the only why I say this is unless you get a fast pass, don't complain about the wait.  The wait can be up to 2 - 2 1/2 hour of a wait, so brace yourself. As for the second theme, "The World Showcase"  which I looooove walking around.  You get to visit different places from the world, see people who live from that country, and experience what it would be like to be in that country without having to bring your passport ;)   Fun place to definitely visit and enjoy strolling along!
This was my second trip to Orlando for the Disney parks. We ended up doing the four major parks during the week which was a GREAT idea! The lines were short or nonexistent. We loved Epcot so much that we decided to go to Disney Client Services and added one additional day just to do Epcot one more time. Every country has hired or imported people of that country. Hearing the language or accent of the people makes it seem more authentic. From Mexico's Pyramids (outside and inside) to Oktoberfest in Germany everyday, you just can't miss this GREAT experience. My husband and I just LOVED it all and can't wait to be back! On the first day we had done all the rides and shows. On our last day we went back to Epcot for the countries and to try different foods from around the world. Although we spent all day doing that, it still wasn't enough time. Epcot really needs 3-4 days alone just to say that you experienced it all. Good idea to do the rides during the week since it's not as busy as the weekend. Keep a free day to come back again just to enjoy the countries by the lake and to enjoy the great food. When we come back to Orlando next, I will definitely devote 3 days to Epcot. As you enter, make sure to get a Photo Pass.  You can use it through out your entire trip to Disney and have unlimited professional photos taken through out the parks.  You can go to the photo center at the end of your trip and view/choose your favorite photos.  If you don't end up buying it all, you have the option of looking at them and ordering them on line once you get home.  We had hundreds of photos on our Photo Pass.  Great idea when you don't feel like carrying a bag or camera.
A friend talked some guy into serving me a margarita when I was underage.  I couldn't figure out how to get out of here in high school.  I loved the huge film about China and the Japanese store.  It would have been nicer to go with my family instead of by myself.  The French area was forgettable.
My Slice of Heaven! My Favorite Disney Park and I especially love the World Showcase. Best place to people,  watch, nibble on all kinds of good cuisine, watch live entertainment, and drink beer. My best advice is to go to the French Bakery and get a hot ham and cheese baguette, something cool to drink and park yourself somewhere under a tree in Norway and have a leisurely lunch. Don't rush, just relax and watch all the other people stressing out while you enjoy yourself. It's an awesome experience better than any amusement ride. Remember to tell them Dan sent  you and Stay Relaxed!
Military, Shades of Green resort will sell discounted tickets. FYI though, the discounts are small and don't know if it's worth it. As part of my Florida Rollercoaster Trip, Epcot was less than spectacular for the thrill seeker in me. When we were inquiring with our travel agency about which park to go to, the lady said this park was targeted towards the older kid and adult group. Although she did disclaim that there were only a few thrill rides, we had figured could still be fun right? All the rides were silly. The walk through all the countries were pathetic. The only good thing was the Oktoberfest buffet for lunch in Germany. But even then, the price for the not authentic food brought down my opinion of the place. Don't waste your time here! At least at the other parks you can probably have a better time being a corny tourist and take a picture with the castle instead of a huge golf ball!
Awesome place to go! It doesn't have many rides like the main park, but its quite an experience! They have a bunch of countries in the park so you can visit them all and taste what each country has to offer! A major plus about Epcot is that THEY SERVE ALCOHOL HERE!!!! U can go to Italy and try out some delicious wine and champagne.....or go to German and try some beer....or hit up Japan and get some Sake Bombs!!! Some of the restaurants don't taste "authentic" but its a delight to be able to just try some dishes you wouldn't have an opportunity to do depending on where you live. Epcot has a spectacular light show on the lake at night! Something you have to see while you're at the park! Oh, and what I also like about Epcot being so culturally diverse, is that the workers at each country are actually from that country! Not good for kids...but great for adults :)
Was very fun but so hot and humid during the summer. All the rides we went on were indoors and cool which was nice but the fast passes seemed like they weren't worth it. We visited one resturaunt in Italy which certainly made us feel like we were in Italy. In front of France there were street performers that were super cool, really suprised us. Its quite a lot to see and a rather long walk so make sure you have the time, take breaks, and stay hydrated! If you plan well its a great experience.
Get fast passes for Test Track and Soarin.  These rides do run out of fast passes! Make sure you go to the back of Mexico, There is a short boat ride that was pretty nice.  The lines if any go pretty quick. Moroccan food was pretty good $15 for a chicken and lamb plate. China beer Tsing Tao was great at $6 for 12oz German beer Oktoberfest was $8 but a lot more than 12oz The UK has coffee and lattes with baileys, kahlua, etc for ~9 Overall great day and worth a trip out.
My favorite of the parks. I love the different countries and the fact that it's less crowded than the Magic Kingdom (my least favorite). I'd seriously consider coming back for this park alone.
This was my favorite Disney park! I felt it truly had a little bit of everything for the whole family. It had your typical Disney princesses, amazing rides. And world showcase which was the best playground for adults. Our favorite ride of the day was FastTrack by Chevrolet! Totally fun and so innovative. We even enjoyed the children's attractions like turtle time with crush! World showcase was truly spectacular. I felt like I was in a different universe, let alone 11 different countries. We got drinks and food from almost every country which was a big part of the excitement for us. Everything felt very authentic. Took us a while to really go through. Which was nice because we did some of the other Disney parks in like half a day. I can not wait to go back!
THIS IS MY FAVORITE PARK OF ALL FOUR AT THE DISNEY WORLD RESORT!! It's just so different from anything I've seen. It's not your ordinary theme park.   At one end of the park, you see all this stuff related to modern technology and space. I think of it as a big Futureland. At first I wasn't very into all that stuff because it was sort of dated, but the rides were still fun, especially Mission: Space. A major plus that this park has that the other ones don't is that they have this area where you can meet all the major Disney characters in one line! It was so helpful because you don't need to track Mickey or Minnie down individually. I loved it! I was also able to find Genie, Mulan, Baloo, and the mice from Cinderella. I've never seen so many of those characters out in one theme park before. You will definitely need your camera for this place! Epcot has this area of pavilions that display countries from all over the world. There was China, Japan, France, Ireland, American, etc. It was absolutely beautiful! I loved shopping around at every place and soaking in the culture. They have cuisine and restaurants that correlated with that part of the world so you can try anything from crepes to sushi. There were beautiful historical displays where you could learn about how other parts of the world live. My favorite was probably Japan. This park is more for adults I would say. That's probably why I loved it so much. The kiddies might get bored because there is more to see than do. The rides are all in the front part of the park. The pavilions are more for shopping and picture taking.
I Love Epcot!!!! International cultural experiences with Disney's flair. need not to say more.
If you are ever visiting Orlando, Florida, make sure you go to Epcot before you leave.  If I had enough money, I would send my students here.  There are educational parts of the theme park, such as experiencing a 3-D hurricane storm that hits your house and how you can make your house storm proof and a ride that you make based on the selection of curves, velocity, and twists.  The rides are not as scary as the ones in Six Flags.  There is a spaceship ride that will make your heart jump out.   After rides, you can go to an international food event, where you can go taste food from Mexico, Germany, Italy, China, and Russian.  Along with food, you can buy accessories and chocolates from those countries.  I brought a lot of chocolate from Italy to bring back as a souvenir for my friends and family.   Make sure you stay till 9 pm to see the amazing fireworks.  At the end, the huge golf ball will roll across the lake and open up.  It really is a spectacle that you should not miss.  I mean you paid $79 for it, why not stay till the end. After the fireworks, there is a main gift shop that you can go to to buy your last minute souvenirs.  As you exit the park, there are tons of taxi waiting for.  Make sure you get out before 10:30 pm, because the last taxi will leave and you would have to call for a taxi.
This was my favorite park in our recent Disney World experience. I loved the World Pavilions and managed to drink my way around the world and still make it back to our cabin in time for dinner. As with all of the parks at Disney, the amazing attention to detail is what make the experience so realistic. The architecture of all of the sets is incredibly detailed. They get actual folks from the actual countries to come and work the exhibits, giving you the accents and human interaction which make it seem all the more real. The attraction/ride in Mexico was fun as was the ride in Norway. There was cool international shopping, eating and drinking throughout each country, which was enjoyed by both adults and kids in our party. We took advantage of the fast-pass for the Test Track ride, by the time we had traveled around the world it was time to walk into the ride which simulates a test drive experience. Then we also did the Mission: Space, the green line only had a 10 minute wait and didn't make anyone woozie.
Carmen at the ticket counter is a very, very nice lady!
