This place is as visually interesting on the inside as it is on the outside.  The theme of a Greek cave is one I have seen before and I like it.  With an open kitchen concept, its a fun place to eat. Most of our fellow diners had opted for burgers however, we ordered the Mythos Beef Medallions, medium rare. We also ordered the small Caesar side salad.  Our waitress forgot to place the order for our salads so that when our salads arrived our lunches were sitting on the warming shelf.  I was a little dismayed that we were 'slammed' but was heartened that our meals were hot and delicious.  The meat was perfectly cooked and was an ample portion.  The burgers did look good but our meals were awesome.  I believe that our poor service was an anomaly.  I would definitely recommend Mythos to any diners weary of the standard theme park dry chicken fingers and awful burgers.
We were starving, and by amusement park standards food preparation was gourmand. We ordered the flatbread appetizer, which was really good as was the warm crusty bread. I got the meatloaf and potatoes, which was pretty good. DH got the pad thai, which was ok. I am basing this review in comparison to amusement park restaurants, in general. If compared to outside restaurants, then a 3 star. I have had better pad thai elsewhere, but compared to Thunder Falls Terrace in the Jurassic Park section, then this is definitely a 4 star.
We ate lunch here on a Tuesday. We made a reservation earlier in the morning for when it opened at 11. We were seated right away. We were served warm free bread that was delicious. The butter was stamped to say universal. They had a nice menu with a lot of choices. They also had beer and wine that was very reasonably priced. And a nice treat to sit in the ac and relax. Service and everything was wonderful. Not too expensive for the quality of everything. My meal came to $20 and that includes a sandwich with fries and a glass of wine and tip. There is a reason this place has been dubbed the worlds best theme park restaurant.
My husband and I ate there years ago with some friends, and I still can't stop talking about it! The food was absolutely delicious, recommend it 100%! I can still remember what I ate, the beef medallions. All I can say is, wow!
How this was voted the best theme park restaurant multiple times, I do not know. I mean, pretty much every restaurant in Epcot has this place beat. By a large margin. But, anyway...I had a reservation. It still took about 20 minutes to be seated. The rosemary bread was stale, or maybe just overly crusty, I'm not sure. Not good either way. It also wasn't warm. The tomato soup was kind of bland and really a ridiculously small portion. Do not order the Caesar; it's terrible. The dressing is bland, there is not nearly enough cheese, and the pita wedges they serve instead of croutons were stone cold. My salmon had a nice sear on it, but it was overdone. Not disgustingly so; it was edible. The Mediterranean flatbread was pretty good, and the kids' pizza was better than most kids' meals. Service was slow and not precise.
My wife and I were a little iffy on how nice theme park food could actually get. Well, Mythos certainly delivered. We didn't know about the place until we walked passed it, and were sat in about 5 minutes without a reservation. The price is reasonable for the dishes they offer, especially considering food and drinks in theme parks are notoriously expensive. We both had the tri-tip risotto, which was a special that day. Though a tad salty, all in all it was SUPERB. I was absolutely surprised with the quality; the beef tips were tender, not at all rubbery, and the risotto itself was perfectly cooked. The service we experienced was wonderful, as well. Very friendly and attentive. I noticed some others had qualms with the service and, hey, sometimes it happens. Thankfully during our visit, all was well. If you're in the park and don't mind splurging for lunch or dinner, I'd say give it a try, especially if you're looking for a break from the typical theme park fare.
I liked this place, I think they has the best food that you can find in Universals. I enjoyed Latte and spinach cheese appetizer. Also, they serve fresh and warm complimentary bread. I will come back.
Excellent friendly service turned this into a superb experience.  Beautiful view of the water and park.   Meatloaf was horrible.  Imagine eating hockey pucks made out of Hungry Man Salisbury steak.  Pizza was just ok.  Strangely, I greatly enjoyed the meal despite not liking the food.   They have beautiful outdoor seating.
for a themed restaurant.. i was thinking it would be a gimmick.. food was probably only going to be mediocre... but i was pleasantly surprised.   The food is very good... presentation is great ... food was fresh and hot.. i ordered burger with fries and Parmesan cheese.. the waiter explained that the fries it covered in truffle oil before the cheese is grated which gives it an infused flavor.. i was sold.. overall i am impressed.. the price is quite decent and i can justify it with the level of food and service. i will come back next time i visit universal studios
Wasn't anything special. The food options are limited and nothing to write home about or wait in long lines. However the staff was very nice and the service was good.
Food was really good. From the shrimp tempura sushi to the traditional hamburger to the mahi and the risotto of the day. All delicious. They seated us early for our reservation as well. Server seemed over seated though and kept forgetting our wine. Overall would recommend though.
I have dined here with Niki and the girls may times. Make reservations during the peak seasons or you most likely wont get in. The staff here is friendly and helpful with explaining the menu. The cavernous space is very interesting and a comfortable enviroment after standing in lines all day. They serve everything from cheeseburger to salmon. I had the risotto of the day which was very tasty. Niki had the salmon and was happy to report that it was very good. With the continued Harry Potter expansion and lack of enthusiasm for this particular part of the park and its sad attraction and show. I fear that Mythos will probably be gone soon if they decide toeliminate The Lost Continent concept.  Maybe they can find a way to incorporate Mythos into a future Harry Potter expansion in some way.
They say theve been rated "#1 of Theme Park Restaurants for service". Service was HORRIBLE. It took over 40 mins to recieve our entree. Please do no blame that it got really busy. It is an amusement park, you should know how to handle it. Our waiter had also got our orders wrong too, and then she promised free desserts....to which they never came. In addition, she refilled our water with watered down Sprite...gross. She was lucky gratuity was included, because I would have gave a poor tip, just like the "#1 Service" .
the rumors are true. mythos is definitely one of if not the best amusement park restaurant. I came here 3 times in one week. $16.99 for tasty mash potatoes and perfectly cooked beef medallions? yes please! the only thing I was sad about was that they could not prepare their signature burger medium rare because of the pulled pork they put on top of it :( definitely the best place to eat while in islands of adventure!! you're wasting your time anywhere else. the food is tasty and reasonable and the restaurant decor is unique and the view is great :)
The Mythos drink is nice. Had the steak medallions, nothing great, by any means...Considering it reportedly has a high rating for food in theme parks. Forget the corn on the kids meal, it taste previously frozen and as if they let it sit in a pot of warm water all day to keep it ready for customers...taste like old water.
Came here with a friend for lunch. I ordered the chicken salad wrap and my friend ordered the Asian cashew salad. Overall, no real complaints with my chicken salad (although it was more wrap than chicken), but my friend asked for extra dressing twice and it wasn't delivered. We weren't offered more beverages, which is always a gripe of mine when my cup is empty. For theme park restaurants, this place is great. But for a restaurant on it's own, not amazing.
Voted best theme park restaurant 6 years in a row? By whom? The manager's mother? Certainly not for the service. Finally seated after a short wait. For a total of 8 minutes, no one came to get our drink orders. Meanwhile, two tables that were seated after us received their drinks, including a table comprised of some hoitey toitey yuppies in formal attire while we were dressed simply in t-shirts and shorts. We might be poor but my stomach does not see dollar signs. Right before we left someone told us our server would be with us shortly and asked us if we wanted any drinks. We informed her we were just going to leave. She asked us if we were sure as the food was good. Yea but the service sucks. Went over to Confisco Grille. Excellent service. Friendly staff.
When they say this place is the best theme park restaurant, they mean it! This place has absolutely earned it's honors! Out server went above and beyond, offering to take photos of our dining experience, the ambience and interior architecture is fabulous (it's like eating inside a cavern, with waterfalls and a whole mythical theme), and the food... I had the steak medallions and enjoyed them very thoroughly. A greenest meal (and to get those quality of cuts for only 16 bucks? Unheard of!!!). My friend had the crab sliders and also had no complaints. Just don't go on the Hogwarts ride after eating ;) All in all, a stupendous experience, and a pleasant surprise when we got the check!!! I've had worse meals for faaaar more!
For a restaurant that claims it's the best theme park restaurant in the world, the menu gravely disappoints. The wouldn't make top 200 in my town. The décor is cute and went over great with my mythology-loving 9 year old, but no one was impressed by anything they ate (in a party of 7!) I was disgusted by my food. They had a horrible time accommodating my milk allergy and served me an inedible pasta dish.
The first thing is make a reservation online the night before. We ended up being lucky and only waited a little bit for a table but this place is always busy. It's right near the entrance to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter in the mountainside. You can't miss it. My husband and I both had Pad Thia, which I guess is not on the menu anymore. The food was really good and I don't remember it being too pricey, but this was also in 2012. Interesting cave atmosphere inside. Cool water fountains etc. we enjoyed it!
Server was extremely nice and accommodating. He made sure the dishes I ordered were strictly vegetarians. They also had a vegan option! How awesome is that. We ordered the chefs specialty pizza along with the Mythos Pad Thai. Both were extremely delicious. The only flaw I would say is the pizza could use a tad less cheese. Aside from that, nice staff and great food. Not expensive either. Would definitely recommend for anyone visiting the Islands of Adventures.
For our tenth anniversary my hubby and I visited Orlando. During the planning I found more than one website that said to try Mythos in IOA. We were soooooo glad we did. This restaurant is very well themed. The floor is tiled with old world mosaics and the sconces in the bathroom were busts of Medusa. The view is fantastic and the wait staff is TOP NOTCH!! I ordered the mahi-mahi and my hubby ordered the salmon. The mahi-mahi was amazing!  The salmon was just good. We will definitely eat at here when we visit again.
What a fantastic place to eat!! I was so impressed... The service was awesome and the food was delicious, not to mention the prices were so reasonable for a theme park restaurant. I had the signature hamburger and it was perfect!! They also bring out fresh warm bread while you are waiting for your food.
Skip the bread and go straight for the meal! As a resident of Central Florida and frequent visitor of theme parks, I had low expectations for a gussied up version of theme park food. For a birthday celebration, I finally bit the bullet and made reservations at Mythos for lunch. The architecture and decor of the restaurant is mesmerizing--waterfalls outside the windows, a sandy cavern feel on the inside with fantastical shapes and carvings--it felt like a journey to Atlantis. Like I said, skip the bread. Nothing special, kind of dry, and not worth the space it takes up in your stomach. I ordered a salad with grilled chicken--usually a tepid selection, but this salad was flavorful, fresh, well assembled, and delicious! The chicken was well cooked, and much to my surprise, the salad was not overdosed in dressing. The Parmesan fries were also tasty--more than just cheese thrown on some fries. One of the most pleasant surprises was the price. One expects to be robbed at every theme park stand, kiosk, and eatery, but this place offered delicious food at a reasonable price. (Not to mention the 15% discount for pass holders) I will definitely visit here again!
Theme park restaurants are not known for being great, but I must day, this place was delicious. This place is the best theme park restaurant for overall value by far. In fact, my family agreed that we would dine here even if it didn't have the awesome decorations and wasnt located in IOA. The preparation was beautiful, the food was expertly made and the portions were amazing for the price, ambience, and taste. I highly recommend the beef medallions which is the small steaks with mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus and truffle butter. And got only $16.99? That's just unheard of at an amusement park! I can eat a good amount and I was barely adore to finish my meal :). All meals also come with complimentary unlimited rosemary bread and butter with an IOA logo passed in it. This is a great dining option if you want something a little nicer, AC and awesome theme dining. I will definitely come again. In fact, after my first try, my family immediately made reservations to come back the next day. I highly recommend this place. If you are from out of town, you need to eat here :)
Decided to pass on the typical buffet -style restaurants while visiting Universal Studios and spend a few extra bucks at Mythos. The menu offered a nice selection of salads/sandwiches and traditional entree's while our server, Terrell, was friendly and attentive, By the way, the staff was well-tuned and handled a busy room with ease.   My Roast Beef Panini with red pepper and pepperocinis was a slightly spicy alternative to the usual. My dining mate, who selected the Wild Mushroom Meatloaf (which arrived neatly stacked on Yukon Gold mashed potatoes), reported it was all tasty and well prepared. Both selections were well sized portions so you won't go away hungry. The restaurant looks like a underground cavern and is quite comfortable. And, I'm certain the absolutely spotless restrooms are likely the cleanest facilities in the park. You'll find a reasonably priced wine list and the best location in the park to enjoy a sit down meal with good service sheltered from the Florida heat.
Fun setting. Best waitstaff of the week. Pad Thai's highly recommended as is the chicken cordon blue sandwich. Magi-mani did not taste fresh. Kitchen VERY accommodating on menu changes!
Great food and not just "for a theme park"! Pad Thai was great as was the risotto! Appetizer spanecopeda and fresh bread was tasty too. All with a glass of wine and a great view of the theme park made for a fabulous lunch. Prices were good too. Make reservations and there is no wait. Well worth the few extra bucks rather than having an overpriced hot dog.
We had reservations for 3:45 but arrived early at 3:10 and were seated at 3:25. The service was a little slow but friendly. My fiancé and I both orders the Sangria Spritzer for $6. It was the weakest sangria I've ever had. It was watered down sweet fruit punch. I couldn't even finish it. We did mention it to our waiter & he said he had another table say the same thing. He offered to get us another but we stuck with water. We ordered the flatbread as an app, side salads (I had the spinach salad with blueberries & he had the Caesar) & entrees (beef medallions & hamburger with pulled port/coleslaw on top. The service was strange because our salads came out first & were just dropped off by a runner. We looked for our server to ask why the salads came first. He stopped by when we were finished with the salads & I asked why they came out before the appetizer. He said that he put them in first because the would be up first. Strange. Once the flatbread came out and it was delish! Our entrees were average. Both were slightly overdone. The medallions medium but ordered med rare & the burger medium well when ordered medium. We didn't complain. I think both of us were just tired after a long day of walking around Islands of Adventure. I don't think I'd spend the time/money again to eat here. I would, however, get the pizza at the Jurassic Park Pizza Preditoria. It was surprisingly amazing...handmade brick oven style.
Outstanding food and incredible service! Worth the wait. Although our appetizers took a little while to arrive, the manager (Aaron) comped them which was really great. The crab cake sliders were outstanding as well. If you are going to eat in the park, this is place to go for a nice sit down meal.
Who knew you could eat so well in a theme park. In a word this place is excellent. As many have said the restaurant is decorated like the inside of a cave; there is even a small river which you cross to get to your table. All this makes for a great atmosphere but without the bulk of say a rainforest cafe. The kitchen is clearly visible from most of the tables and this is a nice bonus for those that like to see how clean the kitchen is. Food - I had the signature burger and the lady had the cordon bleu sandwich. They were both great but the burger was the clear winner and I would highly recommend it. They brought fresh bread to the table while we waited for the food and that was warm and tasty. Service - Mike, our waiter, was awesome and had great recommendations and feedback on the menu items. The food came extremely quickly after we ordered.  (possibly due to it bring around 3pm) Prices - The prices were extremely reasonable and either on par or just slightly more than the other dining options in the park. Having now eaten here it doesn't surprise me one bit that this is the top rated theme park restaurant. I would strongly recommend anyone visiting Islands of Adventure stop by Mythos; I certainly will be coming again on my next visit.
We ate at Mythos inside Universal's Island of Adventure. It is a well air conditioned sit down restaurant. Apparently it has won best restaurant at a theme park for the past 6 years. It was good solid food but not omg so good. The Cesar salad was really good, nice light dressing. I had the Mediterranean chicken wrap which was good. My husband had the roast need panini which he really liked. My daughter had the kids cheese pizza which she said was really good. It was a pretty big pizza. It was nice to sit, cool off and relax in the middle of the day.
This place looks really neat on inside and has a really nice set up! Looks like a restaurant built in a fancy cave. The staff here was very friendly and we were seated near the door for the outside seating area. Our waiter was an older gentlemen but he was so sweet and attentive to our table. The bread was ok--the after taste for it wasn't the greatest but I was so hungry from all the walking at universal that it did the trick. The menu here isn't to big, but better than eating the processed food at the park. I order a chicken salad. The grilled chicken was just ok, a little dry but the salad did the trick--again walking around the park all day made me hungry! My husband ordered a pizza which was actually really good ( I don't think that was the hunger talking but I am for sure it tasted better than my salad). If you are looking for a nice restaurant to eat at and take a break from the amusement fun this is your spot. Don't expect a huge menu, but do expect a friendly staff and a nice looking restaurant.
So much better than most theme park food, so it gets an extra star. Instead of quick window fried food, you can sit, have free unlimited ice water (imagine!) yummy bread and a decent lunch, all while getting out of the sun and crowds for a while. Salads are fresh and delicious, waitstaff is accommodating. Highly recommend but make a reservation.
Went here with the family and had a lovely time. Cool, well themed interior was very kid friendly. Menu was extensive and offered kids menu. Our server was very nice and wasn't put off that we ordered a bunch of appetizers and not an entree. Definitely my second favorite theme park restaurant.
I was hungry, I hate carrying around food or eating crap at a theme park so when Mythos appeared right when I was looking it seemed like a sign. I was there in February on a Thursday so the restaurant was empty, but during the summer I'd definitely want a reservation. The basic menu covered all the bases, then they had a risotto of the day, pasta of the day, and some other special.  The risotto was beef and mushrooms...two of my favorite foods.  I was not asked my temperature preference so the beef was cooked a little more than I'd prefer.  Maybe I could have sent it back, but I was hungry and it wasn't overcooked, just medium well when I prefer medium rare.   Great service and not nearly as expensive as I had thought. The bathroom tile was a little trippy to me though.  I don't know why, but it made me a bit dizzy until I focused elsewhere.
This is the fanciest restaurant within the Islands of Adventure Theme Park, so if you're trying to impress someone, this is your only option. We had no one to impress, and we only came here because of the rave reviews. I ordered the cheeseburger and paid extra for their parmesan fries (instead of plain). The service was great. The food was above average for a burger. My cousin had the steak, which he thought was great. They also have complimentary bread with universal studios butter (see pic). Too funny!
"#1 THEME PARK RESTAURANT IN THE WORLD!" How this title was kept for 6 years(in a row) is a mystery to me. Maybe I'm being a bit harsh, maybe I'm not. My idea of a #1 theme park restaurant will not only be the food and atmosphere, but the staff as well. Because that is what keeps you coming back, right? Now, let me get back to the point- There was a wait, not a big deal; it was expected. It wasn't too long, as we came to the parks on a cold rainy day. We were seated and maybe 10 minutes later were greeted by our server. She took our drink and food orders. (the menu, in my opinion, seems a bit incomplete... Not a whole lot and well, I was unable to order half the items due to nut allergies) She brought our drinks and couldn't tell which was water or sprite. So what she did do was grab a straw to start mixing it around for bubbles. REALLY?! She left the straw that she grabbed in the drinks too. I was just speechless.   Our soups came out quickly. I ordered the Tuscan Tomato and my sister ordered the Mushroom. Both very good, but only half the bowl had soup... The bread rolls were out slowly after that. And that was the end of our waitress... Another server taking care of a table close to us began asking if we needed a refill of our drinks. Our food came out... It was decent. The only thing worth coming back for is the beef medallions. Now we were ready for our check and we thought, "what a mission this will be!" As our waitress had not been seen. But a last! She mysteriously came out to give us our check and stood around for us to finish. Maybe I'd come back, maybe I won't. I'm just unsure of this place. Mostly because I had very high expectations and I was let down miserably.
The food was pretty good and it was nice to get out if the heat and have lunch while taking a break from theme park touring. The prices weren't that much more than the counter service restaurants and the perk was having a waiter to refill drinks and bring our food to us.
I have to give this restaurant props. For a themed restaurant the food was good. Excellent location and service was on par with a high end non-theme park restaurant. Pricing was good and we had excellent seating without reservations.
All things considered probably one of the better dining options when visiting Universal Islands of Adventure. Here you can eat like "a human being" versus other dining options where you're moved like cattle forced to pick at overpriced menus while looking for an open table in the middle of chaos. Here you're seated and given time to review the menu before placing your order. Yes - this is a comfortable restaurant situated in "The Lost Continent" Island. Adults may enjoy a nice glass of wine (Kendall Jackson Chardonnay is available) if desired. Menu offers wraps, salads, burgers, and fish options. My wife tried the fish tacos while I had the chicken salad wrap. Both were fine - what was to be expected (which isn't top of the line dining). Service was polite and prompt. A knife given was unclean and had to be exchanged. As adult visitors with no kids we were pleased.
This is an excellent choice for a decent sit-down-and-be-served meal when you're visiting Islands of Adventure. My husband and I stopped in here based on a recommendation from my sister.  He and I had rode the HP Forbidden Journey ride a little before-hand and I was feeling kind of sick.  I wanted to sit down, cool off, and get something in my stomach. We actually had a reservation for 12:30 but we walked in around 11:15 and we were seated just a few minutes later.   The restaurant was pretty empty still but if filled up quickly around noon.   The inside of this place is really cool.  Despite being inside of a cave-like structure, it was very open and airy inside.  There were nice views of the water and the Marvel side from where we were sitting. The brought us drinks and a bread basket almost immediately.  Our waiter was really chatty and nice.  He congratulated us multiple times when we said we were on our honeymoon.  He even chatted with us about Harry Potter.   The food was really good.  My husband and I both ordered the chicken cordon blue (bleu?) sandwich with parmesan fries.  The sandwich was delicious.  My husband said it out-sandwiched all other sandwiches for him.   The fries were really good also -- when they say you can make them parmesan fries for 50 cents more -- they mean they will dump a pile of parmesan cheese (the powdery kind) on top.  But, they were still good!   This place was reasonably priced.  It was nice to be able to sit down and be served.  I'd definitely eat here again. I was checking out other dishes as they were brought to other tables -- everything looked and smelled amazing.
If the food weren't actually decent, I'd give Mythos a 1 for service - my experience was not good... Short and sweet: food is hit or miss delicious, prices are reasonable, service is AWFUL. Known as the "number one theme park restaurant in the world" due to serving real restaurant quality food, I wanted to try. How it can say that compared to one or two of Epcot's restaurants though....no idea. You have to make a reservation - and on top of the long wait, if your whole party isn't standing there when they call you, you lose your place. With a group of 8, that sucks. We couldn't do anything but wait for 45 minutes in case we were called. Not cool. And then, one member of our party was on the phone with his parents and the server insisted he get off to seat all of us. They were incredibly rude about it. Still, at this point we're starving. It's inside a man made grotto and constantly plays sleep inducing music with waterfalls. Probably great for people with kids who need soothing. I started to hate it after my hour long wait for food because a third of our group had, literally, fallen asleep. Because yes, we had to wait OVER AN HOUR for food. In theme park time, that's a lot. Plus the 45 minutes we'd spent waiting for a table, plus the 20 minutes it took our server to take our order. Our server was not helpful, always disappeared on us; no other server stopped in to check on us during that hour wait and they were rude when we pointed out how long we were waiting. The food though was good - some things were just okay like the meatloaf and the pad Thai. The beef medallions were really delicious, although the mashed potatoes were not. Prices were lower than I was expecting (average $15 per entree). Definitely better than any other food in the park! We ended up with a group of six (2 left because of the ridiculous wait) and they charged an 18% gratuity due to a "large party". I find that horrible when the service we received deserved NO tip. However the servers mysteriously disappeared after dropping the check (yet again) so there was no adjusting it. Such a bad experience. I can't even imagine all that waiting with kids who want to go on rides unless they're asleep. Good luck parents and hungry tourists. This place is SLOW and RUDE.
Wow! This place looked amazing, the food was fine but the service was excellent. My steak was a little tough but palatable and her fish was great. I'd come back for the service and ambiance.
Awesome!!!!! What a gem. Prompt service, nice food. World class facility with fountains, nominal charges just go guys. This place is the best I have ever been to. We had blackened fish tacos, pizza, Thai chicken and shrimp. All were so good. Highly recommended beacause of the premium location and great food nice service
Our waiter Eric was absolutely AMAZING in every way! Will be definitely coming back just because of him! Anything we needed, he did it and then some! The food was amazing! Especially surprised with how Eric got everything right even with 6 picky people! Atmosphere was awesome. Everything was perfect and relaxing after a long day at the park!
We went here in early September during vacation. This wouldn't be 5 star if it were not in a theme park but that doesn't mean it wasn't a great meal. The cost was completely reasonable. The design is pretty amazing and it has some nice views if you get the right seats. I think one of the keys to us enjoying this place so much was that we came at the right time. We didn't have to wait or make reservations and our waitress wasn't overwhelmed with a full dining area. This made the service very fast and attentive. We had the beef medallions and they were wonderful. We used our time not just to eat but to cool off and rehydrate before heading back out to the parks. There was no rush to leave because of the well timed visit. I would definitely return here in the future. Nothing I've been to in a park even remotely compares to this.
Amazing!!!! I had the risotto and I have traveled and ate a lot of food and it was amazing!!! Husband had the roast beef penni and also loved it. Don't get burger at a place like this. Do the quality unique food. Chef is amazing. Let him show off his quality dishes.
The ambiance is very cool, plus it was nice to get away from the crowds especially because we were there with our 6 month old. The food was good but not fantastic. I had the risotto and it was a bit salty. My husband had the tenderloin and he liked it but the portion was quite small. Overall it was a nice break but not exactly fine dining type cuisine.
Great service. Terrible Pad Thai Not traditional pad thai AT ALL! Yuck! My friend had the Signature burger and he loved it. He also had the warm chocolate cake with peanut butter ice cream and bananas...I am not sure if you could mess that up! LOL I convinced my friend eating at a place like this was MUCH better than eating out at the fast food places in the park. They also give you free drink refills and a to-go cup if requested as well as a warm basket of bread.
Okay had no idea a theme park could hold the title for the best pad Thai and chocolate cake I have ever had. You seriously need to come here if you ever come to he park. Best place there is. Beyond beautiful atmosphere.
I was really hyped to try this place because it's been voted the best theme park restaurant over and over. It was actually just OK.  But I will agree that it's best sit down theme park eatery in the park at Universal, but then there's not much to compete with. I ordered the Parisian cheese fries with a bacon cheese burger.  Then I read the YELP reviews and changed my order to regular fries. The service was EXCELLENT, but the waiter did see my YELP app open, so he may have tried extra hard.  I'd like to think he was just an excellent waiter.   He did forget to take the fifty cent extra charge for Parisian cheese off our ticket, but I'm not going to complain or even hold it against him (it was my fault for changing my order midstream). My burger and fries were top notch.  I didn't get a "higher class" meal because we generally eat out after park closes and I didn't want to get too full. The kitchen is of an open design so you can see the cooks making everything fresh.  So if you are picky about your food I would recommend walking in before making a reservation and watching them cook.  Lots of people (not eating there) walk around the place checking out the cool inside design. The star of the meal however was when I took a bite of my son's pizza (only available on the kid's menu).  It was cooked in a brick oven and was the BEST thin slice pizza I've ever had.  I was expecting something horrible (like what generally comes with Kid's meals) but this was really good.  I will admit that I prefer thick crust pizza, but on the other hand... if I really liked it, it must be good. I left the waiter a good size tip, then after I left I realized that I didn't use my 20% premiere pass discount.  So don't forget that many passes come with discounts at restaurants (but not at free standing food stands). I would recommend this place if you are in the park and want a nice sit down meal.
Food better than quick service outlets in the park. Service is just okay. Long wait outside when there are a lot of empty tables inside. Cordon Bleu sandwich was pretty good. Mythos Burger was pretty awesome, according to my daughter.
The best food I've ever eaten in a theme park. That being said, I've never eaten in the World Showcase at Epcot so it's hard to compare. My beef medallions were absolutely delicious. As good as any "real" restaurant I've been to. My wife's salad with chicken was good, but not great. But here Sangria was fantastic. My son did not like his mac and cheese. A little too high end for him. He just wants Kraft... The prices were really normal restaurant prices. I was expecting a big markup for being in the park but they weren't. The atmosphere was fantastic. Kind of like being in a well lit cave. That sounds bad. But it was very nice. Really. Definitely recommend this place. And they take OpenTable reservations. Definitely use that!
Food was great for a theme park. Sat outside. Had the meatloaf, tasted great and plenty of it. Wife had the mahi mahi and said it was very good. She's very picky with her fish. Service was great. Server Jerry was excellent and very friendly.
Eating at theme parks is tricky if you have special dietary needs.  It would be great if more theme park concessions and restaurants recognized this and expanded their menus.  Luckily, we got a great server and apparently a great chef on our visit to Mythos in Universal Studios Islands of Adventure.   The restaurant, first of all, is gorgeous.  The exterior and entrance have a cave-like feel, but the interior is open and airy, with a few of some of the rides visible through the floor-to-ceiling windows.  My boyfriend explained our dietary needs, and after a bit of discussion, the server had the chef make me a gorgeous and yummy veggie wrap with a quinoa side.  My boyfriend got a lovely individual pizza with veggies. The server was friendly and a bit chatty--but we didn't mind.  He was efficient as well. I do hope the restaurant puts the veggie wrap on the menu as an item.  It would be a great addition for veg*an diners and those hoping for a healthier meal (yes, even on vacation!).
No doubt the best theme park restaurant food I have ever had. Not saying much but it's better than the generic park food. No brainer to eat in here to keep away from the scorching heat outside. Even if it wasn't in the theme park, it's a place you should go check out because of the nice setting inside with it's open spacing but also the food is terrific. Suggestion is to make your reservation online as it gets packed here during lunch. Prices are about the same as if you get food from the stands so why not just have a nice place to sit down and enjoy your food. Don't bother with buying food anywhere else in the park and take a few pictures outside.
Ok, to start, I note this is indeed a unique and interesting looking dining expereince for a theme park, especially a Universal theme park which are not perticularly known for outstanding table service restaurants (must go to Disney parks for that), I will give Universal props for at least scoring points with the unique cave-like dining room with fountains and other unique features that will keep you glancing around and soaking in the beauty or whatever you want to call it. Now, with the physical attributes of the restaurant set aside, unfortuneatly Mythos is nothing more than an overpriced mediocre restaurant with poor quality food and spotty service. I find it hard to believe that the restaurant boasts a "#1 Theme Park Restaurant" banner at the main entrance, there must be something wrong with this claim. I ordered a "Mythos Burger" or something to that nature, and was presented with a luke-warm flavorless meat patty with basic toppings and a cold bun, this is sad considering the fact that the burgers served at the self-service quick service restaurants elsewhere at Universal parks taste ten times better and are at least half the price of this glorified dish. To top the icing on the cake, the burger served with a side of seasoned fries sprinkled with what looked and tasted like canned parmesan cheese sold at grocery stores, nothing of quality by any standards as boasted on the menu. On future visits to Universal parks I will skip the sit down restaurants, I hate to be bias, but save the sit-down dining experience for the Disney parks which have much better table service restaurants.
Enjoyed our meal...viktor was an excellent server. I highly recommend the meatloaf. Friends had the burgers and they both enjoyed them.
As the title suggests, they have this claim to fame on their entrance. The decor immediately draws you in as you enter the cavernous restaurant and is definitely one of the best I have seen in a theme park. Sadly the food is far from great and far from fine dining. My Parmesan fries came out loaded with canned Parmesan which rendered them inedible. The chicken burger had about 5 times to much cheese which just added insult to injury after the Parmesan fries fiasco. The pad Thai that my wife ordered fared a little better with some fried onion providing a nice textural component. The sangria had plenty of kick and was balanced well. Overall it was a fairly poor meal lifted by a nice drink, service and entertaining decor. Food 4/10 service 6.5/10 decor 8.5/10
Best theme park restaurant? I guess if you compare it to the dumpy food stands found every where in the park that serve hot dogs, pretzels, and soda. Since reviews were fairly good, I made reservations for noon. My girlfriend and I get there at noon and we are handed a buzzer. What is the point of reservations if you have to wait 10 minutes? We get seated and the restaurant is very nice with a great decor and atmosphere. My gf orders the mushroom soup and the pad thai. I get the fish tacos. The waitstaff brings out rosemary bread/butter and this was good, but nothing to write home about. The soup was pretty good as well. Out came the entrees and this is where the disappointment came. I wasn't expecting authentic pad thai, but the pasta was more like a mushy paste. The fish tacos were dry and over salted. I've had better pad thai from thai kitchen in the supermarket and better fish tacos when I wing it at home. For the value I would have rather my had a $5 hot dog. I give it 2 stars based on the ambiance and the soup and bread was edible.
This is definitely one of the best restaurants in the park and my go to place for when I want to eat inside Islands of Adventure. You can use open table to make a reservation.  Sometimes the wait can get up to 45 minutes long!  Therefore I suggest making one, just to be on the safe side.  When we were there on a Sunday there was no wait, but it was still pretty busy at noon.  We originally had a reservation for 11:30 a.m., but were waiting in line for a ride.  It was no problem making a call to push it back half an hour.   The decor is a little over the top, but makes sense in a theme park.  I don't know about other people, but I froze inside there.  They had the air conditioning on full blast.  It was really sunny and hot when we walked in, so the first couple minutes felt great, but I thought I was going to freeze after that.  I was still cold when we walked outside, because it had become overcast.  It was that cold, that I felt chilled in the summer, outside, in Florida. After we ordered we waited a long time for food.  Usually I do not expect to wait over 25 minutes when we are at an amusement park.  It seemed like even longer, because we were starving.  They do give you Rosemary Bread, which was warm, but otherwise nothing stood out about it.   I got the Cordon Bleu Grilled Chicken Sandwich with Parmesan fries.  The chicken was nice and tender.  I would have liked more honey mustard sauce, so I requested more.  Honestly, it tasted like there was none on it.  I would suggest skipping the Parmesan fries.  All it is is normal fries with parmesan cheese shook on top.  Nothing else.  My fiance got the Mythos Signature Hamburger and absolutely loved it.  He wants to put pulled pork on every hamburger he makes now.   This really is the place to go when you want a nice sit down meal in the middle of the chaos of running around an amusement park.
This is hands down the best theme park restaurant I have ever been to!  If this restaurant was outside of a theme park people would still be lining up!  The food was spectacular and the prices were very reasonable.  I made reservations a few weeks in advanced and still had to wait about 30 minutes when walk ins had a 45 minute wait.  I didn't like that too much but whatever i'm a patient man for good food.  If your in the Island of Adventure and are tired of the theme park grub give this place a try.  Oh did I mention the atmosphere is incredible!!  If you are a father and want to get some kick ass father and husband points book a reservation at this place your family will love you for it!!
Stopped in for an early lunch and we were quickly seated. I thought the menu was limited. It's definitely been updated since the last time I was in Universal, but it could really use some lighter options. I ordered the grilled chicken cordon bleu sandwich and it was okay, nothing spectacular. The service was horrible! Our awful waiter was a nightmare, and didn't even attempt to hide his bad mood. My MIL asked for extra lemons for her tea and you would have thought she demanded he personally squeeze each wedge into her glass! No changes could be made to any menu item, he said everything is "pre-made and then frozen until needed". Yikes. Well, that's a shame.
Definitely a place to have lunch. The Spanikopita was excellent.  Service was superb, Mike (NY) was our server. Food came out at proper temp and the presentation was fantastic.
It was so nice to get away from park food.  Located right outside of Harry Potter land, it was right off the water and gave you the feeling of being removed from the park while giving a great view.  The decorations were intense and borderline tacky which I find perfectly acceptable inside of a theme park.  The place had big beautiful windows where you could see a lot of the park over the water.   The FREE bread was nice and I ordered the pad thai which was good.  Basically anything without grease would have been great at that point.  About $12 for good food sounded more than fair when I spent at least $8 for gross food for most of the trip.   We also had the flourless chocolate banana cake which was really delicious.  Definitely my favorite part of the meal.  I left feeling crazy full, and yet not completely broke.  Food was good, but experience was great.
Good pad Thai! The rest of the family had sandwiches. Very busy! I made reservations but when I checked in, they lost our reservation shortly after we checked in. Ugh! Our waitress was speedy and nice, she thanked us for being kind, instead of grumpy. Keep that in mind!
Over priced for okay food. Food is only decent could have been cheaper. Service was ok. Parmesan fries not worth it they just sprinkle Parmesan on top of regular fries nothing special.
I wonder what the guidelines are for being voted "best theme park restaurant"? 1) Be a restaurant 2) Be located in a theme park My conclusion after many days eating at theme parks in Florida is that the bar is pretty low for theme park restaurants in general.     There are a few notable exceptions off property at resorts at Disneyworld (Sanna, Jiko, Ohana, a couple of fine spots at Epcot) but otherwise, most customers are desperately looking for a meal that is fairly priced and that is not fried, without fried stuff on the side (or blitzed, flavorless veggies) where they feel reasonably okay eating it, and 30 minutes afterwards they do not feel that they've made a terrible mistake. For that, Mythos is fine.  The atmosphere is interesting, its set in a theme-parkey cave ala Zeus and Mount Olympus.  I ordered a decent tuna carpaccio salad that came with some dry rosemary bread with a very generous portion of sweet butter and glass of wine. This is kind of the chubacabra of theme park dining  --a meal that would be considered barely mediocre anywhere else, that is fairly priced, somewhat healthy, and has decent atmosphere.  Keep expectations in line.  This is not a memorable meal  --in fact, I can't remember what anyone else ordered while we were there.  The salad was a fine order though, and service was efficient and well-meaining. My recommendation, order a salad or something reasonably healthy, book on Open Table, and be grateful that you are not eating another round of chicken nuggets.
We enjoyed our first meal here very much. Our boys enjoyed their traditional burgers. They weren't exceptional or anything, but they were good.  My Mahi Mahi was a very nice sized piece, well cooked and flavored. It came on top of mashed red potatoes, topped with sautéed spinach. My husband really liked his beef medallions that came with regular mashed potatoes. The Mediterranean tomato soup tasted like spaghetti sauce with a lot of grated cheese. Oh, we also ordered the flatbread appetizer which was very good.
Really good! We were seated in a 15 minutes and our waiter was really nice. I was happy with everything I ordered and so was my hubby. make sure to make a reservation beforehand online.
Located inside Islands of Adventure.  Read online that it has been awarded as one of the best restaurants to dine in; inside the theme park. I didn't make reservations, but was one of the first people to walk in when it opened. Ordered the freshly made cream mushroom soup and B had the tomato soup.  For our entree, we had the meat loaf and the vegetarian pad thai. This restaurant had Siracha, so it felt just like home! Service was a bit slow and we didn't know who our server was. We had to flag a few people in order to take our order. Def had good food and will return. Who wants to just eat burgers, fries and hot dogs all the time?!  Glad there are nice restaurants in the theme parks.
You walk in and you see this big banner that says "Voted Best Theme Park Restaurant" for the last 6 years or something ridiculous. I'm sure the bar is set pretty low, but this place is the real deal. It's right in the middle of the "Lost World" section of Islands of Adventure and when you walk in you can't help but notice the unique design of the restaurant. You have a view over the lagoon and there are rivers and ponds and waterfalls flowing throughout the whole restaurant. The menu is impressive for a theme park lunch and they even have gluten free options designated. The gluten free chicken pad thai was amazing and the chicken cashew Asian salad was interesting, but not nearly as good as the pad thai. Service was a little slower than it should have been or else I would've given this 5 stars. This place is definitely worth a visit if you're at Islands of Adventure, particularly if you have a gluten allergy.
Service and food was wonderful. I had the house special risotto and my wife and kids had good food as well. Both of my picky children said they would go back.
My husband and I had a great experience at Mythos. The air-conditioning and "underwater" atmosphere were a really great respite from the mid-afternoon sun and crowds at IOA, and it was nice to escape into a nicer dining experience in the midst of a theme park day. We were greeted warmly and seated very promptly for our 1pm reservation. I noted my husband's food allergies when I made the reservation and the Mythos staff were top notch at making sure that he could eat safely, and well. I had the burger, which was perfect an accompanied by very good fries. My husband had the fish tacos and said that they were the best meal he'd had all week. Our server was clearly busy, but extremely efficient and friendly. I'd recommend Mythos to anyone.
I wouldn't recommend coming here unless you have plenty of time to spare. The food was really good but the waitress was so slow that we ended up wasting two hours here that we could have spent enjoying the park. This would have been at least a four star review if the service hadn't been so lacking. Also, I'm pretty sure I never saw a single staff member smile the entire time we were there!
Terrific setting as you are eating good in a cave like grotto. Compared to the normal dreck food offerings in the theme parks this is four star to me. Mythos is not really a Greek inspired menu but a mish mosh of everthing - American, Thai, Mediterranean, a few other ethnic plates, along with salads, soups,appetizers, desserts, etc. I found the prices are very reasonable for this type of menu, especially in a theme park. They also offer cocktail and beer selections. I had the blackened mahi mahi, which came on top of a bed of baked sweet plantains, and a cream sauce. Pretty delicious though it was all an odd pairing. Mom had the mushroom soup and shrimp cocktail and enjoyed both. A basket of warm rosemary bread with butter was also placed on the table. Beats the heck out of eating another hamburger, chicken fingers, or slice of pizza. They also have a Drink of Month that is $5 - Bay Breeze when I was here. Nice deal and good drink. What really set this apart is the setting and service. We had made reservations for 5:30 and even though running late they seating us promptly. The service was great, and very professional. Friendly and attentive waitress. Food came out quick and hot. The place itself is actually quite wonderful looking as you are eating in a giant cave like atmosphere with water running inside. Mythic creatures and faces are carved into the walls of the cave. Very cool architecture and almost reminds me of a Vegas like theme restaurant, but relaxed and soothing compared to the crowds outside.
A tale from the Legendary Sacred Scrolls of Cypriana.... LORD ZEUS. RULER OF ALL....needed an eatery like none other. He came down from his mighty thrown atop Mt. Olympia to create a land, made of rock and lightning. The common people said "But mighty Zeus, HOW will we create such a place?!"   "You will create it from ME. Deep within my bellows, i will bore you a restaurant like no other! It will be made of the finest stone in all the land! It will have cascading waterfalls with the sweet honey of my loins. You will serve GRAPES! Because grapes of course are the most exotic fruit known to MAN.  And you will place a MIGHTY banner! Yes! A HUGE banner in my honor, and so that all mankind can know of its granduer, it shall say "BEST THEME PARK RESTAURANT IN THE WORLD." And people will come from every corner of the world to worship and praise my generosity!" So then, the Mighty Zeus, farted out Mythos. The restaurant to the Gods.
On a recent trip to Universal, my family of 15 had reservations to eat at 5:30. The food was good, but not outstanding.  Not sure who voted this the best theme restaurant, but I have had better.  The service was slow and confusing due to some having the dining plan and others paying cash. Our server made $100 automatic gratuity being that we were a large party.  I would recommend separating into smaller parties for a better experience.  Overall a waste of park time, it took 2 hours.
Overpriced hype about being the best theme park food.  This place is NOT Greek, don't let the name fool you.  Unique menu, nonetheless, which I believe changes frequently.  Had the marinated beef panini w/ Parmesan fries and the blueberry/pistachio rubbed pork tenderloin w/ port sauce.  It took quite some time to come (20-30 minutes) which seems like forever in an amusement park.  We munched on free rosemary bread in the meantime, which was good.   The beef in the panini was flavorful but chewy, and the bread was choppy and caused the sandwich to fall apart while eating it.  The fries were pretty bland, except for the bits of Parmesan on top.  I was really disappointed to see they were mushy fries simply smattered with Parmesan you find in the big green can in the grocery store that doesn't even need to be refrigerated.   The pork tenderloin was just, a little off to me.  I think the port + blueberry combination was overwhelming, and the pork itself a bit dry.  The attending veggies and mac n cheese were rather good though.  The mini apple streusel shot was a reasonable attempt at a good dessert.  The hardened whipped cream put me off only a bit. Not worth the time and money.  Head for the greasy corndogs or funnel cakes, you know amusement parks can do those right.
After seeing that it had been rated best Theme Park restaurant WORLDWlDE, l had to try it. We went in and were surprised at how pretty it was, just gorgeous.  (Too cold - what is it about Florida restaurants being FRlGlD?) The food is excellent, l have been there various times and the quality is consistently good.  Everyone in the group agreed, they really liked their food.   Portions are ok, and its definitely not cheap, but l am a Miami girl so the prices are what we would consider "normal" ($11 -$20 an entree).   Service - good.  Food - good.  Fun place! lf you are at Universal studios it is well worth it..
Way over-rated. Please when you go there, do NOT get their sushi dish. I've never seen so much rice piled into one roll with little pieces of what's supposed to be the best part of any type of sushi. I really don't remember what I had but what ever it was, I know enough that since it hasn't stuck in my mind and I don't even re-call the dish nor any other dish my friends had, it's proof right there I wasn't wowed and not worth the money to go back. I'll stick to the other eateries in the park.
I wouldn't say this is the "BEST THEME PARK FOOD" as they claim to be.  It's interesting food, the services is - okay - and their last seating for dinner is at 6:30pm. Very bizarre, but cool atmosphere.  If you're in Islands of Adventure I would recommend this over the turkey leg in Jurassic Park ... ha, but would still send you to City Walk or one of the Hotels for a better dining experience.
I had to make a reservation to eat here when I read everywhere that it was the best theme park restaurant! After eating there, I have to see that I did enjoy the food and atmosphere. Bread & Butter - Standard but yummy.  Tomato, Basil, Mozzarella Flat Bread - $7.50 was our appetizer. Very filling and very cheesy, loved it! I had the Risotto of the Day which was 15.95, pretty pricey, but I enjoyed it very much. I could have done without quite so much sauce at the bottom. For dessert, we each had a dessert shot...Chocolate Mousse was mine and I liked it okay but it wasn't amazing. I don't like the dessert shot trend that started a few years ago and I'm glad it's dying down. All in all, good meal and highly recommended if you're at Universal. Do not eat anywhere but here or Finnegan's in the park. Everything else at Universal is disgusting! :)
1:42 pm. my wife and I have been to Mythos enough times to understand what make this such a highly rated establishment. The decor is like being in a cave and I do have to make a comment on the chairs. They each weigh at least 50-60 pounds. Comfortable, but don't expect to scoot them once you are seated. This restaurant is inside Islands of Adventure, so it is very high on the theming. My recomendation is to go here for the unique dishes. You will be disappointed if you order a burger - If that's what your looking for, head out to Hard Rock in City Walk. I've had the Ahi Tuna and the Noodle bowl, both were very good. Mythos serves their own beer called appropriately, Mythos. It's a Heineken style beer (what some friends of mine call a "Skunk Beer") It's not bad, I like Peroni better for this style of beer, but worth a try if you like the style. It is a bit pricy, but if you stay with the unique dishes, it's worthy of the price. If you only spend a day or two at Universal, I might skip this. If you are on a more leasurely trip it's worth a try. Finally, you may want to skip it with kids unless you are willing to spend a bunch on chicken fingers.
I was pretty excited to try this place out and had heard good reviews. The restaurant itself is amazing! Love the way it's set up! I ordered the risotto of the day and a side of Parmesan fries. The fries were bland. Honestly, mcdonalds fries had more flavor. The risotto dish was very small - maybe a 1/4 cup of rice and 4 small pieces of steak w asparagus. It wasn't like the pictures at all. And the flavor was off for me. The rosemary bread was dry and we waited for over an hour for our food after we ordered. After waiting 45 min to get a table, 2 hours for food was not fun. My friend got the filet w mashed potatoes. The potatoes were good. But how hard can it be to mess those up? I will probably try again and hope for better service and food but was not impressed with my first visit. Overall, the food at Universal is pretty dismal...
For a theme park, this restaurant was top notch. Completely at the opposite end of the food spectrum from burgers and hot dogs. We waited about 30 min for a table, but had complimentary lemon water while we waited :) Inside was gorgeous. The only way to experience is to go, because pictures don't do it justice. Our group of seven was seated a huge booth, though we were still a little squished like sardines. Complimentary bread (yum) and an overly happy waitress. We couldn't tell if that was her personality, or if she was mocking us for saying we were from Texas. lol I don't know. I ordered the Roman Panini with parmesan fries (extra .50 for parmesan) and it was okay. Something I could have probably made at home. Ketchup came in side containers (ooooh fancy) but for our table, we probably just needed the bottle. For desert, we decided to try the minis. They were delicious. I loved the tartness of the key lime pie. When time came for the bill, the manager actually came over and said she compt all our desserts because she felt bad that we had to be squished in the booth. While we were extremely grateful for that, it brought problems down the road. Turns out that since there were so many compts on the bill, it couldn't be split. She could do separate cards and cash, but couldn't give us separate tickets. So, we had to do the math ourselves and tell her how much to put on each card. In the end, it worked out okay and if this were a restaurant that wasn't inside a theme park, I would probably only give them 3 stars because the food wasn't spectacular. The atmosphere and service makes up for it.
We had an hour and a half til our cab was to take us to the airport. We went to Mythos and were told the wait was 30 minutes. We took a shot and waited. Here's a rundown of everything: -We were seated in only 20 minutes and the hostess got our server quickly, who then quickly took our order. -The bread you get is not very good. Taste is average and very hard to spread butter on. -The food came out in average time. Not too quick, but not long either. -I had the beef medallions and the fiancé had the signature burger. The medallions were wonderfully cooked to medium (some parts medium rare) which was perfect. So juicy, tender, and flavorful. I liked the combination of mashed potatoes and onion strings. Mashed potatoes needed to be salted, which I'm ok with because I know everyone has different salt preferences. -The signature burger was also good. Not great though. I think there was a lot going on and the individual components were lost in the mix. Tasted like a plain burger with bbq sauce. I couldn't taste the pulled pork, cheese, onions, etc. -Plates were quickly removed and check was easily taken care of in time for us to hit the ATM and get to our cab! Considering the fact that our bill came out to $37 including tip, I was pleased. For two entrees, table service, the great vibe and service? That's awesome for a theme park restaurant!
Reasons I will come back to Mythos:   -They bring your table rosemary bread and butter to start.   -The atmosphere is very fun and cave-like.   -The service was great.  Took a while to bus the empty glasses off of the table.   -Food was well priced and the portion was healthy. I had the Roman Panini with the Parmesan fries.  The sandwich was not so much a Panini but a baked sandwich. There was no usage of a Panini grill.  Don't get me wrong because I enjoyed it very much, but it was kind of like false advertising... Overall, I truly enjoyed this experience!!  I will definitely go back again to try the pork chop.  So many great reviews!!!
For a theme park, it's very nice. The food is much better than everything else in Universal Studios, but I think it's overrated here on Yelp. Fortunately, the wait was only 10 minutes, the design and decor of the place is very attractive, but there was not one dish from any of the five people I was with that was great. Most of the food was dry and my wife couldn't eat her chicken due to it being over seasoned. I probably won't go back next time I'm in Universal
Very hesitant on trying this place after the reviews.  It's actually not that bad, but it is pricey.  I had the pad thai and my husband had the blueberry crusted porkchop.  My pad thai tasted better than the pork chop.  I know the pork chop is a signature dish, but I wasn't really sure what was so special about it...?? Check out my pics. what2eatz.blogspot.com/2…
3.5 Stars -- Enjoyed the ambiance and some of the food items were decent, but an extra half star for being "sweet" -- I'll explain in a minute :) We were celebrating a friend's engagement at the Universal Parks and Mythos was a pretty spot to take a break from the heat, enjoy a well-sculpted restaurant with a nice clean kitchen visible.  The service was a bit slow, but the rosemary bread they brought out in heaps was DELICIOUS, FRESH, and piping hot!   Food: Tomato Soup = 5 stars -- great balance of basil and fennel from the hearty sausage!  Fish tacos = 4 stars. Short Ribs = 2 stars -- although it had a nice presentation, the meat was dry.  The Ahi Tuna plate looked delicious but a bit sparse so I didn't want to intrude on my friend's lunch! Sweet spot: They brought out a pair of free dessert shots for the engaged couple - the "Creme Brulee" shot was lightyears better than  the Key Lime Raspberry, which was overly sweet.   Overall, this was a decently priced lunch with quality food and nice ambiance.  Bill was ~ $20 per person, including tax & tip (no drinks).
NOT RECOMMENDED AS A RESTAURANT.  If you're going to eat craopy food, get a quick burger or something to tide you over but plan on leaving the park for a decent meal. Food: Pad Thai was absolutely horrendous. Reminded me of ramen noodles. Cappuccino good Mushroom flat bread burnt but still relatively tasty. Steak average Decor better than expected though incredibly loud Service: friendly Value: decent for amusement park. 70 for two with tip Lunch Don't go for drinks unless they hire new bartenders.
Before I began, I want to say that this restaurant appears to have a bit of a bad rap on Yelp, and I'm not too sure why.  I think that if you calibrate your expectations to the appropriate context--a restaurant INSIDE an Orlando theme park--you'll be very impressed with Mythos. Moving on, my wife and I have been to Mythos, located inside Lost Continent right across from Poseidon's Fury, a few times over the years.  It is considered the fine dining restaurant inside Islands of Adventure, and only one of two full service restaurants in the theme park (the other being Confisco Grille yelp.com/biz/confisco-gr… at the front). We've always been happy with the food.  Just take a look at the pictures I uploaded.  It is certainly a step up from the counter service restaurants in the parks, and even somewhat better than many of the CityWalk venues.  Furthermore, they offer fresh, healthy options such as the cedar planked salmon, or the chicken and blueberry salad (really good).  They also focus on presentation and plating, which you rarely find at a theme park restaurant. What's more, the venue itself is rather spectacular, inside and out. The only drawbacks here are the price (which isn't unusually high, just high when compared to counter service) and the fact that the restaurant is only open for lunch. Fun fact: Have you been to IOA over the years?  Remember the Enchanted Oak Tavern and Alchemy Bar that used to share the cave with Mythos?  I miss those places.  But I supposed all of WWoHP is a worthy alternative.
Ok - First off you are in the middle of an amusement park so the mere fact that there is a sit down service restaurant is a blessing (especially since it's got AC). The wait was about 20 minutes but well worth it. The themed inside is very cool, it's like being in some magical underwater cavern. The pricing is fine -- for the quality of the food given the place it's perfect. It's not a 5 star fancy pants place (like some backwoods folks seem to think it should be on here) - it's somewhere you can bring the kids and have a good meal that does not include a buffet of fried food choices. We shared a plate of their sushi roll - you have to try it, no regrets! I had the Blueberry and Pistachio Crusted Grilled Pork with a tall frosty beer and it was divine! You'd be hard pressed to find an equivalent place for the same price in a metro area. If I go back to Universal I'm definitely stopping at Mythos for lunch again.
Its claim of "Best Theme park food" well is just as it sounds....good theme park food. It WILL not blow your mind, but is miles better then anything else you find in the theme park. Though definitely not a place i'd venture into outside of being in the park, its pretty impressive and i was in no mood for more burgers and fries. The inside looks like a gave and the chairs are HEAVY......feel like solid slabs of metal. The bread is pretty good and though the wait is long, the service is quick and attentive. I ordered the Bistro Fillet which was just a small steak and it was alrite, nothing to brag about. There is little mediterain about this place given the name and the location (sinbad land) so that was a disappointment. If you have time this is a great break from the amusement park fair, but otherwise just go out get something quick enjoy more time at the park. Its well priced, and fun to be at, but its not a go to attraction
A sunny day calls for an escape in AC and unlimited cold water. I can also see it as a plus for a group up to 6 as they have big booths. I think they food here is good for a theme park and the prices weren't outrageous. The food really didn't stand out, but was better than a hotdog or sitting out in the heat. I got the BBQ chicken wrap (did not like it with mashed potatoes used as spread) and the crab cake sliders (you get 2 and 2 sides). If you see anything that comes with watermelon medley, try it, I was surprised that those ingredients would go so well together.
Service was excellent. We were seated quickly. Food only ok. I ordered the blueberry spinach salad. I wish they had used fresh blueberries instead of frozen. Hamburgers came in pre-formed patties and they were a little mushy.
I was really hoping to have Greek food.  There is nothing more than a Greek salad on the menu.  I was really wanting a Disney Dining like experience but it just didn't meet that standard. It was better by far than anything else in the park.  It was your basic burger, chicken sandwich menu you could get anywhere else in City Walk.  You're just not going to feel like you just went to the Best Theme Park Resturant in America. Service was good.  Quality of food was good.  The look of the place was very good. I guess it was just below my expectations after really enjoying many dinners at Disney.
Outstanding food, amazing decor and all this inside of a theme park?? Went during the "Christmas" season and they had a huge chocolate display of the Dr. Seuss standard, The Grinch, it was truly amazing, and that was just a holiday decoration!! Really you shouldn't play is "safe" here, try something new and exciting, the menu does have several standards, but heck you can get a boring chicken sandwich outside the park at McD's for cripes sake.... Kiddos had the standard-ish kids meals, i.e. chicken nuggets and pasta, the adults meals were plated as if we were at an totally upscale restaurant. (Check out another review site for some pixs. themeparkinsider.com/rev…) Save some room as the desserts are not to be missed! After enjoying this meal... no experience, I can see why this place has won several "insider" park awards.  My only comment to the negative review(s) here and on the above link, if your food is bad, tell the waiter or manager, how in the world can they know you've gotten a bad meal/service if you don't tell anyone!!  And heck for these prices, I expect high quality food and service, sheesh, it costs $73 per adult just to walk into the park! Minus 1 star for not being able to access this restaurant from the outside.
When you position yourself as the "World's Best Theme Park Restaurant", you inevitably set high expectations that are hard to meet. Mythos is a reasonable contender but falls somewhat short in my view. Some pros ... Reasonably priced.  Surprised that my family of three was able to get out of this restaurant for less than $70.  HIgher end restaurants at Disney routinely run us over $100. Food is pretty good.  The Pad Thai is the signature dish according to the wait staff.  Didn't particularly taste like traditional Pad Thai I've experienced at many other restaurants but had its own unique flavor that was pleasing.  Was Thai-ish if nothing else.  The Cedar Plank Salmon one of the better versions of this dish that I've experienced but I left a little hungry due to its size. Wait Staff.  Professional, efficient and pleasant.  Given that you're @ Universal Orlando and the remaining options have you standing in a long line for a crappy cheeseburger, this pro in and of itself is a pretty big deal. Cons. Decor.  I don't really get the Greek mythology tie in - very Vegas cheesy.  Maybe it's just me but I got more annoyed with the themeing the longer I stayed. Serving size. The Pad Thai was ample but the Salmon was small.  That's what we experienced first hand.  As I looked around at other dishes passing by, they all seemed on the small side.  After trekking around Universal all day, was looking forward to some sustenance that I didn't get.  Needed a churro to get the job done. All in all, was pleasantly surprised.  I can think of a half dozen restaurants down the road at Disney that I enjoy more than this place.  But it's easily the best dining option in and around Universal Orlando.
A nice place, however, since the last time they won "Theme Park Restaurant of the Year" was 3 years ago, maybe they should stop touting that and redesign the menu instead. 30 minutes after checking in for our reservation, we were finally sat. Another 8 minutes to have our drink order taken. Luckily, we all knew what we wanted to were able to order everything at once, otherwise I'm not sure how long it would have taken. The food is amazing in it's taste and presentation. We ate a variety of the menu; daily risotto, mahi-mahi, panini and hamburger. Not a complaint was heard by any, including the finicky 12 year old. Atmosphere is amazing. The only area I could complain about is the price. Serving size is slightly small for the amount you pay.  Perhaps it is a better value at lunch, as we came for dinner. I do wish the hours were longer and more in keeping with the hours the park itself is open. Overall, go, enjoy yourself.
I would probably like this place even if it wasn't in a theme park, though the exquisite architecture helps. I ate here a week ago after hearing rave reviews about Mythos Restaurant winning "best theme park restaurant ever" awards since the early 2000s. Those reviews were pretty spot on. Next time you're at Islands of Adventure, don't settle for a $10 cheeseburger from some crusty concession stand. Mythos is a real sit-down restaurant, no grease included. I split the mushroom flatbread (good and not too mushroom-y if you know what I mean) and the pad thai (huge portion and not too spicy) with my boyfriend, and that was more than enough for a meal. An added bonus? Whatever you eat here is probably going to be cheaper than the greasy chicken leg offered a short walk away. For two people, the total was $20-something. And did I mention Mythos has decent vegetarian and gluten-free options? Thanks, corporate. If you sit outside on the patio, you can actually see all of the Island of Adventure's different themed lands as they push against the lake which is neat. The service was great, and there wasn't a long wait. I recommend finishing up with a butterbeer over in Harry Potter World (four stars to the butterbeer too; it only loses a star because it's carbonated).
First off, the "best theme park restaurant" banner is old; it hasn't been named that in like 3 years or something. But anyway, compared to the rest of the food at Universal (outside of Emeril's), this place is amazing. Usually the first thing I'd mention is the food, but at Mythos it's really the atmosphere that sets it apart. You're basically in a cave...I don't know how else to describe it; it's one of the cooler restaurant interiors, maybe the coolest, I've ever experienced. I had the boneless short ribs on goat cheese polenta, and I was pretty impressed. It did run $18, which is higher-end for this place, but the beef was super tender. The polenta was a bit...well it's polenta. But not a bad base for the beef. If you're at Universal and want a good meal that is a bit more affordable than Emeril's, you just have to go here.
Great restaurant overall but considering where it is- the middle of a theme park- makes it even more impressive. Food is really good. Fresh. My son had a salad with tuna that he's been raving about. My little one loved the pizza. My mahi mahi was very well prepared and tasty. My wife's steak sandwich was lean and excellent. It's nice to be able to sit, relax and have a great meal in the middle of the pain of the Florida heat and crowds. Best of all was the service. VERY friendly and attentive. Our server, Tamara, really went out of her way. Our 6 year old had to go to the bathroom and refused to use the public toilet. She demanded to go back to the hotel. Tamara told her (in a very comforting way) of a "secret bathroom" that no one used, on the other side of the restaurant. She calmed down and went. I know few want to read a "potty" story in a restaurant review but it demonstrates how our server went above and beyond. I've been trying to eat here for a few years, and finally got in - now I know October is THE time to come to Universal- no waits, hot but not painful and you get to finally eat at Mythos!
A good friend recommended this place and I have to say it was pretty good.  The interior, service, food, and the setting were great. The only down side?  The wait... It was over an hour for a table of 5. The restaurant is inside the park and you don't have to venture outside to try City Walk. It was good to know that a quality restaurant was inside the park and that we didn't have to resort to just burgers and fries but order specially prepared risotto, fresh fish, pastas, etc. Presentation of the food was impressive and everything was well prepared. Our kids loved their food and wanted to go again!
I came here with high expectations but sadly I didn't leave with them. The only thing that I would crave here is the Rosemary bread. I had the Blueberry Pecan Crusted Pork which sounded really creative but when I tasted it ...it was a little bland.The small mushroom and cherry tomato that decorated the plate had more of a burst of flavor then the entree. I only ended up eating half of it. I don't regret eating here though because the decor inside is awesome. It is a bit chilly in there so if you are soaked from the water rides it's best if you dry off in the human dryer before you come in.
Compared to other amusement park food, mythos has GREAT food, and it's reasonable in price. While there are a few things on the menus that are $$$, for the most part it's $$ A lot of work obviously went into the interior of the restaurant, and it does have a great atmosphere. The only star I can take off is for service. We were seated and it was more than a few minutes before our server showed up, she was also slow in getting our bill and payment settled. Otherwise it was great!
I have eaten at Mythos twice, and ordered the same thing twice.  I try to keep it simple when trying a new restaurant, so I ordered the chicken sandwich.  I should have known that something was wrong when the rolls that were brought out to us were as hard as rocks.  The chicken sandwich was dry and very hard.  It had no flavor.  That was the first visit. The second visit, I was reluctant to go again, but I was outnumbered by the others in the party.  Again I tried to play it safe with a chicken sandwich.  This time, the bun had been grilled to the point where it would not squish when I picked up the sandwich.  I removed the bun and it was completely hard on the outside, and the flat part.  The rolls again were like stone, and if you wanted to eat any of them, you had to pluck out the soft inside of the roll. I was incredibly disappointed as eating a chicken sandwich without the sandwich doesn't really fill one up.  I was glad that I wasn't paying the tab. The interior of the restaurant is nice and cool, thanks to the fact that it is created entirely out of Styrofoam painted to look like rock.  The sound of running water is everywhere in the restaurant, and there are fountains and fish swimming in the floor of the place. It was neat to see it inside, but I would not recommend it to anyone.  I am mystified as to how this was voted the best theme park restaurant 2 years running.  Perhaps the restaurant reviewers ate something other than the rock hard chicken sandwich.  Wish I had. If you want a real sit-down good food theme park restaurant, get yourself over to Universal Studio's Finnegan's Bar & Grill.  You can even sit at the bar at Finnegan's.
The steak and portobello panini tastes like a frozen French bread pizza. The beef was overcooked and dry. The crab and mushroom sliders were very salty. For an amusement park restaurant, it is reasonably priced. ~$15/person for lunch.
Nice place , the tourist thing to do, good food but to me just just that.  I found better places to eat in Orlando. Great service.
All eaters loved their food - ranging in age from 4 to 70. Mushroom soup, meatloaf, grilled cheese, beef medallions, crab cake sliders, pizza, chicken fingers - all delicious. Rosemary bread to start was great. Servers were attentive, orders brought promptly. Bathrooms very clean. Cold water available in waiting area - nice touch. Neat ambiance - lots of seating for parties of 5-6. Good location if you arrive at opening, head to the Harry Potter section of park and ride/experience everything there; then stop at the talking fountain in front of Sindbad; then go for 11 am lunch. You'll be first group seated, get good attention, and get out in less than an hour.
I was excited to try a place voted best theme park 6 years in a row but outside of the decor it was lacking. Our table ordered the Pad Thai, the meatloaf, and the risotto. The pad thai was baaaaaad.  It was too heavy handed with black pepper and was mushy.  The risotto was tacky and the steak was over cooked. The meatloaf was OK. The lesson here: don't trust a restaurant that claims they can do Italian, Thai, and American cuisine!
Chicken caesar wrap had potatoes which seemed out of place and odd. Phad thai was mushy and tasted watered down. Crab cake sliders were burnt, see picture. I did not realize until I ate 1.5 of them, the carcinogens are already in my stomach. :( How was this rated the theme park restaurant 6 years in a row by Theme Park Insider? Apparently it is not a very reputable source.
This place is ok for a theme park restaurant. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap with greens and cheddar mash potatoes. It came with a side order of fries. Overall everything was ok. Nothing great, nothing awful. My wife ordered a burger and said it was ok. The restaurant layout was different with cave decor and fountains. Our server was nice and the food took about 20-30 minutes to arrive. Not bad considering it was lunch time and the place was packed. Arrive early and try to make a reservation. Walk in wait times for lunch can vary from 20-60 minutes. We got lucky and only had to wait 20 minutes for a table.
People!! Remember this is a theme park restaurant. Just by that standard this place is wonderful! The Pad Thai with pork is really good. I had the pork encrusted with blueberry. It was something different and new and something that you don't usually get at a theme park. I love the decor as well! It is awesome.
"This place is worth each one of the 5 stars, Mythos is amazing!" Where to begin...well for starters it sucks that Mythos is only located in Islands of Adventure at Universal because it's a such a great restaurant. Located across from Poseidon's Fury, Mythos fits in perfectly with the surroundings. The architecture on this place is beautiful in itself from exquisite Gods carved into the cave-like structure, with waterfalls pouring over into the pond/lake.  The view from the patio seating looks over the lake towards The Hulk ride and Marvel comics portion of the park.  The interior is very similar to the outside, with a cave-like wall including carvings and intricate lighting placed around. You'd think that with the amazing view and design that this restaurant would be much pricier than it is. Surprisingly it's very reasonable, especially for being in a theme park. They get EXTREMELY busy for lunch and dinner here so make a reservation in advance! Make a reservation here universalorlando.com/Res… When you're starving from a long morning/early afternoon at Universal... the bread that they bring to the table taste like something sent straight out of heaven. As is the water that quenches your thirst since it's super humid and hot in Florida. Our group proceeded to look at the menu and we were astounded by the amazing selection and prices of a full meal being from $8-$16, for what most of us wanted. Considering you'll spend that on junk food within the park, that's a damn good deal for a well rounded meal. The spinach salad is like crack. The dressing is a blueberry BACON vinaigrette. Holy crap it was out of this world delicious! It was warm, with fresh blueberries, bacon chunks and had flavors bursting out of your mouth. I actually asked the waiter what was in it and the chef came out to talk to me. He gave me the recipe for it and I later made it at home when I got back from vacation. High five to the incredible and very helpful staff. Also to the awesome chef that gave me me the recipe to my favorite salad dressing. The Mythos hamburger is incredible...oh and if you want to be slightly healthy like I did, you can substitute fries for that crack salad...I mean spinach salad... Enough said on my end, if you're at Universal you should come here. They have burgers, chicken, sandwiches, salads, salmon, risotto, and everything your heart and stomach desires. I have had food dreams about this place, it's that good.
For the "Best Theme Park restaurant" we were not totally thrilled with Mythos.  It was OK but I had no inclination to return.  I guess when your category is theme park restaurants, the competition is not that tought to beat, although I think I've had better meals at some of the restaurants at Disney in Orlando. We ordered the daily special pasta and risotto.  The risotto was served with beef tips and a red wine sauce.  From what I recall, the risotto was nicely cooked, not too soft, not too al dente and was creamy.  The red wine sauce was pretty tasty and the beef tips were OK.   However, I would not rave about the dish and would not order it again. The pasta special was so forgettable that less than a week has gone by and I've forgotten what it was.  They do have a decent kids menu (should be no surprise since it is a theme park restaurant) and the cheese pizza was quite good but again, nothing that stood out about it.  What I did like was the dessert.  They had these rice crispy sushi that was cute and my kids quite enjoyed it and dessert shots which were just the right size to top off the meal. Overall would say, great for convenience, service was pretty good, but the food was only OK.
Went here last weekend on a trip to IOA. Was bit intimidated by the decor because theme park food is already expensive, it made me worried how much a nice restaurant in the park would set me back. I was pleasantly surprised. The decor is very nice, there's small pond type areas all over the dining area, with walkways between them and sculptures of faces and people in the walls. It's a nice setting away from the packed crowds and scorching heat. Glancing over the menu, the prices weren't bad. Considering I would be paying $10 for a basked of chicken fingers at any other restaurant, $10 for a panini, Parmesan fries and some AC isn't bad. Their menu is diverse, ranging from sandwiches to seafood, sushi and risotto. My panini was excellent, though my oter dining partners meh'd at their burgers. If this was all I had to write, I'd give it 5 stars. Unfortunately, it's not. The service was terrible. Our waitress had an attitude from the start. Once we ordered, we saw her maybe once for drink refills. She brought out soup spoons an our requested condiments about 10 minutes before our food ever arrived. When the food finally did come, it was brought in by 2 other waiters who were fairly friendly. Shame I couldn't have tipped them instead. All in all it beats out most of the other food choices in the park. But if you're looking for a great dining experience, either go out to city walk or take a short jump over to international drive.
The waiter wasnt very friendly. I ordered an entree and wanted to enquire about an appetizer but the waiter left before I could ask. The food was definitely disappointing. I had an Asian Salmon with wasabi mashed potatoes. The salmon was ok but the mashed potatoes mixed with wasabi was weird. For the best restaurant in the theme park, It wasnt what i thought it would be.
Who says theme parks do not have good food?   Mythos is cleverly themed in one of the islands at Universal Studios Islands of Adventure.  Surrounded by cascades of waterfalls and with panoramic views of the lagoon with roller coasters swooshing by...get a table outside on a not so hot Central Florida day (best for early lunches). And the food...exquisite.  My favorite...lobster bisque...
Decided to try this because it was voted the #1 theme park restaurant. The atmosphere is really awesome. It's built like a giant cave and it's very well done. We waited approximately 10 minutes for a table even tho the hostess told us 25. The bread served before hand is delicious. I ordered the chicken cordon bleu sandwich and my wife ordered the traditional burger. The portions are decent sized, enough to fill you up. My wife raved over her traditional burger while my cordon bleu sandwich was just as delicious. Overall a great experience and didn't gouge my wallet like some of the other restaurants here will.
I was kind of bummed because: -I thought it was Greek food -It said it had voted best theme park restaurant -I waited all day for it to open (even ran from the other side of the park once it opened) Don't get me wrong.  Mythos is nice, but the interior is the only thing that truly impressed me about the place.  It is the interior of a cave.  The wait was not worth it.  If time is not of the essence, then this is the place for you.  The wait was an hour.  I thought it was Greek food, but nothing on the menu was Greek.  I was happy that they served complimentary bread that was really yummy.  I ordered the crab cake sliders.  They were alright.  It came with potato salad and this weird watermelon/tomato salad.  The service was not fantastic either.  Our server was slow and inattentive.  I wanted to leave.  I did not walk out of there full either.  Overall, I would have preferred to stuff myself full of butterbeer, churros and funnel cake.  Save your time and money!
For a theme park this was probably one of the better places I have eaten, and a great escape from the dry nasty expensive fast theme park food around. The atmosphere was a bit noisy, even though the place was maybe 1/3 full, and I would hate to be in there when the place is packed. The decor was very nice and pleasing, as it looked the same on the outside as it did inside. The bread was tasty with the oil mixed in the bread. My wife ordered the Panini, she thought it was OK, but probably would pass next time and try something else. She ate more of my filet. I had the filet, the presentation was very nice and looked yummy. The filet was good, but not the best, well prepped, but I think the choice of meat could have been better. The mashed potatoes were delicious and probably could have eaten them all day long. The asparagus were way to salty to eat. Overall: Compared to other theme park restaurants this one was definitely one of the more affordable ones with nice decor and a nice escape from the park for an hour. Definitely worth a try just ONCE.
"Methinks not!" is absolutely correct when it comes to this place. After reading that it was the best theme park restaurant for six years, I tried it out. I ABSOLUTELY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. I am glad I tried it because I am never eating there again and I will make sure that my friends don't as well. (You can skip to the bottom line at the end of the review if you don't want the details.) Walking into Mythos Restaurant at 2pm, we were greeted by a cool draft that was welcoming to our nearly burned skins. Some friendly hosts and hostesses informed us that the wait was approximately 10 minutes for a table. Five minutes later, our host called us up to take us to our table. Now, walking through this place was amazing, and when our party of three stepped into the main dining hall, the atmosphere took our breath away. High cavernous ceilings with strategically placed skylights made the main dining hall seem regal. Unfortunately, we were stopped 3 feet from the entrance, told that our table wasn't quite ready, and promptly sent to go sit back outside to wait. During Round 2 of waiting, another group that had entered after us, were seated before us. So, the menu is pretty limited. My first pick would have been a kid's menu choice of steak and grapes. Inquiring about the option, the waitress snapped at me and said "No" with a bit of attitude and then followed by what seemed to be an internal groan and a look that expressed "I can't believe she asked me this." Trying to not her mood bother me, I proceeded to start my meal with lemonade. (FYI, lemonade and soda products come with unlimited refills, but shakes do not). The others in my party ordered a strawberry shake that was decent and a coke. We browsed the menu a bit more now, and I ordered the Risotto of the Day ($16). The Risotto of the day was a mushroom risotto topped with pork. In addition, I ordered a side of grapes. My friends chose the buffalo chicken wrap for $14 and a chicken sandwich for $12. My small side of grapes came out with my friends' wrap and sandwich. The grapes were placed in a small condiment containers, so there were probably a total of eight grapes ($0.75). One of my friends, sitting across the table from me, plucked a grape and tossed it into her mouth. Her face was expressionless for the next 10 seconds. Unable to tell what she thought of it, I popped one into my mouth. Okay, so I don't know how you can mess up grapes, but there was something definitely off about those grapes. They had been washed in something flavorful, but definitely not complementary to the taste of grapes. So, a bit sad, I returned my tiny batch of grapes. Waiting for the risotto, my friends, absolutely famished, decided to go on with their meals. The buffalo chicken wrap was okay. There was a nice kick to it, and the fries that were seasoned okay. Overall, the chicken wrap was the best meal. The chicken sandwich, however, was 80% bread with 15% chicken and 5% garnish. The bacon that arrived with the sandwich was placed on the side and soggy before arrival. The chicken sandwich also arrived with a smidgen of LIGHT ranch dressing, definitely not regular ranch. To top it off, the entire meal was cold. About 5 minutes later, my risotto arrived. Overall, the presentation was nice, with the rice in the shape of a dome and the pork laid on top. But, there was something strange about the smell of the dish. Taking a waft at it, I confirmed the funny smell. Weary, I took ate a forkful of the risotto, promptly followed by just setting down my fork and pushing the plate away. It tasted downright rotten. The texture also did not resemble risotto that I have had at other restaurants and even the ones I have made at home. It was complete mush. There is such thing as overcooking risotto and this was a prime example of it. In addition, the pork looked and smelled bad too. This dish was not good to eat. So, I returned the risotto and ordered a cream of mushroom soup. In short, the cream of mushroom soup was chunky and reminded me of the food challenge on Fear Factor! that I was able to gulp down down two months prior. Taste-wise, it was barely better than old meat, random seafood, worms, and rotten milk that had been blended together. So, I just gave up on eating here. The waitress never came to ask me what I thought of the soup and avoided eye contact with me, so she was spared my thoughts of the soup. In the end, I nibbled on some of my friend's fries and called this restaurant a complete bust. Thank goodness I had not invited my aunt and uncle, like I originally wanted to. They would have torn the place a new one. Bottom line: Great looks, but tastes HORRIBLE. Returned 2 dishes, but wished I returned all 3. The chef has to be different than the award winning one, or yet, who's handing out the awards? I recommend eating at the Three Broomsticks from now on. Save your money and your palate!
Like other reviews, I think that this is one of the best restaurants in a theme park.  The food was relatively good and prices are reasonable.  If this restaurant was outside of a theme park, I think I wouldn't like it so much. The pad thai was very bland.  However, the burgers and pasta was tasty.  I loved the idea that they had of making a "sushi rice crispy" dessert.  They make it so the rice crispies look like sushi, and they even give you chopsticks; very cute.  The taste of it was too sweet for my liking, but still a very cute dessert. There is a very nice view of the park.  One complaint I have is the that chairs are very heave and not very comfortable.  I would come here again to try other entrees.
Perfect meal here, especially considering the normal theme park fare.  While the best meal I have at any park is always at Club 33 at Disneyland, Mythos is a close second.  Excellent views of the park, great food, attentive service and comfortable seating.  An excellent place to dine at Universal Studios.
Claim is "voted best theme park Restaurant in the world five times.". Don't believe it.  Menu was inventive (I had the blue berry and blue cheese pork), and the architecture interesting (seemingly built inside a cavern) but there were far too few servers for the number of tables, service was slow and the food poorly prepared (my pork was dry and overcooked). Our server was friendly (if overworked) but the hostess was abrupt with many of the parties that came in expecting a short wait. If you are at the park for the day, I recommend instead trying one of the City Walk restaurants, e.g. Bob Marley's.
This is commonly known as having the best reviewed food at any theme park for food and I have to say I enjoyed myself. The chicken sandwich I got was well cooked and seasoned. The fries were hot and crispy and the service was very good.
It's always good to re-visit an amazing restaurant. The food is well prepared and the atmosphere matches. If you are a first time visitor, be sure to get a reservation so you aren't frightened by the 1.5 hour walk-in wait. Staff is friendly and some even offer insider tips to either of the parks.
We got there at about 11:10 and were seated within 5 minutes, but 20 people piled into line just behind us. I would suggest getting there just before 11, or using your priority seating option/ making reservations if you stay at one of the resorts. The decor was neat, like being inside a big (and strangely sunny) cave with waterfalls and stalactites (hard to make those non-phallic... as mentioned in a previous review). There were neat Greek themed touches everywhere: tile pictures of mythical creatures on the floor, Medusa in the bathrooms, and Atlas holding the handrails on his shoulders. It was pleasantly cool (but we weren't wet from water rides) and our server was cheerful and attentive. I ordered the fish tacos, and picked off the onions. The corn torts were fresh and soft, not at all gummy or tough (as I've come to expect), and the sauce was simple and nice. Each taco had a good amount of lightly seasoned fish and the right proportion of greens. I skipped the weird watermelon salsa... it sounded good in theory, but tasted of nothing but balsamic and onions. The creamy potato salad was mild and seemed bland at first, but after a few bites it really grew on me. It was cool and tasted of cream, and the waxy potatoes had just the right amount heft to complement the textures of the fish taco. If it had been heavier or more strongly flavored it would have left me feeling too full. I left feeling satisfied, and like I had a tasty but reasonably healthy meal (not a usual feeling in a theme park!) but was not overstuffed. My daughter had a bacon cheeseburger, which she said was really good. She said it tasted like fresh (not frozen) beef and she especially liked the thick, sweet-ish, apple smoked bacon. Boyfriend ordered the buffalo chicken wrap. It was a rather large portion and tasted pretty good (or so he says... I didn't want the buffalo flavor to interfere with my fish tacos). As theme park food goes, I think this was a decent value. Nice surroundings, a comfortable respite from the busy park, great service and a higher quality of food than you'd find outside. Oh, and the rosemary bread was pretty good too.
By far one of the best restaurants I have ever been to inside a theme park. Mythos had a wide variety of food on the menu. I ended up ordering grilled chicken with pasta, mushroom, and pine nuts in a lemon butter sauce. The ambiance was incredible and really added to the experience. Most of all I was struck by how incredibly reasonable the prices were for the atmosphere and location. A glass of wine was $6. I believe my meal was $14.99. We waited about 40 minutes for a table because we did not have a reservation. It's a very popular place to eat and I had planned on making a reservation but could not get any one on the line when I called the reservation phone number. Our server was wonderful. He was extremely attentive and friendly and offered to take a photo of us. You can use your AAA discount here for 10% off your meal. Just mention it to your server and give them your AAA card. I would highly recommend Mythos to anyone who wants a relaxing and upscale meal at Islands of Adventure.
The hostess outside of this restaurant was from Chicago (like we are) and was nice enough to squeeze us in for a late dinner.   Otherwise, reservations are highly recommended.  There was a sign outside claiming it was voted the best theme park restaurant for over 6 years, so, of course we had to try it.   The decor, service, and food was very good.  It was nice to be able to sit and relax at a nice restaurant after having been up super early that day, walking around Universal Studios.  The restaurant was decorated in a really cool, underwater, cavernous decor.  The kids really liked and raved about it.  We had the Risotto special with steak, paninI with steak and portabella, and a wrap, which was all really good.
Veggie options- Greek salad, hummus n veggie kebab.. It's refreshing to see a variety of options when you keep seeing the same burgers, hot dogs, corn dogs in every restaurant or food stand. Don''t get me wrong, cheeseburgers and I go way back and they will always have a soft spot in my heart, But it was nice to see that even at Universal you can take a break and eat something you wont feel guilty about. And there is hope for the vegetarians at Universal Studios ur fellow carnivores no longer need to feel sorry for you as you nibble on bread! At the food stand (Not sure if it was Mythos, didnt have a name on front) i had just finished exiting Harry Potter land when i saw this place. They had kabobs and pita bread. I felt like i was over dosing on french fries, when i saw the menu. GREEK SALAD, HUMMUS AND VEGGIE KEBABS OH MY!!! My partner in crime and i shared a greek salad and two orders of hummus. hummus was pretty good for a food stand and was sprinkled with paprika on top it came with carrots, celery, and pita bread to dip. And surprisingly the Greek salad was very good. It was on the smaller side so i recommend getting your own. This is not a sit down restaurant we picked up our food at the window and picked a table outside to sit down. The dressing was good and after eating i felt good, healthy, full and satisfied.
Interior of the restaurant was very interesting, and the food was good but not great.  Absolutely no complaints on the food though.  It arrived in an adequate time period so we didn't have to wait very long. I had the fish which was very good but the other meals were just ok.  We did have to wait quite a while for our bill along with a few other tables with the same wait staff.  I don't know if this is status quo or just unique to that person.  I'd go back but would get the fish again.
We love dining here when we visit Universal. The food is great and the servers are impeccable.
Eating at Mythos was a fun experience. We loved the interior of the restaurant! The bread they serve is addictive. The food is not amazing, but it is good and we were pleased with the prices and thought they very reasonable especially compared to Walt Disney World. It wasn't our favorite meal on our honeymoon, but it was a decent value all things considered. The waiter also gave us a couple of free desserts as he was not able to give us his whole attention with how busy they were. We actually thought he was doing a pretty good job, and we were pleased with how friendly he was and tipped him well. I enjoyed Mythos and think I would return if I had to eat in the Universal Orlando Resort.
I'll tell you what.  You can have a $12 turkey leg outside or a delicious gourmet dish here for $16.   The decor is nice, but nothing out of this world.  I can see how it can be interesting to those who don't travel much, but to me it was typical theme park ambiance.  We choose to sit outside with a nice view of the rollercoasters and lake front. The service was great.  Our waitress Gabby was attentive but not intrusive and very friendly.  She suggested a few dishes and I had the Mahi mahi and it was world class.  This restaurant was voted best Theme Park Restaurant based on food and service for sure. Decor in the restaurant was interesting, everything was clean and enjoyable. Great deal at Universal!
Don't waste your money on insanely priced fast food stands, EAT HERE!  For what I paidfor a hotdog, I got s beautiful, gourmet meal.  The employees appear to love their job and serving you.  I love this place and would have gladly paid twice what I did for my meal...YUM!
Theme Park food?  I was ok, I was told it would be about 90 min for two people, but then they let us sit outside if we wanted to, we said yes and out wait was now 5 min.  The outside was amazing with a view.  The food was ok, better than a food cart, but not really that great.
The controversial point that raises people's expectations about this place too high is the big-ass sign over the front doorway yelp.com/user_local_phot… proclaiming that Mythos as the "#1 Theme Park Restaurant in the World" for 6 years in a row by Theme Park Insider. What it doesn't mention is that these 6 years were 2003-2008 + that Theme Park Insider is an American, consumer-based website + not an actual high-profile international publication. Hmmm, so it's no wonder that when there's only so many fine dining options in the bigger theme parks of America, that the few hundred Americans voting would basically only be choosing between a handful of Disney or Universal Studios entities domestically... with barely any mention of the theme parks abroad. Eh. Anyways... taking all that with a grain of salt, the family came to eat here for dinner during the couple days we spent at the Universal Studios + Islands of Adventure theme parks this winter, + we had a good meal at Mythos Restaurant. Decorated to match the mythological Greecian-Atlantis-style theme of the "Lost Continent" land in Islands of Adventure, the exterior + interior resembles a dimly-lit cavernous passage yelp.com/biz_photos/Ajsk…. Cool... but I couldn't help but notice the awkward phallic shape of some of the rock formations... o_O The menu has a random mix of dishes ranging from pad thai to fish tacos to bistro filet to tempura shrimp sushi... all under $20: Dinner Menu part 1: yelp.com/biz_photos/Ajsk… Dinner Menu part 2: yelp.com/biz_photos/Ajsk… After munching on perhaps too much of their yummy rosemary bread with soft butter spread yelp.com/biz_photos/Ajsk…, the entrees we selected were the Bistro Filet, Crab Sliders, + then the Cedar Planked Salmon. Of all these, by far the salmon yelp.com/biz_photos/Ajsk… seemed to be the most worthwhile entrée of the 3. The portion size was right on, + the fish was cooked with a very nice sear on the outside while very moist on the inside. (I'll admit that I think the salmon here was actually better prepared than the Walnut-crusted Salmon I had at Le Cellier in Epcot a couple days later.) The purple + gold potatoes on the side weirded me out, though... as I suppose I expected them to taste special since they were purple, but it wasn't anything extraordinary. The crab sliders yelp.com/biz_photos/Ajsk… were kind of on the small side to be an entrée rather than an appetizer + the sides that it came with were an odd pairing... a watermelon salsa + potato salad??? I wouldn't recommend this. And the last entrée ordered was the bistro filet yelp.com/biz_photos/Ajsk…, a dish highlighted in yellow on the menu as an "American Culinary Federation 2010 Gold Medal Award Winning Recipe." But again... the expectations of this dish were raised too high. While it was a good plate of beef, the requested medium rare came out overcooked, + it just wasn't anything special. And again with the weird sides... the purple potatoes, a singular tiny chunk of braised parsnip + an even tinier slice of cippolinni onion crusted with cheese. The dessert menu yelp.com/biz_photos/Ajsk… was kind of limited so we went ahead + ordered 4 Dessert Shots (Crème Brulée, Raspberry Cheesecake, Key Lime Pie, + Chocolate Sabayon) yelp.com/biz_photos/Ajsk…, which arrived in slender shot glasses just big enough to fit a dessert fork into. Priced at just $1.75 each, it's a cute way to end off a meal with just a spoonful of sugar. Kind of reminded me of the dessert samplings at a buffet where you try little bits of all the flavors... but at the end of the day, none of them stand out as being amazing.   Overall, I'd give it a 3.5 rounded down. Compared to everything else amazing I consumed over this vacation, it wasn't great. If I were to pick between Mythos or the Three Broomsticks over at the new Harry Potter section of Islands of Adventure, I'd go for the Three Broomsticks. While the atmosphere is more dinner-like + classy here because it's an actual table-service restaurant, the food there (ribs, rotisserie chicken, corn, etc) is better worth the price + meets the hyped up expectations.
Voted "The best theme park restaurant in the world for 5 years in a row"? What? Well, the bar is not too high then. So, we tried it. Indeed, it is, but again, the bar is not set too high. They close at 7 pm and the don't take reservations, they give you a time to go back and then within about 30 minutes you can get a table. Just like a ride with a Fast Pass. :-) The service is good, the food was very good for a restaurant inside a theme park, indeed. The place however would not live up to fine dining standards. It's also not overpriced, so you don't feel that the money wasn't worth spending. The dishes were well balanced in taste. The Blueberry and Pistachio Crusted Grilled Pork was amazing according to my friend. I loved my salmon dish. Their mushroom soup is not up to par with Artist Point's. The Chocolate Banana gooey cake was pretty good, too. So, we were actually pleasantly surprised and very pleased with the place.
So disappointing!   Treated my husband to a short trip to Orlando to celebrate a BIG birthday.  He is a big Harry Potter fan, so we were doing a day at IOA and Universal.  I did plenty of research and Mythos seemed to be the place to treat him to a nice birthday-weekend dinner.  We were going to be there on a busy Sunday, April 16th, so I was thrilled to get reservations at all, even though it was for early...4:30.    We arrived and were given a pager and told it would be a 5 minute wait.  It was almost exactly a 5  minute wait.  The restaurant was not crowded at all. It almost felt like we were made to wait just because they could.  We were walked around to a two-top table all the way to the left near a door, kind of out of the way, and not in the main dining room.  It was not exactly comfy and didn't look very nice.  There WERE comfy-looking booths around the restaurant, but they were bigger, so I assumed we didn't get one because there was only two of us and they were about to get slammed and all the better tables were about to get filled up.  (insert rolled-eyes here...this didn't happen while we were there, but they must have been holding the better tables for somebody or something else, cause it wasn't us and we didn't see people in all of them).   Anyway, we were still anticipating this "best theme park restaurant" experience.  Birthday boy had been made to feel special all around the parks all day, so this would surely be a memorable meal.  The signature beef filet dish was perfect for Birthday Boy and surprisingly I had thought it would be more expensive than the $15.95 it was on the menu.  Matter of fact, the whole menu seemed less expensive than I had seen online.     We got our drinks and after making the waiter repeat the risotto of the day description for the second time, I ordered that.  Birthday Boy went for the signature filet dish.  And was told they were OUT OF IT.  At 4:30 on a busy Saturday afternoon!  Really???  Why oh why didn't we run for our lives at this point and hit City Walk I will never know, but we stuck it out.  He settled on a steak panini instead. I think it was $9.99.     Out came rosemary bread that was strangely chewy and doughy inside, like it wasn't quite done.  I like rosemary, which was a good thing, because this had a LOT.       After awhile our meals came out.  My risotto looked good. It was a spinach one, with beef tips and a red wine sauce, with green beans and carrots.  The risotto was quite tasty but the rest was fairly tasteless.  Okay and edible.  One chunk of beef was a bit too well, meaty for me (I know that doesn't make sense) , so I passed it to Birthday Boy who was trying to enjoy his sandwich that didn't appear to be panini anything.  It looked like a small dry hoagie roll that was sliced thinly.  It was odd and looked dry.  Soooooooo disappointing.  He said the fries were "okay".      Seriously, this is the best theme park restaurant?  Uh, I don't know who is counting nor who is voting.  Service through all this was okay.  Just okay.  Dessert time and we were apathetic but I was still hopeful that Birthday Boy might enjoy something here, so we decided to each try one of their small dessert shots.  I went for a caramel brulee and he went for  raspberry key lime.  Well, the good news is the waiter said they were on the house for his birthday.  At $1.75 each this was not exactly a huge treat, but it was certainly nice to have his birthday recognized.  Plus we were really glad to not have to pay for them as they were quite boring.  Tip to restaurant:  if you call something brulee, make it brulee by simply sugaring and torching the top.  How hard is that?       The feeling is that no one here really cares, I'm sorry to say.  We felt so great about our overall experience at US and IOA that it's a shame to not be able to brag about what should have been a memorable special meal experience.
I don't see how this restaurant could have been voted the number one theme park eatery in the whole country when the food is so bad.  As the other reviewers mentioned, they do not serve Greek food, rather basic American items with a handful of pseudo-ethnic dishes thrown in.  I ordered the pad thai and received a bowl of way overcooked noodles with a sauce that was somewhat reminiscent of pad thai... but it was not really the same dish as you would get at a Thai place.  Think Cheesecake Factory.  Very similar type of imitation ethnic food.  My husband had the beef panini and he thought that was ok but nothing special.  The parmesan fries were just regular fries with a sprinkle of powdered cheese (the kind from the green shaker can) and not worth the extra 50 cents. I think the reason for their popularity is the atmosphere.  The place looked pretty cool (albeit a little cheesy) with the walls making you feel like you are in a cave.  There were also some statues and carvings in the "rock" that added to the ambiance.  And the water fountain helped with the calming effect and totally drowned out the screaming toddler a few tables over. The seating was comfortable and they had good air conditioning.  Which is really all you want after walking around a theme park all day.  They also had a large picture window overlooking the water and you could see the comic area and part of the Hulk roller coaster. One other thing I will say, they make pretty good cocktail and they have a mixed "drink of the day" that is only $5.  When we visited it was a version of a Cape Cod (they called it something else) and it was very refreshing.  Our server was a real sweetheart and she kept our water glasses full and didn't try to rush us out the door. So, to summarize, this place offers a nice respite from the park with great service and drinks but just don't expect the food to impress.
I'm ENGAGED! The love of my life proposed to me early on Saturday morning Sept 15th at Universal Studios Islands of Adventure. I couldn't be happier...and I'm quickly finding out that being engaged means lots of great treatment and freebies at restaurants. SCORE. Not the main reason I'm so happy and excited, but definitely a very nice perk After riding a bunch of roller coasters, we were starving for lunch. In my pre-park research, I'd read that Mythos was rated the top theme park restaurant in the country. I perused the menu online, saw that the prices were pretty reasonable, and we decided we'd head there for lunch. It happened to be about 30 seconds from the exact spot that Gabriel had proposed to me that morning. We arrived to a very short waiting time, and were seated in about 10 minutes in an awesome spot. The atmosphere here is very cool. It's like a mythical cavern with fountains, waterfalls, and a great view of the lake and the park. Our waiter was very attentive right from the start, and having been informed by Gabriel that we were newlygaged, offered us each a glass of wine on the house. Awesome! He also brought some warm bread and butter over to us and told us about some delicious sounding specials. Being that it was lunch time on a hot day, we both skipped the rich/heavy specials and ordered salads. I had the baby Spinach Salad with blueberries, hard cooked egg, blue cheese crumbles and a warm bacon vinaigrette. The salad was excellent- the vinaigrette was especially tasty, both sweet and savory and the perfect complement to the green and cheese. Gabriel had the Ahi Tuna Carpaccio with nori rice rolls, spring field greens and soy vinaigrette and it was also fantastic. This did NOT seem like typical theme park food at ALL and we were really impressed with the quality of the ingredients, the lovely presentation and the incredibly attentive service. We both cleaned our plates when, as a lovely surprise, the waiter appeared with a special warm chocolate and banana dessert for us- decorated with an adorable, sprinkle-covered 'congrats' on the side. What a sweet treat! We felt incredibly well-taken care of and really appreciated the celebration. Overall, this was a perfect engagement-day lunch and I would absolutely recommend a visit next time you are on vacation in the area! Thank you SO much Mythos, for making our day even more memorable!
So I heard this was supposed to be like the best theme park restaurant to eat at.....wrong. It was alright. Atmosphere was nice, pretty cool building structure and decor. The food was mehhh. They put too many onions in my fish tacos I felt sick afterwards.
Aside from the waiter thanking me every time I thanked him, this place was perfect. We both had the pad thai so I can't speak of diversity but I did see the fish tacos from afar and secretly pined for them as I waited for my noodles. The pad thai was very good...I added about half a bottle of Sriracha but that's normal for me. They added some crispy wonton-ish flare to the top that I didn't appreciate but they were easy enough to remove. Service was excellent, prices were great, atmosphere was awesome!! The inside of this place is worth seeing. It's a nice get away from the super busy theme park...without leaving the super busy theme park.
Compare to other theme park restaurants, this place is definitely 4 stars.  We all agreed it was the best food we have had at a theme park. The Pad Thai was great and my daughter was very happy with the grilled chicken and cheddar mashed potatoes. Around lunch time, we made reservations on Open Table for 7:00, the latest time you can make them since they close at 7:00. It was perfect. I highly recommend it, it was a perfect ending to a great day.
The cream of mushroom soup was well-seasoned. The complimentary bread was dry and bland. Our waiter was prompt and attentive. The interior architecture was remarkable, although indescribable; a mashup of flintstones architecture and jellyfish. And yet, there's nothing to draw your eyes around the room, however spectacular it is. They should project the reflection of moving water on the walls and bring some motion into the space. It would add to the experience and draw the customer's attention to the awe of the interior. The ambient sound of falling water was relaxing. The risotto was over-seasoned but the meat was cooked perfectly. The dish was plated very beautifully and thoughtfully, albeit being too salty. Overall, the presentation of the interior and plates were very forward and grandoise, but the details need more attentiveness.
Truly an oasis amidst the luny world of Islands of Adventure at Universal Studios.  Worth the wait for sure.  The cool, cave like, we'll insulated setting take you away from the crazed world of Harry Potter mania to a place to relax and recharge.  And did I mention the food?  Wide menu selections of varied styles sure to please most any palate.  From burgers  to fish tacos to soups that top the charts.  Get to the HP scene early and enjoy an early lunch here.  Service starts promptly at 11 am.  You'll be seated and noshing by 11:15.  Enjoy.
Average food and slow service, but it definitely beats typical theme-park food.  Inside seating is typically a long wait.  We asked for an outdoor seat and they sat us within five minutes.  The view from here was great, though you do have to be willing to tolerate the sound of a roller coaster across the water, which seems to be captured and echoed across the water.  Definitely one of the better park options, as long as you temper your expectations to that of a theme park.
So coming here I didn't have high expectations, I know it's one of the highest rated theme park restaurants, but that's not saying much when we purchased chicken tenders that tasted like dried up pieces of chicken leather. I made reservations earlier in the week for  a Friday at 4:30 because this is one of the busiest times of the year. Upon walking in, I was glad I did make reservations. The wait time was around 30 minutes. We were in in about 5 minutes. I've been here previously and had decent meals like the Chicken Oscar and the pizzas. So this time I was excited to see what I'd get. The first round of rosemary bread was fairly good, I could tell it was fairly undercooked and a tad over floured but it still tasted good and was a great munchie after walking all over the park. It had an overly pungent taste of rosemary though, but still yum. We ordered two glasses of wine that were fairly priced for theme park drinks (although they were tiny glasses). We ordered another round of bread and the second batch was totally undercooked and still doughy, stringy and gummy. So when we asked a different basket, she said they are all like that because if we cook them more they'll be hard inside...Okay, I know they aren't bakers but if I can make good damn bread at home, I'm sure they should be able to at a restaurant! I mean even the lowest chain restaurants like roadhouse grill makes good bread! Haha! Then we sadly found out that the steak sandwich is pre-made so you can't take off any mayo....Now how does a pre-made sandwich make this a good restaurant?...Sounds more like Panera...So I opted for my other sad choice of a grilled chicken sandwich. My boyfriend got the special risotto of the day with beef tenderloin & asparagus. Of course, my whole entire plate comes out cold, the chicken was like rubber and the fries seemed like they were under a cold fan for 20 minutes. She took it back and brought back another plate quickly but it still tasted horrible and was still just warm. At least the honey mustard helped make the fries a tad bit better. My boyfriend finished the risotto but wasn't happy with it. He said it was salty and the he could barely even cut the beef. I literally watched him saw away with a butter knife for a minute and it still didn't cut.  So I do like the prices here for a theme park restaurant with a nice atmosphere and service, but don't think the food is any better than what you get at the kiosks. It's just the best (and only) place in the park to sit, relax and feel like your in a fine dining atmosphere. Minus the good food. If I was in the park again for dinner, I would go. But if it was outside the park, I'd never ever go again.
Good food and good service at decent prices, especially for a theme park.  A nice alternative to regular theme park food.  We started with a bowl of cream of mushroom.  A tad salty for me, but overall tasty.  We both ordered the blackened mahi mahi, which came on top of some type of cream sauce, with baked sweet plantains.  Each of the components were delicious on their own, but together as a dish, it was an odd combination.  Still, 20x better than having to scarf down another burger or giant turkey leg!
Food was decent. Absolutely horrible service. Server treated our party of 8 like second class citizens. We were never checked upon, items we ordered never arrived. The only way I would ever eat here again is if I ordered it to go.
We reserved through open table and were able to get seated before our reservation. Def recommend making a reservation. Restaurant is a bit of an attraction in itself with the cave and Greek god mythology decor. Would have been weird anywhere else-I loved it. We were thrilled to get some respite from the sweltering mid-July heat and the free lemon water in the lobby (3-7$ for a bottled drink in IOA really?) Started with the mushroom cassoulet-yummy! If anyone has heard of the French bakery La Madeline which I frequent in Texas tastes very much like their mushroom cream sauce but slightly thicker and with whole mushrooms. Very good and great use of the warm rosemary bread they bring out to sop up the sauce. A rather rich appetizer but what the hey will Zumba it off later. We had a variety of food off the menu. I had my heart set on the crab cake sliders which were delicious little pockets of goodness. The remoulade (??) sauce inside the sliders was tasty! Sides were nothing to write home about: potato salad, and one bite of the watermelon salad was all I needed. Friend had the Pad Thai which smelled and looked awesome-impressively piled high with noodles and coiffed with bean sprouts only to be disappointed with what she said was too much peanut in the sauce and bland chicken. Her husband enjoyed his meatloaf and sides no complaints. My husband had the steak and portobello sandwich (more like panini) which was just ok, bread was yummy but filling bland. Drinks wise  I had sangria with my meal which was surprisingly very good. Waiter was congenial although none too attentive, didn't really do more than hand us our plates and recommend the most expensive items on the menu as favorites. Ran out of bread and water and never was able to come back for a refill for us. Overall, felt this was more of a 3.5 than 4 but will be kind as this restaurant was overall good to us. Lively ambiance and a good chance to rest a bit before heading back to rejoin the adventure that awaited us....;-)
What a surprise! Great food in the gastronomic wasteland of Universal. Terrific food (fish tacos anyway) delivered fast. Lunch with a 20oz Sam Adams and tip for $24. When I bring my family here I'll be back!
Everything was ok, nothing really outstanding to write about. Perhaps, the good thing is, they don't over-charge you for a full service dinning at a theme park.  (Guess kids only wanna eat deep fried everything, salad was not fresh enough! haha!)
Very good food! Crab and mushroom sliders were so good, you don't even need the bun! Great food and considering your in a theme park, the prices are good.
The first thing you see before you walk in is a big sign saying best theme park restaurant  in the world 6 years running. That right there should tell you theres trouble ahead. the ambiance was good but the food sucked. I should have known better than to believe what a sign says. They must of paid some people to keep filling out the ballot to get them voted the best. I ordered the mushroom appetizer and it sounded really good but came out not so good. for my entree i had the fish and my girl friend had the pasta. Both were mediocre at best. If your at universal and are planning to go to a restaurant pick another place.
Been to this restaurant twice when in Universal and both times it was really not that good.  They have a sign that says it was voted best theme park restaurant years in a row and I really wonder to myself how that happened.  They must have known that the people picking were sitting out there and served them different food from everyone else.  Do not fall for the sign - the food is very bland, the selection sucks and it is really overpriced.  I would recommend just grabbing pizza or something in the park or if you really want a sit down meal then hit up a place in City Walk.
About 20 minutes off on the wait time.   Food was ok, service wasn't.
Great place to try if you want to sit down and have a nice lunch/dinner instead of a cafeteria-style meal at the usual theme-park restaurants. It's very casual and not too pricey. The menu creations are tasty and beyond the all-american options.
Surprisingly good Caesar's Salad with chicken.  4 stars since it was a decent restaurant in a theme park!
One of the better places to eat in Universal (Island of Adventure side).  We had a Burger, Chicken, Pasta and gooey chocolate banana cake.  The place is cave like, very good service  and nice an cool when you need it the most during summer time heat! The chairs are REALLY heavy, made out of some solid metal, takes more than two hands to move them.  We have eaten here several times and never had a bad meal.
I am the black sheep of my family and this was their "compromise" while visiting Universal Studios during the day.  Unfortunately, the compromise was mediocre at best. I scoff at the thought that this place has won any awards, but then again I scoff at most people's palates (sorry if I sound pompous, but bad food is bad food).   The decor is tacky and the waitstaff is overly friendly.  Its just a bit saccharine sweet for my taste and when I asked for a Gin Ricky the guy looked at me as if I had just beemed down from the Mother Ship.  After this everything went swimmingly.  I switched from Gin to Chardonnay, and ordered the Filet rare.  It came out perfect with three spears of asparagus and a nice mixed green salad (I swapped for the mashed potatoes).   It was decent, but nothing to write home about.  This place is better than the other crap they serve at Universal, but I would never go here if I wasn't trapped in the wastelands of central Florida.
For a theme park restaurant it hit the spot, a lil pricey, but its inside IOA so what do you expect, The tuna was cooked just right seared on the outside still a little red on the inside. Service was ok, but then again it was durring peak season.
First, let me start off by saying that there's no such thing as a fine dining restaurant within a theme park...despite what any one may say. That said, Mythos Restaurant, located within the realm of Islands of Adventure has been voted the best fine dining restraurant in a theme five years in a row...I disagree. It's overrated, over priced and not worth the time. Who wants to spend an hour or more of their time in a restaurant when you could be riding the rides or having fun elsewhere in the park? The one and only time I did dine there, we arrived just before they opened and didn't have to wait more than five minutes, but the amount of time we waited for our food and our check made up for that. We were seated by the host who clearly didn't like his job but was doing his best to cover it up with a fake smile and a pleasant greeting. Our table was right next to a huge window that overlooked the park...this was probably the best part of my experience there. Not in an adventurous mood, I ordered an asian salad that was supposed to have pieces of shredded chicken mixed in. Clearly the chef missed that part because when I finally got my salad there was literally one tiny piece of chicken buried in the center. Irked and famished I sent it back...the same salad came back  minutes later with a few more pieces shoved on top of it. Still not enough for what I paid for it...but I was too hungry to send it back again or complain, so I sucked it up and ate it. It was okay, the dressing was bland and so was everything else. My friend ordered a sandwich of sorts and wasn't too impressed either. We could've had a better meal at Dino-Digs just around the corner...a burger and grilled chicken sandwich establishment. Their menu overall was average. Some of the items seemed too heavy to eat and then go running around a theme park...and all of them were more expensive than necessary. This was probably the worst dining experience I've had in a theme park. Personally, I say stick with Mel's Diner (inside Universal Studios) or really any place that's not Mythos. And it's a shame because I truly wanted to like this place. Oh well!
This restaurant has been rated the best theme park restaurant 6 years in a row!!  The food was good and reasonably priced for a theme park restaurant.  The complementary rosemary bread is soft and yummy!  The portions are just right, especially since they don't have any to-go boxes!!:)
The food is very good for a theme park but the wait is ridiculous and service is average. We waited 1 hour 40 minutes and then watched dozens of tables sit empty for a full hour or more. They didn't even bother to bus them.  Leave the park if you want a good meal.
Yumm bread, gourmet pizza and a blueberry pecan trusted pork chop to die for.  It has changed my view of theme park restaurant.  It is a neat building that is very well air conditioned.  The wait times are a bit long, but the food is quite tasty.
1.5 stars umm... yeah. slow service, very sub-par food. pad thai tasted like ketchup. roman panini tasted like a frozen stromboli. tomato soup was basically a meat sauce that should be used on pasta. mushroom flatbread was decent. don't waste your time waiting for a table.
My partner and I ate here for our first anniversary. A bit of background: I was born in Orlando, was raised on its theme parks, and have worked one time or another at many of them, and yet had never eaten at Mythos. I had always heard it was the best place you could possibly eat at any Florida park, but was afraid of how costly the food might be so I always passed it by. I had HUUUGE expectations... and this was a very special occasion... so while the food was good, and not as expensive as I thought it would be, it was mostly a let down. I am MUCH fonder of the restaurant food at Epcot in World Showcase, and I expected Mythos to put those restaurants to shame and it did not. My partner did say her chicken sandwich was delicious. I got the mahi mahi which was okay, I'd say Red Lobster quality but less greasy. The flatbread we got as an appetizer was tasty too but I was expecting to be in ecstasy over this food and I was not. The atmosphere wasn't anything amazing either so I am really confused as to why Mythos is so hyped up among local Orlando theme park enthusiasts and has won so many awards. I left satisfied but really confused and somewhat disappointed. The service we received was very good, probably the best part. I would sooner recommend eating at The Three Broomsticks or Confisco's over Mythos.... or better yet, for a truly romantic and delicious experience that doesn't involve park admission, catch a water taxi from CityWalk  to Mama Della's at the Portofino Bay Hotel. Better food, better atmosphere, similar price range.
I make sure I come here each time I'm at universal.  You will have a bit of a wait but come on.. if your waiting an hour for a 3 minute ride why not wait an hour for a great meal?  Prices are decent (for a theme park) and the food is fantastic.  Worth the extra money over the cost of a nasty burger!
Hubby had a sirloin something...warning: you can't order the steak temperature and it comes one way...dry and over cooked.  I had a sandwich which wasn't great.  The bread was fantastic and I guess that compared to the park food it is better but it is definitely not GREAT or even close to good...ehhhh...would probably skip it next time.
We went here for lunch when we were at Universal because we had a card for 15% off. It was decent but nothing to rave about. I got a burger, pretty standard, it was yummy. This place was packed, full of screaming little kids. I felt bad for the wait staff because the uniforms they have to wear are the furthest thing from flattering. Overall it's park food but it did the job of filling us up. The prices weren't outrageous either.
Gorgeous tomato soup! Yummy olive and Rosemary bread except they didn't take all the stalks off the Rosemary so it got stuck in my teeth! Server was great and a nice atmosphere, personally I don't think it's that expensive and is a nice change from just fast food at an amusement park!
Buffy was an amazing waitress who had so much joy an happiness. She was right on the ball with our food and order and even offered us to go drinks. I love this place and she was great!
If this restaurant were outside a theme park, I would have given it two stars.  But since it was inside, it's definitely a three. However, I will not be back.  I'd rather eat outside the park. We went for dinner at ~7:30pm on Wednesday December 26th.  We didn't have reservations and waited only 10 minutes for a table.  The front hostess was quite friendly. Here's the good: * I loved the theme/decor of the inside of the restaurant.   * I also appreciated the complimentary bread that was brought to the table shortly after we were seated.   * Prices were surprisingly reasonable! * Lots of gluten-free dishes, if you're into that sort of thing And the bad: * The food was so very bland.  I ordered the blackened fish tacos with remoulade sauce.  The standard side is potato salad, which was a big WTF from me.  I mean, really, potato salad with tacos? I thought maybe the potato salad would be awesome, but no, just meh.  And the blackened tacos looked blackened, but weren't spicy at all.  The remoulade was also very bland.  The fish tacos came with a watermelon / tomato / red vinegar salad; this was pretty good.  My husband ordered the pad thai, which didn't taste like pad thai at all, but rather like a very americanized version.  A man two tables over from us also ordered the pad thai.  I noticed (yeah, I totally watched him eat) that he doused it in salt and pepper and Sriracha before eating it.  And he wasn't Asian (who, imo, generally like things spicier than whities).  It doesn't bode well if the food needs that much doctoring in order to be eaten. I'm not sure if he brought the sriracha himself, or if the restaurant had it.  We should have asked, because that dish definitely needed it. * The service.  I suspect our server was overworked, though. She was very slow with bringing us our drinks and refills, and barely checked on us after our food was dropped off.  In fact, the party at the table behind us left after ordering drinks and before receiving their bill because service was slow.  They left some money on the table to cover the drinks; I assume it was enough as the server and manager didn't seem too worked up. I also noticed the manager pitched in and was bringing out food and checking on tables.  So while the service sucked, it may just have been because they were understaffed; having only been here once, I'm not sure if that's the norm.
This place was by far the best theme park food I have ever had! It was not only delicious, but reasonable. I ordered the cedar plank salmon and it came with a side of asparagus and mashed potatoes. I loved the salmon! It had a great flavor and was cooked perfectly. The mashed potatoes were creamy and the asparagus weren't overcooked. I only wish they would have given me more than 4 pieces of asparagus.
Reviewed as the "best theme park restaurant in the world"...  Yea, I'd say it deserves it. Decor is memorable,  and very theme park oriented. I had the mushroom flatbreads appetizer and the salmon entree. Maybe the best I've ever had.? And prices were very good for a theme park. I'm a fan.
We ate at Mythos at Universal Islands of Adventure, and it is clearly the best restaurant in the park. How cool it was to eat a great meal inside of an underground cavern where the ceiling and walls look like mythological creatures. Frankly, I cannot believe the average rating is only 3. There must be a lot of lunatics on yelp.
Excited to dine here with my family based on reviews. Decor and staff are lovely.  Menu has a wonderful selections of veggie and GF items.  My burger-lovin son had the mythos burger and loved it. Daughter had crab-mushroom slider and liked it.  Hubby and I had the chicken pad Thai which was borderline tasty.  Waitress forgot to bring our tomato soups which we had taken off the check.  We can now say we have been here...no need to come back.
For the most part looks like the food was covered in other reviews, but I have to add a note about the great service. As we were being led to the table, my buddy handed the hostess his paper Coke cup and asked if she could throw it away since there wasn't anything left but ice. Lo and behold, she returns with a drinking glass full of Coke! How cool is that?
I love this place, and I can't understand why everyone else doesn't seem to. Sure, it's not a five-star restaurant, but the prices are reasonable, and the food is much better than many other restaurants outside of the theme park. Every time I go here, the service is pretty quick and attentive, and the waiters have been nothing but friendly and well-mannered. The menu changes all the time, which allows me to try new goodies every time I come back here, but there are some dishes I miss (such as their decadent interpretation Banana's foster). I've been here since the place first opened and sure, the food has not always been as spectacular as it was when I first went there, but it's still pretty decent fare. It sure beats the burgers, pizzas and fries they serve in the rest of the park.
Food was overpriced and not very good and the service was beyond slow.  We came to the park to see the park...not spend 2 hours eating lunch here.  In total it took us 1 hour and 40 mins to eat lunch here and that is after we knew what we wanted to eat and ordered right away when she asked for our drink orders...don't waste your time here at all!
Great restaurant to end the day at a great amusement park. Good prices and good food!!!
As expected below average, pad Thai was mushy with no taste. Avoid.
Two stars for themed decor. No stars for food or service. Food was bland, bland, bland. Servers seemed disinterested in serving. Gave manager a chance to correct the meal and she did nothing. Highly not recommended for eating but walk in and take some photos.
This is my second time here (this time was my first as a single) during lunch. During a week day I had to wait about 20 minutes for a table for one, starting from when I first arrived at 11:30am. This place is packed, hopping and under staffed. You must wait to be seated. You are given a buzzer. Upon seating table service was quite nice. And of couse the quality of the food was very good and worth the wait for my second time here. I recommend the specialty cocktails, which are a good value. I will return.
The location and atmosphere are great. Food is not so great. The chicken ceasar salad I got was very dry and devoid of flavor. The kids meals are over priced and lack a drink. My wifes fish tacos were good. I think I'll just go to a food cart/court next time. Faster/cheaper same food quality in my opinion.
Nothing special here.  Decent food and decent service.  Probably better than most of the restaurants here at Universal.
Pros: - great decor and ambience, looking like a submarine cave, following the Poseidon theme. Even the silverware goes with it. - it's decent food inside a theme park - price is reasonable. The main dish, a fillet one, costs less than $16. Cons: - Food is mediocre. I ordered their special dish, a fillet recipe announced as award-winning, but I was not impressed. It was very ordinary. I ordered the dessert shots, four of them, and they were also just mediocre. I thought that Finnegan's (in the twin park Universal Studios) had WAY better food than this; simpler, but much tastier. - Had to wait 1 hour to get in after giving name. But they give you a time estimate and you can go on rides during that time. - WAITED 45 MINUTES FOR FOOD AFTER ORDERING. Only got food after asking waiter if everything was alright with order (some 35 minutes after ordering). She said she would check and brought the food after a bit. No explanation or apologies provided. Given that time is at a premium in a theme park, this was a bummer.
This place was good.  It is in the middle of the Universal Florida. so I have to make some adjustments to the way I rate it.   Honestly, if this was a local restaurant in my neighborhood, I would give it a lower rating but its location does force me to consider it differently.   The food was okay.  It is nothing better than what you might expect in any chain restaurant.   But I will say that the prices were reasonable.   I was amazed.  It doesnt cost any more than what you would get at a chain restaurant.   Overall, this place was a great escape from the theme park.   And we didnt have to pay a fortune to sit down and have a meal.  If this restaurant was in disney, they would have charged double.   The service was great..  and they have a chocolate cake with bannana that was amazing.
A nice, quick glass of wine and a simple grilled chicken Caesar salad made for a wonderful break in the day at Islands of Adventure. Service was excellent and I love a place that serves Lavazza coffee! My only complaint (and seemingly consistent one with any indoor Orlando establishment)-turn down the A/C! I know it's a scorcher outside, but still...
Loved Mythos!  I ordered their chicken pad thai and honestly it was the best I've ever had.  Great flavor, just the right amount of spice and what I really liked was all the stir fried veggies mixed in - truly delicious and perfect! The ambiance is very cool, service warm and friendly, overall a great vacation eating experience.  I saw a lot of people ordering basic food like chicken strips or hamburgers.  I recommend ordering something you won't find anywhere else in the park.  If there was a restaurant near me that had anything close to their pad thai I'd get take-out every week!
Traveled with several vegetarians and a vegan and found Mythos to have options for everyone. Unbelievable theming and shocking, in a good way, prices for a theme park restaurant. Many theme park places get a lot of hype, Mythos actually deserves it.
Would have loved to give this 5 stars. Our food was amazing. However, it took us almost 2 1/2 hours to eat due to extremely slow service. Disappointing.
Great theme park food? Wait, great food in general?? Yep!! What a bargain. I would have paid 25% more for this place! What great views of the park, awesome decor, awesome food. No wonder they got rated the best theme park food! Fresh hot bread served before entres, I wanted to try everything on the menu, and I'm a picky eater.
It claims to be the "best theme-park restaurant for 6 years in a row."  There must not be many theme park restaurants.   Food was okay.  Not worth the price.  We waited quite a while for a table.  Soup was served with no spoon - it got cold while waiting for someone to get a spoon.  Water was spilled on us.   Sure, it could have just been an isolated event -- but I really just wasn't impressed. The building looked cool though.
I've visited Mythos several times over the years.  If you haven't been there since the Wizarding World of Harry Potter opened, you should go back.  The sad "park fare" sandwich and burger heavy menu they had for a while is gone.  In its place we have new chefs and a variety of tasty dishes, salads, appetizers, and desserts.  They have a full liquor bar, beer, and wine.  The booths are very cushy, which is great since theme parks tend to prefer hard seats to soft seats.  Also, unlike Disney, you can always walk up and get a seat.  At least that's been my experience.
This place used to be one of my favorite restaurants ever. The design of the building is still incredible and quite nice to look at but their service and menu has certainly changed. I've been going here regularly for the past 6 years and it is, sadly, not up to its old standards and I attribute this to their manager from 2 years ago leaving for another section of the park. Under new management their once glorious pre-dinner bread has become noticeably less tasty and their servers are much less attentive. I understand that it is a busy place but the service was practically nonexistent. Several times, servers walked right past, ignoring my table's attempt to flag them down. It pains me to rate this as 3 stars, as I said i LOVED this place, but the service and decline in attention to detail over time has made it go from a 5 to a 3.5. The entree I always get is, almost every time, astounding. It is consistent and delicious. If everything about this place was as good as most of their food I would rate it a 5 with no problems what so ever.
Best restaurant of any theme park in Orlando.  Great ambiance and food.
Mythos is located in Universal's Islands of Adventure on the Lost Continent. It boasts of being the most highly rated theme park restaurant. Not sure I'd agree but this place is a cut above what you can find inside the theme parks.  The setting is fantastic as the restaurant is designed to make you feel like you are inside a huge cave. There are bubbling streams. Stalactites and stalagmites, faces "carved" into the stone. A large glass window overlooks the lagoon.  You get the idea. A great spot to escape the crowds and Florida heat and relax with some cool drinks and something other than the ubiquitous burgers and fries. A memorable starter was a tempura shrimp sushi appetizer with soy and wasabi. A very generous portion and terrific value at $8.95. The entrees are creative but maybe too ambitious. Interesting recipes which don't always click for example the use of blueberries in some dishes.  Definitely worth a visit if you are in the park. 3.5 Stars
I understand that this is a theme park restaurant but I don't quite get the hype.  Diners are swept away into a cave (probably made of plastic) with statues (again, probably made of plastic) and a water fountain.  The menu is definitely not Greek but does have a Mediterranean feel to it with mushrooms being the staple item.  We ordered the Gratin of Wild American Mushrooms Cassoulet and the Chef's Signature Pizza which was like a Philly cheese steak in pizza form.  The cassoulet was so-so but the pizza was absolutely delicious.  In keeping with the mushroom theme, I ordered the Wild Mushroom Meatloaf and my boyfriend had the Truffle Mushroom Ravioli.  The meatloaf was dry but I loved the mashed potatoes.  I had a bite of the ravioli and it was tasty.  Overall, we had a pleasant experience...the air conditioning was pumping and I we didn't have to empty our wallets to eat here so I can't complain too much.  This restaurant is popular so I suggest making a reservation or you might have to wait forever to get a table.  We were fortunate to be visiting during the off season and decided to eat at that awkward time between lunch and dinner so we only had a 10 minute wait.
I can see how Mythos would be voted the best Theme Park Restaurant for the past few years in a row.  My husband and I got in for lunch without a reservation or a wait.  We had ordered the Chef's Daily Pizza which turned out to be a jerk chicken with mango pizza as an appetizer.  It was delivered to our table right out of the oven and was delicious.  I ordered the Chef's Daily Risotto as my entree which happened to have pieces of steak and stir fried vegetables.  Again, delivered to our table steaming hot and was very tasty.  My only suggestion would be to leave off the terriyaki sauce which overpowers the flavors of the risotto.  My husband ordered a simple bacon cheeseburger but we were again impressed -  one of the juciest burgers that we have ever tried.  And when you ask for it to be cooked medium, they actually cook it medium!  The only reason that we did not give it five stars was because the speed of our server was very slow so it took a very long time to get refills or to get our bill.  We actually ended up having to ask another server for our bill since our server was nowhere to be found for at least fifteen minutes.  Fortunately they had food runners from the kitchen which is why our food was so fresh.  If we come back to Universal Studios in the future we would definitely eat here again.
The food is not your average amusement park food. The hamburgers were so yummy. The interior is great. You feel like your in a different land. You can make reservations via opentable.com. The wait service is fast. They told you what comes out fast if your in a hurry. Ask what the drink of the month is good deal at $5.00. The reason for not 5 stars is some of the menu items are very heavy like pastas etc. and they were only open until 4. They should serve more lunch items if they only are open for lunch. So either go here before you go home and are done with all the rides or you'll want something a little lighter and their specials all seemed heavy. Host was great getting us a seat by the window which had a view of the Hulk coaster. They also have some outdoor seating. I really didn't find it overpriced compared to all other food in the park. Also, try Three Broomsticks for breakfast in Harry Potter. It was great and not to crowded in the morning.
When I walked into this restaurant, I thought a wizard would appear out of nowhere, wave a magic wand, and turn me into a microscopic ear whig.  I was wrong.  I'm still human.  But, the best part of this place is the exterior architecture and the scene.  I love eating outside because you get a fantastic look at Islands lagoon, Marvel Super Hero Island, and Seuss Landing.  It is very calm and peaceful outside, as opposed to inside, where it's rather hectic and chatty.  The food is very good, but honestly the prices don't cover it.  The prices are worth it, however, if you're looking for a good time in a nice atmosphere and to have some good food.  The entire building is held up by Poseidon's arm, which is viewable down the stairs outside.  It is built on a strange foundation which doesn't leave me confident that it won't crumble one day...but what do I know?  It's tipped precariously on it's side propped up by the arm.  Coolness.
This place is extremely overrated being touted as the best meal in a theme park, not worth the 30 minute wait for lunch. Their menu looks deceptively appealing at the outset but the quality of the food is not that great. The interior is well done carved inside a big cave and provides a unique dining experience, if only the food had lived upto it. We ordered the citrus cooler which was quite a refreshing drink after a lot of walking around the park during the first half of the day. They served us the complimentary rosemary bread. We hardly ate any of it since the bread appeared to be gooey in the center, so we are not sure if it was well done. For entrees we ordered the blackened fish tacos with black cod and coleslaw which was alright. The biggest disappointment was the risotto of the day. Risotto is one of my favorite dishes and I am at a loss of words to describe how badly this was screwed up by the chefs in the kitchen. It seemed more of a big chicken dish with some meatball stuffing inside with a bowl of risotto served on the side. The dessert added to the misery, we had one of their mini portions of caramel creme brulee. By no stretch of imagination, was this a brulee dish. The texture was not velvety like a brulee, it was more powdery and grainy. I'd rather prefer lunch at one of the establishments at the universal citywalk instead which is just a short hop away.
The place WAS rated #1 theme park restaurant a long time ago.  The decor and atmosphere was great. Getting seated was like walking through a ride. The service was okay. On several occasions I had to flag someone down for something. It wasn't overly busy where the waiter could not keep up. We started with the shrimp sushi tempura which was delicious.  My only complaint is it did not have much shrimp in each sushi. The plating and sauce was done to perfection. The kids menu has common items such as pizza and cheese sandwich.  The beer and wine selection was more than adequate. My wife ordered the crab sliders which was great. I had the pad thai which didn't meet my expectations. The pad thai lacked that "Thai" flavoring. It was bland to Thai standards. Overall, a great place to enjoy lunch comfortably while visiting Islands of Adventure. If the weather is great opt of the outdoor seating overlooking the lake.
Wow, such a great place, food, service, the look!
Mythos has been rated one of the best theme park restaurants in the country for a few years now. I understand why it has been bestowed that honor, but at the same time I am reminded that the bar for that distinction is relatively low compared to restaurants at large. I would compare it to one of the nicer chain restaurants... Macaroni Grill, JJ Alexanders, & the like. The food was good overall. I would stick to the dishes that lean on their specialty with fresh mushrooms. The Buffalo BBQ chicken wrap was a mistake that I regretted shortly after eating it, but our appetizers & my wife's dinner were fantastic, so I'm inclined to criticize the dish, not the restaurant.
Had a great lunch here.  The cheeseburger I had was cooked to order.  Price was fairly reasonable by theme park standards and definitely comparable to the "fast food" stalls in the rest of the park.  For three, the bill came to $35 - not bad considering the day before I paid $28 for 3 hot dog combos at Universal.
The decor is really nice in this place. We had lunch here. Good thing I made a reservation. It was packed with a 45 minute wait for those who didn't make a reservation. i ordered the mushroom soup which was delicious. The wild mushroom flatbread was also good. i would definitely come back here again.
If you are going to eat any where in the park, you should eat at Mythos. You can rest your  feet while enjoying the air conditioning and amazingly beautiful cave like atmosphere. It would be easy to spend a lot of money here, but with the right selections, you can also do it for a reasonable price. Comparable to, or even less than, what you would spend elsewhere in the park. They bring rosemary bread and butter to start. My adult daughter and I shared the Roman Panini with fries. She also had a virgin daiquiri and I had a coke. The total for the two of us, including the highest suggested tip, was slightly less than $20. Our server was so-so. but the atmosphere and price more than  made up for it.
