I found my go to spa! I came to Pia Friday with a friend and we both had our eyebrows shaped. It was the most comfortable eyebrow waxing I've  had and I loved the shape of my brows after. When I came out it was my friends turn, I waited for her in the front and Stephanie at the front desk was very friendly. She offered me tea and made me feel very welcome and I felt like I was talking with a friend. I enjoyed the experience so much, that I came back on Saturday with my mother. That day Shavon was at the front desk and was very welcoming! My mom got her nails done by Kelsey. She did a great job and we had fun talking with her throughout the appointment. That day I saw Beatriz again for a pedicure. I really enjoyed that as well. She did a fantastic job and was also very friendly. This is my favorite spa!
I really wish there were a 2.5 stars. I had my first facial there and it was a nice experience, even though I do wish I had been talked through the process more, I would consider using their facial services again. Next time, I had a pedicure and it lasted a long time and looked nice. The last service (my boyfriend had picked out as a gift for me), I almost did not get and I REALLY wish I hadn't. I have never had a good massage at a spa, but my boyfriend showed me the description of the "bamboo massage" in the brochure, telling me that he thought I'd enjoy it because it's supposed to be very deep tissue. I was still going to swap it for another facial, but then the receptionist also assured me that it is a unique and very deep tissue experience. So I arrived ready for my beating and was asked to fill out a questionnaire which included a ranking of how much pressure I like from 1 (least) - 5 (a lot). Since I had heard so much about this massage, I circled 4, thinking I'd play it safe. When I met the therapist, I told her "I like to be beaten up in a massage," and then, when she explained the bamboo massage to me and mentioned pressure I again, I reinforced that I understood and enjoyed very firm pressure. During the massage, she asked how the pressure was... it was next to nothing... so I asked her to use firm pressure. But even after all these reminders, she hardly used the bamboo at all and when she did, it was feather-light, just like her hands. I was super disappointed and wasn't really sure what else to do. When she asked how I felt, all I said was "relaxed." I'm still regretting it. This massage was $90 for 50 minutes! Was the therapist new? Inexperienced? Was it because I was using a gift certificate? Pia emailed me a request to review them after my second service, so I gave them a good review based on my pedicure, but now I wish I had waited until after the massage. My poor boyfriend spent all that money and I fell for another crappy spa massage :(
I called about a week in advance to schedule 2 pedicures for my mom and I on her birthday. They only had a 2-hour block available which was weird a whole week in advance. I was asked what kind of pedicures we wanted and I said the Pure Fiji ones, they are a little more expensive but I wanted it to be special with the lotion boots and picking our scent, etc. About half way through the pedicure I realized we hadn't picked scents and it didn't look like we were getting any of those booties. I asked about it and she said "Oh no that's for the pure fiji pedicure" and I told her that's what I booked and she said that they had us down for 2 basic pedicures. That was very disappointing that whoever answered the phone that they did not write it down correctly and we had to get regular old pedicures that we could have gone anywhere to get. At the end it was alright, but my nails weren't clipped and filed so my toes didn't look that great. I don't think we'll be going back soon. We'll stick with the consistently good, cheaper pedicure. They also didn't have a large collection of OPI nail polish, which is what most salons use.
This is based on only the wax service. I wanted to try a new place for waxing since I drive by it everyday. Sarah was my esthetician and she was very professional and quick at her work. The only issue I had was that they use wax with muslin strips rather than hard wax. After having more experience with hard wax, I feel waxing with muslin strips are a tad more painful. I've also notice hair regrowth is a lot quicker as well. Not sure if I would come back for a wax service, but probably would try something different.
What a great experience! I'm a little paranoid when it comes to pedicures and I was so excited to see that Pia used bowls for their pedis instead of the chairs with the built-in tubs with jets. So excited in fact that I quickly booked an appointment for my sister and me the day before her wedding. I opted for the hour-long Fiji pedis since it was a special occasion. We started off picking our polish colors and then our Fiji scents (that they use throughout the pedi!). The nail technicians were so friendly and open to chatting the whole time (I'm a talker...). The Fiji pedi was the ultimate pampering experience! It lasted well over an hour and included an exfoliation session on my feet and lower legs which was like a mini massage! It also included getting my feet wrapped in warm towels and put inside warm booties. The nail polish itself didn't look AS perfect as it has at some other pedi places, but this was totally overshadowed by the experience! 10/10 I would return for this pedi!
This day spa was awesome! I loved the atmosphere and how my friend and I were in our own personal room when we were getting our nails done. We wouldn't stop talking and laughing so I'm sure we were very annoying to our nail techs but they didn't show it if they were annoyed! Overall, our manicures and pedicures looked awesome and my hands and feet felt so moisturized and soft afterwards. The whole process was really cool and unique. I would definitely go back again! My manicure chipped the next day pretty badly, but that's because of what I was doing at work. It's impossible to have a manicure last more than an hour at work. My toes are perfect still though! :)
I had an excellent experience with Sarah.  I've always had great service each time I visit Pia, but this time was especially top notch.  Sarah was professional, friendly, fast, and gave me the most pain free (as much as a bikini wax can be pain free) wax I've had yet.  I would highly recommend her.
Came here with my mom for a mother-daughter outing.  My mother refuses to treat herself to any pampering so it was pulling teeth to get her to come along but by the end she was happy she came.  We each got pedicures (i got the Pure Fiji pedicure and my mother got the Customized Spa pedicure) and then my mother got a gel manicure.  Both of our estheticians were very nice.  My mother was particularly happy because her esthetician, Joselyn, was very chatty and asked her if she was enjoying her services as they went along.   My mother is very very very picky and had nothing but glowing things to say about her experience.  I have to say I wasn't accustomed to the recliner as the chair during the pedicure.  I'm use to those massage chairs with the jets in the bowl but the recliner was very comfortable, to the point i dozed off.  I probably won't be back given I live out of state but I'm going to encourage my mother to pamper herself every so often.  I know if she does she'll return here!
I came to Pia Esthetics Day Spa because it was a gift from my mom to have a spa day.  I wanted to find the best spa, and I did my research. No other spa or salon had as wonderful reviews as Pia had, and I decided to make an appointment. I feared a waiting list and was unsure whether or not they'd be able to schedule me in on such short notice. To my pleasant surprise, they had an opening for an eyebrow wax, and a Fuji bar mani+pedi the very next day.  A sweet woman named Emmy (I hope that's how she spells her name) took care of my eyebrows.  She was gentle, took her time, and was meticulous.  She didn't rush me off the table or anything.  As a matter of fact, I was so relaxed that I was close to taking a nap! After that, I had my mani+pedi with a lovely lady named Kelsey.  She talked with me the entire time, and her personality was so endearing and kind.  She took very good care of my nails, and even after I messed up the polish on the left hand, she smiled and repainted them for me without a complaint or anything.  She took her time as well, and I have never felt so relaxed. The receptionist was kind, sweet, and helpful.  All of their products were wonderful.  The atmosphere was relaxing, lovely, and even somewhat therapeutic.  Everyone I encountered there today was an angel, and I will definitely be going back and bringing my mom with me.  To say that I received good service today would be an understatement; for I received flawless service instead.
If you need a service there is no other person than Kathryn at Pia. I will follow her wherever she goes. Kathryn is AMAZING! She is professional, friendly, kind, and skilled in a wide range of services including massage, facials, waxing, spray tanning and eye lash extensions to name a few. Go to Pia Day Spa in winter Park to see Kathryn - she will be your forever spa girl. DM
Everything was great! Quick in and out....with quality!  My eyebrows look great.  With Victoria
Moving to Orlando, finding a new place to wax "down there" felt like a daunting task. I tried a couple other spas and I haven't found one I like as much as Pia. As soon as you walk in you feel relaxed. The place smells like soothing lemongrass, and the receptionist was very friendly and attentive. I've had two different people and they were both very polite and made me feel comfortable. The only reason I'm giving the place 4 stars instead of 5 is both times I had a couple stray hairs they didn't pull. Despite that, this place has still be the best I've tried yet!
I came here after searching for eyebrows shaping apparently my husband claims I'm rocking the 90s ..oh ,well. Okay so I'm super nervous about people messing with my face. I was presently surprised seeing that I was late for my first appointment (I know) friendly, smiles and warm lemon sent greeted me at the door. I was able to explain my dilemma and approx.  8 mins and $18. (Plus tip) I'm a new women! Thanks to the staff and my eyebrows guru (Kathryn A.) I will return.  (Oh, and my husband really really liked it) wink wink.
When my best friend told me she had a Brazilian wax done, I was curious but scared out of my mind.  Having a yearly done once a year is uncomfortable enough, but to have your "down there" pubes pulled while someone is studying @ your vajayJAY seemed absurd!!! So I did a lot of online searching for a "trusted" Brazilian waxing spot.  I stumbled upon the Pia Esthetics site and read all the reviews.  I was greatly influenced and decided to make my first appt. So fast forward to my upcoming 4th "COMPLETELY BARE" waxing...I am totally hoooked!!!  I already tried two esthecians and they BOTH rocked!  They make you feel super comfortable and help you relax before, during, and after the waxing! EVEN the receptionist is so sweet and hospitable! I totally recommend ANYONE (even a dude) to have their first "down there" waxing here!!!   P.S.  It is pricey, but you get what you pay for! ;)
The best Massage and Manicure, I love the Receptionist. Love it.
Best place in Orlando for waxing services!  I have been coming to Pia for over 6 months now and have never been disappointed! The staff is very friendly! Kathryn is amazing and so kind! I highly recommend Pia for any of your waxing needs!
I went here for a bikini wax after reading all of the great reviews and I was not disappointed.  Beautiful and relaxing interior, sweet and friendly receptionist Siobhan, and loads of product lines that were new to me (despite my thinking that I am quite the beauty product connoisseur!). Kathryn, my aesthetician, was absolutely gorgeous and well-presented, gentle and professional.  She gave me a great  and long-lasting wax, with no pain, no drips, and no sticky mess.  I will definitely return and refer others.  Fabulous experience and my new favorite spa!
Pia came highly recommended, and as usual it did not disappoint! I had a facial and a mani\pedi, it's one of the spa packages they offer. It was an afternoon of indulgence, the kind that leaves you sparkling, happy and relaxed. Each service took about an hour to complete, and while the mani\pedi was pretty standard, the facial was absolutely divine! I've never had one that felt so good on my skin and really let me relax. I have very sensitive skin and the esthetician talked over my skin care routine, what works and what doesn't before she started.  It was a wonderful experience that I've already started saving up for again.
I have had massage for deep tissue work, facials, waxing and mani/pedi. Everything was perfect and I'm a sort of spa freak. It's not the ritz carlton but the efficacy and efficiency outweighs the occasional train chugging by. waxing is always perfecto! I've worked with most of the techs there. they are thorough and detailed. Nails last FOREVER. Very helpful, Sweet, professional ladies. Everyone there is a superstar. Perfectionist!!! If you need a practical place you can count on I cannot recommend them enough. Just go. Try it. and they have discounts on Mondays!
I go here for the Eyelash Perming. Yep, Eyelash Perming! Ladies, if you haven't tried it, I definitely recommend it. Especially if you are tired of using that eyelash torture device on a daily basis. I have been doing it for about 6 years and am addicted. My lashes are long and a bit straight. This curls them right up and brightens your whole face. It lasts about a month for me. I usually get mine done by Bilyana, but alas she has left. Beatrice took care of me this last time and she was wonderful! I recommend to go back a few days later to get them tinted. No more mascara needed during the day!
I received a coupon for my birthday so I scheduled a last minute manicure and was thrilled to hear that I'd have Jo as my technician. Jo is one of my favorite people at Pia. She's always friendly and does a wonderful job with my nails. They always look beautiful and she finishes them relatively quickly. Give this girl a raise!
After a rough few weeks and a plague of awful headaches, I decided to book a couple's massage here at Pia. The reviews I saw were great and the place lived up to the hype for the most part. Along with the massage came complimentary wine and chocolate-covered strawberries to start. Yum! The masseuses were very warm and personable. Among the relaxing aroma, the dim lighting, and the complimentary wine, I was sent into ecstasy. My only complaints are the price and the quality of the massage. I enjoy deep, thorough massages; however, the masseuse had some trouble kneading my back how I would have preferred. The price, also, was a bit steep for the length of the massage. I've been to spas in New York, Miami, and Costa Rica that have provided much longer massages at the same price if not a better one -- and I've never complained about the quality of the massage either. Overall, though, I would come back, but with different expectations. The staff was very friendly and the location is great: close to the amazing restaurants of Winter Park. After the massage, we headed just down the road for dinner and drinks. Enjoy!
I had laser hair-removal "down there" in 2005, but I wanted a sexier look for an upcoming trip to see my long-distance man. Pia doesn't disappoint. My esthetician was quick and and professional and made the whole hair-yanking thing bearable. The complementary glass of Sangria certainly didn't hurt, either. The decor well-done... colorful walls and Pier 1 furniture. I was also pleasantly surprised by the staff, who were not at all snobby like most other Winter Park spas. Definitely worth the price! My only gripe is that the girl who called to confirm my appointment offered a free 10 minute chair massage prior to the wax, but the massage therapist wasn't available when I showed up. A bummer, but I still plan to go back to Pia for all of my lady-grooming needs.
I totally agree , i have been going for my waxes to PIA , and there is no one like them, I am so picky abput one little hair left behind, you know ladies how it is, we hate half jobs, like coming home and grabbing the tweezers for whats been left behind, My husband also had a massage there and he said they were amazing, WE love PIA
I had a great first experience at this spa yesterday. Once you walk in the door you notice how clean and upbeat it is. The staff was super friendly and helpful and the waxing service was great. I highly recommend this place!
Once again, Yelp has steered me in the right direction for the best in town, Thank you, fellow Yelpers! I got a 60 minute bamboo massage from Kathryn and it was everything I expected and more. They ask questions prior to the massage to help gauge where you would like to focus on. In my case, my upper body needed attention since my personal trainer worked me there yesterday. Kathryn was very professional. I asked her to leave my feet alone since I'm really ticklish there and she respected my request. She showed me the bamboo she was going to use on me. Then, she asked how much pressure I'm comfortable with. I didn't have to tell her to go softer or harder during the hour; she put just the right amount of pressure on my knots and kinks (it's like that saying, "it hurts so good"). However, don't be afraid to communicate with these ladies, they are all about making the most out of your experience. She said some of her clients go completely nude and others keep their underwear on. I ended up taking everything off except my underwear and socks. You nestle up under bed-like sheets in a dimly lit room; it was very relaxing. I had tea bags put on my eyes at one point and that definitely helped my "CM Punk eyes" (he's a WWE wrestler). At the end, I didn't feel rushed to get dressed and she gave me a cup of water to drink (also drink water before you get a massage done!). Overall, it was wonderful! Kathryn is really good with deep tissue. Yes, it is a tad bit pricey but like I've always said, you get what you pay for. I got professional and quality service. I will definitely be coming back!
I purchased a gift of day spa treatments for my son and his fiance' ( my new daughter to be) for the day before their wedding.   When I called the Spa to pay for the day at the spa, the front desk instilled no confidence in my purchase. Half way through the process I was put on hold fora very long time- too long- so long, I hung up and had called back There seemed to be a lot of confusion- unknowing-hesitation. Apologies, but not a smooth process. I am hoping the services do not follow suit of the front desk. The gate keeper is the first point of contact with new customers there should be polished professionalism at that point, that's how it done. I was left feeling uneasy about the entire spa, services, and whether or not my family would be cared for well enough as they prepared for their special day.
Did not feel very comfortable at the salon nor was very impressed with the staff. Had called and left a message to cancel my polish change after not very happy with the way my hands were painted the first time. Apparently they don't check their messages because they called and left a message the day and time of the appt I had originally cancelled with a 2 day notice. Don't have the option for a customer to leave a message if the staff won't check them! Will not come back or recommend to others.
Always a little skeptical trying a new salon, especially for my waxing needs. I've been avoiding finding myself a new place ever since moving back here to Florida, but I finally bit the bullet and found Pia had a pretty good review here on yelp. I was definitely not disappointed! The atmosphere was relaxing and everyone was so nice! Since it was my first time coming I only got my eyebrows done, but Emmie did such an amazing job....I know I will be coming back regularly and for more services! It may seem a little pricey compared to these chain salons out there, but the little bit extra your paying is completely worth it!! Will definitely be going back as a regular :)
Today was my first time at this spa. It was a present from my husband and... Oh boy! what a present. Love you babe :) I started with a facial and it was divine. Then my pedi, not what I expected for the price, but I won't complain, don't want to ruin my day. Then my bamboo massage, well just want to tell you I found myself snoring at times, it was amazing. I definitely will choose this spa in the future. The girls were awesome, they had great personalities, attitudes and were helpful. In conclusion.... I LOVED IT, I will be BACK.
I found Pia Esthertics Day Spa via Yelp and I am so glad I did! My husband and I schedule Spa Dates @ Pia and we have our mani/pedis together. Jo is a fantastic nail and make up tech. Love, love, this lovely boutique spa!
The day after this review, Melissa from Pia called and apologized and offered a free service. Aside from this one incident, they have been a very good and reliable spa. While I still find the one stylists' behavior inappropriate, the salon itself did everything it could to make up for it. Thank you, Melissa.
Got my sister a package for her birthday. Mani/pedi/massage $120. They made her feel very special. Gazelle (sp?) did a great massage and "man-handled" her just right. Gazelle is a female. Mani/pedi was in big comfy chair. She loved it. Receptionist was very helpful.
As always, my experience at PIA was absolutely fantastic.  Beatriz did a wonderful job with my facial and massage.  (I told my husband this was by far the best facial I've ever had) I was also very relieved when I arrived an hour early by mistake but they were still able to accommodate me without waiting.  I believe that Asodeh was the receptionist on duty when I visited and she was most helpful, polite and very friendly.  This is why I come back to PIA, and why I recommend it.  Good customer service isn't very important to most companies now a days but it still is at PIA and it shows! Professional, friendly, helpful!  I can go on and on about how happy I was with my service.
The cleanest, most sterile environment I have EVER been to for a Brazilian- and believe me, I've been almost everywhere in Orlando. Not to mention, they give you a heavy-handed pour of Chardonnay (on the house) to dull the pain. Who can argue with that remedy? Not me. They have a ton of products in the lobby for purchase, but when I was discussing an anti-shine serum with one of the women, she actually advised me to purchase something cheaper at a drugstore. I really appreciated the non-pushy nature and honesty. That's not something you find everyday. I will be returning, for both eyebrows and Brazillian.
Went to Pia to get a pedicure today (courtesy of my lovely boyfriend) and fell in love the moment I walked in the door! Victoria has to be one of the sweetest people I've ever met and she did an incredible job. I will definitely be back to try getting my eyebrows done here :)
Needed something while I was in town for a couple of days and checked Yelp which lead me to Pia for waxing services. I was not disappointed. I saw Beatriz. Slightly different techniques than my usual aesthetician but effective, sanitary and relatively painless (I know that's hard to believe but true). Would definitely come back next time I'm in town and would recommend to friends. Had to wait a bit before my appt but still finished on time relative to what I expected so it was quick. I'll still give 5 stars since I ultimately finished on time without feeling rushed. Walked around the cute little boutique in the front while I waited. On a side note, I was impressed they use Zoya nail polish (it's free of the 3 big carcinogens) for nails. Makes me want to go get a manicure there before I leave. P.S. To all you ladies who think this is pricey--you haven't seen California prices then :P
Oh, Pia. I have been going here for over three years now. It all started with a pumpkin peel facial with Gosia (who unfortunately isn't there any longer). But she got me hooked! Now I always see Beatriz or Marcela - both wonderful ladies. Marcela is extremely detailed and gentle. Beatriz is no-nonsense and quick. What this translates to: Have Marcela (when she is back from maternity leave) do your facials and gel nails. Have Beatriz do the waxing. That's my advice! :) But no matter what therapist you get, they are all stars at Pia and you'll never be disappointed. This place is clean, classy and serious about their work. Five stars all the way.
Love this place! For pedicures you will not find a more clean, sterile solution than the silver bowls that are used for soaking feet at Pia. These bowls are thoroughly cleaned after each use so there's never a worry about cleanliness like the horror stories I've heard. Plus, they offer a couple different types of pedicures at very reasonable prices and will get you in and out in an hour or less, depending on the type of pedi. I just love the bowl concept and haven't found any other locations in town that use this method. Oh and their aestheticians are all top notch. Definitely check them out.
I just came here recently for the first time for a Brazilian wax. She did a great job and I will come back again. I used to go to Karen at Tan310 for 4 years until she sold the business. It's now under new ownership and a terrible new name, and I needed to find a new place. I'm happy to have found Pia.
Loved my first time here! Had a manicure and pedicure with Jo. Great little house-turned-spa with fun people. A little on the expensive side but totally worth it - loved the special touches and had a great conversation with all of the employees. I'll be back!
Long overdue review!  I got married in November and wanted to take my small bridal party to a spa/salon to get a mani/pedi and some pampering. We LOVED this place!  Very cozy setting and relaxing environment.  The staff was extremely professional and very friendly.  We got Pure Fiji Bar mani/pedis, we all picked mango because it smelled so good!  I almost fell asleep in the chair during my pedi, it was so wonderful!  Our polish and french pedis lasted well beyond the destination wedding (cruise ship, beaches, etc.).  Prices were very reasonable. I will DEFINITELY be returning and I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a spa in the Orlando area.
We were just getting started with our new jobs, moving into our new townhouse, and there was a lot of stress.  I had to get the wifey something special to cheer her up.  Every time I drive down Fairbanks I see Pia, so I finally stopped in to see what they were all about.  The women that helped me were all really nice.  They let me pick out and pay for a service that I wanted to get her, and then I had the gift certificate delivered with some flowers.  I was king, at least for the rest of that day.  I would recommend Pia for any occasion to all the dudes out there that want to cheer up their better half.  These ladies know what they are doing and they provide good service.
Yes, waxing can be uncomfortable to say the least, so it takes a light hand and a good spa to make the experience even slightly-less-than-painful. The setting here is in an old craftsman house, so it's cozy, not sterile like many spas. I saw Beatrice and she did a great job, even powdered my brows a little to reduce the appearance of redness (I didn't ask her to repeat the process on my bikini line!). After waxing, I had a cup of coffee waiting for me! I will try to come back soon for a manicure--I saw that they have OPI and Zoya. OPI always has the newest colors, and Zoya is a fabulous line that doesn't use toxic ingredients and their polishes have a lot of pigment, so they last.
I've been going here for almost 6 years now. I usually have the same woman for waxing, but even when I haven't, the experience has still been great and very high quality.
The only place to go for a Brazilian wax. Yes, it is painful, but it only lasts about 10 minutes. They are extremely quick and skilled compared to anywhere else in Orlando.
Kathryn is the absolute best when it comes to waxing! I started going to her a year ago and she did such an amazing job on my eyebrows that I refuse to see anyone else! She is consistent and gifted at what she does. Thank you Kathryn!
Although I am from New York City, I got married in Winter Park, and I had a great experience at Pia. The staff was friendly, they offered me and my bridesmaid tea while we waited, and the waxing service was quick, relatively painless, and I felt completely at ease. When I'm back in the area, I'll be sure to stop by again.
I went here for a pedicure a couple months ago and loved it. The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because it is pretty expensive although first time yelp users get 10 or 15% off their first visit which helps(I can't remember which one). This place has some of the best customer service I've ever seen especially in a nail salon mainly by the receptionist, she was great. I love how they use bowls for pedicures, much more hygienic than the tubs they use at other nail salons. I also got a chance to talk to the skin care specialist about a product they were selling and she was pretty new at the time and didn't know a lot about what I was asking but she helped me as much as she can and was very nice.
My wife and I always go to Pia in Winter Park.  The staff there is awesome, and I usually need a VERY DEEP tissue massage, which they can handle also.  We get the couples massage, super relaxing!
Definitely the best place to get a bikini wax in Orlando. Great location and excellent staff, I highly recommend Pia!
I have only been to Pia for waxing but the experience has been great every time.  Everyone is very friendly and they always fit me in even at the last minute.  I will definitely  go back for more services. The atmosphere is also very nice. I highly recommend checking Pia out.
I originally had an 11am appointment for yesterday (10/12/11).  At 9:35am I called and asked if there was a 10am appointment still open.  There was and I booked it with the hopes of leaving there and getting to my hair salon for a cut and style before picking my children up from school at 1pm.   I arrived at 9:45, knowing that I was early and would wait a few minutes. I did not go back into the room with Beatriz until 11am, my original appointment time.  I was told repeatedly that she was "almost done" and "would be out in a second". This went on for over an hour.  It was particularly frustrating to hear it after waiting 45 minutes because the receptionist told me she would probably be able to take me earlier than 10am because she was almost done with her appointment prior to mine. While the specialist was fine over all, I don't think I will return anytime soon.  I don't have the kind of time in my day to wait over an hour for an appointment.
Best spa in orlando . I had a back massage there . Staff is so nice and hospitable. My masseuse is Shae. She was great. Made me feel very comfortable, and I had a lot of improvement in my back pain. Good atmosphere, and price was very reasonable. I will definitely be back.(no pun intended)
I've had Beatriz perform my waxing services several times and she has always been professional, thorough, clean and courteous.   My overall experience is very positive.
Thank you yelpers for leading me to this place. I will definitely come back to get my brazillian done by Emmie. I had 2nd thoughts of putting her name out there because I want to make sure I can get an appt with her in the future...but excellent work is excellent work...she deserves the public kudos. The receptionist made me comfortable from the time I walked in. She made me coffee and was really nice...not fake nice because she has to be. It was a wonderful experience.
I love gong to Pia for various salon needs. I have been going there for years for my eyebrow/lip waxing. I just got a spray tan there for the first time and I love it. My tan is natural looking, not streaky, even and it's lasted longer than any spray tan I've had elsewhere. I also love getting mani/pedi's at Pia. They are the best all the way around!
Pia will be the only place I go for my spa treatments from this day forward!  If you blink while driving you will drive right by, but there is nothing small about this business. I recently visited for my spa treatment and was impressed with the clean, fashionably exquisite design, and  the customer service seemed limitless. Their staff was cordial, respectful and had a level of expertise about products to use for your experience after you leave Pia. which I am enjoying now. A real treat for anyone seeking relaxation. I admired the expertise of thier staff as well as how timely they were.
I NEVER write reviews, but I felt I really needed to after my boyfriend was so thoughful and surprised my mom and I with a gift certificate to Pia after reading good reviews. The place is clean, and the front desk girl is very nice. But the experience for how expensive it is, I'd never go back. The manicure pedicure was almost $100 and you'd think they would give you an outstanding experience. The technicians were not talkative at all or very friendly with recommendations. It was the quickest experience I've ever had and it is a spa. Nothing stood out, they didn't massage your hands and barely even rubbed our feet. I'd much rather go to a quick nail place with a way better experience and better price. Next I had a massage a week later. Worst massage of my life. I hate being so honest but I went in for a deep tissue massage and told the lady I love a lot of pressure and she barely pressed the whole entire time. It was horrible. I felt like anyone could do what she did. So overall I would never go back and would never recommend this place to anyone.
