I received a facial today from Adriana at the Beauty on the Spot location on Thorton Ave, and this visit was just as lovely as my first. She was very sweet and professional, and explained everything to me since it was my first "real" facial. My skin looks amazing, and I got a nice little rub down in between product applications. I cant say enough good things about this place, just GO!
I've come here for massages, facial, peels and microdermabrasions. Wow I totally just gave myself away! Anyway, The Beauty Spot is my favorite place to go for such services, and you can generally find an online deal somewhere to knock a few bucks off the price. The spa doubles as a boutique where you can be pampered AND shop. What a girl wants! They also have some great sales racks, so budget in some shopping time and $$. Parking in College Park can sometimes be a B but I've had luck, going early in the day and on weekdays.
This place is awesome. I went in for a Massage and Manicure , i wanted a creamy nude polish and i was introduced to gel polish by Shana. What a great time i had with Shana! 1. She did an amazing job on my nails, she is very detail oriented and what a refreshing difference it makes to be able to  actually carry on an intelligent conversation with your nail specialist! Our conversation span the whole gamut from Six Sigma to Vivaldi to Cape verde and everything in between! What an enjoyable experience! I still can't believe my polish dried so fast and i don't have to worry about smudging my newly done polish! The team leader- Jenn was very pleasant too! I'm looking forward to going back and telling my friends about my great find!
First I will preface this by saying I used to enjoy The Beauty Spot.  I thought it was great, you can get pampered and buy super cute clothes at the same time.  That was until I bought a Groupon... I understand that with Groupon, Living Social, etc. businesses tend to be busier than normal and I'm pretty easy going so that doesn't bother me.  However, I do expect good customer service no matter what, that should never be compromised. The Groupon I purchased was one of the first one's they did and it was a great deal - pedicure, facial and massage.  Each was a shorter service so I upgraded all of them to get a great experience.  So yeah, I wasn't just being cheap, I was a paying customer.  I wasn't able to combine all of the services to one appointment so I started with my pedicure.  It went off without a hitch.  I enjoy pedicures there and they recently upgraded their chairs (haven't tried them yet, but they sound delightful).   Now on to the facial and massage.  I was able to schedule them for one day, so I planned a day of relaxation. yay! Not so fast...my facial was AMAZING but then after I was all relaxed and ready for my massage they told m they'd overbooked.  What? You mean, they couldn't figure that out before I drove all the way to college park? Fine.  It's ok. I'm getting a great deal.  I'll live. Not so fast.  My massage then went on to be cancelled 2 more times by The Beauty Spot.  Really? Now I'm frustrated and not feeling like an important customer.  When my massage finally goes down it pretty much sucks. I was in a makeshift massage room, no biggie, they are extra busy.  But the massage therapist stopped every few minutes, was she taking a break? No clue.  It seemed like she was checking her phone every 5 minutes (unprofessional, there should be no breaks) and then she didn't even give me my whole 50 minutes! At the end she proceeded to tell me I had a big knot that she didn't work out because it'd make me sore. Duh! That's why I'm here. Give me the option. So I'm over The Beauty Spot.  It's unfortunate because, as I said, I love the concept.  I love their monthly newsletter with great deals and I loved my facial.  But I'd much rather go somewhere with a more relaxing atmosphere that's a bit pricier (not that they are cheap) and really enjoy my time at the spa and receive great customer service. I don't know how they treat other customers but the customer service was unacceptable for anyone who walks through their door. They do Groupon, Living Social, etc. all the time so they must not hate it that much.
I like having my epidermis massaged! There, I said it! This is a one stop shop, beauty-wise, for any woman in the Orlando area. If you're living here and you haven't bothered to stop in, you're doing yourself a huge disservice.  Sure, it looks like someone threw up a ton of Pepto Bismol but I happen to find the pink very cute and girlie, which is okay every once in a while. The staff is genuine and extremely helpful, no fake smiles here! I happened to score an awesome deal from Living Social for a "swiss miss" Swedish massage for $29 and I wish I had purchased more. The room was very posh. Soothing background music, a pink chandelier, and artwork decorated the walls. Dwayne, my masseuse, had an extremely bubbly personality and seemed to work all the knots out of my back. After my 50 minutes was over, he handed me a cute little tumbler filled with water. He emphasized the importance of hydrating and seemed happy that I felt better. I guess my knots were bigger than I thought. Oh, stress! I noticed that they offer a Membership Program ($49/month) which includes: + Choice of a When In Doubt Facial, Swiss Miss Massage, or Basic Mani/Pedi + Each additional service (from above) is $39.95 during the month + Member only parties held seasonally + 15% off enhancements, upgrades, and waxing + 15% off boutique items and skincare products + special member only pricing on all shelves I didn't get a chance to partake in any of their other services, but I'll definitely be back in the near future.
Went a month ago during finals for a massage and body scrub.  I'd been before and enjoyed the experience but since then the staff and ambiance has changed.  I walked in and was told to have a seat to wait for my appointment.  The receptionist offered everyone around me tea and water, as I just sat there.   When I was finished with my massage the receptionist was in the middle of receiving a pedicure so I had to wait to check out... The massage was good, my masseuse was friendly, but the service rhymed with bitty. I won't be back.
My favorite spot for some "me" time :-) I've been to the Beauty Spot for a bunch of different spa services, including pedicures, massages, body scrubs and facials, and every single time has been perfection. Scheduling is a little tough if you want a specific massage therapist or want to walk-in for a last minute appointment, so I recommend booking in advance to avoid that. They have excellent membership deals (better than the chain massage places) and there always seems to be some type of special online (livingsocial, groupon, etc) for a discount. The decor is so cute with all the pinks and the relaxing candles, it's a fun shop too if you're looking for some accessories (the clothes are only in limited sizes - boutique). The massage therapists are so friendly, really like a friend and willing to help you with whatever is ailing you (just ran a half marathon, just took an 8-hour long test...) - they are experts! I love this place and will keep going back!
I had a chance to try out the Beauty Spot for a "Swiss Miss" massage. The spa is very girly and super pink, it would be perfect to host a bachelorette party or something along those lines...very chic. However what's not so chic is that upon entry I was not even offered a glass of water?. My masseuse was the the only employee that was not wearing a uniform which I thought it was a little bizarre. Then I proceeded to the massage room...it looked more like a hospital room. The walls were tiled with cheap, cracked small white tiles. The bed made awful noises every time she tried to switch sides, which was not very relaxing. I was expecting a glass of water after the massage which is common practice...but nothing happened. Overall, the massage was OK, service was mediocre and the massage rooms need to be in sync with the lobby decor,
Overall a nice place. I went with a voucher and enjoyed my experience here... though I probably would not want to pay full price. Environment is really cute, definitely girly, lots of pink. I liked that they played a variety of interesting music that was relaxing ..at times a bit funky.. but not just Enya! I did hear an old Tori Amos song. They sell a lot of designer clothes like BCBG - the prices were too high for me but they were fun to look at. They also sell a variety of jewelry, charms, bags, shoes, and skin/body/bath products. MASSAGE - with Heather, a talented therapist with a soothing but firm and strong touch. I asked for firmer/deeper pressure but explained that my low back is more sensitive, yet I did actually say "ow" a couple times during the massage. My one tip for her is to check in w/the client once in a while about the pressure level. Otherwise she was great and I felt very relaxed afterwards! PEDICURE - with Daphni, who was great. She was attentive and thorough. I upgraded for $15 extra to the BFF pedicure and I think it was worth it. My feet are so much softer now...loved the sugar scrub and foot/ankle massage... and with a hot towel! Very relaxing. The chair was a zero gravity chair. I sat down and Daphni tilted it backwards so I was kind of laying on my back with feet propped up. It was very comfy but a little awkward to look up and see my feet and her face. FACIAL - express facial (20 min) with Paige. Dermatologica brand products seem really great, like Active Moist... one of the best moisturizers I've ever felt on my skin! Oil-free and lightweight but doesn't leave skin dry. While the clay mask was on, she did a very relaxing scalp massage. Overall... If you are looking for very polished or seasoned spa professionals, this probably isn't the place for you. If you are looking for an inexpensive way to treat a friend to a relaxing afternoon at a spa, this place is great! (Look for one of their deals on sites like Yelp or Half Off Depot.)
This was my first time at the Beauty Spot.  I had a manicure and pedicure done by Daphne.  The Beauty Spot offers a variety of services and they also sell clothing, lotions, candles and miscellaneous items.  Lots of cute clothes although even with the discounts, it's still more than I'd like to spend. The staff here is very friendly here and attentive.  I selected two colors for my nail polish and it became a beautiful tropical pink/orange.  They used OPI nail polish and SpaRitual.  The SpaRitual nail polish is vegan.  I didn't even know they made such a thing! I had a waterless pedicure as well.  Never knew about that either.  Apparently I need to get out more.  So with this pedicure, you sit in a zero-gravity chair which was quite comfortable. Imagine your sitting in a chair and it's 90 degrees down so your toes are up.  This was definitely a unique experience but thoroughly enjoyable.   The music was more indie/soft rock-ish, good vibes in here.  Daphne was very personable and she did an amazing job. I had a halfoffdepot voucher and I had no issue have it redeemed.  Great atmosphere, super nice staff, beautiful looking nails~!  YAY!
The Beauty Spot is still a great day spa located in College Park, right on Edgewater Drive where you can park on the street or in the Garage of the building located behind the shop. My most recent trip had me enjoying a Mani/Pedi GC from a friend, which I upgraded the mani part to a gel polish manicure. I've got natural nails, so a regular polish mani looks like crud by the time I get home, next day, if I'm lucky due to my lack of concern for my nails once they are painted. (Like when I reach into my purse to pay for said mani or get my keys to leave!) The Beauty Spot pedi and nail stations have been completely revamped since my last visit, if you've haven't been in the last few months...you must come to try them out!! The new pedi chairs are pretty cool and look like a stylish white mod-modern chair from an Austin Powers movie, but wait, there is more to that chair. Adam completed my nail services and did a wonderful job. To start, he brought out a very pretty, large pot filled with warm water and a few large black river rocks at the bottom. Chair massage on, I'm soaking and getting buffed, scrubbed, filed and a thorough cuticle removal. Feet dried, Adam removes the large pot and takes my chair remote control, button pushed and I'm smoothly tilted back with my feet elevated past my heart. I mentioned this, because when you recline, this is the optimum level to reduce swelling, etc. I'm very comfy and humming along with the awesome 80's alternative mix playing overhead as I'm fully reclined. I settle into my happy place for the best foot massage of my life. I now *love* Adam and am currently considering how he can be adopted or how I can become a mega millionaire so Adam's foot rubs can become a regular part of my life. Seriously. Toes were perfectly polished and I'm on to the mani. I already had Shellac on, so my topcoat was lightly buffed and I soaked in acetone. The last few shellac mani's (elsewhere) I've had removed used a soaked cotton ball placed on my nail and then finger tip wrapped in tinfoil. My dark polish was easily removed through the soaking method, with little scraping on my nail. Much less wear and tear on the nail than the soaking cotton ball, tin foil and the scrape, scrape, scraping method. Beauty spot uses Orly Gel FX polish instead of Shellac, so I had many more pretty colors to peruse. The Orly brush had a shorter more compact in-bottle brush than the Shellac and the polish went on very nice. Much nicer than my last few Shellac manis, especially at the cuticle line. The main difference between Orly Gel FX and Shellac is the curing time, it's 1/2 the time of the Shellac and uses LED lights instead of UV lights. The polish provided good coverage and the topcoat shine is super shiny- not dulled at all after being exposed to the same bath products, lotions, cleaners and perfumes that dulled my Shellac manis. All said, I'm now a big fan of Orly Gel FX mani's. And Adams mad nail skills along with his awesome foot massages, in case I neglected to mention the foot massage. Awesome. Once again, before arriving for my appointment, I was emailed and texted by their appointment reminders system. I received a text a few days before and the day prior. Very nice reminder system.
I like all Beauty Spots, but I specifically like this location the best. The College Park area in Orlando is a great area in general. Beauty Spot is tucked in-between restaurants, ice cream shops, and clothing shops, but once you step inside it is such a peaceful place. I've been there multiple times and will continue to go to this location. They have a great staff, and masseuses...reasonable prices - nothing out of the ordinary. I would definitely recommend Beauty Spot as a spa location you should try out!
This place is lovely. The locale is gorgeous! They offer all the top beauty services for men and women. They also offer a grand variety of unique merchandise, jewelry, novelties and clothing. The Beauty Spot is a big supporter of the Local Arts often inviting artists to sell and display their work in the spa. The staff is wonderful and hip. I highly recommend making a stop at the Beauty Spot to de-stress and get to looking your best!
In love! I had a halfoffdepot.com coupon for the Beauty Spot and finally decided to use it. I got a french manicure and a pedicure and was oh so pleasantly surprised to find out they carry VEGAN nail polish!! Yay! My nail tech Charde did a fabulous job and I will definitely be returning to get my nails done and try out some of their other services. They have great products as well as clothing and accessories. I really like the decor and atmosphere. Pink and posh with a boho chic kinda feel. I would definitely go here again.
A couple months ago I decided to finally to try this place. A friend of mine does some work for them and suggested going here. Glad I did! First off, it's much bigger inside than I thought. Wow! Love the big seating area in the back. Great set up all around. My first service was a facial. I decided on the When In Doubt facial so I could let the esthetician decide on any add ons once she evaluated my face. If I remember correctly, I tried the calming mask. My face felt and looked wonderful after. Next up was the Salt Scrub. This was no pansy little scrub. This was a full exfoliation of the body and just what I needed! After the scrub, I was able to shower before my therapist applied a wonderful moisturizer. I highly recommend getting this service. I felt so good after! I love that this place also is a boutique. Lots of lovely things to buy. Loads of jeans! My therapist was lovely, but I found the front desk staff standoffish. They barely said two words to me when I checked-in. After my services when I decided to browse the boutique part, none of them said anything to me. Didn't try to suggest or help me. I also had to stand there quite a while before they would finally check me out. I don't even think the girl looked me in the eye or said goodbye. You would think this place was on Park Ave. Spa, services, and my therapist - 4 stars! Front desk staff - 1 star...
I second Lisa W's comments about Adam. He is the bomb diggity. Is it still cool to say that? He gives a phenomenal foot-massage during your pedi and did a fantastic job on the gel manicure that I was trying out as a possibility for my upcoming wedding. He's super fun, too. I'll definitely be visiting him on the regular. As a side note - I brought my mom in for a mani/pedi during her recent visit to Orlando. She's almost seventy and has never had a manicure or pedicure. The manager (I feel like a jerk for not remembering her name - also a lot of fun) made her really comfortable and my mom talked about how rejuvenating it was for days. Sit in the white pedicure chair if you can!
I had the 30 minute quick facial and added the steam & extractions fro the extra $20 (TOTALLY WORTH IT). Amazing facial with the brown haired aesthetician with a 5 year old son.. Annette? Hm. Anyway, I am making this a monthly thing because a week later my skin has never looked so good. Seriously. Wind in my pores I was so clean. Thanks!
This was my first visit here and it was definitely a pleasant one.  The staff here are genuinely caring and helpful.  Everyone from reception, massage, and nails were always smiling and checking to see if I was taken care of or if I wanted refill on my beverage.  Although the wait was a bit long, even with an appointment.  My first session was the body scrub and massage.  I was taken to this cozy and posh looking room with dimly lit chandelier and soothing background music.  The massage was pretty satisfactory for me, it got rid of my shoulder cramp.  Next I was taken to the manicure area-I had quite an enjoyable time chatting with the nail tech and she did a great job on my french manicure.
Had a relaxing gel "waterless" manicure with Christina. This was my first time visiting the Beauty Spot and it was super cute, so pink and girly. Liked the decor and thought it was cool they were playing indie type music. Also there are cute tops, skirts, and dresses for sale around the interior of the store.  This was a different experience than I am accustom to with a spa. The Beauty Spot feels like a hybrid of spa and store. Although my manicure was expertly done, I miss the use of water since it feels so refreshing on my hands. I like this place and would go back since I see they have lots of promotions and packages to choose from for discounts.
This beauty haven has been dubbed "a total one stop shop" because of it's diversity among fashion and beauty services and merchandise. The Beauty Spot not only caters to those who want to be pampered by getting their nails and toes done, a relaxing massage, a much needed facial or indulging in some aromatherapy, but also to those who LOVE to shop and can't resist cute boutiques with unique fashion finds. A spa and trendy fashion boutique in one...what's not to love? Aside from their many spa services, the Beauty Spot carries designer clothes, shoes and accessories as well as various beauty and skin care products. Some of the brands they carry include Betsey Johnson, custo, true religion, free people, ranahan and voom. Because they are  a small shop, they have a limited variety and only get three to four copies of each item, but that means their merchandise is always changing, bringing in newer things to the store on a regular basis. The Beauty Spot also has a party lounge that is used for many events throughout the year and is perfect for having a girls day or night out. From time to time you can purchase a package of spa treatments and services for a price that is severely discounted...you'd be a fool to turn down the offer if you ever come across one. Overall, I'm a fan!
This is in a great location for me, I could even ride my bike here (when I get a bike that is).  They offer a variety of services and sponsor fun events throughout the year. They also have a varied selection of clothing and accessories, so you can shop before/after your treatment. I've had a facial here - the aesthetician did a good job. I will definitely come back for more services. Especially brows, since I see they've received a glowing review by a fellow yelper.
Everyone is so attentive and welcoming here!   I went here recently to get my brows done and they look perfect.  Although the waxing is a little more expensive than I am used to, it is well worth it.   Kaleigh was my esthetician.  She was perky and bouncy. Much better than my surly Asian lady that I used to go to. She explained to me that she was a "perfectionist" which I am all for (especially when it comes to hair removal).  The facilities are clean, the music is relaxing and they gave me a free waxing service for the next time I come in.   I will definitely be back!! *Though I just walked in, i have heard they can get booked up so, it may be best to make an appointment.*
This is such a girlie place & I loved that. In the front of the spa is a small boutique that sells unique clothing & shoes, which is so neat and creative. Also in the front is a posh lounge area for waiting and for mani & pedicures.   The spa had a shabby chic mod feel, with pink walls and mod white leather furniture, it felt like you were in a very hip location, somewhere to hang out for happy hour with the girls on Friday night. The receptionist was very nice and professional also the massage was amazing. The room was huge, very spacious and the modern vibe carried on in there as well.  The sound system wasn't working in that room so the masseuse hooked up her pandora to the speakers and it was awesome. Overall I had a very relaxing and enjoyable experience.
The manicure/pedicure experience here is unlike any other. You're not in the traditional "massage chairs" for the pedicures and they don't use those jetted tubs for your feet. Instead, it's standard to have a papaya oil-infused bowl of water for your pedicure where it's important that your feet are above/at the level of your heart. So relaxing.
I called to make an appointment for facial but the receptionist was so rude, so my experience at this place stopped there. They lost a potential long term customer, too bad .
Had a wonderful experience getting pedi. Sarah Grace was awesome. Thank you
The Beauty Spot is a little oasis on Edgewater. I have been there for nails and waxing. I find the place to be welcoming and clean. While you wait there are many things to look at, including candles, lotions, clothes, and jewelry. I especially like one of the estheticians Bridget. She is professional and very detailed. I will be back as soon as my eye brows grow out again. Let's hope it's not too soon.
This place is great! I went in there the other day because my friend had recommended it as a great spa, which it was (i got the "When In Doubt" facial and it was awesome!). What i didn't realize is that they have a whole boutique and apothecary inside as well. The clothes are all designer, celebrity-worn brands, and they carry gifts like candles which are all natural and soy based. The prices are actually not bad at all, there's something for every budget. Even though some of the items were high priced there were necklaces for $10 and candles for $8. They also had a special for 50% off brazilian wax while I was there....still thinking about that. I will definitely go in again though and I highly recommend it as a one-stop-shop for every beauty need you may have!
The spa decor is made to appeal to women.  It is very, for the lack of better word, girly.  The staff was nice and helful and recommended me the "Swiss Massage" .  The massage was good, although I have received better.  My only other knock about the spa is the rooms itself.  They were very bland, white walls with not much other decor.  It just left me desiring more.  However, the experience over all was good with no major complaints.
My mom & I went here for a relaxing spa day. We each had the Citrus Bliss Package which includes a scrub and swiss massage. Both of the treatments were EXCELLENT! The employees were extremely professional & helpful. We also each got the Best Foot Forward pedicures. I could not have had a better day. We were able to get some great butter cream that happened to be on sale and I purchased a great necklace! I will be coming back!!!
I started going here based on a referral from a coworker and I'm glad I did.  Facials, mani/pedi, massages, waxing, whatever you need, they take care of you!  I love being pampered and the gals at the Beauty Spot know how to do it.  Prices are very reasonable and the service is great.
