I really liked my massage with Erin. The spa is close to my job and easy to find. I'll definitely go back.
I had a good sports massage, focusing in on my legs/hips/gluts to try to work out my IT band problems.  This was a good massage and I'll keep coming back to try to improve this running injury.  I like how this place is small without much overhead - I feel like my $$ is spent for the massage therapy and not a lot of extra fluff.
So I threw my neck out...sleeping. I woke up with a hurt neck. That's probably me getting older. I was in dire need of some neck love and was able to make an appointment at Bodyscape. Easy to schedule an appointment and they fit me right in at the end of the day. Yes, it is very tiny but I think it was very cozy. You change right in your room and hop on the table. My masseuse did a wonderful job working my neck and lower back. I get massages frequently and I think she did a nice job but actually could have gone harder for a deep tissue. Friendly with just the right amount of conversation during the massage. Wish I was offered water at the end though. I'll give them another shot to see if it gets better. Stay tuned.
I really enjoyed my hour massage at this small spa in Baldwin Park. I suffer from chronic neck and shoulder pain from a previous car accident injury which is further aggravated by working at a desk job. So I've been in the market for monthly massages and I'm trying to find THE place to go to on a regular basis. Although I don't think I've found THE place just yet, I had a great massage by Erin who worked my muscles in different ways I haven't experienced in the past. It was a painful massage and it took me the whole weekend to recover, but I did feel limber afterwards. It's a very small spa, I would have liked better blackout curtains to keep the room darker but the music was a great and relaxing selection. Overall, I'd like to come back to try their facials and other massages.
Had a prenatal massage with Mischa today and loved it! The bed they use to accommodate pregnant women is not only comfortable, but aboslutely perfect. The salon is, as others mentioned, small but for me, that was kind of nice and not at all intimidating. The entire experience was great and I will definitely be back.
Couples massage? I'll have a couple of em! Enjoyed the massage here, but would I come again? Only with a fat wallet. Erin, who massaged my partner, was amazing, from what I was told.  However I was so uninspired by my massage therapist that I forgot her name.  She was just a-ok. The place is small, with two massage rooms.  Again, this is A-ok. Across the street was some building construction, not a big deal, and probably will be over soon.  A-ok. The massage tables were not top-of-the line imo, in that there was no heating pad, and they were portable, not hydrolic.  Not the best but A-ok all in all. Kind of blew my mind that the couples massage ends up costing more than two individual massages.  Not typically like that at most places that I am used to.  Also, I had to ask twice about a first time discount (it was on the website as $10 savings for newbies), but I only got $10 off the $195 massage (making it $185).  Um, there were two new people, so wouldn't that be $20 off? Anyhow, a good experience, but not amazing.  The price really put me off - if it had been more like $140-$160, I would have given 4 stars.
Getting different kinds of massages is kind of a hobby of mine. Got one in India, tried several places in Orlando, and when I'm on vacation, I try a new place. Over the years, I've accidentally become a massage snob. So believe me when I say: getting a massage at Bodyscape isn't *just* getting a massage. They really customize the massage to what you need and they listen the entire time you're on the table. And it's not just tailored to what you say, but also how your body is reacting! Me, for example, I work a high-stress job at a desk all day. Which means my neck, back, and shoulders are always tight. Holly was able to really take care of me, so I feel much better. She even worked on my wrists (I have no idea why I never thought to ask someone to do this before!) and they feel better too!
I decided to make a reservation for massage at Bodyscape a few months ago to help relieve my stress-related tension. I was so happy I chose Erin- she is very well trained and really knows her anatomy.  I am familiar with anatomy/physiology and can tell when other practitioners know that they're doing.  I would go back to her in a heartbeat!
First of all, support local business. Don't go to one of the massage/spa chains popping up all over the place. Bodyscape focuses on massage -- there are no pedicures, manicures, waxes, etc going on, and even better, the noise associated with all that nonsense is absent. Additionally, the location is not a main thoroughfare, so you don't hear a lot of cars driving by. I have tried a ton of spas in Orlando, and it has been difficult to find one that provides a quality massage and a completely tranquil experience. Come here for a really thorough, peaceful massage at a reasonable price. You will not be disappointed.
Massage therapy has been a constant in my life for many years.  So I was very disappointed when I moved to Orlando and had several sub par massages.  After researching online, I found this place, and there really is no reason to look elsewhere.  The rates are reasonable, the environment friendly and relaxing, and most importantly, the therapists are competent and knowledgeable.   I do not have to tell the therapist what needs to be done, once feeling my body, I am given what is needed.
Went in for another visit. This time I saw Brandy. The massage was amazing. Excellent pressure, I was having a shoulder issue. She worked it out great! Great personality, excellent massage, and I feel 100% better. I love this place.
Highly trained, serious about Massage & Skincare.  Very professional.  Easily found in Baldwin Park area, easy street parking.   Massage from Holly is outstanding, strong where you need it, in a soothing atmosphere for stressed professionals. It does not hurt that she makes gorgeous jewelry and skin pampering products that you can purchase on the way through!
If you're looking for a massage from a well-trained, gifted healer check out Holly Lynn and BodyScape Massage in Baldwin Park.  From the moment you walk in the door of this exquisite boutique space and breathe in the soothing aroma, you know you're in for a relaxing treatment.  Holly, the owner and one of the massage therapists, is professional and attentive.  She also makes from home-grown herbs, the aromatherapuetic creams and sprays for sale in the salon.  This place is the place to go for good energy and a pamparing massage!
The best place!! Clean, affordable and amazing service!!! Misha gave me the best prenatal massage ever!!!! My husband also loved his massage!!! I'm booking also an organic facial for my next visit!!!! I recommend this place in heartbeat! We've had massages at the Waldorf, Envy Massage and we had the worst experiences ever!!! This place is amazing!!! And again the girls are excellent!!!
