Located in the Winter Park Village, this is a very nice Hand & Stone to visit. I'm starring them up because I'm considering making them my "home" H&S after my last 2 visits being so wonderful. I like my Winter Springs location, but it's difficult to get services booked at the 1 week mark. The Winter Park village location seems to be just as busy, but lets me get the appointments booked at times that work for me. Amanda did my last two massages, she was great. Worked out the kinks, but didn't cripple me or leave me feeling sore the next day. Jill did my facial and had me glowing and hydrated, really did a lovely job and had some great recommendations for me. The staff was very welcoming and friendly over the phone and when I was onsite. If you have a Hand and stone membership, all of your info is in the computer so they can pull up your account to see your months that are paid for, contact info, etc. Very convenient if you visit more than one location. Nice, relaxing atmosphere.
here's a story about a local business "Hand & Stone" In Winter Park Village.  Several months ago I became a customer of this business.  They have a program, where by you get a monthly membership for $50.00, and you receive 1 massage or treatment for free.  Any other massages are also $50.00, which is a pretty fair price.  You secure this by having a reocurring charge to a card on a monthly basis.  Well, due to travel, work and overall family busyness, there was a 3 month period where I didn't use the 3 massages that I had paid for. As some of you may know, about 2 months ago both of my credit card numbers were stolen. Needless to say that my membership with H&S didn't get paid.  There manager reached out to me to get new CC info.  In this conversation I asked what would happen If I wanted to use the 3 massages that I had ALREADY PAID FOR.  I was informed that I COULD NOT USE THEM UNTIL I PAID FOR THE 2 MONTHS MY CC WAS OUT OF SERVICE.  So basically I paid for a service that was being refused.  Yesterday I went in to ask about this.  I was told by a very nice young lady (who called "her manager") that the policy of H&S is never to due refunds.  ok, thinking to myself, that if I brought my account "current" (in other works, pay them another $100.00) that maybe then they would refund the 3 treatments that I am owed.  Well, you guessed it...The answer to that was no!  Again I was told that the policy was not to issue refunds.  There was another employee of the company who was standing there and even he said this was way wrong!  I was then told by the young lady that her manager would be in, in about 15 minutes and that she would contact by phone...You guessed, NO ONE CALLED! I guess what really bothers me is this.  When you pay for a service and you don't use, shouldn't you be able to get a REFUND?  Isn't this extortion, having to spend more money to get what you have already paid for?  I guess Ethics, Honesty and Integrity in some business's are dead.  Its all about the ALMIGHTY DOLLAR, and run over anybody you can to make.
The wife and I decided to treat ourselves for our anniversary this past weekend, and stopped in here because they ewre open on a Sunday! They had a promo of $50 for the first massage. After that it goes up to something like $80 (unless you're a member). I got a massage from Brandon (I believe that was his name). He was really knowledgeable and firm, which is what I like. I suffer from lower back pain and stiffness due to an old injury. He focused primarily on that area, and my hips because that entire area of my body gets really knotted up and stiff. My IT band is always a problem so he worked that really good, which I liked. The place was very clean and the staff at the front desk incredibly polite. They offered us water before and after our massages. My wife said she loved her massage too. But, for us, this is a once in a while thing. massages as a whole are just too expensive for us to regularly go. They tried selling us pretty hardcore on the memberships, but we aren't in a position to dedicate that much time and money. Like I told them, this was a "treat ourselves" day for our anniversary.
Every month I get a massage here, I have one of those memberships--$49 for a 1-hour massage. It's like $70 if you don't have a membership. It is a very relaxing place, feels good to be there. But the experience depends on your therapist. I have had some that talk incessantly--no thanks. I've had some that it feels like they are just rubbing suntan lotion on your back--um, again, no thanks. But when you find the right masseuse, HELLO! I wish the massage lotion was always aromatherapy, and I wish they asked at the end of the massage if there was any last spot that needed a bit of attention, I think that would be nice.
I have been to Hand and Stone at this location twice now and have another appointment already set up. The first time I went I had Ben.  It was my first time with am male masseur, but thought, what the heck.  I asked him what the protocol was, and he was very nice and calming.  He told me to just go down to what I was comfortable with.  I went with what I normally strip to.  Why make them fight with my bra straps.. Seems like it would just impede my massage.   Ben made me feel comfortable the whole time.  He did a great job and never once made me feel uncomfortable in any way.  He was a COMPLETE professional and it was the best massage I ever got.  (I almost don't want to write this review in fear of never being able to book a spot with Ben ever again!) The massage was so great that I got the package and returned the following month for the relaxation massage.  I requested Ben again and we chatted the whole time (which I have never done before, but this guy is a master at making you feel comfortable!)  We talked about his family and where I am getting married and just about everything under the sun.  I couldn't believe it when the hour was up.  Another GREAT massage!   I can't wait till Friday!!! I would recommend Hand and Stone to anyone.  They do a great job, and everyone is really nice.
Great experience and Liz Phillips (massage therapist) is absolutely AMAZING! I will definitely be back!
Great atmosphere. We were all created by front desk staff. Arrive on time other wise your time will be cut short and I assume every other spa is like that. THey have no lock in contracts available which makes signing up for a nation membership worth it. Will go back
My  therapist today was Brandon he did a great job.He is nice and friendly and explained why my muscles might be feeling the way that they were,and other technicalities.He was great asking if the pressure was okay. That is very important. I feel so much looser! And scalp massage was great. I would have stayed more than an hour!   Nice work.
The massage was pretty good, but not excellent and  I was a little annoyed with the service.  First off, when we arrived at noon for our noon appointment they asked us to fill out a one pager.  We did that leisurely while waiting for our massages.  Once we handed them to the lady upfront said that since we got their at noon and we had to fill out the paper work we were going to lose some time on the massages.  They told me over the phone to come a few mins early but she didn't mention they were booked minute to minute.  That was OK b/c i guess it was our fault for arriving at our scheduled time and not earlier.  The second was my massage, i had a bunch of knots in my neck and the lady worked them but would just move on after two mins to an easier area.   Overall not a bad experience, but I would try a few others before committing.
