I came here with work colleagues and friends as a "spa party" day before the semester started. I really enjoyed the experience and will definitely come back again and try it solo. The spa itself is cute, clean, and cozy. If you are booked as part of a spa party, you get to hang out in a nearby room all to yourself (which has a sink, shower, benches, and lockers) and eat and drink while chatting with your group. We had a lovely spread with fresh vegetables and fruit, hummus and pita, cheese, stroopwaffels and chocolate or honey, and mini cupcakes, plus red or white wine. What a fantastic way to relax! As part of my experience, I had a 30 minute massage and 30 minute pedicure. My pedicure was enjoyable but the best part was the massage with Karl Lubbers. Karl was fantastic--I told him I did a lot of running and he really got in there and released all that tension. I will be back for sure!
I hadn't been there in at least 4 years since my favorite esthetician left. They had an email special  for a free body scrub ($35) with any 60 minute service, so I decided to make a day of it.  Added a bikini wax with Natasha, and this is the first one that did not hurt at all. Moved on to the body scrub (which was always one of my favorite indulgences - no one can exfoliated as thoroughly as they do) and also a facial with Lauren. Very thorough and relaxing.  Both women were excellent.  I no longer work around the corner but it is worth the drive. Felt very comfortable there.
This was the best massage I have had! The spa was comfortable and relaxing. My husband and I both had amazing massages!  We will be back.
I have been going to the spa for over 10 years. This quaint little oasis in the middle of downtown is just what I needed. The charming little "house" makes it feel warm and tranquil inside while the hustle & bustle of every day life passes by. The services are always being updated as people come and go. They offer the full deal body experiences from your hands and feet to your face. The types of massage are just what you need - from therapeutic to relaxation. Once you get on the table the time will fly and you will leave feeling amazing. Additionally, Dominick Biunno is THE best Paramedical Aesthetician around. I get compliments on my brows and skin ALL the time. He will make you look younger and feel better about yourself. The spa also offers acupuncture- which is not as traditional but is helpful for those that need the one stop treatment. They run specials not just on holidays like some spas but all the time. The staff are always courteous and know my name when I come in. They offer me a drink of water or tea and ask if I'd like to wait in the lounge to be more comfortable while I wait. When you book a spa party you & your friends will be pampered and they bring in drinks and food. When you have a day of pampering you can lock your belongings in a locker and the robes you get are just fabulous. All the therapists and staff are very knowledgeable and can recommend the right services for the right price and person. There are other spas downtown, but none offer the array of services, the friendly staff and the pricing they do.
One of the best massages I have had in a very, very long time. Getting a massage is one of the few things I consistently indulge in because my body deserves it for constant marathon training....all that is to say I'm picky and have tried a lot of places with our moving around. My massage therapist Lauren wasn't afraid to work deep in to the muscle and when she asked about pressure I said "pretty good", which she very skillfully then asked if that meant she could go deeper or should good lighter with pressure. Loved that! Additionally, she actually spent a great amount of time working on my hip area. This is something that I think a lot of places are less comfortable with because well you kind gotta get right in things you know.  It did not feel like a routine massage (i.e. big chains) and I really loved that. The place was clean and quiet. There are two things that would have made it better: Laying on my back I have come to appreciate the small pillow or cloth over the eyes. Not that it's bright, but just keeps me focused entirely on my body and not wanting to open my eyes to look around. Another little touch I've loved is putting the headrest under my neck. Which brings me to price - I think the prices are actually really reasonable. It's certainly not as cheap as the big chains, but the massage was so much more relaxing and enjoyable without the push of sales or routine massage. I was however bummed out by their "package price". Buying a number of massages in advance only saves $5 which seems silly.
I am afraid to write about this because then I might not be able to get an appointment again, but I will go ahead because  have taken a pledge to be honest and open on Yelp. Or something to that effect. I will get right down to the point. Lauren Walker is where it's at. I have had a lot of massages in my day, including some very good ones. But this woman has made all the other massages a distant memory. She is amazing. She starts with reflexology, so you don't have to tell her what's wrong; she already knows. Then she gets to work, shaking and pounding. She does not talk or want you to talk; she's busy. At the end she does some cranial sacral magic that changed my life. When I came home from the massage my husband said I looked like "new money." And he didn't even know I had gone for a massage. Lauren is amazing. Really. Go see her now. But don't take my appointment time.
I received a gift certificate for this spa and decided to use it for my first hot-stone massage. The spa itself is gorgeous, and within five minutes I was in a comfy white robe drinking lemon water while waiting for my massage therapist, Lynn, and pretending I frequent swanky places like this all the time. I probably didn't fool anyone though :) The massage itself was amazing - at first I thought 90 minutes would seem like a long time, but by minute 60 I didn't want the massage to end! Lynn really does have magical hands, and the addition of the hot stones really helped my muscles relax. The spa itself is a bit pricy and not within my normal budget, but I'll probably go back occasionally to treat myself. They also send you information about weekend specials when you register on their website.
I booked a bridal shower spa party here months in advanced. There was a lot of confusion about what packages and pricing that I setup with them when the contract was originally signed. The person I was speaking with wasn't working there anymore and I only found that out when I called in to confirm everything a week before the event to make sure everything was in place. It felt very disorganized. I'm so glad that I called to check up because you would think they would at least have the courtesy to keep in touch with clients of what was going on and to make sure everything was correct whether or not an employee was still working there or not. At one point while at the spa, I wanted to go ahead and take care of my tab since I was waiting for my service to start. My tab would of been subtracted from the deposit I initially paid when I signed the contract. They had trouble finding records that I even paid the deposit!! At this point I was soo frustrated, but as long as the girls were having a good time and didn't notice, I was okay because it was meant for them. They have a little waiting room where the girls and I can change into robs and lock up our things. Its a nice little area. They offer drinks, but I brought my own wine and they were kind enough to offer plastic wine cups. There is a tiny shower area to get cleaned up at and a little privacy for changing. Also, a very noticeable dirty white bath rug that was hard to miss. When we were called up for our services, the masseuses were in sweats and in sneakers. Definitely a little weird and seems a bit unprofessional. I had an express facial and 50 minute massage service. The facial was more of a regular face wash, didn't have any extractions and/or massage, really nothing special. I wouldn't put the money in for an express facial again, but maybe their regular ones are better. The massage was okay. Don't think I would book another spa party here.
This quaint spa is Orlando's heaven.  The atmosphere is relaxing and the staff the best.  Start with relaxing in the hydro tub, then get a great message. They have waxing, exfoliation, nails and more. I go twice a month
This place is hit or miss. I have had wonderful experiences and other times not so much. At times the staff are not professional or polished for the price that I am paying for their services.
Although The Spa of Thornton Park can get pricey, it's well worth it.  This house turned relaxation haven is great for massages, facials, a pedi, or just about any other service you need to help your body rejuvenate.  The professional technicians are great about maintaining a peaceful quiet while ensuring I'm completely satisfied.  If you sign up for their email list, they will send you all kinds of special promotions and discounts.  Also, they offer "spa parties" and are open until 8pm on Friday and Saturdays.  Enjoy!
