Julia is awsome! great personality! super welcoming! been searching for a great place to do my eyebrows and my search is OVER! I had never tried threading before, so I was definitely a little intimidated but Julia really makes you at ease. The threading is slightly painful but goes by so quick you dont even have time to worry about it. My eyebrows came out to PERFECTION! they look amaaaazing! I will definitely be back. Also got a free mini facial which turned out great.. hoping to schedule a facial soon :) I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place and recommend it to anyone!
I cheated on my eyebrow guru with Julia and I'm happy I did! Threading is a very delicate, precise and somewhat painful art. My eyebrows look great and my upper lip no longer looks like a 13 year old boy's. =D The only downside here is that she's on the 2nd floor and there's no elevator. So, me and my cane made the long, arduous journey up a flight of stairs. When I finally got up to her office, she apologized for my inconvenience and made me promise her that next time I'll let her take care of business downstairs. She's a sweetie and does great work, I look forward to next time-even with the pain.
Hot: I love Julia! She is the only person I trust to do my eyebrows. We always have the best conversations when I visit her and she makes me feel comfortable. I've been a loyal customer for years. If you want fab eyebrows, GO SEE HER. =) Cold: Nothing negative to say.
I love getting my eyebrows done by Julia, she not only is good at what she does, but she has an amazing down to earth personality. I feel like Im hanging out with a girlfriend every time I go.
First time getting my eyebrows threaded, and Julia made it a quick and pleasant experience. My eyebrows are well on the path to recovery after years of abuse.
I had my eyebrows done here when I first moved to town. Julia was extremely welcoming, funny and such a sweetheart. I also got a free mini facial while I waited!!! Now my eyebrows however were not up to par she over-threaded them! They were extremely thin and rounded! I was clear by stating I did not want them thin and I wanted an arch. I let it slide the first time. After I grew them out for 2 months I went back again I told her I did not want them thin to just "clean" them up and I wanted them arched, this time they were not thin but they were short in other words she over plucked the end of the brows and again no arch, when she used the scissors to cut the long hairs she ended up giving me a spiked look through out the entire brow! ( she over cut them)  I let them grow for another 2 months went back a third time Again I came out with thin eyebrows and no arch. She offered to color them in but I refused. So I would have loved to have her as my eyebrow stylist it just wasn't working out. For those of you who like thin eyebrows by all means shes your gal. I love her shes a great person which is why I kept coming back. Maybe I'll try some of her other services. I've been tempted to try her eyelash extensions and other facials since I loved the facial I got there before. I gave up on her eyebrow skills.
So I found Julia on Yelp and went on a whim, and I couldn't be happier. She did my eyebrows and upper lip in a flash, with precision and all the while chatting away. Julia made me feel like I'd been a customer for years. I will absolutely be back!
