I have been to MOCA twice recently and I am kinda upset I hadn't been earlier. I first attended  during the Downtown Artwalk (where admission is free) this month & also during their free admission Thursday, where at 7pm they give a guided tour of the museum. The museum has three floors. The first, being the lobby, gift shop and Cafe Nola. The other two floors are filled with exhibits. The 2nd floor is filled with paintings and sculptures, while the 3rd floor is filled with photography and audio/visual. Me being big into photography the 3rd floor is my favorite. They have some powerful pictures of 9/11 and American soldiers in battle. The main exhibit they are showing  now is The New York Times Magazine Photographs. Really nice photos of celebs, and they show more of the their popular New York Times Covers. This is a great place to go at it alone or grab some friends and lose track of time and enjoy the beautiful art that surrounds you. All the pieces are unique in their own way. The Museum of Contemporary Art is a gem, that needs to be seen.
This museum spans about a few floors & isn't the largest museum out there, but it's a palatable size that doesn't make you wish there was free water at the turn of each corner (I'm looking at you, Louvre). Yesterday, we were told that the current main installment was temporary & would change out every so often. I personally didn't hear the explanation for it, but I don't understand what the heck it is. I appreciate it because it is a huge installment that is beautiful & looks a bit like the roots of kelp that is swimming in literal words & trash, but it's also raining leaves...? So confused, but maybe I'm just a plebe. So the first floor had a few cool pieces like the monolith with glowing lights. Didn't get to hear the elementary school kids' interpretation, but it's neat regardless. The next levels beyond the first were simply stunning. I'm a huge photography enthusiast so I was incredibly excited. Seeing the contact sheets, the memos from the NYT on 9/11, the magazine spreads, & the photos printed in different ways was absolutely magnificent. I loved every single one of those galleries, despite how tragic some of them were. Such feats of photojournalism & history deserve to be in a museum & they were. The typography was decent too, but they could try borrowing from the Getty for better description displays. Draw us in, don't scare us away with huge paragraphs of text. Other than that, the photographs were beautiful. The least exciting was probably the second to top level with the whole left side on a UNF grad's work. I honestly couldn't believe a curve on a graph paper was framed. It inspired me to quit my career aspirations & pursue a career in a contemporary art because apparently a cinder block is now art. Christ, can you at least try harder? Pretty sure my napkin with hot Cheetos is more artistic than the artist's "sketches" on graph paper. You'll just have to visit the museum yourself to see what I'm talking about! Very beautiful building, wonderfully organized, & incredibly cheap!
This is my 3rd time coming back here on Free Admission Thursdays. The place is so peaceful. I love the idea of the Project Atrium exhibit which can be seen when you walk in the front doors. This big open space is used for up in coming artists to showcase the work for a few months then it's taken down, painted over or whatever for the next artist. This art museum is built up, not out and makes good use of its space next to the main library. The cafe features some of the best cuisine I've had downtown and the gift shop has some pretty interesting items in it. This place should be a definite stop for anyone exploring downtown.
Came here for my first time during Art Walk this month and it was AWESOME! It's a pretty big museum with a couple floors and you work your way up. It was so much fun and it was also *FREE*! Never a bad thing right? The art was so cool and it's not just paintings, there's so many different mediums and styles that it's just THAT much more interesting. Definitely take a visit, even if you go during Art Walk!
I am an art fanatic, always been I come from a family of Artist. My first time here was a great experience the pieces display this time was based on a New York theme which hitted home as I am from New York and little home sick. A great pleasure to be introduced by my yelpers friends. Definitely I recommend this place.
Visited on BOA Weekend and got in with free entry. Exhibits were nice.. we enjoyed it and finished in about 30 minutes.
Sunday afternoon is perfect time to visit, since the hoards of Tebow worshipers are other wise indisposed. My wife and I had the entire museum to ourselves, literally, during a one hour stretch of our visit. Although that doesn't reflect well on Actionville's culture, it did make for a rather unique and intense artistic experience. As for the art itself, the museum is broken up into several floors , each displaying a significant amount of pieces ranging from traveling exhibits to a small, but distinctive permanent collection. We especially appreciated the fact that artists of both local and international renown were displayed. The ground floor has a cafe and gift shop, although the cafe was closed when we attended. Pricing was $8 per person , however abundant discounts were available. Go check it out and try and help to bring some different culture to this "Bold New City of the South" (HAHAHHAHA!)
They have some awesome exhibits here. Recently went and saw the New York Times exhibit and it's great. They also feature local artists too. If you've never been try and get out there some time. They change the exhibits up pretty often. I think it's something like every 3 months maybe? They have what's called Project Atrium that's a big space with 40ft. walls right as you enter. It's an open space for emerging artists to get a chance to plaster with their artwork all over and showcase in a big open area.  I believe it's 3 floors of exhibits, and on the first floor they have a little eatery and bar. The eatery is pretty expensive; the name escapes me right now though. I'll come in here every few months to get some inspiration and see what other artists are producing. Great date night activity as well.
We have been to the museum a few times now. Mostly to see a special exhibit  and this time isn't any different. One Spark and the Atrium Project by Shaun Thurston. It is pretty amazing that this guy can do such a great piece with some spray paints and a few magic markers. The you can walk around and find more good pieces throughout  the building. You can also stop into café nola for a delicious  bite to eat. Everyone should make a trip downtown to see this place.
I was pretty impressed by the MOCA, and would actually give it 4.5 stars. Callie's review is very similar to my own experience this past Sunday. Some things worth noting ... 1. There are actually four floors open to the public. The fourth floor is staff only, but you can take the stairs or elevator to Floor 5, which houses a very cool area for kids and families to learn and engage in hands-on art activities. There's currently an annual juried show of work by local art teachers (even better considering its proximity to the kid's area). 2. Like the Cummer, the permanent collection here is somewhat small, but has some impressive surprises that you don't see elsewhere, such as a six-piece portrait series by Picasso. So it helps to "downshift" a little, for lack of a better term, and spend more time with the pieces that are there, as opposed to the typical mode at larger museums, where there's so much to try and take in that you often go by several works or entire wings fairly quickly. 3. The exhibits are similar in that what they lack in scale and scope is made up for with quality and depth. I thoroughly enjoyed the "Ultra-Realistic Sculpture" by Marc Sijan, as well as the "Making Marks: Jacksonville Creates" exhibit of local artists and featured a variety of media: sculpture, video, photography, painting, mixed media, etc. As the program noted, there's a lot of art happening around Jax that is all too often overlooked, which brings me to ... 4. How disheartening it is that there are still only 2 reviews of MOCA, and they're from a visitor and a newbie. The place was nearly empty during my Sunday afternoon trip. Hopefully, there are more visitors than that at other times. I don't fully understand the indifference to art in Jax. There's another time and place for that debate though. 5. In keeping with the aforementioned theme, the gift shop wasn't huge either, but had some fantastic books. There's also a nice-looking cafe on the first floor that, like the rest of MOCA, was empty. The more I reflect on my visit, the more I like about the MOCA. And it's probably worth five stars because based on what I saw in the program, there's so much more going on there that I didn't get to see or experience, such as the theater and films, classes for adults and families, live music and other events, and all the cool benefits and events for members. Bottom line: Highly recommended.
Cute lil place. I'd love if they had more artwork. The children's area is adorable. They have a coffee house and restaurant but both were closed when I was there. They have cool events like wine and painting nights that I'd like to go to.
Wow. I agree with both Callie K. and Hunter B. MOCA was definitely worth every penny and it does deserve 4.5 stars. Heads up if you are a student and have your ID, $8 admission is discounted. Also, FREE admission on ArtWalk first Wednesdays of the Month from 5pm to 9pm, and on Sundays for kids below 18 and an adult. I stopped in today to check out the Ultra-Realistic Sculpture by Marc Sijan Exhibit (which I had been wanting to see since it opened in November) and it was simply breathtaking. The wrinkles and textures in the skin, and even how the veins are visible beneath the skin. The eyes seem to stare right through you. You could have sworn these were real figures of real people. I stopped to look at a few of the figures and could have sworn they were breathing. One could only wonder how in the world the artist took the time to create such uncanny resemblances to human flesh and posture. The other featured exhibit had works that were just as impressive and featured local artists. One of my favorites was an installation piece with watercolor paintsets arranged in rainbow patterns and covering the wall. The artwork here is modern (duh!) and somewhat edgy, but not as trendy as Flux. Still, this place is definitely not to be missed for the art enthusiast. Their hours are very limited, though, so make sure you stop in before 4pm everyday except for Mondays (closed). Thursdays are extended hours until 8pm. And ArtWalk Wednesdays they are open until 9pm.
First time there a few weeks ago. LOVED IT. We went on a Sunday (family day) which meant that if you had a child under the age of 18 with you, your party gets infree. BONUS! We went straight up to the 5th floor with my 1 year old and she had a blast playing with the upcycled materials. She was enjoying herself so much that I even allowed her to crawl around the floor (in a public place during flu season!) to the different stations. It is one of the most fun things we have done with her, to date. Surprisingly, my husband also enjoyed it and paused to read about a lot of the pieces we found interesting. Definitely a great way to spend a Sunday.
On the day we visited, we only had about 3 hours and, at first, thought the place would be too big. Not so, since two of 5 floors are not exhibit space. The museum has an excellent shop on the first floor as well as a top rate restaurant (see another review of the cafe'). We enjoyed the museum and will definitely return the next time we are in town. they offer a senior discount even though I would gladly pay thew regular price. This is something I never expected to find in Jacksonville.
I've been to several contemporary art museums such as the Smithsonian's Hishborn Museum in D.C., the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston, and the Kemper Museum of Contemporary Arts in Kansas City, MO.  None of them have impressed me as much as the MOCA! The exhibitions featured at the time were East/West: Visually Speaking and Hyperbolic Nature.  I haven't had much exposure to contemporary Chinese art and found the juxtaposition of Western influences upon Chinese culture very interesting.  There was a lot of focus on the proliferation of fast food and Andy Warhol inspired paintings.  The Hyperbolic Nature artworks contained scenes from various landscapes. My fiancee and I came here on a Sunday hoping to gain free admission into the museum through the Bank of America promotion.  However, it is only free to adults that are accompanying children under the age of 18.
Upon first glance, the Museum of Contemporary Art Jacksonville seems overwhelming, with its 5 floors. However, as a lot of others have noted, there are 3 floors of exhibit space, 1 floor setup as a children's area, and 1 floor which is only accessible by faculty and staff. On the date I visited, all of the exhibits happened to be photography based. Although that didn't really bother me as there were definitely a lot of stunning photographs, I did find it slightly odd that such a large place didn't even have a single painting on display. The receptionist did inform me that when I visited happened to be the exception, however. I wish that when I went the cafe would have been open. If you're visiting, keep in mind that the cafe isn't open on weekends. I did browse through the gift shop, although I felt like their selection wasn't as impressive as some of the other art shops I've been in. As far as pricing goes, they offer student discounts, child's discounts, senior discounts. If you qualify, take advantage of this. But if not admission is only $8 full price. Another thing I would consider before visiting is parking, since the museum is located in downtown Jacksonville, street or garage parking (both paid) are really your only options. Overall, I was glad I stopped in to check out this museum, but somehow I wasn't thoroughly impressed.
Free admission at night. We went during Art walk (once a month) on July 3rd. This place was packed. If you are single gay or straight you will meet people here. You can drink while hanging out with friends looking at Modern Art. However, there are restrictions where you can drink - 1st floor no prob but on the 2nd and 3rd floor by the stairs and front part near the railings only.
MOCA has transformed Jacksonville's world of art and culture. For so long, all we had was the Cummer, which is an amazing museum in it's own right, but as the city's only substantial source of an art museum, it wasn't enough. And then along came MOCA. And everything changed. Suddenly, we had this beautiful building in the heart of Downtown that filled its walls with contemporary art. While the art is not on par with the MOCAs in San Francisco or other large cities, it has steadily grown and continues to bring more and more innovative exhibits. Just recently it had the much celebrated Marylin Monroe exhibit, full of old photographs, statues, paintings, and new, contemporary portrayals of the famous starlet. It was beautiful and captivating. They are also a huge proponent of the monthly Art Walk, allowing free entrance into the museum on those nights [first Wednesday of every month]. It is one of the centers of the exciting Downtown event and people crowd its rooms, cocktails in hand, taking in the awesome pieces. If you haven't yet been to MOCA, you need to go. It is a true cultural gem that Jacksonville is lucky to have.
So cool to have a great modern collection here in Jacksonville!  Check out the amazing 1960s exhibit! I am a fan of minimalist art, so if that's not your thing, perhaps check out the Cummer's Monet exhibit instead.  Right now the 1960s exhibit has got some Albers, Rothko, Oldenburg, Warhol, Rauschenberg, Ellsworth Kelly, Roy Lichtenstein,some Richard Serra and those are just the ones i remember off the top of my head.  The Lebowski exhibit is pretty fun and be sure to catch the Carolee Schneeman body collage film.  I guess some parents might not want their kids watching a naked lady paper machet her body, but no worries! there is a giant silver jungle gym art installation in the lobby.  Fun for everyone! The cafe is great too. Yay MOCA!
There were some nice exhibits my three year old enjoyed. They also have a great play area for children under five. On the down side some of the exhibits were torn up, just a few but enough to notice.
Wonderful and worth every penny of the $8 fee! I finally got a chance to check out the MOCA this last weekend after an unsuccessful trip the weekend before (they were closed for a fundraiser). Although all things considered, there is not an endless amount of art to look at, what they do have, I enjoyed very much. There are six floors in total, however basically only three floors are accessible to the general public for you to peruse at your leisure. The first floor offers a great gift shop (I scored a super unique silver & gold wire ring made by a local artist), and a restaurant that looked great but I did not feel like dining at solo style. The second floor features works from their permanent collection, and the third features ever evolving exhibits and some local art. I happened to prefer the third floor that currently has an ongoing exhibit entitled "Ultra-Realistic Sculpture"(think wax museum people not made out of wax!) and random featured art and mixed media pieces (I really liked a giant sculpture piece made from discarded water color paint sets). The historic Western Union Telegraph building the museum is housed in is by itself, pretty fantastic. Apparently recently renovated, it is really airy and open with naturally brightly lit stair wells . Sadly, it doesn't seem like the museum gets too much foot traffic. I was quite surprised to find I pretty much had the place to myself at around noon on a Saturday which was kind of discouraging. With student/children rates at $5 and kids under two for free, you really should do yourself a favor and treat you and/or the kids to a day of art appreciation. And don't forget some extra $ for the gift shop!
It is incredible the change I have seen in Jacksonville's cultural landscape since I was a child. i recently visited the MOCA during an Art Walk. The collections are very interesting, controversial and well-focused. I like that there are different floors, so that the space doesn't become overcrowded too easily. I will be returning to see the exhibits on future trips home.
MOCA is a great addition to the downtown scene of Jacksonville and has a beautiful gift shop, nice restaurant and most importantly, ART!   There is a wonderful children's floor at the very top of the building...hardly anyone knows about this.  Great family activity for when it's too hot, cold or rainy to play outdoors.  Make a day of it by going to the Downtown Library next door, then MOCA for more fun and hands-on activities with the kids.
Visiting the MOCA is a fabulous way to spend an afternoon in Downtown Jacksonville. Well, maybe not a whole afternoon. It's pretty small. But still, the exhibits change frequently, and they usually have something interesting to check out. Some notable exhibits I've seen here include a throwback to 80's art currently on display as part of their ReFocus series, a Marilyn Monroe exhibit, and art inspired by the (epic!) film The Big Lebowski. In fact, we made a special trip from the beaches for the Lebowski art, and it was well worth it! On the same day, they had a giant, silver, wooden throne placed front and center in the downstairs lobby. The coolest part, they let me climb all over it and take pictures sitting in it. Too much fun! If you don't want to spend the moolah on admission, check the MOCA out during a First Wednesday Art Walk and get in for free. This is a great local treasure and one all Jacksonville residents should support and enjoy!
