I attended my first Natural Life Music Festival this year after hearing about it for a long while. How fantastic is it to bring together great music, great food, and great family fun all into one magnificent day. It is also an excellent place to see how vegan/vegetarian friendly and eco-friendly Jacksonville is becoming. The day was perfect. Not too hot, not too cold with just enough of a breeze off of the St. John's. I've been to events like Planetfest and other concerts at Met Park, and I know how stuffy that place can get. This, seriously, was the perfect day. Admission is free, but everything else inside does have a cost, so be prepared. You should know that everything that is purchased (at least from the Natural Life booths) goes directly to Children's Home Society of Florida. Kids and adults can do crafts all day long and all you need is a punch card. Each punch card has 20 spots to punch and costs $20, but each craft may be worth more punches than others. For example, to tye-dye a t-shirt, you have to use 7 punches whereas to make a prayer flag, you only need to use 1. The crafts range from beginner to a little advanced but there's something for every age group. There's face painting as well. My older niece just went with a simple curly mustache and got complimented on it all day long. It isn't titled a Music Festival for nothing because there were some pretty amazing acts playing all day. My favorite was just a girl and her guitar with a guy accompanying her on the cello. I've come to find out that this is a woman named Lera Lynn, who I will definitely be checking out. Throughout the day, the music wasn't overpowering or to the point of drowning out conversation. It was a nice soundtrack to a really brilliant event. I really wish I had remembered a blanket, so that I could have laid down, been comfortable, and have enjoyed the music a bit more. Many local eateries, shops, and vendors had tents and some of the local gourmet food trucks set up a corral. As for food, I saw representation from Sweet Theory Baking Co, Bistro Aix, Pele's Wood Fire Grill, along with an awesome tent with the name of Olive My Pickle which served olives, pickles, and hummus (of which the Black Bean was amazing). I am a sucker when it comes to sauerkraut and they sincerely knocked it out of the park for me. The event is put on by the store called Natural Life which is located on the Southside of Jacksonville. I am loathe to admit that I have yet to go to the store, but will be making a point to do so in the near future. I picked up a number of different items that they seemed to be selling at much lower than they would in the store itself (festival sale, possibly?). It's nice to see shops that are able to do this. The sheer creativity of the items that were sold at Natural Life's vendor tables, as well as throughout the other vendor tents and tables, was just amazing. I saw things like soda can top belts and knitted cup warmers. There was even a lady making a throw rug out of old t-shirts. I'd love to see more community events involving how to upcycle.   I'm definitely happy to see an event like Natural Life Music Festival have such a great reception and find success in the Jacksonville area. I hope that there is a way to tie it into local happenings throughout the rest of the year until the next one.
I came here as a vendor for the animal shelter, and it was wonderful! We met so many great people. The staff was helpful and friendly. The music and festivities were great. If you have kids, this is something you don't want to miss. So many "craftivities" and fun things to do! Also, ladies, there was a great sale on some of Natural Life's best selling items. I stocked up for Christmas and birthdays. The only thing they need to do next year is bring MORE food trucks. I waited for about an hour to eat. So please, more, more, more food trucks!   Overall, it was a great time and I can't wait for next year!
For the past 2 years, I have not been able to attend for one reason or anything but this year I was determined to go. I went solo because none of my friends could make it (told you I was determined!) I showed up right at the beginning of the festival and it was already busy! Natural Life had it set up so basically the first place you run into is their sample sale. I get it, it's your event but it sort of made for a clogged up entryway. I was able to snag a bunch of Natural Life stuff for $18 (it would have easily cost double that in their store), which nice. Also a good idea to bring a reusable shopping bag with you (thought they did have some for sale). I was glad I thought of that! I headed over towards the food next. There were quite a few choices. I started with a fish taco from "On the Fly" food truck (I wrote a separate review for that one).  Delicious! I then moved over to "Olive my Pickles" and picked up some garlic stuffed olives to take home. I also had the chance to try both the strawberry basil popsicle and cold brewed iced coffee from Hyppo (fantastic!). Overall, a great event. It seems particularly good for families with kids who like crafty stuff (they had a lot of different things like that to do). I will be back next year!
This was fun with great weather. The sun was out and something about this whole natural thing really brings the weird out in folks. From a 65 year old lady with royal blue hair to some outfit for the misfits. There were a bunch of different food choices to. On the fly, super food, gourmet aviator, to name a few. One truck laid out for a better location. No name but it has happy in their name. I did hear a lot of folks asking where they were at. This was a great time to just relax in the sun and listen to some sweet sounds of gentle music. No head banging here and no complaints from across the river.
Great day!  Lots of kids running around; perfect weather; food trucks; good music.... not much more you good ask for.
Great location on the river, with craft tents, vendors, music, food trucks, and did I say food trucks? The food here is really the star of the show. The music portion of the festival seems secondary - more like ambient noise than a concert - but it works for this laid-back, easygoing family event. Fun way to spend a few hours on a weekend.
This festival was freakin' ADORABLE! 100% family friendly and full of delicious food, unique vendors, and truckloads of Natural Life merchandise being sold for a great cause. I came out a couple times throughout the day (the event lasted about seven hours) to check things out and everyone was having a glorious time watching the bands and soaking up the sunshine. It was one of the most beautiful days of the year and the first day of daylight savings time, which meant maximum sunshine for festival goers. Oh, and did I mention that they had a Food Truck Food Court? Well, they did, and it was a hit! Gourmet Aviator, The Happy Grilled Cheese, Super Food Truck, Le Petit Cheri, Corner Taco, On The Fly, and Pele's Wood Fire were all there cranking out the deliciousness for festival goers. There were also some added treats like fresh squeezed lemonade and Hyppo gourmet popsicles. At the end of the event, around 6:45 pm, Natural Life announced that all their merchandise had to go and that they would sell four pieces for $1! Whaaaat. I snagged a pair of tie-dye PJ pants, three pairs of ruffly socks, a necklace, two magnets, and a bracelet all for $2!!! Crazy. Even with all the music, merch and munchies, my favorite part of the day was enjoying a Hyppo Champagne Mango popsicle on a park bench overlooking the river and downtown skyline. It was a positively serene day!
best day you could possibly spend with friends and family!  great food and music, arts and crafts, and a cool arts market for an entire day at metro park - yay!
