Burro Bar you filthy temptress. How is it that I can never walk by your old wooden doors without falling prey to the siren song of your steadily pouring $2 Narragansetts? Burro is not the best bar, but it's a good one. They fill a hole in the downtown scene that no one else seems to. It's a grimy, divey bar covered in stickers and graffiti but the people are always welcoming. There's a few pool tables and a stage where varying levels of local and regional talent play music. Unless you are there on a crowded weekend night, it's never hard to get a beer. The bartenders are nice, and the draft selection and pricing are ok. The happy hour from 4-7 rocks. They put all of the drafts (normally $3-7ish)on sale for 3 bucks. If you find yourself a few beers too deep at Burro and in need of food, do yourself a favor and stop by Chomp Chomp next door. Order literally anything on the menu. You will be glad you did yelp.com/biz/chomp-chomp…
Really dug the vibe in this place.  I love any little rock dive where the venue room is separated from the bar room... makes you feel like people actually want to be there for the show when they are... and gives you space to drink your whiskey in peace when you're not interested.  I'm never a fan of beer and wine bars (I don't drink either), but as a tour stop this place was a blast.
Burro Bar has a really great location just up from the Elbow and on the other side of Chomp Chomp. I finally strolled into this fabled establishment last night after Artwalk. It always seems like any time that I've actually hung out downtown, anyone else that I was with never wanted to go into Burro. So after doing some Artwalk stuff at Hemming Plaza, I was on my own and I fixed this. Of course, I was checking out the cider selection and they have a few like Redd's on tap, Angry Orchard on tap, and this awesome pear cider called Fox Barrel. There were three selections of Fox Barrel (Ginger & Blackcurrant, Elderberry & Rhubarb, and I cannot recall the other one). With recommendations from my bartender and the woman standing next to me, I went for the Ginger and Blackcurrant . You have to really like ginger to like that cider. It's not as heavy as most apple made ciders, and is rather like a ginger ale in a way. I found it refreshing after a hot and humid Florida night. There's a great selection of beers as well and I do believe that the alcohol selection rotates so there's always something new to try. I didn't ask about the wine selection, but I will when I am in a wino mood. Anytime that I've walked past Burro, there's always been a crowd outside and I've always wondered if that represents a crowd inside. There was a bit of a crowd, but it wasn't overcrowded. There are 3 "rooms" - the main entrance with the bar, a room with a couple pool tables and arcade machines like Killer Instinct, and then the stage and dance floor. There had been a few bands playing prior to my arrival and one left to go. I think I may have been fated to walk in when I did because this all female Japanese rock band took the stage and they rocked the hell outta the place. Thus, making my first trip to Burro pretty damn epic.
Love this place - Great little dive bar - they have local brews on tap and live music. Sometimes there are dogs hanging out too, which always makes me happy. Whenever my husband and I are downtown for events we stop in and have a drink or two.
This is your go-to spot in downtown Jacksonville if you want super cheap, crappy beer and loud music from local bands with no talent. If that's your scene and that's your deal, then Burro Bar is your mecca. Funny thing is, that's not my scene. From the outside, Burro Bar seems like the place to be because there are more people standing outside than there is people inside actually patronizing the establishment. But the true reason so many people flock to Burro Bar is because there's no cover and they many times ignore while the youngest among us walk right in (if you catch my drift). One of the reasons why I don't like Burro is because they don't have the beers I like on tap. And while everyone seems to be praising the fact that Burro has live music, everyone also seems to be ignoring the fact that the "live music" isn't very good. I don't get that. It's almost like saying "oh this place has fish" but the place sells terrible overly battered fish. You shouldn't get points for just having something. There's something to be said for the quality of that offering.
Great beer,  affordable, great location.  Always an awesome spot to catch live music and local bands. Crazy on art walk but definitely the place to be.  Frequent this bar the most when coming downtown.
I've seen a few shows here over the past year, and enjoyed a few beers here, as well.  Decent selection. Were I younger, I'd probably hang out here more.
This is one of my favorite places downtown.  They frequently have live music which is always a plus.  I usually end my Art Walk experience here but last Art Walk I started here and I think that is the way to go!  It is not crowded and having a good beer always makes me more likely to purchase things I admire at Art Walk, which is surely a good thing, we all need to support our local artists.  My favorite thing about Burro Bar is the good rotating selections they make in craft beer.  It is only four dollars regularly and if you go before art walk you can even enjoy their happy hour prices.  I also like the bullet cases that are glued around the room and the whole Pancho Villa vibe, down to the Mexican religious candles that they burn.  This place has a relaxing vibe, interesting decor, good music, and great beer and is definetely worth a try, especially if you are a craft beer drinker.
Fun little dive bar in downtown Jax with good selection of craft beers on tap. We stopped in on a Saturday night and, despite being somewhat smoky, we were happy with the location/crowd,  prices, etc. We even enjoyed a game of pool. Burro bar is also right next to Chomp Chomp which serves some delicious late night yummies! Check out this corner of downtown
Burro Bar has an amazing rotating selection of craft beers all for around $4.  I love that every time I go there is a new beer to try.  I also love the murals of Mexican revolutionaries on the wall. It's a good place to grab a drink during art walk and listen to live music.
Great place to see live music every Friday night and many other nights throughout the week. 20 beers on tap with great specials. Always a $2 beer and Happy Hour is from 4-7 (most drafts $3).
They have a decent beer selection and frequently have bands. The place is smokey, and last night I was horrified to see a large dog walking around unattended. So if you have a preference for clean bars, you definitely want to skip this one.
One of my favorite places in town to see both local and touring bands. Also, one of my favorite places to play in town as a musician. Bartenders are nice. Sound is almost always really good. Right next door is chomp chomp, offering outrageously tasty food. Nice central location if you want to bar hop. What more could you want?
