How can you not love this one-screen independently owned movie theater? I mean, really, if you don't, something is wrong with you, not the theater. :) In our culture of ever-growing corporate-owned, inauthentic multiplexes, this classic 80-year-old theater is of a bygone era epitomizing what quaint and community is all about. It's Art Deco facade just makes me happy looking at it. I took my daughter there to an animated film on her birthday. It was such a treat! The first thing I noticed, other than the facade, was the delicious loaves of fresh bread sitting out that had evidently just been delivered. They looked (and smelled) so good I asked the owner where he gets them from, to which he replied "French Pantry". Ok, so, he had me there. He sources his bread fresh from the renown - and local - French Pantry, daily. Local supporting local - I love it - plus does bread get any better than from French Pantry? (the answer is no) So, I guess he noticed that I was buckling at the knees and my pupils started flashing hearts because he actually handed me over a loaf. Of his bread. When I looked at him dumbfounded, he shrugged his shoulders and said, "we won't use it all anyway, enjoy it." Now when is the last time that happened at Tinsletown or Regal Cinema? (the answer is never because they don't use French Pantry anything and even if they did they wouldn't give it to you) We got our seats, noticing that there is not a bad seat in the place, with a table between us for our snacks of nachos and pizza. Both were freshly made with fresh ingredients, delicious and quality made. The nachos used real cheese, which I appreciated, not some sort of queso or "cheese product". In the back is the counter for the bar, where they serve wine and beer, which is probably quite lovely on a date night but not something I took advantage of with my 6-year-old at a Saturday matinee. The decor isn't particularly ornate or memorable, and not necessarily what one would expect from a theater of this age, but it is updated and fresh and comfortable. Besides, when the lights are down for the movie, you aren't looking at the decor anyway. My husband and I were both remarking how incredibly good the screen quality was. I don't know the ins and outs of movie theater technology but it was noticeably better than any other theater we've ever been to. For those technical types, this is worth the trip alone. Not to mention the wine and beer and good food, and oh yeah, those French Pantry paninis. The staff was mostly young guys in their 20's and really nice and attentive. They seemed to enjoy working there. I changed my order at the last second, realizing I had forgotten drinks, and added them to the tab ... this sent my bill just slightly over the $20 I had handed over. Verifying if they had enough, the young guy just said not to worry about it, he had me covered. Really? I mean, really. He probably wouldn't have even told me he was doing that favor for me if I hadn't asked. He just did it. When is the last time you received service this good .... this is why it is important to support local business, people. You just won't ever get this level of service from massive corporations. I also like that they run a wide variety of films with everything from major blockbusters to smaller budget films, although - as a small independent theater - I would like to see them do more of the later. I suspect the San Marco market demands more mainstream variety as the population is largely a mix of old wealth and young-ish professionals. As the young urbanites continue to make their way into San Marco though, I hope to see more diversity and funkiness in the neighborhood and perhaps then the theater's choices will reflect that diversity. Until then, San Marco Theater is meeting the demand of the neighborhood and doing a mighty fine job at that. The neighborhood of San Marco is just perfect for a whole afternoon or evening event, both before and after the movie. Within walking distances is some of the very best boutiques and local restaurants Jacksonville has to offer including Matthew's, Taverna, BB's, Indochine, and Bistro Aix. Or get dessert and a glass of wine at The Grotto wine bar, or stop in at Grape & Grain Exchange and their speakeasy, The Parlour, for live music and a drink. San Marco Theater, and San Marco itself, are gems in Jacksonville. Come support your local independent businesses, especially San Marco Theater. They deserve it ... truly unparalleled quality and service!
Took Momma here, after a lovely light dinner at Taverna down the street. We loved it!! However, I won't lie the movie was saw was so fantastic it certainly contributed to why we loved it so much.   The setup is very classic and there are tables between pairs of chairs! Perfect for setting your wine glass and any other food item on:) The sound system is neither too outdated/soft nor deafening like so many theatres these days. Just right!   I give them four/five stars because the 1/2 carafe of pinot noir gave us a headache by the end of the night. May not hurt to spend an extra dollar or two on the wine selection. Next time I go I want to order a pizza! They smelled delicious!!
Great place to watch a movie.  Like being at home but not being at home.   I pitcher of Blue Moon and a chili cheese dog and a great movie tonight called "Chef"
This is by far my favorite theatre.  I love feeling like I'm sitting in my own living room, watching a great movie while enjoying a pitcher of beer and some popcorn!  The simple fact that you can pick up your food and drink of choice and not miss a minute of the movie is awesome.  Tonight the temperature was perfect, I didn't even need my blanket! The bathroom has a little bit of a musky smell.  Actually more like a body odor of some sort kinda smell is more accurate. Good thing that's just the bathroom and not the actual theatre. I plan on making this at least a monthly outing!  So yeah, I will be back!
I absolutely love this little theatre! I check it almost weekly to see what's playing (only one movie at a time, except in the summer usually). Best part - drinking wine or beer during the movie! That's basically the only way Anchorman 2 was bearable. I have seen a ton of movies here - even a surprise wedding proposal - the staff is always consistently very friendly and courteous, food decent and movie quality great. I gave it 4 stars because it could really use some updating and it seems like movies I really want to see there haven't been lasting long, but movies I couldn't care less about seem to be around forever! Anyway, this is a must-do if over in the San Marco area. They have limited showings so just make sure to check the times again before you go and also check to make sure the movie wasn't there yesterday and gone today!
All time favorite movie date night spot!!! We have a kid now so we don't get there as often as we use to but we still love it! We get some wine at the grotto before or after or even a full meal at Taverna. It's a great area and a really cool set up on the theater!
I am proud to say that I enjoyed my first movie, Lincoln, at the San Marco Theatre this week. I had been looking for a movie that would make a big difference seeing in a theatre like San Marco, rather than at AMC or Regal. I like the setup inside the theatre. I will position myself next to one of the little end tables every time that I go here now, instead of working a balancing act with my wine and pizza.   I love the idea of being able to order something to eat (other than popcorn) and being able to enjoy a glass of wine as I watch a movie. The only caveat to this is that I felt like a bother to those in my row. If you get there and then decide that you want something, you get up to go place your order, then you come back and sit until your food is ready. Then once your buzzer goes off, you get back up and sit back down when you go get your food. It's probably not that big of a deal as I think it is, or maybe I just had row-mates that weren't understanding. I just felt like I was disturbing their movie experience, which can be solved easily by getting a seat near the end of a row. As for the pizza that I ordered, I was expecting it to not be that great and I was proved wrong. It is very inexpensive. The pizza itself, without toppings, costs $6.25 and each topping is an additional quarter. I ordered a pepperoni and sausage pizza, and it was the perfect size and so, so tasty. I will be heading back to San Marco for the little pizzas alone.   I didn't experience the sound quality issues that other reviewers reported. Maybe I need to watch a few more movies there, but everything sounded excellent to my ears.
PIZZA and BEER. What a concept.. It's kinda odd to be reviewing a boughten pizza pie from a movie house, but that's exactly what I'm doing. We ordered two of their 9" pizza's. We added three topping each. Chose from Pepperoni, Sausage, Ham, Mushrooms, Jalepeños, Tomatoes, Black Olives, and Onions. Base priced @ $6.25 and topping are a nominal $.25 each. I've paid more for popcorn. Maybe it's the convenience, or maybe it's the venue but these are damn good little pizzas. The cheese even strings off when you take a bite. I'd rate them at 4-5 Stars no matter where I bought them. To sum it up, perfect crust that I doubt is, but tastes handmade and tossed (can't be sure, its too dark), ample amounts of tasty toppings and served hot right from the oven. Add a pitcher of Blue Moon and sit back and enjoy the movie.
What? Pizza, Beer, Wine, Popcorn, Soda, Candy, Great Seating...Historic Venue in beautiful San Marco. For the Price this place can not be beat! The only issue I have is because it is a small Venue those that can not show up before the Movie begins are opening doors walking in front of and distracting the entire theater crowd.  My recommendation show up early order your food and get a great seat, that way you can order Nacho's all the way and not have to worry about the mess because the lights are still on! LOL I LOVE THIS PLACE and I think you will too!
What an awesome concept. My son and I came here a few years ago to see Ice Age 2 and we were both delighted (especially my son!) to be able to eat fresh piping hot pizza and enjoy the movie. It sure beats nachos and cheese or popcorn. Because of the food factor, we felt we were right at home, except with a larger screen. Only thing that would make this theatre even better would be arms that lift up. Man.. writing this review makes me want to watch another movie here.  I haven't heard about another theatre in town that was set up this way.
Other than the drive it takes to get there, I love going to the San Marco. They cater to the majority of the population and will get the 'big' movies, but they do a good job of having hard-to-find movies more than any place in Jacksonville. Considering the food choices surrounding the theatre, there are many options to choose from, but if you don't have time for dinner you can get more than just popcorn at this theater. It's nothing special, but their food beats old movie theater popcorn any day. You can bring your own wine and they'll charge you a small corkage fee. Or you can walk down the block to Starbucks and grab a coffee. And you don't even have to sneak it in. I've seen several movies here and will continue to support this venue when on that side of town.
Good food + good beer + movies on the big screen + Art Deco building = Awesome!   San Marco Theatre has this equation down pat.   The food is good, they have some decent beer choices, they play great movies, and it is all in a very cool 1930's package. While they're only able to play one movie at a time, that just serves to keep you from going back too often and burning yourself out. Which, to be honest, is not hard for my husband and I in most cases of movie theaters. I have a sort of movie theater anxiety. [I blame it on my ADD! Don't like to be stuck in one place for too long.] But with the San Marco Theatre, the anxiety vanishes! It's so much more than just a theater... it is an event! Try the pizza [$6.25, add toppings for only 25 cents!] or the Chicken Quesadilla [$6.75.]  Both choices are impressive for a movie theater.  Blue Moon is my pick for the best beer to watch a movie with, its light enough to not make you sleepy but still has a great flavor.   Split a pitcher with a partner for $13.50 to get the most for your money. The experience that sticks out in my mind was seeing Slumdog Millionaire here with my husband.   It was the last showing on a weeknight and not crowded at all.  We had the nachos and a beer, relaxed like we were at home and found ourselves transported to another world for 2 hours.   Once again: Good food + good beer + movies on the big screen + Art Deco building = Awesome!
Get here early for good movies. The line for the snack bar runs around the theatre! But this is my favorite place to catch a movie. No, it doesnt have state of the art sound or picture but its nice and relaxing. I love that you dont have to leave the theatre to get your snacks. And snack....were talking quesadillas, pizza, hot dogs, beer and wine. Come visit this place for your next movie. Its better than the crowd of the mall at those big movie theatres.
Stumbled upon this place, loved it!  Great staff, very friendly, invited us to watch for free since movie was half over (killing time before my son headed back to college after spring break).  Will definitely go back.
This is a one of s kind dinner/movie theater.  It appears to be a historic landmark to me although I never looked into it. You get your food  by going to the counter to order.  You get a buzzer that let's you know when it's ready.  There's beer, wine, soda, popcorn, hot dogs and nachos to my recollection. Seating is classic for the era of this theater which has been nicely rennovated.    Screen image quality is decent like the thwarted before DLP and IMAX.  Sound system is mediocre without a surround sound effect.  There is no designated parking which makes this experience less than optimal. However, overall, it's one of the best theaters since where can you watch a movie and drink beer or wine?   It's worth a try.  I like the place.
Went last Saturday for Thor 2. Great movie. Ordered 2 chicken quesadillas. Looking at the menu thought it would be just chicken and cheese. Ended up having mushrooms and onions on it. Took it back to the counter and asked. The people at the counter did agree their menu is confusing as it does not say it has it on that quesadilla. They said i should have said what i did and did not want on it. Customer service was awful. They would not make me a fresh one. Was very disappointed..
I love seeing movies here, it is by far the most eclectic theater in Jacksonville. The seating is really great with tables to put your drinks and food on so it doesn't have to remain on your lap the entire time. They serve pitchers of beer and glasses of wine with some gourmet entrees. I've had the nachos and they're amazing, definitely worth ordering.  The only down fall is they only show one movie, so if it's not something you want to see then you can't really go there but their prices are competitive and just for the unique experience it's worth going at least once. Also it's in a really unique part of town and its surrounded by little shops and cafes.
Ok movie theater. I wish they would offer a better selection of food. Great beer selection.
A pillar of the San Marco scene, this historic theatre adds charm and quaint nostalgia to your movie-going experience.  The staff are friendly and you can get real food (along with wine and beer) to eat at small tables interspersed amongst the seats.  Now I must say that the theatre is in dire need of renovation... the bathroom reminds me of my elementary school (20 yrs ago) and there are wires hanging down from the ceiling in the theatre.  The walls and ceiling tiles are shabby.  The sound system needs updating.  The movie projector (or operator) often messes-up (both times that I've been here in recent years).  I still give it 4 stars for the overall experience, but unless some updates are made I fear that this theatre will fall prey to neglect.  Please don't let this happen!!
Eh, it's ok as old theaters go.  The decor is pretty minimal for a historic place, so there's not all this frilly elegance to gaze around at like at the larger depression era houses.  But it's cute enough.   I would like to understand why this one (and Five Points) seem to be so slow in coming around to the understanding that there is an vastly underserved market in Jax for INDEPENDENT film and leave the big box office stuff to the big box office theaters. Occasionally you get something quirky here, but I'm tired of perusing the listings trying to find something, and if they happen to be stuck on a run of some particular Hollywood film, even if the reviewers have panned it, they'll keep showing the same stupid movie for weeks at a time.   This theater as well as Five Points Theater should really be breaking up the monotony of the market with shorter runs of HARD TO FIND films.  Zig when everyone else is zagging, that sort of thing.  Meanwhile it is possible every once in a blue moon to find something to see here, and when that happens the seating is very comfortable and the crowd a lot of fun.
