One of my favorite restaurants. I've brought many people here and everyone has loved it.  Very fresh Mayport shrimp, fried green tomatoes, veggies like Momma's. If available, the butter beans are the best. Don't be put off by appearances, it is a true dive that almost made it onto the TV show "Drive-ins, etc".
Yelp needs to change description. This is not in Mandarin. OLD st Augustine rd is in Mandarin.  This restaurant is on St Augustine Road, which is more Lakewood or Emerson areas. Never been there and would never have found it if I had looked in Mandarin.
True hole in the wall.  Great Southern Food.  The Chef is cool/friendly, entertaining, and a very good cook.  A go to place to bring visiting family and friends, but they must enjoy 'hole in wall/divey' atmosphere ( its a positive for me.) Favorites: fried shrimp, blackened shrimp, grits, fried green tomatoes, the fried fish, and the mashed potatoes.  Buffet...but you need to make reservations.
I'm not sure why this place exists. The laws of physics shouldn't allow for this to happen. Checker is the sort of place where fine china food is served on paper plates and yet the paper (maybe it was styrofoam) is more appropriate than the ceramic. I get the feeling that anyone who walks in is perceived by Art, the owner, as another guest at his Memorial Day barbecue in his backyard that he has everyday inside his restaurant. The place is almost a caricature of itself, which is its charm. The counter and the floors are made out of chunks of leftover marble from the construction supplier next-door. I can only describe it as a movie so bad that you can't help but love it. I guess that's part of why they call it white trash food.
Art is chef, host, server and entertainer. I wish I could convey how cool this place is, but let mt give you some bullet points:     * Art is entertaining, but is also a great cook.     * The shrimp are lightly fried and are phenomenal     * Take clients here for a business lunch, if they don't like it you should not do business with them.     * Off the beaten path, but this is what eating is about, stepping out of your comfort zone and enjoying the experience. Great food, great service, unique venue = fun.  Try it.
WOW! What a fun place!  Art is absolutely priceless (he's the chef / owner / comedian / southern cracker gentleman).  And, his cooking is delicious. My family of 6 went for the Sunday lunch buffet which was "Florida Cracker Southern Country Food".  We arrived at 12:00 and was greeted by two very happy young men (grandson and son of Art), who immediately put together a couple of tables and  made 100's of brownie points when they HELD OUT CHAIRS FOR MY MOTHER AND AUNT!!!  Art greeted us as family and put us all at ease immediatley. He told us everyone who comes to "my place, is my family". When we sat down, we were treated to a plate of  "Art Crack" cookies, the best cookies I've ever ate, the taste is one of a kind and hard to describe flavor.  Drinks were brought out very quickly and refilled so many times I felt like I was going to float out the door, but wouldn't due to all the food that I ate helped to hold me down.   Since it was our first time, we were also treated to a large plate of Art's fried shrimp --- usually a $6.00 plate (OMG I've got to go back for more!!)  Every table got a plate I noticed.  A mother and daughter came in and he said, as he dished out a huge bowl of greens, "I've been waiting for you". On the buffet there was fried chicken, BBQ chicken, chicken & dumplings, chicken Alfredo, BBQ ham, collard greens, mac & cheese, salad with special very tasty dressing, bread pudding, and more cookies! And, if you leave hungry, then there is something terribly wrong with you!  Art rings the dinner bell and announces "buffet is now open" and all the time he is continually refilling the dishes and when he adds or puts on a new pan he rings the bell and lets you know what was just added. Art is what makes this place so special.  He has a picture of his mother ---- who he told us "she is the queen who taught me to cook".  He packed two boxes of cookies and food for my mother since it was her birthday, he rang the bell again and the entire restaurant sang to her --- what a fun experience for her and our whole family. Check the newspaper, there is usually an ad with a 20% discount for Sunday buffet.  I want to go back on a Fri or Sat for the seafood buffet.  There is a huge sign above the buffet advertising AUCE lunch buffet which is BBQ.  And, collard greens are always on the menu --- Art claims if you eat these you'll live to be 100; not sure about that --- but they were definitely delicious.
Keep your expectations low for ambiance - Checker B-B-Q is a hole in the wall. The food is greasy and good, and owner/chef Art is a hoot. This place is an experience. A group of 8 of us went one Friday night (call ahead and make a reservation, as it fills up). It's BYOB and cash only. We wheeled in two huge coolers of beer and placed them under our table. Chef Art walks around, decked out in his checkered pants and crazy chef's hat telling some of the funniest stories ever. He'll bring a frying pan of fried shrimp out and flings a bunch on a styrofoam plate to satisfy your appetite. Fried shrimp, fried green tomatoes, corn on the cob, shrimp and grits, collards, peel and eat shrimp, cole slaw, bacon mashed potatoes - and the list goes on. (as the arteries close up) You keep returning to the buffet...until it's gone. Then it's over. Don't forget the "crack cookies" though as they are magical!
When my Uncle visited from Dallas 30 minutes from him getting out if the airport we went to "Checker BBQ"  for lunch.    The evening buffet is standing room only and I prefer the lunch menu.  The chef Art is a great person, one in a million in fact.  Check him out on You-Tube.   He takes each customer into account and now the BBQ. If your feeling hungry this is the place. a true hole in the wall with many Jacksonville photos and relics.  Menu includes "Trailer Trash" Special $9.99 for Chopped Pork Sandwich, the BEST fried green tomatoes, and 15 Fried Shrimp.  The story is that for twenty years Art was at "Palms" on Hecksher Drive near Mayport Ferry.  He is still a great Seafood Chef.
OMG!!! Just got back home from the Friday night AYCE Seafood Buffet at Checkers BBQ & Seafood , and to put it mildly, it was totally Awesome. Different than expected but Awesome. We got there at about 6 PM they open at 6:30 I figured it would be crowded and wanted to be sure to get a seat at a decent time. I needn't have bothered, what we did not know was that on Friday and Saturday nights for the buffet its call ahead reservations with maybe 2-3 tables left open for walk ins. Luckily we got in and seated (whew)right at 6:30 so were sitting there and Art our genial host welcomes us heartily and Frank his assistant asks us what we want to drink so we say sweet tea and its promptly on the table. And then we just sit there and wait, until all the people who made reservations show up and get seated. At about 6:50 Art goes "Ryan's not here yet, so we'll wait till 7 and then start" Right on cue Ryan and his date walk in and Art gets busy he says y'all come on up when I ring the dinner bell and proceeds to start frying up all the seafood and fix ins. About 15 minutes later the bell rings AND WERE OFF!!! The food was magnificent, Shrimp 3 different ways, along with smoked ribs with a sweet tomato based BBQ sauce (perfect) a potato concoction that included ocean scallops, garlic, 2 cheeses, unbelievably this was my favorite fix in of the night. My wife's favorite were the cheesy cheese grits. Make sure you call ahead and make a reservation if you want to get in, call 398-9206.....can't be beat. OHH one word of advise if you want beer or wine bring your own, while sitting waiting several people walked in with those small playmate coolers filled with their own favorite refreshments. And even better when everyone is to stuffed to move Art brings out Home Made Thick Chocolate Chip cookies and starts drizzling a Belgian chocolate sauce all over them, OMG... And then EVEN MORE BETTER Art then says "if anyone wants the leftovers here's some take home boxes load em up and take em home less to throw away and go to waste" so everyone grabbed a box or 2 and proceeded to clean off the buffet line.... can you say Heaven? I can spell it anyway its like this... C H E C K E R S. B B Q .&. S E A F O O D Read more: city-data.com/forum/jack…
When you think "Checker", this is not that. Chef Art Jennette is a local icon. There is nothing to compare to what he does in this hole-in-the-wall restaurant. It is a complete dive. But, Art does southern cooking like no other. His "Cracker Cooking" as he calls it is off the charts. His fried shrimp is simply, outstanding! He has a brick oven that he cooks his ribs in and has little more than a home stove that he prepares most of his southern dishes. Fried green tomatoes are awesome, and I don't even like tomatoes. He makes a spectacle on Friday and Saturday nights, ringing a bell and saying, "Dinner is served - Hot shrimp!", bringing out the fried shrimp first, puts a mountain of them on every table, then lays his buffet on the counter. Mashed potatoes with bay scallops and cheese are to die for as well as his stratospheric garlic cheese grits. Greens and slaw are awesome and I don't even like greens. Fried crab balls are fantastic, which look like hush puppies. Homemade cole slaw and everything is.His love of cooking is evident in everything he prepares. His assistant Brandon is a nice guy too and helps Art cook and serve. He comes around and talks with his patrons. Later, he brings by his signature Cajun shrimp in a huge skillet after you have already had enough, slapping them down on your plate even if you beg him not to. Art follows this with his home made cookies and I don't even like cookies. But his are out of this world. Outstanding! If you don't have a gym membership, this place might not be for you. I have lived in the south many years and I am telling you, there is nothing to compare to what Art does and it's not just on the weekends. His "Trailer Trash Special" during the week is a pulled pork sandwich with friend green tomatoes and his so lightly battered local Mayport shrimp that will send you into another world. I couldn't find a dinner partner one Tuesday night so I went by myself. I ordered the fried fish and shrimp dinner. Comes with a couple pieces of whitefish and 15 shrimp and two sides at $9.95. Art told me to order the lunch portion at $7.99, so I did. I got 4 generous portions of fish and I counted 31 shrimp. I can't say more about this place. Bring your own beverage, no matter what it is, because you're welcome to do so. Buffet served on Friday and Saturday nights only. Reservations are required only for those nights. Dress code: Board shorts and a T-shirt. 904-398-9206
I feel like I am committing a cardinal sin giving Art a bad review, but our experience this evening at Checker's was pretty bad, Got in at about 6:10 and the place was packed but we got a table. Took a while to get our order taken, about 6:30 but no big deal. Was here for the fish, fried whiting, had it a while back & it was great. So we waited... and waited... and waited. After being there for more than an hour and a half (7:40 - still no food) we were told that the fish had run out & we would have to order something else. I was here for the fish, not something else. Many tables around us had large extra portions brought during our wait. We finally got served an hour and forty-five minutes after we sat down, and not the food we wanted.  When we complained they said sorry, we ran out, it happens.  Never coming back after this.
A lot better fish and shrimp elsewere. This place is to fish what Beach Road Chicken dinner is to chicken: greasy, greasy, artery clogging white trash cooking. Incidentally, it is NOT in San Marco.
The place is humble, but the heart of Art is big, and the shrimp is amazing.  Who knows how he makes money - he definitely dishes out more than you pay for.  It's a rare experience not to be missed :-)
This place is an experience! if you can get past the hole in the wall look, you will find some of the best southern stile food in Jacksonville. and Friday and Saturday there is a by reservation only event that is to die for. oh It's BYOB.  And the price is right.
Excellent experience. Delicious lunch today -- "The Trailer Trash Special": pulled pork sandwich with mustard BBQ sauce, fried shrimp (very fresh), and fried green tomatoes. Authentic ramshackle ambience. A real treat.
Price is high, although, the food quality and service is also top notch, all fresh food that isn't processed. The crab cakes are made of real crab, not fish made to taste like crab. Every friend, family member and coworker who has been to this place loves it.
I got hooked on Art's food when he had Palms Fish Camp on Heckscher.  I'm not a huge fan of BBQ but Art has fantastic fresh fried or Cajun shrimp which is the best ever and the pulled pork is pretty great as well.  last time I was there it was BYOB or wine and I hope it still is.  A party of four had more food than we could think about eating and our bill wasn't even $50.  You can't do better than that anywhere.   Plus Art is always a hoot and keeps his patrons in stitches!
I agree with the other reviewers.  The food is good and it certainly is an experience.  I know it is not the largest place, so getting a table could sometimes be tough.  You do get alot of food with the buffet.  Glad I went.
Great food!! Fun experience!!
