Very friendly staff. The space is creative and feels like old southern chic. Located close to other venues in the downtown area.  There is a lack of seating, be prepared to stand all night.
I visited Underbelly recently for the first time and was pretty impressed. I was there to see a comedian from a radio show I listen to on Sirius XM and dragged a couple friends along. When we first walked up (just after a quick dinner at Chomp Chomp), my first thought was that the outside area was set up in a cute way (nothing crazy, a few tables and chairs with some stringed lights around). Once we got inside, we found a seat near the front (I found out later that there was so little seating that someone went home and brought chairs. A lot of people still had to stand so keep that in mind if you're coming for a show) and got ourselves some drinks. The drink prices were pretty good (around $4 a piece if I remember correctly) but they only had one bartender working (it wasn't insanely busy but there was more than enough people to warrant another bartender). The guy who was working was very friendly and indulged my friend when she tried to describe some beer she had tried previously. The comedy show was great but that is another review, I suppose. Underbelly is a cute little venue in a nice location. I'm looking forward to visiting again on a "regular" night.
Well.  Here with a friend for a comedy show.  Saw a check in offer and when I tried to redeem, bartender said it was from forever ago and no longer valid. I would have honored it for good service and from false advertising.  In addition, they were completely out of Blue Moon and no close substitutes. Kinda disappointed.  Hope the entertainment we paid for compensates.
Nice little dive bar with live music. Decent beer selection as well. A lot bigger on the inside than I thought it was. Nice decor and clean all around. Certainly a hipster vibe going on here, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Good atmosphere, friendly bartenders, good drink selection, and live music.
Underbelly is a hipster Pee-Wee's playhouse crossed with The Country Bear Jamboree. This live music venue and bar is, "The perfect place for a single guy to find a manic pixie girl" according to my husband. And while the PBR might be on sale for $3 and turn-of-the-century mustaches are present on every man, this place does NOT scream, "Hipsters only! Turn back ye non skinny jean wearing folk!"  In fact, Underbelly is quite alluring with the doors thrown wide open with music pouring out onto the street as a warm invitation to come inside. Indeed, the seating arrangement  is planned to encourage closeness as guests drink beer and bond with others while listening to the live music. We attended during One Spark's "after hours party" and stumbled upon Fjord Explorers music while walking along the sidewalk. I am a sucker for anything Cello so we stuck around and I soaked up the personality of the bar. Underbelly is a feast for the eyes! The juxtaposition of the candelabra hanging next to the silhouetted human target practice sheets makes an interesting combination as you head towards the bathroom. I also love the giant patina butterflies lightly kissing  the wooden shingled columns by the bar. The price of the beer range from $4-6 and they have Angry Orchard on tap as well as some local breweries. I was happy to see the delicious "summer beer" Oberon also available! Underbelly is my favorite music hall in Jacksonville and I highly recommend spending some time getting your senses stimulated with or without skinny jeans.
The jury is still out on this one.  The first time was decent, but the last one was met by a stodgy bouncer and a bartender who changed the tip amount on my receipt.  I will likely give this place one more chance (best out of three, I guess).
Stopped in after One Spark and really liked this place, nice and large on the inside with couches for lounging and a stage and dance floor. Staff was super nice. They had some live music and I loved the décor! Will be back for sure!
While out with friends on Saturday night during One Spark, we ended up at Underbelly. This place was packed, so if you become faint of heart due to crowds, I wouldn't enter this bar. In any case, the amount of energy inside was mind blowing. As it was during One Spark, the band on stage was a One Spark creator and they were playing some ethereal, yet jammin, tunes. The bartenders seemed a bit overwhelmed. In part, I can't blame them, as the amount of people in and around The Elbow during One Spark was astronomical. Given that, I was still a bit annoyed at how many times the bartender looked right at me and went to another customer for their drink order. I was about to give up and walk out when he finally asked. This was after taking care of multiple people who had just walked up to the bar, compared to myself, who had been waiting 5-10 min for my simple Angry Orchard cider.   I'll probably head back over here on a night when things aren't as hectic, but I'll more than likely steer clear of that bartender.
This place is awesome.  I've never been anywhere in downtown Jacksonville with a better vibe as far as my tastes are concerned; a very chill place.  I am a live music lover and the city really needed a place like this. The sound system and lights are epic.  They have a state of the art light rig as well as a BUMPING system.  I was really impressed with what they've done here.  There is a long bar on the right side when you walk in, some tables on the left, a few couches, and a decent sized dance floor to get down on in front of the stage. Speaking of the bar...they have an amazing beer selection.  I didn't count how many taps there were, but it had to be at least 16-20 different ones.  I had a few Bell's Two Hearted, and a few Magic Hat fall seasonal.  They had a bunch of others, but that Magic Hat was great and I got kind of stuck on it after I ordered it! Downtown Jax is starting to develop a nice little live music/entertainment scene and Underbelly is leading the pack.
Great find! Was in a hotel, random Tuesday night, and this place breathes atmosphere! Bluegrass jam band, microbrews and BBQ sliders...thanks for bringing humanity back to the business trip!
Awesome laid back place to grab a beer on a Friday night. They usually have live bands, check out their website for more details. The food menu is super small and they don't really have "servers" so I would not recommend coming here for food and drinks. There isn't a full bar either, only beer and wine. It's a got a hipster vibe to it, so if you're looking fir a PBR kind of night with a touch of indie music, this is the place for you.
A divey-type atmosphere with homey furniture surrounds a small dance floor and stage. Exposed beam ceilings and posts round out the warehouse but warm space. A good selection of beers on tap and the barkeeps make stiff drinks. I saw a couple of good shows there during the week and would recommend it to visitors and locals alike. Check their calendar; they have a wide variety of acts, from practicing fire dancers, to old jazz, to newer rock fusions.
Alex is the absolute best bartender!! Efficient, friendly, knowledgable, overall great!!!
I really like this place.  You always get good live and local entertainment and the furniture is fun and quirky.  Much like most of the clientele.  They have a good beer selection as well.  Be sure to check their concert calendar to see who is playing.  This is great place to stop in after coming downtown for a game or show at one of the local theaters.
Great place for a beer and some live entertainment! We visited on a Saturday night around 8pm. Large open lift style bar with interesting artwork. Great crowd average age 25-32. The beers were super cheep! Comedy night went from 8-10 and then a darling little blue grass band from Tennessee played for about 45min. Several bands went on after but, we left around 11pm. I do believe they have bar food however, I would suggest eating dinner somewhere else first.
My friends and I were driving to find some food and drove past Underbelly. We stopped and went inside for a beer. It was a great vibe. Not really crowded at all. Since I have been back 3 times. Each night I have gone, there has been live music. First night was a bunch of Fiddlers in the middle of the room. It was a cool sight, they have living style benches to sit on. The beer was cheap, but they ran out of the beer I drank pretty quick. But all in all it was not a bad spot. As far as food, my buddy got the sliders and said they were they best sliders ever. It may have been a coincidence that we were drinking. I on the other hand got a flat bread pizza, and it seemed like a little tostinos pizza that you buy at the supermarket. So it was not good. I would definetly go back, but not to eat. ( Except if its to try the sliders) Hope this is helpful
Formerly Ivy's, this location has converted itself into a BBQ/beer-and-wine-only bar. I like the ambience, though I'm curious to see if they're just waiting for their liquor license or if they're content for just beer and wine. Seems like a waste of a bar on the main strip downtown, otherwise. Our bartender was funny and accommodating, and there were plenty of different seating options to choose from. They choose a wide variety of bands to play, which I also enjoy. Their pork sliders are delicious!
If you enjoy live music with a great atmosphere, Underbelly is the place to be.
I have to say that I had high hopes of this visit after visiting their web site, checking out the menu and specifically going to attend a performance of Hedwig by The 5 & Dime.  Unfortunately, it seems like this place is not being well managed.  From the unavailability of menu items due to the theft of the pork from their smoker, and the lack of chicken (for no reason) to the drinks they simply could not make due to being out of all kinds of standard alcohol and carry Sprite instead of 7up (no 7&7's here), our first experience will likely be our last.  The bar staff could not handle the level of business and closing out my tab was a long procedure that resulted in not even being presented with an itemized receipt.  Although we still ate several menu items and several drinks each, when I asked for a glass of ice water I was told by the bartender to use the self serve water at the end of the bar (which was room temperature and little plastic cups).  Hey bartender, I asked you for a glass of ice water and you couldn't even deliver.  You stink!  Another review said, "snobby and unhelpful" but I would have to disagree.  More accurately unprofessional and incompetent.  I did still leave a generous tip when I closed my tab because Christmas is just days away...but NOT because of the poor experience at this establishment.
Since last coming here, the Underbelly has much improved. They have some great bartenders who keep it together (because it gets busy!) and they have had some great bands play on their stage! This place is a must for anyone visiting Jacksonville!
