I was taken to The Alhambra for the first time for the Shrek dinner show. What a great experience. The staff was welcoming, courteous and quick. I Have no complaints about the food....(I cleared ALL my plates haha). The show was great, the actors were so engaging...there was a few mishaps and it was so great and amazing to see actual improv that really worked amazingly and was SO funny... I am excited to visit the Alhambra again...I'm hoping very soon! PS-full bar and drinks quite affordable!!!
We came for the Shrek Dinner Show. The show for this theatre is great. The actors were well-trained and very upbeat! This was a kid show. That being said, I feel like I must preface this review with the fact that I have only visited this venue for this one child-oriented show. I cannot speak for the consistency. The show was great (as I said before) but the dinner portion of the experience was lacking. The servers and service overall was great but the food needed some serious help. The options were lacking and there was a cafeteria feel to the food. Also, the venue became quite warm once all the patrons were seated. I understand that warm bodies equal warmer air temp, but I have been to many establishments that adequately compensate for this issue. Overall, we enjoyed our experience but I do not know that I would spend my money to return.
Decent food, decent theater. Loved being seated with strangers- great conversation but could be very awkward with the wrong people. If you are not OK eating with strangers get a private table.
I was so surprised by my experience at Alhambra, never having been to a dinner theatre before. I love the performing arts but had the impression that dinner theaters were, well, hokey, and the nondescript suburban location on Beach Blvd left little room to convince me otherwise. Well, I was proven wrong! The Moorish design of the interior was intriguing, the classy bar and the professionalism of the staff started to sway me, the food was a good menu but light on flavor leaving me feeling a little "meh", but the production! The production was fabulous! We saw Shrek The Musical and it was so incredibly well done. It was every bit the level of the Broadway musicals I've seen in large theaters and even on Broadway itself. Everything from the set design to costuming, the talent of the actors simply blew me away. Not the least bit deterred by the size of the playhouse or the audience, they filled every inch of that space plus more putting out an awesome performance full of camp, absolutely perfect comedic timing, tons of energy and just plain FUN. We had an absolutely splendid time and, Alhambra, you have me sold. I can't wait to come back again!!
My wife and I spent the days leading up to our 9th anniversary thinking about something unique to do in Jacksonville (unique, as in something we ourselves had not done before). It was suggested that we check out the Alhambra and although it hadn't occured to us before, we saw that "Ring of Fire" was playing and decided to check it out. Buying tickets was a simple exercise. Although it was the same day as the performance, we logged onto their website, looked at the interactive seating chart and booked our spaces. Doors opened at 6 pm for the 8 o'clock show , with meals starting when you arrived. We came in at 6:30 and found parking to be adequate. For the elderly there is a front entrance drop off and ample handicap parking. Walking in, a bar is to the right hand side and it had a very 70's lodge feel to it. While we didn't partake in any pre-show drinking, the crowd in the bar seemed quite happy with both the bartender and drink selection. A hostess showed us to our seats and by 6:45 maybe 75% of the guests had arrived. We shared a table with two other couples, both of which had attended several shows at the Alhambra and were happy to be returning. The meal consisted of 3 courses, of which several of each selection was available. As the other reviews pointed out, the food was superb and my veggie quesadilla entree, which included a side of steamed veggies and rice, was one of the MOST TASTEFUL meals I have had in any setting, in the last several years. The chocolate pecan pie was also delicious. Gratis drinks include tea,coffee and water , while soda's were slightly more and a full selection of alcohol could also be ordered table side. The curtain went up at 8pm and the show was well presented. As mentioned, It was called "Ring of Fire" and had 8 actors (4 men and 4 women) portraying Johnny Cash during different stages of his life. Most of the cast were multi talented, both singing and playing instruments. The backing band rocked and overall the I'd give the shows a solid B. The first part deserved an A however the 2nd act, showing Johnny's darker side, just didn't seem to be as well portrayed. Including a 15 minute intermission, the entire evening wrapped up at just after 10pm. A few notes, the crowd skewed older, but there was a decent smattering of all ages the night we visited, including kids. Dress ranged from was casual up to evening wear. Some of the older women, went all out with layers of jewels and heavy make-up but I guess that's what most ladies do after a certain age and certain hour. It was interesting to share a table with 4 strangers and I could see that making or breaking an evening, but 2 and 4 person tables were there to reserve also. Service is what knocks this down from 5 to 4 stars. While the staff was nice, they were overwhelmed and forgot about our entire table, to the point that each couple got a credit. I have a feeling though that this was a one off situation for some reason and it would NOT preclude me from going back. Lastly, all the shows of the season are up now, so one can choose to book months in advance if they so please. In the end my wife and I were both glad with this suggestion and I hope other theater goers give it a shot.
I thoroughly enjoyed myself at this place.  Greeted by a nice gentlemen that held the door open for myself and a friend.  Food was amazing first, second, and third course meal - nice presentation of fresh tilapia, rice, and asparagus.  The production of the Color Purple was superb.
We have been to see several productions over the years at this iconic Jacksonville hot spot.  I believe we have seen, Fiddler on the Roof, Annie, Christmas Carol and Phantom of the Opera.  Not once was I disappointed in a performance.  Jacksonville's got some obvious talent. The buffet is good, but doesn't have anything particularly exciting.  Well, actually I did like the chocolate mousse!  But what Foodie doesn't?  The main course is roast beef , chicken and pork and there are a myriad of sides as well.  Not bad food at all, just not a 5 star dinning experience. Because this is a dinner theatre you are sitting in seating designed for dinning.  There definitely is not the luxury of a plush movie theatre chair designed for long time butt planting.  So, I always do find myself a bit fidgety toward the end of a performance as I get a bit uncomfortable due to the chairs. I really do enjoy this kind of evening out regardless of the seating. Really, for the ticket price of $49.00 bucks per person you could have a phenomenal date night at the Alhambra for sure!
This is a great way to introduce your family to Broadway. No, these are not Broadway productions. The plays here are on a much smaller scale, and have a local feel to them. But it's pretty cool seeing what local talent we have in town. Plus, sometimes they have famous actors who come and perform. One of these was Barry Williams who played the oldest brother Greg Brady on the Brady Bunch show. Aside from the guest performers, the local talent is pretty impressive and you might be watching America's future celebs before they become stars. I've seen 3 productions here now. The first one was when I was in 8th grade for a field trip and it was the Alhambra's version of The Phantom of the Opera. My friend's mom worked for the theatre so we got up close and personal, right in front of the stage! The phantom belted out a passionate note and his spit flew out into the air, then curved downward to my friend's dress. Lol. Eww.. Haha. That's what you get for sitting too close! They make good use of the props they have here. I remember the chandelier falling from the ceiling and crashing to the stage. (Don't worry. This wasn't a Spiderman on Broadway moment -- that was actually part of the script.) The second performance I watched here was Beatlemania on a New Years Eve. Through impressive impersonators, who not only acted but played the instruments, they told the story of the Beatles. I'm not a huge fan of the Fab Four, but that night, I really grew to appreciate their music. They not only featured the actors, but played real-life reels of the actual band and intertwined those clips into the live performance. After the Beatlemania play, they had a band come on stage and we all counted down till the new year. The third performance was with my son. We saw the Willy Wonka play. (His ticket was free, thanks to a coupon from the Jax4Kids coupon book. ) The Alhambra has changed ownership. It looks really nice and they did not serve the buffet meal as they had before. Now your meal is plated. You choose your entree from a limited menu and you are waited on. Our food was really good and I prefer this over the buffet-style. Well, that's how it was when we attended. They said they were still experimenting with buffet-style, alternating it with plated meals. The cute touches to the theatre added to the play's theme. There were giant pretend pieces of candy hanging from the ceiling and they featured a chocolate water fountain for grabbing chocolate milk before the play started. The Willy Wonka play was very impressive. Similar to the Beatlemania performance, they intertwined live action with clips on TV. I thought it was creative how they used props, especially the "Wonkavator" that transported Charlie through the factory. The actors all did a great, job, as well. A great activity to do in Jacksonville, but a bit pricey. Great for special occasions.
I went with a friend to Hairspray this weekend, and as usual, the show was excellent quality, with very talented performers in the lead roles.  I was especially impressed by the actors playing Tracy and Seaweed. As for the food, my favorite part, it was decent, if not inspiring.  There was Caesar salad,  a breaded chicken, which was very tender, and strip steak, which I did not have.  The sides were mushroom pasta (ok, if a little mushy), green beans in a tarragon butter sauce (yummy), and some eggplant dish.  Dessert was the ever-present chocolate mousse, which is good, and a cinnamon raisin bread pudding, which was WAY good.  This coming from someone not a big fan of bread pudding.  I know Matthew Medure is supposed to be in charge of their menu now, but in the times I've been, I've found the food to be perfectly servicible, if not outstanding.  Plus the mushroom pasta I'm almost positive was the same pasta served during The Wedding Singer.  So maybe a little more variety is in order.   It's an enjoyable evening out, my only complaint is the lack of tables for two.  I know it's probably a revenue/space thing, but be aware that if you're a couple and it's a busy show, you will probably be sharing a small table with strangers.  For a misanthrope like me, it's a drawback, but hey, I know other people find that appealing.  To each his own.  Service can also be on the slow side, in terms of coffee and drink refills, but that's to be expected with the size and configuration of the theater and dining areas.  All in all, definitely worth going if you enjoy that kind of thing.
This very special show was so emotional and so moving that many times there was not a dry eye in the room. This man wrote the show as his college thesis. He was encouraged by his professor to put it on the stage. He was in NYC on 911. Emotionally he was not able to do it for 10 years. I'm so thankful that he got the courage. It was a 1man show of many different survivors and victims of 911. It was so well written and played out before our eyes the you constantly felt the heart wrenching raw  emotion that was being portrayed of these people. The main idea that I came away with is that we must never forget and we need to remember 9-11
It's been several years since I've seen a show at the Alhambra. I keep telling myself I'm going to go back every time I drive by it. Maybe one day I will. The variety of shows they stage is impressive for it's size. They have a dinner buffet which isn't stellar, but it's better than your neighborhood Golden Corral. The dessert buffet, however, is really good. The $$ rating includes the price for the show; I've heard you can see just the show and not pay for the dinner, but I've never done that. As a fan of the arts, I think it's important to support our local community. I know I'm going to start trying to do better on that myself.
I have been going to the Alhambra Dinner Theatre since I moved to Jacksonville in 1981. So, I have experienced the good, sometimes the bad and even the ugly. Throw out all you heard about the bad food and decor. This place has been transformed into something very special. The talent has always been there. Now you will also get table side dining with delicious food. The new chef is awesome...this guy knows what he is doing. Excuse me...I want to lick my plate0-yes that good. The dessert was so good that I asked for another and my sweet waitress gladly obliged. I strongly urge you to go. It is so great to see that they are selling out...go and you will see why!
We saw the production of Annie here, and it was an excellent night out.  Highly recommend this experience. The price is a bit high; we used an Entertainment Book coupon to basically get one ticket free.  An alternative is that you get in free on your birthday.   All of the staff is incredibly friendly, helpful, and genuine, from the front desk to the servers to the family-run managers who ensure everyone is enjoying their evening.  For our evening show the doors open at 6, buffett is open 6:30-7:45, and the show went from 8 to 10:20.  You don't have to get there too early, but it's worth taking the time to enjoy the evening. The food wasn't anything to write home about, but it was a decent buffet meal.  Salad and dressing came on the table, then the buffet on the night we went included a cold tricolor pasta salad, green beans, corn on the cob (which was soggy), scallopped potatoes, macaroni and cheese, chicken tenders, seafood newburg, rolls, baked chicken, and roast beef from a carving station.  The dessert buffet is then located in the theater, and included fruit cups, chocolate mousse, jello, cake, and peach cobbler.  Note that water, coffee and tea are the only beverages included in the price, sodas and wine or other drinks are extra. The atmosphere was excellent.  The theater seats 388, and on the night we went it was only about a quarter full.  Very intimate setting where almost every seat is a good, close view to the stage, though I'd recommend center if available, and up maybe one level to get a bit higher perspective and see more of the stage (the levels are only about a foot or two height difference).   The actual was play was excellent.  All of the cast fit their roles, and the sets, music, and lighting were all done extremely well.  We've been looking forward to seeing Annie for almost a year, so this performance had much to live up to, and it exceeded our expectations.  Highly recommend a night out at Alhambra!
The Alhambra Dinner Theater has been around for as long as I can remember... and even before that! It is truly a landmark of Jacksonville's creative and cultural history and, after a very near scare that we would lose this beloved establishment to the financial crisis, the city rallied around and gave the Alhambra new life. I remember coming here as a child on field trip after field trip. What better way is there for children to become accustomed to local/national theater? We would come in hoards, unload from the buses in our finest get-ups [I wore my forest green velvet cocktail dress at the fancy age of 12], and pour into their dining room. We would cluster around the white linen clothed tables and oooh and ahhh at the stage in the center of the room. I was very concerned with appearances and so I left my much needed glasses at home, as to not interfere with my glamorous outfit. End result, I couldn't see a darn thing. My bff at the time offered to let me wear one of her contacts. How sweet. However, I will never forget how grown-up and mature it felt to be eating chicken and veggies on nice plates while watching a musical [The Sound of Music, to be exact]. The Alhambra isn't just for children needing exposure to the wonderful world of theater. It's a great place for adults to enjoy, as well. And now that they have revitalized their dining room and their menu, it is more fun than ever! Lots of local actors also get their start here. Angela Robinson, who starred in the touring Broadway production of "The Color Purple" got her start at the Alhambra before the director told her it was time for her to hit the big city. And how right he was! She is just one example of many. If you live in Jacksonville, visiting the Alhambra is a must-do. They have a wonderful variety of performances, a great mix of local and non-local, professional actors [they give the locals a chance at the spotlight!], the food is tasty, and the overall experience is just a wonderful time.
I've been here several times, and I've never had a bad experience. The plays are always very well performed, the sets are complex and involved with the audience (for instance, the vines in the Little Shop of Horrors fall into the crowd at the end), the bar is attentive and happy to serve you as many expensive drinks as your heart desires, and the price is reasonable for a theatre of such a high reputation. Perfect for a date or family outing if your little ones are at least hip height and can appreciate the performance. The only thing keeping this dinner theatre from having five stars is the "dinner" part of it. The dinners have been the same for years now and the dessert choices are horrible. For a hundred dollars for two people, you'd expect to have better quality and more variety.
Eh. Not the best experience. We sat right on the floor, stage center. Seated at a table for six, we had the two seats across from each other furthest from the stage. Big mistake. Although we sat next to very nice folks, the lady next to me had "big hair" and I could only see half the stage at a time, depending on of I leaned left or right. Next time we'll opt for a higher tier table. Not that it mattered, as the show with Richard Hern from Home Improvement was only so-so. The food was okay, but not great. The deserts were below average. No huge regrets, as it was fun to try something new while in from out of town. But I probably wouldn't go again, even if I lived locally.
Great food; Good-sized portions; Good waiter; Good, funny play, on Sunday, June 1st. Barbara Eden was very charming in person also. Got a picture with her and her autograph. Play was sold out.
It's been a really long time since I've been to the Alahambra dinner theater, and what an improvement they've made! The show was terrific as before, but the food is drastically better, and long gone is the buffet way of dining. They offer three courses, with a nice selection that wait staff brings to your table. Food was excellent, service prompt, and they have a nice wine selection as well. I'll be going again.
My son's birthday wish was to go back to the Alhambra (he just loves plays, movies, etc.) so we went to a Sunday matinee.  The show was Wizard of Oz.  The show was super, there were many child actors (munchkins) and they did terrific, better than the adults.  And, Toto stole the show every time he was on stage. The food was better than the last time we went, and has been completely changed.  No longer is there a buffet for the adults. Only the children's "special Oz food" (Cowardly Lion Chicken Strips, Munchkin Cheeseburgers, Flying Monkey Mac-N-Cheese, Tin Man Tots & Emerald Peas) was on a buffet around the stage floor.  The adults were served at the table our salads, entree, and dessert was served to everyone at the table at the same time.   The adults were given a choice of salads, Scarecrow Salad (spinach) or Kansas Style Potato Salad, all of us at our table had the potato salad, which was good, the pickled veggies on the side was very good (I know they came straight out of a can, but they were good and a little different).  Our choice of entrees was Auntie Em's Meatloaf, Wizardly Roasted Pork or Emerald City Cod. I had the pork which was dry and the peach chutney was such a small amount that it didn't really help.   The mac-n-cheese was good, but needed more flavor, a very bland cheese was used, and the lima beans were lacking flavor completely.  The other adults at the table ordered the meatloaf, only one person enjoyed theirs.  There was not any 'gravy' it had a barbecue sauce over it that was too sweet. We were served half way through our meal four munchkin size rolls wrapped in a napkin.   Our dessert choices were Rainbow cupcakes, Peppermint White Chocolate Cake, or Tin Cup of chocolate mousse (served in a mason jar).  The PWCC was the hands down winner for taste and serving size.  The mousse was the same as always, just a wee amount ---- guess it was a enough for a munchkin, but not an adult! Our waitress and servers were very friendly and prompt with refills of water and tea and coffee.   The food was better than the last time and at least everyone received a reasonable serving size.   One more note, in case the Alhambra folks read this, you really need to proof read your programs better, there were so many typos and the most important part (the actual program of the play) was missing.  And, Toto is definitely not a Great Dane / Mastiff mix as stated under the tiny Dachshund / Terrier picture.
Watched Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat.  Service, atmosphere, food, and show -  ALL GREAT!
Saw Joseph and the Technicolor Dream coat. The food was really very good and the show was great. The setup is good, the tables are on different levels so that everyone can see the stage easily. The tables are all filled so you do sit with strangers if your party doesn't fill the table. I am a fan of dinner theatre and this is by far the best food/show combo I have ever been to. If there is a better show or better food in Flordia I would love to know about it!
We have been to a number of productions over the last couple of years, and the entertainment has always been first rate.  The food has gotten steadily better each time, and the theatre finally has an in-house kitchen with a chef formerly of 95 Cordova in St. Augustine.  The dinner this time (Phantom of the Opera) is now in the "fine dining" range and the chef is obviously having a good time.  Here was the menu for the evening: First Course - Citrus Chili Shrimp cocktail and an italian sausage/herb cheese bite in pastry. Second Course - She Crab Bisque with brie crostini OR Arugula Salad with poached pear, cranberries, goat cheese, fried wontons, candied walnuts, and a very nice lemon vinaigrette . Third Course - Seafood Newburg in puff pastry with mashed potatoes and asparagus OR Prime Rib with potatoes au gratin & french green beans OR Crispy Duck Confit with Mango glaze OR Whole Wheat pasta Primavera. Dessert - Lemon Blackberry Cheesecake OR Death by Chocolate cake Our dinners were very good, and the servers are excellent.  In addition to going to see a professionally staged  theatre production, the Alhambra is also a good place for a nice dinner.
Great place for families
First time here, Read much about new management, history, etc. some months ago, and finally went, and caught a great show (Amorous). Buffet style food was very well presented, and overall quality was very good even for a buffet. Staff was very efficient too! Had a great time; well worth cost of ticket.
Our first time here last night. Thought the place looked great!  Was more impressed by the meal.  Usually dinner shows have very bland food but the meal was very good.  Full bar, wine, and beer available so we enjoyed a bottle of Malbec.  The show was Phantom of the Opera and it was very very good.  I'd recommend this show and this theatre!!
This was one of the most moving and unique single man's respective of 9/11 that we have been to. We had family very close (4 blocks) to the Trade Towers on that day. I could relate to a couple of his scenes. This was one man reenacting several scenario from the Tuesday morning for a business man in the south tower to a wife who's husband was also in the south tower. There was a couple of firemen in this show one that died in the collapse and the couple of firemen (from engine 82) that stopped into his bar every night after working at Ground Zone each night. This was such a moving tribute I know there was not a dry eye in the house on many occasions. After it was all over Jansen had a question an answer session and there was everyone from other actors that had a show to put n that night to a lady and gentleman from the Pentagon and an older women that help make the quilts that hung on the church down the street from ground zero. In the discussion there was mention of how 19 men changed this world. How we should NEVER FORGET what happened on that day. This little skit should be brought into the schools so our kids will remember what happened on this Tuesday Sept 11 2001. I think everyone should see this monologue for I hate to say that it was one of the last time this country truly came together as one.
Went there last night for a musical based on Johnny Cash's story. Mediocre food, mediocre service, bad performance.  Won't be going back.
We saw the Wedding Singer this past weekend at Alhambra.  My husband and I were invited by a friend who wanted to watch the Wedding Singer for her upcoming birthday.  I am glad we were able to go because we were pleasantly surprised at how good the show was.  The food was a lot better than expected as well.  The way it works is that the door opens about 2 hours before the show starts.  This is so that guests may get seated and have their dinner before the show.  The dinner is buffet style with servers bringing you salad and drinks (Soft drinks and alcholic beverages not included in the ticket price.  Coffee and ice tea included.)  When the buffet is ready, a host/hostess goes around to each table to let the guests know when to proceed to the buffet table (so there is not a mad rush from hundreds of guests).  There are three tiers to seating arrangement, and looks like they start from the middle top and work them down to the buffet tables. I have been to Alhambra once a long time ago and was not really impressed, but upon learning that the dinner theatre has remodeled recently, I was looking forward to seeing it change for the better.  And it did.  The place looks wonderful and group that performed the Wedding Singer was very talented.  The owner came around and had small chit chats with various tables to see how his guests were doing.  Overall the atmosphere was really pleasant and we had a wonderful evening. For the food and the show, the price was more than reasonable.  There were slight technical difficulties with the sound equipment towards the end of the show, but kudos to the performers, they pressed on and worked through it.
The show rocked and the food was WAY better than expected! Def coming back!
I took a friend to dinner and show and I was very impressed.  We ordered the vegetarian meal and it was genuinely delicious.  We had a stuffed Portobello mushroom that was fresh, hot and had an amazing texture and flavor.  Well done!
Great time at Hairspray!  It was our first Alhambra experience!
I am so happy and thankful to have a professional theatre in Jacksonville. The renovations are fabulous- I love the lobby and bar area as well as the theatre itself. Chef DeJuan is fantastic and has really enhanced the menu! Most importantly, the shows are top notch! Joyce Dewitt, Loretta Swit, George Wendt and many more have and will grace the stage! 2013 will be a great season and I can't wait to see the shows!
Phantom is an outstanding production, the cast is superb... the staging, direction, music and entire theatre experince something you won't want to miss.!!!   Chef Dejuan's menu is above the mark...truly amazing! Thank you for restoring quality in every memorable experience... ~ John Hoffman
The three of us went to see Sally Struthers in "Hello Dolly." What a great show! The tiered seating, means an unobstructed view for all. Good sound system, well regulated. It is a pretty intimate experience, as the the actors used the stage, as well as the aisles for entrances and exits. We were served immediately, even though we were early for the dinner service. I guess this has changed from the buffet mentioned in the other reviews. Plenty of servers, who never missed a beat. I appreciated the suggested tip schedule on the table. Two of the three entree's were superb, but the chicken was dry on the third. The people on the other side of our 6-top were friendly and civilized. Good thing, because the table is relatively narrow. Plenty of parking. I can see it accomodating tour buses handily. I love that the website clearly states that this is an occasion to wear you nice clothes, so we knew what to pack.
Awesome food, great shows, amazing place. Highly recommend to everyone. I became a 2013 season ticket holder I am so impressed. Kudos to the new owners, you brought Alhambra back to life. Thank you !!!!
We went last night with several friends to see The Patsy Cline story and it was fantastic, one of the best small theater productions I've seen in along time.  The food was fantastic, my hat goes off to the Chef and his crew and the wonderful service staff at the Alhambra.  This place is a gem in the entertainment world of Jacksonville.
If you like Johnny Cash, GO! If you like country music, GO! If you like great harmonies, GO! If you just like good music, GO! Where....The Alhambra Theater! Ring of Fire, the Johnny Cash review is such a great show. The shows at the Alhambra just keep getting better and better and this is no exception. It's non-stop music with 8 different singers (none of which are Johnny Cash impersonators) just great singers doing dozens of his songs. Live band led by Michael Ursua  and at one point 5 guitars, piano, bass, drums and fiddle all playing it up! "Folsom prison blues", "I Walk the Line", "Ring of Fire", "Will the Circle be Unbroken" "Boy Named Sue" and of course, "Man in Black". They perform them all. Even some I did not realize he sang like "Flushed From the Bathroom of Your Heart"  and "Dirty Old Egg Sucking Dog". The main guy Chris Blisset has a great country voice that could give Randy Travis a run and maybe does a vocal turn even better. He is a commanding presence on stage. All the other singers were good singers and were spot on in pitch and harmonies. One shout out though to a hometown  player. I have seen Lisa Valdini in more than 2 dozen performances, even before the Alhambra was re-birthed. I ALWAYS loved her paired with Tony Triano and she was good in Phantom but OMGoodness, I am such a fan now after this show. I sort of thought her vibrato was sometimes a little wide but she sang controlled and flawlessly in this show. Even with a country twang that sounded so natural and a little yodel in there for good measure. She emoted on "Waiting on the Banks of Jordan" and you wanted to cry. I realize she doesn't need my approval but kudos for a performance that just blew me away! Big respect Ma'am!  Of course, Chef DeJuan Roy's menu was top notch! I had the country fried steak, mashed potatoes and Squash casserole (subbed for the pole beans) with the soup for 1st course and bourbon chocolate pecan pie for dessert. Chef Roy was exec chef at 95 Cordova, considered the best restaurant in St Auggie and he brings all that talent to us. Lucky people we are cause it is always amazing. There is a saying that is going around with us Alhambra patrons now.... you go and have a meal worth more than $40 and you get a show with talented (mainly New York) equity actors for free. You tell me....where else is that possible. This show exemplifies that to the best degree! Also a shout out to Joey and Jim and their wait staff, many have been there for 15-20 years, you are always so warm and professional. Thanks to all that make such a memorable night every time we go. In away, its hard to believe a night like this can be experienced in Jacksonville   *hugs*
