Excellent, excellent. JVMA is the gem of entertainment venues here in Jacksonville. Before the Arena, we had the Colliseum, but this place was relatively small, and that is why we could not have great artists in our city. This place is great, awesome, clean, well maintained, and focused in the customer. SMH does a good work administering this venue. The personnel is polite, helpful and nice. I attended the Garth Brooks concert on October 11. Me and friends enjoyed much.
What an awesome venue! It's very spacious inside and I love the stadium seating inside. Currently at the Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood concert and everyone is coming in, but it's so well prepped that there aren't huge crowds barging in. The food is normal event price $4 small and $6 large drink, and food ranging from $5-$10. I got Bavarian almonds and they were $5 off the stand. Delish! I really just love the stage and the seating. It's amazing no matter where you're seated and the speakers sound awesome. Great, great venue!
This is a really nice venue inside and out. They are getting bigger and better concerts every year. At first I noticed a lot of country concerts but they and the city of Jacksonville have done a great job getting in some of the best acts in music. The first two rounds of the NCAA Basketball Tournament have been played here and will be here in the future. I have attended a couple of Ringling Bros Circuses, a handful of concerts (John Mayer x2, Dave Matthews Band, Black Eyes Peas), and a few sporting events. The venue is very versatile like most arenas it seats around 15,000. Which is not bad compared to other major arenas. (Staples Center 18,000, Madison Square Garden 18,000, United Center 20,000. Give or take a couple hundred seats. Around the arena is some good to decent parking. You can park at the fair grounds, the two parking garages next to the arena, near Everbank Field or by The Baseball Grounds of Jacksonville. So parking is never a problem. It just depends on what you are willing to pay for parking for a specific event. All in all a great venue. Some great concerts and sporting events are coming to the future. Nothing but good things for this arena!
This may not be the biggest arena out there, which is why we don't get a lot of the really huge concerts, but I think it's a great venue.  Besides, it's not that far of a drive down to Orlando to catch the big concerts. Parking for the arena is pretty easy.  There are several different lots around for parking; however, I would suggest you use Republic Parking which is a garage located right next to the arena.  Check out my review for this Parking garage here:  yelp.com/biz/republic-pa… The arena is laid out well and it's very easy to navigate around.  There are signs everywhere pointing you in the right direction.  There are escalators and elevators to use.  If for some reason you still can't find your seats, there are plenty of employees who will be happy to point you in the right direction. There are many food options and most are pretty good.  There are also beer options and mixed drink options.  All are going to be pricey, but that is to be expected. For those of you who smoke, smoking is not allowed inside the arena.  Believe it or not, they won't even allow you to vape or use an e-cig in the arena (that really shocked me), but there is an outdoor area where you can step away to smoke or vape away.  But then again, it's not that hard to sneak a drag from your vape or e-cig if you do it discreetly because they don't have a smell.  Shhhh....  I didn't tell you that!  LOL I've been here for concerts, sporting events, Disney on Ice, and even a couple of graduations.  There's really not a bad seat in the house.  I've even once been in the upper tier for a Tim McGraw/Faith Hill concert and could still see pretty well. It's hard to believe our "new" arena is now a decade old because it still has that brand new feel to it.  It has been very well maintained over the years. I look forward to coming to many more events here in the future.  I've yet to have nothing but a good time each and every time I've stepped foot in this arena.
I've been to a few arenas over the years...some new and some not so new. It is my understanding that this on has seen its 10th birthday and seats about 15,000.  While in the arena, I felt there there wasn't really a "bad" seat in the house, which scores a win from me.  Although the floors were a little sticky (probably hard to avoid with beers and cokes spilling from the cheering fans), the restrooms (ok, so I only went in one but I'm going to presume this speaks for all) were fairly clean (not trashy or smelly) which scores a second win from me.  The parking garage is literally right next door, offering a very short walk for eager-to-find-my-seat-fans. Overall, not bad and I would definitely consider attending more events here.
Having been to both the old arena and new one I'd have to say this is a huge improvement. The seating in the arena is pretty comfortable with enough leg room between rows for most people to sit comfortably without bumping the seats in front of them. I've been to a high school graduation and a concert in the arena and was impressed with how well the staff handled both events. The bathrooms are kept clean and well stocked for the most part.  There are various  concession areas throughout the arena each serving delicious food and tasty beverages.   I look forward to going back to the arena soon.
This is a nice arena. I came from Orlando to watch the cross fit  games. The arena seats are nice and the rest rooms were clean.
We saw Billy Joel here the other night. I thought it was a great venue for a concert. The acoustics were great, and the HD video displays over the arena were awesome. We sat in the cheap seats on the 3rd level, and had easy access to the concession stands and rest rooms. I took one star away because leaving the building from the 3rd level took forever going down the stairs. It was my first show at this venue, and I look forward to the next one.
Awesome staff and workers. They were beyond sweet and I can't thank them enough  with my daughter constantly getting up and walking around and being a big baby lol they were nothing hit accommodating offering me new seats where she can stand etc. amazing people !
I was here for my first AFL (Arena League Football) game and my second time being in a arena such as this. It was a typical arena nothing really special about it except the fans that came out for a free preseason game and the players. I was happy to see the players playing hard and giving the fans a show despite it being a preseason game. The best part of the arena to me was the Gator Bowl history mini museum that was by the main entrance to the arena.  I could suggest they make the arena more appealing to the eye because there wasn't much to ooh and ahh about. I guess that's up to the management of the Jacksonville Sharks. I would like to come back and watch more games, but will temper my expectations for the look of the arena, at least on the inside.
This a cool venue for various events. The acoustics are not perfect for a concert, but still worth it to go for a show.  I've been impressed with their various food and drink options as well.   You might want to bring a coat with you as it has been freezing here every time I have come for events.
What an amazing venue! I've seen tennis matches and a concert here and it never disappoints. The staff is friendly, restrooms are clean and the events go off without a hitch! I cannot wait to come back and see more amazing performances. Food and drink costs are in line with a large venue. Beers range from $7-9 and liquor drinks $7-14. Food at the standard concessions include hot dogs, burgers, popcorn, pretzels and funnel fries. (Funnel cake in strips, looked amazing) the french fries were so e of the best in town! Other concessions are manned by local restaurants like Firehouse and Bono's so there is a lot of variety. Plenty of table seating to eat and lots of room to dance at your seat.
I've been to the arena for a few events. I've seen a couple concerts & been to a basketball game. It is a beautiful facility and the staff does an excellent job of keeping it clean. The seats are comfortable & having sat in a variety of locations, there doesn't appear to be a bad seat in the house. I agree with Lorenzo A. that the parking situation can be a little sketchy if you're choosing to park in one of the driveways of the surrounding neighborhood. I just hope that Jacksonville can continue to draw bigger & bigger names here so that we can continue to enjoy big name events here rather than having to drive out of town.
Pretty cool indoor venue. This is where they usually hold the circus. I came here recently for the Cirque du Soleil Alegria performance. As usual a fantastic performance from the Cirque team. Our view was good. We felt close enough even though we got 2nd level tickets. s3-media1.px.yelpcdn.com… Many years ago, I came here for the Godsmack / Limp Bizkit concert. I remember Fred Durst walking on the ledge in the audience. These days you won't see many bands come here. They usually head to St Augustine's amphitheatre or to the Florida Theatre, or you have to trek it all the way to Orlando or Tampa to see your fave band play. I've seen some graduations and ice skating performances here when I was younger.   Planning to see a show? Food is pricey (as all event food usually is), and if you have little ones, you might want to bring money for souvenirs (read, dust-collectors!) and fancy programs you probably won't need. Either that, or just keep a keen mean eye out so you can avoid spending on those entirely.
Cheering on the sharks.   Going for the 5th straight league champs.  And arenaboel chsmps
I've been to the arena for various events. I attended a Jacksonville Giants basketball game with my niece last season, but I haven't been here for a concert since the first time that I lived in Jax. I saw Shania Twain, Godsmack/Metallica, Disturbed/Flyleaf/Nonpoint, Papa Roach/Stone Sour/Sebastian Bach, among others. Seat wise, unless you don't like heights, I don't feel that there is a bad seat in the house. I remember being at the very top of the arena for Shania Twain, and that still gave a great view. I would try to get a bite to eat before coming here. Food is definitely pricey and if its a big show. There are a lot of options for parking, but if it is a big show, parking will be difficult and expensive. There used to be a lot of great concerts that came here, what happened? Unless I've missed things, it doesn't feel like the arena is utilized to its full extent as much these days.
I went here for the NCAA men's basketball tournament. Nice layout and looked very clean. Plenty of bathrooms and for those shy guys.... there are single-person family restrooms scattered around the concessions. There is a smoking balcony. Security at the entrance only checked people carrying bags. There's plenty of parking surrounding the arena. There's a fenced parking lot area that charged a flat $30 (in & out) parking permit for 2 days, which is a bargain, compared to the $15 entrance-only charge. I don't recommend parking in one of the nearby homes offering their front yards as parking space unless it's absolutely necessary. It just looks pretty sketchy over there. I say, come to the event early & save yourself the trouble of finding your car broken in to.
I'm a big fan of the entire Jacksonville Sports Complex area. Anchored by EverBank field, the complex also consists of the Jacksonville Baseball Grounds and the Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena. The Baseball Stadium and Arena are both beautiful modern buildings, built with all the amenities of newer venues while providing intimate settings for those attending. This arena hosts Arena Football, Lingerie Football (seriously!), concerts, circuses, concerts, and my most recent visit was to check out WWE Wrestling. Getting inside the arena was easy, security was thorough but polite, and the staff members were excellent. Very easy to find your way around, and lots of locations to get yourself some beers, some different types of food, and areas to pick up merchandise. The entire arena, from floor to ceiling, and especially restrooms, were immaculate. Well stocked and clean, and monitored by plenty of security, uniformed police, and helpful staff members. There wasn't a bad seat to be had at the event i attended. I would guess even from the very top, you would get a decent view of whatever was happening at the arena. It seemed to be plenty large for Jacksonville, although not so large that you're crammed in with thousands of other people and not able to have a good time. Most people's issues here seemed to be with parking. This depends on if you want to pay a lot or a little, I suppose. We parked in the parking garage directly attached to the arena- it was $12 for the night, and incredibly easy to get in and out, we waited about 15 minutes after the show, and we drove directly out of the garage, and were on I-95 in under 10 minutes. There was also parking in the major lot in between Everbank and the Baseball Grounds- although beware of your surroundings, especially at night in downtown Jax. Overall, though, it seemed to be secure and a well-maintained area, even later at night. Overall, I had a great time checking out WWE SmackDown, and will probably be returning for some Jacksonville Sharks games soon. This is a beautiful arena, and would definitely recommend it to anyone in the Jacksonville area- especially if your favorite music or sports act comes to town.
We went to see the Backstreet Boys here and we had a BLAST. I thought it was great that they sold cheap(er) beer on sale; that usually doesn't happen in an arena setting. Great location, easy to find.
First football game with kids for the Jacksonville Sharks doing a donation for pet food game. It was a lot of fun we ended up buying season tickets. My son really liked the indoor football game and my older kids have been here for concerts. It has plenty of parking and a staff with a good attitude.
Love going to the games here following friend Taylor Rowan with the Shock.  Nice stadium.
Poor planning for people with mobility issues.  There are not enough handicapped entrances, restrooms, seats available.  Recently went to a Military show, with lots of veterans who needed wheelchairs & assistance, along with 100s of elderly people needing help on and off elevators, who cannot do the escalators or stairs. The lines for the elevator (there was only one working) was ridiculously long.  I stayed with my elderly relatives who needed the elevator (they use walkers); my husband and children went ahead to find our seats (open seating which I will never again do, I want an assigned seat number next time!)   My husband explained to the usher why he was waiting next to a wheelchair / handicapped seat even though he didn't himself need it, the usher told him there was no problem, my teenage son could stay and hold the two seats we needed and my husband and daughter could go on and get seats for themselves and me and my son.  My husband found them and reluctantly left our daughter (10) at the seats while he came and assisted me in getting our senior relatives to their seats.  (the usher assured him he would "watch" and there was no problem in her sitting waiting the few minutes he would be gone).  When we finally got to the correct area with my senior family members, all the seats were taken by other people, my son and daughter had both been told to move by another usher.  The first usher was no where to be found when my husband returned. So.... we were forced to find other seats a long way apart from each other.  It was a wonderful show, but none of the 6 of us was seated next to another family member; one nice patron noticed our problem and gave my daughter a seat next to my husband so at least they were next to each other. We had arrived 2 hours prior to the performance, thinking we would have plenty of time to find seats; we were not allowed into the arena until 1 hour prior to the start along with all the other 5,000 handicapped veterans and seniors, all the regular folks not needing the handicapped seats were already seated in the area on the map showing where we were suppose to sit.   This show may have been unique in the number of elderly persons trying to attend an event at the arena at the same time, but clearly the number overwhelmed the entire arena personnel.
Boy is this a cool place!  There definitely isn't a bad seat in the place!
Parking close by. Seating was great.  Staff very helpful. Overall great experience.
Decent venue. Service sucked. Parking is reasonable depending on the show.
Not a bad seat on the house. Good venue for concerts and shows as well as basketball, indoor football,..and all the rest!
Please fix the bass during concerts.  So overwhelming
