We have been to The Comedy Zone many, many times over the past decade we've been together.  We've seen some really amazing comedians here and have never been let down.  We've seen a couple of the big names here, but for the most part, it's always been lesser known comedians and they have always given great laughs. One excellent thing about The Comedy Zone is if you fill out one of their surveys while you are there and then hand it to them on your way out, they will give you free passes to come back again Tuesday - Thursday (they are closed on Mondays).  The passes are good as long as it's not one of the big names performing.   Whether you are here with free passes or you've purchased your ticket, there is a one drink minimum.  If you are a non-drinker, it doesn't have to be alcohol.  You can order water or a soda.  The only water they serve here is bottled water.  The drinks they make are strong.  This is the only place I've ever been where I actually had a drink so strong I couldn't drink it and it was just a pina colada.  OMG did they put the rum in that thing; it was ll I could taste! The food they serve here comes from Gigi's, which is the restaurant in The Ramada and it's not very good.  We've eaten at Gigi's once and I do not recommend it.  If you are craving some food, the chips and salsa are nice choice.  It's actually some of the best salsa I've had.  The nachos are also very good and they are HUGE...  more than enough for 4-5 people to share.   The Comedy Zone started this thing a while back where they have a "Comedy Showcase."  This wasn't going on before we moved to Orlando, but it was when we moved back to Jacksonville.  We've been to it twice and have been very unimpressed.  Even using free tickets, I was bored to tears both times.  The Comedy Showcase features local comedians from here In Jacksonville.  While I can appreciate they are trying to start careers or whatever, the ones I have seen have not been funny at all.  As for some of them, just because you throw the f-bomb around after every other word doesn't make you funny.  For some unknown reason to me, some of them must believe it does.  *shrug*  Anyway, point being, I do not recommend going on a night when they have this Comedy Showcase going.  If you're going to go, then go see a real comedian, even if it is a lesser known comedian you've never heard of.  Again, every one we have seen has had us rolling with laughter. This is a small, intimate comedy club and there isn't a bad seat in the house.  The servers have always been outstanding.  They have these cards on the table that you raise if you want to order another drink or food and the servers knows to come around.  I think this is a most excellent idea so as not to disrupt the show. One last thing, you must be 21 years and older to enter The Comedy Zone.  I've always wondered why this policy exists.  It looks they could let in 18 year old and just not allow them to drink.  The only the I can figure on the matter is they check IDs before you go in and it's dark inside and they don't want to have to check IDs again while a comedian is performing and they don't want to accidentally serve a minor.  So, I suppose it makes sense.
The drinks are reasonably priced for a comedy club.  I think it was $4 or $5 for domestic/imports. I ordered one of their specialty drinks and wasn't too impressed.  The host/emcee the night we went was not funny at all. Thankfully, the second comedian and the headliner were great. Tip-eat before you go to a show. We ordered the appetizer sampler and my boyfriend ordered some kind of chicken sandwich. The spinach dip tasted like spearmint, which was weird. Everything else was meh, for lack of a better term.
Okay..where do I begin!? While I enjoyed the comedy acts performed that evening the service was terrible, and the food and drinks are overpriced! Usually when someone says they waited 45 minutes for a drink it's an exaggeration...this isn't. While we waited on our very first order of drinks our server comes back and says we can't make what you have ordered (long island ice tea) because we are out of sour mix, I respond with okay "I'll take a vodka and water" thinking that shouldn't take much time and there is no way they are out of water..they weren't. My first drink finally arrived roughly 45 minutes later. We were too afraid to order another drink because of the wait...so we sat through all three acts with dry chops! Let me just state that I have worked in the service industry and understand how it can become busy all at once, (it wasn't the servers fault I know) but it's Comedy Zone's job to provide enough staff to accommodate the guests that will be coming to the show. And there were probably 9-10 servers to for 353 people. That's outrageous!!   I would not recommend going to this venue until they can properly provide staff to their guests!
Why is this place inside of a hotel? No clue? It was either their first and they decided to attach the hotel onto it. Or vice versa. (Shrug). I just don't see someone ideally thinking that this place needed to be inside each other. Anyway the parking can sometimes be an issue. There's a small piano bar just outside of the comedy club - but you aren't allowed to bring your drinks from the bar. The bar drinks are great. The drinks served inside are watered down. House wines pretty much suck and non-alcoholic drinks still will run you $4 a cup with no refill. Stick with beer! There's a happy hour at the outside bar but that's over at 6pm. I use to love the set up of this place. But they recently changed. Seemed to remove most of the bigger tables instead for a bunch of round tables. I guess it makes it easier for servers to get around int eh dark. But it leaves little room to place a drink on the table after ordering their ultimate nachos. These nachos are huge for under $11. Could easily accommodate 4 people as a complete meal. Since I'm on food - most of it sucks. No one will ever say they came here for food. It's just to buffer the alcohol. And on that note if you order anything that's fried - I'm almost certain that the oil has never been replaced. I've patted down some egg-rolls with three different napkins that turned invisible. Comedians are hit and miss. But normally closer to hits. Most of the shows I've seen have been local lineups and a few older faces that are still doing stand up. I definitely recommend ordering a drink and watching a local lineup! You can really gauge that being a comic is not easy just by comparing the acts you see. Thankfully I've never heard anyone booing but that silence has gotta cut deep. And rarely do I ever see the front row get roasted. The comedians really do pay attention to what you write on the comment cards after the show. I personally saw one reading a comment card right at the door as guest left. Not very professional, especially since she was collecting other cards at the same time but it's nice to know that someone reads them. Plus you turn in the cards and you get free comedy tickets. Not bad spot to check out with a group. Venue is okay but plenty of room for improvement.
This is one of my favorite places to be on Fridays. It's very impressive the variety of comics the Comedy Zone brings! In the last year some of top comedians I have seen were Tom Arnold, Drew Carey, Josh Blue, Sarah Colonna and Chris Tucker, all at very reasonable prices! Local comics are great too and you can usually get in free (one drink minimum) or for $10, depending. After the show, the comedians also have the opportunity to sell their merchandise and take pictures with fans. If you sign up for their email list, they usually have a Black Friday special and you can purchase memberships for half off! It's seriously a steal. I ended up paying $35 for 2014 and most shows, except major "celebs" are free with membership Tuesday-Friday. I only rated this place 4 stars because the tables are tiny and the chairs can be uncomfortable. I have been coming here for several years and I don't think they have updated the decor in that time. The food is actually decent, reasonably priced and good portions though. The nachos are insanely huge! The drinks can be a little pricey though. Overall, I have never had a bad experience here!
"The fun way to forget your day!" A staple in the Jacksonville community, the Comedy Zone is a great place to go to unwind and cramp your face muscles. I've attended several comedy shows here since I reached admission age, and I have to say I've never had a truly disappointing experience. At times the comedians' acts can be hit or miss, the drinks are a tad pricey, and the food is your run of the mill bar food, but usually there are other redeeming acts to follow bad ones, and the service is pretty attentive. The Comedy Zone hosts many local comedians as well as more well-known comics. Free admission to military on Tuesdays, not open on Mondays.
We got to see Ralphy May here on a Sunday night. The club was packed. My biggest complaint is how tightly they squeeze people in. You get to make friends with the people at the next table quickly. The best thing here is there are really no bad seats. It's a throwback to the comedy clubs of the 80's. The drinks seem reasonably priced, as are the tickets. You can also sign up for their mailing list and get a free pair of tickets. I had lived here for two years, and had driven by this Ramada Inn many times, and had NO idea there was comedy club here.
This place gets PACKED. I was here with my honey when we went to go see Deray Davis. The Comedy Zone itself is inside of the Ramada that is tucked away off of San Jose. That kind of threw me for a loop, but hey, not really a big deal. My only gripe is that they have tables and chairs packed all on top of each other. I didn't buy any of the food or drinks with the fear that my waiter or another guest would tilt their tush and either spill my drink/food. Meh, I'll go back in the future if there is a headliner I really want to see.
I laughed so much my face *HURT* after leaving the Comedy Zone last night! Can you pay an establishment a higher complement than that? I awoke still energized from the experience last night and it has added an extra spring in my step at work the next day! Previously, I had never given The Comedy Zone a second thought as something I would enjoy. I assumed it was a dodgy, smoky venue with sophomoric humor laced with filth. I'm glad I got over my prejudices and gave The Comedy Zone a chance. The selection of beer was small but the price reasonable at $5 (I got a Blue Moon served in a glass with an orange.) The show started promptly at 8:00 p.m. and lasted until 10:00 without any breaks. There was around 6 local comedians and I enjoyed ALL save one, 90% of his repertoire was ball jokes. I have a personal limit of just five ball jokes per day, after that it just becomes irritating. Bob was the first comedian and he set the bar high for the rest of the night! I really enjoyed his self-effacing stories. Reggie was another favorite where I laughed so hard my stomach hurt! I can't wait to go back and hear those two again! There is a rating form of the comedians and once filled out you receive two free passes for a Monday through Thursday show! I will give The Comedy Zone a fifth star when they improve their food. I don't mind pub style food but fresh ingredients is a must! We paid $6.75 for a plate of stale tortilla chips and a bowl of globby nacho cheese that tasted straight out of those giant cans you buy at Sam's. Ew. Fresh food, a printed list of signature cocktails, and some opulent decorations would certainly class up the joint and draw in more crowds. However, until those improvements are made they still have a fan in me and as my favorite body builder turned politician says, "I'll be back!"
I missed the yelp event since I had prior plans but wanted to at least scratch this off my list of to do items in town that anyone who lives here should try.  The hubs and I spotted  early Sunday morning via a Facebook post that one of my fave wrestlers from back in the day was in town and had a show going on.  We purchased two tickets in section two I believe table off to the right side of the stage about 2-3 tables back from the stage for a total of under $55. In my opinion, this was WAY affordable to meet one of my favorite wrestlers from my youth. We got in, and got seated pretty easily. Within five mins or so, a server  came by for drinks and explained the "stop me for service" card. Pretty easy for first timers!  There's only a one item minimum order and they have a full bar plus food so, no biggie. The show was wonderful, the opening comic and emcee were pretty funny. I got to see a side of Mr. Mick Foley I never imagined I'd see, pleasant surprise and very worth the trip. All of his proceeds went to a charity called RAINN. All around good guy and a great cause. I wish I had noticed the show info a bit sooner so I could snag better seats. I will be glad to visit this place again!
They've definitely made some upgrades since the last time I went to the Comedy Zone. While I love seeing comedians, I don't have the best record of supporting the local places. Not that I don't support them, I just don't make it out that often. I like the backdrop on the stage (don't remember that) and the food (don't remember them having food before) while was what I expected, was just ok. The drinks were good and our waiter - Reggie - was on his game. The system they use to 'flag' your waiter down during the show is perfect. Makes it so much easier for you to get their attention without missing a laugh. One negative to living in Jacksonville - even though I do love this city - is everything is so spread out. I don't see myself making it over here very often, but I will pay attention more to acts that are coming into town and keep it on the rotating list of date night options.
I have been coming here for a number of years. Seems like an odd location but in reality probably better here than a large venue. I have seen some big name comedians here and what I love is you can interact with them after the show. Some of the people I have seen and how I grade them: Ralphie Mae- A- Tom Green- B Steve O- F Arnez J- A+++++++++ Sheridan ?- A+ John Witherspoon- A Carlos Mencia- B Tommy Davidson- C Paulie Shore- B John Reep- A+++++++++ The venue is somewhat outdated, but I think that is what gives the place character. I like sitting on the outer wall on the second level personally for the shows. The service for drinks here is very simple. Pull a card up to the top of this rigged table assortment for drinks, put it down if you are satisfied. I always seem to get slow service here for some reason which can be annoying. Also, I reccomend buying your tickets online! You can skip the line and go strait to door leading in and show them your email confirming your tickets from your smart phone. I have not used my free passes to get in on their off nights but for some I am sure this would be a plus!
This is a great inexpensive date night venue!  I have been several times and each performance has varied, but Comedy Zone service has always been exceptional.  I remember seeing George Wallace here a several years ago and he actually sat down at my table with me and my party and did a good section of his performance from there!  We were rollin'!!  But this is a tiny club and I suppose if the comfort level is there by the comedian, this kind of interaction is more feasible than in a venue like the Florida Theater.  It also makes heckling a heck of a lot easier to hear, and although the majority of the time this kind of interruption of the show is incredibly annoying, on some occasions, if the performer is quick witted, heckling can be a really humorous part of the show as well. Pricing varies per performer, but I don't think I have ever paid more than $24.00 to see a show here.  And, a lot of times Comedy Zone gives out FREE tickets via the radio or some other kind of marketing promotion.   This is a great late night, date night idea for sure!
This is a little restaurant with a little stage at the front for the comedian to do their performance. Kind of small for some acts. We saw Ralphie May and it was packed in there. The seating set up is kinda awkward for some people, I'm sure. But our seats were pretty good. The best part about seeing a comedian at a small venue like this is meeting them afterwards. We actually saw the comedian before the performance had pics with him and ran into him again later that night. A friend of mine comes here often and says that even the amateur nights are good.
As with most comedy places I have been to, you can usually get in with a fairly cheap ticket price, the alcohol is a bit overpriced, the service isn't excellent, and the decor is lacking.  With all that being said, if you like comedy shows this place does seem to get some bigger names....which seems a little odd considering it is located inside of a Ramada Inn.  Odd. It sounds like you usually get to meet the comedian after the show if you want to wait in line.
This is a fun place to go with friends or a date or both.  They accommodate groups nicely.  Every time I have been I have had FREE TICKETS.  Just beware, it can fill up quickly and the free ticket people are subject to not getting in. The comedians vary in notoriety and on the funny scale, but a good time is had by all.  The food menu is reasonable and actually pretty good.  As for the drink prices, I thought $11.00 for a mixed drink was high and the last time we went the consistency was off.  One would be okay and the other not very strong at all.  The service on a packed night can be slow so be patient or order 2 at a time. If you like comedy, try out the Comedy Zone.  You will be glad you did.
My first time here was tonight, and I got to see Charlie Murphy perform (HILARIOUS!). This club isn't at all spectacular, but I don't expect much from local comedy spots....or any comedy spot to be honest with you lol I can honestly say the food is a little too pricey for me, especialy with such simple options. I ordered a shrimp basket, a Zone Juice, and a cup of ice water. $23. The fries that came with it were great but the shrimp tasted as if it was fried in grease that should have been thrown out 4 fryings ago...the drink was good 'n' strong (though I'm not much of a drinker since I moved down here 10 mos ago, so maybe my tolerance has gone down lol), and the water (bottle) wasn't even the size of the ones you can get in a gas station. So not awful, but definitely not worth $23...I suggest you have a DD, fill your belly and get intoxicated prior to coming because you're not going to get much for your money in that regard. At least the waiters/waitresses were friendly :-) I was seated in the far back, and I still thoroughly enjoyed the show...the acoustics were perfect, the speaker volume was on point, and I had a clear view (save the random person/waiter getting up and walking/standing in front of me) of Charlie. Only slight issue is that they weren't really checking tickets when I came in...I had my confirmation print-out in my hand, but no one bothered to verify and show me to my seat...I literally just walked on in lol BUT, being a good samaritan, I found my table and stayed there...know that this will be the last time that happens...I plan on going again next weekend with some buddies to see DC Curry and if the employees don't care about where I sit, then hell I don't care either...Ms. Rita will be making her way to the front! lol They do seem to give away alot of free tickets to their shows...I got 2 on my way out lol Oh, and free for military on Tuesdays, so if you need a laugh and don't care who its from, then just have your Military ID with ya and c'mon down! :-)
Most always a fun night out. Have seen some big name comedians and local or lesser known performers. On a few occasions the lesser known guy/gal was funnier than the big name one. Good priced date night or great for groups.
