We had a great waitress who knew the menu well and was good at recommending items. We started with lumpia rolls. Addictive! Curry cauliflower was good and kids loved it. The pork sigsig was delicious and I love tofu so I ordered sigsig tofu. Lava rice is yellow with a slight Cajun taste. My favorite rice was the garlic rice. The noodle dish with cabbage and chicken plus sugar peas was really good! Everything came out hot and tasty! Ill def be back again and maybe we can catch the karaoke show. This is def authentic Philippine dining at its best!
The following review was published under my byline in the Florida Times-Union on Thursday, April 18, 2013. This is an original, unabridged version of that review. There is plenty to like about the new Maharlika Hall & Sports Grill, near the strip center-happy intersection of Beach and San Pablo on the Southside. The trick is to pick the right strip center, which baffled my iPhone's usually spot-on Google Maps app. I'll give Maharlika a pass, though, since they only opened their doors March 2 (it seems even Google needs time to catch up). The sprawling multifunction space is part-restaurant, part-nightclub, and with the healthy number of flat-screens ringing the hall, seemingly part-sports bar, too. Booths hug the walls, with tables blanketing the interior, ready to be whisked away for some serious party square footage. The space is adjacent to an Asian market and travel agency connected to the restaurant venture and next to World Gym (look for its sign along Beach Blvd.). Our enthusiastic and attentive server, Kevin, gave us a rundown of the entertainment early on. Karaoke before appetizers? Let me get past my fourth Diet Coke and we'll talk, I said. And talk about the food we shall. Maharlika serves traditional Filipino cuisine, with many dishes served family-style and at reasonable prices. My dining companion and I began with the Lumpianitas ($9), about a dozen fried pork and vegetable rolls served with a sweet-chili dipping sauce. The fillings were fresh and addictive, but those golden-fried wrappers were a bit more fried than I preferred. For the main event, I opted for the Tofu Sisig (hot plate; $9), fried diced tofu marinated in soy sauce with shallots, jalapenos and seasonings and served with a scoop of Jasmine rice with fried garlic flakes. While the jalapenos never made it to the party, for this tofu fan, the texture and flavor didn't keep me missing them for long. My friend went for the Pancit Bami ($12), a conflagration of Sotanghon and Cantonese noodles chock-full of vegetables, Chinese sausage, chicken, pork and shrimp. The best way I can put it is this: it was massive, exotic and full of surprises, including the tart calamansi, or Filipino lemon, as an unfamiliar yet tasty garnish. Come hungry, and bring company or a penchant for boxing leftovers. Maharlika also offers familiar--that is to say, American-standard--desserts, including cherry and blueberry cheesecake ($3.99 each). Others offer an exotic twist, including the Special Mamon ($2.99), a traditional Filipino yellow sponge cake that resembles an oversized cupcake. On top was a scoop of Ube (purple yam) ice cream, which was as colorful as it was delicious. My friend tried a slice of the Leche-Flan ($2.99), which was simply presented and decadently rich. From a volume perspective, these aren't the oversized shareable sweets you'll find at a chain. Or, maybe it was I just didn't want to share. Our dinner check for two came to $43.85, including a shared appetizer, main courses and desserts. It was a very reasonable Sunday-evening outing for the quality and quantity of what we got. Four easily could have been satisfied with our menu selections. Maharlika boasts Coca-Cola products and a full bar. And to feed those hungry night-dwellers, the kitchen offers the full menu until 2 a.m. on weekends. Speaking of those weekends, Kevin told me of line dancing, karaoke (I still wasn't ready after Diet Coke No. 4) and occasional live bands Saturday nights to spice up the scene. Maybe I'll come out for an early set one Friday night, if they can stand this suburbanite crooning Sinatra. Maharlika is a worthy dine. Just bring a hungry crew and your dancing shoes. Maharlika Hall & Sports Grill 14255E Beach Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32250 (904) 992-1112 for reservations maharlika.mayumibeats.com Hours: Monday-Thursday 3 to 11 p.m. Friday 3 p.m. to 2 a.m. Saturday 8 a.m. to 2 a.m. Sunday 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Reservations: Accepted Credit Cards: All major except American Express Children's Menu: No Outdoor Seating: No Catering: Yes Bar Service: Full Bar Price Range: Moderate
Prior to visiting Maharlika I didn't even know it existed. I read a few reviews and decided to try them. I walked in and the place wAs empty, had to do a double take to make sure I didn't just break into a closed restaurant. The young lady at the bar was cordial but not too engaging. She did suggest a few options that I should try next time. I ordered the chicken sisig with white rice: I was ok. I could appreciate it but was not in love with it. Seems like It is basically chicken that's grilled or seared and then chopped really fine with onions peppers etc. I was a bit disappointed with the flavors, wish it was a bit spicier even though it was well seasoned. Overall I was satisfied. I will definitely go back and explore the menu.
I visited with my friend who is Filipino and the 6 of us (4 adults, 2 kids) all enjoyed our food. I had never eaten this style of cuisine before but all the plates were extraordinarily large and tasty.( All servings are home-style and meant for 2 or more people, think Bucca). The main host is a friendly, boisterous gentleman who runs the karaoke area in between visiting tables. The structure itself is cavernous and the decor somewhat cheesy but with the bar and karaoke stage this atmosphere seems to fit. Keep in mind that if you are eating on a night they have a cover charge they will make you pay up or leave if you remain past a set time.
Food was great! How i missed the lechong kawali and sisig! Try the pancit bami too! Love my filipino food! One thing on the downside is the slow service. The place wasnt busy at all but the service is a little slow.
Long Story Short: T-E-R-R-I-B-L-E service. Good food with a LONG wait. Long Story: Family from out of town was visiting and wanted Filipino food. The BF and I heard good things about this place and the Yelp reviews backed it. But we should have left after setting foot inside. We came on a Saturday morning. They had they're buffet-style(?) brunch, but we arrived on the last leg of it. We wanted to order from the menu anyway. We stood standing in the entrance for a good 2 minutes before the older man greeted us and said, "you can sit where you like." Mistake #1: NEVER assume your patrons are regulars (We were all first-timers). After we sat, it took us another 3 minutes just to get MENUS. Really? Not only did we have to wait for menus, but there weren't enough menus. Mistake #2: For as big a place as this.. and we could only get 4 menus for a party of 8? Ok. I can share my menu. No big deal... I guess. After looking over the menu (which isn't extensive at all), our waitress didn't return for ANOTHER 3-5 minutes to take our orders. Not only this, but she kept pushing us to eat from the brunch-special (already cooked food). She also kept emphasizing how much cheaper it was. Mistake #3: You come off as lazy when you push us to eat cheaper. If we wanted to eat already made food, we would have gone to McDonalds across the street. I've read from another review that portions are meant to be shared. For example: 1 Order of Lechon Kawali is $12. This serves 2 people + 1 scoop of rice. Mistake #4: Pricey for the amount of food you get. Our food took FOREVER to get (including the rice, which should already be made & should have been served first). We originally ordered: 1 Order of Lechon Kawali 1 Order Fried Chicken Wings 1 Order of Calamari 1 Order of Lumpia 3 Halo Halos Mistake #5: We never received our calamari. The youngest member of our group is a picky eater and this was ordered specifically for him. He ended up only eating 3 chicken wings. Lucky for us however, he doesn't eat a lot so he didn't complain. Mistake #6: We received 1 Halo Halos before any of the food came in. The next one came something like 20 minutes later, and the 3rd 2 minutes later. They should have arrived AT ONCE. Mistake #7: We were mis-led by the portions. We ended up putting in ANOTHER order of: Lechon Kawali, Chicken Wings & pancit. We waiting a good 15 minutes for the lechon kawali & wings. We never got our pancit so we cancelled our order. I felt like our waitress didn't want to put the effort to make our dining experience pleasant. It was like she hid in the kitchen/back of house to avoid being asked to do something. Also, the older man that told us we could sit anywhere... yeah, he disappeared! We ended up staying at the restaurant for over an HOUR. We had places to be! But we wasted our time WAITING on the food (not even eating!). But it wasn't all bad... The food was good & the halo halos were delicious. I'm sure this place is crackin' at night or on special events... but on a WEEKEND... c'mon. Step your game up or have at least 2 waiters/waitresses during brunch. * Food Quality: Good (the ONLY reason why I gave this place 2 stars) * Service: POOR beyond reason * Would I return?: NO
We came to see my Uncle's band play tonight at Maharlika Hall and Sports Grill. This place is mixture of a sports bar and live entertainment. The band played while I watched football ;) We ordered the lumpianitas, chicken wings and calamari for appetizers. For the main, we ordered the pork sisig, beef steak, sweet & sour chicken, and stir fried veggies. Halo halo for dessert. We ordered one martini for $10. Wow!  Next time, I'll stick with the soda. Other than that, the food was great and the service was also great. If you want to try authentic Filipino food, go to Maharlika Hall and Sports Grill.  Highly recommended.
Good spot for good eats! Their Pork Sisig, lechon kawale, LUMPIA and Halo-Halo never dissapoints!  Servings are pretty big--meant for sharing, which is the traditional Filipino style....  if only maybe they could scale down the serving portions and offer it at a lower price?  All the same-- you'll leave this place with a happy tummy! =) Definitely a must try if you live in Jax or  when you are in the area!  Another suggestion too is the Mussels in Coconut Milk!  Its perfect over white steamed rice!!! Enjoy!
I visited here to see "Mama Blue" perform.upon entering I was digging the overall feel of the place from the table decor to the paintings on the wall.they even had a nice size dance floor In my opinion this was going to be a wonderful night. .........but It wasn't The actual show was  spectacular, the food was very tasty and a great portion too. Sooooo what's your complaint you may be wondering?? The Service ruined it although the food was tasty it took forever and a day to get it, and if you needed anything in addition you had to FLAG the waitress down to get it, if not you would just be sitting there in hopes that she may return. She did however make sure we we're stocked full of napkins :-)   oh and if you want more than one alcoholic beverage make sure you order more than one at a time or you'll be holding your breath on that one too, and it seemed that only one person was capable of handling money. I don't know  maybe they weren't quite ready for an event. Everyone was nice but it was just very unorganized. However being that this was my only visit there and the food was tasty I'm willing to give them another try I'll keep you posted on the next go round
I went with a few others to listen to a band and try the food.  it seemed to have great potential as a music venue and I heard the food was excellent so I was excited.  Things began to fall apart quickly when we met our server.  She didn't seem to have any knowledge of the menu or drinks.  a couple people we knew were there and had a different server, but the exact same problems.  ordering drinks was nearly impossible.  I tried to go around our server and order direct at the bar.  that didn't work either.  He cant use the cash register so he has to give the money to someone else.  I gave him a 20, but they couldnt break it.  I waited as they went to the back for about 10 minutes to make change.  Too many service problems...  The absolute worst.  But the food was good, but not worth the hassle.
Seriously missed home and stopped by this joint, and it brought me to tears when I took my first bite of that GOUT Goodness LechonKawali. I'm definitively coming over again to try the other treats on the menu.
Waited for three hours for sub par food that is overpriced. 10/10 would not go again.
Fantastic, traditional Filipino food. Great place to watch the fights too!  War Pacquiao!!!
Largest Filipino Restaurant in Jacksonville Florida!  I've been a fan for a long time.  They have had a small eating area in their grocery for a long time, and now they are going to have a full restaurant.  The halo-halo, turon, bbq sticks, and lumpia shanghai are some of my favorites.  Watermelon sinigang and their Adobo is also very tasty.  Steamed rice with adobo and beef tips is my kind of comfort food.  Their home made chicharon is also tasty...Food is good, which means - not so good for those on a diet! :) Short disclaimer...I have done some work for them...but this is my unbiased opinion.  Where else do they serve watermelon sinigang?  They can cook!...juss sayin'.. :)
Let's start w the bad and finish on a positive note. The service was a bit disappointing. We were there at 3 which is their happy hr per their sign. However our waitress had to go study it when I asked about it it also took quite awhile to even get our waters. It wasn't until towards the end of the meal where she warmed up and was pleasant. When someone says they've never been to your establishment you'd think there would be some hitch in their giddy up and enthusiasm with suggestions. The menu is a picture menu which is...different. Now you may think y four stars then? Well everything we ate was delicious. We started w two apps. One was calamari and it was great. Crispy batter and not rubbery. The other app was like fried spring rolls but Filipino style. We got beef. Good portions and dear lord they were so stinking good. (Pic included). My meal was the pork dish that is talked about on many reviews. Ty fellow yelpers. Pork, jalapeños, onions, rice, peppers, over easy egg etc (pic included) the flavors were incredible. Savory and filling. Finished off w halo halo. Oh my. It's like shaved ice on crack. Some things included are coconut milk, bananas, sweet potato, etc (pic included) quite refreshing and delicious. We will b back and I hope next time our server is as friendly at the beginning as she was at the end.
Upon arriving, I was worried because we were the only ones in the restaurant.  But my worries were quickly laid to rest when our appetizer came out.  The pork lumpia was fantastic.  Everything was perfect.  We have been to many Filipino restaurants in Jacksonville, but this one gets my vote as top of the line.  The grilled chicken skewers took me right back in the Philippines.
Great event venue but the waitstaff and bartenders are inexperienced and need some work on their customer service skills. There's also a long wait for anything you might order and checking out takes just as long so if you go..  Make sure you have time to spare. The food is good but nothing really stands out as amazing. The venue is great but as a restaurant they are just average.
Today my wife & I drove up from St Augustine to check out the food.  I've been eating Filipino food for the past 35 years, mostly in the San Diego/LA areas and we were GLAD we did.  We ordered the lumpianitas, Kare kare and also the Lechon Kawali. The three dishes came with a full plate of white rice and all were full of mouth-watering flavor and the portions were very generous.  We saved a bit of room for a Halo halo desert and had a great time.  Christy our server, was great and she stayed one step ahead of our needs.  If you love authentic Filipino food or just want to try authentic Filipino food then Maharlika's is the place to go.  We will return.
never will come back eat and shop here again. always do come here to eat but since they overcharged us on the papaet that we always eat regularly. we are shocked and complain and the managemt didnt so anything about it and said that the previous charges are a mistake. so never again will go there. and look for all their can goods most of them are expired specially on sardines don't think they check on expirations date.
