Don't bother reading into the atmosphere of the joint, or how friendly the staff is. Non of that matters since they have some of the best casual food in Jacksonville. The menu is small, creative, and simple. I believe there are 6-9 items depending on the specials. If you want something different, come early and order the day's special as they are limited. Almost everything can be substituted to fit the needs of the customer. Because of the location, weird things happen here as business power lunches and hipsters collide during service hours. At night you might see a different crowd forming (usually younger and hipper). I would not recommend bringing a small child here after 9:00PM, as they play stuff you wouldn't want toddlers listening to. Anywhere from metal, classic rock to that raw OG hiphop (80s and 90s mostly). Never met the owner, but seems like this is a brainchild of a 30-something year old male who wanted to live his teenage dreams. Well, congratulations this place is awesome. Got to keep it honest though, it is pretty filthy in here (it is a dive). I wouldn't come here for a first date unless both parties know and appreciate good food.
Atmosphere: laid back, friendly, no frills, cramped indoor seating, happy patio space, chill Food: delicious perfectly fried, Panko sandwich, crispy, tasteful, seasoned well, and on a crispy French baguette. Tasted the chomp burger, meat a little smaller than the bun, with crisp lettuce, and yummy cheddar. Sandwiches come with either Slaw or homemade chips. The chips were what we tasted, and they were  curry seasoned and delicious and unique.Different compared to any other place we tried in Jacksonville. They had Mexican soda flavored fruit drinks. We tasted a grapefruit and the punch. And healthier option of Cane sugar
Hot, even though my beard is only 10% the standard length in here. I grabbed a banh mi while doing jury duty. It's worth the walk (past all those sketchy delis) and I appreciate the handcrafted food and real people you can see making your food. Can get crazy toward noon hour, so go early (or late) - otherwise prepare to sweat n' stand.
Delicious.  Food is inexpensive, but the taste is incredible.  The panko chicken sandwich is the real deal.  The menu is not extensive (no more than a dozen items), but when they are this tasty, it doesn't matter.  This is my new favorite lunch stop downtown.  A couple of notes - the place is way small.  Plan on sitting outside if you're going to go.  The bathroom is small as well, and it is unisex.  Kids (under 10) enjoyed it as well.  Awesome.  We'll be back.
The chips will turn your fingers a lick worthy shade of yellow. Each dish is about 7 bucks and change, they have cold jarritos available. Stickers all over the place, funky music and staff. Have I even mentioned the yum factor? It's over 1000%. What are you waiting on? Get your butt downtown, find this little gem, and give em a try.
Awesome casual choice before a concert! Would have never found it without Yelp. Great menu choices and very filling. We would go back!
After reading all the reviews on Yelp I decided I had to try this place out.  I was skeptical about how this sandwich and chips would be as I'm generally not big on sandwiches or chips... but wow... I was impressed.  The Panko Chicken Sandwich with marinated tomatoes and blue cheese was one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten.  The fresh made chips were just amazing, even an hour later when I went back to finish them.  I totally recommend this place even though it just looks like a hole in the wall.  They know what they are doing when it comes to the food!
I have been to Chomp Chomp more times than I can count. Seriously I lost count at 100. I once ate Chomp three meals in a row. It was the greatest 24 hours of my life. Seriously, if you haven't tried this place yet you are missing out on Jacksonville's greatest restaurant. They've got it all - Delicious and inventive food, amazing customer service that goes above and beyond most restaurants, and a unique atmosphere that you won't be able to find anywhere else in Jax. I dare you to try.
Chomp chomp is great. Get the chips. Definitely some interesting flavors made by a unique team in the back with a lot of creativity.
Tried this pace after seeing all this review...  Amazing jerk chicken sandwich....  Too good
I like curry I like chips but not sure how I feel about curry chips.  Lol sandwich was good had Panky chicken in Korean bbq sauce. I would Def come back again
I stayed at work extra late so I could take the bridge over the river for a short trip to this highly rated establishment. Maybe it was an off night. Maybe I didn't drink enough. The popular panko chicken sandwich I ordered was just OK. I was hungry/starving and devored it in seconds. I thought the pickled toppings were a nice touch. But I just didn't get that 4 or 5* feeling. Maybe there wasn't enough magic on my sandwich? This is a hole in the wall and it might be that I need to go with the right crowd on the right night with the moon and stars in the right position. Or maybe I need to try something else? Hmm, let's give that a shot . . .
I love Chomp Chomp! I cannot emphasize that enough. Those guys are top-notch, for sure. I've been going to Chomp Chomp for years, and I have never had anything that I didn't like. They are very flexible about substituting tofu for meat in their menu items, which is totally rad. My absolute favorite menu items are the Chinois Tacos with tofu and the Banh Mi with tofu. They fry the tofu so that it has a nice texture in both of these items. The Banh Mi obviously has a Vietnamese flavor profile, while the Chinois Tacos are solid Asian Fusion style, with the incorporation of kimchi and sriracha along with the freshness that is common in Vietnamese cuisine, all in a flour tortilla. All in all, they are both great. I always get the housemade curry chips as my side because they are so addictive. Yummy yummy! I have had their side salad and it was good too. The ambiance of the place leaves a lot to be desired, but you can sit outside if the weather is nice. It is totally worth it to overlook the appearance of the place and just eat their food. The guys that work there all have beards and tattoos, and the music is always up and loud in there. But they are really cool and they do a great job of providing a unique, tasty product at a reasonable price in a reasonable amount of time. You will probably have to pay for parking. It's worth it.
Defiantly will go back ! Small little place. Nothing fancy but have it's own unique twist. Staff are friendly.  Enough selections on the chalk board . very unique. They substitute any with tofu. We ordered a perfectly cooked america burger with bacon and onions. When I say.... Perfect its PERFECT ! and pull pork Korean style. It has kimchee in the sandwich. With salad. Which was super fresh spring mix salad type . both buns were fluffy and soft. :)) The price is right ! Looks like they open late night.
So damn good I can't stand it. Also if you want an adult beverage you can walk 6' next door and partake. Can't go wrong with any food options. Wish they had more locations!
Chomp Chomp is my favorite late night & cheap eats place downtown. Their food is amazing! I love the fact that it's hole-in-the-wall look deters a lot of people, making them one of the best kept secrets of downtown Jax. My favorite thing to order is the One Up which is their portobello sandwich. So delicious! I mean fried banana peppers, Sriracha aioli, and jack cheese?! It's the best one around. They're also famous for their curry flavored chips, which were featured at One Spark. Everything is made fresh, and everything is great. You can't go wrong!
I'm a little in love with this place. It's a litle dark and small, but they've got outdoor seating and great staff. Not to mention the food! Ugh, I think I could have something from here everyday. The panko chicken is hands down my favorite but I have yet to have something from here that I don't like.
An establishment with FOUR and a HALF stars should indicate great food and friendly service, right? I don't like to  write negative reviews because it generates so much negative energy and bad karma, however, with this specific incident, it is the RIGHT thing to do. My Yelper friends and I stopped in last night because of Chomp Chomp's stellar review.  My friend was super excited about the visit.   I wanted to sit inside because it was a little chilly out for me. There was one empty table which seats four, so I immediately sat down but got back up as soon as the blasting air from the fan/AC hit me.  At this point, my friends were scanning their menu so I decided to stand back up and wait for this table of six to leave. I waited patiently for the lady customer to pack up her belonging and leave. As soon as she got up, I sat down -- mind you, we were the only three inside the restaurant waiting for seats and nobody was behind us.  While sitting down I heard the wait staff/crew told a crowd they can sit inside and that there are enough eats for them.  Finally, this is where the fun begins: the waitstaff/crew came back out from the kitchen with three baskets of food in his hands and immediately told me, "uuhh, a group of three cannot sit there," he pointed with his FOOT telling us we can sit at the table I initially got up from in this very condescending  tone.  After what he said, I didn't care for that bahn mi sandwich I wanted so bad, and we left. I don't know how the situation escalated from here -- but this is the most important reason as to why I will NEVER stop in this place again. My Yelper friend stopped introduced himself and shook the staff's hand and told him he didn't appreciate his service. I kept walking at this point and waited with the other Yelper.  The words I picked up from where I was standing were, "sir, don't come back - we don't want your business and tell your friends (myself, and the other Yelper) not to come back either. WOW! Then the waitstaff very loudly said to the other patrons, "PLEASE BOO THIS PERSON BECAUSE HE HAS BEEN BANNED FROM THIS PLACE" and the patrons boo'd him loudly.   I shook my head and headed over to Dos Gatos.  During my walk it finally dawned on me that we may have been discriminated against. No, I've never pulled a racist card on anyone EVER.  According to my observation - - there was no one of color sitting inside/outside the restaurant, was he rude to us because we're minorities?  I am Asian, yelper friend is also Asian, and other yelper friend is Black.  I hope I am over thinking but it is unlikely that I am wrong. LASTLY. Rude sir aka (alleged owner of Chomp Chomp) you must not understand you provide a service to the public. As a consumer, I feel obligated to advise other consumers of the attitude of your restaurant staff.  What you could have done to prevent this negative review was simply state, "excuse me miss, do you mind moving over to the smaller table because we have a party of six waiting?"  Or, the best solution would have been YOU, move the other two empty tables from where I was sitting and connect them to the other empty table for your larger party so that ALL seating arrangements would have been satisfied.
I'm going on record, it's official: I love Chomp Chomp. I first came across their existence in an article in BUZZ magazine and thought they sounded fantastic and, with everything costing $7 or thereabouts, you really can't go wrong. Located near to the Burrito Gallery and the Burro Bar, the slightly hole-in-the-wall exterior belies the excellent food inside. We went quite late on a Saturday when the Burro Bar was in full swing, and not even the bad heavy metal blasting out could dampen my enthusiasm.   Chomp Chomp offer some great choices like Jerk Chicken, Waldorf Salad, 'The One Up' with portabella, Chicken Satay skewers w/ peanut sauce, Panko Crusted Chicken, Loaded Potato Skins and more, most with the option to substitute meat for tofu, as well as their amazing Curry flavoured Chomp Chips as a side. The Hublet ordered the Chomp Burger with side salad and I opted for the Panko Crusted Chicken and chips, and we grabbed a couple of their imported cane sugar South American sodas.  Although there is limited seating inside, there are tables and chairs outside which we went and parked ourselves on. Of course I puppy-eyed a monster bite of Chomp Burger out of The Hublet, so can honestly tell you that everything we ordered from Chomp Chomp was fantastic: wonderfully flavoured, cooked to perfection and even the curried potato chips were really good.   Chomp Chomp recently started offering lunch time delivery, which I have to say I'm not a huge fan of.  They seem to struggle with handling the lunch rush and as a result things can get a bit sloppy. I convinced a group of my colleagues to order Chomp Chomp for lunch: we called our orders in and they sounded incredibly busy when we phoned.  The food took a long time to be delivered (compared to some of the other more seasoned lunch places that offer delivery), but credit to Chomp Chomp as everything arrived hot, fresh and the orders were all correct.  However, we discovered that some of the Chicken Satay skewers were undercooked. We called to alert them to the undercooked chicken and they were polite, professional and very responsive, promising the person with the pink chicken a generous discount off of their next order. I think Chomp Chomp is a fantastic place to grab food from: their prices are excellent, their food is exciting and their staff are wonderful.  They are a great example of a local restaurant to support as they can only get bigger and better with time.  However, I would recommend that you visit them to order your food and give them a little more time to come to grips with the demands of lunch deliveries.
It has been a while since I have reviewed an eatery, well Chomp Chomp deserves a little praise.  Had lunch there yesterday and my o my!  It was truly a delight.  I read some reviews about the place and it was that and even more.   First of all the guys there are real fun  and interesting.  I ordered the Chinois Tacos with salad, but had to try the potato chips with curry.  Yes Delicious!  The special that day was spicy gazpacho, it was incredibly refreshing with just the right kick.   Thanks for the feeding frenzy!  Cant wait to return.
Chomp Chomp has an amazing burger. They really do. It's a teeny place, but it's THE place. grab a burger, sit outside, enjoy the homemade curry chips that come with whatever you get, and enjoy yourself. I've eaten here twice and loved it every time.
I had the Korean barbecue sandwich and salad to go. It was pretty good.  I would probably get another sandwich from them.
First visit: Panko chicken. Very delicious 2nd visit, Chinoa tacos were so damn juicy and the slaw was a perfect addition.  They definitely beat Corner Taco in flavor Chips were fantastic as always Best part: tofu substitution on many dishes! and yes, I Love tofu and would rather eat that then just a plate of veggies and someone calling it vegetarian!
I was downtown looking for somewhere to grab a quick bite to eat before a concert and ran across this cool little place . I had their pork tacos which were great ! I'm not in this area often but I'll def be stop back by when I am .
Super tiny, excellent food, everything's $7. Open till 2am Friday & Saturday! So I was downtown to take care of some legal things at the courthouse and wanted to try something different. With the assistance of my YELP app I was directed to Chomp Chomp. This little teeny, tiny, hole in the wall of a place that you just knew had to have amazing food otherwise they would never get away with the decor. And amazing food they did have! I had the pulled pork tacos with a side salad. I'm pretty sure there was a half-pound of meat in each taco, it literally took me 3 days to finish them! The salad had marinated tomatoes, onion and cucumber on top of field greens and a side of a ginger dressing that was so amazing I put it on my tacos too! (or it may have been for the tacos and I put it on my salad, I'm not really sure) regardless, it was amazing. I was lucky to have gotten there early at 11:30 so I was able to grab a parking spot and a seat at a table to wait for my order before the rush came in just as I was leaving at noon. The decor and staff were very eclectic and grunge/rock/alternative they fit together perfectly and make some kick butt food! I will definitely take the opportunity to visit again next time I'm in the area!
I love Chomp Chomp. The menu is mostly handheld, the chef is a madman, and the employees all look like grungy stoners. My type of place! The menu is drawn up on a chalkboard, and changes regularly. There are some standbys though. Some of my favorites are the Bahn Mi, the Panko Chicken sandwich, Westsider , and the Chinois tacos. They also run specials pretty regularly. The Bahn mi is probably my go-to. The pickled vegetables are really crisp, and the tangy flavor of the vinegar and fresh cilantro cut right through the fattiness of the pork. The chinois tacos have a similar taste, but the pork is shredded and served on flour tortillas. Being an Atlanta native, I'm a big fan of most fried chicken. I really like the fried chicken sandwiches here. They have two options for sides. Waffle cut curried chips, or a field green salad. I usually get the salad, but the chips are good too. They are dusted in a yellow curry powder. They don't skimp on the tumeric, so heads up: your fingers will probably be yellow after eating them. They don't serve beer, but I usually just grab one from Burro next door and sit outside.
A friend and I finally got ourselves to Chomp Chomp for dinner tonight and the food was well worth the wait! As other people said, the place is very easy to miss (and there is some conflicting address info online so be aware of that) but we were lucky to get there when there was only one group of people eating (during our meal, the place got packed). I ordered the chinois tacos with salad as a side and my friend got the panko crusted chicken sandwich with homemade chips. The tacos had pulled pork, kimchi, and carrots and were awesome. The meat was juicy but the carrots on top were crunchy. I also liked that the tortillas had been thrown on the grill. The helpful guy at the front let us know almost everything is made in house, the only exception being the bread which comes from French Pantry (enough said!). The salad was also fantastic (they make the dressing in house, of course). I mentioned multiple times that I could have had just the salad for dinner and been happy. Seating is sparse but they do have outside seats and offer to sit you next door at Burro Bar. As mentioned, my friend (you can see her review under Daisy S) had the panko crusted chicken and homemade chips, both of which I tried. Also really flavorful and fresh. The service was great, as was the food. We're already planning out next visit!
I can't rate the food, only speak to the accuracy of previous comments that this place is "vegetarian-friendly".  News flash: not every vegetarian likes tofu. In fact, many of us find it disgusting, and at any rate, there's lots of other things we eat.  Chomp Chomp's "veggie-friendliness" consists of being able to substitute tofu for meat on most of their sandwiches.  Sorry, no. Two points in its favor: The guy working seemed very friendly.  I like friendly people. And it was one of few places downtown open in between lunch and dinner (~3pm on a Thursday - seems most places around here close around 2 and don't open again until 5ish.  Which is not great for conference-goers arriving in town tired and hungry).
Great hand-crafted, fresh food. Had the Thai satay. Wonderful! Perfectly cooked and juicy with just the right amount of sauce. Ambience is run down casual, but the friendliness and can do attitude of the owners make up for the sidewalk ambience.
Omg! This spot is small. They only have about 5-7 items to choose from.  I ordered the westsider sandwich. It was very, very good. It was like a buffalo chicken wing exploding in your mouth every time you take a bite. It was a chicken breast tossed in buffalo sauce with a blue cheese celery and carrot mixture on top. You could get a salad or chips, I got a salad. I was expecting iceberg mix. No! It was a spring mix with tomato, cucumber, and fresh onions. The dressing was tossed in. The salad was good but it could use a little less dressing. Overall I was very impressed by this tiny hidden gem! I'd come back in a heart beat!
We were visiting from out of town and this place is ranked high for a good reason. Pay attention to the hours, it is open late, but it isn't always open. I shared two sandwiches with a friend and they were all good solid sandwiches. BBQ , southern, and the buffalo chicken. The special burger that my friend had was excellent, by his admission. House fries were good. For some reason it was REAL smokey on the inside of the restaurant. There isn't much seating inside, but a really nice seating area outside.
This was my first time here an won't be my last.  Mark was very friendly, helpful and passionate about what he does. He navigated us through the menu with such enthusiasm.  We ordered the Panko chicken and happy noodle special with steak on it. The noodle dish was my favorite. So many delicious flavored and vegetables.  Panko chicken had a delicious balsamic vinegar and marinated tomato on it. Homemade chips were good.  We purchased a beer next door and it was a perfect evening. Very low key.
Their Westsider(Buffalo Chicken, Celery, Slaw and Blue cheese!!) is the best chicken sandwich I ever had !. And the curry chips are fantastic. Not enough seating. Hard to get seats for 4 during lunch.
Words can hardly begin to describe the delight of a Chomp Chomp experience. From the beginning, this place has maintained two goals: a 5 star scratch kitchen menu without the need for reservations and bowties (unless bowties are part of your unique self expression, in which case they are encouraged) and the cozy, and sometimes crazy, vibe of dining with your closest friends and family. Chef Ian is a master of flavors and eclectic cuisine that excites your tastebuds and tantalizes your inner foodie desires. I.C. and Mark always greet you with a high energy, welcome with open arms, embrace as they invite you into their growing Chomp family. Do yourself a favor and stop into the diamond in the rough eatery known as Chomp Chomp at Adams and Ocean in the urban core of Jacksonville. This place will forever be a lasting part of my life, for the food and lifetime friends. No matter what items are scribbled on their chalkboard menu, you are sure to leave satisfied. Chomp Chomp family member for life, Dozer
Had the jerk chicken sandwich and chips, both of which were amazing. The jerk chicken was seasoned well and not overwhelmingly spicy. The chips were covered in what I think is curry based on the color and flavor, but they are crispy and delightful. I'd say best chicken sandwich I've ever had. Wow!! I'll be back for sure. Beware it is very small!
It's like a heavy metal tattoo parlour that serves really great food! I had a chance to stop in after a concert at the Florida Theater. I was a little suprised how small and "urban" it is, but the staff are warm and friendly, and the food is great. Don't miss the bathroom while you are there, quite an interesting 4 square foot space.
One of my most favorite places to eat in Jax.  Quality food and flavor in such a small, SMALL space.  I love the local feel. All the regular menu items (meat or vegetarian) are amazing but I always challenge myself to try the special. Some of my special favorites are the steak with brie smashed potatoes and beef sausage with creamed leek and celery. Portions are definitely filling and taste is definitely worth the price. Chomp Chomp is nothing less than AMAZING.
As big as a minute but as flavorful as a year We had a great meal last night for diner This place is small in only space but the food is huge and flavorful Go when the weather is good so you can sit outside and get a feeling of urban big city feel
Open late? Awesome! We ventured into Chomp Chomp after going to Dos Gatos. I was starving and everyone else was pretty drunk. The space is small. And by small, I mean extremely tiny. Don't get your feelings hurt if you can't eat inside. (It actually got pretty smoky inside and started to hurt my eyes, so I would have been better off outside.) I ordered the Korean beef & kimchi with a poached egg. So random, but so good! Everyone was so happy with their food choices. They even had some vegetarian options, which was nice because we had vegetarians with us. I ordered to-go for my husband, which didn't stay good on the drive home. Luckily, it wasn't expensive... Next time I'm downtown, I'll stop in again. Cheap delicious food? Happy faces? I'm sold.
Discovered this place by accident. Had the Panko Crusted Chicken Breast sandwich with gorganzala and marinated tomatoes. And also the Jerk Chicken sandwich with carrot cucumber salad. Panko chicken was a bit dry and not as savory, but the Jerk chicken made up for it. Must try the homemade chips, unique seasonings. Casual and hip vibe, indoor and out door seating available, and friendly service. Reminds me of food truck food, but better. Will definitely return and give the rest on the menu a try.
I'm relatively new to the Jacksonville area and live close to the beaches. I had a friend flying in though and thought why not see if there's something in between where we could stop for lunch. Based on other reviews Chomp Chomp seemed like a good idea and we were not disappointed! The location is very, and I mean very, small but there is also seating outside the weather permitting. My friend and I both ordered the Panko chicken with the homemade chips and couldn't get enough. Everything is so fresh you wonder if it they have a garden and bakery somewhere out back. The tastes are unique and amazing with a friendly atmosphere and a good portion of food for your money theres no going wrong! They even had vegan options for those opposed to meat. A must try for anyone in the area.
I really love the food here. Even with my dietary restrictions, I will definitely break the rules for this place. The Westsider is by far my favorite. Grab some grub before going on the town and your set here. Food doesn't sit to heavy in the tummy and it's enjoyable for every bite. This is my wish, chomp chomp every where I go. Sad to leave Jax soon and leave this little gem behind.
Finally got a chance to try this place after reading all the reviews and driving past it several times.  As soon as you walk in you are acknowledged by the owner himself.  Impressive.  The employees are friendly and service is fast.  I ordered the Chinois pork tacos with a side of their curry chips.  A unique Asian inspired taco with kimchi and sliced pork.  They do not skimp on the fillings and I was satisfied with the two tacos and chips.   This is the definition of a HOLE but I think it is worth a visit due to the unique menu and great service.  Jacksonville could actually use a couple more places like this.  Who cares if the place is ugly and really small.  This isn't a place to take a date, it's a place to get some unique food in a place with it's own unique personality.  I'll be back to sample the other menu items soon.
INCREDIBLY rude service by all service, you would think your reputation would be at Hand especially during One Spark, blatantly mentioned if you're a member of Yelp he does not want any of our business, I've never seen such unprofessionalism in my life! I wouldn't recommend ANYONE eat here, yelp and non yelp members alike, I actually brought 2 additional Yelpers with me after my initial visit during ArtWalk where I received very acceptional service even through the hectic order distribution and all! Very disappointed in this establishment. 0/5 stars
Where do I begin ? Chomp Chomp's food is absolutely delicious. Fresh, flavorful, reasonably priced... I have absolutely NO complaints about that. I also never had any complaints about anything... Until now. I can't believe I have to do this, and really am upset about the entire ordeal. Livid would describe my initial sentiment, but then the upset comes because this is the kind of service I'd expect at McDonald's or Applebee's, not a local Jax-friendly establishment. Today, a co-worker of mine ordered for us. We both asked for the Westsider "salad style" (which is an entree sized salad with the sandwich ingredients on top, minus the bread). To start with, upon ordering by phone, the man taking the order (who I've since learned is Ian Chase, the owner also of The Fox in Avondale and a supposed successful musician), made a sarcastic comment about the order being complicated. Here is the order, just as she ordered it: A salad style Westsider, with no celery slaw & a salad style Westsider with the chicken separate (aka "on the side"). If this is complicated, maybe you need to stick to music and not be in the food business. Moving on, after my co-worker picked up the order, she brought it back. I can't fault her because all she did was order the food and pick it up, so I get these long styrofoam boxes with chicken in one and a side salad in the other. I should have had a full salad in the regular big box. The other times we've ordered this, we've never had a problem. Why this time do I have this little tiny salad ? I called Chomp Chomp, and the man answered. I started talking about  my order being incorrect, and he was accusing me of having complicated orders and saying "the girl who came checked it and we took it out of the bag and everything." First of all, don't fault her. I'm telling you now that the order is not how I wanted it. Shifting blame is the name of their game ! I got irritated and he became really condescending telling me to stop berating him and being grown up about the situation. When I told him not to be condescending, that's when he said the thing that solidified my decision to never set foot in their establishment again: "Well, you got the attitude with me first !" Um, excuse me ? I have worked in customer service my entire working career, and I would NEVER tell a customer that their attitude justifies my attitude back. Even if I thought it, I would never SAY it. That is NOT how you diffuse a situation with an upset customer. He ended up agreeing to re-make the salad for me and delivering it to my job. Upon arrival, he'd remade the entire meal (not my intention to get free food, I might add - As a former manager of a restaurant, that's just against my nature) and he recognized me. Yes, I was a pretty regular customer. I wasn't there every day, but maybe 3-4 times a month. He said he was, get this... disappointed in me and thought I owed HIM an apology ! Are you kidding me ? The look of disbelief on my face was all you needed. That and the look of disbelief on the security guard's face at my office building. He accused me of always having complicated orders ("please cut my sandwich in half" and "please go easy on the slaw" are not complicated requests, and are usually the only extra requests I make... I know how to appreciate food as an expression of the chef and only make adjustments to fit special diet requirements or, in the slaw instance, I don't really care for bleu cheese, but appreciate the flavor combination.) When I told him I'd have to get back to him with that apology (Ha ! Don't hold your breath, Ian !), he said I shouldn't have to think about it and that he was really embarrassed for me for not apologizing. I WILL NEVER GO TO CHOMP CHOMP AGAIN. I cannot believe this is the OWNER of the business, either... I'd probably expect it from a disgruntled cook or cashier, but not the OWNER. And to top it all off ? They still didn't get my re-made order right !
The service is poor, felt more like I was interrupting them instead of giving them money...  most likely won't be back. Was kind of in awe due to the lack of hats or hair nets in the back kitchen because every one has beards, dreads, or just long hair. . .(going to school to do health inspections). The food was good, the chomp chips were fantastic. . But the service was just rude. . I mean your in the hospitality business so learn to smile and answer some questions.
Chomp Chomp is the epitome of a dive with a taste of gourmet. Their menu is widely diverse, but an absolute ease on your pocket at just $7 a meal, or about $10 if you get a drink. If you were to judge this hole-in-the-wall by it's cover, most would probably walk right on by and not thick twice about it. Don't do that, it would be a horrible mistake. I ended up here on a Tuesday for lunch during one of my internship days. I've been trying to go to lunch at all the places Downtown that I always mean to go, but seemingly never get to, and Chomp Chomp is one of these. It's pretty common to see all the downtown eateries bustling during lunch hours and Chomp Chomp is no exception. We had 4 of us in our party on this day and we were all hoping to eat there, rather than take our food to go back to the office. Upon our arrival, there were no seats available, but after placing our orders (specifying them as "to-go") and waiting for a few minutes, a table inside opened up. We took our to-go boxes and sat down. I really love the feel of this restaurant. The staff is very outspoken and friendly, and they always have some kind of music bumping to keep their motivation going. This particular day, it took the turn of 80s rock, but I've heard of them playing some old Texas Country or other awesome genres too. It just adds to the uniqueness of Chomp Chomp. I ordered the Pork Chinois Tacos with salad. I had heard about the curry fries and wanted to try them, however, the weather was extremely hot on this day so sticking to something on the lighter side was a better bet. It also gives me something to look forward to when I make my next visit! Anyways, the homemade vinaigrette that went with my side salad was so tasty, and the tacos were like none I'd ever had before. I really have no words for just how good my meal was, so all I can tell you is to go and try it yourself. On top of all of the above goodness, they are open late on the weekends. So if you have a late night hankering, forget about heading to Denny's or Waffle House or any of those other late night joints and just go to Chomp Chomp. You'll thank yourself for it.
The other day when I was downtown I was in the mood to try something new for lunch.  I figured I would go into the first spot that caught my eye and the artwork behind Chomp Chomp did it for me! The restaurant seriously looks like a hole in the wall and there is hardly enough room to move around in but I kinda liked that about them.  While I waited for my order, I sat at the counter and the rock band bar stools were pretty cool. I love Pineapple flavored pop and they had just that amongst other Jarritos Mexican sodas to choose from.  From what I've been told, the menu at Chomp Chomp changes frequently but I was in the mood to try something I normally wouldn't so I went for the Panko Crusted Chicken Sandwich. Now I know you're thinking what's so different about a Panko Crusted Chicken Sandwich and my answer is nothing really... however, the sandwich comes slathered in Blue Cheese.  I normally don't care for the stuff and there was LOTS of it on my sandwich.   I tried it and although the cheese had a sharp and tangy bite to it, the sandwich was really good.  It also came with homemade chips that had some type of All-Spice flavoring going on.  They tasted interesting but I'll probably go for a salad next time instead of chips.  All in all, I liked Chomp Chomp and for a hole in the middle of UrbanCore Jacksonville. they've got my vote for good food. For pics and full review highheelsgoodmeals.blogs…
Not gonna lie... Chomp Chomp doesn't exactly look appealing on the outside. Nestled in a tiny strip along Adams Street, this hole-in-the-wall is a diamond in the rough. I'd heard about it from friends and co-workers, but despite working Downtown for  a year (I can't believe it's been a year already!), I hadn't made it down there yet. Here's a couple things you need to know: 1) This place is TINY. It sits about 8-10 inside people very, very tightly. There are a few tables outside, but considering it's Florida and it's still hotter than hell, I suggest grabbing your food to go. 2) The menu changes frequently (which is why you can't find it online). I ordered the Panko-Crusted Chicken Sandwich. Holy. Crap. The chicken was moist and delicious, The combination of bleu cheese and balsamic was divine. So. In. Love.
Ohhh my food was delicious! I tried the panko chicken - it was recommended and man did I love it! They use bread from the French pantry so you know it has to be legit.  Everything I had packed a lot of flavor. The house chips were really good, but my friend got the side salad and I think I'll get that next time. The place is small but they let you take food to burro bar or bring beer from burro in. It was a little chilly in there but on a normal Florida sunny day I don't see that being an issue since it was unusually cold outside. I'll definitely go again!
All the Yelpers are correct.  This  funky, Hipster sandwich place is doing everything right. Two of us from out of town walked from the Hyatt for lunch. As just about everyone has Yelped, the guy taking the orders at the counter was friendly, helpful and efficient. My marinated Portobello sandwich was meaty and spicy and delish. The sandwich bun tasted freshly baked. The Romaine lettuce salad also was first rate with a great home made dressing. All that for seven bucks.
Hole in the wall place with amazing food.  Barely any room to stand, much less sit and eat unless you get there early, but man is it worth it.  I got the Chinois pork tacos with a side of their curry chips and I'll put it this way:  I put hot sauce on every taco/burrito/etc. I get and these needed NOTHING added - EXCELLENT FOOD!  Incredibly well balanced flavors and textures and I can see why there is always a line here.  Will definitely go back for more so I can try it all.
One of my favorite place to grab lunch downtown. Everything is good. Especially the burgers.
Definitely a dive in every sense of the word, right down to the bathroom sink with barely functioning faucets...but the people are right, the food is great.  The burger and pulled pork both were delicious, and the homemade potato chips...thin and full of great spicy flavor! Do not, DO NOT, trust Google maps to get you to this place though.  It puts you about 10 blocks away if you just click the button.  Just go old school and look up the address on a map until Google fixes this entry.
Interesting little eatery right next to dos gatos. The appearance might put you off at first, but the food here is pretty good. I was a little worried watching them cook my food because most of them have long hair/dreads, and I didn't see any hair nets to hold their hair back. The food isn't your typical fast food it has a very gourmet style fast food feel to it. I need to come back and try some more options. All I've had so far is the Panko chicken sandwich. It is one of their most popular items and it was recommended to me so I went with it. You won't be disappointed. I'm not a fan of blue cheese on it, but other than that it was good. When I get a chance to try more options I'll bring it up to 5 stars. Don't pass this place up if you're hungry and in the area.
Oh my goodness! I can't believe I haven't wrote a review of this place. This is in my top five probably of favorite places in Jax. I can tell you that if you only had a day to spend in Jacksonville you'd have to go to Chomp Chomp as one of your places to go. I don't know what kind of food you'd categorize it in but I call it gourmet good. The location is so easy to pass up so make sure you write down the address or go with someone who has been there before. The place is small and looks a little ghetto but I can assure you as soon as you are greeted and you talk to the people who work there you'll see how friendly and awesome the place truly is. They have around 10 items on their menu and they rotate out a few specials. I try to get something different every time I go but my favorite is the Jerk Chicken. My boyfriend however succeeds at something new every time. But he does have a favorite, the Westsider add blue cheese and bbq sauce. pst.... all their bread is from the French Pantry. GO HERE!! LIKE NOW!
I really enjoy this place except for the pouty cook in the back. I'm sure they turn over lots of food daily. I understand, but I haven't been here in a couple if years and my experience then was amazing. Not the impression I want to have on this place. But the food and service makes up for besides a pouty cook on the line :)
Been here many times. Limited menu, but every option is good. It's nice to get a beer at burro bar nextdoor then eat something from Chomp Chomp.
Finally got to try Chomp Chomp tonight.... We've been meaning to give it a try for months and just never made it out to downtown area to try.  Well, tonight we were determined.  So off we went.  After circling around the block a couple of times, we finally found a parking space. The place, like other Yelpers said, is quite small.  There are two tables inside and some outside and 4 chairs at the order bar.  There were a couple of patrons there already and some were about to order when we stepped in, so we opted to sit at the counter area. The staff is super friendly and fun.  After we ordered, we were chatting with a few of them and generally just enjoying their fun and energetic interaction with each other.  The were having fun while making yummy delicious meals with the stereo booming "Stairway to Heaven" lol... we had so much fun. Ok, the food, the food was excellent.  Hubbo ordered the tacos while I opted for the bah mi.  We wanted to try their salad and chips, so we had one of each as side for our sandwiches.  Everything was so tasty.  We polished everything and then, shamelessly ordered two take out orders of the Chomp Chomp burger and Texas BBQ burger to have later.  The chips were delicious as well.  I commented that the chips tasted like it's got Chinese 5 spice in it and the guy behind the counter said they mix spices and herbs and yeah, it's just delicious. Anyways, a little gem that we should've visited a looong time ago.  We'll be back soon to try other sandwiches!
Finding traditional Jamaican-style "Jerk Chicken" can be a challenge, but when one finds a good place that does it consistently, the name of the place gets shared with friends, posted in Yelp, and is celebrated. In the same way hops are adored in India Pale Ales and other beers, the Jerk spice also has legions of fans who salivate at the prospects of being burned. When I found Chomp Chomp on East Adams St in the heart of downtown Jacksonville, I was half-expecting the whiff of sweet smoke and tall guys from Jamaica. To my pleasant surprise, I found a funny little place run by guys who appeared to be college-age and a busy kitchen making some innovative dishes. When I ordered the "Jerk chicken". it came out in a sandwich form and loaded with a mix of spices I couldn't quite place. Was it what I was looking for? No, but it represented a different way of cooking the same bird and I enjoyed it very much. The counter guy even brought out some homemade chips for me to try, which would have gone over well with an Intuition IPA. I look forward to returning to this little place in the future as the menu on the chalk board was very well done.
He another Westsider.  My only complaint is that it's not the same level of spicy-ness.   One day it's pretty mild, another day it's so doused in buffalo sauce that you can't enjoy the sandwich.   I will continue to support this awesome jacksonville establishment. .
Just tried this little joint on a whim, looking for something different to take out- couldn't have been more impressed. Friendly service, diverse menu, good pricing (and they're open LATE!!!) Really enjoyed it, can't wait to be back!
They have a great variety of sandwiches that all have it's own unique taste. Get the side salad!
Chomp Chomp may be hands down my favorite lunch spot. The pulled pork tacos are to die for!! Its really small, not too many seats but you can get it to go. The menu is small but everything is delicious. I live for places like this.
I'm not from Jacksonville so when I asked around what places are good to eat someone brought up this place and I must say I am so glad I decided to try them out!! They have vegan options which is a plus... The service was awesome for what it is!!! Can't wait to go back and try out more vegan sandwiches
No bozo: love them. Cheap, great food served/made by goofy cute boys. There might be crack in the Westsider, take heed.
A culinary highlight of my time in Jacksonville. This is a run down hole in the wall with outstanding food and service! Just awesome!
Oh, those wasted nights wishing for a late-nite option (that's not Krystal).  Chomp Chomp, I'll be darkening your door from this point forward. As mentioned in other review, this place is tiny, about 12 feet wide.  There are four 2-tops inside (pushed together to make two 4-tops, and 3 or 4 stools at the counter.  I picked a stool, and was able to watch the kitchen work.  Had a bleu cheese & bacon burger with a small side salad (ginger soy dressing) and a mandarin soda; I think I got tagged for 9 bucks.  Counter staff engaging and outgoing.  It was a little warm, but they had a fan going and a good sized air conditioner up front for the customers. You can snag a beer (20 on draft) next door at the Burro Bar, and bring it back to Chomp Chomp.
Open (for now) just Thursday, Friday, Saturday night 6 pm until 2 am, chomp chomp serves a fun little menu on a blackboard and nothing's more than $6. Can't beat that. It's all made-to-order and the restaurant owners also own Avondale's tasty diner, The Fox. We started with the curry chicken satay skewers and shrimp spring rolls. Both were full of flavor but favored the chicken over the spring rolls. Two of us went for the bahn mi since it's difficult to find one in Jacksonville (have had @ PK Noodles and chew and that's it). It was spicy and the bread was good. The pork was a bit chewy but other than that, four thumbs up. I had the mixed greens with a ginger dressing and he had the homemade crunchy chips. Both were excellent. Our friend had the panko-crusted chicken with tomatoes and basil and it was fabulous. A unanimous favorite and a steal at $6. You can bring beer in from next door (Burro Bar) but chomp chomp serves fun sodas, canned sodas, and bottles of water. Forewarning: it's tiny. Three small tables inside and a few barstools at the counter then two small four-tops outside. But it's quick and delicious. And the logo is awesome. Think 1980s Qbert.
One of the most unique, flavorful and delicious meals I've ever had. The owner was a great guy who loves his craft and his city. Go here!
I have never had a bad meal here.  Their cuisine is very innovative, with great combinations and flavors.  Plus, I never have a hard time getting a vegetarian meal here, and the staff has always been very accommodating about being able to make dishes vegetarian for me if I ask. Dont get turned off by the fact that it is super small and doesnt look like a "typical" restaurant-- the food is great.  Plus, it is super cheap. This place  is, in my opinion, a can't-miss.
WIth the rarity of restaurants in Jacksonville that actually care about their food Chomp Chomp is a welcomed addition to the food scape. I've been there three times and each time the meal was fresh! They're an experimental little hole in the wall and like to infuse a lot of thai/asian flavors into their meals. Although, everyone I speak to (that means 7 people) will  disagree with me, I think they have some work to do on the their flavor profiles and textures. Sometimes the burgers are cooked too much. The pork in my tacos were a tad over done and overwhelmingly dominated by lemon. It was way too tart for a taco. And, I like lemon. I really really like lemon...but not that much. The pad thai was almost amazing but it settled on just okay. The noodles were a little too mushy and the flavors weren't distinct. Still, If they continue to refine, this little place will be awesome. I'm giving them four stars because their ingredients are fresh. Their meals are experimental. And, their food is definetly worth eating, many times over.
Quick, fresh fare that's open late - a huge plus for a downtown venue. The burger rocked and the chips were super tasty. Price point is right on for good food, especially late at nice when your options are limited. Gotta try it at least once!
Delicious Food!! Everything I have tried has been amazing :) there is not much table space and there may be a wait but well worth it!!! Large portions!!  Homemade chips are yummy! Westsider, Jerk Chicken so far, can't wait to come back!
Great tiny sandwich place. Gets crowded fast. Staff has lots of facial hair, not sure why I mention that. Park on the street if you can find somewhere. Menu is sandwiches from vegan to beeeef. Rock music, not the same old stuff. Its like the sandwiches, new and tasty
Complete hole in the wall. This place is incredible.  I ate the Panko crusted chicken sandwich. Best breaded chicken sandwich of my life! A true gem you'd never think was this great looking at the place from the street.
Chomp  Chomp has become my go-to place for a bite to eat for lunch in Downtown Jacksonville. It's going to be a lot of fun working my way through the menu. Although a bit small, with few places to sit inside, there are tables and chairs on the sidewalk so if the weather is nice, there is a great alternative. On my most recent visit, I had the Jerk Chicken Sandwhich with Pineapple. The chicken was very flavorful and well-seasoned while the pineapple povided just the right balance to the spice.
Well they have made it easier to find now. The Name is big bold and block lettering. The food is still the best on the east end of Adam street. I have eaten everything from the Bahn mi to tacos to a couple of the burgers now. The more I get the more I like. Today I ate the Caveman Burger with blue cheese pancetta and fried onions along with a perfect med rare burger.  Now that puts me into Burger Heaven for sure. Then the salad that you can get with everything is awesome with a house made dressing that I would pour all over the wife. I really can't remember if I have ate a bad piece of food from Chomp Chomp. So head on down to the east side of Adams and get you some. Oh Yea "RIP Phil Hartman"
Great food. I had a great Jerk chicken sandwich and fresh made chips. I wish downtown Jacksonville had more of a diverse scene as you will find here. Eclectic music and great food is a winning combination here. Recommend everyone who is adventurous to try it out.
Small hole in JAX downtown wall with HUGE flavor, go here! BTW if Burro Bar is open they will let you bring beer over.
Unreal hole in the wall!!.. better than any primo restaurant around! If you'd rather not sit downtown, order to go.
Delicious, cheap food. What's better? Chomp Chomp is super hipster-ish, and all the staff are really great and friendly. They know the menu well and made stellar recommendations. I can't wait to try everything on the menu.
Amazing. This place is great. The best chicken satay I've ever had. Definitely a must if you're in downtown JAX.
Came here at 11:00 on Saturday night for a post-beer dinner. Boy, did this food hit the spot! Chomp Chomp looks like a hole in the wall, but why would they opt for a grander space when the food stands alone? The menu is modest (10-12 options) but all looked equally delicious & I had a difficult time deciding what to order. I ended up getting the chinois tacos with homemade chips. It came out quickly (less than 10 min) & the portions were great for the price ($7). Others at my table had the caveman burger & the eggplant sandwich. Everyone was satisfied. Definitely recommend a trip to this place if you are near downtown Jax!
Today was my first time here and ooooh mama! Let me start off by saying: if you blink, sneeze or check the time, you will miss this literal hole in the wall. Using my GPS, I still ended up walking 3 blocks to get there...I guess this place is so hidden even the satellites had a hard time pinpointing it lol Oh, and if you want a Mile High Club experience without going a mile high into the air then this is the place for you! No, I wasn't involved in any Hanky Panky lol The fact that I crashed into the toilet and almost cracked my head on the wall mirror behind it ( I really had to go, so I was moving kind of fast lol) reminded me of the port-a-potties on airplanes...but then again a mile high restroom is like a Presidential Suite in comparison to Chomp Chomp's...I'm not kidding yawl! lol Ok, all jokes aside, it was a great experience. I was warmly welcomed by the owner who was also working the counter and the head knodder oldies playing through the speakers. Because he said it was his ultimate favorite, I choose the Westsider sandwich, which is pretty much a perfectly lightly fried chicken breast with hot sauce and blue cheese coleslaw on what I am guessing is a Kaiser bun. I also got the homemade curry chips and a grapefruit soda. HOLY COW PIE, that was an amazing meal! I usually HATE blue cheese, but was intrigued by it being made with coleslaw here and I am SO glad I went for it! Genius idea. I also am not a big fan of curry...it's just one of those things that are Hit or Miss and the only time it's been a hit for me is when it was home cooked by one of my Jamaican acquaintences. But whoever is working the kitchen knows EXACTLY what they are doing and gets major kudos from me :-) The grapefruit soda is such a great wash down item...it reminds me of ginger ale with a burst of grapefruit aftertaste. My favorite moment was when an old school Beastie Boys classic came on, the staff cranked it up, and all of us (me and the 4 other customers) immediately started to nod our heads to the beat, sing along and grin like idiots...all at the same time lol None of us knew each other from a can of paint, but for a couple minutes, we were all the best of friends enjoying a good song. If you are looking for a great bite to eat, with great prices and a great vibe, this is definitely where you want to be...and they are open VERY late (which I am learning is rare for Jacksonville businesses) so instead of making these franchises rich (taco bell, mcdonalds...*bluuuggghhh*), take a trip downtown and support our local business owners :-)
WOW!!! We just finished our lunch and I must say Everything was great! We walked in and were immediately welcomed with a huge smile!  It just stopped raining when we arrived so our server made sure the table and chairs that were outside were dried off so that we could eat outside and enjoy the outdoors.  Our server brought us our food and checked on us many times. The Jerk Chicken sandwich had such amazing flavors with a little spicy kick and it was served with a delicious yummy salad!! When you are in Jacksonville, Florida don't miss out!!! First time for me to ever write a review on Yelp! By the way we heard from some other friends that the food was great so we wanted to check it out too..... Soooo happy we did!
Love, love love this place! Went there for lunch and immediately had a table and chairs set up for us. My only suggestion is get more employees. The employee setting up our table also took our order and took care of customers. I ordered the salad which was delicious! This is a wonderful small cafe downtown, and I can't wait to bring my husband and dogs and eat outside again. It was such a wonderful dining experience. Thanks Chomp Chomp!
Gotta try the Panko crusted burger.
Chomp Chomp has great service! Their food is amazing especially for the price! The first thought that came to mind when I ate there was "original." 10 out of 5 stars!
Excellent food! Love this place. It's not fancy, definitely a "dive" in the best sense of the word. It's tiny, but I've always managed to find a seat. I love that the menu changes, and there are always interesting choices. Bottom line - the food is good and service is friendly and knowledgeable. You can get a beer at the bar next door and bring it over - bonus.
Very impressed with the taco chinois with kimchi for lunch. Place was busy but was able to get a table outside. The chips were fantastic as well.
The food was really really good. I had the Chicken Satay with the side salad and it was quick yummy. Even my picky eater loved it and he hates everything. Lol. That being said if I was hanging out late down town with my girls I couldn't go here. NO space at all. It's Jacksonville folks it's gonna rain some time. No bueno for most of your seating to be outside. Also I'd like a clearer indication of the spice on some of the foods.
We wanted to go to a downtown restuarant during Dine Around Downtown and setteled on Chomp Chomp - we couldn't have found a more perfect choice.  I was a little concerned b/c there was no bar but we were able to go next door for beer or wine.  The menu was so interesting it was hard to make choice but all 4 of us were very happy with our selection.  I had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwhich with Blue Cheese slaw and it was fabulous.  The depth of flavor and portion size was great. 2 others had the burger and raved about it.The owner served us and chatted for a while - very gracious and clearly appreciative of our business. We will be back.
Finally got to try Chomp Chomp after reading about it on Jacksonville.com and having some friends take us there after the Sharks game. It was SO hard to find! Couldn't find it on the map and the map on their Facebook page did not work. Finally found it. It is the epitome of a hole-in-the-wall joint. (the best places, IMO)... Hubby got The Westsider (he raves about it; the chicken was so juicy and flavorful) and I got the Chinois Tacos (lots of flavor and tangy from the slaw, next time will ask for extra cilantro!). We both asked for the salad as our side, but after our friends told us we would be mistaken if we didn't try the Curry Chips, I asked for those. Everything was DELICIOUS! I honestly have no complaints. And so what if they don't serve alcohol - it was pretty cool they tell you to go next door to Burro Bar to grab a beer. Can't wait to go back and try something new. We were actually going to go tonight and just realized they close at 2:30 p.m. on Wednesday! BUMMER! We are now regulars at Chomp Chomp and love it every time we go. My hubby gets the Westsider (panko crusted chicken slathered in buffalo wing sauce, topped with slaw and blue cheese - holy cow) every single time, but I usually get something else so we can share.  Friday evening I got the Texas-style BBQ sandwich, which was very good. Pork was very flavorful, BBQ sauce was tangy and sweet, and I love slaw on top of my sandwich! Yum! This is the cheapest, yummiest place I know of to get food! TRY IT! On Friday I noticed everything on the menu was $7.... I swear, it's cheaper and WAYYYYYYYYYY better than trying to eat fast food!
We just arrived from driving 5 hours and we were starved. We chose Chomp chomp because it was the closest. It was a wonderful choice. It's very small but every meal is clearly crafted. I had the Chinois tacos that were amazing. Pulled pork with kimchi. I'm sad that I don't live here because I already miss that pork.
The benefit of this place is that it's open late and right next to bars.  Other than that, I cannot say much good about it.  We opted for the burger, and after what seemed to be the longest wait of all time, it came out---super well-done, of course.  Now, I'm not saying I couldn't have enjoyed it if it had some flavor to it, but it really lacked for me.  This is saying a lot since I was already pretty boozey at this point.  I'm not saying I wouldn't give it another shot, but it would probably be in a moment of desperate downtown drunken starvation.
When you want to eat at a "hole in the wall," Chomp Chomp is the way to go! I went this past July Art Walk, and it was amazing! The actual restaurant was literally a hole in the wall. There are 4 tables inside, some tables outside, and the bar (with a few bar stools) where you order from. I ordered the Panko Crusted Chicken sandwich. It was no ordinary chicken sandwich. The tomatoes were soaked in balsamic vinegar so every time you bit into it, it was bursting with flavor. They use blue cheese so those two flavor combined with fried chicken gave my taste buds a happy dance!! The homemade chips became the cherry on top. The environment is awesome! The employees seem super busy, but they seem to enjoy the havoc of it all! If you tip them, they LOVE ringing bells and cowbells. It was Art Walk and their service was great! Fast and friendly. During Art Walk, I advise people to have one person order and stalk for a table inside, and the rest wait outside and stalk for a table outside. I have not gone to a hole in the wall in Jacksonville, and I am glad I chose Chomp Chomp to pop my cherry!
Really good! Very unique food also.
Delish, fresh, spicy... better by far than your standard fair.
Delicious things come in small packages! Chomp Chomp is basically a storefront with a counter and two tables, but their food is no small feat. With an interesting menu and beyond-friendly staff to answer any questions, Chomp Chomp mixes gourmet style goods with a no-frills grab-n-go attitude. A friend and I went in last week for a late lunch, (they have varying hours so make sure they're open before you head) and we decided to keep it simple and split two sammies. The first, Eggplant Parmesan, the second a Korean BBQ with kimchi. Yum! We went for homemade chips and side salads respectively with each sandwich. Our sandwiches came out in old school paper baskets looking way better than your typical burger or dog they would usually house. The owner, Ian, brought them out himself and recommended we use Sriracha on the Korean BBQ. Don't mind if I do! Extra heat or no, the flavors in both of these sandwiches were spectacular! The BBQ was fall-apart juicy and tender, with the Sriracha and kimchi adding just the right little kick. The Eggplant was fried to absolute perfection! Crispy on the outside, hot and juicy on the inside, and full of flavor. Both sandwiches had perfectly toasty, warm bread to sop up all the extra goodness too. Chomp Chomp, though small and simple, has mastered their eclectic and enterprising menu. Can't wait to go back and get my Chomp on again!
By far some of the best burgers and home made chips I've had.
Love it here. Eat chomp at least once a week. Love the veggie options and eclectic staff. Never had a bad meal, but will say that sometimes I wish they would put more toppings on some of the Sammy's. definitely no complaint for the price though. Westminster, Panko sandwich and any of the Curras are great. If thy have a special, you should get it, they are almost always outstanding.
