My go to/favorite place for a lovely dinner with family or friends! Everything about this place is AMAZING. An intimate restaurant for any occasion, its perfect for prom dinners, catching a quick meal or enjoying a relaxing dinner after a long week. Anxious to try it again after being absent from Jville for 5 years, when my mom suggested dinner out, I immediately suggested it. Unbeknownst to me, it was the last 1/2 off wine night of the season (Usually on Mondays in the summer)! As if my favorite restaurant in Jacksonville could get any better. We immediately ordered a bottle of Steele chardonnay, this was a great chance to splurge on a bottle we wouldnt normally be able to enjoy! We started out with the bruschetta and I was pleasantly surprised. With mozzarella already baked inside the bread, this wasnt your normal bruschetta. For entrees, my mom opted for the Salmon salad and I decided on their gourmet white truffle pizza adorned with mushrooms, arugula, mozzarella and prosciutto. My mothers salad was HUGE and was perfect for a dinner plate. My pizza hit the spot. The saltiness of the prosciutto mixed perfectly with the flavor of the mushrooms and abundance of cheese. Since our dinners were so plentiful, we didnt have room for dessert but I HIGHLY recommend any baked selection from bbs. True bakery style, they do not have a dessert menu, but instead, you select your delectible treat from a case by the kitchen. They have everything from Black Forest Cake to Carrot Cake to numerous cheesecake selections. All of these desserts are baked in house and never disappoint.
Outstanding lunch today with a business client (Suddath).  I ordered the crab-cake sandwich/Caesar salad with an appetizer of calamari.  Everything was delicious, including the iced tea.  The atmosphere is very hip and the scenery (you know what I'm talking about) was very pleasant on the eyes.  I would highly recommend.
bb's is the place to go for a reliably great evening. Our table of 5 enjoyed a range of entrees and all were delicious. Our waiter was excellent - right there when he should be without hovering or interrupting conversation. A shout out to the hostess who made sure we had a table that was ideal for conversation. She really gave us the benefit of our advance reservation, something many venues don't do.
My favorite thing on the menu from BB's is their Ciabatta turkey sandwich. Good sized portion, and you can choose between herb fries or salad as a side. I usually go with the caesar salad, which is very good. It's not an expensive place to have lunch or dinner. Overall this place has a decent waiter service, and good food. Try to make a reservation if you come during lunch or dinner hours as it does get packed.
Kind of a bummer. I had a healthy appetite and high hopes. Yelp loved this place and I really wanted to as well. I ordered the frito misto app special which sounded yummy: !4$ fritto misto of thai scallop lollipop, cornmeal crusted oysters and crab stuffed shrimp with a trio of dipping sauces. Is thai scallop lollipop code for crab puff? No Scallop at all, none. The oysters were inedible shriveled rock hard nuggets, the crab stuffed shrimp - okay this I could eat but just an over fried greasy mass. the trio of dipping sauces? One was good the remoulade-ish one. I couldn't tell you anything about them as I was only told they were 'sauces'. Next up the White Truffle pizza. Fist bite was good, nice truffle oil kick, way too much cheese, not enough if any flavor. I'm starting to worry now that the meal will not have that OMG nibble. My fear was realized with the next spoonful of the 'Signature Dish' shrimp bisque. Tasty, sweet shrimpiness, but way way too thick almost paste like texture. Last but not least, sigh, the white chocolate cheesecake cake with raspberry. It's huge and it looks tasty. The cheesecake layer, yum, raspberry preserves, yum, the white choc cake layers, yum. The pink frosting cloying, but after I scraped off about a pound of it, the others parts of the cake were good. Was it an off night? Did I order that poorly? It was not even half worth the money 43$ for 2 apps, 1 soup, and 1 piece of cake.
Coming from San Francisco I'm spoiled when it comes to restaurants. BB's is one of the best restaurants that I've been to since I've been in JAX. The goat cheese salad was a perfect starter and was very impressed to get my steak rare as asked for. What killed me was having to get up and walk to the see the desserts. Not that I'm lazy but this is something u do in a deli not a upscale bistro.  A dessert menu or dessert cart needs to replace this silly method they have going on now.
When in Jacksonville for business BB's is a place I always try to hit.  Their goat cheese salad is an absolute must and so is the ahi tuna bruschetta oh so good.  Just make sure to call ahead the last time I was in town it was closed that night we decided to drive out there for dinner.
Great lunch spot, quality ingredients.
Yelp hits another home run!  Tried bb's which was near my hotel and had very favorable reviews here on Yelp.  Well, bb's delivered / all of the positive reviews about this place are spot on.  It is a small restaurant / neighborhood isn't the best, but the service and food were top notch.  Menu is very inventive and everyone raved about their selections.  Price point is fair for the quality / quantity of the food, decent wine list and service was spot on. If you are ever in JAX, go here first - don't hit the higher-end restaurants over by the water.  You really have to go here first - its that good...
Tried bb's because of the reviews on yelp and I have to say, I don't agree with the 4.5 stars average. The menu items are creative but did not deliver.  Good service but the food was mediocre. I ordered the Prix Fixe menu: salad was good, Skirt steak entree not so much. Steak was not hot and didn't have much flavor. The andouille whipped mashed potatoes were good, but also not very hot. My date ordered the turkey sandwich which was very tasty, but the Parmesan herb fries were cold and didn't have much parmesan. Rocky Road flourless chocolate cake was rich but nothing special. There are too many other good restaurants in Jax to return to bb's.
Can't say enough about this place.  Excellent service, wonderful atmosphere, and the food was exceptional.  We were visiting from the DC suburbs of Northern VA, and I wish we had a place with this menu at these prices where I live.  You are lucky duckies, Jacksonville!
First time for dinner at bb's and we were not disappointed. The dining room was buzzing when we sat down (not a quiet restaurant!) and the energy of the room was high. The prix fix menu was tempting, at $25 for three-courses, but I chose the oyster special appetizer and my husband had the filet. My dish was the perfect size for a small, but complete dinner, with six fried oysters, a leek & Gruyere cake, and greens w/ bacon vinaigrette. Each was individually delicious and I was completely satisfied. My husband loved his steak w/ stacked potatoes and asparagus. We'll definitely be back -- for dinner as well as brunch!
We went to BB's because of the reviews and I was not impressed by it. The white truffle pizza was good, but not blow-your-mind excellent.  The prices for the courses were outrageous. The pricing scale for this site is not a true scale, as this place was more a $$$ with entrees over $20. The menu was seriously lacking in choices. I would have thought that this place would have been more vegetarian friendly, but only a couple of dishes were available.  For such an "upscale" place, I would have liked better seating and my coke not in a can.  The Bailey's chocolate cheesecake was very good, but I did not even taste a hint of the Bailey's. It was rich, and decadent. Staff was ok, but I've had better service from Johnny Carino's.
The food is really tasty, nicely presented and similar to the quality of what they offer at Biscotti's. The prices seem above average for a Jacksonville mid-level restaurant, but in line with the quality of the food. The noise level makes it a bad place for a business luncheon, however.
Yuuuummmy!!  This restaurant has a very trendy atmosphere, you walk in and everything is very upbeat.  The service was also extremely friendly.  We started off our meal with the fried calamari, it came in a very large fried wonton skin and on top of a bed of carrots and bell peppers with a very interesting sauce.  I ordered the Filet Mignon special with asparagus and Potato casserole.  It was very good.  The pizzas there are also delicious.  The best part of the meal was the dessert, they have approximately 18 cakes to choose from (Bananas Foster Cheesecake, Chocolate Ganache, Chocolate Peanut Butter Cake, Eclair Cake, Strawberry Cheesecake, etc).  SOOOOO Good!!
I went here for my Graduation Dinner. It was so good. The service was great!
BB's bistro  is a hot spot for lunch and dinner in Jacksonville. If your feeling less adventurous then Basil Thai then BB's is right up your ally (and right next door to Basil). Here you'll find new American cuisine.   BB's makes good use of their smaller space, you can find a seat at their bar, or in the bar room, they also have a dinning space, and a simi-open kitchen. Make sure to stop by the dessert case where you can quite literally pick your pie. There is a nice wine list where you can order a afternoon spritz for as little as 8$. For dinner you can order from the open menu or a price fixe menu, both of these offer great options.   Make sure to take note that if your looking to find a quiet/romantic place to eat that you don't go during normal hours, because its not and you won't. It is however very elegant and service is speedy and friendly.   I'll give BB's 4 stars because they are a great spot and one of the treasures that Jacksonville has. If I had the choice I would go to AIX down the road over BB's but my wallet will come away from BB's a bit happier. This is a must try in the Jacksonville metroplex.
I'll leave them at three stars, but yesterday I saw they were written up by the Food inspectors Nazi's here (JAX News Journal) for violations in Da` kitchen, etc.
Being from out of town and having a maybe undeserving cynical view of cousine in Jacksonville, we decided to give this place a go over lunch.  The decor is clean and trendy, the waitress was very nice and on top of things.  I had the Ahi Tuna lunch special which was very good, and my coworkers were satisfied with their meals as well.  They have a big counter with a large selection of desserts.  I had the raspberry cheesecake, which was OK, but I should've had the NY Style cheesecake instead.
We had a large group and yelp helped us find this place close by our hotel.  Made a reservation through open table and all was good.  It's always difficult to review a restaurant based on a large table just because of timing ext.  These folks did a great job of bringing things out together and it didn't appear the quality suffered.  Based on the comments from the table, the pizza was great, fish was fresh and tasty and the desserts were wonderful.  I have no doubt we will be back to bb's the next time we have a meeting in Jax.
This place is just great! I look forward to coming here every time I'm in town!
we enjoyed our dinner here. the staff was very helpful and friendly. salad was well prepared and fresh. the chowder was a little bland but had a nice texture and plenty of veges. we had the bacon wrapped sirloin which had a nice smoky flavor. presentation was very good.
Large group went for drinks after dinner elsewhere. The staff was very accommodating and our drinks were good, but definitely not a bar hangout happening place. They vibe was low key. No doubt, though, that the food is probably good and the atmosphere would be perfect for a casual dinner.
One of the best places I ever been. We were there for a business trip and we just discover the place based on yelp. So happy with our food and customer service. The duck wontons (appetizer) and fish (entree) was great. The bread pudding and ice cream was awesome. Such a great place to go.
Bb's has the best desserts in Jacksonville, hands down. We were recently looking for a bakery to do our wedding cake, and after sampling other bakeries, we said, why can't we find a cake as good as bb's? So we called bb's to see if they would do our wedding cake, and they agreed. They did the most gorgeous, and amazingly delicious, wedding carrot cake! Guests told us it was the best wedding cake they'd ever had, and we agreed. Go to bb's for a fabulous lunch or dinner, but make sure to save room for dessert. I don't know if they do a lot of wedding cakes, I think their bakery bakes primarily for the restaurant. But if they'll do your wedding cake, you will be glad you hired them. And BTW, they were more reasonably priced than any other bakery we talked to!
Stumbled across this place while looking for a nice place for lunch. The wait was a little long due to being very busy, and it took a little longer than I expected to get our food but it was well worth the wait.  The Bistro Steak Sandwich was absolutely perfect.  My wife ordered the Tuscan Chicken Sandwich and was equally impressed.  The wait staff was very courteous and professional which made up for the wait.  Very good find.
Went here by myself because I was in Jacksonville on business. I ate at the bar and the staff were very nice and helpful. The bartender made me a very good Tom Collins so I certify this bartender as a good bartender. I got the fillet special. The meat was very good as were the hazelnuts placed on top of the Fillet and the Potato and Bacon side was very good too. The only issue I had was that there was way too much cheese placed on top of the Fillet. For dessert I had the Oreo Chocolate Mousse Cake. And it was sooo good but soooooo rich. I definitely recommend splitting this dish with someone. I imagine this place is really nice to go to and get drinks with friends too. But sadly I went as the lonely consultant. This is a solid 4 star place. One downside being it is a tad overpriced but that happens.
I had the bistro steak sandwich (beef tenderloin, caramelized onion, brie, tomatoes, arugula & pommery mustard sauce on ciabatta bread) and it was delicious and one of their fabulous cakes for dessert. They had an extensive wine list but stuck with water. Great place for a bite to eat and I would recommend it to anyone.
I think this place is great for lunch.  I've tried a bunch of things on the menu and they were all very good. I've only been here once for dinner, and I'm pretty sure the menu is almost identical to the lunch menu.  I think this is a fun place for a group
Great and desserts are 10/10.
I had the pleasure of dining at bb's this week. I loved their $25 price fixe menu. Plus $5 wine pairings. What a fabulous deal! I had caesar salad, flank steak and bread pudding. All was delicious. My friend told me we had to have one of their cakes as well. I don't care for cake but I tried his piece....which was HUGE. It was absolutely incredible. Service was perfect as well. Just a great place. This is a keeper! Great dining experience.
I completely agree with Rajiv B. BB's is a great San Marco-ish dining option. I have never been disappointed with their food. The waitstaff is terrific as well. I particularly love the polenta stix as well as the white bean dip. Like their sister restaurant Biscotti's, their desserts are to die for!
I've lived in Jacksonville for a long time and this is my first trip to bb's. I loved the quail. It is a good restaurant to meet friends for dinner.
The best little Bistro cafe in Jacksonville to have brunch.  Everytime I come here, the coffee is fresh, the eggs and Brick oven pizza is fab, and the desserts are eye boggling, the staff is friendly and unpretentious and located in Avondale, in one of the most beautiful neighborhoods in Jacksonville.  I still have not been able to find a place like this in Seattle which I believe that this can never be duplicated
A little pricey but always have had a good meal here.  Good atmosphere.  Try the pork... they have it as a special during lunch sometimes.  Haven't seen it any other time.  Good for dates but recommend making reservations.
Grabbed some lunch here from a friend's recommendation.  Started with the shrimp bisque which was delicious.  It was rich, creamy and not to salty.  Then I had the skirt steak, which came with mash and sauteed onions.  It was tender and tasty, surprisingly good for a skirt steak.  Seating was cozy, felt like an indoor cafe.  Enjoyed the service and the food.  Will be back for more.
Would have been a perfection if not for lack of continuity with desert supply. I was told that Orange Grand Marnier cake is the most popular item on the desert menu and flies off the shelf, also that restaurant has their own bakery that supplies only one other restaurant, Biscotties. So here's an interesting question .... Is it that hard to keep your own MOST DESIRED pastry in stock??? Not even talking about the loss of profit from missed opportunity to sell the cake.
This is my favorite dessert place in Jacksonville by far. The pound cake with the rum drizzle is out of this world.  Also the duck confit appetizer is one of my favorite things on the planet. Like the atmopshere/crowd too.
Excellent food and service! The duck wonton is to die for! Also tried the shrimp bisque n it was awesome! The sword fish with the caper tappenade n saffron rice was perfectly cooked. Pinneaple cheese cake was orgasmic!
Great little place for brunch/lunch! Cute atmosphere, excellent menu! Recommend the tuna melt and the bistro steak sandwich, but there were so many other appealing options that we wanted to try!
I waited too long to write this review.  Frankly, I don't recall exactly what it was that I enjoyed at bb's but it was a fab joint.  Service was attentive and the food was great.
The atmosphere is a bit fancier than I was looking for, and not really my vibe. Great food though!
One of the best local restaurants in Jax with real "city neighborhood" feel... great for dinner or post-event snacks and drinks (we went after a concert with the symphony - made for a great night).  REALLY wanting to head back for brunch to try the bacon bloody mary!
Stellar, fresh-made desserts, a trendy atmosphere, and lively crowd. What more needs to be said about BB's? I've been going here for years, and have never been disappointed. The noise level can be high at times, so if you're looking for intimate dining, this ain't it, but for an evening out on the town, it's hard to beat. Prices can be pretty high, but the desserts are  huge, so I always wind up bringing some home.
Nice place. Great service. Food was above my expectations.
Excellent choice. Gourmet crab cake sandwich and superb artichoke pizza. Bread pudding dessert..is perfect and all topped with a wonderful cappuccino. Only reason this is not 5 stars is because the bartender made a racket throwing beer bottles away.
We ended up going to this restaurant b/c it was the only restaurant close to our hotel that was not closed.  The duck confit wonton was absolutely amazing, warm goat cheese salad was good (not great) and the white truffle pizza was delish!  The service was great as well.  If you like duck, you MUST order the duck confit wonton!!!
Very good, great place to impress a date. Good wine selection. get the cheese plate as an appetizer and enjoy the ambiance. Great place for a late night dessert too.
PRO: Loved their turkey sandwich. Con: Blasé hostess who couldn't be found so I could be seated. Not impressed with dessert! Rasberry cheesecake had a chemically fake taste (yuk). Overpriced desserts. I would probably come back (and seat myself) and avoid wasting calories on dessert.
We had heard what a great place this was and the desserts were to die for, so we decided to give it a shot yesterday after we had been all over town with our friends for dessert and I was unimpressed.  We each got a different thing and none of us were impressed with what we got. I have had better things at a few bakeries around town. If it wasn't so over priced, I probably would not have bothered with taking the rest of it home. I also feel the staff looked down upon us because we looked liked we had been all over town all day. The server was bending over backwards for the people with the suits in the table next to us, but we couldn't get his attention. I bet if I had gone in there after work (casual means tie only), instead of t-shirt and shorts (my running around town close) I bet that server would have been bending over backwards for me. To make matters worse, they didn't even have the one item in there dessert case that everybody said you had to try, it must not be very good if they don't carry it all the time. Next time I am wanting dessert, I will go find a bakery and not bother with this place
Nice design, decor, good perhaps stuffy service.  Nice menu/specials/price fixe menu.   Not cheap not overpriced, either.  We had outstanding meals, took home desserts that looked a little better than they tasted.  Will return when in area.
Loved the atmosphere and had the rotisserie turkey cobb salad.  Excellent!
My favorite restaurant in Jacksonville, bar none.  Food is always fresh and well prepared, seasoned just right.  If you have a special occasion, or just want a great dinner you will not be disappointed.  There nightly specials are delicious.
I was delighted to find this place via yelp on our way through town! I am on a very strict diet and they had several things I could eat and so many things I wanted to try. I had the hummus platter and the salmon salad and I think I raved about both the entire time. If I lived in Jax, I would definitely frequent BB's!
While traveling thru jax my daiughter looked up good places on yelp. It's a bit off the I95 traveling path but not too far. We looked like tired vagabonds but decided to go for it anyway. It was def date night for most and there were people of all ages there. Food was absolutely fantastic and we had the bread pudding for dessert. It should not be missed.  Pork..fab. Pasta dish with pesto unbelievable..Caesar salad w fish..great and warm goat cheese salad..out of this world. Decor is groovy..waitstaff really good..prices on the higher end..great wine selection..looks dull when you drive up but groovy inside. Well done.
Great place for lunch, dinner, or brunch. Everytime I'm back at home this is one of  the few places in Jacksonville I HAVE to eat at. The Asian Chicken salad and the house Sweet Potato Red Pepper Soup are my favorites. Be sure to save room for dessert and take a stroll afterwards through the Avondale shopping center of the nearby Boone Park.
I started with the warm goat cheese salad and then had the Thai BBQ pork tenderloin for the entree. Insane good! Well balanced between sweet and spice. Big portion. Great stuff! Generous pour on the Pinot noir too!
A very good place to eat and go for dessert and wine. We ate light this trip and ate sandwiches. They were amazing with plentiful flavors. I will be coming back to this place.
I haven't been in a few years, but from what I remember, this place was great.  One of my best friends from highschool decided it would be our lunch spot for the day and I loved it!  I went back a second time with another friend for apps and wine at dinner and loved it again.  I can't remember what I ate, but believe me, Im a really harsh critic and nothing negative sticks out!
BB's is great. The ambiance, the music, and the food! Oh the food is delicccciiioouuusss! We had the crab cakes, almond crusted calamari and the goat cheese salad, which were all very good. The calamari was amazing! I'd say the best I have ever had... I am very hard to please so when I say this place is worth going, its bc it has really good food.Again, i highly recommend going!!!
Solid 4. Yummy crab cakes. Bit toasty but the crunch complemented the interior texture. Chicken sandwich was good and juicy. Caesar salad was up to par ... service was excellent.
Appreciate the wine list being updated recently....and the food is good too!
Awesome food and great service!
Great eclectic quiet atmosphere.  Sat at the bar....Bartender, Ron, was great....attentive but not annoying.  Had crab cake sandwich with parmesan herb fries.....FANTASTIC!  Very impressed.  Little place but just perfect service and the crab cake was awesome. Fantastic dessert display as well....couldn't pass it up.  also had great selection of wine and several options by the glass.  I will definitely go back next time I am in town.
Loud dining room for a reason, great food and good service keep the place full.  Love the inexpensive pre fixe menu and its choices.
Boyfriend and I went with another couple for our first visit, after seeing reviews on Yelp. The drinks were poured heavy (A+) and they were average-priced. The bruschetta app was hands-down the best thing we had, and I would go back just for that. I got the White Truffle pizza and it was decadent - the mushrooms had the best flavor! Boyfriend got the Thai BBQ pizza - too sweet for my taste. Girl friend got the pasta entree - it was okay. I would not order it, but it tasted fresh and light. Girl friend's boyfriend got a steak sandwich, and it was plain but extermely flavorful and tasty! I would recommend! Eclectic crowd. Do not remember music. Small, semi-cramped set-up. Very close to other tables.
What great fresh cuisine, try the asian chop chop (gotta add the tuna) great wine list, Mallory is a great ( and sweet, see photos) bartender!
This is a week late but we ate at bb's for lunch on Saturday. I have to say the place was packed at noon. As normal with bb's it is a loud place. Since it was at capacity this was no exception. The place is cozy and you don't feel uncomfortable when the place is full. If you are planning a special event or anything like that I would make a reservation. I have been here several times but never have written a review so here it goes. The table started with the almond crusted calamari. I have to say in all of the times we have been here nothing has ever disappointed us. The calamari this time came close because of the temperature that it was served. It was just above the acceptable level. It clearly sat before it was delivered to the table, fortunately the quality of the ingredient and the taste made up for the barely acceptable temperature. I do place more of this on the server who at times seemed distracted. It was very uncharacteristically for bb's in my prior personal experiences. The entrees consisted of crab cakes benedict, bistro steak sandwich and a grilled salmon salad. Each was spot on as usual. I would suggest that if you have not been here you really should go. Just expect it to be loud and busy. But it is well worth it. Your dining experience may vary.
Okay....I can't even put into words how amazing the food is.  Great service, nice atmosphere. We had the fried green tomatoes caprese appetizer. I had steak and brie sandwich. My husband had the filet special. All awesome. I chose the couscous salad as my side...unique but yummy!
BB's - Bistro Biscottis is located in Jacksonville, Florida at 1019 Hendricks Avenue located near the corner of Hendrix Avenue & Prudential Drive, seven blocks north of the historic San Marco square, and two blocks south of the river. BB's restaurant and bar offers American continental cuisine with international influences including great salads, seafood, dishes, unique pizzas and sandwiches as well as nightly dinner specials of fresh caught fish, steaks, chops and pasta . . . They also have an awesome Saturday brunch! We try to dine at this great restaurant every time we travel to Jacksonville from St Simons Island. BB's signature soup is shrimp bisque and it is out of this world. My favorite entrée is the Bistro Steak Sandwich which is beef tenderloin sandwich, with caramelized onions, brie, tomatoes, arugula & pommery mustard sauce on ciabatta bread. I also like the lunch entrée char grilled skirt steak with chorizo, whipped potatoes, roasted plum tomato, caramelized onions and cilantro.
delicious. though our server was rather awkward -- it was kinda cute.
I try to find interesting local spots when traveling and read great reviews of bb's. I wasn't staying near downtown (but rather closer to the airport) and made the trek to try this place. Well worth it. Apparently seating and parking are a pain for some, but since I was traveling alone, sitting at the bar was no problem. The staff were incredibly friendly, the food was tasty and I thought it was priced just right. I had the fried green tomato caprese appetizer and it was delicious. The salmon salad needed a bit more flavor, but was good. I did not have dessert, but heard rave reviews from other patrons. Highly recommend giving it a whirl!
Yelp didn't disappoint! 3 colleagues and I enjoyed a relaxed working dinner while on travel in Jacksonville.  Hostess was friendly and helpful. Waiter (Joe) was patient with requests and allowed us to switch entrees with sides for truly enjoyable meals!  The fixed price menu was an incredibly reasonable option and the dessert menu is overflowing with choices! Although our table by the bar was less intimate than tables in the main dining room, we soon forgot about the ambiance and enjoyed our meals and service. Easy and inexpensive shuttle/taxi ride from the Landing.
bb's made such a good first impression. the staff, decor, food were impeccable. need i say more?
i travel for work, and i have to say, jacksonville was not my favorite city.  till i ate at b.b.'s.  I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT!!!  i've only eaten off the lunch menu, but the food is delicious, the wine menu extensive, and the price is right.  the best part about b.b.'s, though, is definetely the desserts.  you MUST go with people so you can share a dessert, they are HUGE!  or if you are by yourself, you have to get one to go if you are full.  every dessert i've had there has been one of the best of my life.  they explain each dessert to you as well, which is a nice touch.  one of my favorite restaurants anywhere!!  nice going, jax!
What a pleasant surprise!  When you open the door to this place you find light, laughter, and a friendly atmosphere.  The food was excellent.  I had a small artichoke pizza that was just perfect.  The bartender made me feel like I was the only person in the place!
Awesome experience food + wine + deserts
First and foremost I would like to mention that finding a nice place to eat lunch in Jacksonville was harder than my husband and I thought... after some searching we decided to head to BB's for a late lunch and I'm really happy we did. The place was modern but still warm and the food was good. I got the crab cake sandwich with couscous. Both were good but the open face sandwich was difficult to eat. My husband got the wild mushroom pizza, which he loved, I personally thought it was a little too much mushroom but that's a me thing, not a BB's thing. All in all this place was good, not quite mind blowing but nice. It's worth giving a try if you're in the area.
Bb's is a place to go if you want to be seen.  The decor is nice inside, but somewhat cramped table-wise.  We ate some shrimp "lollipop" type appetizers, which were fried and didn't have a strong shrimp taste.  I ordered a salad with "goat cheese croutons"; it was fine, nothing special for this type of restaurant, and the "croutons" were large round pieces of soft bread around the ouside, with goat cheese stuffed into the middle.  I didn't care for texture, and the taste was really bogged down by the bread.  Our service was fine, but not exceptional.  Prices seemed a bit high, but I think we paid extra for the nice decor.  Good for an expensive meet-and-greet with your work buddies or girlfriends, but not intimate enough for a nice dinner with my sweetie or special enough to visit very often.
This place has totally changed my opinion on sandwiches.  Wow.  They are artists.  Bonus points for subtle use of bacon (and avocado mayo!)  on the spiced rotisserie turkey.  Stuffed flatbread was less awesome but still something I'd go back for.  Atmosphere is surprisingly upscale and hip.
Came here while in JAX for a conference. My colleagues and I are in heaven!!  Food is wonderful!!!
This is definitely a "whoa, buddy!" review. I fancy myself as an Apprentice Creme Brulee Connoisseur, or a wannabe version of one. Until last night, Maggiano's had Jax's best Creme Brulee... until I came to BBs'.  Add to that a great selection of wine, and a dinner menu that will have my attention when I return next (and soon), and you have all the ingredients for a great spot! Service was spot on, the staff as cool as they come, and the atmosphere epitomizes young, hip, and contemporary dining in Jax.  I would have enjoyed just being around so many other, cool people--the fact that they serve amazing food makes the 'cool' part an added bonus.  I even made a new friend while I was there. :) They are on the pricier end, but well worth it. Don't take my word for it; go!  Take a date (or several good friends), get dinner, a glass or two of wine, and the Creme Brulee.  Seriously, it's that good!
We decided to try BB's for a late Friday night dinner. We were able to call ahead and reserve a table, so we were promptly seated when we arrived. The ambiance and layout is fantastic; I loved the setup and the design. The venue was a little loud, but the service was attentive. I ordered the lemon chicken and rice soup. I felt that it lacked a flavorful "punch" and was rather salty. I had the crab cakes appetizer as my entrée, and the boyfriend ordered the flounder. Both dishes came out hot and were cooked perfectly. I did think the crab cakes were a little on the miniature side compared to many other crab cakes I've devoured in my life, but they were flavorful and I enjoyed them. After dinner, we couldn't resist dessert. They have the same bread pudding as Biscotti's in Avondale, so we knew what we were getting ourselves into. I have tried countless numbers of bread puddings to compare them to this particular dessert, and so far no other place has even come close. You really can't go wrong with any of their cakes or pies, but the bread pudding is really top-notch. Overall, the ambiance is nice, the staff is great, and while dinner was pretty good, it just didn't leave me with a "must eat here next weekend" feeling. That being said, what flavor and "punch" was lacking in my dinner was more than made up for in the dessert menu, and this is reflected in my rating. Go here for dinner-or don't. But definitely come here for the dessert. In that aspect, you won't be disappointed. Four stars.
I'll tell y'all one thing: I am a sucker for creme brûlée. I impulse try it if I see it on any menu. BB's is a wonderful establishment with equally exquisite creme brûlée. And desserts. They literally have a "dessert tour" that your waitperson will invite you to take. The food is great. This place is a bit pricey, which is why I only gave it four stars. Otherwise, it's a nice pleasant environment with a laid back feel. The waitstaff are eager to assist you in deciding between all of their amazing culinary treasures.
Omg the Jambalaya pizza was amazing I got it without the sausage and it was yummy. My husband also ordered the same thing with sausage and loved it so much he tried to eat the two slices I had left, but the real kicker was the bread pudding. I think that was the best dessert I have ever had.  It had a nice softness to it without being soggy and the perfect amount of sweetness. It was so good I made myself only eat half (1. I was stuffed from the pizza & 2. I will have the rest for breakfast). I will most definitely be back while I'm staying in Jacksonville!!! :-)
It may have a lot of high ratings, but I wasn't given an opportunity to try. Walked in at 10:05 (because my GPS took me on a 15 minute detour thanks to a bunch of mandatory wrong turns because of road construction) and I was turned away even though they close at 10:30. I understand that restaurant closing times can be volume based, but I am disappointed to see this type of service from a supposedly 4.5 star restaurant.
Dine often, consistently excellent food, great service and always a happy customer. Thanks BB's!
It was another meeting of the Tuesday Lunch Club..and we decided on BB's.. We met there at 1100, and were the second group to be seated after they opened..its a good thing we chose to go what is a little earlier than normal for us, because this place got packed FAST.. We started on the real business of ordering drinks, 4 bacon bloody marys, a red wine, and a blueberry something..we were ALL super happy with the bloody marys..the blueberry drink made its rounds around the table for all of us to try and it was a resounding WOW ..thats so strong..even the bartender came over and said ..thats strong right? After we looked at the menu, talked, laughed, and embarassed the waiter a few times (were just like that) we ordered..I opted for a chicken sandwhich that included mushrooms and ham and horseradish mayo..and also shared a fried green tomato "blt" with one of the group..the fried green tomaotes were really good..really really good..it has a bacon marmalade on it that sets off all the flavors perfectly..now the sandwhich..meh..the chicken itself was too small for the bread it was on, making it kind of  messy to eat, the chicken was on the dry side, and the horseradish and mushrooms were almost non exsistant..among other things ordered at the table were two different salads, one of which was the goat cheese, and she said it was awesome..there was a steak with siracha mashed potatoes that was very much enjoyed, and two other sanwhiches that were just alright.. During the meal our servier check on us what seemed like a perfect amount, not too often but we werent looking for him either..one of the times he came by he asked did we need more drinks..OF COURSE we needed more drinks LOL..well three of us ordered another bacon bloody mary..and we were told that..GASP..they were out of the mix..that was really disappointing..we chose other drinks, a moscow mule, a cucumber mojito, and a cosmopolitan..my friend with the cosmo said that it was a touch too strong and she didnt finish it.. We then went over to the dessert display to order our sweet treats..to go at this point, as most of us were full..i got the triple chocolate cake with buttercream frosting and it was out.of.this.world!! The price point is a bit high for the sandwhich i had, but that wouldnt stop me from going back..i certainly hope they restock better with that bloody mary mix tho!!
They really do live up to their stellar reputation! You'll first notice that the menu arrives on a clipboard because they change the menu daily. This and the fact that they have their own garden makes me think that they take the idea of using fresh ingredients seriously. Our waiter was genuinely enthusiastic about serving us and was a great guide throughout our dinner. We started with the Duck wonton appetizer and it really set the tone for an impressive meal experience. It was out of this world delicious!! Our next course of Beef tenderloin with gnocchi and fava beans was even better. The sauce was rich, the gnocchi was heavenly soft, and the tenderloin was cooked to perfection (we did medium rare). We ended the night with their famous bread pudding and savored every last bite. This place can be a little pricey but it is WORTH IT.
I took my wife to this quirky, out-of-the-way place on September 6th. Parking is a BIG problem. Parking lot is too small and there are huge warning signs in all the adjacent lots about parking in their lots even when the businesses are closed for the day. Also, it's not in a great part of town. It's not far from the San Marco entertaiment district but I don't think you'd want to walk to/from.  But... What a wonderful place. Saturday night at 7 PM it was fairly crowded but we didn't wait for our table. If you're looking for a quiet, intimate conversation, this is probably not the place. Our table was within 18" of the table next to ours. But so what? My wife tried a Moscow Mule which had a strong ginger taste and came in an iced, tin cup. I stuck with a tried and tested diet Coke which came accompanied by the can. We decided to try some "Little B's";  small tasting dishes. We had a tomato/mozzarella in bread dish, a hummus with olive tampenade and then something called a fried green tomato BLT; three fried green tomator slices along with a delicious bacon sauce. We, of course had to try the desserts. I'm a sucker for a good bread pudding and as the other reviews said, this place was the best. I think it's true that it's made with croissants. She had a peanut-butter/chocolate torte thingy that had about six lbs of candied peanuts piled on top. I tasted it and it was ok, not great. Seemed a little freezer burned but the chocolate was R-I-C-H. It was all very artsely served with drizzles of colorful sauces. The place isn't cheap- the bill without tip for the three little B's, desserts and drink was about $70. But we'll definitely be back.
This place is amazing. You have to try the deserts, they re just rediculous.
Exceptionally delicious fare!  I was a tad underwhelmed with some of the appetizer options, and there did not seem to be a plethora of dinner options.  Though, they did have a pizza selection that looked intriguing.  And sandwiches that looked really spectacular!   I wasn't as thrilled with the recommended wine with my duck, either.  It did not really pair too well, I found.  But, the duck was insanely good.  The cocktails were also quite delicious, and I'd recommend their seasonal options for sure. I'd come back, probably try some new things.  It was very good, probably some of the best Jacksonville has to offer.  A little more here and there and they are a five-star place.
This has been my go to place for brunch. You can taste the freshness in the food and drink. Another local restaurant that buys fresh ingredients that isn't massed produced , but organically sourced foods.
Great atmosphere. Great food.  Great drinks.  What more can I say? Fresh flowers in the men's bathroom.   Bartender is super friendly and provides great service.
I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday specifically to try the creme brulee. He loves creme brulee, and it was my mission to find a restaurant that had an awesome one. I think that I accomplished my mission, because the creme brulee was delicious. We sat at the bar and our bartender was very friendly and helped to make the experience there a great one. We definitely want to return to actually try the food, so I am sure I will be updating this once we do so.
Wine Down Wednesday at III Forks is truly fantastic. Great wine and great atmosphere. The setting is beautiful and a table outside, weather permitting, is highly recommend. Their patio is the perfect way to enjoy III Forks.
BB's is a classic. The entrees are good but the main event is always and will always be the desserts. If you go, keep in mind that dessert is where it's at. The wine selection isn't bad either. The service can be a bit snobby sometimes. Also, it can be loud in there when it is super crowded.   However, generally I am happy with BB's.
My favorite restaurant in Jax! Delicious food with a lot of different options to choose from. Their salads are some of the best I've ever had, and their entrees are always changing and are always delicious. The staff is very nice (except one person, but it was late and maybe he had a bad night). The atmosphere is very casual but still elegant. The dessert options are unmatched in Jax. If you can come here, don't pass it up!
4 stars at best. Don't get me wrong the experience was wonderful. But there was something lacking. From all the dishes I tried - bacon Bloody Mary, crab cake, breakfast pizza and cheesecake. Had a fun conversation, the music genres played were jazz and psychedelic. Presentation was good as well. But it felt that every dish lacked an item or that taste.
My girlfriend and I started off with the Bacon  Bloody Mary. We were both impressed with the flavor of the bacon infused vodka and the candied bacon around the rim. We shared the crab cakes as an appetizer. They were very fresh and similar to a hush puppy. No complaints, yet. For my entree, I had the pan seared Mahi Mahi served on top of green beans, mushrooms, gnocchi and a white cream sauce. The flavor was underwhelming and the portion was actually too large. I expect vibrant flavors and proper portions when I'm paying for fine dinning. I'm sure some will disagree, preferring large portions of food for larger prices. My girlfriend had the beer cheese soup and the warm goat cheese salad. Once again, the portions were very large and she was left desiring certain flavors. The soup was a large bowl of cheese and the salad was a big bowl of lettuce with a small portion of goat cheese in pieces of baguette. To end on a positive note, the service was very good. Our waiter didn't linger and was available when we needed him. I don't believe we will be visiting BB's in the near future.
It's a cute place walking into and the hostess was very sweet and welcoming. The place was empty, but then again we were here for lunch. The menu came in a clipboard which was creative, and the wine list is extended (my favorite kind). The food was Okay. I wouldn't go crazy calling it amazing. We ordered the almond crusted calamari, which looked bland when it came and was covered in this unknown white sauce. It was okay, not the best calamari I've had. What was a bit disappointing was that there were more crunchy noodle bits in the calamari than the calamari. My sister ordered some type of cheese bread, but it was weird because the cheese was not inside the bread--it was in between the slices of bread. My entree was the turkey sandwich with a side of field greens salad (covered in some more white dressing, it was kind of spicy). The sandwich was Good, and very filling. I was only able to finish half of it at the restaurant. What really disappointed us on this visit, besides the dry waiter, was the dessert. When you walk in the first thing you see is the display of huge desserts---which is great! I was looking forward to the dessert! The cakes are HUGE. I ordered the triple chocolate cake and my sister the carrot cake to go. So when we got back to our place, I go for the cake and the chocolate cake (the Triple chocolate cake) tastes like Nothing. NOTHING. There is NO flavor!! It was so bizarre!! After a few bites, I couldn't anymore and had to get rid of the tasteless cake. I didn't think you could make chocolate cake bland. My sister's carrot cake, however, was delicious. Go figure. So be prepared for some spicy unknown white dressing over some food and salad and bland tasteless chocolate cake. Food was spicy which was different. That's it.
I've been to BB's a few times now, once for dinner, once for lunch, and happened to catch them out and about at One Spark. The latter was definitely prompted me to finally write the review. I do remember most of the dishes we've had in our experience here thou. The Bellini Martini was sweet, strong and peachy delicious. They throw in a rock candy stir as a sweet added treat.   For dinner, we started with the almost crusted calamari... and it was amazing. So lightly crusted and the tangerine cream sauce had a curry taste to it, and it was different, and perfectly paired with the tender calamari. I remember I ordered a fish dish, but I didn't care for it, so I swapped with Adam's dish (think it was short ribs?) and that hit the spot. Lamb burger for lunch was pretty good, as well as the bacon bloody mary... But the thing that really blew my mind was the Koren BBQ Philly cheese they featured on the street at One Spark. Melt-in-yo-mouth, perfectly seasoned meat with kimchi cheese wiz (WHAT!!),and it seemed like sesame fried onions on top of a soft and tasty bun. I looked on the regular and did not see it, so seriously Yeeps, if you ever see this on the menu, please order it and then call me.  We ate at the BB's tent twice at One Spark, this sandwich was so f-ing good! (There was a little more cheesy goodness on it Thurs, as opposed to Friday, but still fantastic.) I miss it already...
I tried the 'pasta with ground meat' entree. I was surprised. I can buy home cooked meals for a lot less than $23. I didn't find this an inspiring meal. Ok as far as comfort food goes. This place must have the trendy aura going for it because the meal I had doesn't make me want to return to try the other selections.
The food was great! The staff was awesome. Clean restaurant. Good atmosphere. I could actually have a conversation with out needing to yell.  Will be back for sure.
My husband and I stopped in for dinner on a Friday night. Place was busy which is a great sign. We made reservations ahead of time through yelp (love that feature). We had one drink at the bar (Moscow mule, our favorite) and then our table was ready. I started with the shrimp bisque.  Very tasty and large. I would of been fine ordering a side salad for dinner, because I was very content after the soup. For dinner, my husband had pasta with chicken and sausage.  He said it was tasty, yet very simple.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  I had the streak filet.  Meat was tender, but it had an odd flavor for my liking. He thought it tasted like chocolate, but I think it tasted how an old persons house smells. Our service was top notch. We did pass on dessert, although all of their dessert options look amazing.  Great atmosphere.  Look forward to returning.
I was once relegated to thinking that Jacksonville only has three or four "5-star" restaurants. After a pleasant evening at BB's, I happily can say we have one more. Drinks: I had gin and juice and to be honest my money wasn't on my mind at all. Its official, Gin has won me over as a viable alternative to beer. The three different cocktails I had here were all delicious and mostly Gin based, I think I'm ready to hang with Snoop now. Appetizers: The ALMOND CRUSTED CALAMARI has the PALEGUY STAMP OF APPROVAL. Are you having a bad hair day? Did you cat puke on your favorite blouse? Is your mother-in-law calling you complaining how you fold you laundry, or did the cable go out in the middle of your favorite Honey Boo Boo episode? I have an immediate solution, come to BB's and order this dish. It is almost perfect. The creamy curry sauce accents the perfectly cooked calamari so wonderfully. I have dreams about it .... embarrassing dreams. Main Course: I ordered the pork shank ossu buco and was shanked in the tummy heart by this thing. It was one of those rare occasions where I feel I didn't pay enough for it at $30. They leave the bone with marrow in (AS THE FOOD GODS INTENDED.) Both men in our party ordered this meal and we went to town on the marrow like a ... insert previously used joke here. Served on a bed of truffle white bean fondue, red wine braised cabbage and orange gremolata. Dessert: BB's signature bread pudding rightfully earns its place as their flagship dessert. I literally started taking a fork to this before the waiter had even placed it completely down in front of me (I tend to do this with drinks too.) I am a bread pudding fiend. I found it delicious and well, I kind of swallowed the thing, it didn't last long. It was mixed well, proper proportions of raisins, had that wonderfully french toast taste with hints of vanilla.
Great place for lunch, head over early or make a reservation.  Steak sandwich is always good and the cesear with the Wahoo was excellent. Infused tea needs no sugar substitute and the desserts are famously good, haven't had a bad one yet.
The food was great here. The pizza was really good. I had a pasta, which was solid, but a friend had the bacon wrapped duck, which was fantastic. You would think it would be greasy, but it wasn't. It was still pink on the inside if that's not your cup of tea. The bread pudding desert was excellent. It was croissant bread pudding, so you can imagine how rich it was. The service was also very good. The woman running the place, dark hair and young, was great as well. She came to grab us outside to tell us about other places to go from there for nightlife, we were visiting. Definitely recommend going to this place.
I've never posted a yelp  but couldn't be happier to do my first for bb's.   As soon as Bo explained the menu with such enthusiasm, I knew we were in for a great experience. The food exceeded expectations and the dessert could not be denied.   Skip the chains in JAX  and visit bb's!   Casual but don't wear your golf hat...to any restaurant for that matter.
We love that they are open all day. Very relaxing atmosphere. Unique menu. The duck wonton appetizer is to die for and we basically licked the plate! We got the truffle pizza but added a roasted garlic sauce/paste and asked for it without mushrooms or arugula... So good! Fast, friendly service. Great wine selections. Salt shakers were crusty and had moisture in them, need to be cleaned. Server was a little unsure about some of our general questions and her table maintenance could improve.
I went here for an early Mother's Day dinner. I had the swordfish and mom had the snapper. Both were fantastic. Enjoying the atmosphere over good food and cocktails, we had a great evening. The meal was great. I can't wait to do a date night here or another special meal.
Oh man!  This has long been my fav in Jacksonville!  I have been going here forever, the place is super cute, small, romantic.  The food is always good, really I dont think I have ever had a bad meal here.  The menu changes seasonally i believe. You absolutely have to get dessert here, the bread pudding is so ridiculously good, just get it!
Excellent restaurant slightly off the beaten path. Very busy make a reservation. Great food and superb desserts. Nice prix fixe specials.
love this place
Great food, great wine, great service. I've been here a few times and every time is better than the last. They've got a variety of price ranges on their menu, from $15 - $40. They have great specials too!
Grouper was excellent light and well prepared.  They had a great selection of wines to compliment the meal. The deserts were amazing, and all the rave reviews for the bread pudding are well deserved,
A friend recommended this place and we were not disappointed.  Our server, Brianna, was fantastic. The Moscow mules were served in copper mugs and the  almond-crusted calamari  appetizer was divine. I had the scallops and Billy had the bacon-wrapped filet. Both were delicious and just the right portions. As for dessert, I had the carrot cake and Billy had a chocolate/peanut butter creation. Simply awesome and so big we had to take leftover dessert home.  Will be back!
Staff is extremely friendly and the desserts are amazing. The entrees were interesting...I have a feeling they're either really good or not at all. I had the duck which I liked although it was slightly chewy. My boyfriend had the jambalaya pizza and he said it was really good. Dessert-wise we had the bread pudding which I loved and the tiramisu which was also amazing. It was a bit pricey so I'm not sure if I'd go back. Usually, the more I spend on food the more I need to be impressed to return; I'm still not sure the amount I spent was worth the meal I had.
Yum, yum, yum. I wish there were more places like it in Jacksonville. Great selection for all courses. And yes, the bread pudding is that good.
What's best at BB's? Everything! You can't go wrong. Or at least, I can't. We're coming in to the last part of the 'season' where our Teal Deals are still valid, and BB's is one I always one I like to use while I can. When we played Teal Deal Roulette, BB's was the winner. Last minute reservation on a Saturday night, we'll take it! Needed a cocktail & they had one of my favorites on the menu: Moscow Mule. Great balance of ingredients and served in the classic copper mug. Night was off to a great start. When the waiter came around and I noticed they also had the stuffed bruschetta on the menu like their sister, I was sold. It was just as good as Biscotti's, but I remember that one being slightly bigger and covered in the mix of tomatoes, basil and pine nuts that makes up their bruschetta. Still not a crumb on the plate though. For my entree, I went with one of the specials. Their 'surf & turf' had caught my attention. Red wine braised shortrib and scallops with housemade potato gnocchi, roasted brussels sprouts, and portobello mushroom ragout. I'm not a fan of the mushroom. I don't mind when they're cooked in something to add that umami flavor, but I can't deal with the texture. I didn't eat all of them, but I did have one or two. However, I did eat every other morsel of nourishment that was on the plate. From every last shred of short rib to every last leaf of the brrussels sprouts. As I neared the end of my entree & my husband was still working on his, I decided to go uptown with an Uptown Manhattan. Somehow we magically saved room for dessert. What was the magic wheel going to stop on now? Flourless Rocky Road. The Red Velvet Cake usually calls my name, but I wanted something different. There was a large beautiful circle of chocolate staring back at me. When I asked what it was, I learned it was a Flourless Rocky Road cake. SOLD! My inner fat kid loves cake. What does it love more? Chocolate! Each bite melted on my tongue and filled in whatever crevices of space were possibly still left in my stomach. While I sometimes wish I could go more, I'm ok with my once a year visit. My wallet and my waistline appreciate it even more.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere and lighting of BB's.  The wait staff was attentive and nice.  The entree that I had was a jambalaya pizza and while the flavor in the toppings were great, the crust was disappointing.  My companion had a chicken special of the day and she also said that her main course was just ok.  The croissant bread pudding was amazing and I would come back to this place on the merits of the atmosphere and dessert alone.  Hopefully next time my entree will be better.
I was in the area for a wedding this past weekend and needed to find a place for lunch. My friend was vegan and gluten-free and after giving this place a call, they had separate menus so we were headed out to check it out. There weren't that many options of this side of the river--our hotel was right outside of what was considered "downtown." I decided to get the Thai chicken pizza because I wanted something a little heavier. The pizza for one was great and normally I'm so wedded to Yelp reviews--glad I went off the script for this one.
Upon arriving at the restaurant we were promptly greeted by the hostess.  We were in a party of 4 and were promptly given a table.   The menu:  a lot of variety, not really my style but none the less there as options to make due. Value:  price to food ratio was good.  You received a decent amount of food for the price paid.   Food:  I ordered crab cakes for appetizer and then sandwich for dinner.  Both tasted very good and I was not disappointed. Desert:  OMG, the choices at this location are INCREDIBLE, if you are a desert person you will not be disappointed.  We ordered the chocolate cake, bread pudding and orea moose cheesecake - did I mention INCREDIBLE. Service:  The waiter was very energetic and answered all of our questions.  I did not have to ask for refills they were provided without us having to ask.  He spent his time explaining the menu choices and his favorites and why they were his favorites.
I'm a fan. I had bb's bookmarked for quite a while now and finally got past my preconception that this is a snob hangout. I'm glad I went because it is very rarely I go to a restaurant that exceeds an already high expectation (induced by yelp reviews and pics) to be awesome. I stopped in for lunch and the restaurant is nice and cozy (I could imagine a romantic diner here). Service was pretty good as the lady taking orders kinda gave me the rundown of options for lunch.  After much deliberating I ordered the Jambalaya pizza and a slice of coconut cake. I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say this pizza was perfect. That has to be one of the best pizzas I've ever had. Shrimp and chicken toppings were seasoned to perfection. Bites of shrimp Kinda tasted like I was eating a shrimp po boy. It was a little pricey at $13 but I'd pay $13 for that pizza any day. With the cake my order came to $23.  That is the only negative I can think of. The cake also was pretty good. This place is LEGIT.
Nice looking restaurant, attentive wait staff, varied menu and relaxed atmosphere. Delicious food served by friendly and knowledgeable staff.   I overheard the waiter patiently answer every question from a nearby table about ingredients,  menu options, the wine list etc. etc.  (a couple of mothers and five - 20 something girls eating after a spa day). The steak sandwich served with caesar salad was excellent (I would have been happy with a bowl of the croutons served on the salad).  The bread on the sandwich was light textured with a great crunch. Desert was good, and the coffee was piping hot and piled high with foam.
I only stopped in here for a quick bite so I am not much of an expert on this place- however- what I did have was delicious. BB's RestaurantIt was a busy weekday afternoon around lunchtime and I walked into this tiny little unassuming place in the Riverwalk neighborhood of Jacksonville.  Most of the 20 or so tables were filled with business workers on their lunch hours, laughing and talking over White Truffle Pizza and Grilled Cajun Shrimp Salad.  I always say you can tell how great a place is by the lunch crowds.  In an area of Jacksonville filled with all types of dining options, having a full house is a great indication that BB's is a local favorite. I grabbed an empty seat at the bar and was immediately greeted by the bartender.  I had already done my research online and knew exactly what I was going to order- the Fried Green Tomato Sandwich.  Fried Green Tomatoes are such a Southern thing.  I know, Florida isn't exactly a true Southern state as we have so many transplants from the North that move here.  Florida is a true melting pot of cultures in America.  However, Jacksonville is only about 30 miles from the Georgia border and I consider Georgia to be a real Southern state, therefore, I felt that ordering Fried Green Tomatoes in Jacksonville was a very Southern thing to do. Anyways, my sandwich arrived rather quickly.  I have to admit, I was disappointed that the bread was so.....thick.  However, once I had my first bite my mouth exploded with flavor.  The tomatoes were meaty and thick and the roasted pepper and olive relish made everything tangy and robust.  This was a perfectly light but hearty sandwich for lunch. All the sandwiches are served with a side- your choice of field greens, a caeser salad, a fruit and nut couscous salad or parmesan herb fries.  I chose the caeser as I think how the salad is prepared says a lot about a place too.  I liked it- not too creamy, not too vinegary and it went nicely with the pungent mix of flavors in the sandwich. BB's JacksonvilleI can only base my rating on one sandwich and my only complaint would be that the prices are a little high.  I saw a cheese and tomato pizza on the menu for $11, a turkey sandwich for $10, the same as my fried green tomato fare.  A little expensive for lunch in my opinion but like I said, the place was packed so no one else seemed to mind.
Delicious!  Definitely worth a try.   I had the Ancho Spiced Rotisserie Turkey: Bread - Was perfect.  It was ciabatta bread that wasn't done too crunchy, but perfectly airy with a crisp on the outside. Substance - Overall came together very well!  The sandwich was perfectly balanced and wasn't dry at all.   Environment - Was great.  perfect for a small group of date.  Mild lighting with good decor. Dessert - I didn't get any, because I was too full.  But I will be going back to try the Bread Pudding.  Everyone else raved about it, and the waitress seemed to be quite excited about it too.  For next time :) Overall, pretty good for Jacksonville!
You won't find a nicer lunch at BB's price point anywhere in Jacksonville. Their salads are humongous and incredibly delicious. Their Duck wonton Napoleon will blow your mind. Their desserts are amazing! At lunch time the pricing is really reasonable for a high end restaurant. At dinner they have full on upscale pricing. The dinner food is definitely good enough to justify the price. Check this place out for sure!
nice place.
Nice surprise. I did not eat, but the menu looks interesting. I stopped in just to see if they had an interesting beer or two. I was not disappointed, as there were several local brews on hand (in cans). Pleasant and efficient service.
I really like it here wait for more later...ok food wonderful and service better ask for Rick and tell him Rick sent you!                         That and $6 will get you coffee at Starbucks...but he will say welcome "Yelper"
Yesterday was a revelation. I think I finally found a few good restaurants in JAX! It's about time! I went to BB's for the first time ever, and couldn't be happier to try a few appetizers for our dinner. The decor was chic and the food was great. I am a happy ex-New Yorker. I went with the boyfriend and got the special pork belly pizza, tuna tartar and bruschetta appetizer to share. We were originally planning to get 5 appetizers as our dinner, but the good portioned dishes were more than we could handle! We started with the tartar. It was tangy and flavorful and had a good combination of textures between the tuna and the crunchy crostinis. The fish was OK (for JAX standards)- nothing too spectacular, but it definitely was better than the other raw fish we've had in the JAX area. The pizza was a bit salty, but I guess that's what you get when you have a pizza with pork belly all over. It tasted more like a vietnamese sandwich on a pizza- which reminded me of all the good asian food I am missing out by being in JAX! So this one was definitely a fave. A little salty, but still a good-y. The bruschetta was my least favorite. A roll of bread with some mozzarella melted in between slices, the ingredients were fresh, but the flavors were underwhelming. I would steer away from it next time I visit. I unfortunately only got to try 3 dishes, but am very happy to find the San Marco dining district! I can't wait to try more and come back to BB's!
Always happy with the food, service, and desserts. Did I mention the drinks? AWESOME.
It's a Monday night around 6:30 PM and the place was packed. I got the last parking place, no valet. The inside was busy and looked quite full. Luckily there were a few people leaving as we walked in so we had a short 15 minute wait. The ambiance is modern and hip, nice decor and vibrant vibe. The food was very good, not spectacular like so many reviews here state. I had the special that happened to be pork this evening, again good but nothing to write home about. The shrimp bisque was quite nice as was the caesar salad. This place in kind of out of the way and not in the most happening of spots, buts thats okay.  The service was a tad on the slow side and took a while for the waiter to get back to us. He told us that this place is busy every night so they must be doing something right.
Great food and atmosphere. Make a reservation because it tends to fill up fast. Small bar area too so you can grab a seat there too. You can't go wrong with the nightly specials, but my favorite menu item is the skirt steak, comes with chorizo mashed potatoes - sooo good! And you can't come here without getting something out of the dessert case. The bread pudding is out of this world. It is made with croissants and is sinful. Plan on sharing because it is so rich! The pineapple upside down cheesecake is my light and refreshing option, but also amazing! My husband and I have been known to drive from Baymeadows to BB's just to get a bread pudding!
Dinner at the bar this eve -- and it was disappointing.  If you're going to serve a duck breast, it better be something other than flabby meat with improperly seared skin.  I order duck for flavor.  This was as bland as I've ever been served it (and I've had a lot of f-ing duck). I think this place might be fine for flat-breads at the bar -- which I noticed everyone else was eating, so unless that's what I want, I won't be going back.  Another thing:  I ordered the "signature" manhattan (or whatever it was called on the menu, "Uptown" I think) and it was supposed to be with Knob Creek, and the bartender sub'd in Makers (which was sitting right next to the Knob, WTF?).  Uh, not cool for someone who knows his bourbon.  Again, I don't expect to return.
I was in town for the weekend and Yelp'd this joint out. It's an intimate spot so it doesn't accommodate too many big groups. However, the food selections are unique and fantastic. The lamb appetizer is sooooo delicious. They also have a great selection of desserts.
Go just to drool at the dessert selection, cakes in all favors are the size of your head! This is a fine dining establishment with ingredients well paired. The pizzas are delish as was the fish lunch special. Service a bit slow but it was lunch rush hour.
4 stars thanks to the bacon Bloody Mary, above average service, and delicious crab cakes appetizer. The main dishes, however, left a lot to be desired for both me and my date, and the lady behind the dessert counter was rushed and rude, so we went somewhere else for dessert.
I don't know who in our party suggested this place but boy am I glad they did!! We were a party of four and we were on the hunt for a place that stayed open a bit late where we could still enjoy a nice meal. bb's is open on Friday's until midnight. We made a reservation just to be on the safe side. We were seated within moments of arriving. I loved the look and feel of the place, the waitstaff was personable, professional and VERY good at their job. We asked and she shared her personal favorites but to be honest, after eating at bb's, I'm not sure you could go wrong with ANYTHING you pick. Duck confit wonton - amazing combinations of savory, creamy and crunchy! A definite win! Stuffed mozzarella bruschetta - delicious! One person at our table, who didn't like tomatoes, loved this WITH the tomatoes! Different presentation of bruschetta but very, very tasty. I got to sample the pork tenderloin and the angus beef filet dinners and both were very good and the individuals who ordered the meals were VERY happy. I ordered the red grouper with fingerling potatoes, crab, fennel salad. Looks like with this dish, the fish option may change. Either way, the fish was cooked perfectly and the ingredients combined to make an amazing and VERY filling meal! I was stuffed and very satisfied. We couldn't resist dessert but we had to take it "to go" because we were full. The dessert display is so enticing!!! Once our waitress said that the bread pudding was the best she'd ever had, I knew I was getting that. I LOVE bread pudding and it was amazing AND a substantial portion. A slice of carrot cake was also ordered and I heard about how good it was the rest of the weekend so it didn't' disappoint either. On top of all that, Fred Durst and a group of people were at the table behind us! We were in town to enjoy a two day rock festival and Limp Bizkit was performing so that was a cool celebrity sighting. If only we had the nerve to say hi or ask for an autograph! We totally got him in a background picture though so I'll upload those pics when I upload the food pics. All and all, we had awesome service, amazing food and a fantastic atmosphere. I wish this restaurant was located in Charleston!! A trip to Jacksonville will have to include a return visit to this gem of an establishment.
Excellent gluten-free offerings!  GF Pizza was great. Also had GF desserts.  Would give 5 stars but they did not have GF beer-- cider is not a GF beer!
To paraphrase another reviewer: fabulous food, great service, mid-to-upscale atmosphere, attractive waitstaff, and a reassuring mix of young and older in the crowd.  Yes, bb's is doing it right. You can find bb's tucked away in a location that makes it feel like a hidden gem.  Perfect for a date.  It's a small place, relatively.  When I sidled in at 7:00 on a Tuesday night, the place was already jumping.     My dinner was wonderful.  No question, someone in the kitchen has the touch.  I went light and had a salmon salad and a full-bodied glass of Simi cabernet.  The salad was delicious with mixed greens, pesto and a tasty vinaigrette on the side, topped with a slab of warm, buttery salmon.   Truly I have found my place for dinner in Jacksonville.  Now to bring some people from work down here and show them my discovery.
I loved this restaurant. It's a cool wine restaurant with a relaxed atmosphere. The crowd really ranged from the very young to the elderly. My girlfriends and I shared a bunch of bottles of wine that were reasonably priced. I ordered the ancho spiced rotisserie turkey sandwich and let me tell you, as someone who doesn't particularly love turkey, it was so delicious. I was a little upset I couldn't take my left overs home with me. They have a dessert area that have the best looking cakes and desserts that I have ever seen. If I didn't fill up on my dinner I would have made a purchase. Definitely show up to this place ready to eat some delicious food.
I've never eaten anything at bb's that I didn't thoroughly enjoy. Because the food is a little pricey, we only make it there about once a month (or, if my mom is treating us). You definitely pay for quality over quantity, as I've heard many complain about the portion sizes of certain dishes. The waitstaff has always been immaculate, and I had the great pleasure of meeting the head chef and photographing some of his best dishes. Believe your waiter when they say that a lot of the natural ingredients come from the roof! The rooftop garden is lovely! My favorite thing about bb's is the desserts. My mom calls me every now and then to just grab some bread pudding and chat. A perfect, delicious treat on a nice afternoon! Do yourself a favor and go on a date here one night. (I would avoid weekday lunch-hour unless you have some time.)
My kinda place!  I love wine.  I love bistros.  I love locally owned places.  5 stars. To start, they have Rose', which is my obsession since I went to France last year.  Started out with a bottle of that and was excited to try the menu offerings.  We ordered the Duck Wontons and Tuna Tartar as starters and were impressed with both.  The Duck Wontons really do melt in your mouth.  My sister and I decided to split the White Pizza and Goat Cheese Salad for dinner.  Even though the waitress split our salad in half, the portions were still huge and both items were really really good. Some of the items on the menu were a bit on the pricey side, however, this would definitely be a great date night spot as there is a romantic vibe to it.  Super cute atmosphere, nice wait staff, wine a'flowing.  I'm a fan.
Nice environment and nice service. But the food is little bit disappointing. Me and my bf ordered the fixed menu. 25 dollars with appetizer, main course, and desert. I have to say only the desert is worth the price. The pasta is blend. The chicken is similar to what you get from any supermarket. If you want to go there, try the desert, but don't try the fixed menu. Wish you have a great dinner!
We went to BB's on a Friday night, and were happy to be able to get in at a normal time having made the reservation the same day.  The food was great, the service was decent, and it was a nice atmosphere for a night out - would not recommend it as a romantic or date place, as it is kind of loud and the tables are close together. We started off with the mozzarella stuffed bruschette.  It was fantastic - fresh slices of mozz melted in between the slices of bread, with really fresh tomatoes on top.  I want to try to make this at home. It looks like their dinner specials change regularly, but I had the scallops and my husband ordered the wild boar osso bucco.  He said his was amazing.  Mine was delicious, but very small - it normally comes with sausage, and since I don't eat that I ordered mine without - likely why it seemed very very light.   They have a huge array of freshly made desserts, but we wetn with classic chocolate cake - it was really tasty, not too rich or heavy. We will definitely be back.
I highly recommend this place. I went there twice this week while on a business trip in Jacksonville. Everything is really good and this is the kind of place that has a soul. Their ingredients choices are smart as they go for the quality, you can definitely taste it. I just ate the duck with white bean puree and ratatouille, it was really nice. The duck was cooked perfectly !
Found this place randomly through yelp. Do yourself a favor and try it out. Steak sandwich was awesome and the handmade bourbon for my manhattan was a special treat. Great food and service.
bb's has such great reviews on Yelp that we knew we would have to check it out!!  We made reservations for a Friday night.  They did a great business the entire time we were there so I think reservations are a great idea. We tried their bruschetta which was awesome.  Its not like your normal bruschetta, it was like a loaf of bread with cheese melted inside the slices and the tomatoes were sprinkled on top.  It was delish!!  I ordered their nightly pasta special which was ok - not knock your socks off awesome like I was hoping.  My hubby had one of their fish specials and he said it was really good.  We couldn't pass up dessert which more than made up for the good but not awesome pasta.   I'm tempted to give this place 5 stars but I want to come back and try another dish.  I don't eat fish, so that really limits my options but I think bb's can do better than the pasta I tried.
Quality food, great service, trendy, mid-to-upscale atmosphere, attractive waitstaff. My mom, sister, and I were driving through Jacksonville on a road trip and we were in need of a good sit-down meal to offset all those miles of Arby's and Burger King.  After a quick perusal of the Yelp reviews, I brought them here.  Good job, Yelp. Sensing that this place had a bit of a Mediterranean flair, we started off with a Hummus platter, which I highly recommend.  The Shrimp Bisque soup was good, super creamy and a little sweet.  I wasn't crazy about my Minestrone, but they serve it with some thin toast covered in melted cheese.  Delicious. Based on the reviews, I recommended my mom get the Warm Goat Cheese Salad.  This was definitely the best dish on the table.  Savory, smooth, slightly sweet chunks of goat cheese baked into little pieces of soft bread.  I had a Cajun Shrimp Salad, which was decent.  They grilled the shrimp perfectly, and the dressing was great.  My sister got a very juicy, tender Bistro Steak Sandwich. Oh, and maybe it was all the truckstop bathrooms we'd become accustomed to, but I found the facilities to be particularly regal. And when the check came, even that was pleasant.  Will definitely stop by again next roadtrip!
We visited BB's while in town for a conference. There are a lot of creative dishes on the menu and for that I definitely have some respect. However, my  experience here left a little to be desired. I could see how they may have just been having an off night so I left my rating at 3 stars. The appetizers were great and for that I will certainly give BB some credit. The almond crusted calamari and duck confit wonton dishes are definitely a little outside the box and with out a doubt tasty. Try them! For our entrees we had the pan seared crusted North Carolina flounder with fingering potatoes, leeks, lump crab bernaise, and BB's fennel salad with truffle caper vinagrette. This dish was decent and definitely more enjoyable than the double cut 16oz pork chop. Unfortunately the pork chop came out rare, still pink in the middle and of course when we asked them to fire it a bit longer it came back dry and way overcooked. The collard green cornbread gets an 'E' for effort but overall the combination didn't do it for me. This was surprising considering I love both ingredients respectively and I thought they would be a match made and heaven. Not so. Our server experience was lackluster as well and when you are paying fine dining prices the service should match. I don't mind paying money for good food and service but it just wasn't the case on the night we visited. With a smile and a little bit of effort our waiter could have definitely done his best raise this rating. Oh well...maybe if I'm ever in Jacksonville again I will have the opportunity to give this spot another chance because it deserves it.
Wife and I love Biscotti's and have been there numerous times. So we have been curious to try BB's (same owners) . We went there on a Monday evening and it had a good crowd for being a Monday night. We had Mezze appetizer (hummus, pesto and salso) with warm flat bread and chips. Was really good, but what stood out were the full of flavor and delicious Steak Bistro Sandwiches. The desserts are same as Biscottis (which is perfect). We were in a rush so we will definitely be back to try more entree type dishes as we saw other patrons meals that looked amazing.
We actually enjoyed it. The food is good and nicely presented. Definitely worth the money.
Very impressed!  The ambiance was pleasant, the food was amazing, and the wine was good!  The service was a little on the slow side, but everything else made up for it. Plus, they even split the main course for us into two lovely plates.  I thoroughly enjoyed my time there.
I tried the goat cheese salad after reading the reviews. Oh em gee. So delish. The warm honey vinagrette - seriously? Whomever thought to put that on a salad was genuis! The have a great $25 pre fix menu that includes an appetizer (that  turned out to be a wimpy salad), entree and dessert. But for the price, it was great. I'm removing a star because although it's atmospheric, it was hard to have a conversation with the noise level. The tables are so close my servers kept leaning over me to move around the tables. Maybe it was a one-time gig, maybe the guy at the table next to me had a really big gut or something. Also - I asked to swap half a chicken breast for the prosciutto on my salad. (I don't eat any pork products.) They charged me extra. I really think that's crappy because I'm pretty sure prosciutto costs a lot more than plain old chicken. They made up for it with bread pudding. Redemption, thy name is dessert.
Ok, so perhaps I stumped the server when I asked for the southwest chicken quesedilla without the chicken and cheese. . . Usually chefs figure it out even if the servers cannot.   My job is to give them a challenge. . .something different in their day--see what they come up with.   Well, what they came up with was black beans, corn with sauce toasted in a tortilla with a mixed green salad and polenta on the side.  Wow!!  This was a meal that had many great bites throughout!  I was really impressed with the creativity and flavor of the meal.
I came here with coworkers recently but it seems I enjoyed it here the most. I really enjoyed the appetizer which was polenta with blue cheese dipping sauce ($9) static.px.yelp.com/bphot…. It was presented in a building-like form that reminded of that scene in 50 First Dates where Drew Barrymore's character is building houses with her pancakes. This was my first time (actually for several of us) trying polenta, which is really just a fancy word for cornmeal. Lol. This was a tad overpriced, however. I would charge more like $7 for this appetizer. We had an awesome waiter, by the way. I gave him a hard time with the Fish-only Fridays I was doing for Lent, and he was the one who suggested I try the asian-style fish salad. static.px.yelp.com/bphot… My main dish was more worth its price of $11.50. The asian style tuna salad featured singed sushi-style tuna. It also included lettuce (of course), ginger-wasabi sauce (o my goodness!! delicious!), nuts, carrots, rice noodles, and crunchy noodles. Soda was $2. For this visit, 3.5 rounded up. I've been here for their desserts before, and I remember being thoroughly pleased with one of their cakes static.px.yelp.com/bphot…. I also had an awesome special which was a mediterranean influenced dish static.px.yelp.com/bphot…. I can't remember what the heck it was now, except that it reminded me of a different kind of eggroll and had tzaziki sauce for dipping.
I love BB's. Great food, good staff, and even better desserts (same as Biscotti's in Avondale). Their turkey ciabatta sandwich is delicious and so is their special shrimp and grits (only on Wednesdays!) though it's a little spicy. Sometimes I will stop by and sit at the bar for a cup of coffee and a dessert after dinner elsewhere. Definitely recommend.
We made a late reservation (30mins before arrival) and decided to see for ourselves. The restaurant has cozy, sleek feel with dim lighting and somewhat close seating. My Moscow Mule was delicious, as was the Fried Calamari- the sea same sauce was absolutely amazing. My Tuna Tartare was fresh and nicely presented but lacked a distinct taste. Lastly we split a Mediterranean Chicken salad, also fresh and tasty. Overall, I was impressed with the food served, as well as the intimate environment- happy to find this level of preparation and presentation in Duval Co!
Stopped by because of the opentable and reviews on yelp and was very pleased. The service was the first thing to win me over. The food was just as satisfying. From the appetizer, to the entree, and the dessert, each course was a pleasant surprise of presentation and flavor. I would visit again next time I'm in town.
Another one of Jacksonville's go to restaurants. If you are looking for a nice, funky, yet sophisticated dining experience, this is a great place to check out. The atmosphere is nice, with lots of brushed metal and frosted glass. Most of the seating is table seating, with a few booths around the outer edges on the far side of the restaurant. They also have a long bar that stretches across the front/side of the restaurant that is a great place to sit and have a martini and an appetizer. The food is always delicious... your standard gourmet, New American cuisine. For appetizers, I LOVE their Tempura Fried Green Beans [$8] and the Yellowfin Tuna Tartare [$12]. As I am a lady watching my waistline [on occasion], I am always stoked to find a place with awesome salads, and BB's has some of the best salads in Jacksonville. My favorites are the Warm Goat Cheese Salad [$11.50 - with locally grown arugula & baby lettuces, toasted walnuts, prosciutto, dates, goat cheese croutons and warm orange blossom honey... YUM] and the Mediterranean Chicken Salad [$11.50 - with french green beans, kalamata olives, tomatoes, feta cheese and a lemon herb vinaigrette], but all of the salads are killer. They have awesome entrees of Chilean Sea Bass, Duck, Filet... once again your standard gourmet fare. But it is all completely delicious. And you cannot forget their DESSERTS. YUM. I am in love with their Croissant Bread Pudding [yes you heard me, $7.50 - with currants, raisins & cherries, served warm with vanilla ice cream] and the Creme Brulee [$7.50 - topped with a blackberry compote]. The Chocolate Truffle Cake [$7.50] is also to die for. If you want some fancy eats that won't kill your wallet, then this is a great place to go.
Great food, bad experience. Chargrilled Skirt Steak had to be sent back due to food not being hot when it arrived at the table. Hostesses was very accommodating and  provided new entree at the correct temperature. Jambalaya pizza was very good and filling. Overall this restaurant was good just had a minor issue with skirt steak being cold upon arrival at table.
Everyone really enjoyed their meal!  The triple chocolate cake was devoured in minutes!!
I had the crab cake Benedict for the brunch.   Very good.     Becky and ronda are having dessert.  Good way to spend lunch after riding the bikes.
I live in Jacksonville and am currently out of town. When I was thinking about the last awesome meal I had, my brain immediately went to BB's. Every time I eat at BB's I am impressed, but the past time I went with my boyfriend and we indulged ourselves in everything we wanted and it was great. We had the calamari and a cheese plate to start. As someone who eats calamari regualarly, I have to commend the chef's at BB's for making this dish consistently great. It is served with an asian vegetable salad dressed in sesame seeds and a spicy chile sauce that is better than any sauce of the kind that I've had. The cheese plate was great, but very rich and filing. For my entree, I ordered the filet. I debated over the menu for quite awhile before choosing this, but since I hadn't had red meat in awhile, I figured it was going to be a good choice. When it arrived, I was in awe. I took a photo it looked so great. It comes served char-grilled with melted boursin cheese and toasted hazelnuts on top, with bacon-shallots-potatoes-gratin, asparagus, and a bourdelaise sauce around the sides of the plate. I ordered my meat on the rare side of medium-rare and it was cooked PERFECTLY. I haven't had a better meal since and this was about 3 months ago.
I always get wings , there the best,,
On a Monday afternoon in Jacksonville, after a hard day's work, we all deserve a treat. Bb's agrees and that's why they're offering 2-for-1 on ALL wines! That's right, by the glass or bottle, your wine is 2 for the price of 1 on Mondays. My excellent bartender Ron started me off with a glass of white. I ordered up an early supper of the stuffed flatbread then sat back with a book to savor my vino and relax for a moment. The food came out quickly (and y'all this veggie sandwich is delicious) then I ordered up my second glass of vino to take advantage of this special. Overall, Bb's is a great atmosphere with delicious food and a stellar drink list. I'd suggest this place to anyone looking for a good foodie spot in downtown Jacksonville. And props to bartender Ron for being so damn nice.
When I first moved to Jax, I had to say in a hotel for a few days until I could move into my place. So, one evening, I was hungry, checked my iphone and saw that this place called, "BB's" was within walking distance. When I walked in, I was on my own but conveniently they had a lovely bar where I didn't feel like, "that girl, eating and drinking alone." The bartender was fabulous, and the food was fantastic. BB's has spoiled me for my signature drink (Martini's)- and, I've lived, literally, all over the world. I've been here for about two years now and I haven't found any place else that even comes close to the ambiance, service, and quality of BB's. Quick note- if you're going in after 5-6pm and aren't sitting outside, I'd recommend wearing something nice, otherwise, you might feel a bit out of place. But, doing for a business lunch during the day, I'd say you're safe to dress to your liking =)
Oh yes! Always an easy recommendation! I love the entire menu... I think that I've had it all with as many times as I have been. All the servers are good a couple are exceptional and favorites! Just to be fair I'll let you figure out who they are. Plus don't forget desert. **Secret Times We Go** February 14th - The menu is always special. Chateaubriand... Mmm... Better reserve a table!   We like to come for brunch after the River Run each year. Mimosaaaa! Ssh... Don't tell to many people though.
I appreciate upscale food for a middle-class crowd. That's my ideal spot. I'm not a fan of pretentious, suit wearing crowds while I'm eating. Or in general. That's not to say I want to hang out in a place with a bunch of hippies wearing their organic t-shirts and Patagonia shorts either. I'd like to be somewhere in the middle. B.B.'s is somewhere in the middle. A good crowd, a nice setup, a great menu, and very good service was my experience on my first visit here in my 7 years in Jacksonville (I know...but I traveled for work for a while and I'm"m just getting to know our lovely city). The menu was really good looking. There were a wide variety of entrees and specials if you're looking for something hearty, up scale sandwiches and pizzas for lighter fare, and some desserts that gave me adult onset diabetes without regret. In addition they were running 1/2 price martini's (every Wednesday) and taking part in the Eat Up Downtown promotion. Awesome value all around. I went with the EUDT menu and had a Caesar salad and pasta with sausage, broccoli rabe, chili flakes, etc. For dessert I had the croissant bread pudding with vanilla ice cream. The salad was a salad. The pasta was a great dish. All the ingredients were of high quality, and the chili gave it a great kick. My only complaint would be that the pasta was overcooked (really soft). That's a pretty common mistake, but an easy one for them to correct. The dessert was awesome. I can't knock it at all. In addition, I tried the skirt steak, chorizo mashed potatoes, and oreo moose from the others at my table. All were very solid. I can honestly say, nothing bad hit the table. Nothing mind blowing did either, but I will certainly go back and look forward to sampling additional menus from that menu. You're not going to go wrong here. They aren't winning any Michelin stars, but it's a solid meal at a good value in a nice restaurant. And really, that's all I ever wanted.
Definition of what Jacksonville needs more!! Wasn't sure about the close quarters of the place until the rich, business bastards right next to gave us the rest of their bottle of red wine upon leaving. I love, seriously I love it, how all the waiters are trying to be like that old show "The Restaurant". You know the one owned by Rocko....or whatever the hell his name is? They spend the whole time trying to convince you that they know every fucking pairing of wine to food known to mankind. And, when you ask them what they would recommend, they probably tell you the only thing they wanted to really memorize in exact detail for that night. But hey, whatever they recommended was fucking good so more power to ya. I loved the white chocolate cheesecake desert so much it's doomed to be my wedding cake.......I know how gay.
For fine dining in Jacksonville, I would recommend making reservations.  Fortunately, Yelp is linked with Open Table and I made my reservation right here.  I had kind of a mixed review, because I had some loves and then some over-the-top dislikes.   First of all, I'm a huge fan of the atmosphere and the service.  We had some last minute reservation changes and the staff was more than accommodating. I really didn't like that this place was really small.  With the size of the restaurant, it was really loud.  I hope they expand or put in some better acoustics.   For my appetizer, I had the minestrone soup, which featured pork and had no beans. I've never had a pork minestrone before, and I wasn't a fan.  For my entree, I had the Asian chop salad.  The salad itself was really fresh, the wasabi vinaigrette was really crisp, and the wonton noodles were very crunchy.  However, the seared tuna on the salad wasn't seasoned at all and was a little disappointing.  We had Seeker Cabernet Sauvignon for wine, and it was delicious. My espresso came properly served with a twist of lemon, which I appreciated so much. Next time in Jacksonville, I'm definitely going to stop in.  I saw several other menu items that I'm dying to try!
The food was mediocre, staff was shnoozy, the desserts and drinks were excellent.
We were in Jacksonville, FL for a conference and were looking for a nice place for dinner and went to BB's based on yelp reviews and we were not disappointed. We actually went there twice. The Duck Wonton and shrimp bisque are amazing! The first night we got a steak sandwich and crab cake sandwich and they were just okay. I would stick with their appetizers. The second night I got their Asian salad and found a hair in it. I let the waitress know and immediately she took it off of the bill and offered us dessert.
I have a few minor criticisms...they made it seem pretty obvious from the time we walked in that they prefer to have adult patrons, not children.  The waiter was pretty inattentive and took a VERY long time to get our drinks.  The place struck me as a little pretentious and was more of a "place to be seen" than a relaxing night out.  Having said that, the food (which is the important part) was very good.  I had a pork belly appetizer marinated in rum and coke.  That's right. The rest of my group had a grouper/gnocchi combo (where triggerfish replaced the grouper due to supply...no big deal, it was good) as well as a nice chicken dish.  Very affordable...but if I only had one night out in Jacksonville, I might try something else next time...wasn't the friendliest vibe.
We decided to try BB's one lazy weekend afternoon since we've heard alot of good things about it.  First of all, we really love the decor and the atmosphere of the restaurant.  The staff was really friend and provided both lunch and dinner menu for us to consider since we walked in between the usual lunch and dinner crowd. We picked a light fare of shrimp/lobster soup and calamari to start and sharing a steak sandwich.  I have to say that the food did not really "wow" us.  It was good, but nothing to write home about either. The presentation was really good though. What did "wow'd" us (and deserving of the 4 stars) was the dessert selection.  Everything in that case of desserts looked delicious, and it was really difficult to choose what to try.  Again the staff was great in that our server came to explain each dessert selection to us.  We usually share a dessert order, but everything looked so great that we HAD to pick 2 to try.  We tried a slice of upside down pineapple cheesecake and a slice of chocolate eclair cake.  The portions were huge that we only had about a third of each slice and took the rest home. Overall, BB's is really nice.  If anything, we'd go back again for coffee and dessert again for sure.
From what I had seen online, I did not expect bb's to be so upscale.  That being said, no one looked twice at our shorts and t-shirts.  The food here is pretty expensive in general, but if you look at their sandwiches, you can find some great food at more reasonable prices.  I had a grilled vegetable sandwich with brie, and it was really good.  I ordered the herbed french fries with it, and that was also a good choice.  I don't remember what my boyfriend had (sorry...) but he enjoyed it as well. The restaurant was very cramped, people had to wedge themselves between the tables, which seemed to be packed in as tightly as possible, just to walk through the dining room.  It was also incredibly loud.  If you want to have dinner in a busy, upbeat kind of atmosphere it shouldn't be too bad, but if you're looking to have conversation with your tablemates, this might not be the best place.
I really like bb's..enjoy the atmosphere and the food. The desserts are beyond delish. The waitstaff are always highly professional and on point in regards to the knowing the menu and offering recommendations. I've been known to overstay my welcome when talking to my "brunch buddy".
Place gets packed early on the weekend and is a cozy location. We had pretty good service at the bar.  According to the server if you come around 830 or 9 you shouldn't have a problem getting a sport at the bar.  You should make a reservation though. Appetizer: Calamari with Asian sesame dressing Pork chop with Brie cheese "cake" -- grilled perfectly. The sides were quite complimentary to the pork. Carrot cake: Huge slice, spiced nicely with shredded carrot and pineapple (?). Moist and delicious. All the desserts look insanely good. Probably can't go wrong.
I couldn't make up my mind between 3 or 4 stars, so really Ill give it 3.5 stars. We were told that the desserts were pretty good, but we also wanted to try them for their entrees. We ate here on a Friday night and we didn't need reservations.  We got there and they sat us right away.  Although I do suggest you make reservations if you have more than two people cause its a pretty small place.  Also parking might be kinda hard.  They do have a private lot but usually its pretty full, we were lucky enough to find a spot.  They do have bar seating and outside seating. I don't drink alcohol,  I am a soda gal and I ordered a diet coke and what they gave me was a glass full of ice and a diet coke can.  I wasn't too thrilled with that haha.  I don't know, just didn't like that.   Anyways I ordered there Yellow tale Snapper.  Which went over coconut rice.  On top of fish, was some papaya, basil, mint, and mung beans.  I thought the dish was just ok.  I couldn't really taste the coconut in the rice and supposedly the fish was suppose to be spicy but it wasn't spicy at all.   I don't know, I just wasn't wowd. My husband got Veal, but I don't remember what went with it.  But he thought his dish was just ok as well.   We did order desserts.  I ordered a slice of apple pie and my husband ordered a slice of hazelnut bunt cake.  Well I have to say that people who we talked to were right.  Their desserts were great.   I think if we ever do come back, it would be for their desserts.
WOW! My boyfriend and I went to celebrate my early Bday as I had read the reviews and it was only a short walk from home. I was a bit worried BBs would disappoint but no it definitely did not! I had the 3 Course meal with the prawn bisque, small clam linguine and OMG croissant bread pudding! Loved it all and the boyfriend had the angus steak and there were no complaints there. We had a booking for 6.30 and it was about just over a half full so not too busy but by the time we left it was full so if you don't like crowds come early that's what we like. I recommend BBs for your next special date night or event.
Cool atmosphere and great food.
This is the sort of restaurant that will elevate Jacksonville's reputation beyond Whitey's Fish Camp style dining. A more casual alternative to Bistro Aix, BB's has a superb menu, a friendly and attentive waitstaff, and marginally heinous (sound has too much to bounce off of in the space, and the carpet is just straight-up ugly) but upscale decor. You will not be disappointed with whatever you order as your main course. Their selection of cheese is always very impressive, and paired appropriately with apricots or honey or fruit. DO NOT NEGLECT TO ORDER THE CHEESE. I promise. Desserts are always fabulous, regardless of if you want a baked good that is lighter or something egregiously decadent. The cocktails are of average quality and creativity for upscale dining; the wine list was surprisingly thorough. This is an excellent upscale option for dining in Jacksonville. It is not to be missed if you prefer your foodstuffs in a form besides fried.
Went to BB's Friday night and, like my dinner party, most everyone there was grabbing a quick bite to eat before the Sharks Arena Football game.  Or maybe not. We started off with the meze platter with hummus.  It was good, but the best hummus I've had is still a tie between Hala in Neptune Beach and Istanbul restaurant--both on Atlantic Blvd. For dinner I had the grilled salmon salad.  Now I'm not a fan of salmon--the fish du jour everywhere everyday.  I wouldn't be surprised in McD's filet-o-fish was salmon.  Anyway, this was excellent. We friends had the Caribbean bbq chicken pizza, and the Tuscan grilled chicken breast on asiago focaccia roll.   Both were excellent. If you are daring, and not driving that evening, try the Moscow Mule.
All I can say is wow!  Started with the shrimp bisque...good size portion for just a cup...delicious.  Then came the fried green tomato eggs Benedict...perfectly cooked eggs on two fried green tomatoes on a bed of black beans onions and cubed sweet potato... Mixed together with the hollandaise sauce absolutely delicious.  Had a little spice to it as well, can't say enough good things about it!
My wife and I enjoy BB's very much! We always find the staff to be helpful and the food delicious. You've got to try the goat cheese salad, it is amazing. The wine selection is good, not great, but put together well enough to accompany most of the dishes served. I am not a big desert fan, but theirs always look incredible! I highly recommend you try this place..
We were staying at the Hyatt across the river, and my handy dandy Yelp application on my Blackberry recommended this place based on our location. BB's was a pretty solid restaurant with a nice wine menu to boot. We ordered the duck wonton as our appetizer and it was delicious. I wouldn't change anything about it. My dad LOVED his truffle pizza. He couldn't stop talking about it even after we had already left the restaurant. Despite his tendency to repeat and run things into the ground, he talked about this restaurant more than usual. My mom was impressed with her open faced tuna sandwich as well. I wish I had ordered what they had, since my goat cheese salad wasn't as exciting. The prosciutto crudo wasn't the texture I was expecting. The honey and candied pecans were nice touches to the dish though. The two desserts we ordered were also good. They're definitely meant to be shared. If you're in the area, do give this place a try.
Excellent, fresh food in a modern and lively setting.
HOLY DUCK CONFIT WONTON! This is a must try. It is an appetizer, which I had as my meal 3 nights during my 3 week stay in Jacksonville.  The shrimp bisque is also worth trying - yummy with a little kick to it. The almond crusted calamari was mediocre as was the pizza.   Don't leave without trying dessert. They have a wide variety of sweets so go with what you like - you won't be disappointed.  I'm a fan of Oreos so I went with the cookies n cream pie, oreo crust. Worth the calories. The restaurant is clean and trendy, and the bar is great for some after work drinks.
Excellent French/Mediterranean place near downtown Jacksonville.  Every dish was delicious and had perfectly balanced flavors. We started with the fried calamari, which came with a light, sweet honey mustard sauce.  The ahi tuna bruschetta was quite tasty, as well.  The duck was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and very juicy.  It was served with a cherry reduction, which complemented the duck's natural saltiness.  The wine list was heavily centered on Europe, though they managed to sneak in a few California gems. The waitstaff was incredibly helpful in an unintrusive way, and the ambiance managed to be both quiet and festive at the same time.  We'll be sure to return on our next trip to Jacksonville.
Lets make it short and sweet prix fix menu great service above par drinks 9 out of 10 desserts to die for and regular menu is very good if your in Jacksonville TRY IT!
Amazing food worth every penny and alcohol makes you drunk off one glass you do need to make reservations prior to coming atmosphere is great fish is great my favorite dish is the fish blt Mahi Mahi
My wife and I were in Jacksonville and read about BB's on Yelp. We decided to check it out. We arrived at 5:30 and were seated immediately. The restaurant's decor is clean, modern and "urban trendy". The look is understated and elegant. My wife ordered the Fried Green Tomato Caprese and the Warm Goat Cheese Salad. Both were excellent--I tried a bit of the caprese and loved it; nice an warm, with excellent crust on the tomatoes and a hunk of cheese on top. She said the salad was a wonderful mix of greens, vinaigrette dressing and big pieces of cheese in soft Italian style bread. I had the prix fixe menu and chose the Shrimp Bisque, the Pork Loin and Bread Pudding. All were delicious. The Pork Loin was particularly good; my server brought me a steak knife instead of a dinner knife, but it wasn't necessary. The meat just fell off the bone. I had a fine sauvignon blanc with it. Our server, Briana, was outstanding--friendly, prompt, knew the menu and made good suggestions when asked. This place isn't cheap, but the portions are just right and the prices are well justified. Only two minor quibbles--our table was in a corner and was in the dark. We would both have preferred to better see what we were eating, because it looked as good as it tasted. We ended up using the flashlight app on her phone to illuminate our plates! Also, my chilled glass of wine came out before the appetizer, and by the time the entree arrived, it had warmed up. If you want a great dining experience for a reasonable price in Jacksonville, this is the place to go.I particularly recommend checking out the prix fixe for an even better deal.
The atmosphere was very nice and the wait was pretty short.  Food was good, but don't expect much more than gourmet type sandwiches.  The desserts were enormous, to the point you couldn't even come close to finishing them.
Came in here with a friend while on a much needed vacation BB's came highly recommended and they did not disappoint. John N was our server, he was personable and able to help us decide what we wanted to get. Opted for the bruchetta, bisque, grouper, goat cheese entre and Rocky Road desert, which we had to box up and take home. Add in two micro brews and a Grey Goose and our tab was $80, about what I expected based on the ambiance. Overall, just a great experience for a Thursday night. Casual, but most people seemed on the slightly dressier side (I wore a button down and jeans, nothing too out there, but a nicer button down by my standards. I'd prefer a broader selection of local beers, but I'm not really sure how deep the craft beer scene is in Jacksonville (I live in San Diego). Looking for a good place to have a nice dinner in Jacksonville? This is it.
I am willing to overlook the snooty service(the hostess always gives off the air she is doing me a favor by acknowledging me) here for the excellent food and probably one of the best cheese plates I've had in a while.  I love the fresh honeycomb and candied walnuts that come with the array of rotating local and foreign dairy bombs.  My real reason for coming here when I am in town in the croissant bread pudding!  It is up there for me on my list of top 5 desserts in the southeast.  Wowser!  Rich, buttery, dripping in perfectly melted ice cream (i hate when restaurants put rock hard ice cream on warm desserts) 1 serving is definitely enough to share.  I know people like BB's cakes but I find them kinda plain and tasteless and covered in flavorless frosting.  I say pass the cakes up-no matter how pretty they look-and get the bread pudding instead.
Actual visit 3/4/13. Prix Fixe menu for $25. Salad, pasta with grilled chicken, smoky bacon, roasted butternut squash,  baby spinach, herbed ricotta and crispy sage, croissant bread pudding.  It was $25 well spent.
BB"s Dinner #1 One year ago, I came to BB's for the first time on a local's recommendation and ordered the ever present black angus filet with grilled asparagus.  Wonderful.  Here I am again tonight enjoying the same attentive service of Bo.  I easily recommend him as much as I do the restaurant.   Now, the first thing to know is that Jacksonville is a true "foodie" town with a disproportionate amount of great restaurants to pick from.  Choosing any one for a second time is always difficult to do when there are so many quality alternatives being sacrificed.  In Avondale, The Blue Fish Restaurant for seafood or Orsay for french are tops.  Singleton's Seafood Shack was on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and owns its own trawlers.  Ragtime in Atlantic Beach is always enjoyable.  But, BB's?  When downtown, and perhaps even still when in JAX at all, it is both from beginning to end quality and a must. Tonight, I ate from the $25 Prix Fixe menu.  Must be awful at that price, right?  So, I started with a cup of Shrimp Bisque with Toast Point, moved onto a Skirt Steak with Andouille Potatotes, and finished with Croissant Bread Pudding.   Not impressed yet?  Let's talk flavor.  Each of these otherwise ordinary dishes enjoyed the chef's fine eye for detail from complimentary flavors to presentation.  No suffered from awkward spices or noticeable re-heating to fear.  And that skirt steak that I passed up the filet for?  Marinated over night and kabob delicious without being cubed and topped with sauteed onion.  Excellent! BB's nightly menu inclusive of three standard offerings of the filet, chicken, and pork includes wine pairing from off of its extensive wine list. This place is SO good, that I will be back again tomorrow night with a Dinner #2 review.  Stay tuned. BB"s Dinner #2 Had the bisque again to start off as it was that good.  For an entree, tonight I went with the Hawaiian Opah complimented by pancetta and plantains.   I am growing more and more impressed with this place and given that it is around the corner from my hotel?  Stay tuned for Dinner # 3.  I'm thinking that I will revisit the black angus filet that I have so many fond memories of.  Again recommended.
First of all, the best food you will ever eat in Jacksonville! 5 star cuisine with a casual atmosphere. Customer service was superb! We had to order what everyone in Yelp was talking about - the Polenta stixx! So divine!!!  We had to ask if it was gluten free- they made it so for us! If you are gluten free you found the right place - they went out of their way to go gluten free for us without sacrificing the amazing flavor of the dishes! Our waiter was so polite and the wait staff from the host to chefs were top notch! Our Angus beef Braveheart steaks was cooked to perfection! You will get more than you pay for - highly recommend this place! And the best desserts - the flour less Rocky road chocolate cake also gluten free - heavenly!
Diverse and fun menu, fast friendly service, and an overwhelming dessert offering make this a lunch treat far superior to the tidbits across the street.  The crab cake sandwich had a moist and well seasoned crab cake of generous size, but the ciabatta was a bit flavorless as was the slaw.  If you like bread pudding try it here served by with vanilla ice cream.
Creative cuisine and diverse menu all around with a relaxing atmosphere and open kitchen layout.  Decent bar to draw attention but fixed price three course meal for $25 and glass of wine for added $5 simply can't be beat as a value!
Wow!  One of the best configured meals I've had in years!  Although the menu changes frequently, I have to brag on the duck entree.  It was paired with an arugula salad, a slice of watermelon and some cream cheese breaded corn style fritters.  Crazy good taste combination-- everything went perfectly together.  It blew my mind. Cool decor frequented by hip people.  Although I'm not from JAX, I got the impression it was a see and be seen kind of place.
Best place to eat in Jacksonville. Can get pricey, but, my goodness, the food is good. The bread pudding (with ice cream on top) alone makes it worth everything, though i recommend sharing it, as it is quite large. Really everything being served is large. I can never remember what entree I ordered during my last visit, only that it was delicious, which makes me believe that all the entrees must be delicious. The shrimp bisque as an appetizer is wonderful, though very filling, so be careful...
This is a terrific place.  It's kind of out of the way, but it is worth it.  The menu is packed with original entrees and there are daily specials as well.  I would definitely recommend stopping by.
Just left BB's. On travel for business - and it was perfect.. White truffle pizza, mandarin orange creamsicle cake...absolutely great and attentive service in a laid back atmosphere. The food was delicious and I have to say that I loved my waiter (even tho I paid him NO attention because I was busy with someone else) - he made everything happen as if by magic. I highly recommend this place.
Great crabcake, though the prociutto in the "Benedict" was too salty. The Parmesan and herbed fries are a nice touch. Good place for a late weekend brunch. The cakes look epic - they are open till midnight on Saturday, so it sounds like a good place to go for a late night dessert and espresso.
One of my friends asked me to write more reviews on more traditional restaurants, so I skipped Applebys and the Cracker Barrel and decided to tell you the real story about BB's. If you ask locals, especially those living close to Downtown, they will rave about this establishment,  and the truth is BB's is pretentious, pricy and perfect for that crowd wanting fine dining but also to appear hip.  So instead of saying they dined at Ruth Chris, they can say "Oh I went to that local restaurant, BB's, it was exquisite."   BB's, like the name suggests, is bland and blah.  The inside dining area is small.  The menu items consist of your standard sandwiches, salads and soups, along with your more traditional fancy menu items like duck, short ribs, fish, etc.  The restaurant attempts to wow you with fancy descriptions, even unique ways of serving the dish (like an open sandwich, which is like a burger missing a bun), but at the end of the day, food is good but pretty average.  The ingredients are fresh; the food is well prepared.  But it doesn't wow.  The restaurant spends more time wowing you with decor and ambience, and the food just doesn't match.  I've eaten at BB's many times, always for business, and once because I wasn't creative enough to think of a restaurant, so I took a girl that doesn't know better here (even then she wasn't impressed).  I would give you some suggestions, but honestly you can find the same scallops/fish/short ribs/duck at any "upscale" restaurant.  It's all very generic.  There are better options in San Marco, check my other reviews. That pretty much sums up BB's and the food.  It's the perfect restaurant to go for a business lunch, or to suggest to people you don't know well enough or like enough.  The food is pretty average and appeals to a wide range of food palettes, and your group might even be wowed by the decor or the fancy descriptions on the menu.  But at the end of the day, there's very little substance.  Don't be fool by the hype.
Peanut butter pie and the catch of the day... Pure addiction! Love the shrimp and grits on Wednesdays too!!
I visited BB's for dinner with co-workers while visiting from out of town. Good atmosphere for this type of dinner, or for a meal with friends. The decor is both casual and sophisticated, with warm tones and low lighting. As a vegetarian, I was disappointed in their veggie selection, which was limited to a pizza, a veggie panini, and the warm goat cheese salad. I went with the warm goat cheese salad, which came covered in figs and walnuts. Although their veggie options were limited, I was very satisfied with the salad I had, as it was both delicious and filling. For desert I had the creme brulee which was decent, although I've had better. BB's is known for their deserts, and in checking out the others at the table, I'd recommend going with a pie or baked good, because they all looked amazing. I will visit BB's again, but only when I'm in the mood for one of their 3 veggie options. I would definitely recommend it to non-vegetarians.
Always a favorite. This place holds a special place in my heart (& belly) as I've visited this spot with many special people in my life. A little noisy making it difficult to have intimate conversation, but a great ambiance nonetheless. Desserts are a must!
This place is wonderful. I can't ever think of a time when I wouldn't want to come here... First, their desserts are DIVINE! They have a display case you can hover over to oogle all the options, but don't worry if you don't have room because the desserts travel well and are just as tasty at home! If you're a brunch person, you MUST try their Saturday brunch! I recommend the bananas Foster french toast or the crab cake benedict - you will not be disappointed with either one! For dinner, any option is good. I personally like the Flounder :) I can't say enough about this place - it's a small dining room, but they do have a bar and if you go earlier for dinner (like right at 6:30pm) you'll be fine.  It is pricier than most casual places, but it's worth every penny.
I love going to bb's! You can dress it up or down--it's modern, funky, but not uptight at all. Might seem a bit pricey at first, but it's all very delicious. Whenever I go I feel like the servers love their job. That says a lot about the service... or maybe they are just really good at fooling me. Either way, every server I've had there is friendly, quirky, and not overly attentive. My favorite menu item I order pretty much every time I go is the Duck Confit Wonton. I love all the flavors in it and the wonton is light and crispy. It's VERY savory, so it may not be for everyone, but I always make everyone try it at least once! Other appetizers I've had are the Yellowfin Tuna Tartare (delicious!), Mozzarella Bruschetta (delicious!), Tempura Fried Green Beans (ADDICTING), and Crispy Crab Cakes (delicious!... although the last time I had them they were in an odd phallic design, with the remoulade smeared on the plate as the "shaft"... see pics... hmmm). The Shrimp Bisque is sooo yummy! I always find myself scraping for every last bit... I've been tempted to lick the bowl clean. Ok, maybe I have. Kidding. Or am I? Portions are always generous at bb's across all the menu items! You could get a salad and it would be a filling meal. I highly suggest the Warm Goat Cheese Salad if you are a goat cheese fan. The toasted walnuts in it are my favorite part but all the elements come together Desserts: AMAZING. I often feel desserts are an afterthought at restaurants, but the desserts stare at you from their case (or maybe you keep eyeing them during dinner all night) wondering why you didn't choose the Croissant Bread Pudding as your appetizer and the Mixed Turtle Torte as your main entree. Again, huge portions! Um wow this is a long review. I think I'm done. You know you want some bb's now!
Freezing cold in our section. So cold it made the entire experience unpleasant. Not overly impressed with the menu, but enjoyed my selection. Great deal on the fixed menu dinner. Another diner remarked that her order included brussel "sprouts" but the plate only contained one cut into two pieces. Service was friendly but lacking. We were a large party, but service was noticeably slow with large gaps of time between courses. Not horrific but I would probably not return.
Amazing, I had fish filet (snapper ?). It was served with a delicious hash garnished with bacon a red sauce and a wonderful reduction. The complexity was memorable. I have tried similar restaurants in this area and so far this one takes the cake. It really is the type of place that five years from now, I'll remember and think "man that was good."
Excellent food and good service.  We really enjoyed the daily dinner menu. The bread pudding is to die for and so were the main dishes. Good wine selection.
You have to be kidding me. Walked in with my husband for dinner.  We didn't have reservations but we were offered one seat at the bar.  Asked the host if he was kidding how are two of us going to sit in one chair. Needless to say we left,   More appropriate answer would've been sorry but we're booked
Eclectic atmosphere, interesting decor all around.  The place is definitely a bit noisy with the open kitchen and other folks trying to speak over the rest of the commotion.  I found myself repeating what I was saying. Props to the waitstaff. They made the trip worthwhile.  After a bit of joking with the waiter, you would have thought he was someone else at the table. My second time here, I tried the shrimp carbonara.  Not impressed.  The shrimp was undercooked and the food in general lacked any strong flavors.  Unfortunately, since that was the only order I had this time around, the trip left something to be desired...like another meal. I do remember having one of the cheese plates the first time around and enjoying just about everything on it.  I didn't get it, but the cake looked massive, and awesome. They've got a fairly serious wine list, too.
The food is excellent although high on the price and small amounts... But trying to get seated is a pain, even trying to make reservations is a pain... the restaurant feels cramp... and since the restaurant is owned by the same person that own's Bistro in Avondale... we prefer to just go there...
What really pulled me in was the dessert section. Absolutely delectable. Dishes were good, too. However, the service left something to be desired. I will be returning, but I hope the experience will be improved on from last time.
Visited with some folks from the office during a busy lunch hour. The good: Great food, everyone enjoyed their meal a great deal Service was wonderful Fancy but not fine dining The Improvements: Parking was a bit messy Hard to tell what's for desert, it's in a case at the other end of the restaurant and although folks rave about it we weren't able to order it.
I'd drive out here just for a slice of their coconut cake...it's literally the best I've ever had. Moist and delicious.
Had a terrific grilled salmon salad and my friend loved her Cobb salad. Wait staff and bartenders very competent. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
A group of us popped over to BB's for a quick bite to eat on a Wednesday night and the place was pretty busy.  I wanted something low key so I ordered the flatbread veggie sandwich and it was tasty.  The bread was fresh and the veggies were lightly glazed with a vinaigrette dressing that added a perfect touch to my casual dinner. The portion was huge and I saved the other half for lunch.  Our service was not bad, but I have experienced better service in previous visits.   As always the dessert was delicious. I managed to "share" a friend's huge slice of white cake with a light fluffy frosting and fresh berries.  I should have ordered my own!  :-)
Went tonight for dinner after about a year hiatus.  Had had a few not so great experiences and just hadn't made it back in a while.  (And we seriously used to frequent weekly, if not more... we even have a dog  named b.b.... because she is a groovy dog to b.)   But, tonight has restored my faith, and I will surely be back for more.  My husband and I scooted in for a quick early dinner. We both started our meals with a ceasar.  Yumm.. they really have fantastic ceasar dressing.  Then my husband had filet, which he was very happy with, and I opted for the duck.  A roasted maple leaf farms duck breast, with fresh watermelon, blue cheese and potato croquettes, almond pesto, arugula, and white balsamic syrup.  The description sounds amazing and the food was even better.  I LOVE duck... A LOT, but often think it is more of a wintery dish... this preparation took duck to yummy light summer dinner, I didn't think possible.  The duck was cooked to perfection, with a perfect salty fatty crust.  The watermelon added a delightful light sweetness and the arugula with balsamic added the right amount of bitter with acidity.. I normally HATE arugula, but yum.. I could have had seconds.  And the croquettes were a yummy creamy addition.  Seriously DELICIOUS!   The service was great.  Our server offered me a taste of some wine options to decide on the right pairing... and we were in and out in about 45 minutes! Desert here is a must!  We got ours to go.  I'm just waiting for my daughter to go to sleep so I don't have to share.  Raspberry cheesecake. Other notable mentions not to be missed... Polenta sticks as an appetizer.  Still haven't had anything quite like them anywhere else. Rum Pecan Pound Cake.. served warm with vanilla ice cream.
In from out of town (Boston) for work and went to BBs based on the yelp reviews. I definietly was not let down. It was excellent. I ate at the bar and had the $25 pre fix menu (shrimp bisque, skirt steak, and peanut butter mousse) with a nice glass of Jed Steele Pinot Noire. Each course was great and worthy of a stellar review. It probably wasn't one of the top 10 meals I have ever had (reserved for Gramercy Tavern, Bones, Spice Market, Jardiniere, China Grill, Abe & Louie's, Charlie Palmers, etc.) but it was close.
Best salmon salad I've ever had and I live in San Francisco so I do think that adds some weight on the foodie scale.. 5 out of 5 on the food. 4 stars because it's crowded.. Maybe because the foods so good! Oh did I mention? The Bloody Mary is the killer!
Made a reservation to visit BB's for date night & was not disappointed! We started with a cheese plate featuring a georgia red, castello blue & cranberry wensleydale. It came with honey comb, dried fruits & nuts & french bread. My husband chose the orrechiette with spicy sausage, chicken, spinach, sofrito, almonds & capers as an entree. It had a nutty/earthy flavor & was light & different. I had the steak bistro sandwich with field greens. It was a little heavier with brie, carmelized onions, tomatoes, dijonaise. We both had a couple glasses of wine from their large selection. The service was good for a busy Saturday night & our food came out hot & as ordered. Will def come here again & recommend to others.
Live for this place. It's my favorite. Goat chess salad is great. Creme Brûlée is amazing. Gnocchi was awesome. Oh and the drinks are great too. Love their margarita. I would say its one of best restaurants in Jax. It's not a big space, so Friday and Saturday night I would make a reservation.
Had the mixed green Asian salad and it was pretty much the best salad I've ever had. I ordered the seared ahi tuna instead of the chicken to go with it and I asked to have all the dressings on the side. I will be dining here again for sure.
We were very happy with nice atmosphere, terrific service and very yummy food.  The tuna tartare had the perfect accompaniment of sweet mango, salty capers and zippy fresh horseradish in right amounts to complement but not overpower the lovely tuna. My cucumber mojito, while not really a mojito( had house infused cucumber gin), was tasty but could have used a bit more mint.  Both of us had salads and loved them--and we are picky Californians!  The Pan Asian Chop Chop was a salad I could eat several times a week.  Generously topped with juicy grilled chicken, and it went well with a nice NZ Sauvignon blanc.  Well done!
Had dinner here on short notice (thx to Opentable!) with friends last night.  Great food and service.  Broad menu and wine list is good for many tastes and price points.  Good apps, had the mezze platter, and great pizzas.  The entrees looked good, and our friend liked the diver scallops.
Food was excellent...reasonable priced....Awesome desserts! Amanda our waitress was friendly and knowledgeable!
Won't say everything everyone else has said, but in a nutshell: Fantastic service; laid-back, but very classy ambiance; delicious desserts; wine list is smaller, but great selection; food is local, and fresh.  My husband and I split the pork tenderloin and split the coconut cake - both awesome.   Great reason to stop downtown for a bit!
I adore BB's food.  They have the BEST tuna tartare I have EVER tasted.  Super fresh and delicious!  I am also a fan of their grilled salmon salad.  It is spectacular!  Finally, the bakery display...amazing!   The selection is incredible.  The pieces are HUGE, so I definitely recommend sharing.  The carrot cake is my favorite.  The icing is unbelievable!  Highly recommended!  The service is always great as well!
Stopped in here randomly while waiting to board our cruise ship after our anticipated breakfast spot had an hour wait and boy am I glad I did. I mean our cruise was in March and I am literally still thinking about the crab cake eggs benedict. It's pretty much unlike anything that you have ever had before. I'd never been to Jacksonville before and don't really have a reason to go back...except I've been contemplating making the drive for that awesome crabcake eggs benedict. It will change your life!
We were walking around town and were recommended this place by some locals. So glad we stopped in. We sat at the bar and had the calamari, shrimp bisque, and jambalaya pizza. All were excellent. My friend also had the bread pudding, which she raved about. The bartender was personable, the food was delicious and reasonably priced and the wine list was extensive. You should definitely go if you have the opportunity.
Great food!  A little pricey and very loud the night we were there.
I HIGHLY recommend bb's for your special occasion, date night, or just a damn good meal! I showed up last night tired, a little cranky, and way past the point of starvation. I was ready for a stiff drink and an indulgent meal and, lucky for me, bb's easily accommodated both of these cravings, and then some! The hostess was friendly as she led us to a cozy, corner booth that looked to be the best table for two in the place. I immediately responded to the nice, but not stuffy atmosphere. The decor was a cool blend of blacks, teals, and wood with a homey, down-to-earth feel that made me relax instantly. As I perused the clipboard menu, I noticed that the prices weren't quite so laid back. ($25-$30 an entree) Hmmm, this better be good! I decided to keep an open mind and order whatever my heart desired. :) For my cocktail, I went with the Cucumber Mojito, and when a martini glass appeared before me, I was a little confused. The waitress apologetically explained that she'd rung in a Cucumber Gin Martini. I went to hand it back, but she told me just to enjoy it, and that'd she bring my mojito out free of charge. Well, if you insist! As I sipped the smooth, crisp tini I completely forgot my monetary concern of moments before. It was so refreshing! We started with the Duck Wonton Napoleon appetizer, which came out in a stacked tower of pulled, shredded duck, crispy wonton, carmelized onions, apples and Boursin cheese. Whoa! Swirls of balsamic glaze were strewn across the stack, making for a truly mouth-watering (and fun!) vision. Believe it or not, this creation tasted even better than it looked! The duck was so juicy and tender, not the least bit gamey, and danced deliciously with the creamy Boursin and crunchy wonton. Add in the tartness of apples and the bittersweet balsamic and you've got something truly mind-blowing; think gourmet duck BBQ infusion. Just heavenly. Hopefully the lady next to me wasn't too turned off by the fork-licking that ensued! We didn't quite finish the tower, but decided that the remaining meat would be awesome in a breakfast scramble or a mini taco the next day. The waitress happily removed it and presented us with the box at the end of the meal. Classy! For the main munch, we decided to split the Diver Scallop entree. If you're a scallop lover, I highly recommend ordering them cooked Medium. They come out so, so tender and retain more of that fresh, scallopy sumptuousness. bb's does theirs creatively with parsnip puree, yummy green lentils, pancetta, leeks, and watermelon radish. Quite the concoction, and it blended together flawlessly! Every bite was an eye-rolling, head-swaying, oh-my-god-i-love-my-life moment. Perfectly executed! I felt a little wave of stinginess upon tasting and wished I hadn't split them. Oh well, sharing is caring... I guess. After finishing up my TWO cucumber cocktails, I mustered up the courage to try one of bb's famous desserts. There was a swoon-worthy display case at the front when we arrived, and I'd fixed my sights on a sizeable bowl of Croissant Bread Pudding. We went for it and ordered a couple espressos to fight off the food coma that would surely ensue. When the dish came out topped with already-melting, buttery vanilla ice cream, I dug in with a mission. As the first bite introduced itself to my already overextended taste buds, my eyes bulged with shock. OH. MY. GOD. Sweet, savory, raisiny, creamy, decadent, delightful goodness. This had to be the best bread pudding I'd ever tasted! Swirls of chocolate, raspberry sauce and sprinklings of powdered sugar populated the remaining plate area, and I wasted no opportunity to savor every flavor. Forget everything I said before, this was by far my favorite moment of the meal. Is it overdoing it to say I reached a spiritual high via bread pudding? Cause I'm pretty sure that's what happened. At the end of the meal, my date and I agreed that yes, bb's was worth every penny, and yes, we needed to find a couch ASAP. I will definitely be back to try more of this interesting and intensely satisfying menu. In fact, I can't wait. Thanks bb's for an incredibly memorable Jacksonville dining experience!
Love BBs except it can get pretty noisy sometimes. Dined there more times than I can count (10+ over the years), but no matter if dinner or lunch, I've never had a bad meal, and service is always outstanding. I find it much better (and less expensive) than either Taverna or Ruth's Chris.  And they have a rooftop garden, how cool is that?
The food choice is limited, as I am guessing it is an ever changing menu. The shrimp bisque was okay, but definitely far from the best I've had. The server started out very attentive, then by the end of the meal we had to literally wave and flag him down. The chicken was excellent and the pork was okay. For as much as you pay I was expecting to be taken care of a little better. When our food was delivered to the wrong table and our server was no where in sight it was a little concerning. For a young couple we were ignored, rather than taken care of, as the people who were purchasing bottles of wine were a focus of more attention.
Went for a brunch on Saturday.  The menu was great, everything looked so good.  The staff was very friendly and I would defiantly be back.  I would recommend a reservation as the place can fill up fast.
