Downtown and looking for a burrito? This is the place! The food is lights out good, BUT beware of a potentially long wait (not their fault, they are just very popular). The only reason it's 4 stars instead of 5 is that it can take a while to get your order when it's very busy. The food itself it excellent and highly recommended. The location is also a fun atmosphere.
this is about the bar in the back only, I did not eat a meal there. the bar people are inept. I walked in with my wife on a whim for some drinks, after standing there being ignored and then watching the hipster start to clean up rather than serving me I walked. Fugg these aholes.
The tacos are amazing!!!! My favorites are the tofu taco and shrimp. It's a great place to grab a quick bite downtown!
Good burrito I had the carnitas.  It's California burrito comparable.  They have all the different hot sauces which a lot of places don't have.   Chips are legit too.   Patio bar out back is cool as well.
Given that the lines for all the food trucks at the Jacksonville Food Truck Competition were so ridiculously long that they entertwined, mom and I gave up and walked around the corner to Burrito Gallery. We got there early enough to snag a table in the dining room, the patio deck out back was nice as well, but as predicted, already full. There's a cool  laid back vibe about the place with the local art, and the added bonus of a fully stocked bar ensured the double dose of happiness in the summer heat. Food: I went with the medium carnitas (shredded pork) burrito, with black beans, romaine, cheese, rice, and salsa. I also added sour cream in the mix for a tad extra. When I got it, i seriously was like whaaaaaaaaaaat??? It was huge. I ordered the medium sized burrito...and yes I was totally in that "Well I'd hate to see the LARGE..." moment. It was huge and it was oh so good. Well seasoned meat, crisp cool lettuce, warm rice and beans...I devoured this thing with such ferocity that mom was, as usual, giving me the "Did you leave your manners at home?" look. For the record...I didn't leave my manners at home...I put them in my pocket for safekeeping. I'm sticking to that. Mom being miss "health food fanatic of the century" ordered the Hummus and Veggie Wrap, which has hummus, cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, olives, artichokes, and romaine. With the exception of the romaine, I pretty much detest all the other ingredients, so nooooo i didn't ask for a bite. However, she said everything was fresh, she loved the taste, and she's as picky as they come, so there you have it. Service...even with the hustle and bustle of the oncoming food truck crowd, they held their own and didn't crack under the pressure. Wait time for the food? Under 10 minutes and there was a good sized line, so I gotta give it up to them for working great with a crowd. All in all, well worth the drive, I'd say, so I'll definitely be making this a regular stop when I'm in the area!
Teriyaki tofu add bacon taco is to die for!! Sitting at the bar is fun watching soccer and the food network at the same time. Cold beer, good drinks, great staff! Ask for Erin the bartender. Great reason to come explore downtown
Just in for a quick snack and a few beers tonight - service fantastic as usual.  Matt and Marianne are awesome.  An urbancore staple.
Downtown Jacksonville has some really neat places to grab lunch.  The area is called "urban core" and the restaurants are packed at lunchtime.  Once 5pm rolls around however, downtown Jacksonville becomes a ghost town even though the eateries stay open later.  One such place that is jammed at lunchtime is called Burrito Gallery. A quick counter service place, Burrito Gallery offers up a selection of burritos, tacos, wraps and quesadillas along with nachos, chips and salads.  On a recent visit, we arrived after the lunch rush so we were able to order quickly and find a table to eat at. We ordered the chips and salsa.  Not much to say here- it was chips and salsa.  Nothing special. Eh. We also had the Cajun fish tacos which were cooked and spiced just right. Also we tried the deli tuna salad wrap.  The tortilla is filled with tuna salad, guacamole, tomato and lettuce.  Normally it is also served with bacon but we asked to have the bacon left off.  It was good but nothing real out of the ordinary. Lastly, we ordered the hummus and veggie wrap with cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, olives, artichokes and romaine lettuce.  It was pretty good but more tortilla than filling and I think they left out the artichoke.  But it was still pretty good. Perhaps the best part was the large selection of hot sauces available. They even have their own homemade BG Green sauce with a warning to use sparingly.  Probably quite spicy? Perhaps we just ordered the wrong things on the menu, however, the prices can't be beat.  The food is definitely a great value for the money.  Burrito Gallery isn't worth a special trip into town but if you are already there for one reason or another, it is certainly a decent choice for grub.
My Lawdt!!! Them tacos are amazing the art is amazing... I recomend this place to all tourist and people who love mexican food. I cant wait to go back. In my opinion though it is a little expensive but I would say its worth it. Still not better than benny burritos in NYC
I will have to say this is I highly underrated establishment not too many people know about it the burritos are huge highly recommended and I always get the chicken burrito with pinto beans rice and it's always feeling if you're into eating good quality burritos check this place out just wish there was more establishments not just downtown Jacksonville is that being said if you're in the mood to eat a huge burrito about the size of your head check it out thank you bye bye
Great Thai food! Perfect portions and very flavorful. Staff was very friendly and attentive.
Great selection of burritos, and very reasonably priced.  I had the yellow chicken curry burrito this time.  It tasted good, but there really was a lack of curry flavor to it.  Unless you've got an amazingly huge appetite, don't get the large, as the medium is HUGE!  I always try to get a little bit of help from servers or the people working the counters at the places I frequent, and unfortunately in this instance the help was a bit lacking.  Even so, the food was good and definitely worth another try.
Incredible steak tacos! Some of the best queso and fish tacos as well. Im a big fan!
Always add guacamole and try out all the hot sauces to find a personal fave. You can never go wrong with the shrimp tacos and the burritos themselves are quite intimidating so go in on an empty stomach.  A definite plus is that the menu accomodates vegetarians.  Prices are cheap and the atmosphere is cool and fun for family, friends to hang out, or casual lunch date.
Owner Paul was awesome he gave us a tour and this place is really cool it has an upstairs Thai restaurant. The portions were huge we split a surf and turf burrito and it was plenty. The staff was friendly and the service was good.
Can you trust a burrito in a state that doesn't border Mexico?  Can you trust a burrito from a place that sells Yellow Curry Chicken Burritos?, A place that sells teriyaki tofu tacos?, Hummus?? To my surprise, the answer is Yes.  Firstly because, the staff has no problem customizing your burrito, choosing pinto or black bean and then allowing you to skip things like lettuce, guac & sour cream that really have no place in a barbacoa burrito.  Then a quick walk to the hot sauce counter wins them a lil' more street cred, offering you a broad selection from gentle Tabasco to the heat of Habanero Hot Sauce (they had many).  Finally, the beer selection, offering beers like Corona, Guinness as well as local brews from Intuition Ale helps take the experience to the next level. Not quite a destination, but if you're nearby, it's a good lunch...
Well, if you like lots of bread and rice, you'll probably love Burrito Gallery. I'd eaten here before and was not really all that impressed with the fish burrito but while working downtown last week I was craving Tex-Mex so I figured I'd give them a second chance. The lunch line was about 30 minutes or more long, which I considered a good omen for the impending food to come, but at lunchtime, you can't really afford to wait so long for food. I was watching the order taker and it seemed like she was ill prepared for busy lunchtime duty when scores of downtown workers were lined up at her register. It wasn't until I was on the line half-way (20 minutes?) that I could see their sign that said there was table service in the bar and the back patio. I made a bee-line for the bar. I'd seen the "wet" burritos coming out and they looked great so I got one of those. Came out with sauce, sour cream, guac & chips for $2 extra. I *DID* detect a small amount of carnitas in my burrito. It was mostly rice and flour tortilla though. Between my beer, the bread and all that rice, I walked outta there in a total carb coma. Service was decent and price was medium to high for the area.
I was taken to this spot a couple of times on my last visit to J-ville. Coming from Cali I thought this spot wouldnt compare to the mexican food here, but BG is in its own catergory. It's like an artsy Rubio's with a freakin bar! I tried 1 of each taco and even the tofu which I was hesitant to try. To my suprise, the tofu taco won! I ordered another 2. I loved the artwork that was displayed. The bar was a bit narrow, but oh well. Get good eats + get drunk + good eats again =  Epic Win!
It's been over a year since I reviewed the BG and I've been back several time since.  Usually it's to pick up some dinner/linch on the way to work, cuz I've been too lazy to cook at home and I don't want to eat hospital food (which is crap and a ripoff). I'm sorry that Rose had such a negative experience.  I think it is all about expectations.  Perhaps to make it clearer, BG is not an upscale joint.  It's a burrito place.  They usually (as a genre) consist of a few tables and a counter you order from.  Often they are not the epitomy of spotlessness.  In addition, table service or true "service" of any kind is not what you go for.  I just say this to clarify that BG is exactly what it is supposed to be...a burrito place.  Nothing more.  They have some flyers on the counter to let you know what's going on.  It's the whole Urban Core thing.   As burrito joints go, BG is actually pretty nice.  They have a bar around the back with outdoor seating.  It's pretty spacious and open. I've never had bad service there.  They are always friendly and do their job...but perhaps it is my smiling countanence which affords me such pleasantness in return.  In short, I order at the counter, they take my payment, I wait a few minutes and then they come a bring me my sack o' food.  Done. I cannot attest to someone else's spice preferences, but I always have to add hot sauce to my meals there.  I usually get a chicken burrito or a chicken curry wrap.  I've also partaken of their fish tacos, the shrimp tacos and the shrimp burrito.  All pretty good and lightyears better than Moes.  They are not truly a Mexican place if that's what you are looking for.  More like an Americanized wrap/burrito place. They are a great lunch spot, dinner is usually slow for them unless it's a Wednesday Art Walk. Just wanted to update my review and give some more information and context as to what kind of place this is.
The burritos are bigger than my head, but they aren't the reason why I head to Burrito Gallery. I'm actually in love with their Fish Tacos, but Fish Taco Gallery sounds pretty stinky doesn't it? The thought of the fish tacos sends a rush to my tastebuds and right now as I write this I'm salivating, now drooling, now crying a river through my salivary glands... my wallet is running on empty and I can't afford to buy any fish tacos today.... Fresh, hot, flavorful with fresh tomatoes, lettuce, and other goodness packed into soft tacos. 3 on a plate. That's why I salivate.... Plenty of parking in the lot next to the restaurant and a kickass mural as well! There is Indochine upstairs if you start craving for Thai Tea. Best nights at Burrito Gallery are ArtWalk Wednesday nights when it's usually packed like a mofo. Where did all these people come from? There is often a live band on ArtWalk nights as well. Gallery is in the name, but it's not so much a gallery as it is a restaurant with really cool art on the walls.
*EDIT* I've upped it to 3 stars. I still think Chipotle wins in the burrito game. I also stand by some of my comments below in my original review. I will say the smoked turkey wrap was really good though, and is mostly the reason for the additional star. Their green sauce is good too. Still not a fan of their chips and salsa. Service is always a hit or miss here. *ORIGINAL REVIEW* I wasn't that impressed with this place. Actually disappointed seeing as it gets so many good reviews. I think Chipotle is a lot better than what I had here. I also had to wait in line for what seemed like 30 minutes, which I didn't mind until I tasted the food. I ordered a grilled chicken burrito with black beans, added sour cream, and salsa and chips. The burrito was very bland. The chips tasted stale, and covered my to go bag in grease. Their salsa or should I call it tomatoes in water is terrible. The place is in a good location and it has a lot of interesting people come in and out of the business. This restaurant seems to be a hipster convention 24/7. It's fun to people watch, but don't expect anything more than that from this business in regards to satisfying your taste buds.
INTERIOR OF A BURRITO SHOP, THE WALLS ARE COVERED WITH LOCAL ART, "So tell me Serge, what does something like this go for?" Axle asks, admiring the artwork on the wall.   "Fifty thousand dollars," Serge replies.   "Fifty thousand dollars!" Axle exclaims, stunned, "GittheFouttahere!"   "I know!" Serge squeals.   "Well what else ya' got, that's more in line with a Detroit cops pay?" Axle asks, looking serious. "How 'bout a nice fish taco? Serge asks, "They're delish, I serve them with a twist of lime..." "Okay," Axle says, "and send a Steak Burrito and a Chicken Quesadilla to that beige sedan parked in front of the meter." he starts braying like the mule he'll someday become.   "Excellent choices" Serge beams, "Nachos too?" "Why not," Axle replies, "Nothing but the best for Jacksonville's finest" CUE FAMILIAR MUSIC
I love that the ambiance is classified as "hipster, casual" especially since Jacksonville is trying to create that hip / urban scene that the city has been seriously lacking. Burrito Gallery is a great escape from those other fast casual Mexican restaurants and I try to stop by whenever I'm in town. The menu is both creative and safe. Still not sure how I feel about Asian-flavored tofu on a burrito, but it's there if you want to try it. Food quality is top notch.
Came here with my bro and cousin during an off time, so it was empty (thank god for no line lol). I was expecting a lot, especially when it came to the fish tacos since that's what EVERYONE was boasting about. So my cousin and I got 1 steak, 1 fish, and 1 ginger-teriyaki tofu taco each. My little brother got a steak burrito. We also got a side of guac and sour cream for our tacos and the BG Jalapeno Queso (we're queso addicts). The fish was good, but not as mind blowing as I thought it was going to be. It was kind of bland to me and my cousin. I can hardly remember what it tasted like lol, but i was disappointed that it didn't live up to the hype. The steak taco...that one I knew had to be good. I'm from LA and i LOVE steak tacos, so I always have high expectations. Was it like LA? No. Was it delicious? Yes. It was also a little bland, could have had more salt. Maybe they were having an off day when it came to the seasonings, I don't know lol. But I liked the steak more than I liked the fish. We wanted to try the ginger teriyaki tofu taco to be a little "adventurous". And you know what? The reason why I gave this place 4 stars is because my cousin and I LOVED the tofu taco! It was better than their meat selections, shockingly.  The sweetness and texture of the tofu really went well with the lettuce, tomato, cheese, and chimicurri sauce. While I had put sour cream and guac on all the tacos, I was actually mad at myself for putting it on my tofu taco. It doesn't need anything extra on it to, be honest. That tofu taco would be the reason why I go back. I actually bought 2 tofu tacos to-go bc I wasnt ready to part from the tofu just yet lol. I like this place. It seems very....indie, artsy, eclectic lol. I dig it and would recommend the tofu tacos to everyone.
This place is simply not special enough to warrant the drive into the sleepiest downtown in all of Florida. The food is different, but the taste isn't. While you won't find the originality of this spot at Chipotle, you will find better food.
Great find. I would not get the 'wet' burrito--the sauce didn't work for me, but loved the food. Others at the table raved about the shrimp tacos and tofu tacos.
So delish. Stopped by during Art Walk. This is usually "the place to be" during Art Walk. The place was busy but the service was quick and efficient. I had a fish taco...I could've done without it being fried/breaded, but my mouth is still tingling from the yummy slaw served beside it. Like Nat said, it's hard to find a table, but it's not BG's fault. Only major complaint is that the soda fountain is WAY too high. I'm average height and I had to stand on my tip-toes to reach. I couldn't see how full my cup was and it overflowed. Can't we just lower that counter a smidge???
I have been to this place more than a few times. The meat on anything is always so delicious seasoned to my liking. However customer service needs to be improved a ton!!! I am not picky but when I don't feel welcome in a place where I am paying to be there then I'd just rather not go back. This was my incident... I called ahead because I was unsure of their hours. I got there 20 minutes before they were closed and walked in because the door was unlocked and the hours posted on the door said they were still open. Also the two people in line gave me an indicator it was ok to order. As soon as I looked up to the menu a lady walked up to me and said the kitchen was closed. I said that you don't close for another twenty minutes and she said sometimes they close early if they don't have business. Maybe you guys should not post a closing time if you're just going to close whenever you feel like it. Especially if you leave your door unlocked and tell me you're open beforehand on the phone. Their food is good but Chomp Chomp is just down the street and is awesome. I'd go here again if the person I'm with wants to go but I'm just really big on people being nice especially if I'm the one giving you money.
I'm usually downtown only for Art Walk and Burrito Gallery is super slammed, so I always end up eat at Magnificat or Chomp Chomp. However last Saturday, I was in downtown for Fla/Ga and since football now bores me I headed to Burrito Gallery after the tailgate while everyone else was going to the game. A coworker had told me to sit in the back courtyard in order to get table service, which was a great idea after standing for a couple of hours tailgating. She had mentioned how amazing the teriyaki tofu burrito was, so I had to try it since Burrito Gallery was the first only place she had had tofu. Someone, had brought her and made her order it. So, I'm now spreading the advice:  try the tofu terikayi burrito.  Burrito Gallery's tofu is cooked with love and is super yummy! Service was a little strange, since we had three different waiters. The second waiter was super and suggested that next time we could make our burrito more custom.  The only negative thing about my experience was that as we were sitting outside eating chips and queso a third server came and asked us if we needed anything. We said no, but we could use the check. We both still had a chip in our hand and she took the tray with chips and queso and threw it in a garbage can. I was too shocked to say anything, but I guess she thought we were done done.
I was slow to come around to this place, but I'm so happy that I finally did. I'm a big fan of the fish tacos. I'm a fan of the spacious interior. I'm a fan of the shrimp chopped salad. The only reason I can't give the gallery a five is because the parking is terrible. It's street parking along East Adams Street. To their defense, next door Indochine (which I'm not a fan of) is also plagued with the same problem, so it's not just like the gallery in particular wanted to make parking bad for us patrons. The gallery gets four stars because of the wonderful taste of all its food. The prices are reasonable and the portions are always massive. Some people go to Burrito Gallery after having drunken adventures at one (or more) of the nearby downtown bars. But I submit to you that this place is a destination restaurant in Jacksonville even if you're not trying to sober up before the drive home. I have never used it, but I see a lot of people sitting and dining in the outside atrium area. And I like that the outside area isn't obscuring the sidewalk. So, in conclusion, I can't think of too much to speak badly about this place.
The trivia was really funny -- extremely complex questions about, like, The Lion King and shit -- but that mighta been because we were slightly high on top-shelf margaritas, cheeeeeeeeese sauce and making out in a new town. Friendly bartenders gave us a nightcap recco, too, which turned out nicely, even if they totally fucked up the directions. No bigs, though, just GPS that shit if you get the same treatment.
I visited the Burrito Gallery last time I attended Art Walk in Downtown Jax. The walk, which is held the first Wednesday of every month, allows patrons to carry open containers while they stroll through the downtown area, perusing displayed art, vendor booths and enjoying live music. The Burrito Gallery has tons of local art on display and live music on the back patio, so it is always PACKED for the event. My friend and I decided to try it out for dinner despite the crowd. After wading through a sea of hipsters in the front room, we found two empty seats at the back bar. The beer selection was pretty basic, and we were served our choices in plastic cups. Burritos are a little much for me, so I decided to go with a couple tacos. I usually skip red meat, but Beef Barbacoa is one exception I will make without hesitation! So, ok, that was one taco selection made. For the second one I wanted to try something new. I asked the bartender for a recommendation and, without hesitation, she pointed out the Ginger Teriyaki Tofu Taco. Sounds good, bring it on. My tacos, along with my friend's burrito, arrived surprisingly quick for how busy it was. I was immediately ecstatic that I ordered the Tofu taco. It smelled unbelievable and looked crisp and flavorful. I fell in love after just one bite. The tofu was firm on the outside, with a chewy, taste-packed texture on the inside. It tasted like it had been marinated in the Ginger-Teriyaki blend for days. So tasty. The Barbacoa was also yummy and exactly what I expected. Overall this was a delicious, quick and FUN experience, plus I was introduced to a new favorite taco. Good times all around!
My favourite thing here is 'Paul's Extreme Nachos," followed by yellow curry chicken whatever. As long as you hit before noon, it's a great place to go. A few weeks ago we went there and I was completely broke, so I managed to get chips + salsa, one taco + a water for under $4, and still enjoyed the hell out of it. On a non-food related note, the lovely staff here account for the majority of Jacksonville's "good"  music and nightlife crowd. Thanks for being the other 5 people who go out on weeknights! Go here, support it. It's really good, but if you live here you know that already.
Oof. I am a lover of burritos. I wanted to love Burrito Gallery (it's walking distance from my home in Springfield.) But, oof. I came during lunch on a weekday and this place was packed with office people; there wasn't a table to be found (which doesn't impact my review, as a busy restaurant shouldn't be reviewed poorly because it is popular; this is just more of a helpful tip). I waited in a line snaking through the restaurant for 20 + minutes. I ordered a Carnitas Burrito, wet. (East Coast, why must you use such unappetizing phrasing such as "wet"? In Colorado or New Mexico, a burrito with chili on top is "smothered"). Figured I'd go big and get wet. Ingredients were bland, no trace of garlic, oregano, lime, meat stock, etc. Carnitas should be moist and melt in your mouth, a little salty fatty. It's pork!  Cheddar cheese is also huge turnoff (ay, gringo), and the red sauce on the burrito was frankly, gross and not visually appealing.   A month or so later, my friend offered to go pick up Burrito Gallery for lunch; I didn't want to be a pooner and ordered some carnitas tacos; those were slightly better, but still. Cheddar cheese. On the plus side: Burrito Gallery has an awesome hot sauce bar. Bland food can be redeemed with hot sauce. Jacksonville: where are your good burritos? Burrito Gallery: meh. Hightide: meh.  I'm sticking to Chipotle, man!
As a hot spot for downtown you're sure to run into someone you know. Good stuff if you're craving a burrito (when are you not is the question), the chicken curry burrito is really unique but it still gives you that warm burrito feel. Best part is that it's locally owned and operated!
Have eaten at BG many times throughout the past few years (we'd call ahead and pick up when working late nights downtown back in 2005), and it's okay; nothing spectacular. Must say I enjoy BG's other spot -- Uptown Market -- owned by the same folks, which is located in Springfield on Main Street. I've enjoy the tacos, particularly the ginger terriyaki tofu, and the small cup of slaw. Burritos are good, and large. Everything else I've had has been "meh" and overpriced (my boyfriend had a salad and a side of chips last time with a soda and it neared $20. For fast-casual!). With newcomers Chomp Chomp and olio nearby, upstairs neighbor Indochine, and even the cafe in Chamblin's Bookmine, BG isn't on my radar much these days. For $7 I can have a freshly made delicious sandwich and large side of curry chips at Chomp Chomp. The back patio is great for a beer when the weather is right.
Great food.  Great service.   I have never had a bad experience here. Burritos (obviously) are awesome.  I am typically not a seafood guy but I love their Cajun fish burrito. They serve China Mist tea which is excellent.
First visit for the family and me. The decor was interesting to say the least. I saw a picture of Barack Obama dressed like a youth on the street listening to a boom box, then another painting of a teddy bear holding his still beating and bleeding heart in his hand, well! Anyway, the food was very good. I had a steak burrito with black pinto beans. Like Naomi said, I didn't want the large one because the medium was BIG! My kids had chicken tacos, the wife a shrimp taco. Everybody enjoyed their food. The tortilla chips were good. The sauce not so much. There was a lot more chopped tomatoes than sauce, so I ate the rest of the chips without it. The staff was polite and helpful in helping us decide what to get. I think we might come back again.
Dear Fish Tacos, I sincerely apologize for all the negative, derogatory things I said about you before. Today, you showed me nothing but oral kindness (why does that sound naughty?!) and I am forever grateful!             All My Love, Rita That may seem a bit much but that's how I feel lol I am not at all big on Mexican food of any kind...its not that I don't like it, it's just that it's never a cuisine I say "Hmm, I'm in the mood for...". But Burrito Gallery has changed that for me today! I enjoyed my very first Fish Taco ever and it was NOTHING like I always thought it would be, which is unbearably fishy. There was a delightful clash of flavors...my taste buds were on Cloud 9! A little sweet, a little tangy, an afterthought of spice, and just overall OMG! I see why the girl behind the counter recommended it when I asked what was the favorite for the locals. I can't wait to go back and see what other culinary treasures I can indulge in!
Congrats on winning by default. In a downtown with almost no quick and cheap options, I often have no choice but to go here. The food is just ok, but it is especially annoying when my items I ordered because they have avocado in them just have no avocado. You think they could have told me...try to avoid it if you can.
If you're in it for the scene, this is your place. For the actual tacos..... I've been in San Diego, CA for the past 6 years, so I'm fairly certain my assessment of anything food related ending in "ito" is nothing short of culturally sound. The tacos were just okay... I'm lost for a reason (other than adding fluff with low-cost items to make up for volume of product and a create a lower food cost) people around here choose to put "my choice of whole black beans or refried beans" as an option in my burrito....presuming it should be as such from the beginning...   I know I'm biased from where I've lived.  And, unfortunately, I'm a tougher critic than most, having worked in the industry my whole life.  I think it'll take a second visit to The Burrito Gallery for me to turn these two stars a bit higher up..  Until then, for sure check out the scene there (and also, from what I've heard, consistency), as it seems to be the only thing going for them.
If you are hungry for tacos this is the place. Fast and cheap but Deliscious! I ordered a Carne Asada (beef), Carnitas (pork), and chicken tacos all $2.75 each with a side of guac (extra cost) and their home made cole slaw (free). Yum! It gets really busy so try to snag a table as fast as you can. There is a bar and porch seating at the back of the restaurant if the front gets packed.
I went here on Art Walk night, and it was PACKED, which is a good sign of course! Anyway, I bought the chicken tacos. They were most definitely the BEST chicken tacos I've ever had. I wouldn't change a thing, so I can't even expand on that anymore than I already have. Service was impersonal and meh, but I got my tacos without tomatoes as requested so SCORE. The coleslaw was even f'in delish and I don't even like coleslaw. Whatever dressing they use in it was the best idea ever.
OK. Update necessary. I've been back several times now including with friends (who agreed these are some of the best burritos ever, period), and service has been top notch. But better still, are the burritos. They're truly ridiculous. In fact, I've decided that the ginger tofu burrito is my hands down favorite burrito of all time. So 5 stars it is. My favorite time to come is Saturday early evening. The place is nearly always basically deserted. I order a Stella on draft, enjoy it in the bar, and await my burrito to go. If you live here and have not experienced the Burrito Gallery, I'm sorry friend, but you are crazy. This place is da bomb. Word.
We used to LOVE this place while we were stationed in Kings Bay, GA and living in Fernandina Beach.  I'm from DC...so I'm not above driving a little ways out to get some good food.  I was a bit disappointed/shocked when I first received my first order of tacos.  I have two words with an emphasis on the first...FLOUR TORTILLA.  Ughhhhh. BUT...those damn fish & shrimp tacos had us constantly begging for more.  My 5'2", 110lb. frame would easily pack away 7-8 tacos (1 order of fish, 1 order of shrimp, and then split another order of either with the hubby).  Our kids loved the ginormous quesadilla.  I loved the spiciness of the blackened seafood and the creamy goodness that came with it.  We didn't care much for the sweet cabbage slaw and often ended up tossing it. My only complaint...Pepsi products.  Other than that...don't go there expecting Mexican food or anything remotely authentic.  But...go there and expect consistently awesome food.  The service was good too...nice people. We're stationed back in VA now and missing us some yummy fish and shrimp tacos. Burrito Gallery...we miss you.
I'm a fan of connecting cultures culinarily.  The yellow curry burrito fuses my love for Mexican and Indian cuisines.  Yummy beans, rice, and salsa.  Cheap too. Tip:  Call your order in because lunch lines can go out the door.
Intriguingly tasty, but in the end, I didn't love it. There's a lot of good things to be said about this place: downtown location, full bar, patio, friendly service, local art, and so on. And I was pleasantly surprised by the unique twist they put on their food, what with the yellow curry chicken and ginger teriyaki tofu burritos. I went with the yellow curry chicken burrito with black beans and guacamole; the small ($5.50; the large is $7.25) was reasonably priced and big enough for me, though I suppose I wasn't terribly hungry. I've always expected Indian and Mexican cuisine to mesh well together, given certain rough parallels between the two. Of course, this isn't to say that this place's burritos are authentically Mexican, or that this place's chicken is authentically Indian. But the approximations are there. The burrito itself was ... interesting. By itself, the chicken would've been pretty mediocre. It tasted like someone had just gotten a bottle of generic "curry powder" from the grocery store and sprinkled it in. But in the context of the burrito -- flour tortilla, rice, black beans, pico de gallo, and guacamole -- hrm. I'm not exactly sure what it was, but something felt really off here. I think that I was really intrigued by the flavor in the first few bites, but then things caught up with me. I wasn't a huge fan of the mediocre chicken itself, and it clashed with the tang of the pico de gallo, and even more so with the guacamole. By the end, I wasn't a fan, and I didn't quite finish my burrito. Anyway, four stars, if only for the valiant attempt at an interesting fusion cuisine and the enjoyable first couple of bites. And -- I almost forgot -- there's some tasty coleslaw on the side.
Great food! I got three tacos (steak, fish, carnitas) and they were all good, though the steak wasn't very tender. The chips and salsa/guac were both fantastic. In all, I spent $12, so not the cheapest but definitely worth it.
Fish in a burrito?  Say YES!  One of the best burritos this guy has ever eaten. Loved the atmosphere inside, but sat on the huge back patio.  The Cajun Fish burrito was excellent, and the guacamole is a must-add.  The fish was cooked perfectly and not at all dry.  The guac was very fresh and very flavorful, both items usually missing.  The medium burrito was the perfect size for lunch, and the service didn't miss a beat.   Highly recommended.
Burrito Gallery is a great, big-city style restaurant with many eclectic people and surroundings. First the (only) con: chips and salsa are not included, and the salsa you purchase is barely enough to get through three chips.  We're big salsa people, so we usually use salsa as a benchmark for Southwestern/Mexican, and we like to go through a lot. However, the salsa was very good, as was the food, service, and atmosphere.  We got the steak burritos with guacamole, very tasty but maybe not enough to write home about.  The steak was much more fresh than the chain burrito joints; freshly grilled and delicious.  Next time we'd probably try some of the more creative dishes they have: curry burrito, ginger, etc. The tap beer selection was good, and prices were pretty reasonable all around.
I really like this place.  It's a tad overpriced (especially if you want to add guac and stuff) but the burritos are pretty big and I found them to be tasty. Don't expect authentic Mexican cuisine.  This place is as Mexican as Chipotle.  Both places are yummy though.  =) I like how they have all sorts of hot sauces available for you.  But it's the green sauce that I go for!  How can you have burrito and not have the green sauce?! I hear this place gets packed but every time I've been here, it's been pretty empty.  I do come here at off hours though so I guess it would be wiser for you to listen to others when they say it gets packed.  If that's the case, just call in and place your order about 20 minutes prior to arriving to avoid the line. Oh, I forgot to mention the slaw.  My favorite!  Mmmm!
Tried this place for the first time on Thursday, July 11, 2013. I was disappointed with the flavor of my burrito.  The decor was ok and as a fast casual restaurant, there wasn't much service.
Burritos + Awesome Local Art + Outdoor Patio w/ Awesome View of Downtown + Live Music + Full Bar + BURRITOS [Did I mention the Burittos?] = Heck Yes. Burrito Gallery is by far, hands down my favorite burrito joint in Jacksonville. Not only are the burritos always deliciously prepared with very fresh ingredients, but it is seriously one of the most fun restaurants/bars in all of Jacksonville. It is a one stop shop. You can go there, grab a burrito [reason enough], grab a delicious cocktail/beer/glass of vino, sit outside, enjoy Jacksonville's skyline, AND listen to live music? Hello... is there any reason one would NOT come here? I have never heard a bad word about this place and if I did I would kick that person in the shins. Not really, but you would have to be pretty daft not to get that this place is amazing. All the people who work there are hip and young and extremely friendly while simultaneously making you feel cooler because they are very friendly to you and when someone cool like them is nice to you it must mean you are also cool. All the burritos/tacos/quesadilla/etc come with their homemade coleslaw that is a little bit ranchero, a little bit spicy chipotle. They make their own green hot sauce that might look skeptical upon first glance, but it is definitely a must have. The chips and salsa are a little out of proportion in the chips:salsa ratio, but I am not kidding when I say you should just pour some green hot sauce in a plastic cup [provided] and be done with it. It seconds as a great dipping sauce easily. I love the Veggie Burrito, packed full of the healthy stuff. Also must try the Curry Chicken Burrito. It's fantastic and completely addicting. Also, since they serve food until midnight on Fridays, it is a great place to grab a semi-late night meal downtown pre or post bar hopping. [And you can start or end your bar hopping there at their awesome bar. Two birds!] Two thumbs way up.
They seem to have their system down here at BG.  Don't be intimidated by the line at the front door.  It does move quickly.  The biggest obstacle is finding a place to sit. Food was great and staff was friendly.  Thanks BG for making my experience in Jax memorable.
Stopped by on a Tuesday night for a quick bite to eat. The inside is very open, and you can imagine quite a crowd on a Friday night. The service was very friendly, and the seating functional. I had the Chicken Curry Burrito, and boy howdy was it tasty! I had not planned on eating the entire thing, since it was good sized, but before I knew it I had devoured it. A very nice place to take friends on a night out after a concert or game. Man, it makes me hungry thinking back on it!
Came here during Jazz fest & there was quite a large crowd! BG handled it beautifully and we got our food within 10 minutes! I ordered a barbacoa & carnitas taco & my husband had a steak burrito. The meat in my tacos was moist & seasoned well. I would have liked if there would have been some sort of sauce on the tacos (sour cream, guac or even more salsa) but they were still delicious with the simple toppings. We also had a side of chips & salsa. The salsa was so fresh and more like a pico de gallo with lots of tomatos, fresh cilantro & onions. They refilled our salsa without charging extra, which was appreciated. I wasn't a big fan of the sweet cole slaw served on the side of our dishes, as it didn't seem to really fit with the meal. Overall, enjoyed burrito gallery & will be returning.
Burritos and Mexican are one of those foods I usually want to be in the mood for... But this place came recommended and while visiting Jax for the weekend, we walked by while searching for sandwiches or a cafe.  We decided to give it a try and loved it.  Enjoyed the carnita burrito served open in a bowl with the tortilla on the side. There's a bar in the back behind the self-service counter.  Great atmosphere here...  Ended up staying for a while afterwards enjoying the bar and drinks.  There's also a big outdoor patio in the back. Great find in Jacksonville.
Had the cajun fish burrito served wet (ranchero sauce and cheese). Was very tasty. Had chips with the burrito, but very minimal salsa selection.
We came in with 6 people. They delivered food for 5 of us fairly quickly and the 6th meal which was just 3 shrimp tacos took an extra 25 minutes. That's pretty ridiculous. The entire table finished our meals before the 6th person got theirs. The food was really good. My chicken quesadilla was awesome! The meal was ruined by the last person's food taking years to get here. How hard can it be to make 3 shrimp tacos?
Great food, great price, and great selection! Perfect place to grab dinner when you're in town. I will definitely have to come back to Burrito Gallery every time I visit Jacksonville.
This place is great!  I have been there for lunch and to simply hang at the bar and enjoy a great drink and listen to some live music.  The burritos (obviously) are sooo good and it is a great value for the money as well. Tell your friends.  This place is great.  Not to mention that I think they have a place at "The Jack" behind the north end-zone as well.  I got a taco there during a Jags game last year and couldn't have been happier.
Great, funky little place. Don't let the standard looking front room and counter throw you off. Go though to the bar and patio out back. That's the spot.  Funky and informal. A weeknight there you have goth kids at one table and suits at the next. We had chips and queso starter, the queso was spicy and excellent. I had a carnitas burrito, regular size, and it was plenty big, and delicious. My friends had tacos and a salad and said they were great. More friends joined us for drinks, enjoying their selection of beers etc, and we had a great time.  Good fun and a fun place, what more could you ask.
The atmosphere was very colorful and eye-catching. I enjoyed the art on the wall. The service was fast, but not so pleasant. It was my first time visiting, so I stared at the menu with a blank stare. Never once was I asked if I had questions or anything. Just a blank stare back at me. In my opinion, the prices were right. There was a good size portion of food. The chicken taco was good, the carnitas taco was yummy, and the steak taco was delicious. I also enjoyed the steak quesadillas too. There was a variety of flavorful and HOT bottled hot sauces to try. Overall, I will be returning again because there is more on the menu that I want to try. Hopefully the service will be a little more welcoming and friendl next time.
Nice huge burritos and the staff is really kind. My daughter who 4 just loved the attention from the staff. We went for the Sharks autograph day and she has a burrito gallery shirt on so the man told her she worked there and she just loved the idea. She kept moving the chairs and asking people if they were hungry. Its a nice location and we will come back. The food is really good and a great deal.
I ate here a long time ago but the place was awesome and I'm really sad that I haven't been back. they have huge burritos and all the stuff that goes in them is awesome and hot sauce.  yummy!
I got the Cajun shrimp tacos my friend got the chicken burrito. It was really good besides the lack of me being able to chew due to wisdom teeth.  Went their on a Saturday afternoon around 2 very very empty I was expecting it to be packed. Shocker. Back patio is awesome!!!
Great food and even better margaritas!
This place is my favorite restaurant in Jacksonville. Their food is amazing and far overstuffed. If you get the burrito, make sure to get the smaller sized one. The large burrito is bigger than your head and could easily feed an entire family of four. Their avocado is clearly fresh made and is amazing with tortilla chips. Their Tofu tacos make my day, and when I find out the recipe for that slaw they have I will reach true enlightenment. Also: Full Bar in the back :)
We had a wonderful lunch here. Huge burritos and yummy fish tacos. This was just as good as anything you could get back in CA.
The five star rating comes with the description, "As good as it gets!" and that couldn't be more true of Burrito Gallery.  I've been here a hundred times, it feels like, and still battle between old favorites and trying something new.  The wonderful problem is that each time I try something new, it becomes my new favorite. Burritos are nothing short of awesome.  While not quite the size of a Californian burrito, they're much larger than what you'd get at Moe's or Chipotle.  Size isn't everything: what's inside matters, of course.  Tofu's an option if you're not into meat, but if you choose anything other than shrimp, you're missing out. I suggest you get a wet burrito, as this will come served on a platter with red sauce along with sides; normal style comes a la carte.  If you prefer your meal flat, the chicken quesadilla is also excellent and comes with a free side of salsa.  Guacamole is tasty, as is the salsa, and even though it's a minor annoyance that chips and dips have to be purchased separately from normal meals, they're good enough to be worthy of a couple extra bucks. Burrito Gallery is split into two areas: front of house is counter service, while back of house has table service, a full bar and a patio with live music many nights.  I wonder how many patrons never even realize the bar and patio exist? The two sides seem to have their own audiences, with the front appealing more to the business and family crowds, while the back serves a hipper, townie audience. Of course, it wouldn't be called "Gallery" without the art.  Local artists' work change out on a monthly basis.  With more hits than misses, it's always fun to see not only who, but what, is hanging at Burrito Gallery.  As one of downtown's best quick and local offerings, it's common to see Jaguars players and staff stop by to pick up a meal.  Burrito Gallery is widely known as CB Rashean Mathis' favorite meal stop, and he's done a good job spreading the word. If you find yourself in downtown, this should be your first stop. Highest recommendation. Make sure to stop by on Art Walk Wednesdays in particular for a great mid-week atmosphere.
THE BEST BURRITOS EVER. Personally, I do not think the food scene in Jacksonville is the strongest, but I do think Burrito Gallery could compete in major cities like NYC or LA. The burritos have a flair to them that makes them original and freakin' delicious. They are also huge and pretty cheap for what you get. Burrito Gallery is a Jacksonville staple that you must try!!!
I had high hopes for this place but wasn't blown away.  The food was good, not great and they managed to get our entire order wrong.  It just didn't taste fresh and there was no depth to the flavors.  I would go back but would probably try something besides the burrito.
So I've been here twice. The first time was amazing. Food was great and the prices are fair but the second time I decided to sit outside at the patio and never ordered. The waitresses just kept walking by me and helped every table but continued to ignore me. I walked out after 10 min of waiting for no service. I'm not sure if I would ever go back because the staff was straight up ignoring me. I have an hr lunch. I'm not going to beg for service.
I came during the lunch time rush on a weekday so it was packed with business types but our server still managed to treat everyone at my table like we were the only ones there. Inside was a little too loud and crowded for my taste so the patio was perfect. As for the food I loved both of the tacos I got- carnitas with loads of sour cream and ginger teriyaki tofu. When I come back next time I want to try different dishes but I know I'll always order at least one ginger teriyaki tofu because it was packed with flavor!
My coworkers frequent this place more than their own offices.   I like their fish tacos and their coleslaw, but the burritos are nothing to write home about and their guacamole tastes like cumin and nothing else.  And, for christssakes, will you please lower the soda machine?!?  I'm 5'2" and, by the time I realize that I've overfilled my cup, I've got ice cubes pelting me on the head. So why is Burrito Gallery so popular?  I think it's because of the perception of coolness.  Meaning that people who eat there want to develop or uphold their perception of coolness.  For example, you're cool because (with BG's full bar) you can order a tequila sunrise to wash down your vegetarian teriyaki ginger tofu quesadilla (not an option on the menu - I'm just using it for literary imagery).  You can gaze at the local artwork adorning the walls and reminisce fondly of your time as a cool graphic arts major at SCAD.  You can have your chips and salsa served to you by tattooed hipsters with stretched earlobes a la Amazonian bushmen.  They will be aloof and they'll act as though they'd rather be playing guitar with their punk band or hairspraying their ironic fauxhawks.  They are too damn cool to be serving you food and, by accepting said food, you are osmotically absorbing some of their coolness.  If coolness is an issue for you, then you will enjoy the Gallery.
One of the most flavorful burrito joints in the city. Great atmosphere and very trendy. If you work downtown, this is the place to eat. :)
Most everyone that comes here likes it and you probably will too - it's the best fast-service restaurant Downtown. BG is located in a cool building and they really make use of the space - as you walk up there are a few tables out front on Adams, inside there is the main dining area with a counter where you can choose from their excellent takes on Southwestern standards (mahi tacos, curry chicken burritos, kickass salads), down a hallway to the right of the counter is the bar and past that is an enclosed outdoor courtyard with tables and a small stage. That's right - four different places to sit and eat/drink, each with their own feel but all within the same joint. Wherever you sit, the burritos are tasty and huge (they have Regular & Large sizes and Regular is all you'll really need), they have great beers on tap and you will likely see many loyal regulars pass through. If you come during lunch rush or during Artwalk (first Wednesday evening every month) the line at the counter could very well be out the door.
Sorry, the food quality and taste was Disappointing !! I really wanted to love this place and wanted to make this my everyday place.   But as it turned out, it was a major let down. I stopped by for Dinner at around 8:30 PM and ordered a Taco Salad with no meat and extra veggies. The insides of the Taco shell was decent, but not great to taste - lettuce, tomatoes, black beans and pinto beans (not refried) and I added some additional tabasco. The Taco shell was pathetic, it smelled stale and old - overall I just ate the insides and threw out the shell. Next, I ordered (to go) some chips with Gauc and sour cream to much while I work late night at my Hotel - usually till 2:00 AM in the mornings. After about an hour of coming back to Hotel, I started to try the chips with Gauc and Sour cream.    The Gauc was one of the worst I've ever had, I can make better Gauc in less than 10 mins.    And the chips was odorless and tasteless - threw away all the stuff. This place really lacks some decent mexican restaurants - Cinco De Mayo (jacksonville landing) was even worse .. The place has a lot of hip factor to it, lot of youngsters in their early 20s and friendly staff  - maybe the ambiance with a couple of drinks makes the food feel better ?   Honestly I do not know why the place would get this high a rating.   But everyone is entitled to an opinion and I respect that !
Well, after hearing nothing but good reviews about the BG I zipped DT from Arlington for a late lunch (2pm) I had a craving for Fish Tacos and was happy to see them on the menu! After standing at the counter watching a guy fill about 20 of 50 small plastic cups with condiments, he finally asked me if I'd like to order. Sure I said and replied that the Fish Taco's sounded good. With that he whipped around and blurted my order to someone in the kitchen and then rang me up. When I asked him what drinks were avail he apologized for assuming the water bottle on the counter (next to all the other clutter of newspapers and books and whatever) was mine. He soon vanished, so I wandered around the condiment/beverage station looking for the water dispenser on the drink fountain. I finally found it, a small unmarked or mis-marked (can't remember now) tab, next to some other beverage. I found a seat and sat down to read the Folio Weekly ( a plus that it was available here) at a wobbly table that hadn't been wiped down recently and waited for my tacos. The tacos arrived in a short amount of time so my experience was seeming to get better as they looked and smelled awesome! You get 3 tacos with nice chunks of fresh blackened fish (grilled, no batter) with  sauce, cabbage and salsa for about 5 bucks. Well, if you like REALLY SPICY food than these will be perfect for you! The fish was blackened heavily and the sauce was tasty but just too HOT. The tacos would have been much better if one or the other condiments had less heat because the spice overpowered everything. I don't mind a bit of heat but I couldn't enjoy them because they were just too hot! I finally gave up and tossed them in the garbage. Im assuming all the food isnt this spicy but I doubt I'll be back. It wasnt that clean, and the music was really loud that day. Parking is hard to find, don't park in the lot next door you'll get a ticket. Maybe not a lunch spot, more of a place to hit before or after the club as I assume it mostly is.
This is the place where everybody knows your name. I don't even have to order. I walk in and my ice-cold Corona is placed in front of me on the bar. Minutes later, my chips, salsa and guacamole appear with a bottle of Burrito Gallery's famous green hot sauce. My server (usually Marco, Maryann or Erin) will confirm my order (I love the carnitas burrito with black beans and guacamole) and ensure my beer isn't empty. After a long day of work, Burrito Gallery is a great, relaxed place to unwind. The beer is always cold, the margaritas are salty and life is good.
Lovin' the fish tacos, the steak tacos, the ... well, all the tacos.... fun place to dive into for food & beer, to chill, and to listen to live music.
There is only one thing I come here for when I travel to Jacksonville and that is the fish burrito.  Have it regular sized or have it grande.  Either way you cannot go wrong.  I love the flavor, I love the heat.  The only thing is that it does take a bit of time to get to you. That being said, the wait is worth it.  Nestled in downtown Jacksonville, this is a treat for the locals and I am glad I discovered it while I was there.  All other fish burritos I try are compared to you Burrito Gallery!
Love this place.  I recommend the tacos over the burritos.  The burritos have lots of rice, which I can pass on.  The have a rocking homemade tomatillo sauce.  If you don't see any left (bc it is sooo good) just ask.  They have bands quite a bit and the back patio is nice.  I like the tecate specials and if you ask the bartender really nicely, she will make you a sangria.
Really wanted to like it. Service and eating area are nothing to write home about. The bar has potential but those bartenders can't make a decent Manhattan to save their lives (why I keep giving them more chances I'll never know!). The only thing that brought my rating up to a 3 instead of a two is that I really enjoyed the fish tacos. And the prices are good.
Great tacos, great burritos, full bar and outdoor seating...... what more could you want?!? Add an extremely nice staff and you come up with a great place. I lived in San Diego for awhile, which could be the burrito capital of the US, and BG matches up to those. I didn't give them five stars because it is burritos and tacos we're talking about, but they are the best in Jax. I eat there on average at least once a week.  Stick to the tacos or burritos and you will love it.
I don't know many people who don't like Burrito Gallery. Their green sauce is to die for. If you are getting a burrito make sure you ask for it wet. It's $2.00 more, biut it comes with chips, red sauce, sour cream, and guac. Best deal in town.
Of course these are the best burritos you're going to find and I assume they're about the same price range as the chain places and a little bigger. This is another place where i only get one of 2 things, the teriyaki tofu burrito or the curry chicken burrito. Usually 2/3's is the perfect amount, then I save the rest for later, and they have no problem giving you an extra piece of foil and paper bag for the remainder. They are definitely local art/event friendly, and they have a little bar/venue in the back. When you eat there, you're without a doubt supporting a local business that excels in what they do. Downsides: When you order a burrito, tell them you want tortilla chips, or else you get coleslaw which is really good, but the little cup is plastic and then you need a fork to eat it which is also plastic, and all that goes in the trash unrecycled. They never have a problem with your bringing in a water bottle and filling it at the soda fountain, but I think if you get a drink there, the cup is styrofoam. Also, it gets pretty crowded at the weekday lunch hour.
Great place for lunch or dinner. The tacos and burritos are both fantastic. My personal favorites are the barbacoa, cajun fish, chicken, or cajun shrimp fillings. The chimichuri served on all meals is great as well. They also have fresh green chili sauce that adds a bit of kick to any of their dishes.
A hipster burrito joint with psychedelic paintings and vodka - all the essentials of a Friday night, and the burrito is decent!
We had a carnitas burrito and a steak burrito. Both were good because they had fresh ingredients and good seasoning. Price for regular burrito was reasonable, but adding guacamole and sour cream adds up. We sat on the first floor and had to clean the table because it was dirty from prior customers. Coleslaw tasted good, but the portion was small. Heads up... If there are two of you and you're not starving, you could order the large burrito and share. This advise was provided to us (after we paid for two regular sized ones).
First time going to Burrito Gallery. I didnt know what to expect except great food, after reading a few reviews and seeing their 6 years in a row "Best of Downtown Jacksonville Award." As I walked in, I wanted to put on my noise cancelling headphones; the music was a little louder than usual and the genre of music its definitely not on my ipod shuffle. I am not judging my experience on a restaurant by its mus8c more so than its food, so lets get to the good stuff.  I stepped up to the counter to place my order. I order a steak quesadilla and my wife order tacos (steak, ckn and carnitas). The order came up cheaper than what I was expecting. It was steal. We made our way to the drinks and picked a few of the hot sauces they have on display and we patiently waited for our order. After receiving our food I was impressed with the quantity and presentation.  The steak quesadilla didnt stand a chance and my wife's tacos were calling my name lol. Overall the food was delicious. The quesadilla was cheesy and the steak was seasoned properly. My wifes tacos were pretty good as well. The carnitas were tender and juicy, the steak was the same steakbused on the quesadilla and the chicken was great. I'm happy to say that Burrito Gallery has made a great impression on me and I will definitely come back for more.
I used to go here weekly when I worked downtown. Great place to eat, just wish it wasn't so crowded all the time.
This place is not memorable!  I ate there with two foodies and we were all a little disappointed.  The food was just ok, nothing really stood out.  The restaurant was pretty cool inside and I loved the concept, I just think it's a little over rated.
Some friends and I hit up BG for lunch yesterday. Friday at 11:45 am = busy!  The line was already 6 people deep, but we went out back for table service. There is plenty of shade and prompt service. The burritos are big and have lots of rice. My new go to lunch is carnitas tacos and chips and queso. Yummy without the burrito coma. Make sure you come back for happy hour. The bar has a frozen drink machine with piña colada and (I think) mango. I request them both swirled together and happily forget my work day.
Burrito Gallery is what I'm craving this very moment. Just thinking about their delightfully seasoned and savory shrimp tacos makes my tummy growl. Everything tastes cooked to order and their burritos are not only yummy, they're huge. Plan to split or order a small unless you're a dinosaur. The steak burritos are my favorite. The place is simple and chill with local art on the walls, great music playlist, and addicting food.
This place is GREAT! Mix the Sirachi hot sauce with sour cream and put it on the teriyaki tofu it AWSOME!
Great food and fun environment! I dined here with friends on a Wednesday night, pre-concert (show was at Florida Theater). There was quite the line but it moved very quickly. We were lucky enough to snag a seat, although we had people jockeying for our table even before we received our food! That was slightly annoying but it is not BG's fault! I ordered a carnitas burrito, which was delicious. The flavors in the carnitas was yum and it was not dry at all. This joint had good energy and great food. I look forward to returning!
Absolutely LOVE this restaurant! I have never eaten anything I didn't like here. Definitely a fun place to go especially if you are going to artwalk. Very busy on weekdays so be prepared to wait!
This is a great treasure that downtown Jacksonville has. In a effort to revitalize downtown Jacksonville Burrito Gallery has become the artsy hip place to get lunch by yuppies, hipsters, and nerds like me.   When you go I recommend you get the fish taco's. They are very nice and when I say nice, I mean they are always juicy, and exactly what you wish you had the first time you ordered a fish taco. Make sure to get lost of salsa Verde for what ever you eat. There is nothing like getting off early from work, grabbing a few taco's and a cold XX's.   While you are here notice the wildlife, it's a suiting word, any you can spend all lunch people watching. You can eat outside or inside while here. If you can stand the heat then make it outside. They have a little urban courtyard where they serve you.   4 stars because this place does those fish taco's crazy! If I could I would get a bit more ventilation in the back outdoor space, and a staff that's a bit more proactive.
Best tofu I've ever had, probably because it is soaked in teriyaki. At a great price, you can get this incredible tofu burrito (or sometimes I will do the tofu quesadillas, which are not on the menu) The guac is not so good; it is different, so be prepared. People also like the fish tacos, but seeing how I don't eat fish, I would recommend the tofu allllll the way.
I tried the shrimp, carne, and pork tacos. All were delicious! Prices are cheap!
This place is fantastic. I ate here on a recent visit to Jacksonville and I loved it. My wife had the shrimp burrito with black beans and I had the fish tacos. We got her burrito "wet" which meant it came with chips and guac. Wow! The size is amazing and the flavor is wonderful. Perfect place to go to either start or end a night. Oh yeah and it has a bar attached. Rad!
Enjoyed my first trip to BG.  On way to JAX Craft Beer Fest, tasty base to get started with.
I ordered the steak burrito and made it wet "includes sour cream and guacamole" in regular size and it came with chips. The burrito was delicious and the watermelon sweet tea was a bit too sweet so I mixed it with the unsweetened one and it was perfect. I came during lunch time on the weekdays and there wasn't a long wait at all.
I had a chicken burrito, it was "eeeh" okay.  I think Chipotle is way better!
Good decent size burrito, it was season very well only thing I didn't like was that the tortilla wasn't cooked and kinda soggy, fell apart in your hand. Other than that I had the medium sized beef burrito (still big) tasted great. Its good for a Mexican type of restaurant in Jacksonville.
Burrito Gallery downtown is delicious (too busy for its own good, but that's a good problem to have, I suppose). However, the one in Jax Beach closes like it's near a bunch of churches and not bars. Who closes at midnight on a Saturday? If you don't want to stay open, let someone else move in that spot!
Best burrito ever!
This is a dive, college, with Cali-Mex stile burritos and tacos.   I had a Steak Burrito that was huge and the steak had good flavor. I don't care for the rice in my burritos but that is pretty traditional Cali-Mex.  I also had the Carnitas taco which was unbelievably good. So good that as soon as I finish this I am getting 3 more. They are a steal at $7 for 3.   The atmosphere has the feel of a guys first place after moving out of the dorm in college. The walls need paint and are adorned with coffee house type art from young local artists that was too much on the metal / skater side for the coffee house. It is worth the visit just to see Giovanni Merrill's skate board decks. He has one titled "sleep" that I would hang in my house if it wasn't $300.   Some how the place comes off feeling like hanging out with your college buddies on a Saturday.  Comfortable, fun, inexpensive and tasty it is a place I will return to.
Great place! I love getting take out or sitting at the bar. Always accommodating to my silly vegan requests.
I absolutely love this place!! The carnitas, fish, and beef barbacoa tacos are to die for! Every taco has different sauces that give it a little gourmet twist! You must come here if you are in Jacksonville...
Had a great flavorful meal here after a concert at the Florida Theater. Open late and service was quick and friendly with no line. Definitely a choice stop for a late night bite that breaks the mold from typical fast food.
Ok we went back last night and we had no issues. Food was good. Still I miss the old cook that made the food spicier but I can live with it. Still I only ordered food that I could see into, I did not want a repeat of the brown oak leaf burrito event. Wife had the shrimp tacos and I had the steak, and we had some guacamole and salsa and chips on the side, all was well. Was rainy and the place was quiet, still quite dirty as many tables had not been wiped down. WE hated the loud Reggie music, I am sorry I just hate that music. Still it was just to humid for us old folks to sit outside. I guess the loud music is to get you to eat fast and get out, we did that.
This place is such a cool spot to hang out,eat and drink.the staff is awesome!!!...
I really like this place. The fish tacos are awesome. Good Food and has a great decor on the walls that fun to look at.  It is a great place to eat and highly recomend you check out this place! Try the fish tacos.
Great.... Good high end taco's made with fresh salad and delicious meat.  The fresh chopped and made salsa was not to my taste but my vegetarian friend really enjoyed it. Well done.
Awesome, tasty and big burritos when you're downtown.
Staff was inattentive and our takeout order took over 15 minutes to come out. If you are in a hurry, don't come here. The cash register guy just sat there and played with himself while our stomachs growled. Food was ok, I have had better and they even had a mexican working there.
We saw this place as we exited Indochine next door the other night and went for lunch the very next day. What a great little place! Even though it was Friday noontime and the line was back to the door, we still had time to order lunch, eat it and get back to work on time without feeling panicked. Being vegan, I had a couple of choices: a veggie burrito, a Teriyaki-ginger tofu burrito, or Teriyaki-ginger tofu tacos. By the time I got to the ordering spot, I had decided on the tofu burrito. The girl taking my order ASKED if I was vegan and would I like pintos or black beans on my burrito? They're both vegan..wait...what, really? Yes, she said. Cool! I'll have black beans. I'm thinking I could probably just get black or pinto beans and rice on a burrito here as well. When my tray came out, there was a heaping amount of tortilla chips instead of the (I'm assuming) non-vegan coleslaw. Nice touch since I didn't have to ask. I know it's a little thing and some vegans would say "duh!', but in a town where many restaurants put BACON in the pasta e fagioli, I appreciate that they thought it through. The array of hot sauces was nice, too. I enjoyed having some choices instead of the regular Tabasco and that standard hot taco sauce crap one usually finds in Mexican restaurants. We'll be back here as well.
I used to think this place was good, but it has really gone down hill.  I went there for lunch with co-workers, and the staff was just rude.  First, they chastised us for moving tables together, then they informed us that for a group our size we would have to call ahead to be served.  I wanted to leave right then, but was out voted.  We were able to stay, but were told  they would only do one check.  After all that the food was only ok, and in my opinion, a little overpriced ($10.00 for a burrito).  Queso was good, but it's just not worth it.
love the steak tacos!!!
Super disappointed. I ordered barbacoa tacos and had a 5 minute conversation with the stoned girl at the counter who had to go to the back twice just to see if I could get my taco's with onion and cilantro. The taco's came and the tortilla's were not cooked at all, every taco I picked up completely fell apart so I mixed it all together and ate it that way. Then I bit into two bones while I ate my taco mix basket.  The one thing I will say is that the meat actually had a good taste, not good enough for me to go back. Unless you're a hipster who likes generic sirachi sauce don't waste your time here.
So, I ask on Twitter "Where should I eat tonight" and only a couple places were suggested repeatedly.  The one with the most votes was Burrito Gallery which I lucked out because I live about 3 miles from it. That's a win all around right? Check out the short video and then my write up and then tell me if you think I was lucky Check out my other reviews at jaxfoodcritic.com Location: Right on Adams St. between Main and Ocean. There is a big parking lot on the corner of Main and Adams and the first building (whole side of the building is painted with urban art). There is on street parking too.  Non parking downtown is free during business hours.  So good luck! Food: I ordered the Queso Dip with chips $4.50, a steak burrito with sour cream $6.45 and a regular sized drink $1.95 for a total of: $13.81.  Now that the money part is out of the way, on to actual review.  The Queso Dip and chips were great.  It was a spicy Queso with a jalapeno drizzle and some fresh tomatoes on top.  The chips were done perfect and it was a HUGE helping.  Don't try to eat that and a burrito by yourself. Now the burrito itself was pretty disappointing.  It just seemed bland.  The rice and black beans were just plain, no flavoring, simply just there for a filler.  The steak was good though, I will give them credit for that but the problem was that the sour cream was all down at one end and the steak was all down at the other end leaving nothing but rice in beans in the center.  So, it wasn't mixed very well at all.  Almost like they rolled the burrito the wrong way.  I prefer a nice even mix with every bite don't you? Extra Info: Immediately walking in I felt like everyone was looking at me like I was the 1%.  It was almost as if the Occupy Jacksonville camp had relocated inside the Burrito Gallery.  Was it a hipster convention? Did I miss something?  Anyways, besides feeling completely out of place, the décor was nice.  It has local art for sale on the walls.  The one piece I saw was $4,500.  I don't imagine the current crowd was I was there was shopping for something in that price range.  Maybe the weekday lunch crowd is different (I was there Saturday night). Oh, yeah, back to the décor.  When I had been there previously the drink machine was about 6ft up in the air and you could barely see what was going on, well they lowered that now.  There is outside seating in the back, so that is a great option.  Other than that, nothing else was remarkable. Overall Rating 1-10: 7.0. I would stop there for a beer and chips but skip the burrito.  I have had better, check out my Hightide Burrito Restaurant Review.  Maybe I caught them on a bad day? I just don't see what the hype is all about.
always crowded -- but thats a good sign. they have local artists' work hanging up which i think is pretty awesome. :) delicious food.  i love the chicken curry burrito. the drives a little further than id like so we rarely go out there -- but its definitely worth the distance.
Had dinner here last night. Hole in the wall type place but a darn good chicken burrito! Love the seasoning in the pico and on the chicken.
Great slaw .... This is not your tipical burrito
Some of the tastiest fish tacos and chicken quesidillas around.  Chips are so-so (sometimes ok, but sometimes oily and stale), and I'm not crazy over the burritos, but the fish tacos and side of slaw keep me returning.
There is just one thing I want to say about this place, this has the best burritos in Jacksonville - hands down. If you like burritos - this is one place you don't want to miss.
I loved this place!  I got the bean taco and the fish taco and tried some of my friend's curry burrito.  Super good, fresh tasting food and they have a ton of cool sauces to try.
Gotta have the curry chicken burrito but all the selections are great.  Nice, old school bar just down the corridor, great outdoor seating in the back and lots of great local art that is always changing.  What else do you need?
Pretty darn good spot! Really friendly and fast service and the burritos are really tasty, I've had better in San Francisco and Austin but this place is by far the best I've found in Jacksonville. Good prices too. We'll be back!
I needed to eat something other than ball park food after watching the Jacksonville Suns whoop up on the visiting team and it was late. Already being downtown, I wasn't really sure what would be open after 10pm that was nearby until I checked on Yelp and saw that this place was open until midnight. A place that isn't a bar? Open until midnight on a Friday? I'd been here for lunch before but not for anything after dark. My friend and I jetted over, in the mood for some delicious tacos. The place had a steady stream of people coming, eating, and going but not enough to where there was no seating available. My friend ordered the Cajun Fish tacos while I ordered a Beef Barbacoa taco and a chicken quesadilla (Did I mention that I was hooongry?) She happily scarfed down her fish tacos while I went back and forth between the quesadilla and the taco, trying to decide which I liked better as they were both flavorful and delish. The quesadilla had ooey, gooey cheese and grilled chicken in every bite while the taco was stuffed and seasoned just right. The "gallery" featured some nice pencil drawings and landscape photography but too pricey for me to own one. It was nice to look at though instead of plain, bare walls. Next time I go back I may have to try a burrito.
Food is great, I love the fish tacos, shrimp tacos, and quesadillas. Everything I've had there is delicious though. I'd recommend coming on a weeknight that isn't Art Walk or any Downtown event, since this place gets packed. Counter service in the restaurant, table service in the outside bar. Price is low, so I get take out there a lot.
Got into Jacksonville late and just wanted something other than burgers for dinner. Yelped and found this funky, cool place. Ordered the Cajon Fish Tacos and grabbed a beer from the bar in the back. The fish tacos were outstanding. The fish was fresh and grilled perfectly with just a hint of cajon spice. They had great flavor with a nice fresh crunch of lettuce and tomato. Given that the only thing I ate was the fish tacos, tough to make a complete rating. However, I'm a big fan of great first impressions and this place nailed it. Funky, local place with great food.
So we got there about an hour and a half before our concert. The chips and queso was delicious and they had a decent beer selection. I thought, alright, this is going to be good! A half an hour later, I thought well maybe not. We still had not received our food! I ordered the veggie burrito and my husband the chicken burrito. That shouldn't take that long, right? In all fairness they were busy when we first got there, but now the place was emptying out. My husband went up to ask for a refund, because we had to leave. The guy at the register told us it would take about 10 minutes for his manager to come up and give us a refund as she was busy. He said he would take care of it. We will be checking later to see if he held his word. Not impressed with the service, but the little bit of food I had was great, so they get a star for that.
You really cannot go wrong at Burrito Gallery. Everything is fresh and cooked to perfection. Some of our favorites include the blackened shrimp tacos with the side of spicy cole slaw. The chicken and the steak quesidillas are also delicious. For a top of the line experience get the BQ shrimp & avocado chopped salad with black beans, roasted corn, tomatoes and fresh greens. It is so pretty I intended to take a photo, but dug in too quick. The fresh made salsa and guacamole will not disappoint either. Always fresh and always really good.
The steak tacos are GREAT. The taco salad had oil & vinegar on it. Killed the taste of the beef. So that SUCKED. Cool bar and friendly staff.
This is the second time i have eaten here.  Both times the burritos were tasty.  I had the Cajan Shrimp burrito.  It once again filled me to the max.  The place is nice and quant. One warning is do not eat the coleslaw.  It was warm and smelled bad.  I told a guy there and all he said was that it was fresh.  He did not even offer to replace it or maybe bring us some chips and salsa.  One Of the nice things is that they have many suaces you can get. They only get 4 star's because of the coleslaw.
I am a huge fan of burritos, and when we saw this place on yelp we had to try it out, my fiancé had the beef and I had the Cajun shrimp, there is no need for a crazy long review here, this place was def a 5 star experience on the food alone, there is no waiter service but the employees were extremely nice and welcoming, a must try if your in the Jacksonville area!!!
I tried this place for the first time can't say that I was overly impressed but it depends on what you want if you want. to talk there tacos are more California style or if you like tacos Lou then this is a place for you ,but if you want a real like Mexican tacothis is not the spot.  It was not horrible bu i thought it was bland and pretty generic
I've been here more than a couple times and they are good. The steak burrito is my favorite because the meat is tender and flavorful. You need to tell them LITE ON THE RICE because boy do they load it up in the burrito! That's my only criticism for this place.
I go to burrito gallery at least 2 times a week. The shrimp tacos are amazing and definitely get the chips and salsa which is only an extra $1.25. I would say it's on the same level as or better than chipotle.
Above average burrito joint with a bar in the back. Killer hot sauce selection. I'm a bit surprised at the negative service reviews and the attacks on the veggie burrito. Both were stellar. The chick behind the counter helped me save a few bucks on my order and the dude slinging the burritos was nice as hell. The barkeeps in the back were attentive and helpful. I can only assume this eateries detractors are the Tebow enthusiasts of the city. The most difficult part of eating here is not laughing at a room full of people wearing Jaguars jerseys.
I had high hopes for dinner as I'm spending the night at Shands Jax.  I did receive a meal better than the cafeteria food here. My girlfriend and I both ordered a steak burrito.  It is a bit more expensive than chipotle but unfortunately not nearly as good.  I think it's the rice which has a Mexican flavor,not nearly as fresh as chipotle's.  Perhaps it is unfair to hold to chipotle but they invented this genre. We did receive a lot of food, to the fact it'll be our lunch tomorrow.  We also ordered chips and salsa, the salsa was great and fresh.  The chips however tasted stale.  Quite a disappointment and there also thick to which we both prefer thinner chips. It wasn't the worst burrito I've had (barberitos) but not close to the best.
I had a delicious lunch here today. The chicken taco was very good. The chicken is grilled and very flavorful. It came with a side of slaw that was great. They have several flavored teas to choose from. My friend got a huge chicken burrito with guacamole and sour cream. Everything was so good. I liked the jaguar helmets on display above the great sauce selection!
The ginger teriyaki tofu tacos are strangely addictive and keep me coming back for more. I'm not really impressed with anything else I've eaten there though. The bean burrito is rather bland. The guacamole is (inexplicably) seasoned with cumin, which I don't like at all. The experience of eating at Burrito Gallery leaves a lot to be desired in my opinion, although a lot of that is because of their popularity. It's always crowded and the line to order food is always long and winds through the restaurant. As a result, I always call ahead and take my food to go. The restaurant itself is loud and chaotic (at least during the lunch hour.) The bar makes a decent mojito, but the bar area is small, dark, and cramped. The outdoor seating area is pretty nice, but also usually crowded.   Burrito Gallery is a nice change of pace, but there are much better lunch options in their vicinity that I usually would rather go to.
The only explanation I can come up with for all of the rave reviews this place has is that people in Jacksonville don't know what a burrito is supposed to taste like? I ordered a grilled veggie burrito.  What I got was a burrito stuffed with rice and beans, with maybe two slices of onion and a slice of bell pepper in it.  I found three pieces of zucchini at the very bottom.  The whole thing was flavorless.  A total waste of (quite a lot of) calories. The menu said all burritos came with cheese and salsa on them.  Mine came with neither.  I paid extra for guac, but there was none on my burrito.  When I asked for guac and salsa I got attitude.  This was around 3:30pm on a Thursday - there was a steady stream of customers, but they were by no means "busy".
It was great.. Fresh fish taco.. Good bean taco.. Loved the chips and guacamole and salsa.. Some of the best..
The food is still delish - and I've noticed that call-ahead is so much quicker than ordering at the counter. Do they read their Yelp reviews ? If I owned a business, I'd read all the reviews I could get ! The service still needs work !! They still stare at you when you walk in. No greeting. No smile. No offers for help with the menu. No "Is it your first time here ?" ... Nada. The guy with the gauges in his ears still fiddles with his pen and just stands there looking at you. (Edit: I've since noticed he doesn't have gauges. But he is a tall thin guy, scruffy and almost always wearing a beanie. I thought I saw gauges on him. Sorry.) They answer the phone as if they're bothered by the calls. They throw your receipt and a pen down in such a rush, it's almost offensive and begs the question, WHAT exactly is the tip jar there for ?Just seriously lacking. I work downtown, so it's convenient for me when I don't bring lunch to work and the food is consistently good, so that's really the only reason I still go.
I have been to the gallery many times in the past. I also thought that I would have wrote a review by now. I like the place but the rittos kind of leave me wanting. Meat, a real burrito and a little more flavor. This place gets some really great reviews but to me they don't serve a real burrito. I spent a few years in Texas on construction sites. They have usually little old ladies show up with a station wagon with some of the best burritos that I have ever eaten. Sometimes mostly on weekends hey show up for breakfast. Something about some eggs cheese and beef. Then top it off with some homemade salsa/hot sauce and I was in heaven. There was no rice or black beans. There was real flavors you could really savor. If you asked the gallery for a ritto without rice or beans you might just get a hotdog sized burrito. So I really do miss the little old Mexican ladies and their station wagons.
This place was perfect for afternoon lunch on the patio.  Prices are soooo low.  5.95 for a "small" curry chicken burrito.  Husband had a carnitas burrito.  His was better because the carnitas was more tender and had better flavor.  Overall a good meal for a good price with REAL ingredients. Service wasn't very good but it's the norm for this place and you just go with the flow.  I like to take people here when they come to visit because it's casual and affordable.
Burrito Gallery is awesome. I had been here once before but I forgot how much food you get. I ordered a large burrito (~$8) and queso dip (~4$) and it was enough to feed 2 people. The food was all very good and well worth the money. My burrito came with some sort of pepper coleslaw which wasn't really my thing. If you're downtown and want to feel full for the next 8 hours, I highly recommend giving Burrito Gallery a try.
Great food for a great price! I recommend the steak burrito. The queso is amazing too.
We stopped in for lunch while riding through Jax.  It is very unassuming from the outside and way bigger on the inside.  During lunch many of the office folks come in to eat, or drink in the back.  We had the carnitas and the taco salad.  Even though I got the medium, the burrito was still large.  I was shocked and stuffed.  I can say that they have a good variety of sauces and teas to complement the meals.  The staff was friendly.   Overall, definitely worth the side trip and hassle to find a place to park downtown.
