If you are a fan of meringue and desserts, then you are missing out if you haven't stopped in. I am in love with their chocolate marquesa cake. Namely because it is the only thing in Jacksonville that comes close to eating pavlova with the softness and the textures. (And I dream about pavlova everyday...) Tres Leches has come a long way. The first time I discovered them, they were only available during artwalk. I always made sure to grab a few meringues to bring home. Then a few months after that, I found out they had a tiny store front and I stopped in to get some sweet treats and savory offerings. Finally, in their current location they have much more room and a broader menu. I stopped in last year for the Yelp event, and I was impressed with their sandwiches and sangrias. They have weekend brunches which are a bit more than what I'd like to pay but still a tasty treat. I took my son here for Mothers Day since they were open later than other brunches around town.  We definitely picked the best place. They offered a nice variety including a dish called cachapas and pulled pork (cachapas are similar to arepas), crabcakes, several other dishes, as well as more traditional brunch comfort eats like pancakes and french toast. The creole crabcakes were delicious and satisfying, especially with the remolade sauce and mild kick of heat. Along with the main hot dish, brunchers can help themselves to the fruits, pastries, and grits.
This past weekend my mom and I were wandering RAM debating what to eat when she spotted the Tres Leches table. They had a sign with a picture of their paella and we decided to head over there. When we showed up around 1pm, the place was steady but not packed. I pulled up Yelp to see what others might recommend since we'd never been there (my dad ended up meeting us as well). Our waitress was really nice and attentive. My mom ordered a chicken empanada with fruit salad as the side, my dad ordered the omelet sandwich with cheese and mushrooms and fruit salad, and I ordered the spinach empanada with pasta salad. The food came out pretty quickly and the portion were much bigger than I expected. My mom and I switched halves so each of us could have half of a spinach empanada and half of a chicken one. The spinach empanada wasn't bad but it wasn't as flavorful as the chicken one. Both were very crispy and perfectly cooked but the chicken filling was much superior to the spinach. My parents both found the fruit salad fresh and tasty. The pasta salad was okay, nothing spectacular (next time I'll try some soup). The location is cute and they have some interesting items on the menu that I would like to go back and try. The portions were pretty good for the price. The only tiny complaint I could come up with is the fact that we were sitting against the inside wall (not sure how else to describe it) where they have a divider up and there was a good bit of noise that came through. Also, the music was a bit loud and made it hard to talk at a polite level. Minor things though and nothing that would stop be from coming back.
Because of a miscommunication between the hostess and the server, we did not get waited on for at least ten minutes. I was ready to walk out, but my husband approached the server and told her we were still waiting, and she immediately came over. Boy, am I glad we stayed! Because we'd been waiting, the server quickly apologized and offered a free dessert. We were pleased that she had the authority to rectify the situation herself. I ordered the chicken Waldorf sandwich on spinach bread, with the pumpkin squash soup. The sandwich had just enough mayo to hold everything together without being overwhelming. The soup was incredible, and after I allowed my husband a taste of it, he ordered his own bowl! My husband ordered the Serrano ham bocadillo and the pasta salad. The bocadillo was delicious and the Serrano ham had intense flavor. The pasta salad was good but unremarkable. Because we were offered the free dessert and the name of the place was Tres Leches, we had to go with the obvious choice. Oh My God, was it amazing! Fresh-made whipped cream, completely soaked soft cake and delectable cream sauce. This is the real deal. I can see why it is the namesake. Don't miss it! It's a cute little cafe with indoor and outdoor seating, a friendly server, and lots of fresh homemade fare. Prices are reasonable for the quality of the food and ambiance.
Tres Leches... If a Mom & Paps kitchen with zero restaurant or hospitality management skills is what you're looking for, than this is your place. The food is very good despite the brief selections on the menu.  What they do present for food is delectable, but this is shadowed by the F.O.H. chaos and poor service. Every time I've eaten here the owner had to take a percentage off the bill for a mistake. Once the owner harnesses the concepts of efficiency and quality management this place will be a force to be reckoned with.  Until then, they will remain a little known place with decent food, horrible service and oodles of potential. My developmental suggestion for the owners would be: hire a restaurant manager or consultant.  It will pay dividends. I sincerely hope this restaurant finds the right course.
I had been wanting to go here for a while, finally got a chance to go on a Fri night for dinner.   It is such a cute restaurant,  inside very inviting.  The owners are very involved and out in the community I think I had met them at another event and they are very nice and friendly.  We got the paella(the weekend special) a huge plate of seafood and rice seasoned deliciously! ! We did start with a few apps, lamb meat balls, empanadas,  everything great!  A great local spot! !
I'm a huge fan of Tres Leches. First off the owners are the kind of people you just want to root for. They're passionate about what they do. They truly care about the customer experience. Their food stands out from other Spanish restaurants in town. Each dish chef Irene makes is uniquely hers. By that statement I mean that no dish she makes ever feels generic or the same as one you'd have at another restaurant. Additionally she tends toward balanced flavor profiles which are rarely overwhelming in any way. They're mild in a good way without sacrificing flavor. The paella is very good and the chicken empanadas are by far the best in Jax. I love them! If you're looking for amazing and authentic Spanish food Tres Leches is the spot.
Went to Tres Leches for dinner last weekend. PROS: the fish empanadas, the mussels and the tres Leches cake were all very good. The service was as well, our waiter was nice, funny and attentive. CONS: what is this paella?!? Served in a bowl not the pan it is supposed to have cooked in with the crunchy rice at the bottom, barely any seafood, super small portion for the price. This was far from authentic, it tasted okay but not like paella should. That was disappointing.
It's rare that I get a chance to go to brunch lay back and experience an amazing service from start to finish. Today was that day! Tres Leches is more than just a Spanish eatery it's indeed an experience. From the amazing and fruit bar to the wonderfully prepared pastries and each part of the day the service kept me wanting for more. Each dish seems to be expertly prepared and I look forward to going back to try some of the other faire at both lunch brunch and their special dinner events on the weekend. All in all it was a great experience!
Get the desserts! The various desserts are obviously made with care using fresh ingredients. They almost taste homemade! They have a number of vegetarian options that taste pretty good. The arepas are a real treat, especially with queso blanco! The brunch is an interesting hybrid of cooked options as well as a fruit/pastry/grits bar that is self-service. I've only been for Lunch and Brunch, but Tres Leches always impresses me. The staff tries very hard to make sure that everyone leaves happy.
So, it's really no secret that I am a big fan of Tres Leches and Eddie and Irene. Anything they decide to come up with, I'm there. So.... After visiting quite a few more times since my last review, I decided to update! Personally, the Bocadillo Manolo is my most favorite sandwich in Jacksonville. The serrano ham, manchego cheese and marinated tomatoes are just brilliant. Salty, chewy with drops of the marinade dripping out for further sandwich dips. With every single bite of that sandwich, I just sit back and appreciate it's glorious flavors like it's a spiritual experience. (Note: $11 gets you the sandwich and a freshly crafted side... check out the pasta salad. and the bocadillio manolo is worth every.single.penny.) And the Paella. YUM. Just make sure you give it a good squeeze of the lemon and the lime... it makes the dish and brings all of the flavors together beautifully. (Also a fan of the pumpkin squash and lentil soups...and the artisan spinach... and the empanadas.) And for dessert... Tres Leches is where it's at! Creamy, sweet, and sinful.   Meringues: light, airy, sweet and delicious. Adam is a HUGE fan of their carrot cake as well.
So, I keep hearing everyone rave about Tres Leches Eatery, enough for me to finally grab some lunch.  While I wasn't "OMG, why haven't I been here before, tastebuds slapping me upside the head" crazy over it, neither was I displeased. I've said before service is EVERYTHING, and at Tres Leches, it rules.  I was immediately greeted both by the server, as well as the owner.  He made sure I sampled some of the limonade, and it was delicious.   I asked for some recommendations and ended up having the cuban sandwich with black beans, as well as the pumpkin squash soup. I dove into the soup first.  While some places would find a need to overly sweeten it so the rich, almost like pie, taste comes out, it's not the case here (thank god.)  It had a nice richness to it made possible, I can assume, by the pulp. While I've never been a big fan of cuban sandwiches before, this one was pretty damn good.  Each bite was full of different flavors, be it from the cheese, the slaw or the wonderful mustard they put on it.   The one downside was from the black beans, which were overly salted. The owner surprised me by giving me some of the meringue cookies to bring home.  I'll say, "WOW" about the cookies.  I grew up eating them so I thought I knew what to expect.  It wasn't super-sugary like many are, but was perfect and a bit chewy in the center.  They're simply awesome! I'm looking forward to heading back there this week to try the paella.
Excellent tapas and sangria! We went here shortly after visiting Barcelona and they are right on the money when it come to authentic tapas. The desserts are amazing as well and we have had excellent service every time!
My boyfriend and I went to Tres Leches last night for dinner after getting an advertisement on our doorstep describing their tapas and paella. The interior of this corner spot is inviting, with unique photos of their desserts displayed on the walls. I did notice that the indoor tables and chairs seemed to be made out of plastic, which for me didn't seem to fit the food or the overall atmosphere for dinner. We were immediately greeted by a very friendly man who I discovered was one of the owners of the place. He gave great recommendations and we started with their sangria. The sangria alone is worth a visit-I had to have two of them, it was so delicious. We were given some bread and olive oil to dip it in, which was also filling and very tasty. We already knew we wanted the paella, and were recommended the tapas sampler platter to go with it. We ordered that as well, to get a taste of all of the tapas they offered. The sampler came with a handful of olives, cheese slices, shrimp, crustinis, a garbanzo bean soup, chorizo slices and the best meatballs I have ever had. I am probably missing something else, but there were quite a few options. The paella came out quickly and wasn't like any paella I have had before. It almost looked like risotto with squid and mussels mixed in. I have to say, it was delicious. I would have ordered the mussels tapas on their own if I had known how good they would be. For dessert, we ordered the strawberry cake (all desserts are handmade in-house by the wife, we were told). It was very rich, full of strawberries, and the portion size was so large we had to get a to-go box for it. The service was extremely friendly. The husband and wife team came by our table quite often and It felt like we were at home or among friends. I absolutely loved the vibe and could tell the owners take a lot of pride in their business. They really should be, it was a lovely experience and I am looking forward to returning soon!
So tonight is just for update and to add a well deserved Star to Eddie, Irene and the staff.  They are the consummate hosts!!! I sold the group ( 14 intrepid diners) on the Friday special Paella.  A flavorful dish not often available here in Jax.  There were a few who were curious about the other menu items and opted for; Tapas Plate a nice sampling of lamb & chorizo meatballs, shrimp, a chick pea and spinach gumbo, Serrano ham, manchego cheese and olives. There were mixed reviews some wanted more spice some less but over all the dish was rated a 10. Also presented Solomillo a pairing of splendidly presented medallion s of pork over Hasting potatoes and carrots.  But the star of the evening was the Signature Paella.  Made from Irenes family recipe no one was unhappy with the choices they made.  The wait staff keep the glasses full of water and most important for those of us drinking full of Sangria.  Flavorful, chocked full of chopped fruit and ice cold.   One might think after all that food we were done. Not!  This is Cake heaven and we indulged and shared; carrot cake, decadent raspberry chocolate cake, key lime pie, and finally very berry Mongolia cake. Whats left to say, oh yes once again thank you Eddie Irene and staff your combined effort and talent made this a great evening.
I went to Tres Leches for Saturday brunch and had a great time with my friend. The food display was very nice and the mimosas were delicious. I have since gone back to order their tres leches cake and it is soaked in the milk which looks so delicious and appetizing but unfortunately was not the best tres leches cake I have had. Overall though this place has good food, a friendly and knowledgable staff, and a relaxed atmosphere.
This place is great. They are courteous and the food comes out pretty fast. I've never heard a complaint about any of their sweet items, and lunch there is awesome. If you're into quiche (which I am not) then they have quiches all the time (fastest entree if you're in a hurry) and specialty ingredients on Saturday. Specials kind of fell by the wayside at some point last year, but if they have one then you need to try it. They show great creativity in the dishes they put on the special board. If paella is your thing then on the night menu you will find a great treat. Seriously, applause all around for tres leches
Had not taken the opportunity to make it over to Tres Leches since the Sunday Brunch Elite event until the other night. We had wrapped up dinner and were craving a sweet nightcap for the evening. It was hard to decide what to get as each option sounded more intriguing than the last. I went with the Chocolate Marquesa. Multiple layers of almond & chocolate deliciousness. It was a large slice of cake, but so light and airy. A perfect end to the evening. My husband went with their namesake - the Tres Leches. It was quite a large portion and would have been more than enough for the two of us to share. Tres Leches is a great little corner place in a great little neighborhood. Jacksonville should be proud.
My husband and I were driving through Jax and needed a good Sunday lunch spot.  Lucky for us we found this gem.  Great service and delicious house-made food.  We started with the grits bar, fresh fruit, and pastries.  I had the banana pudding stuffed French toast and my husband had the Cachapas which were delicious!  Every one of the staff was super friendly and accommodating.  Weekday menu is totally different than Sundays with sandwiches, soups, and salads that sound super yummy! Too bad we don't live in Jax, but we will definitely be back here soon.
Every time I've been here, there has been something veggie friendly. I appreciate that. Service is quick and genuine. The facilities have never been dirty, tables always promptly cleared after someone leaves. They really try to reach out to the community, with special nights and brunches. I need not even mention the food, it's that phenomenal. It really speaks for itself. (I may go into food at a later update, when I've more energy to collect my thoughts). I have never, ever been disappointed by tres leches. And I doubt of ever will. What are you waiting on? Go give em a shot to wow you too. ;-)
Wow!   Excellent customer service!   Irene really went the extra mile for me in arranging a birthday celebration for my daughter.   Looking forward to my next visit to Jax.  We'll be stopping in for sure!
If someone gives me a tres leche cake I will love you forever. And the best Tres Leches cake has that pool of milk at the bottom. (check the star rating) Delicioso! I'm hooked and I can't help myself. I feel like I come in every other week to try something new on the menu but I ALWAYS get some Tres Leches. And for $6 you get a huge and heavenly tasty piece of cake. Besides the cake my absolute favorites so far ... Chicken waldorf salad - tender cooked chicken, sweet firm grapes, and served on fresh biscuit soft spinach bread. MUST TRY IT Pumpkin Squash soup -  I found this almost as good as the Soup Joumou that we eat in Haiti for New Years. Although this was vegetarian friendly it remained very flavorful. Heavens forbid you are ever disappointed in your food - I can never see you being disappointed in the customer service. Staff is so genuinely friendly. It just feels so family - like and that appeal is very hard to fake.
Came here to use my Groupon for Sunday Brunch! We sat outside with our corgis (A+ for allowing dogs!) as it was such a pretty day out. The Sunday brunch includes a small buffet of fruits, pastries and grits (make your own with different toppings), an entree, and mimosas and/or coffee. I chose the banana pudding stuffed french toast with bacon and my hubbers got the fried egg sandwich with breakfast potatoes. We shared some breads, fruit and grits from the buffet. The buffet is very small, so don't get overly excited about the "all you can eat" idea. However, I like this better as I did not want to be overwhelmed with so many options before my entree. I do tend to over eat :) The grits were DELISH, I added sausage, cheese and butter and oh my gosh-- so perf! The breads were moist and flavorful. My stuffed french toast was yummy but I was not in love with it, I guess the banana pudding kind of over did it for me. It resulted in soggy french toast but that's okay as it was still satisfying. There was fresh cut bananas and a peanut butter syrup on top! My husbands sandwich was awesome.  A perfectly cooked over-medium egg with cheese and ham, yum! Simple and tasty :) The restaurant itself is cute and the employees are so nice and helpful, we were taken care of in a timely manner which is definitely a plus. I hope to return to Tres Leches to try dinner :)
Been hearing a lot about this place and went on a Friday for a Paella Night and boy was it good. I wasn't expecting it to have whole shrimp in it though. I'm not used to my food looking back at me but I got over it and ripped that portion off. The Paella was very flavorful and seasoned just right. The Sangria? THE BEST IN JAX! I believe Eddie the owner said that it had seven kinds of fruits in it. It didn't have a strong alcohol taste to it so it was perfect. I was told that I had to get dessert as that's what they're known for. Decided on the Caribbean Lime Pie, not to be confused with the Key Lime Pie. It tastes about the same but the Caribbean was not as tart. The meringue was extra good due to the sprinkling of raw sugar on top. Light and sweet.  The staff were very friendly and attentive to our large party and even took the time to introduce themselves to us and talk a little about their restaurant. The owner convinced me to come back for their brunch so I'll have to check it out one weekend morning.
Let's keep this simple! FRESH! Homemade! Filling! Friendly! I go to Tres Leches once every couple of weeks because they have a wonderful Pumpkin Squash soup that hits the spot (especially on chilly days).  I heartily recommend this eatery for its emphasis on fresh, made-to-order dishes. Come for lunch but save room for dessert!  Or just have dessert!  Either way, Tres Leches is an unforgettable treat.
Update---I really really wanted to love tres Leches the first time around and unfortunately I didn't. But, after several more visits that have met and exceeded my expectations, I really really do love tres Leches! For breakfast I always have the French omelet on baguette which never disappoints. Recently I had their 1/2 chicken salad sandwich on artisan bread with a cup of potato leek.....WOW. So good! When it comes down to it I love this place for the freshness and quality of their food and the friendliness of the staff and owners. Thanks tres Leches!
My good buddy Steve G.( a yelp elite!) won a catered lunch from this place at the last yelp event. WTG!! The delimeat sandwich was delish, the bread awesome and fresh. The pasta salad was also great, I had 3 servings. The dessert I can pass on, its not my style, but others loved it. Thanks Tres Leches for the food, it was delicious!!
Ok time for a honest review. The place it self is about the size of my garage. The tables are tiny kids tables made of plastic, and the seats are cheap lawn chairs. This place is so cramped, where I was sitting felt like I was in the way of everything constantly being bumped by everyone walking by. As for the food we ordered meatballs, empanadas, and paella. The meat balls were dried up and small. The sauce it was in smelled like arm pit. The chicken empanadas weren't anything special, some how a spinach empanada ended up in there which was bland and watery. Now for the main course paella! This was the only decent meal of the night. It was loaded with all types of seafood like squid, shrimp, bay scallops, and fish. The only problem was that I grew up in Spain and actually know what real paella is suppose to taste like. They had the right Idea, but they left out the green peas, not enough saffron, no chicken drumettes, and the best part which the crispy bits of burnt rice from the bottom of the cooking pan that give it that classic paella texture. All in all this place is a over priced hipster joint that uses the areas trendy vibe to lure people in.
Best eggs Benedict. Hubby would go back I would too and try something different.  I had the Spinach egg and potatoes and it was flavor and good. I liked and not loved it.
Came here for the yelp elite event and let me tell you everything was absolutely delicious. The service was on point and the manager and staff were very personable and you could tell they actually enjoy their customers and have passion for what they do. Now lets talk about the food. The quiche was scrumptious and goes well with their sangrias and mimosas. The sangrias were so good you can't even taste the alcohol. The chicken and veggies sandwiches were filling but not overly so. The toasted bread with cheesy cream trout filling was to die for and their homemade merengue was perfect. Not sugary or too sweet. It was just right.  You can tell the place really puts effort into everything they do. Awesome place, awesome food!!
Why 4 stars? Because I had a need and TL filled it.   ---   ---   --- I will never come to Jacksonville without a stop at Bold Bean. It's just never gonna happen. So naturally, BB was my last stop on my way out of town... but I wanted to score some eats as well. Tres Leches had great reviews, and was only a couple of doors down from Bold Bean. Sold. The owner was very hands-on as he went over the offerings of the menu. I chose the TLC sandwich, which was like their version of a cuban sandwich. It was served with a side of black beans, and it absolutely hit the spot. This husband and wife team are passionate about their business, and I'd bet on them to see continued success.
Tres Leches is my newest most favorite place in JAX! And we would never have discovered it if it were not for the Yelp Elite Sunday Best event we had here this past Sunday. What I love about Tres Leches more than the food (more on that in a minute) is that I truly felt I was in the proprietors home! That is how that make you feel... like you are in their home, and you are welcomed guests. Eddie and crew are amazing people, and they truly care about their patrons, their business, and the food they put out. Because we were there for a special event, we were fortunate enough to sample a wide variety of the menu from soup, sandwiches, quiches, to dessert. The soup we had reminded me of my grandmothers matzo ball soup... only with a Latin flair. The bread that the Waldorf Chicken Salad was served on was ridiculous! There was also a grilled eggplant sandwich with crazy flavor (good crazy). We are really, really looking forward to driving back up to Riverside to partake in the First Friday Paella Party!!! P.S. They are now going to be open each Sunday for brunch... GO VISIT!!! Unlimited mimosas! The prices are awesome.
Writing this review puts me between a rock and a hard place. I know some people views 3 stars unfavorably, but to me 3 stars don't necessarily mean it's a negative review. Overall, I want Tres Leches to receive recognition for its extremely friendly and timely service when I visited for brunch. It was clear to me the owners are hard working and takes pride in their business. This review is also solely from my brunch experience. The lunch and dinner menu seemed really good and based on other reviews, that seems to be the consensus! The dbf and I ventured here on a rainy Sunday for brunch. The space is quite intimate but the gentleman who greeted us quickly accomodated us. A server introduced a special 20$ brunch menu to us and it seemed quite delectable. The 20$ brunch menu included unlimited grits, fruit and pastries, a menu item ( several to chose from), and complementary orange juice, coffee, or mimosa food. Initially, the menu seemed appealing. We were almost set on it until we decided to check out the grits, fruit and pastries selection. The fruits, albeit fresh, were limited to mainly thin cuts of cantaloupes, honeydew, and pineapple. The pastries was really just one type of pastry. It didn't seem appetizing. It did not seem worth it to us so we asked if they were offering anything else besides the 20$ brunch. Tres Leches then offered us a limited menu which includes items from their daily lunch options. I opted for the bocadillo manolo and the dbf opted for the omelet (sandwich). The bocadillo manolo was better than the eggs option. In total, our bill was ~30$, including a mimosa and an orange juice. The food wasn't lacklustered by any means; however, I have had better brunch experiences for similar prices. On a sidenote, it might be worth it to check out groupon or livingsocial before you dine here ( or anywhere for the matter) because I found out they had a groupon deal after we left. Overall, I'd like to come back and try their confections and non-brunch dining options.
We live in California but had some special friends in Jacksonville who were celebrating their 62nd wedding anniversary. We wanted to send a cake to them so I counted on yelp to lead me in the right direction...thank you! The service was excellent, the cake delivered in a timely manner and I hear was just delicious! Thank you!!!
I hate empanadas. Hate them. When I saw the empanadas at Tres Leche, they caught my interest. They didn't look like the nasty, deep fried meat pockets I grew up loathing in my household. They looked like a healthier, baked dough version. I was immediately intrigued. When we walked in the door we were immediately greeted by a friendly staff. One of the owners, the husband, was extremely welcoming. He later introduced us to his wife who was also very pleasant. We told him it was our first visit, and he proceeded to explain the items they serve, the menu and some of their food history. He was helpful, interesting and his passion for what he and his wife are doing was actually a beautiful thing. Before we ordered our drinks, we were all offered a sample of their in house made Lime-n-ade. It was a tart yet sweet, refreshing drink and I actually ended up ordering it. Getting back to the empanadas... I knew I had to have one, so I went with the chicken. I also got a side of the lentil and ham soup. The empanada was great. The dough crust was nicely baked, the chicken concoction inside was delicious. It tasted like Spanish roasted chicken, with onions, peppers and olives. Tasted great. I liked the lentil soup as well. The flavor of both items was top notch and cooked perfectly. Sitting there eating my lunch and staring down the dessert case the whole time, I knew I wasn't leaving without getting a dose of sugar. I tried the carrot cake. It was out of bounds. One of the best carrot cakes I've ever had. I can't wait to go back to Tres Leches. In fact, right now I'm sitting here trying to devise a plan to swing by there to pick up more of that carrot cake on Monday. Delicioso!
Yup, I'll vouch. It's as good as they say, if not better. From their fresh summer-infused decor to their unique and flavorful menu...it doesn't disappoint on any level. Service was also top notch, as I had no idea that during the summer weekdays, they open at 9am instead of 8, and they happily opened the door for me as I arrived 10 minutes prior. Thumbs up! Food: It's extremely difficult for me to order  when EVERYTHING looks good. The empanadas are ginormous and will be a definite on my next visit. This time, however I went with the arepas, stuffed with butter, spanish white cheese, black beans, and pulled pork. It wasn't just good, it was "OH-EM-GEE BRITTANYYYY..." good. If this place had a food truck, they'd give quite a few others a run for their money, that's for sure. And their desserts? Don't even get me started.  I saw a scrumptious piece of carrot cake in the dessert case that would take me DAYS to finish, it's THAT big. Oh it will be mine...oh yes...it will be mine....maybe after a 2 day ritual fasting, but nevertheless... There's a sticker on the outside of the door that said "People love us on Yelp." And why wouldn't they have one? They've earned it by going that extra mile in all aspects. Food, service, atmosphere, consistency. Hence my 5 stars. Love this joint, be back soon, if you haven't been here yet, what are you waiting for?
I was introduced to this place by a friend and now I can't get enough everything about this place is great the service is outstanding they do everything they can to make you feel at home and the food is phenomenal I have never had a meal here I didn't love.  I am currently stuck on the Spanish country omelet it is delicious eggs,fresh veggies, cheese, potatoes, and the best chorizo I've ever had all severed on on a fresh buttery baguette.  This is one of the best restaurants in Riverside as far as I'm concerned.
I dig this local sandwich and sweet stop! Immediately when we walked in we were greeted by the owner, Eddie, and he walked us through the menu. I was a little overwhelmed because I was not really craving anything specifically but as soon as I heard and saw the Spinach Artisan Bread - I was sold! Went with turkey and it came with lettuce, I do wish there was a little more texture, maybe some cucumber slices? The flavor was definitely in the bread, amazing! It was huge, light, fluffy and delicious... I wanted to get a loaf to take home, yum! Since it was so large, I went with half and a side of soup. I think it was zucchini but I couldn't eat it because we were in a hurry and it was realllly hot. I took one taste and burnt my tongue so I was sad about that, was looking forward to it. It looked yummy =) There is seating inside and out so if it's nice, grab your meal outside on the corner. Also, save room for dessert or grab some to go, that was a regret of mine. The cake and cookies looked amazing and I was told they started as a bakery so I bet they are great. While the owner was talking about the menu with us he said that everything is family recipes and you could really tell he was happy about his business and wanting everyone to be satisfied... that always makes me happy. The only thing I would suggest is that that they get bigger water cups but I do appreciate the free water.
Had a delightful brunch with my husband this morning. Everything was delicious and the service was great. They should offer bottomless mimosas though. You get one with your meal, but should def be bottomless to add a little perk. Our server gave us a lot of information on upcoming events which encourages us to want to return again soon.
Owners are foodies and their love of food shows. We had gazapacho and seafood paella and spinach empanadas keep appetite for their chocolate raspberry cake. Picked up cookies for breakfast next day. Chocolate cookies are the best I have ever had. Nice taste and they melt in mouth
The food was great! And the service was excellent!  Very nice young place to go to.  I highly recommend it.  We had the paella and a to go tres leches!
The food was great! And the service was excellent!  Very nice young place to go to.  I highly recommend it.  We had the paella and a to go tres leches!
I had first visited this restaurant as a plus one for a Sunday brunch Elite event. Since then I haven't been back... until today. I recommended this to a friend because of the delicious Tres Leches dessert. Little ones in tow with us, we had a mommy lunch date. I decided on Bocadillo Manolo and my friend ordered a Chicken Empanada. The food was prepared well and came out fast. While enjoying the delicious food, the owner Eddie came out to find out how everything was. He explained the menu and even provided coupons for their Paella night! We ended our lunch with a mouth-watering Tres Leches cake. This restaurant is in a quiet neighborhood. Hope to try their brunch menu on my next visit!
WOW! I live in Riverside, but had yet to try this place. Truth be told, my first visit happened by accident. But I look forward to going back again soon! I had some out-of-town guests who were heading home, and they wanted to grab some coffee before hitting the road. We initially aimed for my beloved Bold Bean, but when we got there, we sadly discovered that they were closed due to an a/c issue... But we were already in the area, and Tres Leches is a couple of doors down, so we decided to see if they had coffee there... And did they! The Café con Leche was amazingly delicious... Not too sweet, and perfectly cinnamon-y! My boyfriend and I tried the eggplant sandwich and leek soup, yum! It's safe to say that everyone absolutely loved their food. The enthusiasm of the owners shined through very much- It was so refreshing to experience a restaurant where you could tell that the people running it genuinely cared about their customers' experience... this is all too rare these days! Everything here is homemade from scratch, even the bread. I was too full for the desserts... this time... they looked phenomenal! Can't wait to go back and try them!
After stumbling across Tres Leches while driving through a road construction detour, while in Jacksonville for work, I knew I had to return to this charming looking café as soon as possible to try it out. It turns out that this little gem is not just about their super cute location and décor, but is really about exceptional food and service based on the traditions of the family that runs this restaurant/bakery/catering spot. We loved the attentive Eddie, who took the time to explain every item on the menu, describing not only the food itself, but its origins in their family's culinary history. It is very clear he takes great pride in his wife's knowledge and expertise in the kitchen, and after trying many of the items on the menu, it is easy to see why he is so proud. I would be too. We ordered the handmade Arepas stuffed with pulled pork and black beans. These are the best Arepas I have ever had. (Please don't tell my Venezuelan friends, because I don't want them to stop making them for me either!) We each tried the Bocadillo Manolo, which others have reviewed, and we agree that it is incredible! Because of the expense of the very high quality Serrano ham (Spanish Prosciutto) the sandwich is not very large, so if you are absolutely starving, try any of their sandwiches on their homemade artisan spinach bread. It is a stunning looking bread! (BTW, the Bocadillo Manolo was more than enough for me, but some folks may need more). We tried the spinach and Feta Cachito and it was also the best ever. If you aren't familiar with the cachito, it is the latin cousin of the stuffed croissant, but not as buttery or guilty tasting. Tres Leches cachito is in a great pastry stuffed with fresh spinach and feta before being baked. They make several other varieties too. We also had the very large and delicious chicken Empanada which I would also definitely get again. Some people come here just for the desserts, because they have a mind boggling display of freshly baked goods in their beautiful display case. You will not regret anything you choose. I have tried at least 6 different kinds of cakes, cookies and pastries that they make, and I don't think I could choose which was best. They also have incredibly beautifully decorated cakes, in case you need a last minute gift, or if you are having friends over, one would be perfect. If you are visiting Jacksonville, as we were, this is the spot to go to if you are looking for a locals-only, best kept secret kind of place. We can't wait to return!
My boyfriend and I wandered into this cute little bakery/cafe after getting coffee at Bold Bean Coffee, just thinking we'd get a nice dessert since there was a slim selection at Bold Bean. As soon as we walked in the owner introduced himself and gave us an overview of their menu. Everything sounded mouthwateringly good. I ended up ordering the Half Spinach Artisan Bread Sandwich with Chicken Waldorf (with a side of Pumpkin Squash soup) and my boyfriend ordered the Bocadillo Daniel. Both far EXCEEDED our high expectations. Everything was delicious. My favorite item had to be the Artisan bread that my sandwich came on. It was soft, buttery, and crumbled wonderful in my mouth. We then got a Tres Leches for dessert to go. Sweet, tasty and delicious! I highly recommend this place if you visit the Jacksonville area!
A diamond I found after stopping in at Bold Bean Coffee next door. I walked in with no expectations (randomly had not looked it up on Yelp first) and was presently surprised. The owner Eddie took a thorough moment explaining everything they had behind the glass. He explained the food, the home-style preparation, the inspiration for each dish. What a guy! After the orientation I decided on the Bocadillo Manolo and a cup of Zucchini Pumpkin-Squash soup. The Bocadillo Manolo consisted of Jamon Serrano (Spanish style prosciutto), Manchego Cheese, and fresh chopped marinated tomatoes. The meat was spicy, and filling and the Cheese had just enough bite to be interesting. The tomatoes were so fresh and every bite was a joy. My drink was a Venezuelan limeade made with all natural juices and unrefined sugar. It was an excellent choice with the warm soup. They brew it by the caraffe and always have some fresh. I was given free refills the whole time I was there. I have nothing bad and everything good to say about this place. I encourage everyone to come in for lunch, their sunday brunch, or one of their many deserts, which I intend on trying soon. I'm sure many would argue that the desserts are the true gem here but I'll update the review when I give them a shot!
The food is very fresh and tasty. I hade their home made lime-Aid with eggplant parmigiana.  What a great choice. Their arepas are made to order and I recommend trying it. Get it with turkey. Definitely coming back. Thanks for the great feedbacks for me to choose this place.
I've reviewed them previously and they have gotten even better. Pleasant service, a bright and open dining area and now Paella on Friday nights.
I'm not sure why it took me so long to try Tres Leches Eatery, I think it that I felt a little guilty eating in the restaurant that took over Bakery Moderne's space. I also was hesitant to try a place called Tres Leches, since the best Tres Leches cake I've ever had is at a restaurant one block down from the Tres Leches Eatery. Well, Tres Leches Eatery was definitely an experience. The moment we entered we were greeted by the co-owner. He quickly offered us samples of their homemade lime juice and explained that they use fresh ingredients. He then went on to explain their whole menu and concept. I've always wanted to try paella and was so lucky to be at Tres Leches on a first Friday since they always have paella then. You can order paella anytime for four or more people with advance notice, however the first Friday you can get it all day and only for yourself. I really enjoyed my paella and was greatful that the co-owner explained the best way to eat it. The sauce for the paella was delicious. I also really liked the lime juice. I did get a Tres Leches cake to go, since I felt it was only fair to compare it to that other Stockton St restaurant's cake. Well, It was delcicious, but I think it is only my second favorite tres leches cake on Stockton Street. I wish Stockton Street would spread the tres leches cake love around Jacksonville and stop keeping all the good cake to themselves.
This is a cute, tiny little cafe.  We came in for lunch.  It was easy to find, and fairly easy to find a parking space.  We were greeted right away and directed to find a table and were given menus.  It was really hard to decide what to get, but we both decided to go with the cup of soup and half sandwich.  The sandwich was served on their artisian bread and it was huge!  I got turkey, BJ got the London broil roast beef.  I got the pumpkin squash soup, BJ got the potato leek.  I loved my soup, BJ didn't finish his.  As for our sandwiches, they were really too big for us.  While we were there, they had a steady stream of customers.  This place is very popular.  Our server was very nice and helpful.
First time eating there for Brunch. Service great.  Entrees were meatloaf with eggs and corn pancake with pulled pork.  Both were ok but nothing that said, "Wow!"  Seemed a little pricey per person, to us, for what they gave you. Coffee was burnt from sitting on the burner too long.  Disappointed for the rating it had (4 plus stars).  Maybe Brunch isn't their forte.  Might try it out again and then...maybe not.
You will not be disappointed if you have lunch at Tres Leches. The spinach bread sandwich was AMAZING! The zucchini soup was so delicious. The thought of zucchini as a soup was a little out of my comfort zone, but the staff recommended it and I loved it. Will definitely be going back to try the empanadas and the tapas night on Friday or Saturday. And the people there were extremely nice. And I need a whole page to describe the desserts. Bottom line, go to TRES LECHES!
Tres Leches recently moved to Riverside a little while back, so I decided to check them out for lunch. I already knew that they have delicious desserts, but I was eager to try their lunch selections. They are located on the corner of Stockton and Myra St. With it being a corner location, they do a great job at maximizing their space by offering outdoor seating as well as indoor. While they have great dessert items, this post will only showcase their lunch offerings. l have a completely different post on desserts coming soon :) I had a hard time deciding on what I wanted, so I ended up getting a third lunch item for us to split :) I got the Spanish Tortilla (meatless) for my main item and a House Lime-n-ade. The Spanish Tortilla is actually not a tortilla at all, it's more like a casserole stuffed with potatoes and cheese. YUM! It doesn't look like a huge meal, but I was struggling to finish it...and then I had to eat the other item I ordered, a ham and cheese Cachito! This reminded me of a Stromboli. The dough was so soft and almost melted in your mouth. There was a good amount of ham and cheese as well. My husband got a Beef Empanada (they are HUGE!) He was very pleased with his and was also struggling to finish eating everything! Now that I work in the area, I can see Tres Leches becoming one of my usual lunch spots. I mean really, lunch followed by a ridiculously delicious dessert...it doesn't get much better than that!
Eddie and his wife are amazing at what they do. And what they do is create the best food in all of Jacksonville ever! We stopped in for some lunch, and after tasting the food we ended up using them for catering an event. Well worth the stop, and if you need a cake? OMG they are to die for. I suggest you try them out first and then you will be back. We had them cater our event and they gave us way more food than we were expecting, everything was fresh and great tasting. My guests ended up taking home most of it because it was so good. Stop by here and find out what everyone already knows, this place is awesome.
YUM! Ever since Tres Leches replaced Bakery Moderne I've been trying to make it over to try it out. Now that I live right around the corner, this task is MUCH easier, and I drove over today to pick up a quick carry-out lunch. I immediately liked the open, airiness of the green and white decor. I also appreciated the display case of goodies to aid patrons in their selections. Tres Leches has a very unique menu, and owner Eddie Sweda explained that each item is absolutely there for a reason. They are proud of all of their offerings and, if my lunch was any indication, I can see why. After pondering over quiches, empanadas, lasagna, soups, sandwiches, and salads, I finally took Eddie's recommendation and went with a sandwich on their popular Spinach Artisan Bread. Most of their meat is Boar's Head (plus!) so I went with plain ol' turkey and a cup of Pumpkin-Squash Soup. Oh my word, this bread! So good! It was like eating turkey enclosed in two thick, fluffly bread pillows. Marbled with spinach and prepared with cheese already melted into it, this stuff is definitely something to write home about. I think the turkey was good too, but I honestly don't even remember. I would eat the bread alone and be thrilled about it. It was especially delicious and melty when dipped in the piping-hot pumpkin soup, which was executed wonderfully. Creamy, but not too thick, just heart-warming and full of flavor. Added plus, they serve up their sandwiches with a little side of fresh fruit! The Raspberry Tea that I ordered to wash it all down was fantastic as well! I'd definitely recommend Tres Leches for a delicious, gourmet lunch whether you're dining in or carrying out. Eddie also mentioned that they are very committed to getting call-in orders completed and ready on time, so this could be a great option for a working lunch. They also do catering which, I'd have to imagine, would be a hit at any event! Definitely give this place a whirl if you haven't already.
Tres Leches is amazing, the spinach quiche is outta this world. I absolutely love this place. The owner always greet you. I've never been disappointed going here... Fresh food, good staff, you can't go wrong.
Came here for a brunch date with my girlfriend on a Saturday afternoon, the place was absolutely packed!! The food and coffee was really great, and hearty. I ordered a veggie omlet, and a cappuccino. Would definitely go back, and it was such a fun time watching people hustle and bustle around! Definitely high energy, and great food and people!
Creative menu. Fresh ingredients. Everything made in house. Must try it!
Recently relocating from Springfield, Tres Leches is a welcome addition to historic Riverside. Across from the John Gorrie Condominiums, Tres occupies the corner of a small shopping center just doors down from popular Bold Bean Coffee Roasters. Tres Leches adds a fast-casual spot that is fresh and flavorful and open six days a week for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Bright green decor, modern furniture and wall art, and smiling staff made for an enjoyable experience. It's much more open and inviting than former spot Bakery Moderne, which closed its storefront to focus on its catering business. The owner's wife makes most of the items fresh to order, and the dessert case (get the layered chocolate marquesa, or a slice of tres leches) has different items daily. Arepas were cooked to order (they take about 10 minutes) and we opted for two: one with butter, queso blanco and black beans, the other with butter, scrambled egg and cheddar. The first one was a huge hit, and the second would have been more tasty had we opted for queso blanco. We also tried a slice of the cheesecake which wasn't like traditional cheesecake: it used queso blanco instead of the traditional cream cheese, giving it a thick custard texture and flavor. Two thumbs up. The chocolate sprinkles on top were a nice touch. Can't wait to go back and try several of the other menu offerings. Minor gripes: - I wish it opened earlier. 9 a.m. on Saturday for me is late for breakfast, and there were about 8 of us waiting patiently outside the door this weekend. - It's a wee bit pricey. For one arepa, which is about the size of your palm, and the one slice (about 5 inches long, two inches wide) slice of cheesecake, it was $11.77. That's not counting a drink. I do appreciate that everything is made fresh, using good ingredients. - I wish they served Bold Bean coffee. (they were fine with me bringing my latte in from neighboring Bold Bean though)
We were recommended this place by the coffee shop 3 doors down. It's a cute space, with a big display of all their fresh sandwiches and desserts, big windows, bright paint, and colorful pictures on the wall. We were asked by the owner if it was our first time here (yes, as we were travelling through Jacksonville down to the Keys), and he gave us a sample of their lime-aide and spent a bunch of time explaining every item on the menu (service A++). Eventually we decided to order the spanish bread with roast beef and a side summer salad and the Bocadillo Manolo with a side pasta salad. The Bocadillo Manolo was the best and the hamon was great! The other sandwich was also good and filling. The sides were good, but nothing to write home about. Cute place, good food, excellent service. I would come by again if I were in the area.
I had one of the spinach bistro sandwiches with grilled eggplant the other day, and it was literally the best sandwichI've ever had in my life! Plus their desserts are mind bogglingly good :)
Went for dinner and was disappointed, I think it would be better as a lunch place. If you want a sandwich I think it's an okay spot! The pumpkin squash soup is super yummy!
I have seen and drove by this place for along time now. I stopped in before but didn't realize till a couple of months ago that it was a different place. I read it on yelp and said I have to try them again. Ok then time was really good. I ordered the Cuban sandwich and later an arepas also for later. Well the Cuban was good the bread really made the sandwich. Very light with a good crisp on the outside and super soft on the inside. There was ampule ham and what pork there was, was really tasty. I like the South American spice set up on it. Now the arepas with a white cheese almost a queso blanco, smooth some what tasty cheese. The arepa was made fresh and was still hot so I just had to take a bite. YummO was the first thing that came to mind. Now I have to hide it for the wife or maybe I could eat it and tell her it was yummy.
I happened upon this bakery after leaving Bold Bean.  The owner was friendly and informative. There were a couple of items I wanted to try, but I settled on his recommendation of the Marquesa de Chocolate.  It's been a while since I've been there, so if my memory serves me correctly, both my man and I did not LOVE it.  It was ok, but I'd opt to try something else.  Plus, it was so expensive for the portion I got.  That alone would make me think twice about going there again.  However, I still want to try their famous Tres Leches. Oh, and one more thing.  The guy said if I want coffee, I'd be better off going to Bold Bean even though they could make it if I wanted it. (Oh, how I miss Bakery Moderne!!!!)
Stumbled by this place and we were blown away! Great service, amazing food. Bocadillo Manillo and egg sandwich are out of this world!
Excellent food and wonderful friendly service.  Owners (Husband and wife team) love food and it shows in the food they serve. A must eat place in Jacksonville area.
Let's start with the decor... Rustic-contemporary and very cozy. A relaxing lunch spot.  the server and chef are very friendly and attentive.  They made us feel very welcome.  I ordered the half spinach artisan w/ London broil. Huge and delicious. Pumpkin squash soup was a tad sweet for my taste but tasty nonetheless. I couldn't decide on what dessert to order so 'we' got the cheesecake and tres leche... Both were scrumptious.  Like little pieces of heaven.  The crowd seem hip and intellectual. Overall, this is going to be one of my new favorite lunch spots.
This is my review of my first visit to Tres Leches Eatery. I went here for a weekday lunch with a friend and ordered the Half Spinach Artisan Bread Sandwich which has several protein options to choose from such as turkey, ham, chicken salad, London broil roast beef and even eggplant. I opted to have my sandwich with the London broil roast beef. This meal is also served with a side of my choice and I selected the Potato & Leek Soup to accompany my Artisan Bread Sandwich. The staff was effervescent and courteous to the point that it was almost overbearing. I chalked it up to being that it was my first time and they want to ensure that I knew the menu as well as they do, but was informed by my friend the guy who is the owner is always 'very excited' about his food and menu. This isn't a bad thing but it did get to a point where I felt a bit overwhelmed. This is were they lost a half star The star of the meal I would have to say is the Spinach Artisan Bread which was delicious. It had a very crispy exterior but lite and flaky interior similar to a biscuit but more like a bread. I would come back just for this bread alone. Unfortunately the rest of the sandwich was not this amazing and was only ok. The roast beef while moist did not seem to have been season or if had was season so lightly that it was simply over powered by the taste of the bread which is why I would recommend not paying the extra dollar for the roast beef and stick with the turkey or the ham. The remaining items in the sandwich was a piece of lettuce, what seem to taste and look like muenster cheese, and a tomato. Overall it was a good sandwich not great the bread was great the sandwich was just good because the ingredients lacked the synergy need to make it a great sandwich as everything in the sandwich was drown out by the taste and texture of the Spinach Artisan Bread. They lost a half of a star here I probably was more excited about the Potato and Leek soup than the sandwich post meal as I  do have an affinity for good soups. Alas, my pre-meal psychosomatic hype was not to be fulfilled. The soup was just ok and if the menu didn't tell me it was a potato and leek soup I would have guess that it was an unsalted potato soup. The soup didn't even hint at having leek in it and was in desperate need of seasoning. I would not recommend this soup and am hesitant to try the others now when I do return. I took a whole star away for the soup. Yes, I will return not sure when but I usually like to give a place a try three times before I say am not coming back. I feel three time is enough to give me an overall sense of the food and restaurant as a whole. Overall on this trip to Tres Leches the food was ok not great as in I need another bite right now but ok as in this is good but I think it could be better especially for the price. I would say its worth giving a try as it is the type of place that seems to have a lot of potential to be great I just hope is next time.
Fantastic home made sandwiches, tapas, and desserts. It's a blend of South American and Spaniards food made fresh and it's delicious Highly recommend this over the usual corporate restaurants. A foodies dream
Outstanding selection of the menu for lunch and desserts. Everything is fresh, and you can definitely tell. I will absolutely go back when I'm in the area.
This place is amazing. The spinach artisan bread is out of this world. I would come here for the food alone but the service is phenomenal. The owners are quick to run through the menu with you and make suggestions. It is awesome to see that kind of passion. Love it!!
My wife and I come here every chance we get.  The Arepas are delicious. My favorite is the ham, egg, and cheese. My wife loves the pulled pork and beans with queso blanco. Their quiche is amazing. The omelets are fantastic. They just added dinner to their offerings and the paella is great.  You have to come by for the Saturday brunch on the 3rd Saturday of each month.  One of Jacksonville's gems.
We had a great breakfast on Saturday.  FANTASTIC ! We had the special listed ultra thin omelette with spinach and turkey on a baguette. We also tried the spanish cheese cake made with flan milk. Also had a scone and we be back again soon to try the made from scratch soups. They are open in the evening and are looking forward as great food and outstanding staff. Tres Leches has GREAT bakery items as replaced Bakery Moderne same corner site.
What an awesome little place. This place would do so well in Atlanta. The owner was so friendly and helpful. This place is so unique and yummy. Great menu, and a neat concept- Cuban influenced and all homemade. Delicious. I had to buy a loaf of the spinach cheese bread to bring home. YUM.
What a great new addition to the Riverside area. Went here the other day with a couple girlfriends. We sat outside because it was beautiful and ordered lunch. My friend and I split a turkey sandwich on the biggest most delicious piece of homemade bread I have had in awhile. It came along with a choice of soup...we got Pumpkin Squash...it was delish!! I definitely want to go back and try some more of their delicious options. I recommend everyone try this place!!
Love to have breakfast here on a Saturday morning; cup of coffee, a hardy pastry, maybe even a dessert. The Key lime pie is a fantastic development and far better than any other restaurants attempt at the same pie in the area. They have these little ham and cheese pastries (hot pockets if you will) that are to die for. The carrot cake is good but I will admit that I do prefer more "cream cheese" icing on my carrot cake but I do suppose that it's nice to have a lighter version from time to time. Tres Leches makes a  great addition to the neighborhood I only wished Riverside would work on consolidating the area to allow more foot traffic from place to place than segregating the area to a few dinning and shopping regions. Because of this, places like Tres Leches whom's existence in this area will never see the support that they deserve and need to survive and this is one place I would hate to see go. Try it out I promise you find something that you'll love.
A cute bakery near Riverside.  Stopped in for a quick breakfast.  Ordered the ham and cheese Cachito.  Only 6, two top tables.  They have a brunch on the 3rd Saturday of each month.  Wayyyyyyyyy better than anything Panera has to offer.  Give it a try!  DELISH!
The cutest little place...so quaint and with a good vibe.  The food was fantastic!  Eddie & lovely wife were so accommodating.  I had soup, sandwich and cake...all of which will take me days to eat, but I couldn't resist.  I actually wanted to buy everything in the display case. I got the large (1/2) sandwich, with homemade bread that was interlaced with spinach and cheese.  I chose the veggie version but you can get it with meat.  The bread was heavenly and as light as a feather.  Soup and tres leches cake was awesome too.   I live in San Diego so I probably won't be back.  Sure wish they could follow me home!
Not sure why this place hasn't received more reviews!  Their signature tres leches is amazing, the pillowly meringue on top is marshmallow-y and not overly sweet. We also snatched up their beef empanada which looks promising, as well as their apple walnut cake.  The best part is the owner who, after realizing we were there for the first time, answered all our questions, gave us a sample of limeade and was just super friendly. Will definitely come back!
Great addition to the Riverside community.  Tres Leches offers homemade artisan breads, pastries, sandwiches, and soups. Friendly and knowledgeable staff who go out of their way to meet any and all of your needs.  Turkey sandwich on spinach artisan bread had been my got until on a recent visit I tried a pulled pork arepe (tender roasted pork sandwiched between a freshly made Spanish corn cake).  The pork was so tender and flavorful that I am excited to try the pork and bean sandwich on my next visit.  The pumpkin-zucchini soup was a bit bland, but other than that I have no complaints.  Great carry-out option!!
Their sandwiches are amazing. The whole is big enough for two people.
I was invited to this yelp elite event by a good friend and enjoyed the whole experience.The food at Tres Leches Eatery was riquísimo (delicious)!!!! Being from Miami, where you are constantly eating flavorful foods, the food does not disappoint. From the smoked trout mousse, to the bocadillo manolo sandwich with manchego cheese, gumbo (likes abuela's cooking), mini quiche with chorizo, merengue with melted chocolate on top, and what the place was named after (tres leches dessert), you can't go wrong.  It leaves you wanting more!!!  I was never a person that liked tres leches and being hispanic, how can you not, but this is the first place that I could not stop asking for more samples of it. It was absolutely mouth-watering! The mimosas were done just right, but the sangria could be sweeter. Either way, this place does not let you down.  From the welcoming and passionate staff, to the sweet location and space, I will be back again bringing many friends and family looking forward to paella night! Thanks again
If you want something different than the 'same old thing' Tres Leches (TL) is for you. The waiter was very friendly and detailed the items on the menu. Everything sounded delicious. The food is fresh and prepared very well. TL is a repeat.
I have been in this place before to just look around. For some reason I never actually went back until today. I am a little ashamed of myself for not going back so quickly. First, I love walking into their exposed brick and green walls. Not the walls that make you feel gross on the inside but the refreshing-make you want to stay just a little bit longer green. There are huge windows that allow a ton of natural light in. I guess it feels clean and crisp in there. The owner is very informative and knows what he's talking about it. Eddie and Irene are the owners of this quaint place and they've done a nice job. Eddie told us that Irene had a restaurant in Caracas, Venezuela and her father had a restaurant in Spain for the last 30. So just know everything is authentic and fresh. Everything is made to order and they want to please you, so if you don't like something let them know, they'll switch it around to the best of their tastebuds. Eddie said nothing is on the menu just because everything has a purpose. Meaning if I ordered the pumpkin squash soup (which I did) he pairs it with a turkey sandwich, if I wanted it that way. I didn't want a sandwich so I just got a bowl of soup. It was very very tasty. My friend ordered a turkey sandwich on their spinach artisan bread, with two types of cheeses on it. I was a little jealous of hers. I will be going back to try her choice. They're not just a bakery or catering place either. They're open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. So head over there any time of the day!
I first tried their confections at the Riverside Arts Market - great stuff.  Then my girlfriend got me their meringue cake for my birthday and - WOW - amazing.  She put in the afternoon prior and in that crunch time they turned it around and made my birthday really special.  Thanks Tres Leches!  Glad to learn you moved out of Springfield.
