Good restaurant the salt n vinegar chips were great the red snapper was excellent but the service was not so great. Took about a half hour to get our drinks and the desert was not so good. But over all good atmosphere
With a friend's visiting parent in town, I needed a place with cool architecture and great food and BlkShp fit the bill (if you have been, you know what this is). Plus, they offer online reservations and while I was looking forward to eating on the rooftop, we stayed indoors on this visit (my first). Staff were smiling and friendly so that started out this trip on a positive note. The ambiance is definitely young and modern. I convinced the table to start with Poutine as they had not tried it before. I love it was beef short rib since I am a non-pork eater (I know, I know, I live in the South now...) and it was delicious comfort food. It is filling so be warned you will want to pace yourself for all the other food. We also had fried green tomatoes which were just OK and I would order something else next time. Having eaten a lot of fried green tomatoes since moving here, I have become a snob of this particular dish. Entrees included the cardamom pancakes, truffled Black Hog Farms Egg Toast and eggs Benedict with steak instead of ham. Everyone was very pleased with their entrees. Being in the mood for breakfast foods, the accompanying salads were good and I understand the contrast with the richness of the Benedict. This was my first time eating steak Benedict and it was good--thank you chef for the substitution! Despite being very full, we could not say no to the caramel corn brulee and it was delicious. We all agreed it was great consistency with perfectly bruleed sugar, and the popcorn was actually extraneous. Beverages included bloody and virgin Mary's which had a sweetness to them, and a beermosa made with Belgium ale. The drinker at the table seemed mostly pleased. One star dock due to some food timing issues, an entrée that needed to be replaced due to kitchen error. I would still return and I think a 5* star experience is absolutely realistic.
This is a cool place to have drinks or eat great food. Their service is too notch. I had my birthday dinner here during a busy time and the staff were willing to accommodate us very well AND were friendly. I had the duck sandwich and it was amazing. Never had duck before. Overall, a great place!
What a jazzy place.  Visiting from virginia beach, fellow foodies took my buddy and me here.  A restaurant downstairs and a rooftop bar and restaurant, visually the place is trendy and hipster. Upon arrival, insteaD of waiting for a table, we stood at a concrete mini table and enjoyed apps and drinks.  It was eventually a leisure stroll to make it to the table from our mini top. Standing was not a problem and kept for a very engaging conversation while watching the sunset over the jax downtown skyline and the saint johns river.   For apps we had fried olives and Poultine. The two were very interesting.  Fried olives tasted as expected.  The Poultine was a variation of cheese fries with gravy on top. Yelpers rave about the Poultine but I'm indifferent. I'd try something else. Dinner was shrimp and grits and BBQ duck confit sand which.  Both were amazing.  If asked for extra sauce for the shrimp and grits, there wasn't much on my plate.  The grits were amazing.  Some of the best I've had.   Dessert menu seemed amazing but was way too full.   Check out the upside down Apple cake with sour cream ice cream or the home made Oreo cookies.  Mmm.   Also.  Surprising drink was called heavens gate. Light. Refreshing.  They infuse this beverage with blueberry and cucumber.  Great Floridian drink.   Overall. Great place.  Come.
I went to brunch with some friends at Black Sheep this morning. SO GOOD! We all ordered drinks - my mimosa was good, the Heavens Gate drink was also good, and the Bloody Marys were delicious! I ordered the mushroom and fontina omelette with a side of macaroni and cheese. I wish I would've been more hungry so I could have eaten more. I took home most of my mac and cheese and ate all of the omelette. I tried a small bite of the poutine - it was good too. For dessert, I had a peanut butter chocolate torte or something like that. I can't find it on the website but it was delicious! I brought some of it home for my husband and he agreed. I want to go back and try to Black Sheep Benedict with spicy hollandaise!! Update: we went for dinner last night. My husband and I ordered the catch of the day. We tried the short ribs too. Both great!
Visiting Jacksonville and this place was recommend by a bunch of people. We needed to go there. Everyone said the rooftop deck and we ended up there and it did not disappoint. If you go here you should go to the rooftop deck. However, I will agree with other posts that once the sun went down, the sunset was nice from up there, you could hardly see your food. I think they would do well with some LED lights up there. The food was solid and our waitress was great. They didn't have the desert shake that I wanted. She said she would get me the other one and if I didn't like it I could get their other shake. When I did that because the first shake came out flat she didn't bat an eye. On weekends the place changes and becomes rather upscale once the sun goes down. We were fine when we walked in with shorts, but were very underdressed on our way out.
Black Sheep in Riverside has the best food I've had in a while. The server, Amber, was very knowledgeable about the menu and very attentive to our needs. We will definitely be going back real soon. Give it a try. P.S. The poutine was fabulous. We also had red snapper, Mayport shrimp, and the chocolate cream pie for dessert was delicious.
I've been wanting to try this place out because I have heard nothing but good things.  So when a good friend asked me to meet him for lunch here, I was in!  There is a roof top bar and dining but it is not open for lunch.  All of the outside tables were taken, geez!  We had no choice but to sit inside on this beautiful day. For lunch, you order at the counter and then they bring your food to your table.  I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and fries.  The fires were deliciouso!  They are like shoe string fries and perfectly salted.  The sandwich... eh... it was ok, not great and I guess not terrible but nothing really to be excited about.  The bread was so hard that it cut my gum!  OUCH!  The chicken and bacon and tomato were all falling out with every bite.  The bacon is thick and a little hard to chew.  The chicken really didn't have much flavor.  Now I am not going to let this stop me from trying them again.  I do plan on coming back with my honey one evening so that we can sit on the rooftop!  and hopefully enjoy some good food :) Riverside parking is not so great, you may have to walk a little.  But, with this beautiful Florida weather, walking is a good thing!
I've visited this restaurant for the third time the other day for a semi business lunch. It was a beautiful day sunny and warm enough to sit outside so I brought my dog from the office with me and we sat outside on the patio. Well you have to order from the counter, the employee ran quickly inside and got a dish of water for my dog and brought it out to her.  How awesome is that?  I on the other hand had to get my own drinks but that is cool. They carry diet Boylan's root beer in the bottle, score! Even more amazing, it is the same price as the ice tea which is two dollars. I am hypersensitive to simple carbohydrates so the menu as it stands is somewhat limited. I ordered the chicken sandwiches with pimento cheese without the bread and they put it on some lettuce leaves for me. This was a really delicious sandwich I truly enjoyed it. The clientele is all friendly and full of neighborhood people who like to walk for lunch. The bar has a great selection of upscale handmade alcohol. Unfortunately this was not that kind of lunch. An interesting sidenote, my dog is a registered service dog and despite that fact I still get grief in some places when I take her there and I find myself sitting outside if I can just to keep it more simple. This particular place had three or four dog sitting at tables outside with their owners and when I took her inside to order at the counter nobody even batted an eye, employees or customers, which is just so awesome.  It's really nice just to feel normal.     I guess the bottom line is that this was an all-around excellent experience. The other person with me really enjoyed their food and it looked fantastic also. I am not normally a fan of hip new restaurants although this one is not that new but it certainly is hip. This restaurant transcended the hip and was an all-around awesome experience.
Excellent service! Everything we ordered was delicious, especially the pork belly! Next time I'm in Jax, I def wanna hit up the rooftop for dinner. Great vibe in an unexpected neighborhood (to me, at least).
Great farm to table menu. Always changing. Get the poutine for the table it's awesome. Favorite dish currently is the sweetbreads and waffles.
Amazing! Delicious liver, pig ear salad, salmon, fish & grits, short ribs, and bread pudding! Highly recommend!
I wanted to love this place.  I really really did.  It's in a great part of town, great food philosophy, the menu looked interesting...and yet we went away kinda bummed. Husband and I went to dinner here before heading off for a movie.  I made a reservation the day before since I didn't want delays due to seating...and even though the restaurant was mostly empty, it took over 5 minutes for the hostess to figure out how to get us to an empty table. Menu was great.  Waitress had to be prompted to offer the specials...and had to go ask questions about said specials twice.  We had the pork belly appetizer and a bowl of soup.  The flavor for the pork belly was right on but the knife provided didn't cut the meat very well.  Husband was disappointed with the small size but I'm tired of overwhelming starters filling me before dinner even shows up so it didn't bother me. Husband ordered the beef shortrib.  Notice the use of the singular in that sentence? And, again, he was bothered by the portion size.  I thought the meat was just slightly overcooked.  My meal was a "chicken and dumpling" dish.  Holy crap...my chicken was dry dry dry and overcooked.  It wasn't a traditional version (which I like!) but was bone in dark meat.   How do you overcook that?!?!? Meanwhile, we hadn't seen our server in ages.  I waited for 5 minutes after my meal arrived and caved.   I wanted to eat dinner because we had a movie scheduled.  We were out of drinks since before the meal and almost done with dinner by the time she came to our table.  And it was not  like it was busy. The problem here isn't the food really...its kinda pricey for what you get.  But when I pay extra, I expect MUCH better service.   Service and knowledge should at least equal what a person can get at TGI Fridays.   My problem with the chicken dish could have been fixed quickly if the service had competent.  I hope that they get some better server training because JAX could really use a place like this.
Came here for brunch. The service was fantastic! Nick took excellent care of us. He was very knowledgable of the menu and what goes in each dish. I had poutine for the first time. It was great. I could eat it as my entree. The chicken liver mousse was light and creamy.  These were my two favorites. I also love the croque madame. I was too full to finish it. Blame it on the yummy poutine that filled me up. I love the  variety of choices on the menu. I can tell the chef likes to incorporate cultural cuisine and fuse it to make it his own. Fabulous job.I love that there is duck banh mi on the menu. If I'm in Jacksonville again, I will return.
To hell with a Holiday Inn Express, I've eaten at Black Sheep. On an intersection of Oak St. and Awesome, is a giant slice of pie. No, seriously the restaurant is shaped like a piece of pie. This simple fact forebodes to something good. Enjoy a panoramic view of the quaint Riverside neighborhood and not the dirty St. Johns. Not a religious person, well you will be once you've had their poutine. Its an experience. They have a small number of entrees but they do each well, my personal favorite is the Short Ribs. They also do brunch, complete with black truffle french toast and beermosa's.
I can't lie, I'm pretty disappointed after my first trip to Black Sheep. My friends and I arrived after an event at CoRK and we asked for a table on the rooftop. We were told the wait would be, approximately, thirty minutes. That was fine, we planned to hit the bar while waiting for our table anyways. We ordered our drinks and an appetizer, and with a snap of our fingers, thirty minutes came and went. We waited another ten minutes before checking in with the hostesses who kept saying it would only be another five or ten minutes. This went on for another half an hour, putting as at an hour total wait time, and the waitresses still saying just another five or ten minutes. It was another half an hour before we were finally seated and very hangry (hungry & angry). Of the four of us, three of us got burgers and the other ordered duck. The burgers were so juicy and good, and I loved the fries as well. I do still want to go back for the pork belly, as well as for brunch one day. The prices are high. I walked in prepared to get a burger or maybe just a few appetizers. Try to take a glance at the menu before getting there if you can only budget in a certain amount, saves some stress and still lets you get some excellent food. The food and everything was excellent, but that did not make up for the service. All my friends and I had hoped for was a realistic wait time. It's perfectly okay to overestimate. We'd prefer you overestimate and take us before the time you said than to play the waiting game. Our waitress seemed a bit frazzled as well, but I can't really blame her with how confused most of the staff seemed to be on this particular night. I have heard of other folks having service issues over the past few weeks at Black Sheep and I hope they can solve it quickly.
I've only been for happy hours and brunch, so this review might be a little incomplete compared to their full offerings. From friends who do eat there, I've heard lunch is good, but dinner is a bit overpriced. The restaurant itself is a fun dining experience. Located on a corner, the architecture is really cool. Plus the rooftop bar gives you a great view of the 5 points/riverside area. They even have fireplaces to sit around in the winter. Very fun, hip place to have a drink. We went to Blacksheep for brunch before a Jaguar game. I ordered the fried egg sandwich (with sausage, fried egg and cheese). My boyfriend ordered the Benedict. Oh my god! This is not your typical fried egg sandwich - everything was so fresh and flavorful. The poached egg on the Benedict was cooked to perfection, and was not overwhelming (as many Benedicts served on biscuits can be). I did not have the bloody Mary, but the bartender said they make their own mixture, which is my criteria when ordering one (I can make a zing-zang bloody Mary myself, thanks!) I think this place is truly a gem, but I'm giving it 4 stars since I can only comment on brunch, and I do find it to be a bit overpriced across the board.
Service was horrible.  My friends and I waited 10 minutes before our waitress came.  And then we waiting an additional 20 minutes for our first round of drinks.   The waitress could care less we were waiting but she was more interested in hitting on the guy next to us.   She spent literally 10 minutes socializing with the table next to us. We got up and asked 2 other people that worked there to check on our drinks. One said "there's only one bartender". Why is that our problem when there are literally 15 people total there at 3:30pm. We watched the bartender get the people sitting at the bar who came after us get their drinks right away. The reason I'm giving two stars is that the food and drinks, once received were great.  Service is a huge turnoff. Surprised a manager never surfaced.
Our waitress Mykala was absolutely wonderful!!  We came in on Saturday night and decided to order in an unconventional way...1-2 apps to start with...then 2 more..then 2 entrees..and then soups..and then 2 more entrees.  She was super attentive, helped us with drinks and choosing items.  Offered us bread to go with the soup, was ok with substitutions, she split up items, no questions asked.  I would tell anyone to come to this restaurant any day of the week and say they must sit in Mykala's section.  Best item we had the BURGER hands down! Fried egg on it--amazing!  Everything was great, love the cocktails.   GREAT EXPERIENCE! We left to try dessert at Orsay-and regretting it immensely. not heading there again!
Rooftop deck is the best. Menu very ecclectic.
This was my first time going for brunch, had heard great things and wanted to take a friend who was visiting. I got the fried egg sandwich but substituted bacon for the sausage. The sandwich was good but nothing exciting and only came with 2 small pieces of bacon! Really?? Bacon is essential to brunch, not the time to skimp.
An awesome addition to the area. The food was fantastic (and it was very difficult to make a decision since every single item sounded so amazing). We shared the little moo ravioli (we actually thought it was a kid's meal but it turns out the cow is named Little Moo!) which was fantastic (I wouldn't hesitate to order it as an entree in the future). I had the grass fed burger. It came with fries and a fantastic sauce. The service was on the slow side, though our waitress was fantastic. Most nights I wouldn't mind so much (the ambiance was nice enough that it didn't bother me too much) but we had a concert to get to that night. Next time I'd love to try out the roof (it was also raining that night) next time. Would also love to try their lunch menu (it was on the wall and the waitress told us more about it). Can't wait to go back!
Finally had chance to go here! Dishes are the right portion and not Jumbo sized! Poutine was great as my starter.  I had the short ribs and cooked to perfection.  Before you go make reservations, go to their website and see AMAZING menu! Def would go back!
My wife and I really enjoy dining tapas style, so we were excited to find Black Sheep.  We tried the fried green olives, fried green tomatoes, tomato and fennel soup, beet salad, poutine (a wonderful...and very filling Canadian concoction made with hand cut fries, cheese curds, and smoked short rib gravy). and finished off with a milk shake and homemade oreos!  The food was excellent and needless to say we were stuffed. The service was excellent
Oh, where to begin? Both times I've walked up to the building, I've felt severely underdressed, as older yuppies and engagement parties always seem to be seated around me.  As soon as my server seats and welcomes me, my fashion fears fade.  The building is quite lovely, with a triangular corner layout and rooftop overlooking Jacksonville.  The decor/plating/ambiance is pretty modern and typical- nothing really blew me away though. Now the food: one would assume based on the designs/general aesthetic of Black Sheep that the portions would be small and overpriced.  Not true.  My husband and I shared the poutine, fried green tomatoes with bleu cheese and the duck banh mi and we were already feeling glutonous after our first course of poutine! The poutine is TO DIE FOR.  I think it is seasoned perfectly- the pork and pot roast gravy are so rich and decadent; and how often do you get cheese curds outside of the midwest? The fried green tomatoes are good- nothing to write home about.  Same goes for the mac and cheese I had with a friend for another visit.  The duck banh mi was also solid, though I thought it could have used more veggies and aromatics (for the best banh mi in Jax hit up Hung Thinh Supermarket). We also had a beautiful cocktail- that definitely felt overpriced, but it was a conscious splurge.  Beer prices are pretty fair as well!   To top it all off, the servers are incredibly warm, approachable and knowlegable about the menu.
the service was really good for how busy it was,  but the food was overrated.  dont get the ceviche. and the food was expensive and nothing great for the price. the mussels were good though!
I've been here several times, and enjoyed it, but it's never been an extraordinary experience. Until this day -- when I was actually charged a dollar for the cucumber sliver that came in my gin drink. The poutine is always good, if incredibly salty, and the herbed tempeh was decent, too. We didn't try the pig ears, though, because what the fuck. If you're hankering for fancy, delicious food in Riverside, I'd suggest BS's sister restaurant, Orsay. Much better service and less ridiculous food, and as far as I know, the cucumbers don't cost $200 a piece.
My review of Black Sheep is based solely on the decor, rooftop, and cocktails. The architecture alone is appealing, it almost look as if it doesn't belong on that block, it's absolutely stunning. The decor is hip and trendy...go up to the rooftop and you will feel like you're in a different city.   The drinks were great, I enjoyed the atmosphere. Jacksonville needed a place like this to liven up the city. Black Sheep is good for dates or a girls night out. Next time I will for sure try the food, with all the rave reviews I know I won't be disappointed.
It's not often that my wife and I get to enjoy an evening to ourselves without the company of the little one. So when the in laws came into town, we jumped at the chance to dine at Black Sheep. We arrived just before happy hour ended. I ordered a dusty boot cocktail (bourbon) and a Intuition king street stout. The wife order a lemon cocktail of some sort along with a Fat tire. We had an order of poutine as an appetizer and it was all that it was hyped up to be. For our entrees I ordered the shrimp and grits, she opted for the braised short ribs w/ Mac and cheese. The shrimp and grits was phenomenal. The shrimp was marinated in a Cajun seasoning but balanced well with the pickled vegetable on top of the grits. The short ribs were extremely tender, my wife sliced through the rib with her fork like butter. This place is definitely one of Jacksonville premier restaurants. Friendly staff, great food and I say all this and I didn't even check out the rooftop that everyone has been raving about. Another visit is needed.
This restaurant is a new favorite! I went to Black Sheep for the first time last evening with 8 of my girlfriends. We had a very nice table right in the front of the restaurant. The wine list was very notable and the bottles we chose were delicious.  The roof top view is the amazing, it's a wonderful view of the city. Now let's get to the best part, the food. Well what didn't we try is pretty much all I can say. We ordered the fried green tomatoes, the olives, the green goddess salad, the beet salad, crab cake, lil moo ravioli, blue cheese and mushroom bread pudding, and the cheesy grits. It was all very good. My personal favorite were the crab cake and the lil moo ravioli. The flavor of the cheese in the ravioli was perfection, a perfect blend!  The portions were small however for sharing, it worked out very well. The only downer...the dessert. Possibly could have been due to the fact it was called a "brownie banana split". We all envision an actual banana with the ice cream, as everyone knows is a banana split. Well, let's just say it was a slice of banana on the brownie with one scoop of vanilla. Thus being the smallest banana split any of us ladies had ever seen. However, it was amazing to taste. Will definitely be returning to this restaurant!
This was not my first visit to Black Sheep, and sure as hell will not be my last either. If you are looking to impress someone, first date, friends, family, whatever, take them to Black Sheep. First thing first: Make your reservations a few days in advance. If you are looking at dining on a weekend, might as well make them a week in advance. Seriously. They fill up fast. Good news is the roof top bar is open for seating.... and with the amazing view up there and weather permitting; it's where I prefer to sit anyway. They have plenty of tables, comfy couches and umbrellas. I think it's one of the coolest spots in Jax. To start, you MUST have the poutine. We order it every single visit... and will probably just start to go ahead and get two orders. It's that good. The bits of meat, cheese are mouth watering alone, and then the gravy is poured on when the dish arrives at your table... amazing! I also dig the fried olives... I do wish they were a little bit bigger, but they are stuffed with cheese and a nice salty fried starter. I went with the BBQ duck sandwich on my last visit and it did not disappoint! Super juicy, the perfect amount of sauce, add cheese and a pickled green tomatoes and call it divine! The accompanying fries were nothing out of the ordinary, but solid, nonetheless. I tried a bit of my friend's gnocchi and was blown away! I am not the biggest gnocchi fan (or now, I am thinking I just never had it done this well) and I absolutely fell in love with it! It came with the Black Hog Farms Chicken and Dumplings... the chicken was scrumptious as well. This is on my list for our next visit. My girlfriend ordered the Steak Au Poivre medium rare... and while this particular cut had a little too much connective tissue, it was still pretty good. It came out as ordered, just a little on the chewier side since it was lightly cooked. Mr. Yelp had the pork chop, was not overly impressed, but he is not an overall fan of black-eyed peas that came with it. And on the to the desserts: We order a few to share... something s'mores, bananas foster and the butterscotch crème brulee.  OMG.... the last was my favorite, by far, hands down and will ruin any other crème brulee experience from this point on. I've actually dreamed about it... the perfect amount of butterscotch, super smooth perfection with he crispy top. Outstanding. I think the prices are reasonable, since you know EXACTLY where your food is coming from! Yay for farm to table!  And as far as the atmosphere and ambiance.... an upscale flare, but still casual, and downbeat tunes... 5 stars all the way.
Impressive as the Black Sheep's modern gray facade was with its high trees and tall smoked glass front, the welcoming rain to my party's arrival last night brought us into the main bar area, which seemed to be enjoying the Labor Day weekend's start. Sitting among the diverse crowds, I noted the servers running around in black and that sometimes the servers supplemented their coverage with other servers who brought drinks and wine to the tables. I liked this team approach as it let the servers entertain as well as keeping tabs on their customers. Our party ordered a mix of plates to share and I found the food to be very good. I kept an eye out for what what other diners were having too. If it looked good on their plates, I was going to look it up on the menu and try it or suggest one of our group did so. I loved the Duck Cooked Two Ways sandwich, for example. With its high back walls separating the venue's areas, there wasn't a lot of people watching to be done and I would consider the crowd on our visit generally to be locals in their 30s-40s. What did entertain me (for a moment) was the couple next to us who were trying way too hard to be different with a colorful fashion that couldn't get them employed at the most tolerant of places. The food on their plates looked fantastic, so even the restaurant was trying to save them from themselves. I look forward to returning to the Black Sheep on a less crowded evening when I go look into the menu for myself to find other treasures to be consumed with the culinary passion exhibited here.
Solid neighborhood restaurant and a regular in our rotation of "where should we eat tonight"...from brunch to dinner, you can't go wrong.  Go tos include the burger, short rib, shrimp and grits, cheese.   Start with a Dusty Boot or three...it's one very delicious cocktail.
This place is solid.   First thing you'll want to do is take the elevator up to the roof and enjoy a cocktail or beer in one of the best settings for such a thing in Jacksonville.  Next, take the elevator back down and grab a table for your dinner.   You'll start with the poutine.  It's not your typically shoestring fries covered in curds and instant gravy but a more gourmet version of the classic dish made with steak fries.  You'll also enjoy eating this much more if you think of Cartman buying a jacuzzi filled with poutine on South Park. For dinner listen to what the specials are and then throw a dart.  You'll get something good.  The duck confit panini was good as was the steak.  For sides, the fried green tomatoes and bleu cheese and mushroom bread pudding were excellent.   After such a rich and filling meal you'll likely have no room for dessert.  At least I didn't.  Maybe next time I'll be able to pull back on the throttle and pace my intake so I have the ability to enjoy a sweet ending.  But if not, I'm positive I'll leave happy again.
Great place to celebrate. Staff is very informative and helpful. The decor is very modern and classy. My only critique is that the portions are a bit small, however they do make up for it with quality. Try the shrimp and grits if you're in to food with a nice kick.
The food was really good. I enjoyed spending my birthday celebration there. The place was pretty good space fitting. Cons- parking was hard to find especially on a weekend.
Black Sheep + Brunch = Brilliance! While it didn't feel like it took me four months to get back to BLK SHP, apparently it did. :(  However, my frown was turned upside down :) as I ascended to the rooftop. A beermosa was calling my name. And it was the perfect way to cool down on this overcast, yet brutally warm, day. My eyes widened as I read each ingredient. What was a girl to do? Everything sounded so good. I was just going to have to dive in & order with no looking back. I started with an order of the cheese grits with bacon. These grits make me appreciate being from the south. There's good grits and there's bad grits (unfortunately). And then there's BLK SHP grits. Absolutely creamy cheesy gooey bacon-y bowl of delicious. For my next trick, er I mean drink, I ordered Heaven's Gate. So glad I went with this rather than another beermosa. The ice cubes were much needed on this warming day. And for my 'main' dish, I went with the Fried Green Tomato BLT. Having just had FGTs the night before at North Beach Fish Camp (yelp.com/biz/north-beach…), I was in the mood for another fix. And good fix I got. The tomatoes were plentiful, the bacon was thick, and the lettuce didn't get in the way. Probably still full from the night before, I struggled to finish half of my sandwich. The other half came home with me. I can't eve fault them for it not lasting well until dinner, because I knew it wouldn't. I blame myself for that one. Brother & wife were in tow for this trip, and we created 2 additional baa'ing fans of the magnificent Black Sheep.
I had the wonderful experience to be invited to the yelp elite gathering. The interior was very simple yet modern and beautiful. Black sheep is very spacious with a second floor roof top which you have the option of stairs or an elevator. Being a beautiful day we all had brunch on the roof top. The tables set out we're white and right in the middle of the top they had plush seats laid about with a coal fireplace in the middle. It overlooked other buildings as well as a river. Great atmosphere for social gatherings. On to the taste testing, I had the eggs Benedict. They give you a side salad which is crispy and fresh and the Benedict itself was amazing. Toast golden and crispy with pouched eggs seasonings and hollandaise sauce spread on top. I was in heaven! To add as a compliment I had a mimosa which was very refreshing. The service was also amazing as they were very polite and attentive to us all. At the very end, I had the Banana foster sundae which was topped with banana crisps on top. The pricing was decent and the food was delicious. All in all A+ for an amazing experience. :)
We're from out of town and went to an event in downtown Jax. I looked up this place and I'm really glad I did! Great service and atmosphere- the rooftop was awesome. The drinks and food were great, I had fried green tomatoes and my boyfriend had the duck bahn mi. Both delicious and decently priced, can't want to go back :)
Come just for the duck banh mi! Exquisite,balanced in texture and flavor.... Absolutely loved it. Also got the short rib poutine, very good if a little inauthentic, utilizing melty cheese in lieu of cheese curds. Not what I expected but still good.
I would say 3.5. This is probably one of the best restaurants in Jax. I can't go higher than 3.5 stars because they don't change their menu frequently enough (I don't think they have ever changed their brunch menu). Great atmosphere, excellent staff.
Very nice but also very pricey, I mean $15 for a cheeseburger. I'd go back there to have a drink on their fantastic rooftop lounge but only after eating somewhere else nearby.
Black Sheep was a great find while visiting Jacksonville. I loved the industrial modern building and feel of the restaurant. The food was also good. For apps we shared the lobster bisque was super delish. Since I recently became a grits fan I decided to order the Shrimp and Grits.  The shrimp was so delicious as it was seasoned and grilled very well.  The grits was ok..I've had better but eating along with the shrimp wasn't that bad. We also ordered the burger which was also good. Nothing spectacular about the burger but it was good if your in the mood for a burger. We also ordered the wild mushroom and blue cheese bread pudding....can you say... to die for?? omg...a must try.  The flavors together is something worth trying. Overall, good experience minus the food taking a little longer than expected. Check em out if your in the area
I've been here a couple of times and don't have a bad word to say about it. The rooftop bar is an incredible place for happy hour, and the restaurant is a nice, intimate place for dinner (even if you're not on a date). The Fried Green Olives, stuffed with house-made pimento cheese, are not to be missed. The Braised Beef Shortribs are a little pricier than I normally go ($26), but totally worth it. If I lived in Jacksonville, this would definitely be a place I'd visit at least weekly and is somewhere I already recommend to people visiting the area.
This place is fantastic. Expensive, but totally worth it once in awhile. Bring a date here and impress her; she'll love you for it. The steak I had was amazing; 2nd best steak I've ever had in my life. The mac and cheese was so good too! Very clean restaurant (as it should be since it's still new). The service was excellent, and the food was as well. If you go to the back by the bar, and take the elevator to the top of the building they have a porch on top that's great to hang out and have social drinks. They have an open fireplace and table warmers spread throughout for chilly nights. Great place and will certainly be back for more.
I am back for another 5 star rating and this time, it's for brunch! I went for the soft-opening last week and everything was wonderful. The service, the food, and the menu were all what I have come to expect from this establishment. Get the potatoes than come on the side of the omelet, then thank me. One thing I also appreciated was that since it was a soft-opening, it was 50% off. Recently, I went to another restaurant that newly opened and was told "We're still experimenting with out menu" but there wasn't a discount. That's fine. I'm happy to be a guinea pig and help you grow your business. (I'm being 100% honest, no sarcasm intended.) However, Black Sheep gave us comment cards. Our server asked us to please fill them out because they value feedback. The owner came by to ask what we thought of our experience. At the other restaurant, our server didn't even ask us how we liked the food or what we thought of the things she suggested. I just think this shows the difference between doing things the right way and just doing things. And, to confirm, Black Sheep gets five stars from me because: a) It supports other local industries and I love my city! I wish more businesses were this thoughtful. b) The service is always great and beyond what you get in other restaurants. c) The food is smart without being pretentious and it's always yummy. d) It adds even more awesomeness to the atmosphere in Five Points. e) I just happen to really enjoy it and I think you will, too! So, you can believe the hype and go see for yourself, or take the opinion of the person who recommended you eat at establishments with prior health code violations instead. Hmm...decisions.
I never had duck, poor lil quacker... The best thing i ever had was this duck panini. We went to this place on a late night venture before going for coffee at bold bean for a night cape. i will be Back.  The waitress was very helpful in her suggestions. Trust them they know and eat the food.
I had been waiting to go here since the day that it opened, but I couldn't just go for a regular dinner, for me it needed to be a special occasion. Then Valentines day presented itself and I knew that this was the day that I was waiting for... I even called a month in advance (I know a little crazy). But I was not disappointed, and it was totally worth the wait. I went with my girlfriend and two of our best friends, and I am pretty sure that we ordered every special that they had. The only thing that was a little "off" were the greens, they were a little "gritty". We slightly mentioned it to our waitress and she gave us free desserts! The location is great, the decor tips it hat to the neighborhood, and the service was amazing. A must see if Riverside!
I ventured here for my first time today, after hearing about the Sunday brunch. Upon asking, I was informed that the rooftop bar is open every night for drinks, and for brunch on Saturdays and Sundays. The rooftop was fairly busy, but there was no wait for two. The waitress came over right away to take our drink order, and brought with her some refreshing ice water. Our beers came out very cold, promptly, and in the correct glasses! I ordered the Mayport Shrimp 'n Grits, my boyfriend ordered the Seasonal Vegetable Hash. The portions were not huge, but quite reasonable in size, and fantastically delicious! The treetop view of Riverside and the downtown skyline certainly added to the charm of it all. Attentive and fast service, attractive decor, delicious food and drinks.... We'll certainly be back for rooftop brunch again soon... Those Cardamom Pancakes sure looked tempting!
Fresh ingredients, well prepared and presented, good wine list and bar drink options, tastefully upscale without being pretentious, nice rooftop, pleasant view, good service. This seems both a locals spot as well worth a reasonable drive to get to. A business associate and I made our way from the south bank of downtown to Black Sheep in about 10 minutes and I'd be willing to go further knowing what I now know.  We had a couple apps at the rooftop bar followed by our meals. Enjoyed both enough that we stuck around for a bit and sampled some bourbon. It would be 5 stars if the food blew me away but don't get me wrong - it was good.
Sadly disappointed I got lobster bisque and garden salad both were really disappointing I sat next to a man who had the grass feed burger. He said it was delicious. I gave 2 stars because the cashier was friendly
A pleasant find in the 5 Points area of Riverside/Jacksonville. Hip. Bright. Classy. Well-prepared foods. Reminded me of dining in Vancouver with the open view and bright windows--classy setting. Several fine beers on tap, including Stone IPA, $5 Was delighted with the Chicken & Marcona Almond Salad, and the special of grilled Grouper served over Celery Puree. Both were outstanding. Pics uploaded Clearly evident that the mostly young staff are carefully selected and hired. You pay upon ordering at the cash register like a fast food restaurant, so not sure about tipping the staff. Tip:  Happy Hour, 3-6 pm, when select drinks are reduced about $1. If you think this review with photos is useful, funny or cool, I'd appreciate ur feedback by clicking below.
Let me tell you I am a Riverside Purist, NO I Dont like the condos near Memorial Park the businesses in that building and when they decided to build another High Rise (?) building "Black Sheep" no I was not pleased still not but, Get over it Rick. So the wife and I went there for Dinner on Monday for our anniversary and sat on the Roof top Dining area. Let me say great view, Good Food, Decent Service, All in All very Pleasant. I had the chicken and dumplings, Flavorful, Fresh, Ok Presentation. The wife had the Flank Steak, Very good with savory bread pudding, Awesome! The Dessert was very good. Is it the best place in town to eat? Is it better than other places in the area? NO but it is different and the shine has the potential to rub off. The view is beautiful even if it is like the condos a negative to the shyline of Riverside. Will we return probably. So enjoy! Go to the roof now it will be not so pleasant in the summer.
Food is tasty. I feel like the wait staff is kinda uppity sometimes and don't provide the best service for a nice restaurant.  I'm usually trying to hunt them down. Food comes in (IMO) small portions. Don't go if you're starving. The drinks are mind blowing good.
I'll probably be publicly shunned for only giving Black Sheep three stars.   Let me start with the positives.   The best thing about Black Sheep is the roof top bar.  I've gone after work and last Saturday was my first time there at night.  The crowd is definitely more upscale for Jax and they have priced the drinks on the roof accordingly.  The layout is cool and the service is good, too.  When we left around 11:30, there was a line to get to the roof. Next best thing is lunch.  I've been a couple times for lunch and I think the quality and price are legit.  The service is quick, but you don't feel like they're trying to rush you out.  It's close to my work so I'll"ll defiantly go back for lunch.   Dinner....... I'm not so sure about.  The food is solid, but not outstanding.  And the price is a little high for what you get.  I compare it to a dinner at Taverna, where I'll probably spend the same amount of money but I never feel like something was off at Taverna. We went on a Saturday night and had a reservation for 8:15.  When we checked in, the hostess said they were running behind, which was fine with us because we could have some drinks on the roof.  However, by 9:00 the table was still not ready.  The rooftop hostess told us to go downstairs because the table was almost ready.  When we got downstairs, the hostess had us wait another 15 minutes.  Then it turned out the table was ready all along and she just forgot to sit us. We ordered two rounds of appetizers before out entrees.  The appetizers were good, but then again we were starving.  Nothing incredible, though.  I ordered a pork dish and it was a little undercooked.  My wife ordered the salmon and hers was definitely undercooked.  Our waiter was very nice, but we got the feeling like it was late in his shift. Overall, we had fun but mostly because of the company and not so much because of the food.  Our waiter told us that the people who own Orsay also own Black Sheep and it makes sense.  My wife and I stopped going to Orsay after a couple of sub-par meals with no explanation as to why the drop in quality.  We loved Orsay but then got the feeling that quality was being sacrificed for quantity.  Black Sheep seems to be designed in that same vein. It is going to make them a ton of money, but it doesn't look like their goal is to serve some of the best food in town.
DELICIOUS! Eggs Benedict on proscioutto WOW! Child friendly, they carry children high chairs. Convenient  roof top for kiddies to hang during brunch. The staff is kind, food is fresh. The eggs Benedict is incredible but its potential could be exploited by putting it in a croissant. They grow their own herbs...agh i want to eat at black sheep again! Yum!
I'm willing to give this place another shot, but I really don't think it's my kind of place.  To be honest, I wasn't really impressed with the menu offerings and their craft beer selection.  For me, it just didn't seem like a good fit.   I was in a party of 3, and we arrived on Tuesday night around 7:00 pm without a reservation.  Thankfully, the weather was really nice and we could sit on the patio because the wait for a table inside was over an hour.  Once sat, I ordered the flat iron steak, which came with creamed spinach and fingerling potatoes.  My steak was a little overcooked and dry (because it was overcooked).  The spinach and the potatoes were really good, though! I wasn't really impressed with the service, and I would consider it bad.  It took over 10 minutes to get our first beverages, the server didn't check on us after we got our food, and we had to wait on the check.  With other restaurants in the same shopping center, I don't think Black Sheep will be on my revisit list.
My review is for the roof top bar, not the restaurant.  Other than the five story climb to the top, which I could have done without in heels, this place was awesome.  We came on a Friday night and were able to grab a table, which I'd say is a rarity at a lot of places. I very much enjoyed the view of Jacksonville at night.  It was a really chill atmosphere, which is what we were looking for after a day of travelling.  I'm a fan.
Our first time here. It's the Sunday night special. Glad we made reservations. This place is packed. Parking is very limited.  I don't know where to start this food is so good. I can't stand Brussel Sprouts. But not anymore. These are made to perfection.
5 Yelp stars are given out very sparingly. This is a rare (and most deserving) occasion. Black Sheep is a fabulous edition to quirky historic 5 Points. We love sister spot, Orsay, with all of our heart but the newness and creativity at Black Sheep stole our affection. Upon entering it's as though you've been transported from another big city. The decor is open and inviting, the drinks go down easy (those big, block ice cubes are pretty cool too), the service is friendly, knowledgeable and attentive, and the food is creative, affordable and beautifully plated. Whatever you do, save room for the vanilla malted milkshake with homemade oreos. We went for dinner on a Wednesday and ended our meal with this (fighting over the spoons) and I thought about it until Sunday. Seriously -- that good. Runner-up was the plate of fried green tomatoes with blue cheese fondue which we started our meal with. Duck confit panini with fries was delicious and Black Sheep does not skip on the duck meat. Also worth noting: the Black Hog Farms egg bread. This was unique and unexpectedly amazing. Can't wait to try more of the menu items soon. P.S. there's a cool high-top type counter area with laptop charging/plugging-in stations.
I went to Jacksonville for a wedding of a college friend and he suggested we try this restaurant out. Boy am I glad he did. I can't tell you much about the location, as I am not from Jacksonville, but it was a cute area of town. The atmosphere of the place was nice. It was quiet but not too quiet. It's a place that you can look nice or dress down and no one would think to look twice. We actually saw a prom group having their dinner while we were there, but the people I were with were wearing jeans if that gives you a good idea. Onto the best part, the food! Now I wasn't very hungry at dinner so I ordered a salad. It was called The Little Gem Salad and it truly lived up to its name. The salad consists of shaved fennel, heirloom tomatoes, green goddess dressing. I had it without the tomatoes and it was really delicious. The dressing was the best part! If I'm ever in that area of town again. I would definintely go back.
I've only been here for breakfast w drinks but I enjoyed it and will go back. Must go on the roof top as it's lovely on a nice day w a coffee or refreshing mimosa. Riverside has great restaurants but this stands out as a top choice. I'm excited to try lunch and dinner there
Amazing. Need I say more? I came here with some friends and was not incredibly hungry. I ordered a ceaser salad and the crab cake; two things easy to be over looked. Although probably the two most simple items on the menu, they both were the best I have every tasted. Friends were impressed with everything they ordered as well. Also, Rooftop Bar.
Great find in Jax! In town visiting and a foodie friend from Jax highly recommended Black Sheep for dinner. My colleague and I walked in on a Monday night and were quickly taken to a table. The location and interior are very cool. Clean lines, funky lights, dark colors and huge windows. Our server was very attentive and perfectly paced the meal and did not rush us at all. I'm sure from other reviews you can gather that this is a farm to table restaurant with mostly locally sourced foods. The menu even lists the sources of several of the items. There is also a very nice wine list with some very unique wines and a nice looking cocktail list. We started with the salt and vinegar potato chips. They were very well seasoned, with a very slight vinegar flavor. A little on the thick side so they were more crunchy than crispy (if that makes sense).  I had the Steak au Poivre for dinner with fresh made fries. The steak was a sirloin (I believe) and was cooked perfectly to medium rare. The meat was rubbed with pepper and spices and was topped with a light au poivre sauce. The fries were really the star here. They were so delicious and absolutely amazing! They were served with two sauces, an incredibly addicting aioli and a ketchup-like sauce. My colleague had the Caesar salad topped with shaved Parmesan cheese and a soft boiled egg. He raved through the whole salad and I found myself very jealous that I didn't order it myself. He had the Shrimp and Grits for dinner and ate every bite and thought it was fabulous (he is a true southerner, a 5th generation Floridian!). We were both very impressed with our dinners but were too full for dessert. Bummer, I know.  Our meal was about $60 for two with no alcohol. Overall, a good deal for the quality of food, dining environment, and service.
A friend had mentioned how great this place was I had to try it.  Since then, I have been back a few times and always craving more! Personally, I make a divine 4 cheese mac n cheese.  But Black Sheep kicks the ass of my home made mac with their 3 cheese mac dish.  And while I am not a huge fan of duck, the duck sandwich is what I always end up having because it is just so good! The wait can be long if you dont make reservations.  It has been hopping lately but you can usually find a table outside.  Will be a great spot when the summer comes around. The rooftop is a little too hipster for my taste. Too many older people trying to pretend they are still young and hip and too many youngins' that wanna be in the "it" place. But I can see how that makes some people very happy... But the one thing I adore about this place is that everything is locally bought and mostly organic.  it is rare to find such a place in Jax that is connected to the community.
Excellent food.  Excellent service. Chin is the bomb.  Had the short rib and companion had chicken sandwich. Don't forget about the milkshakes!
Went here a few weekends ago and will be back!  We arrived a few minutes before our reservation, so we grabbed a drink from the outdoor patio upstairs and were promptly seated.  The drinks were OK, great ideas but the execution was lacking.  We decided to switch to wine and were glad to see a well-picked list.   The service was great and the menu was short and to the point.  We started with The Gem Salad, which was very light and appeasing.  For entrees, I had the Crispy Skin Salmon while my date had Catch of the Day...I can't remember what the fish was but the texture and taste was similar to Grouper.  Both entrees were delicious and perfectly portioned.  We decided to pass on dessert but will try it next time. I would recommend Black Sheep if you are looking for something a little different on the weekend.  Great atmosphere to enjoy creative drinks and satisfying food!
Went there the other night and my fiancee and I had a really good time. The atmosphere gives a very sweet and romantic setting, low lighting, and beautiful fixtures. Service was very on point. Our waitress was very knowledgable about the menu and gave great recommendations. The rooftop bar is pretty cool but it was too cold outside for us to eat out there. I would recommend the shrimp and grits. The grits are not grainy however, more like fluffy mashed potatoes. It was awesome, the best I have ever had.
This restaurant is nice, it seems new and modern inside. The food was ok, I  ordered a chicken dish from their brunch menu and I liked it. However, the waitress that served our table was a little bit rude (it's a lady with dark hair ). My friend had her 6month baby girl so she was trying to feed her  while at the table, the waitress just waited there giving her dirty looks when she mentioned that she was not ready to order. Also, she asked a question about the water and the waitress replied in a rude way... Ok restaurant...not so ok customer service
I went here with some friends and loved every part of the experience. There was a short wait, about 15 minutes, for a table so we went to the rooftop bar. Great view of the area from up there. Lots of room to sit either by the pit fire or at a table with outdoor heaters (this was during March and a little chilly). You can eat up here too but we chose the downstairs restaurant. I had short ribs and fried green tomatoes. I thought both were sensational! The fried green tomatoes were almost too perfect because of the breading and how they were sliced. The tasted great so I'm not really complaining. My friends all chose the hamburger which they all loved. We shared some desserts that were also outstanding. The desert portions are large enough that you can probably share one with another person and feel satisfied. They're very rich! The chocolate malted milk shake had homemade oreo cookies with it. Nice touch! Our service was lacking a bit because they were breaking in a new server with our table. He was well-watched and any slips were quickly corrected. One other point. There was no bread served with the meal so it made eating appetizers a little awkward for those who ordered them with the others looking on. Serve the table something so everyone can have some small food before the main course arrives.
I had to pinch myself because I can't believe this place is real . Food awesome waitstaff amazing views from the rooftop insane y'all . We started off with the poutines , do yourself a favor and order your own ordered I'd hate for someone to get stabbed with a fork fighting over these gravy drenched cheesy fries . Trust me they're to die for . Now next in the line up are the shrimp and grits and let's just say they knocked it outta the park . The cajun seasoned shrimp where cooked perfectly onto of a fluffy cloud of creamy southern grits . Mmm mmm good y'all ! Also had a side of the Mac n cheese oh my Lord at the cheesy goodness. I also risk life and limb to steal a bite of my codiners short rib and I won't lie it was worth the risk . Now at the point I know that your thinking , there is no way she can hold anymore food but your sooo wrong this chick cannot say no to dessert and I'm so glad I didn't . Brownie banana split had me sing oh I had the time of my life and I owe it all to black sheep ... But seriously it was delish !! The restaurant is a fun little space but the rooftop is where it's at . Beautiful views of Jacksonville's night sky . The service was also rockin . I've been to so many places and the hostess be this little snotty brat that didn't want to help you but not at black sheep . The hostess last night went out of her way to make sure we got seated rooftop just as I wanted . I thought that it would stop there but no the bartender and waitress were just as amazing . This place is awesome take my word for it or don't that's less wait time for me because  I will be back .... Soon !
Went there on a Friday for lunch, then swang round for early happy hour later that day. pros: - the mayport grits were delsh, and really cured my slight hangover. - my man had the roast beef and very much enjoyed it. - service was good - friendly, manager came out to say hi and ask how things were. - the rooftop and the exercise you get from traipsing up the stairs. - decent craft brews on tap. - the neighborhood. cons: - ordering at the counter. Would return next time I'm in town.
I was so excited to go to Black Sheep last Tuesday.  It was packed, not a seat available when we left....so that's always a good sign.  We ordered the Peruvian Civiche and Lil Moo Ravioli for starters, both were fantastic.  Then I had the Braised Shortribs with Wild Mushroom and Bleu Cheese Bread Pudding (defintiely not a light night).  Divine.  The service was perfect and don't even get me started on the cocktail menu.  It looked amazing, but I stuck with my go-to, extra Courtney Love Dirty Martini with three bleu cheese olives....expertly made, twice.  You must go!
Ah yes, enter the modern age of being an instant local. Neigh to the former world of pandering your fate from the kiosk at your hotel, the galaxy of wisdom at a fingertips reach reaps the rewards of instant gratification. Years ago, when traveling to a new city, you would stick to your familiar names and end up with more of the same you could get at home. Now, the hip scene is your scene, and in Jacksonville, Black Sheep it is. When I leave an establishment in physical pain after eating far beyond my good, it was a five star meal. This is the case at black sheep. For starters, the cocktail list is solid. Fall shrub is Christmas in a glass and balanced perfectly. The poutine fries revamp my view of all things Canadian, holy hell to sous vide pastrami cubes whhaaaattt!!! As far as mains go, the Berkshire pork chop cooked to a specified medium rare was literally the best hunk of hog that has graced my palate ( and this is coming from the former manager of Swine southern table). The added marbling of a heritage breed squealer is omnipresent throughout this dish; savory spoon bread to boot! Service is prompt, perfectly professional. There when you need it, invisible the rest of the time. It's a hip scene, if I could add any wisdom, lower the lights and turn up the music, the food will bring home the bacon, please help me set the mood! Oh yea, the rooftop bar is pretty epic too. Great place for a nightcap!
Grouper special was dynamite. I always love coming here.
A friend recommended this place. We went for the brunch . The macaroni and cheese side dish was excellent. The mushroom and cheese omelette was good but the egg was a little bit watery . Nonetheless the flavors were great. The mimosas were excellent and the rooftop bar is really pretty. The service was pretty average. Id return though! Enjoy .
I have had the pleasure of dining at Black Sheep for both dinner and lunch. Each time I have been impressed. The food is delicious, the cocktails are wonderful (and deceptively strong) and the service is friendly and professional.   One of my favorite dishes, and probably the worst for my hips, is the poutine. If you have never had poutine before, it is a must. They take thick cut fries, cheese curds and house cured pastrami - put the lot in a bowl - then cover it with delicious gravy. I know right?!? Better than the poutine I had in Montreal! -- (The home of poutine) Their handcrafted cocktails are well worth the short wait it takes for the bartender to lovingly make each one. Two of my favorites are the 'Down on the Farm' and the 'Peach Julep'.  They also have a nice selection of Bourbon and Scotches, in case you prefer a stiffer drink. When I first went there for lunch I was a little nervous about the line to order at the counter. However, I quickly realized the line moved really fast and it was a very efficient way to order. The food came to our table in less than 8 minutes on a cute silver tray. I love that they set it up that way! Folks can step out and grab a great lunch without having to worry about getting back to the office in time. In addition to being impressed by the food, drinks and service I am also impressed by the level of thoughtfulness that went into each and every aspect of the dining experience. From the to-go coffee cups to the lighting to the fonts on the menus; everything was chosen with intention and vision. Looking forward to checking out the rooftop bar when it opens!
Went to Black Sheep with the family for brunch recently when I was home and I was pleasantly surprised! The food was amazing and we all had a hard time choosing. I got the seasonal vegetable hash, which had snap peas and bok choy and was so flavorful and delicious. My parents had the burger and the croque Madame (amazing) and my sister had the shrimp and grits, which had a great slightly spicy, BBQ-ish sauce. Everything was delicious, definitely looking forward to going back!
Stellar service. Delicious cocktails. Elegant decor and ambiance.  The food has always been creative and good also. I wish they would offer a little more sauce with the tempeh entree (it's a bit dry). Rooftop terrace is also wonderful. Very highly recommended!
Oh my gosh, the food is absolutely fabulous. Our server Amber, was the best and really knowledgable of the menu. For a enjoyable night start out on the roof for cocktails and ask for Amber to be your waitress. She makes it a Five Star night.
I have only been here so far for drinks on their rooftop - awesome!! I definitely want to go back and try their food.  This is a must-stop place if you are in Riverside and looking for a place to grab a drink!
Awful. Reservations for a birthday dinner for my daughter. Arrived on time and told our table was given away and we needed to wait 45 minutes. Went to bistro Aix for a lovely dinner with true service!
2nd time here this past weekend. I had to come back for the duck confit panini. My fiancé had the catch of the day, which was fresh snapper from st auggy..cooked with the skin on which was super yummy. The panini comes with French fries and aioli (soooo YUM!). We had the apple pie with vanilla ice cream for dessert which was SO flippin delish..it came out as a little personal pie with crunchy streusel topping which is an absolute must with apple pie. Love it here. Awesome food and awesome atmosphere. Roof top bar is a plus as well.
Black Sheep is in a trendy part of Jacksonville called Riverside. Super busy on the weekends with limited parking. The food was good. I ordered their grass fed burger with fries and fresh, warm salt & vinegar chips to start. The vibe inside & out is really nice and welcoming.
This place come highly recommend so we tried it out and it did not disappoint.  We were seated on the roof with a beautiful sun set. A light breeze and it was a very nice atmosphere. We started out with the poutine and it was wow good. I just can't find the words to say how good it was. I then had the braised short ribs for dinner with the blue cheese bread pudding . it was excellent. It was even better than I had hoped for. We will be back as this is a new favorite for us.
ive been to the roof top a few times with friends and we always have a great time..the service is great as well as the food..weve had the fried green olives and they are the cats meow!
Black Sheep is the new incarnation of Chew, a downtown cutting-edge eatery we all loved before Jonathan Insetta decided to relocate to Five Points. The interior is sleek and modern, the patio is social and excellent for people watching, and the rooftop bar, sadly, smells like an ashtray and is overcrowded. But really, the food is the star. Appetizers: By far, the best appetizer is the Mayport Shrimp Ceviche. Plump shrimp sliced lengthwise so the taste and texture are recognizable, as opposed to many ceviches which utilize completely diced mystery seafood. It's Limey, the avocado is fresh, and the sweet potato crisps really add an unexpected flavor profile to the dish. The Fried Green Tomatoes are cooked perfectly also.  Crisp thick slices and the breading adheres to the tomato, rather than falling off in a mealy mess. The sauce is also a great accompaniment. Soups: I have to admit I have not tried the French Onion here, but I know that the recipe is similar to Chew and Orsay. I can tell you it will be perfect. I experienced a special soup of the day here involving a variation on potato and leek soup with truffle oil. Please put this on your regular menu, Chef Insetta. I licked the bowl. It wasn't cute, but I was driven to desperation knowing that it would not be available when I returned. Main Courses: The Burger. I typically would not list a burger at a place with such haute cuisine first on my list, but this burger. Perfectly cooked (please do yourselves a favor and order it medium rare), perfectly seasoned, and yes, the grass fed beef makes a huge difference. Quite simply put: I am not a person who ever craves a burger. I crave this one. The burger is also traditionally paired with the shoestring potatoes. We have gotten them a little cold or greasy a few times but the servers are always willing to bring a new batch. Perhaps I could be hired to do quality control on fries before they leave the kitchen. If you like fish, order the catch of the day. Doesn't matter what it is, it will be cooked perfectly and the accompanying vegetables will be the perfect flavor profile for the fish. Don't modify it. The deconstructed chicken and dumplings was very delicious. I will admit, the gnocchi and veggies were good but not impressive--what was impressive was how perfectly the chicken was cooked. Crispy skin without being overly salted, and hot, juicy chicken breast underneath. Not even a hint of dryness. As a 'side' note: any time there are Brussels sprouts involved in a dish, get it. Those sprouts are worth everything! I have also ordered the short rib entree, and although I didn't LOVE it, I chalk that up to my own preferences rather than any fault of Black Sheep. The flavors were there, but the meat was just a little too fatty for my tastes, which is what you should expect with a short rib. The bread pudding was outstanding, though. Desserts: Holy Crap. The Pineapple Upside Down Cake.  I dream of it. Warm cake with a crisp sugar crust and subtle chunks of pineapple baked into the top.  Cold coconut sorbet with strands of toasted coconut. And a sauce that has some chile heat leaves your mouth tingling. I always get dessert.  Always. So, the verdict? Wonderful. Always on my short list. Make sure you have reservations.
Spent the afternoon in the Five Points area and stumbled upon this trendy spot. It was a Saturday and they offered a nice brunch menu.  Order a salad with the grass feed hamburger and my husband ordered a grilled chicken on the same salad.  The service was excellent and we were very happy that restaurant accommodated our needs.  The decor is trendy and very minimal.  Lots of clean lines and lovely interesting fixtures.  We can't wait to come back and try the dinner menu.
I visited Black Sheep on a Sunday night. We decided to sit on the rooftop, where the atmosphere was really nice. Very chill with a lounge feel. We sat at the bar and when we arrived there was only 2 other couple at the bar, yet it took at least 5 minutes for the bartender to greet us. The drinks were descent but the food, just okay. I ordered Chicken and dumplings, but there definitely weren't any dumplings involved. The ceviche was sub-par. The beet salad was nice and refreshing. The service from the bartender was good but he couldn't stop talking about the negatives of the area, even though we told him we had just moved here. Quite the downer, I have to say. We were excited to try this place out, because we had heard good things but we left feeling pretty disappointed.
When they first opened up, I was a little iffy about their food. It just seemed to be a little bland, over-priced, and boring. Since I don't rule out restaurants on my first visit, unless of course they screw something up BIG time, I still gave Black sheep a chance. The past few times I have returned, their food has been out of the ordinary! Very flavorful, great presentation and the price actually is worth the meal itself! It seemed like they have fixed all the quirks they had when they first opened up, except the part where the waiters and hostess just seemed uninterested in helping you out. Every time I come here it seems like they are there because they HAVE to be there. It brings the mood down. Now, I'm not saying they are all that way but the ones I have gotten have been acting like that! The best service I have gotten are from the bartenders working the rooftop bar. They were all enthusiastic, helpful, and actually love to communicate with patrons. Speaking of the rooftop bar, I LOVE IT!!! It's the best addition to JAX EVER! I mean it's no NYC, SF, or LA but still a great thing to have and enjoy. The rooftop area is one of the reasons why I love this place. If you come to Black Sheep I recommend the following items from the menu: Dinner Menu: Crispy Skin Salmon: Shrimp, fordhook beans, gnocchi, shellfish butter. Mayport Shrimp & Grits: Wainwright cheddar grits, tasso, black sheep hot sauce. Braised Beef Shortribs: Creamy leek and rosemary soubise, seasonal vegetables, wild mushroom and blue cheese bread pudding. French Onion Soup (from their dinner & lunch menu). Lunch menu: Beef Short Rib Pot Roast: (My number ONE recommendation) Potatoes, parsnips, carrots, cremini mushrooms, braising jus. Overall, I do recommend Black sheep for its food, decor and rooftop bar. I will not recommend it for a romantic date night though, only because when it's crowded, it's LOUD!
Came on a saturday night and enjoyed the rooftop bar. We had dinner up there too. Thought the food was overpriced and portions were small. I thought the food was over rated, except for the macaroni which was delish. Would not come back here for a meal, but would come back for the rooftop bar.
What a great atmosphere to add to Jacksonville! We enjoyed having dinner and then going upstairs to the rooftop bar until the sideways rain(The weather Channel said 0%) started coming in and ran us off. Beginning with dinner, our waiter was great. He was very attentive and had a quirky little sense of humor keeping us all giggling. One in our party was a bit put off by the menu, and although I can't imagine wanting to eat there every weekend, it's nice to have a change to try occasionally. I had the fried green tomatoes and they weren't bad. I didn't read that there was blue cheese in the aioli  on top so I had to scrape that off but other than that they were cooked to perfection. We ordered several different entrées (shrimp and grits, pork chops, and BBQ  pork belly)to try and everything was good. The spicy aioli  for the shoestring fries was a big hit. The atmosphere was wonderful. It kind of reminded us of somewhere in DC. We will definitely come back for appetizers and drinks and enjoy the rooftop bar.
We love Black Sheep...but not for the rooftop brunch menu/service.  My guess is that the design of the building was never intended for this daypart/menu/service.  it is supposed to be a cool bar and it has always hit that mark.  Also, we take into consideration that they probably were slammed the day and night before as it was FL/GA weekend.  Working on the rebound and recovery is never fun or easy. We will definitely be back to dine...in the dining room.  if you haven't tried them, you should.
This is an amended review of a previous one- the owner contacted me regarding my subpar experience and I went back and had a wonderful time. The happy hour cocktails are incredible, and the quality of the food is second to none. I look forward to visiting again!
Delicious!  From the Poutine to the short ribs , the ravioli and the egg toast. Everything was fantastic. Evan our server was superb !
I finally had the opportunity to try Black Sheep. The space is great and I enjoyed the rooftop. Our server was excellent but I was not blown away by the food (I had the short ribs and pork belly. I also tried the chicken and dumplings) Everything was a little salty for my taste. The banana split desert was excellent though. I would return.
I went back to Black Sheep again. This time I wanted to try their bacon. They tell me it's smoked in house. Well I ordered the Fried green Tomato BLT with slaw and a side of Cheese Grits. The grits were out of this world good. Just creamy as grits can be with a semi sharp Cheddar an bacon crumbles. Absolutely heavenly. Now the the BLT the bacon tasted good there just wasn't much of it. There was 4 pieces about 3-4" long and the tomatoes really over powered the sandwich. The best thing about Black Sheep is fast becoming the waitress/hostress named Caline. She is very knowledgeable about their food and if you are me and ask a lot of funky questions. She will not stop until I have my answer. Like today I asked what type of wood they smoke their bacon with. She found out for me. Kudos to this place for finding her.
Only applies to the rooftop bar: felt like I was in NYC again. Fun environment and attentive service. Prices were not too unreasonable but def not cheap.
We will be back! This is a fantastic restaurant! We had the fried olives and the smoked trout for appetizers, beet salad, and then the pork chop and snapper for our main meals. Everything was exceptional!
Went with my team for my birthday.  Had the Poutine appie that was the best I've had south of Montreal.  Really tasty gravy with smoked short rib. Had the Mayport Shrimp and Grits for my entree and it was delicious.  The Shrimp were perfectly cooked and well seasoned, the grits were fluffy and had great flavor from the Wainwright Cheddar.  The Tasso was a nice smoky compliment to the Black Sheep hot sauce.  My only complaint (minor) was that the lunch portion was a bit small.  Fortunately, the Poutine was filling :)
Love blacksheep! Every time I eat here, I always walk out satisfied. The fried green tomatoes are amazing and so is the ruben! On Saturday and Sunday for brunch, they make a homemade pastrami hash with a fried egg on top! Very tasty, but too heavy on salt.
Beautiful roof deck, but we were disappointed in the food. Poutine was soggy and way underseasoned. The gravy was really bland and overall just blah. Duck banh mi to me was good, but others at the table did not enjoy it. The fried green tomatoes were undercooked with raw batter at the center and also unseasoned (maybe they ran out of salt in the roof kitchen?). Bloody mary was too peppery for my taste. Great menu, just wish it lived up to the hype! We are in this area fairly  frequently so maybe we will give it another shot and see if this visit was just a rare bad day there....
Been wanting to try this place since reading a friend's review so our group of 5 headed here on Saturday afternoon for lunch. Originally thought we wanted to sit rooftop since it was such a beautiful day out but once seated, the sun was in half our tables eyes so we headed back downstairs. I ordered the Heaven's Gate after it was highly recommended by our waitress. It was very good and had such a refreshing flavor. Makes me want to try some of their other cocktails. We decided to start off with the Poutine and it was awesome! Highlight of the meal for me. I will say that it took a while to come out considering there were not many people there at that time. It was worth the wait though. We each ordered something different so we could try a variety of things. I ordered the burger which came with fries but also ordered the mac n cheese to split. Loved the fries especially the sauce they served with it. Everyone at the table liked it. Burger was good too. Not the best I have ever had but satisfying none the less. Other items at the table were the Duck Banh Mi, Fried Egg Sandwich, Pastrami Hash, Fried Egg Sandwich and the Croque Madame. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meal and I would definitely come back. The one thing we all agreed on was the mac n cheese was nothing special. It was fairly bland.
I went with a friend at her suggestion. We split the poutine, which I had never had before. I'm very tempted to get a whole order for myself next time; it was glorious. I got two sides, basically--the macaroni & cheese and the soup du jour, lobster bisque. I was craving a soup and it was either that or their split pea with ham (?) and lemon. The bisque was strong and thick, but I would love to try the split pea next time. The macaroni & cheese could have done with much less butter and the price was not worth it for something I could make better on my stovetop. Maybe I'm just a traditionalist. Maybe I should have thought of that before I ordered. But I wasn't a fan. My friend ordered the egg in a basket (I forget the name on the menu; first item under entrees). It came out gorgeously, the bread chewy and soaking up yolky goodness, paired with a light salad that looked to balance the meal well. Our waiter was amiable and very attentive even when his other tables were across the restaurant. I will definitely be making multiple trips back because each menu is so intriguing. Cocktails! Desserts!
Good food, great ambience.  The Florida Striped Bass was a bit too salty, but the Ceviche and excellent wine list made up for it.
Food is amazing! Favorite at the table was the blue cheese/crimini mushroom bread pudding. Evan took great care of us!
A very solid, modern American restaurant offering great food at fair prices. I ate lunch one workday, and was quite impressed. The service was quick and friendly, and the food was delicious. Shrimp & Grits are apparently the local favorite. I would definitely come back for another meal.
Visiting from the foodie Mecca of SF on biz, I have to say that I was impressed.  Handsome design, interesting drinks, excellent fare, attentive service, and an attractive crowd. The din was a little much, but not enough to prevent me from giving this place an enthusiastic endorsement.
The four stars for black sheep is driven mostly by its roof top bar. The food is marginal and rather pricey. The drinks are OK. However, the bartender actually tried to serve me a lukewarm beer. The roof top gets busy, so make sure you get there early.
Cuisine is mediocre; there are much better places to eat in Riverside.
I've been to Black Sheep three times for lunch, and have thoroughly enjoyed each visit for lunch.  At lunch, one orders from the counter and the food is brought to you buy a staff member. I really enjoy not having a waiter for lunch, because it is a little more relaxing and seems faster.  The first time I went I had the pot roast, which was good but not amazing. However, my dining companions ordered Poutine as an appetizer! I had never had Poutine , which is french fries with pork belly, cheese curds, and gravy. It is so yummy! The second time I ordered the egg toast and poutine. The egg toast was better than the pot roast, but since my dining companion was a vegetarian I ended up eating almost all of the poutine. Since the second visit, I have decided to only order the Poutine as a meal.  The third time I went I ordered the poutine, and was so happy not to share.  My only gripe is the plastic cups at lunch service. Now, the rooftop lounge. So, at lunch the hostess told us that the rooftop lounge was open at 5 and that we should come back and see the view.  Since, it was a beautiful sunny day, we went back and had some drinks on the roof.  I really love the views of the Acosta bridge and the little glimpse of the river.  It reminded me of being at the Metropolitan Museum of Art's rooftop bar, well just a little bit. It has a really inviting fire pit seating arrangement in the middle. I also really like the use of concrete tables at the bar.  I went back another night, when it was little colder and enjoyed the views and some more Poutine, but I think I will wait till Spring to go again. It's a little too cold for my Floridian blood, currently.
It's really simple.  Great food and OUTSTANDING service.  Black Sheep is fantastic.  We tried several items.  Had the Poutine and also got the pimento stuffed olives as well as a single cheese.  Split the Cowboy Meats Grass Fed Hamburger with bacon and cheese between the two of us and it was so good it should be criminal.  Can't wait to give them another visit.
Yes! Thank you! This place should set the bar for anything new that comes to downtown Jax. The food is good, but it's the ambiance and the well done restaurant concept. beautiful setting and a roof top bar. This is the future of Jacksonville. Somebody sign up the Chef/Owner of this place for a few more projects in downtown. Good to see some culinary guys with vision in this town. Well done overall.
YES. SIR. What did we ever do without this place? I recently ended a long stint in New York, and Black Sheep is one of those places that I can go to and feel like I never left. They had me at mac-n-cheese, but then it got better. I had some sort of cucumber vodka ridiculousness that was clearly made with TLC. As much as they can, it seems they use local produce and such, which anyone can appreciate. The rooftop bar recently opened, offering a unique perspective of the city and one of the most beautiful bartenders I've ever seen (call me tattoo guy!!). Way to step it up, Jacksonville. This chick is impressed!
Wonderful brunch, loved the atmosphere and the fried green tomato sandwich. Milkshake was amazing... will be back.
Ridiculously crowded, trendy, overpriced,  pretentious and did I mention crowded? But those bartenders make a mean-ass drink. Still, I don't go there unless I've been coerced.
Out with friends on a Friday night and we wanted to check out Black Sheep's roof top bar and it was a disappointment. While they had several beer taps they were out of everything except for an IPA and service took for ever just to get a drink. Also the staff there was very rude and apparently when the kitchen closes the cooks come out for drinks, hope they didn't want a beer, and were also very rude and had some of the worst language. I think just another strike against this place. I can not talk about the food or anything else which is unfortunate but based on my experience I will not be back......besides there is plenty of other great places in riverside to check out.
Absolutely one of the best places in JAX. Premium menu, great bar.
Let me start by saying I don't give out stars solely based on the appearance of a restaurant or how great the location is. If this were the case, Black Sheep would get 5 stars. Secondly, I think too many local Yelpers rush to give 5 stars to any cool new concept restaurant that opens in Riverside. Enough about me, onto the review... I've been to Black Sheep twice now and let me reiterate, the service, location, cleanliness, and "cool factor" of the restaurant is a big step for Jacksonville. Well done owners of Black Sheep. I have ordered in total 3 apps and 2 lunch menus over the two visits. I really like the farm to table concept but the food has been very underwhelming. Burger- very plain tasting, but cooked perfectly Warm Sea Salt and Vinegar potato chips- again, very plain tasting, but like the idea Little Gem Salad- boring but the green dressing was awesome House Smoke Pastrami Reuben- the meat was tasty, the bread was very greasy Mac and Cheese- very tasty side Shoestring Potatoes- severely lacking in flavor Go and check out this awesome looking addition to 5 Points and have a cocktail or craft beer, but don't expect to be wowed by the food. To the owners, it's a great idea but you must rotate more items and work on flavor.
Black Sheep is a great addition to the Jacksonville foodscape! The culinary concept is farm-to-table, with most of their food coming from restaurant partner Black Hog Farm in East Palatka. This sustainable style is gaining major momentum all around the country and, lucky for us, it's finally picking up speed here in Florida. (It's about time considering half the state is covered in cow pastures!) In addition to fresh, local eats, Black Sheep just looks cool. Located in a sleek, angular two-story building on the corner Oak and Margaret in 5 Points, this place has a distinctly modern feel. As you enter through the heavy front doors, low, golden lights illuminate a black and chrome color scheme with cozy, private booths. Hmm, I like-a-the-swank! The hostess led my party of seven (I was the seventh wheel of course!) to a large half booth in the back. As I plopped down I noticed we were seated in front of a cafeteria-style counter where servers were ringing in orders. When I inquired about the set-up, my friend informed me that they do counter ordering at lunch to keep things moving quickly. Cool! Seems like a great way to transform this sleek, dinner spot into a bustling lunch stop. Can't wait to come back and try that. We started with a smorgasbord of apps to get a taste of everything. The Fried Green Olives came out first with a side of creamy Pimento Cheese. Yum! Salty little olives were battered and fried up in a Panko breading and bursting with flavor. Great combo with the Pimento Cheese. Next up, Poutine. (That's french fries, cheese curds, and gravy for the uninitiated.) The serving was huge, with a pile of hand-cut french fries topped with massive cheese curds and creamy short rib sauce, and the flavors were on point. You'd think this dish would taste just over-the-top fattening, but Blk Shp does it well and I really enjoyed the smoky, satisfying flavor. We also did the Lil Moo Ravioli, a light lemony affair that was cooked perfectly, the Bar-B-Q Pork Belly (I love pork!), and the Fred Green Tomatoes. Everything was delicious and made very well. The Fried Green Tomatoes got a couple complaints around the table for being a little heavy on the breading, but other than that everyone seemed to love all the apps. I decided to go light after all that appetizing and ordered the Beet Salad with goat cheese, arugula, and oranges. It came out creamy and colorful and, after seeing everyone's massive meaty entrees, I was so glad I went with rabbit food! Beets are a wonder-food for digestion and perfect after all those super-southern starters. As I tossed the salad a bit, the goat cheese practically disappeared into a creamy, light dressing, coating each bite of the salad. Yes yes yes! The beets were roasted perfectly and the oranges were fresh and tangy. Of course, my friends all felt sorry for me and offered bites of their Mac n' Cheese, Duck Paninis, Blue Cheese Bread Pudding, and Short Ribs, and it all tasted great to me! (I was actually pleasantly surprised by the bread pudding as I'm usually not a huge blue cheese enthusiast) We were also happy to note that the Mac was identical to our old favorite Chew; no coincidence here though, as Blk Shp is a brain child of the Orsay family. No room for dessert, but the Pineapple Upside Down Cake is going on my list! Overall, loved the food and my experience on the whole at Black Sheep. I don't give five stars because a restaurant is THE BEST PLACE IVE EVER BEEN OH MY GOD MY BRAIN JUST EXPLODED! Rather, I choose to support great food, considerate and knowledgeable service, chic atmosphere, and especially a concept that gets behind local, sustainable dining. Eating at Black Sheep is worth doing all on its own, but when I know I'm supporting the "know where your food came from" movement, it's a no-brainer. Everyone should try it!
The duck confit panini is excellent. Great spot for business lunch or a swanky happy hour.
This place is the quintessence of all that Jacksonville as been missing; Rooftop, upscale and affordable, and an immense forethought and effort put into the menu. I go here every Thursday after class and the food is always delicious and maintains a consistency that many of the restaurants in this area have neglected for years. Hopefully this will become a trend and open the eyes of other establishments and bring awareness of the new height of the hyperbole "bar". I love the "Fried Green Olives", if you love jalapeño poppers but hate the wretched heartburn that usually accompanies it then the olives are a fantastic alternative.
I love Black Sheep. The location is beautiful. The service is amazing, but I could be biased because my friend works there. ;) I ordered the chocolate malt shake / poutine fries / a sandwich. It was SO much food. Moderately priced. Not expensive, but not cheap. I was in LOVE with the poutine fries & shake. I didn't fall in love with the sandwich, but it wasn't awful. I'll definitely be making a return trip here! It makes me smile to see new businesses opening up in the area, so when they're delicious -- I'm always happy to be a supporter.
YUM! I am going to be dreaming of their bread pudding for weeks! This is a very chic restaurant with a fun environment. They have indoor seating, bar seating, outdoor patio seating, and rooftop seating. We sat on the rooftop and it was a little chilly, so the hostess put us at a table near a heater. The service was great and the food delicious! Everything tastes very fresh, which can be expected from a farm-to-table restaurant. I recommend the bread pudding and the fried olives.
Everything I've had here is delicious. The staff is quick and the location is great!
Our family was highly disappointed with Black Sheep. The restaurant was very noisy, the food was very overpriced for what you get, and the service was only average. The patio is terrible- very bright lighting and people smoking all over the place. The food was nothing to write home about at all- definitely not worth $26 for a tiny piece of fish or steak. We will not be back, unfortunately. Stick to Mossfire or O'brothers if you want to stay in the neighborhood. There are so many other good restaurants in this town, and this is just not worth it at all.
Been there twice now, experienced both inside and the rooftop bar. Inside is great to go to try some great food, however the rooftop is more of a place to venture during an afternoon or possibly early evening. When I was here on a Saturday night, the vibe felt like a club. I have tried a few things here, first being the cheddar grits, they are so delicious and I'm not from the south... Their fish ceviche is also good too,  this was made more in a traditional Peruvian manor as opposed to your standard restaurant chain's interpretation. All in all an excellent place to bring a date for early evening before you venture out on the town. Highly recommend Black Sheep
No Happy Hour so you might want to go somewhere else to get your drink on.
Excellent lunch on the patio last weekend with friends.  Kind of a farm to table menu with pretty good choices...maybe a bit weak on the salads.  Two burgers and the shrimp and grits were very good.  One order of crab cakes with a spicy tomato bisque was enjoyed as well.  Friendly service...she made us feel like regulars in no time.   After lunch we took a quick peek at the rooftop deck/bar which looks great for a young professional crowd.  It is very well done. Would recommend with a 5, but the menu needs a bit more to choose from and the prices are a bit high for the area.  But hey, if that's what it takes to stay in business then carry on because Jax needs good places like Black Sheep.
I've been once and had a great time.  I ate with a group outside on the main floor patio.  I'm a pretty plain eater, but thought I'd venture out and try the shrimp and grits.  I loved the dish.  Full of flavor!  A friend who is with me and watches her sodium, said it was too salty.  I loved it though!  Very cool atmosphere!
I came here for the first time last Friday night and I was beyond impressed. The atmosphere is upbeat and inviting. I am in love with the rooftop bar, it is the perfect place to relax and have a few drinks with some friends. There is not a lot of places in Jacksonville that I enjoy going for drinks but this place is definitely up to par and makes the list to one that I would become a regular to.
This is a very trendy mid-scale restaurant. They offer local fare which we liked. We came for dinner and the hubs and I split the fried chicken with mashed potatoes, Brussels sprouts, and creamed corn. It was delicious. The chicken was fried without being greasy. The vegetables were southern taste with northern crisp, and the brown gravy had a sweetness I hadn't experienced before. They were busy for a Sunday night and it looks like reservations are recommended. I think the experience for lunch would be quite different, so take that into consideration.
I've been here twice now, and I just love it. The atmosphere is great, vibe is fun and inviting. The staff is friendly. I've been here on a 'date night out' as well as a 'night out with the girls' and both times were great. They feature a farm-to-table menu which are crafted from several local farms in the North Florida Area. I was finally able to try a burger made from grass-fed beef which was exciting! The Fried Green Tomatoes are amazing. I even tried the Short Rib Poutine (fries, cheese curts, brown gravy) which is not typically something I would order, and holy cow, it was delicious. While a bit on the pricier side, you definitely get your monies worth because the food is higher quality. Drink prices aren't astronomical, and they have a variety of beers starting at $4.
Such a cool atmosphere with some of the best food. I love that everything is local.  I've been there for both brunch and dinner and have never had a bad experience! Amazing food!
Everything was delicious and well prepared. The shrimp with grits were heavenly and a good alternative to some otherwise heavy (I mean that in a good way) fare. The cocktails were sublime, I had the tequila-based one, and then the JAX local beers. I would have given 4.5 stars if possible. I would send everyone here that would ask where to eat in JAX.
We had a catered lunch from Black Sheep at work and I decided I needed to eat at the restaurant in person before writing a review. The lunch was okay, obviously not as hot and fresh as it could be but the chicken and dumplings were creative and cooked perfectly. My boyfriend and I went for dinner recently, and it was delicious! Great atmosphere, great location, amazing food, and good service. We started with Poutine, which we had never tried, and we were not disappointed. Thick cut french fries with cheese curds and a yummy gravy they pour on top tableside. Since we had such a rich appetizer, I decided to go with a soup and salad for my dinner. I love a good goat cheese beet salad, and Black Sheep's was one of the best I've had! The goat cheese was so creamy and not too thick, it almost formed a thick dressing when tossed with the fresh arugula. The beets were perfect, I only wished there were a few more orange slices. I tried the french onion soup because I heard sister restaurant Orsay had the best one around. It came out piping hot with the perfect amount of cheese and onions. My boyfriend had the Duck Confit Panini and it was really yummy and big enough to take home leftovers. It was served with hot crispy fries! The only thing I think Black Sheep could improve on is to expand the dinner menu a little bit, and have a few cocktails priced under $10.
I dined at Black Sheep for the first time in November and created a posting regarding my not so wonderful experience.  Much to my dismay, I was contacted by the personable restaurant owners shortly after my posting, both of whom were incredibly concerned requesting feedback and specific examples regarding my experience.  This display of professionalism demonstrated by restaurant leadership was admirable and we discussed the possibility of returning for another chance.  We decided to return last night and the experience was fabulous.  I certainly realize that my past experience was not the norm and that this truly is an establishment that lives up to it's amazing reputation.  Every aspect was perfection. Our interaction with employees was incredibly pleasant.  We will be back!
My fav restaurant. Period. It couldn't get better than this. The lunch duck banh mi sandwich is something else. Just the right amount of sweet and a little spice. The bread tastes like it's made fresh daily. Won't go wrong w any of their lunch sandwiches.
My new favorite restaurant in Riverside!  The fact that everything is fresh and local is great. We had dinner on the rooftop bar tonight and that was awesome. I had the Poutine for a starter and honey chose the ceviche which was fresh Grouper. The Poutine was this fabulous bowl of French fried yumminess w/pork belly and their short rib gravy which gives new meaning to the word gravy. Whoopee not anyone's French fries and gravy for sure. That's one dish I can honestly say that I can't think of one single thing that you could add to it that would make it any better. Getcha some soon. Then for entrees Honey choose the short ribs and I went with the shrimp and grits. What a fantabulous choice that was. I knew the grits from brunch and the sauce and Tasso over the dish was the most amazing combination, the shrimp was cooked perfectly. I also had to have the fried green tomatoes w/warm blue cheese sauce which was over the top deliciousness. I only wish I could have eaten all of it, I be happy I didn't when I have leftovers for lunch tomorrow though. Heeheehee. Amber our server was very knowledgable about the menu and the food, and she was quite the foodie herself. She grows her own veggies in her front yard. She was also very personable and quite the conversationalist. A wonderful asset to a wonderful restaurant and evening.
My Girlfiend and I stopped in after a business meeting for lunch. Had the Duck Banh Mi and it was fabulous. Great flavors. She had the Fried Green Tomato BLT.  Great portions for lunch and tasty sides. Nice trendy lunch spot if you are in the area.
Favorite restaurant in town. Great food, drinks, and atmosphere. Even the French fries are amazing, and I'm not a big French fry eater! I usually get the beet salad with whatever fish special is being offered. Oh, and great cocktails! Amazing!
Roof. Top. Bar. Very cool, very swanky, and very spacious. Try the dusty boot. It's like a manhattan and a whiskey sour had a baby. I haven't tried the food yet, but I'm excited to get in there and do so!
Overall we really enjoyed our time at Black Sheep. I asked to be reseated because our original seat was in an awkward position and I was constantly being bumped into. The hostess moved us without a problem. The BBQ pork belly starter was amazing. My wife had the flat iron steak and I had the braised short ribs. Both were excellent. If there was a low point it was that the sides were disappointing in comparison to the proteins on the plate. We finished up with the caramel crème brûlée. Very tasty. We'll be back again.
The roof top bar was a great location.  I had dinner up there.  Highlights were the pork belly appetizer and the short rib entre.  Both very nice.  Low point was the poutine.   I also stopped in for lunch, good concept of counter ordering and then fast delivery.  The potato salad was meh, and I've had much better bahn mi, but I appreciate the effort and the diversity in their menu. Finally a good restaurant in Jax that is between the $10 and $20 range (at least for lunch).
Black Sheep for brunch is a nice diversion to a busy day.  The restaurant was about a third full, while most were outside the inside was quiet. Even if it was full I would think it would not be too loud.  The great use of space gives you great opportunity for people watching while you wait for your meals.  To me this is one of the high points of this place. The service was prompt and attentive which after reading some reviews it looks like that was an issue in the past.  The day started off with mimosas and bloody mary's. The bloody mary's where the hit of the table and I would recommend them if you like that sort of thing. The table had the shrimp and grits, pastrami hash, eggs benedict and the hamburger.  All were very tasty; however I must say the eggs benedict were spicy. Those who do not strong spices may not like this dish. We did try the fried olives.  I would say this is something you can skip. We tried it out of curiosity. It was really not a big hit. The only thing that sort of fell short to us.  Overall will we be back? Yes, we enjoyed the brunch and it made a pleasant day for us. As always your dining experience may vary.
I am a self-proclaimed non-foodie married to a chef. We chose Black Sheep for our anniversary dinner and were extremely impressed. The menu was difficult to choose from as everything sounded phenomenal.  We tried the olives, squash soup, chicken liver mouse, short ribs and stripped bass. ALL were out of this world. Atmosphere is wonderful... a very welcomed addition to Historic 5 points! A must to check out.
Um...I'm no JAX local, but is the city big enough for a flashier Orsay?  If you vote yes, this restaurant is going to be perfect for you.  I literally bit into meal thinking wow, this reminds me of something Orsay would do, and I say reminds me because it was missing a little something?  While my food was A-ok ,  there was nothing that elevated this the food as expertly executed or showcased utilizing really fresh, local ingredients.  My baked bread and egg dish featured a egg that was severely overcooked.  If you are going to describe a dish as having a runny egg on top of it as my server did, put a runny egg on top!  My crab cake, again, was ok, but more filler than crab.  It tasted strangely similar to the crab cakes I would make while a starving college student, and that is not a good comparison for a $14 crab cake.  My cocktail, again; ok and tasted more like orange juice and less like any bourbon was in my glass. However, all is not blah blah here; where Black Sheep shines are with its vegetables and service(well except the hostess who ignores everyone who walks in the restaurant).  The corn/lima bean succotash that accompanied my crab cake was delicious.  Not sure if the vegetables were local or not, but when covered in shrimp butter does it matter?  Also, the salad that came with my bread/ egg dish was crisp and the leaves were covered in a tasty vinaigrette.  My server was attentive and checked up on me repeatedly.  I'll be back, just without the '5' yelp star expectations.
sexy and very trendy in a non rude way. dont understand why riverside does not have more places like this. instead they have subway and starbucks and publix.
Probably has potential as it was packed when we arrived.  With reservations we were seated next to a huge pole that was way to close for comfort.  Our table actually touched the pole as did our arms.  Felt rather claustrophobic which definitely impacted the experience.  Lots of waitstaff scurrying around.  Food was ok but not memorable.  Drinks were fine.  Noise level high but due to all the hard surfaces in the decorating scheme.  A do over--probably not.
Great food and our waiter, Mathew was very knowledgeable. The braised short ribs is very good and served with a blue cheese bread pudding. The catch of the day was grey tile fish which was very fresh and quite tasty. We were heading for a show so we were in and out quickly but got a great impression from our quick dinner.
Good food but pricey
I went here four times in December to do my research before I was sure I would give Black Sheep five stars; and I assure you it was very pleasant research!  I went there twice for lunch and I really enjoyed both the food and the casual counter service.  I loved the Roast Ratatouille sandwich so much I had to have it both times.  The ratatouille filling is so good that I think even non-vegetarians will crave it if they try it.  The bread they use is excellent, I asked a staff member and they said it was from the Village Bakery so I think I will have to check that out too!  I even loved their potato salad that came with the sandwich, it was light and seasoned superbly.  I nibbled on some poutine my dining companion ordered and I enjoyed that too.  I was told the roof top bar was up and running the second time I had lunch there and so I went back at sunset  with some more friends and we all ordered cocktails.  Every one was kind enough to let me try their cocktail and I thought all of them were excellent.  I also like their craft beer selections, which I am sure rotate due to availability.  I was so impressed by everything I tried that when we had our holiday season riverside crawl party I made sure we were here for the sunset again.  Everyone loved their cocktails and by this time we needed a snack so the gang got two orders of poutine to share.  Poutine is a Canadian dish that consists of french fries, cheese curds, and gravy.  I decided that I needed to have a mac and cheese side all to myself, it is very rich and delicious.  Three members of our Christmas party had never been here before and they loved the food, drinks, and the really good view of a winter sunset in Jacksonville.  When the weather warms up I can see where this is going to be a very popular bar.  There is a nice fireplace area but it would be a good idea to make reservations if you want to sit there.  We were by portable heaters and enjoyed it but at a certain point we had to move our holiday party back inside.  The food here is freshly prepared and is part of the farm to table movement.  I think Jacksonville is fortunate to have this addition to our city.  Black Sheep has good visual ambiance with attractive modern architecture, great food made from good quality ingredients and a great bar with a view.
I love Orsay, but the roof here is nice, and the Ceviche is best in town.  Nice people watching for happy hour, and good simple food.
A Great view and decor. Plating is fantastic. Great ideas and amazing bartenders. That's the only good things about it. It's cold, and when none of the heaters are working it's unbearable. It takes 45 minutes to get appetizers.(Pork belly) We ordered bread multiple times but didn't recieve it until the checks came 2 hours after our first request. We ordered drinks and about 25-30 minutes later they might arrive. My Medium-Rare was a hockey puck and my fries were cold. Beat salad great but took 30 minutes.  It is the first time I thought about not tipping for the really crappy service by the unhappy server who we saw a total of 4 times during a 2 hour meal.
Outstanding service. Try the Poutaine, best you'll find in the south
very good. we enjoyed our lunch here while driving to Orlando.  also, the waitress is beautiful.
Amazing. Raising the bar in Jax.
I've turned to Yelp for several years to get restaurant reviews, but have never written a review of my own. However, I feel compelled to tell you all about what I believe is one of the absolute best restaurants in Jacksonville. Honestly it is probably one of the top 10 restaurants that I've dined at in my life, and I've traveled to 10 different countries. My wife and I went there on a Friday night for our anniversary and were both blown away by the food and the service. We ordered an app of Intuition Jon Boat Mussels (which I'm guessing is steamed in local brew Intuition Jon boat Ale, hence the name). The flavors were over the top! The garlic aioli just sent an already extraordinary dish into another stratosphere. I probably would have been satisfied with just the baguette and a bowl of the broth from the mussels. Seriously, it's that good. We both thought that it could not get any better, but then we received our entrees (Korean Beef Shortribs for me and the Catch of the Day for my wife). I know the term "foodgasm" is overused and seems like hyperbole, but there is no other way to describe what happened when I took the first bite of those shortribs. They were so tender that they literally melted in my mouth. The sauce was ridiculous, and the creamy cheese grits and collard green kimchi (genius) were the perfect compliments to the star of the dish. I can't recall what the catch of the day actually was, but my wife said it was light and fresh. However, it was the house-made chorizo, clams, and delicious broth (once again) that made her entrée so delectable. I haven't even begun to discuss the service, which was top-notch. We arrived to a packed restaurant at around 8pm. I tried to make reservations for the rooftop seating, but was told it was first come, first served. When we got there, there was a 45 min - 1 hour wait for the rooftop (probably the only letdown of the night). We were offered patio seating, which was still great because it was a beautiful night. Our server was super attentive without being bothersome; prompt and polite. My wife dropped her fork, and another server appeared out of nowhere within seconds to offer her clean silverware. She reached down to hand him the fork from the floor and he quickly replied "No, please leave it. We'll get it once you leave." As if he didn't want her to trouble herself with picking up something that was literally within arm's reach. I'm not even a stickler when it comes to table service, especially on a busy Friday night. However, you can tell this place prides themselves on excellent customer service and not letting the volume of customers detract from their standards. Overall, this was simply an amazing experience. App, 2 entrees, 1 cocktail (my wife was being the responsible one) for around $80. Not exactly budget friendly, but not outrageous. For the quality of the food and service it was well worth it. At prices like that, it doesn't have to be a "special occasion" to take a trip there. We will definitely be back, hopefully to try their lunch or brunch. The only bad thing about Black Sheep for us is that it's not on our side of town, but it's a place worth driving a bit out of the way for. Kudos to the chef and the staff! You guys have a great thing going.
Went for Sunday brunch. Nice set up both downstairs and on the roof. I chose to eat on the roof. I ordered a Heaven's Gate to drink. A mixture of iSt Germaine, infused with Blueberry and cucumber, and Prosecco.  It was very good. Wanted a sweet breakfast, there was only one choice on the menu, the pancakes with seasonal fresh fruit and apple butter. I also got the deviled eggs. The overall menu is uninspired. The pancakes were ordinary, nothing special. The apple butter was tasty, again nothing special. The deviled eggs were great. The seasonal fruit was strawberries. There must have been 1 strawberry chopped up next to my pancakes. Beyond disappointing. The best part about Black Sheep was my server. She was excellent in every way. I will probably give this place another shot, simply for the drinks and service. The food was ordinary and disappointing. Hopefully it will be better next time...
I will give this place a ONE star.. UNTIL I give it a second chance. We arrived there just a little after 9.. the atmosphere was nice and cozy and it was beautiful sitting on the roof.. (the view was great). The server came to give us water and abruptly left and didn't even ask us what we would like to drink or start with any apps. 15 minutes went by and no signs of our server.. WHATTHEHECK.. we were getting anxious.. 5 mins. later we left. WHAT CRAP. it was around 9:20 when we left.. they close at 10.. that is not late at all. MAYBE.. just MAYBE i'll come here for a drink to enjoy the view.. but other than that.. NOPE.. BTW.. we decided to go to Cheesecake Factory instead.. which was waaaay better.
The Fried Green Tomato BLT was amazing!  It's a pretty big sandwich so if you want to have a "light" lunch, you can split it with someone.  If you are super hungry, go for it yourself.  I came here to try their poutine and we actually ordered it for an appetizer.  Unfortunately, it was very much on the salty side for us & we ended up sending it back.  If you order it and are not a salt fan, make sure to ask your server to have the chef go easy on the salt.  The cheese curds are already quite salty, so if this dish had less salt---it would have been perfect. Overall, the service was impeccable!  Our server was quite attentive and super friendly.  We sat in the dining room that was nicely lit with natural sunlight and the whole establishment makes you feel like you're at a high-end restaurant without the outrageous prices.  I look forward to trying other items on the menu and with a great location in the heart of 5 POINTS, I know I will be back soon.
I love the food at Blacksheep, plenty of choices for gluten free cuisine!  The rooftop bar is a favorite, summer or winter...they even have fireplace on the roof to keep warm.  The scenic view is amazing.
Happy hour on a Sunday? What a nice surprise! The cocktails were pretty good, and the bloody mary is a must if you're a fan of bloody marys. The poutine was good (however, it was the first one I had ever tried), endive salad was decent, and the burger good and the fries were well seasoned. The kale and smoked trout salad, as well as the shrimp & grits were delicious. The grouper was okay, but was the least favorite dish. We ordered the chocolate cream cake for dessert, and it was a perfect way to end the meal. The service was great - attentive, always filling our water, never over-bearing.
The atmosphere is classy and relaxing. The menu is a bit expensive but absolutely inventive. I had a shaved fennel salad and some selections if cheese. The Mac n cheese the my husband had with his meal was to die for. We would go back just for that.
Awesome experience had Kaitlyn is an amazing server. Please asks for her because she will ensure your drinks come right away!  Good food and great drinks, get the dusty boot best drink, but if s salt and peppered rim drink isn't your thing they have plenty more to choose from. Bbq duck sandwich is my fav, but they tons more to choose from. Go here because the atmosphere is to die for.
I really wanted to like this place and hate to give them a lower rating than others. Pros- View is absolutely amazing!!! Cons- service was OK. Drink was Ok and Food was OK - I've had much better. Being a Canadian native, the poutine had an interesting twist to it. Fish special with pecan purée was not as good as I had hope. Fish was overcooked, mushrooms were a bit rubbery and greasy. It's too bad... I may give them another shot in the future.
By far the worst service of my life, rude hostesses and were inappropriate.  Embarrassed our group in front of colleagues over a table and server confliction. If you have to many servers then send them home. I did not order food due to the fear of reprisal and concern that they would defile my food. Basically ruined my experience and will never return to this terrible establishment.   Sincerely, Guy in the Hawaiian shirt
I love love love black sheep. Whether I'm just going to the roof for drinks or stopping by for happy hour, I have yet to have a bad experience dining here. I'm going to share a few of my favorite things to get, but I don't think you would be disappointed with anything. The things I almost always get are the fried green olives, savory mushroom bread pudding, egg toast, mussels, and their milkshakes. I could write a whole separate review on their milkshakes alone. All together I love this place and give it 5 stars everyday.
I really enjoyed the classy feel of this restaurant.  In town for business, this looks like a hip and lively part of town with lots of restaurants.  The interior is lovely.  Beautiful people (dress somewhat nice) and a small menu. We started off with poutine (hand cut fries, cheese curds, smoked short rib gravy).  The fries are delicious!  I was starving so this could have swayed my food thoughts, but the poutine was very good. I had the Crispy Red Snapper (sapelo island clams, crispy andouille sausage, roasted red bliss potatoes, tomato confit, sherry shellfish broth) for my entree. It took me a long time to decide and I was more than happy with this dish! The snapper was delicious and had a nice crust to it. The broth and the spiciness of the sausage really added to the dish!
Amazing.. American food with a twist! Best Bloody Mary! Fresh farm to table food! Best burger, pastrami and eggs...YUM
Black Sheep deserves 5 stars for atmosphere and service.  Most of what we ordered was very good:  Poutine, mussels, Fried Green Tomatoes, Warm Sea Salt and Vinegar Potato Chips, Mayport Shrimp & Grits.  But the fried chicken, which is supposed to be a Sunday specialty, was terrible.   The breading fell off the chicken, leaving the chicken skin soggy and slimy.   Although the atmosphere on the rooftop is wonderful,  by the time we got our food it was so dark we couldn't see what were eating.  The addition of soft lighting would help tremendously. We were part of a large party and our server was excellent. The manager and other wait staff also pitched in.  We never wanted for anything. We will go back, but we will go early.
My wife decided to throw me a birthday party/dinner at Black Sheep and I must say she made a good pick. I had roughly 20 guests and the servers and manager were very helpful (bringing out the cake and gifts etc) and engaged in conversation from recommending menu items based on personal preference to just asking simple questions. The Food: Let me get this out the way--the shrimp and grits is very good. Spicy and flavorful, shrimp cooked to perfection and the grits just compliment everything. I had the pork chop and it was cooked perfectly but was just a tad too salty that's the biggest negative of the night. The Mac and cheese was pretty good, they didn't skimp on the cheese so it is gooey and rich. The Ambience: The atmosphere in the restaurant is upscale without being snobby. It I relaxed and the decor is loaded with contemporary elements that set the backdrop for a romantic evening or a casual rendezvous. The rooftop was pretty packed so I didn't spend much time up there. The Value: This place is not really cheap but you kinda don't feel robbed because the overall experience pleasurable. To me the menu seemed a bit small but that's ok. Now I won't say Black sheep is the best thing ever but I'd go back.
The food wasn't a big deal, service was good, drinks were great, but overall not a big deal. Way too expensive for what it is. I'll never come back and waste my money on this food. DO NOT ORDER THE CEVICHE! Gordon Ramsey would puke if he tasted it
Black Sheep is one of those places where you definitely pay for the ambiance. I met a friend here for drinks and appetizers. We both started with a glass of red wine. We both ordered an appetizer. I had the ceviche, and my friend had the fried green tomatoes.  Both were fine, although, the ceviche portion was tiny for $14. To me, fried green tomatoes, are what they are, nothing special, regardless of where you eat. We decided it was time for a cocktail, and I mentioned to the waitress I wanted something gin based. She suggested some special, and said it was great. We trusted her and each got one. It was awful. It tasted like bubblegum, which is not a flavor any gin drinker strives for (at least the ones I know). But, it was a special, and I'm sure she was told to push it. We were not able to go outside on the roof (weather), but I am told it is very nice. Black Sheep is a fine place, but be aware, it is a bit expensive. I will try again, and this time eat a full meal, and order a different beverage.
We went for a crafted cocktail. Very disappointed. Drinks are extremely strong so much so that you can't enjoy them. Would like to return for dinner and skip the crafted cocktails. Everything looked delicious!
I had a great dinner with my husband here today after rave reviews from friends. I enjoyed the trout rivets very much and the fried green olives were unique a different I found I couldn't eat more than one due to a high salt content. But I am not complaining at all. I had the short rib plate and it was really good but the show plate tonight was the trigger fish special! It was a nice and light fish spiced nicely with black garlic spread that took it to a whole new level. The sale that surrounded it was a work of art and just as tasty! It had nice field like peas with beautiful watermelon beets, yellow beets, colorful flowers and a really nice squash flower. Very tasty! Everything is farm fresh and I can't wait to go back and try something new. We also had the "dirty boot" cocktail that was a popular drink on the menu and it was very,very good!
I've seen Black Sheep's menu in the past and decided that this restaurant wasn't for me.  This past weekend a friend of mine had his birthday there so I was finally able to bring myself to try it and I'm glad that I did.  I played it safe by ordering a caesar salad, which was as good as a caesar salad can be and the Mushroom and Point Reyes Bread pudding which was fantastic as a side but very filling in itself.  In addition I was able to sample some of the other food around the table such as: -Chicken Fried Sweetbread Nuggets which are fried thymus nuggets.  They were delicious.  Not something I'd usually order but glad I was able to try! -Wainwright Cheddar Grits were creamy and flavorful.  I'm not a fan of grits but I did enjoy these. -Intuition Jon Boat Mussels were decent.  Nothing special.  If you like Mussels you won't be disappointed, but you won't be blown away either. -Lavender Creme Brulee, to be honest I love creme brulee but I did not love this.  The lavender gave the dessert a unique taste, one that I was not a huge fan of but if you like lavender than it probably would not bother you as much.  To me it tasted like I was drinking a bottle of lavender massage oil from a spa. That aside, the texture was great and the dessert was well prepared, it just wasn't my cup of tea. I'll certainly visit Black Sheep again in the future.  I'm interested to try their brunch.
The rooftop at Black Sheep is hands-down the best place in town to have a cocktail or a glass of wine on a nice spring or fall day. The scenery is great and it's nice and comfortable to just lounge around up there, as long as it's not super crowded. Unfortunately, it usually is super crowded, so there's that. Their cocktail menu is inventive and the drinks actually taste good. They're a little pricey, but the ingredients are high end, so that's why. I have no problem with this. The beer list is usually pretty good and the wine list is reasonably nice as well. The service is usually good, if not a little harried due to the size of the crowds. I have not eaten there a lot, but the bar snacks that I've had have been hot and tasty. I would be willing to eat there, but they don't have a ton of vegetarian options, so that's why I haven't yet.
This place is lovely. It does however come to be a little pricey. So if you're the average joe like me this is a special treat. We've been to dinner, brunch, and always stop by for those dang milkshakes. Those milkshakes they have a following. Good Lawrd. They always have vanilla and chocolate but the beauty is the shake of the week. Past ones have been- Almond Joy, Blueberry and sweet corn, Hazelnut, Strawberry, and I'll just keep going back every week. The interior of this place is gorgeous, so well thought out. Oh and if you don't know already by the other reviews, the roof top bar has a fantastic view and is a good hang out spot. This place is local using local ingredients and they're using slow food so be patient. It's farm to table at this place so you can feel good about what you're eating. Aside from the milk shakes I've been addicted to their beet salad. So delicious!
Yesterday was my first time being at Black Sheep. Been waiting a long to go and thought  a nice Mother's Day Brunch would be a great time. Usually restaurants like Black Sheep I save for a date night or dinner with friends. I rarely take kids, but it being Mother's Day I took on the challenge and it wasn't bad. They had a kids menu which was on paper for kids to color with. We got the chicken tenders which come with three pretty large tenders and their shoestring fries & got the kids mac and cheese. I have two boys so I they split both the dishes and they were very happy with the food. Me being a mac and cheese lover, I had to taste it. Really really good, kids got it good these days. We ordered the kids food early and the food came out in a timely manner. The adults ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes as a starter & then went on to have the Mayport Shrimp & Grits & The Roasted Mushroom & Fontina Cheese Omelette with Fingerling Home Fries. A lot of restaurants in Jacksonville have their version of Mayport Shrimp and Grits. Black Sheep does theirs pretty nicely. What I like about it is that they keep the grits simple by using just cheddar and pickling the trinity. Trinity being onions, bell peppers, and celery. The omelette was buttery and fluffy. Mushroom were roasted perfectly. Home fries were seasoned well and were cooked perfectly. The fried green tomatoes were plentiful and the outer layer was nice and crispy. I wish they could have had more of the Buttermilk Ranch sauce. All in all it was a great experience. We all had a great time. We set a reservation for 1:30 and they honored that. Our waitress/server Nikki did a great job. She was very knowledgeable. I definitely will be back to try more of the brunch menu & I want to come in for Sunday Dinners and try their Fried Chicken Dinners.
Great restaurant! I took my honey here for his birthday. We tried the sweet bread, fish and grits, and a hamburger donned with a fried egg and bacon. In short, everything was great. I'm excited to go back and try their brunch menu! We went on a monday evening and there was no delay; perfect time to beat the crowd. Nice restaurant; nice decor; great food; great staff. It's as good as it gets!
So so good.  Their interest in food makes all the difference.  Our waiter was really knowledgeable of the menu and made great suggestions.  That said, they are pricey and we can only afford to go for special occassions.
Five stars on architecture, atmosphere and of course the rooftop deal. Have missing star because it was by far the saltiest food I've ever had. Even the beat salad was salty. The 30.00 steak was great but SALTY like the ocean. Bar tender said he's heard that comment several times so not sure why they don't correct it. I recommend ordering everything with no salt and then add it in yourself...
My husband and I are new to Jacksonville, and were wanting to check out local cuisine. We saw the beautiful building Black Sheep was located in when picking up Al's Pizza. The sun was setting and it was gorgeous outside, so we went straight to the rooftop bar. To my surprise, it was not just a bar, you can eat dinner up on the rooftop as well. We were sat immediately, and our server came by quickly to greet us. She was nice and straight to the point. The ambiance was right up our alley. Low key, moderate up-scale, intimate, and relaxing indie music. We ordered french onion soup, Cesar salad, and syrah to start with. The french onion soup was pretty good. The cesar salad was excellent, the dressing had a unique taste and was definitely not a stock salad. For entrees, we both ordered the Cowboy hamburger. BEST hamburger I have eaten in a very long time. If I'm going to spend the money, and calories, this burger was worth it. It came with an aglio sauce on the side, which was delicious. We had the vanilla malte milkshake which was pretty good, and came with original baked oreos on the side. All in all, fantastic restaurant on the first try. We will be back again!
This place isn't for me, but after a quick bite here it's obvious that those who like slightly upscale experiences would enjoy this place. For me, the menu was extremely small and the value was poor. The portions are tiny, but for those who like to drink wine, eat great food and pay more for it, this is your spot. It's more the kind of a place for a special event or a date. The salad I order could be eaten in four bites and our main dishes were worth much less than we paid. However, I do admit the food here is very good, just not the value. And, do expect wonderful service and a nice, uppidy crowd.
Sunday night chicken dinner is an unbeatable deal and always delicious. The chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy with melt in your mouth biscuits and delicious fresh veges are all amazing. The regular menu items are always dependable and delicious as well, but expect prices that are a bit steep. The rooftop bar is a perfect place to watch a sunset and enjoy a happy hour.
Dig it. I mean you really can't go wrong with a very posh, farm-to-table restaurant, am I right? Everyone working here seemed really laid back so I appreciated that it wasn't a stuck up feel. Stopped in for lunch and the bummer was, the rooftop is not open during lunch. I get it, since it's a walk up to order and then they deliver, it would create more work since the entire place isn't packed but I was bummed I couldn't enjoy my lunch up there. I will have to go back to experience the roof at another time. So we ordered and took to the porch. Great people watching for the afternoon. I went with the short rib pot roast which basically just melted in my mouth. It had potatoes, pearl onions, carrots, cremini mushrooms, braising jus. Also had a side of the cheese grits... OMGAH. Seriously, look at my picture. They were velvety, cheesy, bacony heaven. They were the perfect pairing with the short rib. I also tried Allie A.'s poutine! It was delicious. The short rib and gravy were just screaming flavor and the cheese curds were plentiful. Dug that dish! Overall, I bookmarked this spot again for when I am in town and want to check it out for dinner or brunch as well as their cocktails!
This place is great. Here on business this classy/simple restaurant was superb. Small menu, hip interior, great staff and delicious food. Would highly recommend if you're in the area.
Great food, service and atmosphere. Rooftop bar is very cool with a unique list of signature drinks! Try the deep fried olives and Poutine!!!
Unquestionably this is one of the most attractive, upscale places in Jacksonville.  I visited for the first time for a brief lunch wanting only a burger, since a magazine rated their burger one of the best in town.   The craft beers on tap included a good local IPA from Green Room, which was a nice start.  The french fries came out next, and may be the best fries in town:  light, crisp shoestring fries that tasted good even as they cooled to room temperature over the next twenty minutes.   Unfortunately, the burger was disappointing.  However high-quality the meat may be, the interior was soggy and flavorless.  Oddly, the blandness of the meat was in sharp relief to the bun, which was so salty it would have overpowered even the tastiest burger.   Frankly, this was one of the poorest burgers I've had.  It was so disappointing that I will wait a long time to return to this place, no matter how wonderful the atmosphere may be.  After all, if a simple $13 burger is this lousy, how can they do better with more demanding fare?   Perhaps the high ratings are given more for the fantastic atmosphere than for the actual quality of the food.  I admit the fries are superb.  But the burger was one of the worst I've tasted in a long, long time.  M-Shack's burger is half the price and three times tastier (and M-Shack's burger is merely good, not great)...   Other plates of food looked tempting, so I'll give this highly regarded place three stars rather than even fewer(!)  I'm sure my next visit will be less disappointing (but it will be a while before I give it another try)
Back on the grind, back on the grind! It's been a minute...or thousands, I should say, since my last review, I know, I knowwww. However...I'm excited to be back and in all of my Yelptastic form (to all of you newbies..."Yelptastic form" = the frequent combined use of both pertinent information and witty sarcasm in ones reviews). That being said...lets do this, shall we? So not too long ago my sister came over from Hawaii to visit, and one of the places I really wanted to her to try was Black Sheep, since she's into the whole farm to table scene. I couldn't show her the awesome rooftop area, since the temperature that evening was between sub-arctic and blizzard, but the chic ultra-modern dining room was quite warm and welcoming and suited us just fine. Starters: Bar-B-Que Pork Rinds. Homemade Bar-B-Que freakin' pork rinds. GET THESE. They are warm, they are crispy, and they will make any and all conversation come to a complete halt, simpy because you can't stop stuffing your face. Yes...they are that good. Lil Moo Ravioli, with browned butter, roasted butternut squash, sage, andddd I highly suggest you live a little and add the duck confit. The crispy texture of the duck skin with each bite of the smooth, velvety ravioli really takes this already scrumptious dish to another level. Main Course: Cowboy Meats Grass Fed Hamburger, add bacon (of course), and a fried egg (why not?). Simple, uncomplicated, yet so, so good. With some fresh hand-cut fries? Yes sir, yes sir. Soft runny egg, thick crispy bacon, atop a juicy, mouth-watering burger. The layers of components meld so perfectly that I could easily make this my go-to dish at Black Sheep. Dessert: Chocolate Milkshake with Homemade Oreos. As stuffed as we were at this point...we still managed to tackle this in about 0.3 seconds flat. This was the best tasting milkshake that I've had in ages, and dunking those oreos really had me feeling warm and nostalgic. Awesome dessert. The service was first-rate from start to finish, and I'd personally like to thank the staff at Black Sheep for showing my sister such a wonderful time during our meal. She was amazed and will definitely be back on her next trip! As a whole, I believe that this is one of the best restaurants in Jacksonville, hands down. Keep up the great work, Black Sheep and as always, lets support our local eats!
Visiting from out of town and Black Sheep came highly recommended. We stopped in yesterday for lunch and everything was delicious. The poutine was life-changing with chunks of smoked short rib, a sumptuous gravy, and big hunks of cheese curb melted over super thick fries. The duck bahn mi was tangy and fresh. Everything was just so good. The atmosphere is clean and chic, staff attentive and friendly, and food beyond yummy. If we lived in Jax we'd eat here all the time.
Loveeeee the atmosphere here!!! You get to pick if you want to dine inside which is downstairs or you can take the elevator go to the rooftop. This place is great for both friends get together or a romantic dinner with your date. The cocktails are on point and the foods are delicious. Indeed the shrimp and grits is the BOMB, as well as the french onion soup. *drools* I'm definitely comin back and taking my friends here :)
My birthday was last week and I chose Blacksheep for dinner. We started with some complimentary champagne (the hostess asked if we were celebrating when making reservations) and selected fried olives as an appetizer. Large green olives were breaded and fried and served next to house made pimento cheese. It was seriously delish. I don't know who has the idea to deep fry an olive, but they deserve a hero cookie. For dinner, I had the steak au poivre with fries.  I was expecting the shoestring fries they normally serve but these were thick, hand cut fries that were very tasty and a nice compliment to the steak. My steak was ridiculously tender and very well seasoned. The pepper sauce has a nice spice without kicking your butt unless you ate a whole peppercorn. I didn't finish my steak and even the leftovers were still tender when reheated. My mother had the chicken with brussel sprouts, pearl onions and cauliflower purée.  She enjoyed every bite and was amazed at how smooth the cauliflower was. It was a wonderful dinner and we left so stuffed we had to digest before cutting into my birthday cake.
Farm-to-table is always a winner in my eyes, the food and atmosphere are amazing. I've hosted a birthday at Black Sheep and their reservation process is very easy and they can accommodate fairly large groups.   I love everything about their water from how they serve it to the sweet taste it has. The staff are always friendly and very attentive which is a lovely. Also, I probably have an unhealthy addiction to their Crème brûlée. Give it a try, it is a great light dessert to finish of your wonderful meal at Black Sheep.
Did not eat as I was not peckish but I'm a lush and needed a belt and the cocktails here are 2nd to none and Ms Beth knows here craft well. If you do come here for a night cap or to simply to wet your whistle hopefully Beth will show you the ways to make a proper cocktail that will warm your heart.
Another great meal at Black Sheep. I had beef short ribs, my partner had salmon It was great as usual.  We also love their crispy chicken. We got the mac and cheese. It had a taste we could not tell what it was but it was not our favorite..  service is always excellent...
