I'm sorry but I was not impressed with this place. I really wanted to like it, but the food was not at all edible .... Edamame, wings, pork (all fat), lettuce wraps, duck, and basil fried rice were all lacking taste. The location and interior were nice but the kitchen needs much help!  I will only return for drinks.
This is the 3rd time we have visited Hawkers and needless to say we are raving fans! This is just what Jacksonville needed and it is nestled in just the right spot in the city. Riverside 5 points has an urban artsy flare like none other to be found in the city limits. Today we grubbed on some tried and true faves and attempted a few new items. The small plates are the way to go at this restaurant known for Pan Asian street fare. We ordered the Roti Indian bread with curry sauce (if you are not a fan of spice ask for it without the oil), pan fried pot stickers and  Korean bulgogi lettuce wraps. For entrees we split the Chow Fan fried rice and Curry Duck Noodles. Ok, let me break this down for you in taste bites you can absorb- the pan fried pot stickers are a must and ask for them a little crispy! Every time we order them we have to place another order...yes they are that good. The Roti Bread is Fab-u-Los!!!!!! So light and airy and the curry sauce.mmmmmm! The lettuce wraps were our first try and they will be a repeat for sure. The steak was moist and juicy and paired perfectly with mushrooms and carrots. The ingredients were diced perfectly to be a cozy companion to the lettuce. Now, on to the main show stoppers. Those duck noodles well let's just say I may dream of those later...good thing I have a little extra for a midnight snack attack. The fried rice was fantastic but lacked enough shrimp. It's hard to get good shrimp that is cooked adequately so when you get it you want more! All in all it was another great meal Pan Asian Style. Oh and our waiter Mark was a dream boat...adorable with a splash of humor!
I have been eagerly awaiting the opening of Hawkers Asian Street Fare for a few months now. My first encounter with them was at Intuition Ale Works' anniversary celebration. Hawkers had a table and a grill set up, so I tried some kabobs. They were delicious so I couldn't wait for the restaurant to open. They officially opened this week, so I grabbed the hubby and my friend Andrew and we went after work. When we sat down, our waitress (she was wonderful by the way!) told us a little bit about Hawkers. They have a large, diverse menu and all of the items are meant to be shared tapas style. They do not use heat lamps on their food, so all of the food comes out as it's ready. I like that because you have time to really enjoy each dish one at a time without being overwhelmed. When we first walked in, I was really impressed with the decor. Nearly everything is repurposed, which is very refreshing to see! Everything was priced great, so we ended up ordering a few different things. The first thing we ordered were the Grilled Hawker Skewers (chicken with Malaysian satay). These are the same ones I had at Intuition, so I knew they were going to be great. The chicken was very flavorful and I liked that there weren't any fatty pieces. Our next item was a dish recommended by our waitress, and it turned out to be a favorite for everyone at the table!! Roti Canai is a Malasian flat bread served with spicy curry dipping sauce. I cannot even begin to describe how delightful this dish was. The bread was very light and airy. It reminded Andrew of "biscuits that come in a can", which made me laugh but is actually pretty true. The dipping sauce was also very good. I'm typically not a huge fan of curry, but I loved this stuff! Our next dish was Basil Fried Rice. We knew we wanted a rice dish, and this one looked very interesting. Well we made the right choice because we all loved this dish! The basil gave it a very unique flavor and the rice was cooked perfectly. We had a hard time deciding on a noodle dish because everything looked yummy, but we ended up deciding on the Char Kway Teo, which is wide rice noodles stir-fried with shrimp, chicken breast, scallions, and bean sprouts. This dish also turned out to be a favorite of the table. I don't usually like bean sprouts, but they didn't bother me in this dish. Everything blended nicely and the flavor was outstanding! Our last dish was the Pot Stickers. I hate to say it, but after all of the other dishes, these just seemed average. They weren't bad, but they didn't really stand out to us. Verdict: Loved it! Hawkers is located right down the street from work, so I can easily see this becoming a new lunch spot for us. The food comes out pretty quick and the prices are right!
Hawkers is the Asian equivalent of a tapas place. The food is stellar. I particularly love the roti canai(like an asian version of fry bread), the curry hawker meatballs, and the roast duck. All of the skewered meat options they have are good as well. This is one of the rare restaurants where I can't find a menu item I dont like. I'm picky so that's hard to do. Hawkers is always really busy so if you're going there expect a wait. Although in 3 trips I havent ever waited more than 20 minutes or so. The sweet version of roti canai they serve for dessert is worth a try although I'd skip the sticky mango rice. The mango sorbet on top of the rice is "to die for" but the sticky rice is too bland for my taste. Overall Hawkers is amazing. They're the hottest restaurant in Jax for good reason. Definitly check them out.
Everything is good! Very flavorful. Wait staff is very pleasant! Oh!' And very affordable ! STOP READING AND JUST GO THERE!
Ok so once again I find myself back here.  Sunday was my last visit, but I was in the area so what the hell.  You were thinking Wendy's?  Strangely enough I carry my own menu in the car that has notes next to each dish I have tried.  Can we all say OCD!  The constant is Roti every time with extra.  Today; Roast duck, Duck Pad Thai, Salt/Pepper Squid, Edimami and the local King Street dark..We arrived about 3p.  Perfect time. To late for the lunch crowd and about 2 hrs early for the seniors. Hip looking clients that make me homesick for NYC.  This place has a constant  vibe. We lucked out today Tim was there with his usual staff that are numero uno in our book.  It's always good to see them. I am off to "O" town (Orlando) in a few weeks, and for sure will try that property. That giant Lion is already suspect but it's the food and service that matters Thanks to all of you for making every visit an event. .
I'll keep this short and sweet as you can read the numerous other reviews. Absolutely amazing. The whole experience, the decor, and the food is awesome. I can't even remember what we ate because there were about 6 of us and we all ordered 2 dishes. Then we all shared each other's food. Do not pass this place up.
Wonderful visit! We were sat down and ordered within 5 minutes.  We ordered all tapas plates instead of the big bowls. The food started coming out as quick as the beer I ordered! All great, fresh food. Curry mashed potatoes were a surprise hit and the coconut shrimp were sooo tasty. They were quick about cleaning up once we were done and in about half an hour we were ready for the check. The place was packed too.  It's good to finally see a place that can staff it's kitchen and front appropriately for busy times. We will be back, very soon.
With large open windows and industrial warehouse decor it's the type of atmosphere that reminds you you're in a big city. I've eaten at Hawkers a couple times and always challenge myself to try something new - and I promise it's a challenge because everything tastes sooo good. Some of my favorites are the Roti bread, Prawn Mee soup, Five Spice Tofu... You can't really go wrong.
Stopped in for lunch and was quite impressed. Love the large open windows and the cool lighting choices used here. Our server Danny always made sure we had everything that we needed. Everything we sampled was very delicious. The Chicken satay was a stand out for me though. I was kinda bummed out when I was told that they were out of the spring rolls I wanted but the chicken egg rolls I ordered in place of the spring rolls were very good as well. There was so much to choose from and I cant wait to return here to try the rest of the menu! Cool place.
Awesome, simply an experience that I can't wait to enjoy again. Awesome food, service, and atmosphere.  I can't being to divulge the good vibes this place installed in me. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!
This was very good I was there with my dad and I think the nan and pad thai (it was a pinch to spicy for other kids)was awesome!!! I say "wow" , and that's from a 10year old
The food is AMAZING! I haven't gotten anything I haven't loved and I've been there a handful of times. However, the last two times there the service was pretty bad (although the last time they didn't charge us for the items that took a long time to come out). Usually, the food comes out almost immediately so that if you're still hungry you can order another plate. The servings are reasonably sized and prized.
First of all, Great Location! 5 points is awesome. Second, tons of vegetarian options. I left full, with to-go cartons. The staff was friendly, and the service fast. One caution though (and our server warned us of this): food is brought to the table as soon as it is ready. This means you could have food while your mates are waiting (watching you eat).
Great addition to our neighborhood. Wonderful Asian street cart food done with a twist. Small plates reminds me of tapas. Best to share with your dinner companions.  The only downside is the noise level can be a bit much and since it's still relatively new, the waits for a table can be long. Great food at good prices. I hope this place does well. They are certainly off to a good start. Heads up, five points is now so trendy parking can be difficult.
Get here early. Huge lunch crowd. The food is great! Our group was 10 people and we each had something different. Not a bad review from any of us.
Hawkers definitely nailed it with the majority of our dishes. The cook was able to capture the flavor of real asian street food, which is truly is hard to find in Jacksonville. Case in point: Char Gwuy tiao noodles. I'd also recommend the roasted duck, udon noodles, and rotii with curry. You pretty much can't go wrong with anything you pick. The papaya salad dish and mango sweet rice dessert were not very tasty, but considering their success rate with the other dishes, we were extremely satisfied. Great beer selection too.
Great food and great atmosphere, unfortunately like most cool places had a long wait, once we got seated the service was great and loved the craft beer selection! Some of the menu items were a tad small, our waitress recommended 2-3 of each but I would say 2 is definitely enough unless you're mad hungry
Sat at the bar. Had a great IPA from Green Room. Shared edamame, curry mashed potatoes and Roni Cali, not sure of spelling. Shared stir fry udon noodles and another noodle dish. Both were good but a little salty. Staff was really nice. Will definitely go back.
Spectacular.  The wait was well over an hour.  If the wait is that long, there's a reason and I would wait again.  We tried so many things.  Udon, meatballs, pad thai, coconut curry shrimp....all of it was delicious.  The staff was super friendly.  The hostess even called my mobile when seating was available, so we were able to walk down the street and have a drink while we waited.  This is a great place.  I can't wait until the wait improves.
Glad we decided to eat here! 4 of us had 8 small plates between us and that was more than enough for us to eat! I agree with other reviewers that the roti canai was very tasty, my one daughter thought that the fish with black bean sauce was the best and the other daughter voted for the Korean steak lettuce wraps. A mix of very different tastes and textures, all cooked fresh to order. A great experience and will definitely come back and try the other dishes on the menu
UPDATE August 2014:  The manager contacted me about this review and apologized and did concede that they had revisions to the dishes I referenced and would I try out the place again if he offered it on the house.  Well I have to say, the 2nd time around I tried 5 or 6 dishes and everything was just outstanding with excellent service.  My favorite plate might be the steak skewers - so tender and delicious but the crispy roast pork and roasted duck was yummy as well.  The roti was just as good as ever and you just feel decadent when you consume this rich and flavorful dish.  All in all, I'm super happy I gave it a second go and will definitely be going back.  And it's refreshing to see that a restaurant owner and manager care enough about the customer experience to reach out to patrons when there is a mixed review.  Go Hawkers. ORIGINAL REVIEW MAY 2014:  I had high expectations - yes - but I can honestly say it was just "OK".  The chicken lettuce wraps were very bland and mostly TOFU, the green papaya salad was also lackluster: just papaya, carrot and cilantro.   What a disappointment.  The pork belly and roti bread were good though.  Great beer selection.  Small wine pours.  Overall, I don't think we will be going back unless it's to sit at the bar.  Oh yeah, and the A/C was out (and apparently has been for a week 1/2) and it was very warm inside.  They should be offering their customers a discount for the inconvenience.
A private party any day of the week and no work involved. We visited Hawker's for the first time tonight and loved it! We arrived about 5:45 pm and there was no wait. The small plates were really like a private party. We had Crispy Roast Pork Belly "Siu Yoke." Luscious. Love the steamed pot stickers and Roti Canai, kind of a naan they call a flatbread. The Bahn Mi Sliders were more of roast duck on hoagie rolls, but delicious. We had a trio of creme brûlée for desert. We'll be back.
Tired of your typical Chinese or Asian food, well this is your place.  Great food, atmosphere, and design located right in five points.  I would describe as a upscale version of the Hawker markets seen on the travel food shows.  We tried the veggie spring rolls, the edamame, the bánh mì sandwich, The chicken fried rice, and the pad Thai.  All were delicious but the pad Thai was definitely our favorite. Definitely looking forward to my next meal here.
The Pad Thai for $8 was fantastic. The service was also exceptional.  This restaurant is a great addition to Riverside.
Enjoyed the vibe and ambience.  Food was good, especially the roti! Only thing I didn't like was they didn't have the AC on so I was sweating!
Good food, solid service, great location. Also, one of my favorites in Orlando, as well.
Third time here,  fantastic as always.. try this place out... the food is fantastic, the service is amazing, and the managers are genuinely interested in your visit... oh and don't forget fellow yelpers 18-20% tip is always appreciated. ...  another service industry person.....
It is hard to describe how great this place is. The food variety and craft beer selection is just the beginning on the awesome quality of this place. Staff is extremely friendly and owner is just superb. It is a perfect fit to a perfect neighborhood and would without a doubt recommend it to anyone!
I tried Hawkers for the first time last night and was very impressed with the food and service. My friend and I were catching up, so we had a lot of fun ordering smaller plates throughout the night rather than 2 large dinners. The roti canai was DELICIOUS, the pan fried dumplings were tasty, and I really enjoyed the crispy cantonese noodles. Our server was great- he explained a lot of items on the menu to us without making us feel like idiots, and didn't get crabby with us when we took up his table for the better part of the night. I definitely recommend Hawkers, but one word of caution: IT IS SO HOT IN THERE! My friend and I got to Hawkers about 6:00- the sun was beating through its floor to ceiling windows, the place was crowded, and the air condititioning just couldn't keep up. As much as I enjoyed my experience, I left feeling a little sick from the heat. I will definitely have to keep this in mind next time I'm deciding where to spend the evening- doesn't rule Hawkers out, but needs to be considered when deciding what experience you want to have. Also, if management is reading this- please consider kicking the ac down in the afternoons or upgrading the system.
Awesome, awesome food. Such incredible variety and as someone who has traveled all over Malaysia, this food is pretty darn authentic. The Char Kway Teo and Pork Belly especially are just amazing! And thanks Joey for the awesome service!
Amazing food! The Roti Canai is amazing. We had Louis as a waiter and he was great! Quality of food and service are more than enough reasons to come here!
This place is great! Our server Jen was so nice and helpful. I would recommend this restaurant to my friends and family.
Ate here for the first time last week and will definitely be back! The only reason it's not five stars is the noise level, this place is really loud. It was hard to have a conversation with the people at the table. Anyway, that aside, the food is sooooo good! The peanut sauce is probably the best I've ever had and I wasn't the only one in the group that thought so. It was also in our opinion a better companion to the Roti than the curry sauce. We had kimchi fried rice, spring roles, lemongrass steak skewers, roti and, steak bahn mi (had mayo which kind of took away from the other flavors but was still good. Will prob get w/out mayo next time). I also had the Thai tea, really good balance of tea and cream, def the best I've had yet. I can't eat to go back!!
Just...  This food is amazing.  We're not sure that food should be this good.  Eat here.  Come early for lunch on a weekend and drink some beer and eat a bunch of small plates.  You won't regret it. Also.  Mashed potatoes should always have curry gravy.  Always.
Excelente service the waiter Joseph was just awesome ;) Great food  . Jacksonville definitely needs more places like this .
Went there at 4 o'clock because the wait on Sat. night was over two hours at 8:30. Small plates that are served as they are cooked so dishes are  being delivered to the table whenever. Our last dish served was an appetizer. The servers were very nice. I had Tofu curry and the tofu was stir fried so that it had a nice bite but the pieces were so big that they would take two or three bites to eat. Since they only give you chopsticks, I would have preferred smaller pieces like they had with the lettuce wraps. (will stick with PF Changs for this) The curry sauce was thick like a gravy with just the right heat for me. It would have been good on rice. The summer roll mostly shredded lettuce and steamed for some reason which made the wrap tough. I tried the jicama salad which was delicious. Hard to eat with chopsticks but delicious. Our co-workers have raved about this place so we will probably try it again to find something we really like. The food is very reasonably priced. A good selection of beers.
This place is so great for sharing food with friends! Jenn was our server and she was fantastic! She was attentive and gave us some great opinions on the menu. The food was at the table quickly and it was so fun to explore food options. The price is great, I highly recommend the roti, and the Thai tea!
between the five of us we shared 13 different dishes and we were all impressed by every one. the servers are all very attentive and the atmosphere welcoming. definitely recommend to just about everyone.
Two out of the three times I've been here, I've had a good experience. Went yesterday and it was a hundred degrees inside,then they decided to open the windows mid-meal and it was just stifling. We're in Florida, it's the summer....turn on the AC! Not very appetizing to see the servers dripping in sweat. Being so hot that you can't enjoy your meal sort of ruins the experience. Other than that, good food and great service.
We were there at 5 pm and waited more than 10 min at our table without a simple acknowledgment. We walked out.
Second time to the JAX location.  Both times great, delicious and affordable. The roti is a must
Great food at a great price.  This place is has a cool vibe and is a fun place to bring out of town guests.
I will try my best to fairly assess this place without going on a side tangent about Jacksonville's food scene in general. Hawkers is a restaurant, yes, but in my mind, it is not a place you go to eat. It's where you go to be seen and validated for being down with the newest, coolest, hippest thing. I say it's not a place to eat because, it's Asian food, so you eat and are served very small portions and you're hungry again (even before you leave). I say it's where you go to be seen because I've been there twice and there are just as many people standing outside pretending to be important as there are diners inside. Let me throw Hawkers a bone. The food is yummy. Everything I ate in there was delicious. But again, the only problem is that I had one bite of it because the portion was so tiny. I suspect the Hawkers owners didn't think the place would take off as quickly as it did because the location is very small, too small, in fact, to accommodate the number of people who are eating and the wait staff who have to shrink to half their size to scoot by your table. Take my advice, only go there if secretly you plan to get something much more filling later.
You have to try the meatballs! And they have a guy who comes in every morning and makes fresh curry sauce! MMMMM A Curry Expert :)
Decided to give the new place a whirl on a Saturday afternoon. The first 2 items I got (summer rolls, chicken eggrolls) were very good; no complaints there! Now, I'm not a big meat eater, especially with pork but, my friend insisted I have a pot sticker. I bit into it, and hit something crunchy. I looked inside the dumpling and saw what looked like a heart valve; not to mention a large pink blob of raw pork! I spit what I chewed out, and flagged down the server. She initially confirmed the raw meat, and took it back. She returns a few minutes later and said," the same thing happened to my friend a couple weeks ago! The manager said it's pink due to a marinade we soak it in." Well, I'm no fool, I know what raw meat looks like, an now tastes like!  I actually felt a bit insulted by this! Anyhow, the check comes, and low and behold the boiled sacks of raw meat were on the check! Due I being nauseous, I decided to just pay it and leave! I can honestly say, the 2 stars are due to an outstanding peanut sauce I ha before the "incident." Can't say I'll be back!
Omg. Soo good. Love the concept of sharing. Really fun environment. Started w the seasonal red cherry cider. Yum yum yum. I finished the keg and I'm not sorry bout that. The waiter bless his heart found what was left in the keg to refill me bc I wanted more. He was phenomenal. Garth is his name. Seriously best waiter ever. On to the food. The bulgogi skewers came w a lil kimchi which was a nice surprise. The kimchi isn't as sour salty as usual more savory spicy. The bulgogi was tasty as well. The pork belly was slap your mama good. Great texture of soft fatty w some crunch. Only complaint was the dang busboy took it before we were done without asking. Thought I was gonna stab him w my chopstick. The kimchi fried rice was great but I added red chilli pepper and siracha and subbed chicken. He loved the pad Thai. To finish u must get the crem brûlée trio. Dear god. I bought fell out of my chair. Three flavors of Malaysian, Thai tea and green tea. A must try!!!
Hawkers is a great addition to the Five Points neighborhood.  The atmosphere is fun and lively.  The food was delicious.  Dishes are meant to be shared.  My lunch companion ordered the curry laksa which arrived with multiple bowls for sharing.   It was flavorful and very satisfying.  Since she chose my first choice, I asked for a recommendation from our server.  The pad thai was a great choice.  It was delicious and not overly heavy.  I will return for a great dinner or lunch.
Great food and service. Happy hour gave us the chance to try out lots of different tapas. Our server Brad was on top of it and gave some really good recommendations. Definitely recommend this place.
Ok so I took my mom out on a early Mother's Day dinner and hawkers is the best place to eat Asian food by far in Jacksonville.. 1st off our server Nico was the best server we ever had in our dining experience and we eat a lot. I mean this guy had one side of the restaurant to himself while serving us and maintaining his table as he was a superhero or something.. He told us what everything meant and the suggestion he gave us were on point, the roti was to die for, we ate the duck OMG SO JUICY!!! I mean I can go on and on.. Nico sold us the menu like he was selling a car we order about 10 items and unfortunately we had to get doggie bags...all in all I would give this place a 10 out of 10.. GO HAWKERS!!
Service was awesome!!! Our waiter Josh was very fun and helpful! Duck tacos, bread with curry sauce and pad tai was delish!!!
I saw this place getting so much hype so I figured I'd give it a try.  Went during lunch and the wait wasn't too long. Server was nice and knowledgeable, very spunky.  They don't have a drink/dessert menu so you have to ask.  I'm a sucker for Thai tea so we got that.  I was very disappointed in it.  Everybody was saying "oh, the Thai tea is AMAZING!". I don't know what kind of Thai tea they've had but mine literally just tasted like tea.  I asked for more condensed milk and when she brought it out to me, it was this thick, molasses-like consistency, cream paste.  I poured it in and it made it a little better but I've never seen condensed milk like that or have I ever had a bad experience with Thai tea.  We ordered the curry meatballs (good), curry mashed potatoes (ok), lo mein (noodles too soggy for our liking), and two orders of bulgogi/kimchi (good. Kimchi was too salty and gingery).  Overall, it was ok. Definitely not the best food I've had but not the worst either.  I think I've just been spoiled to a variety of different ethnic foods from the US that Hawkers just seems 'eh' to me, nothing special.
Awesome
Lived in Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia 8 yrs; visited often in KL and Penang.  Ate lots at hawker stalls.  Compared to that, this is not bad at all, except for price of course.  Maybe 15-20 times the price.  Definitely will go again.  Several items I want to try.    Must say, however, the satay was fatty and the sauce not peanutty enough and not enough of it.  Ate satay many times in Kajang.
Amazing. The restaurant has only been open for a short while but the place runs like a machine. It was as busy as could possibly be but food came out fast and staff was excellent. Must try!
Delicious food!  I went early for lunch to beat the crowd and split a few of the small plates.  Everything was great.  My only "issue" with the place is that the menu is that it isn't entirely accurate.  I've been a vegetarian for 18 years, so when I saw the "veggie friendly" marker next to certain items, but not others, I had to question it.  The waitress said that one of the items I was looking at wasn't vegetarian because it had mayonnaise and the other wasn't vegetarian because it used cream and butter.  Unless I've been doing it wrong all these years, I'm pretty sure those additives qualify as non-vegan, NOT non-vegetarian.
A little bumpy start, but still a great experience. Food was fantastic. Service will no doubt improve as staff matured. Courtney, the manager, could not been more fantastic. Will definitely return.
Great place to eat! Everything on the mrnur is outstanding! Great service as well, we had Jen.
Monday 2/17/14, 5 PM early dinner for 3 of us; couldn't wait to try the Duck and Pot stickers. Hawkers was out of duck, chicken satay, pot stickers, jicima salad and the recommended dessert the waitress told us about!!! Chef, rule #1; "Prior planning prevents poor performance"!!
We got there before the Saturday night rush (~500pm) and were seated within 10 minutes.  This place is annoyingly loud and it feels cramped due to the high traffic nature of the restaurant.  It is definitely a tough place to relax and have a conversation.  It was so loud that I had trouble hearing/talking to our waiter.  The drink menu was impressive until it was time to order.  I ordered 2 different beers and finally settled with water since their beer selection had yet to be stocked.  If you don't have the majority of the drinks on your drink menu, you probably shouldn't hand them out.  The food was decent although pricey for the quantity.  We had the beef skewers (bulgogi), chicken skewers (lemongrass), pan fried dumplings, roti, Cantonese beef noodle soup, deep fried pork belly, roast duck, Asian fried green beans, fish with black bean sauce, Cantonese cod, Beef Ho Fun, crispy canton noodles, curry duck noodles and basil fried rice.  White rice is $1.00 per bowl.  The food was ok, but I did not think there was anything craveable.  Hawkers offers plenty of variety but nothing stood out.  The bill was over $100 and I left feeling unsatisfied.  You should definitely try it out.  Under normal circumstances, I would not go here.  There are better options for both food and drinks.
***300 Reviews*** Hawker's has to be my favorite restaurant that's opened in Jax in the last year. They have such a cool menu, and they aren't afraid to try new things. The staff has always been great. They have been equally great in hosting Yelp Jax, our burger club, and the times I've gone individually with a date or friends. So let's take a stroll through some of the menu. Most recently I stopped by for a ramen burger. Not sure how often they will be back, but if you ever see one on the menu then stop reading and order one immediately. The burgers are brushed in a Korean BBQ sauce, topped with kimchi and served on two patties formed out of ramen noodles that are crispy on the outside, but still chewy and springy on the inside. It's out of sight. The Roti canal is my favorite starter. Super buttery tasting, but still light enough to pair well with the Jon Boat coastal ale from Intuition. I could have drank the curry sauce it was served with. It has a little bit of heat but it's not overpowering. The pork belly in plum hoisin is another showstopper. It was impossibly crunchy, and the fatty inside melts in your mouth as soon as you bite into it. 10/10. The pot stickers are good. Hawkers uses chicken for the filling with very few vegetables, which lead to a very firm filling that was much less greasy than the more traditional pork filling. Served with a sweet soy and garlic sauce...that I also would have drank. Next up was roast duck. Not greasy at all. I'm not sure what cut this was. I'm assuming breast but it was cooked pretty thoroughly. I tend to eat duck rare, but this was still very tender. Skewers of Satay and Bulgogi is good. Both are very lean cuts, but very tasty. Apparently the kitchen has a layer of charcoal under the grill they use. It imparts a nice smoky flavor like you would expect for street food. It holds up well to the I-10 IPA. The Tom Yum is excellent. I'm used to this having coconut milk, and a heavier consistency. This is a lighter version. Lemongrass broth with shrimp and a ton a fresh veggies. Seems like a fairly healthy soup. The fried fish was pretty heavily battered, and the black bean sauce was very heavy. Not sure that I would order this again. The noodle dishes I've tried were a bit of a blur. The Lo Mein was very saucy, and the chicken it was served with was great, but it was probably my least favorite of the three. 1st place was a toss up between the Spicy Udon and the fat noodles served with egg. The udon was more filling, and the sauce had more flavor but the egg dish felt more like a comfort food and was nice on a cold rainy day. All in all the staff is amazing. You can tell that the owner and general manager have really made this outpost their baby. I know from speaking to them that it has been an arduous process getting this place open, but I can tell that they are proud of what they've done and they deserve to be. Cheers guys!
If you've lived in Jacksonville all of your life, skip this review as I would come off as snooty. After trying this place three times, they fall short on decor, service, and management. However, the biggest reason I won't be coming back is the quality of food -- and I'll only be taking about that. THE FOOD. The duck bahn mi comes with three sliders and possibly a piece of duck on each of them. Two of my sliders were missing duck, just a piece of greasy duck skin with a cilantro stem + two pieces of julienned carrots on them(where's the daikon? ). This level of consistency is laughable. Do the people that make the food not care at all? I'd be happy with just 1 slider that is actually made right. Do people not realize "authentic" bahn mi can be had in town for $3-5? Onto their most popular dish: roasted pork belly. Not roasted at all. If you've ever had real roasted pork belly, you'd know that this thing was just chopped up and tossed into a fryer. This is deep fried pork belly, which means that the fat does not get rendered during the cooking process and there is no flavor. It feels like eating a fat flavored taffy. They do give you a gochujang based sauce with it, to remind you how good pork belly could be. There isn't even a chinese style oven here (open kitchen allows you to kinda check it out without being too intrusive), which makes me beg the question "how are they roasting anything on the menu?" A place like this can only thrive in Jacksonville,  but I had bigger hopes for riverside/San marco. No one is asking for "authentic" dishes,  please just make it edible. Chalk one up to another pseudo-asian fusion fare gone wrong with an overextended menu that doesn't do a single dish right.
I love Hawkers. I'm obsessed with the Curry Duck Noodles. Asian beer selection is awesome since I love Asian food and beer. I've been many times and the staff has always been good.
Fun, tasty. Ok, a little salty and some of what we ordered was bit less healthy than we thought, but...cool, fun, hip place where everyone can eat on the budget they choose.
This used to be the new excitement to my palate for a while. I'm Malaysian born, so I'm familiar with most items on the menu. My recent visit to the restaurant last week was a big disappointment, though. My favorite, Char Koay Teow, is now different!!!??? There must have been a change of chefs, or they have changed the recipe or ingredients. The usual flat noodle, is now a thin noodle, similar to that used in Pad Thai. Taste is also off, largely due to the typical taste of the Pad Thai noodle. Please fix this! This misfortune, and inconsistency alone, is enough to keep me from going back to you!
I don't know what they're doing to the food back there, but they manage to make even basics like green beans into an "oh my god you have to try this" moment. I love the tapas-style approach to Asian street fare. Everything is simple yet full of flavor, served in small sharable portions and just plain fun to eat. And props to the staff - they've always given great service and seem really genuine. I'd say this is a great place for groups of friends or family, maybe even a fun date. But if you are angling for a quiet, romantic dinner, it probably isn't your spot. Avoid peak dinner hours on the weekend when there is sure to be a wait. Come for lunch or a late-night dinner.
incredible vibe, food and service...
Great Pad Thai! I have had one issue with a meal and they took care of everything. Great business ethics in a very open atmosphere.
Great atmosphere. Great street side tapas. But if they get busy then don't judge. Oh and I ordered a bottle of wine thinking I'd save money but it's all the same price.
Always a good time. The food at Hawkers is delicious and decently priced. It gets pretty crowded during certain hours so you're in the clear as long as you avoid those hours
Great place.  Great food.  Great service.  I'll be back the next time I'm in town for a jags game.
I love the atmosphere here. It's fun, it's bustling, my friend and I sat at the bar and had some good beer, some ok food, and a grand old time. I lived in Asia for awhile and have travelled all over that region, so I was excited to revisit some Asian street food. My only complaint is that the food here is not super authentic or as delicious as the real deal. But, again, I really enjoyed dining here and will be back to try more things.
I love this place. I've only ever been twice but both visits I've received nothin but excellent service. My first trip, I had Ryan as a server and he was great. Very funny and entertaining. I had a coupon for a free entree and got rice on the side which is only $1, so my overall bill was less than $2. But nonetheless I tipped extremely well. During my second trip I went with a large group of friends and we had Jarvis as our waiter. Great guy, suggested a lot of really unique dishes. I ordered the tofu curry with rice which was amazing. It took a while for my food to come out unlike the rest of my group who got their food within a reasonable time. Jarvis's service was so good that I forgot I even ordered food. Because my food was so late he gave us a lot of different dishes to sample including their fried tofu. He also threw in a free Mckenzie's pumpkin cider as well. Amazing service. Once again we tipped extremely well. The food is reasonably priced as well and there are so many different things to try that it's almost impossible to get bored.
Edamame were delicious, with an added boost of flavor from being stir fried in the wok. Jicama salad was also a nice surprise- a root vegetable, something of a mix between a potato and apple- is fresh and tasty. I had the noodle curry soup with shrimp and egg had a spicy kick to it. All in all, a great place if you're looking for a culinary adventure off the beaten path with servers eager to guide you through. Jarvis,our server, had this adventurous personality, perfectly attentive and on point.
Loving Hawkers! Eating family style is the best way to go so you can try a variety of their delicious dishes
It's probably due time that I review Hawkers. Even with a few bumps along the way (the loss of a refrigerator at the same time that they received an inspection), Hawkers is one of my most favorite places to eat and to take folks to eat when they come to Jacksonville for a visit. It's like an Asian tapas place; everything comes on small plates to be shared and makes it easy to try a ton of different items with a group of friends. I was lucky enough to attend the Yelp Elite event just two days before Hawkers opened their doors to the public and I've been hooked ever since. When on my own, I typically stick to my favorites - Basil Rice or Tom Yum Soup, bean sprouts, and maybe some roti canai or 5 spice green beans. When I have a group of people with me, that's when I try more items on the menu. The food arrives to the table as it becomes ready, so order a few small things and if you want to try some other items, you can always order them.     However, there was one instance at Hawkers that perturbed me, which was finding out was that the roti canai is NOT vegetarian/vegan friendly, as it is cooked with chicken broth. My friend, who is Indian and vegetarian, had the roti when he was here during One Spark. On a return visit to Jacksonville, about a month later, we went back to Hawkers and happened to find this out from our waiter. I felt absolutely terrible, because I had no clue, but he wasn't the only vegetarian at our table of six during One Spark that had imbibed the roti. My friend wasn't that upset about it, but it may need to be made clearer in the menu. I haven't seen a Hawkers menu in a few weeks, but I keep meaning to check if the menu description includes that the curry sauce is made with chicken broth. Other than that, though, I have had nothing but pleasant experiences from the Yelp Elite event prior to opening and all the way through to my friend's birthday dinner a few weeks ago. Even on the nights that I go in by myself, Tim (the general manager) will usually swing by and chat for a few and see how my experience is going. When folks are looking for a place to eat in 5 Points, my first suggestion is always Hawkers. To me, it is reminiscent of the Asian food courts that I was able to enjoy while visiting Singapore and Hong Kong. A bit of every Asian country is represented and you can try an almost limitless amount of cuisine.       What is a great thing to accompany a meal? Why a beer of course, and Hawkers has a fantastic beer selection. They are limited on the cider side of the house, but I wholly recommend a Crispin over Angry Orchard any day. There are a ton of craft breweries represented and don't be afraid to ask for their wine/beer connoisseur to help you pair a great beer with your meal. The one thing to be prepared for is the crowds. Hawkers is never without a crowd during working hours. If you are going by yourself or with one or two others, it's not too bad of a wait if you don't RSVP. If you're like me, and don't really care about sitting at a table, grab a spot at the bar and forego the wait. However, if you have more than that, definitely RSVP (even if you are in the neighborhood) and then just go grab a coffee or beer at BREW or Rain dogs while waiting for your text that your table is ready.
Oh how I love Hawkers!  Everything about it!  Its a cool restaurant, the food is great, the servers friendly.  I absolutely love to eat where you get a bunch of things and then everyone shares.  I picked this as my b day spot to eat dinner, we had a party of about 10 people and we ordered a ton of food and shared everything, it was great!  The restaurant is kinda small so we were a lil cramped, but not too bad.  Deff go try it, get a bunch of stuff you have never had and experience something new!
I don't think we will be back.  They use MSG in pretty much Every dish and I am sensitive to it...walked out with a massive migraine. Also, that means they're not using the freshest ingredients. The reason for three stars is the waiter was  very nice and attentive. We had the wok fired lettuce, which was good, the Roti Canai and dipping sauce (actually, delicious! ) chicken spring rolls (eh) and pad Thai (was ok).
This place is incredible.  Lots of options for all kinds of meat and non meat eaters.  Definitely get the Roti Canai!  But truthfully, everything I've had there is delicious.
This is just what Jacksonville needed. Been here several times, one for a yelp elite event, couple of times with my lady, and this past time was for a BMOC event. That's burger of the month club.... I'll get to that in a sec.. Hawkers never seems to disappoint. I can't get enough of the Roti Canai with curry dipping sauce. That is a must if you go. The spicy garlic green beans are also a big hit. However that may not be the exact name of them but look on the appetizer menu. The crispy pork belly, Sui Yoke, is another one of my favorites. Makes my mouth water just thinking of it. Also tried some shrimp curry for the first time from Hawkers. It was a little thicker than I was used to, still excellent. Okay now onto the burger.. They are offering a Ramen noodle burger for a limited time. And it pretty much tastes exactly like you would think. It's not bad at all. It's almost like having beef and noodles. Wouldn't say it's my favorite burger of all time, definitely different and I did not regret ordering it. I also need to mention that I love the atmosphere here. I love the deco, open kitchen concept and just overall feel of the place.. This is one of my top three of Jacksonville!
Ever since moving to Jacksonville from Southern California last weekend, I've been dying to try this place. The restaurant is nestled on a well-traveled corner of Five Points in the grungy, hip neighborhood of Riverside. After seeing so many strip malls and long stretches of forested highways during my first few days, I instantly felt a little more like I was back in Long Beach (a comforting experience, I assure you). As a recent aficionado of Asian cuisine, I was not disappointed by my experience. My girlfriend and I came to Hawkers during happy hour on a Wednesday. The restaurant was not at all crowded, but the staff appeared to be gearing up for the dinner rush. The interior design is styled in industrial chic, a welcome respite from the cookie-cutter, plastic interiors of the myriad chain restaurants that populate Jacksonville (why?). Once you're inside, you'll feel as if you could be in Oakland or Brooklyn. For the young set of Jacksonville, this is a good thing. After soliciting suggestions from our helpful waitress (she complimented my girlfriend on her nailpolish), we ordered mainly off the HH menu (I also decided on a brew from Intuition Ale). Here's how I felt about our small plates: Edamame (free with Yelp check-in)- hot, plentiful, and salty. Next time I'll ask for them spicy and with garlic Summer rolls ($3 HH)- huge, authentic, but perhaps too many veggies at the expense of shrimp. Peanut dipping sauce was sweet, and offset the rice paper nicely. BBQ pork or char siu ($3 HH)- sweet, crisp, and simply incredible. I nearly licked the plate clean and wanted more 5-spice calamari ($7)- Lightly breaded, flavorful, and soft. Clearly high-quality squid and the combination of spices was memorable (in a good way) Hokkien mee ($8.50)- Tangy, filling, and greasy. My girlfriend thought it tasted like an upscale version of lo mein from Panda Express, but honestly, I thought it was absolutely delicious, a great hangover food for those struggling with sobriety. Chilled sesame noodles ($3 HH)- cool, refreshing, and light. Definitely for those who don't want to risk leaving HASF pregnant with an insolent food baby. Overall I had a great first time at Hawkers and, given the expansive menu and happy hour options, I'll be sure to return to try out some of the other dishes.
This is my 3rd time here. Omg I love, love, love this place! I met a friend here for lunch after a long night. We got there around noon and the place had a few early patrons but plenty of seating. Our waitress Alison was wonderful and had suggested that I have a Thai tea to help with my *ahem* headache. She was right. The tea with whipped cream sure did cure it. After feeling much better, my friend and I shared a plate of Edamame and I got my favorite appetizer, Roti Canai. The curry dipping sauce is excellent with the flat bread. My friend ordered the Crispy Roast Pork Belly and Curry Mashed Potatoes while I got the Stir-Fried Udon. Alison said she loves the delish and she likes to substitute the chicken in the dish with shrimp. That sounded good to me so I asked for the same. The Udon noodles were delish though I should've paid more attention to the menu as it was a bit spicy. Thank god for the tea. I tried my friend's pork belly with the hoisin sauce and it was still a bit dry for me. Her mashed potatoes were freshly made and uses the same curry as the roti canai. Too carbor-riffic for me. We bagged the rest and were ready for dessert. My friend wanted me to try her Durian Creme Brûlée and I was hesitant about it, flashbacking to a tv host eating it for the first time and saying it was very disgusting. She assured me it was fine so I took a deep breath and ate it. It was actually pretty good! I wanted to get the Mango Sticky Rice but they were out of it. Bummer, so I got the Cinnamon Roti with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream. More Roti? Yes please! That dessert with the mint leaves was the perfect way to end the lunch. We both agreed that Hawkers will be on our favorite restaurants list. We'll definitely be back.
While Hawkers Asian Street Fare is fairly new to Jacksonville, my wife and I have been to their Orlando location for years before they opened their doors in Jacksonville.  We were both very eagerly waiting when Hawkers announced that they will open a new location in Jacksonville.  Since this location opened, we've probably been there about a dozen or so times.  It's the one top Asian restaurant my wife and I would go when craving street or Asian bar-type food. I read some of the reviews and noticed that there were several bad ratings with Yelper indicating they don't get the 'hype' of Hawkers.  I admit, the wait can be irritating.  But there are ways around that.  My wife and I don't go during popular dinner hours.  We actually do go for the food.  It's not about their location or decoration. And to be honest, I don't like every single dish at Hawkers.  But that's the beauty of tapas.  You don't need to like every dish and when you order something, they are to be shared and in small portion, so you can try a lot of dishes even in one meal.  Do not compare Hawkers dishes to what you get at a Chinese fast food or food court.  Yes, the portion is very small and you'll pay more.  But, the food quality and flavor is not comparable.  Their menu has a wide variety of dishes, taken from different cuisines.  It's fun to go and experiment.  Try something new each time. On Hawkers' service.  We did have to return a dish once.  We ordered a fried rice and the rice was not fully cooked and therefore, was too hard.  So mistakes does happen, but the service was impeccable with the new dish quickly brought out and manager came by to make sure everything was good.  We also had a server once that was not as attentive and even left for the night before our meal was done, without telling us so we were kinda left hanging.  For a newly opened restaurants, I think there are a few kinks when they first opened and are still trying to smooth it out from time to time.  But overall, great food and service.
I love Hawkers. I had a chance to sneak out of work for an early lunch, so off we went. A great craft beer selection gets this place three stars out the gate. Our waitress was friendly and very attentive. Since it was my wife's first time I had to introduce her to some of my favorites. We ordered the fried pork belly, Roti and edamame with the chili garlic sauce. Everything was delicious. The main star was the ramen burger. Two ramen "buns", a burger topped with kimchi what more could you ask for. This burger was packed with a lot of flavor. It's not often that I get a chance to eat out on this side of town but it's always a great time.
I will preface my review by stating that I don't have a sophisticated pallet, My level of competence is distinguishing salt from pepper. With that being said I did enjoy the food I ordered from Hawkers, for reference I ordered the Kimchi Rice with Roasted Duck. The duck was very savory with a hint of sweetness, the beef in the kimchi rice was prepared with my ideal tenderness in mind. My visit was limited to takeout so I cannot  intelligently discuss the decor or the service of the wait staff, but I would definetly return. Your results may vary but when I checked in I did receive an offer for a complementary appetizer of edamame.
We had the coconut curry shrimp, lo mein chicken and Korean bulgogi skewers. While the shrimp was good, the other two dishes were amazing! I could the devour the lo mein until I fell over dead. The steak skewers were tender and had the perfect mouth-watering flavor. This food makes me smile when I eat it and frown when I can't eat more of it. Ridiculous. The service is weird and planned to be so. "We will bring your dishes out as they are ready, so you are encouraged to share plates". Okay, fine. I will jump through your cleverly designed marketing hoops Hawkers. I will share - but only if I have to. Be prepared for the small size of the dishes, as they are labeled as appetizers with a higher price tag (though worth the cost).
Um. No.  First of all, the service...not very good.  Well the waitress was nice but the hostess was not. The wine, old and stale.  Completely overrated and pretentious and I lived in LA for 22 years!  So, that should tell you something. Portion size for an ENTREE ---size of my hand.  I'm a girl.  I'm petite.  Size. of. my. hand for an entree.  Nobody came back to check on us.  Over priced. The food was not terrible but we had been excited to try it so all in all it just wasn't up to par from what other reviews said. I just don't get it. No thank you.
Well to begin the idea is pure genius, Asian street fare. I love the idea and execution. The food was great might I add, I got the Korean beef skewers and the 5 spice calamari for lunch. The calamari was perfectly friend but a little too much seasoning on them and the skewers where cooked very well with a great sauce. The people I was with got Phad Thai which was pretty good, nice little kick, I also tired the dumpling which I wasn't impressed with. But overall great meal. Will definitely come back.
Fans of  the comparable Panda Express will surely find this food delightful. If you think all the people at the door are waiting for quality asian food, you're mistaken. They must be waiting for the sake of waiting. The food here is the same quality asian food you'll find at mall food court disguised with different names and a contemporary atmosphere. Since I wasn't greeted with a free sample of general tao, I expected this place to deliver on the hype. I was wrong. Save your time. If you have a hankering for Asian flavors, just order take out. You won't notice a difference, and you won't impatiently wait to be crowded into a loud room ripe with the stench of sweat and fried meat.
I finally got my chance to try Hawker's at our recent burger of the month club (ramen burgers call for an emergency meeting!) and somehow it managed to live up to the hype. The fact that this place is always busy came up multiple times during the meal. We were there on a Tuesday evening from around 6:30-8 and only when we were leaving were there any empty tables. The only item other than the ramen burger I tried was a couple of pieces of the spicy garlic edamame, which was tasty. Our server (Damien according to my receipt) was fantastic, he managed to keep a group of around 15 happy and got our bills together perfectly, which was impressive. The GM also bought us all a beer, which was a really nice surprise. I'm not a big beer drinker but the Intuition cantaloup saison was light and went nicely with the burger. So all that brings us to the star of the show, the ramen burger. I have been intrigued by the idea of a ramen burger since I started seeing articles and pictures pop up from other cities in the last year or so so when the chance to try it arose, I couldn't miss it. The Hawker's ramen burger did not disappoint. The burger itself was really tasty, a tiny bit spicy but super flavorful. I wouldn't mind eating that same burger on a regular bun (in all honestly it was probably one of the best burgers I've had). The ramen was interesting, a little crunchy on the outside but soft in the middle. Mine fell apart a little which made it a bit messy but it was well worth it. While I understand why it's a limited time item, I think it's more than worthy of a spot on the menu. The burger was also served with tarro fries and a really tasty sauce (one of our botm members figured it out, sirracha and garlic aoli, yum!). The tarro fries went well with the burger. The burger was heavy and rich and the fries were on the lighter side. All in all, my inaugural visit to Hawker's could not have gone better. I had been waiting quite a while to check it out, the whole time hearing so many good things and my experience was spot on. Great food, great service, great location, only thing missing might be more tables!
Everything for a first visit went smooth.... Well done Brad! Food was Decent, Please was Clean and Not yet Busy, I understand the Shininess of being new and no they are not good enough to wait in line for especially with the Moss Fire Grill right down the street. Portions are small with flavor . I Would eat here again IF I do not have to wait in line for a table.
My husband was the one that really recommended Hawkers since he had seen it across the street at New Leaf. We enjoy a wide range of Asian foods, so it's no surprise that we really wanted to eat here. We were greeted instantly as we arrived by the hostess and our soon-to-be server Alison - who, by the way, was really lively and awesome. We also were stopped before we went to our table by another server with Star Wars tattoos who thought my husband and I's were pretty sweet (for the nerd in us, this place was oozing cool vibes). I didn't know they were a tapas restaurant and was pleasantly surprised when Alison told us when she went over the menu since it was our first time here. I LOVE tapas restaurants! Anyone who complains about the size of the portions doesn't understand the whole concept and mentality of the tapas atmosphere, therefore is really missing out. We ordered the Pad Thai - excellent amount of kick and flavor, BBQ Pork, their Duck tacos (I'm a sucker for duck on any menu), and their 3 tea creme brulee'. Found out after checking in via Yelp that you can get a free Edamame - we totally took that deal and got their mixed garlic/spices on them. Hawkers has a great selection of beer on tap and in bottle - I tried a new beer myself while the husband went to one of his favorites, Kiuchi's Nest White. Overall, such a great experience and out of the restaurants I've been to since moving to the area in April, Hawkers is by far my favorite.
Not sure if any other locations exist besides the one in Orlando, but I would give them an A for consistency.  Food has the same yummy goodness as Orlando restaurant and the menu seems to be the same as well. Very crowded location and parking is a chore in this area.  Seems as if it would be hard to hold actual conversations here.   If you're looking for flavor and reasonable prices, this is the place.
Experience Asian street food in a nicely designed space with high energy vibe Everything was delicious although the Kim chi was not as flavorful as expected. Riva was awesome and the temperature was pleasant inside on this day.
Food is great, love the fast paced, plate sharing style of the restaurant. A/C was out and it looks like it has been. It's extremely hot in there. Service was average, nothing special. EDIT: I was contacted about the A/C and know it is being worked on. The customer service is great, and I will update my review on my next visit.
So one more star for effort.  These guys sent me  a nice letter, offered me a little something-something, and promised to do better.  I lectured them on subtle age-ism and utensil choice, and told them to go find a Cambodian guy's grandmother to get her green papaya salad recipe. I like their spunk.  (I know, Lou Grant hates it.) One more star for spunk which I'll take away in a heartbeat if the GPS isn't the best when I return.
I finally had a chance to go back and give Hawkers another try.  I had a hair appointment at the salon a few doors down, so I stopped in for an early lunch.  At 11:30am, there was no wait to get in.  We were seated promptly and began the menu perusal.  We ordered different things this time - thai tea, roti canai, lemongrass beef kabobs, the coconut shrimp, and the jicama salad.   The thai tea was a little sweet and refreshing for a warm day.  The roti came out screaming hot with a flavorful curry sauce that had a nice kick to it.  The shrimp came next and while I hate shrimp (Oh, the horror!) my dining mate enjoyed every bite.  The real winner was the kabobs and jicama salad.  The beef was cooked well, had a nice char, and was flavorful.  But let me gush about the jicama salad for a minute.  That salad is just amazing - crisp, refreshing, with a tangy/sweet dressing.  We starting using pieces of roti as bread, filling it with beef and putting the salad and dressing on top.  It was so good!  As in good enough that I grabbed a menu for the name of the dressing and have already found a recipe. Service was better this time.  Our server was a tad...quirky...but he was attentive and everything went smoothly.
I told my fiancé if the roti canai curry sauce were a person, I'd leave him for it. Easily one of my favorite restaurants if not my favorite. The stir fry udon is amazing. And surprisingly, for the group of carnivores I came in with, we all love the work fired lettuce. A must if you are in jax. I've never seen them not busy though. I have a deep passionate hatred for waiting, but I would wait for hawkers. Conveniently they take your number and text you when your table is ready so you can walk around or grab a drink down the street. Speaking of which, hawkers has a pretty decent draft list to top it all off. But seriously, order the roti canai and tell me that sauce doesn't make you want to be a better person. You can't.
On our way from NC to miami we stopped at this awesome place. We tried about 8 different plates and they were all great.   These are my favorite: Siu yoke Steak and pork skewers Roast duck Chow faan Edamame (free with yelp check in) Pot stickers dumplings
Hawkers has a great variety of dishes and beers that make it a GREAT place to bring friends and share food! Almost like a taps restaurant, a lot of the dishes are moderately sized so you can get a variety of dishes pretty without being more expensive than a place that only serves entree sized dishes. That being said, the noodle and rice dishes are super filling, savory, and delicious if you want to come in by yourself. The stand out appetizer is the potstickers. I still can't believe their chicken instead of pork, and yet they are SO damn good! *i recommend pan fried over steamed My favorite entree is the stir fried udon. With a nice balance of noodles, chicken, veggies, egg, and a slightly spicy sauce, it hits the spot EVERY TIME! **second choice entree: Kim Chi fried rice!! YUM! HOWEVER, the big tip for this place: Get the roti canai (bread) and mix the curry sauce that comes with it with a side of their honey sirracha sauce, and you'll have the best sauce EVER! A little spicy, a little sweet, and a LOT of flavor.
Hawkers has a great variety of dishes and beers that make it a GREAT place to bring friends and share food! Almost like a taps restaurant, a lot of the dishes are moderately sized so you can get a variety of dishes pretty without being more expensive than a place that only serves entree sized dishes. That being said, the noodle and rice dishes are super filling, savory, and delicious if you want to come in by yourself. The stand out appetizer is the potstickers. I still can't believe their chicken instead of pork, and yet they are SO damn good! *i recommend pan fried over steamed My favorite entree is the stir fried udon. With a nice balance of noodles, chicken, veggies, egg, and a slightly spicy sauce, it hits the spot EVERY TIME! **second choice entree: Kim Chi fried rice!! YUM! HOWEVER, the big tip for this place: Get the roti canai (bread) and mix the curry sauce that comes with it with a side of their honey sirracha sauce, and you'll have the best sauce EVER! A little spicy, a little sweet, and a LOT of flavor.
In search of Lo Mein while in the San Marco area, Hawkers was just about the closest option we could find. The place is located in Five Points and we felt very fortunate to find parking really close by.  I say fortunate because the place was packed!  Especially for a Wednesday evening.  My wife and I had about a 15 minute wait but we were offered menus while we waited, which turned out to be a great idea! Once seated, we found our server was very friendly and knowledgeable.  He had a great sense of humor when I told him that the sweet tea was horrible (I expected southern sweet tea y'all, NOT "whatever weird fake sweetener fusion" tea that they had.). I used my Yelp check in to score some free edamame since I had never had it before.  I would say that it was pretty good but I have nothing else to compare it to; I'm sure it's hard to mess it up anyway. I ordered the pad Thai with a side of chicken skewers with their oriental jerk flavor. It was all very tasty!  My wife ordered the curry duck noodles and hers was tasty as well. My pad Thai had the lightest kick to it and was just enough for my wife's taste.  Even though I'm not a big fan of duck I still liked the small sample that I had from the wife's dish. The food came out quickly considering how busy it was and it came out as each dish was ready, which was a new concept to me but I liked it. The only thing that may discourage me from going back is how (IMO) overly hipster this place is. Granted, I WAS in Five Points but it was still too much for me. I love the King Street District but this was over the top for me. Sorry, not sorry.
Everyone has been raving about this place for a while now, as it's one of the first asian street food restaurants in the Jacksonville area. It's in Riverside which in my opinion has always been a nice, hip area with lots of cool people and everyone is pretty chill and open minded just like all the servers here at Hawkers. The restaurant has a rustic feel to it with lots of wood and stone used in the decor and architecture, and it feels authentic. Me and my friend checked in here and got a free order of edamame that they cooked with some garlic for some added flavor and it was pretty tasty, nothing insane special. Our server then suggested we try a few small plates and then finish off the meal with a larger plate, so we ordered from the happy hour menu which consisted of their small plates at a discounted price. We ordered Pork belly which was outstanding, BBQ pork char siu which was also delicious, and an order of summer rolls with shrimp added to them which was probably my least favorite out of everything. We finished the meal with an order of Chow Faan stir fry which was okay as well. Overall I liked pretty much everything, although it's not life changing, but it's definitely a place to try. The only other thing I would have to point out is that if you go in and you only have 2 people in your party they'll seat you at their high tops which proved barely any room to enjoy your meal, other than that the service was good and I enjoyed the experience.
We had the same server again, who is very attentive.  When my coke got down to the watered down bit I went to put it at the edge of the table and he swooped in and took it for refill before I set it down. He made thoughtful suggestions and was pleasant and present without encroaching. This place is priced right for a date or sharing with friends by getting a lot of smaller things rather than just one big dish.  The spring rolls were average, but the Cantonese crispy noodles were authentic and tasty, and the shrimp sliders with honey sriracha were a surprise on heavenly little buns.  I wish the Papaya salad had marinated in the sauce to catch the flavors rather than being applied at the table, but t was light and pleasant.   Overall this place is a good choice for Asian fusion when you want a quirky mix of dishes in a cozy but trendy corner of Riverside.
Er mer gerd! I love, love, loooove this place! If I lived or worked in the Riverside area, I would eat here everyday--no joke. I never thought I'd ever eat roti or enjoy it, but I'm glad I was feeling adventurous that one day and ordered the Roti Canai. It is absolutely amazing...the warm, flaky doughy bread and that amazing curry sauce that comes with it--heaven. It is Heaven in my mouth! I absolutely always order this whenever we go to Hawkers. My other favorites are the bulgogi meat skewers (tender, juicy, and flavorful delectable yumminess) and the Malaysian Prawn Mee. That broth...! It is now my favorite soup of all time. Hubby is on a quest of trying everything on the menu at least once, and the only thing that we haven't been impressed with so far are the Crispy Roast Pork. It makes me sad that this place isn't closer to home (the drive is a PITA for us) so it definitely makes it a special treat for us whenever we can eat here. I'm hoping that they look into opening a Mandarin/Julington Creek location. We need more gems like this in our neck of the woods! The A/C is fixed and in working order now BTW ;D
Overcooked poultry,  unimaginative sauces,  gummy rice,  non Asian cooks and poorly trained management.  Only in jacksonville can a place like this thrive.
Went back last night and had the Roti with Curry Sauce. YOU NEED THIS. The Roti is unlike any I've had. It's so light and airy and buttery. Oh gosh. Think even MORE delicious naan. FIVE STAR FOR THE ROTI!
I've been to Hawkers a few times now and have yet to be thoroughly impressed with the food or service.  The concept of the restaurant is great but it's always crowed and loud at Hawkers and for some reason, even in 95 degree weather they insist on having the windows open.  Nobody wants to feel uncomfortable while eating and sitting in Florida's humid 95 degree weather while you eat is just annoying.  I will say that I've had several items that are good but not great and few that were just terrible: Roti - A must try. Pad Thai - Definitely one of their better dishes so I order it every time I go Wings with Honey Sriracha Sauce - The sauce is fantastic and the wings are decent Kimchi Fried Rice - as a huge fan of Kimchi I'm not impressed with this fried rice, it doesn't taste like kimchi at all and lacks the spicyness that makes kimchi so great Ginger Chicken - GROSS Banh Mi - The duck variation is dry and bland but the Korean Bulgogi one is delightful Spicy Edamame - If  you like edamame (soy beans) definitely try this variation Hawkers is just OK.
As much flak as I get for my highly unpopular opinion regarding Hawkers Asian Street Fare, I feel that I must share my experience so that others can feel comfortable with admitting that they don't like the food at Hawkers... I wanted to like Hawkers. I am impressed with what they did with their space and I recognize that the neighborhood needed some new food options. However, I was just not impressed. They have well-marked vegetarian options, which I also appreciate on general principle. The staff do try very hard to please and are very polite. For these reasons, I can give a 2 star rating. Otherwise, I would have go with a 1 star since 0 stars isn't an option. The food was substandard and overpriced. The fried green bean app was flavorless. Once I added salt, it was edible. There was no 5 spice seasoning to be had.  The fried rice bowl that I ordered (with 5 spice tofu) tasted like it had been cooked on a grill that had never been cleaned. Also, the rice was crunchy as if it had not been fully cooked. The 5 spice tofu had no flavor, but the texture was acceptable. The infamous curry roti is not vegetarian, so FYI if you were previously unaware of that. The roti part is veg, so I tried it and it tasted ok. The service is polite but slow, especially if you have a large party that orders a lot of different things. The food comes out in the order in which it is ready, which can be disconcerting. I wish Hawkers was better, as I would love to have more food options available to me in the area.
Great food. Service can be slow depending I crowd. Staff is very accommodating though. Can be a little loud. The awesome food makes up for much of the down side. Hopefully within time some of the service sides will improve.  Can see other locations opening up too. Would be great
Great food the 2 times I've been there and excellent service. Definitely a great place for lunch.
Hawkers is a pretty fantastic place and has become my new favorite in five points. I waited until I had been here a few times to write a review. I have to say that each time I have been, the food and service has been excellent. It gets crazy busy on the weekends, but I have discovered I can drop in for lunch and I can get right in. On a saturday night, prepare to wait at least 45 minutes for a table. I love that the food comes out when it is hot. The portion sizes are perfect for sharing and aren't too small, so you feel like you can actually get more than a bite in when passing dishes around the table. My absolute favorite small plate is the roti canai. I also love all of the bahn mi sliders-the bulgogi steak sliders are my favorite, but the duck sliders are a close second. Definitely try these with the sweet/spicy sirachi (sp?) sauce. I highly recommend giving this place a try. All my friends who I have brought there have loved the experience, and I have quickly become a big fan. I am looking forward to trying everything on the menu!
We are in downtown Jacksonville for a week long meeting and we quickly realized that there are not many options when it comes to eating out. A couple of locals (Uber and Lift) drivers recommenced this place so we gave it a try. Its in the riverside area of town and when we walked in at 8pm there were plenty of people around (mostly locals) Its asian fusion, with a very good beer selection. We ordered the roti canai based on recommendation from the waitress as she said that some people leave the restaurant when they ran out of this. I was not impressed, its just like a fresh made tortilla with extra butter. Good but not $3 good. Its Tapas style eating, however I was with my co-worker and we aren't that close so we didn't share. She ordered the Chicken Lomain and I ordered the Pad Thai. The pad thai was enough for me to fill up on and it was delicious (a bit spicy), She liked the Lomain but was hungry afterwards so she ordered the ducks sliders, they were edible but a bit dry.
Asian restaurant with American standards :) How refreshing. So generous with spices in soups and tastes are bolder. I still would say that the fresh rolls at Bowl of Pho is better than their summer rolls. You definitely get value for the money. The creme brûlée was good. Cheesecake ok. How can you ever go wrong with the edamame. Rice serving was generous. A bowl of soup can really fill you. Staff service was excellent and her name was Allison. Thanks for a great night, Allison.
Everything I've had here has been delicious! They also have a good cold sake selection, which is something I always look for and is often hard to find. I always have to start out with the Roti Canai, which has an amazing dipping sauce that you can dip other stuff in when the bread is gone. The pork belly is a favorite as well. My favorite meal so far is the Kimchi Fried Rice. The prices are very reasonable, portions are good (not too much, not too little) and there are plenty of great options on the menu. The only downside is you can't really have an appetizer and a meal- it comes out as soon as it's ready. Sometimes they get confused and forget to bring stuff, which has happened a couple times, but they were totally slammed at the time. Even if you try to space out your ordering, it doesn't always work out. I usually try to order a little, eat it, then order a little more if I'm still hungry so it doesn't all ambush me at once.
Cool evening atmosphere!  Super cold ac is awesome!  Great food and service is on point.  Thanks damian and beau!
Wow, where do I begin?  Overrated!  Snobby!  Anyway, I have been wanting to try this place.  Do yourself a favor and just go to PF Changs.  Better quality, more important, bigger portion size for your buck.  We came and ordered.  The skinny tatted red headed alt girl threw our tiny bowl of lo mien on the table  and walked away.  This place was packed and they act like they are doing us a favor for being there.  Wake up Jacksonville!!  The over priced small portions!!!  Nothing special!!! NEVER be back!
Loved this funky place in the historic Riverside neighborhood. The staff is real friendly and helpful, aside from the hostess who wanted to plant us in a dark table next to the kitchen and restrooms when there were two window tables open. (I don't know why they do that?!) no problem as the customer has veto power and we took a window table anyway. The food is excellent, from a menu full of Asian inspired dishes. They are served in small dishes, so we can share as we were so informed. We had crispy pork bellies, a Malaysian noodle dish, a Korean Kim chi rice dish, wings with an array of sauces on the side and a few other things.  All great. I'll go back for dinner sometime, which is guaranteed because my wife loved it. And guess who pushes the buttons in my family.
Great for date night (not first date b/c of LOUD atmosphere) and even better for big groups! Hawkers serves Tapas style fusion food, really god-damn good! Average for each tapas plate was around $5-$8. We ordered 6 tapas dishes and the bill only came out to $35 bucks. The service was stupendous so we left a big tip, very well deserved. Place attracts young crowd, very loud, and very lively. Great place to hang out with a group. Come with a big group and everyone can try a little bite of everyone's dish. It was nice to try so many different dishes rather than sticking to the conventional appetizer, entree, dessert. Womp, womp, womp. It was definitely a nice change! Dishes we enjoyed at Hawkers (approx. price included, more or less): Roti w/ curry sauce- $3 5 piece chicken wings-$5 Hawker's seasoned Fries- $3 Spring rolls w/ shrimp- $5 Meatballs (favorites)- $5 Steak Slides- $6
We were first-timers but it definitely won't be our last time! We were able to preview reviews and pics on Yelp, so we pretty much knew what delicious foods we wanted to order without studying the menu! We were that excited! Upon entering, we admired the very open atmosphere, eclectic decor (lighting fixtures with burlap, seat cushions fashioned from jasmine rice sacks, etc.), and exposed brick. We were greeted promptly and seated immediately at a table for two. The server was extremely knowledgeable, engaging, patient, and kind. He introduced us to the concept of the restaurant and recommended dishes. He really made our dining experience top-notch!! We ordered the pan fried pot stickers, pork char siu, basil fried rice with shrimp, and the free edamame that you get upon checking in on Yelp! The food is brought to the table as it is prepared...everything is made to order. This means everything is hot and fresh, but may not necessarily arrive at your table all at the same time. But that's okay!  As dishes arrive, just start sharing and tasting!! Everything was delicious, hot, and tasty! The atmosphere is buzzing..... Busy and noisy... But we loved it!! This is the 2nd location. The flagship restaurant is in Orlando, FL!
"Thou Shalt Go Here" sayth the Lord.   Very creative, friendly atmosphere. Unique Asian fusion.  You have to order a Vietnamese Coffee (hot) after your meal, you will be left speechless. Its like Christmas in your mouth..   Go Hawkers!!
The following review was published under my byline in the Florida Times-Union on Thursday, April 17, 2014. This is an original, unabridged version of that review. If there's an epicenter of culinary disruption in Jacksonville these days, Park Street in Riverside might as well be sitting smack-dab on top of the fault line (with occasional shock waves from St. Johns Town Center and the Beaches). The proving ground for many non-mass-produced, mostly homegrown creative concepts in the River City imported a new microchain in February to Five Points. The original Hawkers Asian Street Fare, which launched in Orlando's Asian concept-thick Colonialtown district in 2011, expanded to the site of a former Asian restaurant at Park and Post streets in mid-February. In a nod to Five Points heritage, the vibe here is bustling, boisterous, even metallic (from the ubiquitous shiny stools adorning the L-shaped dining room). Original exposed brick walls, polished concrete floors and tall windows connect Hawkers seamlessly to its rough-around-the-edges environs. Soups, salads, stir fry, small plates and rice dishes dominate the menu, with lower price points to encourage sampling the many tasty numbers from China, Japan, Korea, Vietnam, Thailand and Malaysia. Other pan-Asian fast-casuals like Mandarin's Mama Fu's Asian House cover the basics, but adventurous types will love the deep dive this menu achieves. I knew I was safe with my dining partner, who was fresh from a voyage to Vietnam and Thailand. We began with an order and a half of Roti Canai ($3, $1.50 per additional roti), a must-have starter for your Hawkers tour. This Malay house-made flatbread has a croissant-like consistency and finger-licking flakiness, made spicy and edgy with its curry dipping sauce sidekick. I kept the dipping sauce dish close by my plate most of our dinner. The Green Papaya Salad ($5) features shredded fresh green papaya, carrots and basil tossed in a vinaigrette and finished with fried shallots and peanuts. It's light and pleasant but would be better with more basil in the shred. The Curry Hawker Meatballs (six for $5) are competent, curry-bathed and crispy. While the menu throws them a chili pepper icon that indicates "a little kick," these needed a bit more bite for this spiceaholic. We moved onto larger targets, starting with the Char Kway Teo ($8) stir-fry. Another product of Malaysia, this wide rice noodle dish is teeming with shrimp, chicken and tossed with bean sprouts and egg. It would be a plentiful, and pleasant, entrée for one. We got our Hawkers' Tacos stuffed with Five Spice Fish (two for $6.50), a mild-mannered, lightly seasoned protein that jumped alive with a squeeze from the adjacent lime wedge. Carnivores will crave the excellent, grilled Korean Bulgogi Steak, fresh from the grill and dressing up the Banh Mi Sliders (three for $6.50). You also can get this Vietnamese standard paired with roast duck, chicken satay, five-spice tofu or barbecue pork. You won't find desserts on Hawkers' menu, but our server was well versed in the options. My after-dinner choice, the Cinnamon Roti ($6), is a quesadilla-lookalike flatbread creation concealing cream cheese and cinnamon layers, flanked by a dollop of vanilla ice cream. If you believe the old adage that life is short and eat dessert first, start here. My partner's Royal Pairing ($5) is a ruddy-complexion durian and mangosteen custard that is beautiful to look at and deals a sweet and exotic bite. Hawkers pours 10 mostly local crafts on draft with a bountiful bottled collection to boot. Twelve sakes and 28 wine selections, most available by the glass, round out the bar offerings. Sundays also feature 2-for-1 mimosas. Hawkers is plating up a plethora of excellent eats that are shaking up this corner of Five Points without shaking down its patrons. I'll be back. Hawkers Asian Street Fare 1001 Park Street, Five Points (904) 508-0342 hawkersstreetfare.com Type of cuisine: Pan-Asian Hours: Monday-Thursday, 11 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Friday and Saturday, 11 a.m. to 11 p.m.; Sunday, noon to 10 p.m. Credit cards: All major accepted Bar service: Beer and wine Children's menu: No Catering: Yes Reservations accepted: No Price range: Salads, $5-5.50; small plates, $3-7; stir-fry and rice, $6-8.50; grill selections, $6-12, desserts, $5-6
Belda was our server. Very nice person and gave excellent service. Located in a nice spot
I love asian food.  Flavor explosions abound at Hawkers.  I'm happy to see duck on the menu in several forms (tacos, Bahn mi, noodles, soup, etc.).  It's nice to be able to eat duck without cooking at home.  We had roast duck sliders and the roast duck noodles.  We both enjoyed the flavors.  The sliders had the perfect amount of fillings and sauce for the bun size.  Bun was soft but held up well.  I'll be dreaming about this duck explosion until next time. We liked the ambiance.  It was just two of us and we sat at the high tops near the line.  We could hear each other fine but I could tell that other spots would be harder to have a conversation.  I don't think I would bring a group of people here because it would be too stressful. The roti canal is incredible.  You could smell and taste the butter. Mmmm.....  I wish I had some right now.  I wanted to eat the curry sauce with a spoon. They gave us the Korean kimchi fried rice on the house without us even asking.  Nice touch by our server.
This place is way overrated. Some dishes are good but most are crap. It is expensive and not filling. I don't understand why people rate it so highly I guess their tastes buds are broken. Seriously it is not worth it you will be disappointed at this price point. Just go to a Chinese take out restaurant it is significantly cheaper and tastes the same maybe even better.
Coconut curry shrimp is amazing! This place is always busy and there's no question why! Our server Alyssa was great. This was only my second visit but I've tried plenty on the menu and haven't been disappointed. I'll definitely be back!
This place is one of my absolute favorites. I come here frequently,  and always will, and will always recommend it. The price is always right. And our server, Belda, was awesome and a half. Thanks, Belda!
Five points is quickly becoming one of my favorite places. It has everything you want: shopping, groceries, good eats, dessert, movies, drinks, and even goodies for your puppy! Unfortunately, resultant of this smorgasbord is a lack of parking. Just make sure to time your travel with this in mind. Hawkers is an excellent addition to five points! It looks, feels, and sounds like you are on a bustling (but clean) street overseas or some China- or Korea- town in the states. They have an excellent local, Asian, and craft beer selection to begin your experience. Yes, this will be an experience. The waitstaff was friendly and excited about their product. They have every reason to be! I suggest trusting your waiter's recommendations. Just as everyone else here suggests, plan on sharing your food when coming to Hawkers. Let your curiosity get the best of you. Everyone should begin with the roti canai. It was incredible and worth getting extra. Imagine a pan fried crepe with curry sauce. So unique! I was thrilled with the zha jiang mian (don't ask me to pronounce). Warning: it's on the spicy side. Imagine the chicken concoction from a lettuce wrap, except served over noodles. It was perfect for this spicy loving girl. Everything on the menu looks incredible. I plan on coming back many times as it takes to try it all! Then wash, rinse, repeat.
Based on my most recent experience @ Hawkers Asian Street Fare, they have redeemed themselves.  My boyfriend & I had a flawless late lunch experience here last week.  The food was perfectly served, fresh and delicious!  We came on a Monday during off-peak hours and our server, Brandon, kindly made many recommendations and helped make it a great experience for us.   Since it was my boy's first time, I opted to do the ordering.  We had the Roti Canai with curry dipping sauce + one extra (of course), Chicken satay lettuce wraps (although I swear it was tofu, but no big deal), the Pad Thai, an order of Duck Tacos, a Thai tea and all of their wonderful little sauces to compliment.   We pretty much inhaled our meal with a little savoring in between.  Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed every bit of our meal with a little to-go box to take home. Unfortunately, we didn't have room for dessert but next time I will order that first. ;) All in all:  1) Fast & friendly service, 2) phenomenal food-- fresh and delicious, 3) atmosphere--always fun and relaxed, 4) menu--so much variety you won't get bored and will have to come eat here over and over again, and 5) a very good value--.our total bill with tip was $34.43.   I will definitely be back and when I do, I look forward to trying their improved  Siu Yoke, Banh Mi sliders and the Mango Sticky rice again.  Perhaps that will be my 5 Star review....
We were looking forward to coming to Hawkers especially since we LOVE the Orlando restaurant. If you have ever been to the Orlando flagship restaurant, you really would understand this rating. The dinner was fine. The service at this Jacksonville location was sub par. No refills on water or any of the drinks. They weren't even any orange slices in our water -- which is a memorable touch for this restaurant. The service really killed it for us -- not tentative, not quick, basically indifferent to our patronage.   The dessert was a true disappointment. We ordered the mango sticky rice, which is usually severed warm with fresh mangoes. The mangoes here were frozen, the rice was cold and stale. I don't think we will visit this location any time soon. They are a young restaurant and will need some time to sharpen up to the standards of their main location.
came to Hawker's for the pre-opening event for February's Yelp Elite event. LET ME TELL YOU NOW, this place has got to be on my top places in Jax. What a great way to be welcomed into the yelp elite with my first event at HAWKERS! We were served so many plates from the roti canal, duck,stir fry udon, and my favorite the Creme Brulee trio! Although I'm not a fan of duck, I did try it out and it was juicy! Got to try the thai ice tea, sooooo good! We came back to Hawkers a few times since the yelp event and everything I've had is just amazing. The Tom Yum soup is great especially when you're feeling under the weather and the sticky rice & mango dessert was just right. Everything I've come back, the service has been great and servers are attentive. It gets pretty busy since its fairly new and parking in Riverside can be tough. I usually try to head out earlier in the week and right after work to beat the dinner crowd. Good job Hawkers, you guys make me miss Asian street food from when I'm on vacay in asia!!
This place is AWESOME!!!  Since the restaurant has only been open for a short period of time the wait for a table of four was around 40 minutes (It was only like 20 minutes).   My wife and I ordered Roast Duck, Pot Stickers, Stir Fry Udon, Roti Canai, and Thai Chili Chicken Wings.  Everything was great!! Although, I wish I would have tried a hotter sauce for the wings!  I like my wings to have a kick and although the wings were delicious they weren't nearly spicy enough for me! The service here was awesome.  Our waitress (we all forgot to write it down- bad Yelpers) was extremely friendly and made sure to check on us throughout our meal!! The prices here are pretty reasonable, although if you aren't paying attention it will add up quickly, but at any rate the price is worth it!!!
Ive only had two things from here so far (my first trip), but I WILL be back! As I checked in on yelp, I got a free plate of edamame. "Oh, do I have to get an entree or drink first?" Nope. No strings attached; thats a good sign that they take pride enough in their food to let it speak for itself. Unsurprisingly, it was simple but deliscious. So very good. So I decided to get a dessert, and after the fascinating and exotic selections were read to my bff and I, we told our waitor to surprise us. He got the cinnamon roti and OH MY GOD it was hezven. Its like a healthier, more decadent version of cinnamon toast crunch, except instead of cereal they used crepes and icecream. Cant wait to eat here a million more times
Food is fantastic, but the wait is ridiculous!  Our waitress was very nice, and got all of our orders right, except for forgetting on thing, which we ended up being too full to eat anyway. My major complaint about this place is that the hostess stand is rather unorganized causing a longer wait time, and that the temperature in there is a problem.  They have fans going all over, but between the heat from the door opening constantly and the woks in the cook line, the AC can't keep up and it's got to be in the high 80s in there.
Just went to Hawkers in Jacksonville for the first time. We've been to the Orlando location before and thought it was great. One of our favorite spots in that area actually. The one here in Jax was somewhat disappointing... We started off with the roti bread and it was actually pretty good, but spicy. Too spicy for my wife. Then we had the pot stickers which were different than we expected...a thicker breading and completely different taste than normal, but ok overall. The spring rolls had absolutely no flavor nor did it's sauce. The Hawkers fries were pretty good, but it's literally just French fries and 5-spice seasoning. Then our second round...we got the bulgogi steak which was very tasty, but way overcooked and tough. A bit of a disappointment because it would have been great not so tough. The sesame noodles we ordered tasted like straight peanut butter. We told the waiter we really did not like it and he could care less. We also ordered the basil fried rice with chicken. When it came out it had good flavor, but one issue, they forgot the chicken. I told the waiter and he came back with boiled, stringy, garbage chicken. By that time the rice was not even hot. Even he mentioned the chicken didn't look right, and it was gross to look at much less eat. The waiter again could care less and didn't offer to take it off the bill. The pad Thai was good, but too much shrimp for me personally. It was supposed to be 50/50 chicken and shrimp but I would say there was 5x more shrimp than chicken. Anyways, I'm hoping it was just an off night since they are still new. We might give it a try someday down the road but at this point have no immediate desire to go back.
From the first bite, I was in love. Do yourself a huge favor and check this place out. Since I had a sneak peek before they opened, I wasn't sure of most of the dish names when we ordered pickup last week. Roti canai (the one I do know!), crispy pork belly, Tom Yum, and the fried udon noodles made their way home with us. And, it was just as amazing as before. Crispy pork belly is flat out amazingly sinful! Perfect little bites! Tom Yum has an awesome kick, full of veggies and just delicious. Roti Canai, omg.... with the curry sauce... omg. Do not miss out on this. Every time I pass Hawkers and see the inside rockin and a line of people walking in... I am so happy for them and beyond thrilled this amazing concept is just down the road from us. 5 stars.
Too hot, they need to upgrade their a.c as it does not work well. Florida is too hot to have a mediocre a.c system. We had to take our orders togo.
The food is really good. The portions are perfect and the wok fired lettuce is amazing.  Belda our server was super nice!
It's past 2 PM and they still had a 30-minute wait.  Luckily, we can sit at the bar with no wait time.  Everything we ordered was fantabulous!  The food was tasty and delicious.  The small plate servings were perfect for two to share. My girlfriend and I ordered the following: Roast Duck - Duck breast roasted to perfection and garnished with spring onions. Crispy Roast Pork - Siu yoke. Tender seasoned pork belly roasted to a crisp and served with hoisin dipping sauce. Chow Faan - Traditional Chinese fried rice with shrimp, char siu, chicken, onions and eggs. Stir Fry Udon - Thick udon noodles that are blenched, then stir fried with chicken, eggs and vegetables in a dark soy based sauce. Service was great too!  Our server was friendly and accommodating.
I could live in the kimchi fried rice. A good selection of vegetarian and vegan options, and very accommodating when it comes to changing a meat dish to a vegetarian one. The beer selection is awesome, and everything is so inexpensive! Also, the staff is super friendly, efficient, and attentive, making this my favorite restaurant by FAR in Jacksonville. Keep up the great work, Hawkers!
Interesting menu. Stir fry was amazing, and coconut curry shrimp was good too. Wait is very, very long though - more than an hour on a week night and two hours on a Friday/Saturday night. It's really loud and warm inside, not a great date night of you want to have an intimate dinner and conversation.
This is THE place to be!  Great location in five points... they always seem to be extremely busy, we attempted to eat here once but the wait was too long and we had another place to be, otherwise we would have so waited.  This time we asked what the wait was for the bar, she said... it's first come, first serve!  We were in!  Grabbed two seats at the end of the bar, two McKenzie Black Cherry Ale... yummo!  They ran out of this delightful stuff while we were there, what a shame!  BUT... they suggested we try the McKenzie seasonal, and that was off the chain delicous! It has a cinnamon taste, and the simple smell of it made it a pleasure to drink.  We had to stop at the store down the road to grab some for the house! I do believe anything that you order here is going to be great.  We ordered the Roti Canai, Steak Skewers and Crispy Roast Duck 'SIU Yoke' ... ooohhhhh mmmmyyyyy!  I can't even begin to tell you how yummi all of these are.  The staff is very nice and helpful.  They even explained why some of their equipment runs the way it does... kinda cool. We will be back, no doubt!  Do yourself a favor, and don't miss out! GO ALREADY!
Hawkers is a newer installation in this area and has become quite a hot spot for local crowds. There's good reason this place is so popular - the food is awesome! It's an 'Asian fusion' style joint but tapas are the key menu items here. At my table we tried a little of pretty much everything and quite honestly it was all fantastic. I particularly liked the roti which brought back great memories from childhood. The pork dumplings were especially tasty as well and later on gave me a terrible midnight craving which unfortunately couldn't be satisfied. The food isn't terribly overpriced like I expected it would be either. It fits in that 'moderate' price range quite nicely for yelp purposes. My only real complaint is an echo of what others have said - this place is way too freaking loud! I mean stampede-of-elephants-through-a-Metallica-concert loud. I could hardly hear a word that was said by my party, and we aren't quiet people. The sound is due to the extremely closely packed room (you're practically sitting on everyone else's lap) and nothing to dampen the sound. Opening a door or window might help, especially since it got quite steamy in there after a while (and not in the romantic way). It is certainly not a place you can just hang out with friends, at least if you like each other enough to converse. Unfortunately this sound problem made our waitress come across as a bit rude some she couldn't hear our orders or questions. I'd emphatically recommend the food here but you will probably want to keep your visit short and move outside to the beautiful park next door where you can hear yourself think.
We have been a big fan of Hawkers Asian Street Fare for a long time.  Every time we go to Orlando, Hawkers is a must-visit restaurant.  So when we heard that they are opening a location in Jacksonville, I was ecstatic and couldn't wait for them to open.  After long months of anxiously waiting for their opening, we finally got to try them on their opening day. We went for a late dinner, hoping we can get in on their official grand opening night.  We didn't have to wait long and got a two top after maybe 10 min or so.  Ying was our server and she was AMAZING... so cheerful and friendly.  First of all, she recognized us from Orlando when she greeted us.  She and several other servers came to Jacksonville to help open and train the staff here.  What a smart way to open a restaurant.  With their veteran staff helping out, I did not, at any time during the meal, feel that this was a new restaurant.  Instead, it felt like a well-oiled machine: the restaurant was crowded, but everything came out fast and empty plates were removed as soon as we were done eating. The restaurant decor and atmosphere are awesome.   With an open kitchen, you can choose to sit at the bar and watch the kitchen staff do their magic.  I'd definitely want to sit there next time.  We were sitting next to the window, which because it was a nice cool night, the windows were raised, so it was like sitting in a patio.  Very cool. We ordered some of our usual favorites (because there are just too many dishes to order with only two of us there): Roti canai (with extra roti), oriental jerk grilled wings, crispy pork belly, Malaysian prawn mee, beef bulgogi skewers, and curry meatballs.  We've tried so many Hawkers dishes and wish we could order more... well, we'll be back again and again.   Everything tasted awesome.  The roti canai, like other Yelpers said, is a must have.  I love their grilled wings and if you like a little kick without having to add on sauce yourself, oriental jerk (a dry rub) is awesome.  The beef bulgogi was so tender and flavorful.  If you like a little kick, the prawn mee noodle soup bowl is perfect for a chilly day. For dessert, we tried their cinnamon roti with ice cream, a sweet ending to a perfect meal.  The owner/manager also came to visit a few times.  Upon learning that we've been to their Orlando location, he asked if everything tasted as good as they were suppose to be,  "yes, yes they did!" We will be back soon.  And we will be bringing our friends and family members every visit because you just have to share good things!
So I've been to hawkers five times and now feel comfortable reviewing the place... Service--pretty good. The place is packed most of the time though so you cannot expect your server at your table every 5 minutes. That's ok by me. For the most part though, even when it's very busy, the service has been good and reliable. Food--I've tried lots of items and so far my favorite is the Roti Canai. It's a homemade bread with a curry dipping sauce and despite the simplicity it is DELICIOUS!  I'm not fond of the fact that an additional piece of bread is $1.50 (and you get just one to begin with). Just saying. Other than that....I've loved each of the stir fry and noodle dishes. Yum!! Spring salad was eh. Hawkers has beer and wine but no liquor. Lots of beer choices though both drafts and bottles. Overall, I really like this place and plan on becoming a regular. But, no matter what time of day it's always pretty busy...basically don't expect to not wait on a weekend night!...or most other nights as well! Thanks, Hawkers for joining the riverside scene!
From the first bite at the Elite sneak peek to the last sip of my Thai tea at lunch this past weekend, Hawkers is hitting the mark. Finally made it back in to Hawkers for lunch this past weekend with the hubby who wasn't able to make the event as my +1. We loved almost every bite. Remembering the Thai tea some of the Elites had ordered at the sneak peek, I wanted to give it a sip. I couldn't place the exact flavor, but it tasted almost like a cookie to me. Regardless of how they do it, it's magically delicious. For our starters we went with the Roti Canai and the Siu Yoke. I didn't think it was possible for anything to be better than I remembered, but oh was it! The crispy pork belly melted on your tongue and the meaty goodness left your tongue happy. (So much for No Meat March!) The roti canai was on point and the curry was packing a ton a flavor. For my 'entree' I went with the tofu bahn mi sliders. The tofu had a nice crust on it (which some places really can miss the mark on) and was a nice alternative. While the menu said it was using their special five spice blend, I could have had a little more flavor on it. Next time I know to ask for extra pickled veggies. They provided a nice layer of flavor and crush, just wanted more! We were full and going to pass on dessert. Until Joseph ran through the list. My husband's jaw dropped (literally) when he heard they had a durian creme brûlée as an option. For those of you that don't know, durian fruit is also known as 'stinky fruit'. It definitely has a very present odor to it. I didn't think it was stinky, but it wasn't exactly pleasant either. My husband loves odd things, so I just went with it. The creme brûlée was unfortunately disappointing. It was extremely loose and not firm like you expect with the dessert. And the sugar wasn't really crystallized on top as expected. When the manager (who had been dropping food off at our table all afternoon) stopped by and asked how our meal had been, we mentioned the disappointing brûlée and he appreciated the feedback. We noticed him testing a batch in the kitchen and he came out to let us know the same thing happened to him and happily agreed to take it off the bill. Five star service for sure! Even though one dish may have missed the mark, their savory dishes are all winners. We will be back for sure.
Been to Hawkers 3 times this month, food has been pretty good. Basically asian tapas w/above average Chinese (southeast asia) buffet foods. Servers are friendly & fast & theres a good selection of beers. But this being said I won't be going back to Hawkers at least until the temperature cools down considerably.  All 3 times I've been its been in the upper 90's outside.  Sadly the temperature felt pretty close to the same inside.  I sweated through all 3 occasions. Fix AC or give out free beers.
Holy fecal matter! This place is twin-turbo hella-wicked off-the-chain real deal Holyfield rock your socks off, boss! Erik was our server and guided us on our culinary cabaret-- local beers, roasted duck, fried dumplings, pork belly, egg rolls, duck curry noodles, spicy udon, mango sticky rice. It was as if he knew my body.   In all seriousness, this restaurant is very impressive. I'm told they have only been open for a few days. You would never know since they are firing on all cylinders and pumping our fantastic food and service. The decor and menu are inspired-- the repurposed woks for the overhead lighting and bathroom sinks have an especially charming touch. I am only in town for a few more days, but may go back again for seconds.
What a wonderful addition to Jacksonville, and especially to 5 Points. There's nothing else exactly like this in town and with such an expansive menu you can continue to go back and try new items. The atmosphere is hip, but casual, and comfortable. The entire facade is large windows, which will open when the weather warms up. DON'T MISS: roti canai. I've already been three times and this is must on each visit. You receive a bowl of spicy curry dipping sauce and a Malaysian flatbread (think thinner indian naan mixed with a crepe). Perfection. You can order additional roti, so make sure you get your own. The crispy pork "siu yoke" or crispy pork belly was another favorite. It's served with hoisin dipping sauce. WINNERS: tom yum soup, curry laksa soup, Cantonese ginger chicken, fish fillet with black bean sauce, stir fry udon noodles, Curry meatballs, BBQ pork "char siu" handheld bahn mi sandwiches and any of the desserts -- especially the trio of creme brulee (green tea, thai tea & Malaysian tea) with biscuit-like cookies. The pad thai was also very good and the roasted duck and spring onion Chinese small plate. SKIP: spring rolls (good but nothing special), basil fried rice (seemed to need something -- maybe a bit of salt?) Despite being crowded for dinner on a Friday night the noise level was manageable. Hawkers serves wine + draft beer and is available for take out (and will soon offer delivery). It is perfect for lunch or dinner and excellent for sharing. The staff is incredibly knowledgeable and sincere. Everyone seems passionate about being there, and about the food. I loved asking several servers for their favorite dish -- they all have different favorites for different well defined reasons. THUMBS UP!
Went today for lunch - good food, reasonable prices, fast service. I'm a fan! My husband and I tried the potstickers, the roti (delicious dipping sauce!), some fried noodles with green onions chicken and shrimp, and some egg rolls (just ok). The service was quick and friendly, the food was clearly fresh and well made, and the atmosphere was fun. We loved the huge beer list, too. We'll be back!
I've been wanting to try this place for a while and I'm happy I've finally gotten the chance! Let's run through the list of goodies me and my honey tried. (I can't believe we got all this, but hey, I wanted to try this restaurant tapas style and order many plates!) We ordered the pork belly, fried lettuce (I made a confused face, but it pairs well with the pork belly), and roti canai (which was 2 for the price of 1!) When you stop in before 6pm, there are happy hour specials where some small plates are $3 so that was nice. So the small plates that we tried were the dishes I previously mentioned. Other items from the menu that we ordered was the Yangzhou fried rice which had shrimp, pork, shrimp, and fried eggs (yummy); cod fish, chicken eggrolls (which I believe are also a part of the happy hour special), and last but not least, the coconut shrimp (which was a tad spicy and sweet which paired well). All in all, we really enjoyed the place. The only downside is no air conditioning! jeez I almost died eating all that hot (and fried) food. Also, so. many. flies.! Maybe if there was AC, there wouldn't be such a bug problem? Meh, besides that fact, the food was great! I'll come back again.
Hawkers is a great place to go for a quick lunch with perfectly portioned servings. Start with the Roti Canai. The flat bread is so flaky and buttery soft that it melts in your mouth. Definitely dip it in the curry sauce. Yummy! I personally love their duck. It is a rich and succulent cut of duck breast meat cooked to perfection with onions and scallions. The texture is melt in your mouth good. The Bulgogi skewers are delicious and you have to try the pork belly. Ugh. The pork belly is so sinfully good, especially if you like bacon and Lord knows I love bacon! Their portions are perfect for sharing or dining alone, so if you decide to spoil yourself with some yummy cuisine, alone or with friends, this is definitely a perfect place for you. Their service is great and I love being there. I know they are always trying to take care of me so I never feel out of place.
It was their official first day of business the day I went and it looked as though they had been open for a while. EVERY staff member that came across my path spoke and gave a genuine appreciation for the customers. It was so good I went back two days later with some coworkers who said they thoroughly enjoyed it. Now to the nitty gritty: Food: Over the past three days, I've ordered maybe a total of ten plates (to include soups). The calamari great (a little rich with flavor). What makes it even better is eating it without the sauce because the seasonings are perfect. I've never had pad thai before this place, and it was the worth trying twice (which I did). The chicken wings were so good I almost forgot to put the sauce on them. The roti was nicely buttered and the sauce was AMAZING. I can't find my receipt  to jot down all the plates I tried. BUT BUT BUT, my biggest recommendation if nothing else to for you to try the INCREDIBLE Vietnamese coffee. That was the best coffee I've had in a long time. Definitely worth trying. Environment This is a place you would want to either bring a date or a group of friends. It's a nice trendy restaurant that seems to be able to accommodate any occasion. Like I stated above, the staff is what added the extra star on to this review. I left feeling like I knew everyone that I interacted with from the host, to the busser and waiter/waitress. This would make for a nice place to go out with friends prior to going out and tearing up the mean streets of Jax. This place comes with my highest recommendation.
Mediocre Asian cuisine.  Probably won't be going back any time soon.
Hawkers is definitely a wonderful new and much needed addition to the Jacksonville area. My boss and I went for lunch and were delighted when each meal arrived. We ordered the fish tacos, Siu Yoke (pork belly), kimchi fried rice, stir fry udon, curry hawker meatballs and this delicious roti canai. The roti canai reminded me a lot of naan and it was awesome. The staff was extremely busy and brought an order of the roast duck to our table, which we hadn't ordered. I reluctantly (because it looked so darn good) told the waitress we didn't order it and she took it away. A few minutes later, she brought the roasted duck back and gave it to us as a complimentary dish. Best darn compliment I have received in a long time. The flavor was to die for and the duck was very juicy and tender. I can honestly say EVERYTHING we had was simply delish! I will definitely go back! This is one of those "Treat Yourself" spots, People.
We'll give it another try. Had the pork belly, some sort of BBQ pork, potstickers, fries and kimchi fried rice. Flavors not dissimilar to the pf changs frozen meals from the grocery store. Hipster exposed brick and Edison bulbs. Kudos on having purse hangers under the tables so my purse doesn't slide off the trendy industrial chairs. I enjoyed looking at the details of the newspaper-covered table. Our server seemed friendly and eager to assist.
An excellent experience from the moment we walked in the door. The open air atmosphere is perfect for the rapid fire fare.  When you sit down make sure to listen to your server, they won't lead you astray. Focus on the small plates. If you are unsure about Asian street fair ask for Mark, not only is he incredibly knowledgeable about the menu, but completely stoked on food. I will be back.
Ok this may be a long-winded review. I orginally went to Hawkers for a Yelp Elite event before they opened. If I wrote the review that night it would have been 5 stars. I was so impressed with the staff that night, with the general manager, and listening to the story of how Hawkers got started. We even got a tour of the kitchen. Being in food and a nazi about proper health procedures I was looking around like a hawk (not a hawker just a hawk) for something to be wrong. I was glad that I didn't see anything being mishandled and everything properly labeled. Thanks for the tour, you guys have something to be proud of. The main thing I love love about Hawkers is their location. Thank you for going to 5 Points! Not that 5 points wasn't great already but business go in and then they go out. I know that with you guys being there another business will be more likely to have better business, hey community! Woot! PLUS they did such an awesome job with the inside of this place. Such care was taken into the details of decor. I was very impressed. Why did I knock a star? I went there to eat two times after they opened. I love tapas and I totally understand how they work. The only problem is my husband and I got our order dead last when the other two groups we were with were already finished eating. Another problem, with so many food runners it was hard to have that personal touch to a conversation and when we had asked for specifications to our dishes, they didn't happen. We also got dishes we didn't order but were told to keep them because they already touched our table. (which is fine free food for us) then after I received a dish I had two other runners try to give me the same dish again. The knowledge lacked in some of the employees, unlike the night I went there with Yelp. BUT I know these are things that will work themselves out over time and hopefully the craziness will slow down just a little. The food is amazing though and that's what we all really care about right? My favorites, Pad Thai, Charkway Teo, Creme Brulee, Thai Iced Tea, and Roti canai.
Tried it for first time today (it's only been open for a week).  I had the Pad Thai ($8) and the Curry Coconut Shrimp ($6).  Both were amazing, especially for the very reasonable price. We had to wait for about 15 min but that was expected since it's the popular new place in town.  Service was great. Restaurant is nicely designed with a casual rustic vibe. I'd highly recommend it!
A lot of this food tastes frozen. It's clearly a chain. Our service was especially abysmal but I don't hold that against the whole place. Obsequious skinny dude gave us a long speech about how to share plates yadda yadda and then when we had a question (they so definitely poured the wrong wine) he was dismissive and condescending. Do not recommend.
I first came here because I heard through the grapevine that JAX FINALLY has a dim sum place. I was wrong. Although I was craving some traditional Sunday morning Dim Sum, I was pleasantly surprised by this new place that opened up in Five Points. After a 20 minute wait, we got seated and ordered a bunch of small dishes in addition to some personal noodles dishes (yum). We got some Roti Canai, Crispy Pork Belly, Asian Green Beans, Bulgogi and Roasted Duck Bahn Mi, Curry Laska, Char Kyaw Teo and Stir Fried Udon. Yes, we got a feast. Still in no comparison to NYC, I would say that this place is pretty good! Our favorite was the Roti Canai (make sure you order extra roti since the yummy sauce is just way too good to not finish!) Although I was expecting some actual meat in the curry sauce (as most places I've been to up North always has at least a potato and a piece of chicken), the flavor was outstanding. The rest of our dishes were good as well,  but I would say that the Roti Canai was the best. The Char Kyaw Teo wasn't bad either, although it did not have as much protein as you would like, just 3-4 small shrimp and a few slices of chicken. I'll definitely return next time and try some other new dishes!
The food and service are to live for! Healthy, delicious and pretty. Chris, my server, was the bomb-digity fo sho.
Checked this place out on opening night, and my boyfriend and I are quite impressed so far! We were seated right away, and immediately tended to for our drinks. For dinner, I tried the kimchi fried rice (minus the beef), and spring rolls. Right away, I appreciated their willingness to accommodate that request. My boyfriend tried the Hawker's delight. All of our food was very tasty, and accompanied by local Intuition beers on draft, always a yum! Our waiter was very friendly, knowledgeable, and accurate. Food came out hot and quickly. The laid back atmosphere and stylish decor were very enjoyable. I particularly love the way they designed the restaurant, so that most of the windows in the front can fold open completely, so that on a nice day, the whole place has a very airy and open feel. This place is going to do great things for the 5 Points / Riverside area, I'm looking forward to trying all of the things! My hope for the future is that they extend their hours. Their tapas-style servings would be PERFECT for those night-out-drinking munchies!
I love this place!! I love the idea of the small plates so you can share everything. I went here with a girlfriend on a Tuesday night and it was a 30 minute wait but that didn't bother me. We sat right next to the big open windows, which was awesome because it was a nice night :) Our server was so friendly and informative about the dishes. We started with black cherry cider, WHICH WAS DELISH! Our dinner included korean bulgogi kabobs, noodles, sirarcha chicken wings and an appetizer which I forgot the name of (it had a naan like bread with a curry dip). Everything was amazing. The korean bulgogi kabobs were very flavorful, however I wish I ordered a side of white rice to go with these. I did order some fried rice but the server forgot to put that in. I wasn't angry about it though :) The sirarcha chicken wings were awesome. They give you the option to get them grilled or breaded and we opted for grilled. The sauce came out on the side and it was very spicy but still so yummy. I am definitely coming back. I love the atmosphere, the decor and I can't wait to try dessert!
We drive over an hour to eat here and we love it! Remember when you come here it's a Tapas place and the servings are small (snack size)! It's about trying multiple dishes and they average 2-3 dishes per person! Monday through Friday 3-6pm is 1/2price appetizers and they have a special for every day of the week(not weekends)! It's a very fun place and the wait staff was great! I encourage you to try it!! Ask for Mark!! He was amazing!!
One word - Amazing! I was in town for Valentine's day weekend... another Elite Yelper - Amy - highly recommended to try this place out. So we went for dinner Saturday night. We got there at 745pm and OMG this place was packed!!! So we proceeded to the bar - of course - while we wait. Glad they had gluten free beer on tap - hard cider for him and I got Blackcherry. While we wait, We also ordered the roti canai- it's buttery flatbread and comes with very spicy curry sauce - so yummy! After an hour wait, we sat down and got greeted by friendly and attentive server. We ordered the infamous pork belly... Omg! Yes! Now I know what the fuss is all about- Delicious! We also ordered the Beef Bulgogi skewers. It comes in 3 or 6 skewers - we ordered the 3. The beef was tender and has a caramelized marinated sauce that's out of this world! We moved on to the duck - yes it's greasy and yes it awesome! The Lo Mein came in right after and we had it with the pork. We thought it couldn't get any better until the triple creme brûlée sample was right after our dinner. The plates are small like tapas which is a great way to sample different dishes. The service was attentive. I loved the Big woks used as lamps... The sound system was great I thought we had a live band playing LoL overall this place gets packed but it's well worth the wait and they serve great food!
Went here with a Free coupon and it was awesome. We also ordered The shrimp appetizer, spring rolls, and Cantonese chicken. They also had Cherry wheat bear which has been sooo hard for me to Find in this City!!  The only thing I didnt like about this place is the space. It feel so cramped walking in and out. I think I knocked some baby in the head walking out and I still feel bad about it.. I hope i didnt ;-( The same guy who gave us free coupons at the Moon beam bash was our waiter. He siad we were the first one's to use our coupons I guess no one noticed it was a Free meal. Ill be back Just for their noodle dishes.. oh and it super loud and Hot in here on a sunday. I guess that is good bec air conditioner would make the food cold.
This is a really cool place and when you go, pay attention to some of the details that went into the decor. The lights over the bar are connected with steel pipes, while the lights over some of the tables are placed inside inverted locks. The crowds have been pretty strong, so be prepared to wait, but the food warrants the crowds. The dishes are mostly tapas size and are meant to be shared, so feel free to order several dishes and plan on taking some bites from others orders too. Some of the food we tried included: Beef kabobs - good, not great, but good Duck Roast - by far the best dish we tried!! Char Kway Teo - very good dish Hawker Fries - the dipping sauce with it is amazing Spring Rolls - good, but not as good as the duck Edamame - I don't know who ordered this or why Beef Curry - really good Pad Thai - really really hot, but good Siu Yoke - another winner There are so many good dishes to try, you can feel comfortable trying new things. The wait staff is well suited to give you recommendations, so ask questions.
Everything here comes so quickly! We were looking for somewhere to take my daughter and this was it. Very casual atmosphere, very relaxed, and very popular. They had a fantastic sake list and I had the winter warrior which was super clean, very refreshing. For dinner, we had the duck which was great, the sui yoke which seemed a little over fried and slightly hard, the chao fan which my daughter gobbled up, and several other selections. The manager gave us surprise potstickers on the house! The only notable disappointment was the wonton soup. The broth was fantastic and the noodles superb, but the wonton themselves were all stuck together and were so over done that they were disintegrating. They took it off the bill but I'd been looking forward to a soup with the meal. Overall still a good experience though!
Celebrating end term finals & the start of summer we were ready for some adventure & something new. Hawkers was a place we all wanted to try! However, our excitement was quickly diminished when greeted with a table wait of 1 hour & 30 minutes. Sticking to our choice we waited with text messaging to alert us when table is ready. The atmosphere was great and decorated to match the playfulness of the mixed variety in their menu. The room was loud but one side wall was open to the sidewalk & open air which helped. The staff was friendly & knowledgable of their menu. But be prepared to have food arrive separately, delivered to the table as kitchen prepares each dish (not as a group order). The drink selections were plenty to pair with flavorful meal. I highly recommend Roti Canai for an appetizer. The small plate options were perfect for taste testing and sharing. We each ordered something different which allowed us to sample a hefty portion of the menu. Food was delicious and fun! Last dish to arrive was the Pad Thai and after we were halfway into our small plates. For dessert, just as your server. It will not be listed in the menu but they have it. Also, we mentioned a birthday celebrant in our group and our server brought a free dessert for her! Great fun with plenty of new and delicious food to enjoy. This place is a must try!
I had the stir fry udon, pad Thai, lettuce raps, and the crispy pork belly. Everything was perfect!
I was pleasantly surprised at this place. Their food is very good. I stuck to their more authentic dishes rather than their Asian fusion stuff, which I'm generally not a huge fan of. Our waiter Chris was simply fantastic. The only thing is the price... I mean $20/person for lunch is already high... Plus it's just Asian food which I'm just not used to paying much more than a quarter of that price for lunch, coming from LA. But I get it... It's a nice atmosphere and modern so you're paying for that.
okay i screwed up and put my review on other place. I went there tonight for dinner and have to say this place is a great change to add new flavors to Jacksonville's boring restaurants. Today was their second day and Douglas was a great server!  I even taught him a few things in Asian cuisine.   This place is in the perfect spot and anyone driving from highway to five points must see the energy of crowd's in here.  Tables kept turning over so that's a good sign for formula on what people want.   best tip: Go early and go with a few people!  Order many dishes to sample the amazing asian flavors.   Cantonese chicken was my favorite dish that reminded me of home cooking!   Thank you for opening and being hot place to go to!
Heard some good things about this place. Warning- this is a tapas style restaurant. Be prepared to share dishes and order a lot. I'm a pretty small person and had 2-3 items. Also the dishes come out as prepared, not all at once. So if you're not sharing, it could get awkward. We started off with the (free) edamame, get it spicy and with garlic! Had the roti canai which is a flaky, oily heaven on earth with a curry dipping sauce. Tried the Korean bulgogi sliders which were too tough and dry for my taste, was probably overcooked. The kimchi rice with steak is the bomb! Steak was perfectly prepared. The meatballs were pretty good, has the same curry sauce from the roti canai. For desert we had the cinnamon roti with ice cream, really good if you like cinnamon. Overall would recommend and will go back!
For the variety in asian street food and cuisine that Hawker's has to offer, it's great. But for the quality - it's just so-sol But hey, you got to introduce this food somehow! It's a great place to grab some food with friends and experience a bit of Asia, since it's very loud in there. But I wouldn't come here if I was craving authentic asian food.
I was in Jacksonville for work and this restaurant was recommended by a colleague. I went with 3 other guys and this was the best meal I have had in a long time. The portions are perfect and the prices are better! Beer selection is awesome. I can't say enough about the quality of this food!
I have eaten 40% of the items on the menu. All of them were fantastic! Roti Canai is a must try- very authentic Asian.
Come here any evening and there most likely will be a crowd here, for good reason!  I have been here several times now and Hawkers has the most interesting and delicious Asian food I have had to date in Jacksonville.  There are many small plate items on their menu and it is a lot of fun if you go here with a few people and try a variety of the dishes.  Also the food comes out as it is ready and not all at once so be prepared for this.  One of my favorite items is the five spice tofu, I had a hard core carnivore try this and she absolutely loved it!  If you don't want to wait for a table the counter seats usually open up quickest and I find it interesting to see all of the chefs cooking.  I have seen the windows all open on extremely hot days so this could be an issue for some people during our warmer months.  I think Hawkers is a great addition to the Five Points area.
SO good! great for family style eating, so definitely bring a group and get a bunch of different stuff to share! There is a great assortment of different styles of Asian food and so far everything I've tried is delicious. The siu yuk//fried pork belly is my favorite (though maybe not for everybody) and is pretty true to the stuff you can buy from the street vendors in China. There's also a good selection of beers and the place is always busy (I've never had to wait for a table though, but it makes the atmosphere fun and lively). Overall, one of my favorite Asian food places and really one of the only ones of its kind in Jax as far as I know. Definitely a place to check out!
This is a wonderful place, full of pleasant people and outstanding food.  The Beer selection is outstanding and heavily favors the local breweries. There are plenty of other options, including sake and wine, as well as non alcoholic fare.  This is not your typical restaurant, they encourage lingering.  You order small plates of food and sharing is encouraged.  They also encourage ordering as you go.  Food comes out quick and nothing waits to be served...so some will come out faster than others. We got 4 dishes for 2 people.  The Fried Green Beans were crispy with a VERY light batter, topped with a 'salsa' like relish of onions, hot peppers, sweet pepper.  I'd order these everytime!  The Edamane  was lightly, but flavor-fully seasoned and enough that we nibbled all lunch long.  We ordered the Bok Choy, which the only complaint was it was difficult to eat with chopsticks, but it was very good.  The best was our Cod in black bean sauce.  6-7 large bites of cod, in a light cornstarch coating, crispy on the outside and luscious on the inside.  I will get the fish again. Our server, Jill was very knowledgeable and attentive.  The kitchen is open and it was a good sign to see the chefs smiling and joking.  Happy chefs make happy food.  The ambiance is fantastic, I'd sit on a nice day on the side where the windows open, offering a brilliant view of the duck pond across the street. Desserts are outstanding.  We opted for a creme brulee trio, all asian inspired flavors like green tea and red bean.  But the surprise was a Durian based custard.  I have read and seen a lot about this eastern fruit, but never here in Jacksonville.  Being adventurous, we had to try it.  All I can say is it reminded me of a malty caramel with a date-ish flavor.  It did not have a horrid smell, but I assume that is from the transformation of the fruit.  It was so good, I will order this again.   This is a fun experience and would be perfect with a larger group so you can sample more.  There are plenty of vegan and vegetarian options, but plenty for meat eaters too.  Take your time with the menu and  nibble away!
I was told about Hawkers, but forgot until we stopped by five points for antiquing. The ambiance is a fun mix of modern and street fare: woks used for the light fixtures and wood cooking stoves. The menus introduce you to the food and to the culture of Asian street vendors which is cool and there's a large drink menu. The food was good but not fantastic. The roti was my favorite, crispy with moist chewy inside and spicy curry dip. The pad thai was spicy but disappointing in its flavor because it lacked a deep dynamic. My husband loved his pan fried pot stickers. Overall it's worth the visit.
My experience here was wonderful! Everything we ordered was delicious. My fiance and I ordered about 6 tapas. Curry meatballs, chicken satay, dumplings, roti canai, curry coconut shrimp and black bean seared cod (the most amazing thing I've ever eaten). Each one was just enough and we were able to try so many things. We ordered the almond cheesecake for dessert which was heaven. They have a great beer list.  When our bill came we were pleasantly surprised at how inexpensive it was. I felt like we at like kings and queens. I can't wait to go back!
This place is amazing. Food is cooked to perfection! You must get the roti it is the best appetizer there! Service is great depending on who you get. The 2nd time I went there we had Garth. He is our favorite server by far!! Just went there for lunch today and had Donna. She wasn't good at all... Very inattentive and not engaging what so ever with us. She was also very slow... So be weary who you get!! All around it is a great place for sharing appetizers:)
I have been here twice already this week! The menu is super fresh and the portions are perfect for light lunches and sharing. Highly recommend this place! The roast duck, roti, and zhan jiang mien were fabulous! Our server John was courteous, knowledgeable and never let our water be empty.
I feel like every time I try Hawkers, I like it a little less. My third experience entailed: Stopping in to get some take out. We were immediately directed to the bar. As we noticed it wasn't that busy, we decided to eat in. The girl handling the take out orders asked us if we were eating in, and we said we were. She took our drink orders, and then informed us they were out of sweet tea. OK. We get waters, and we go ahead and place our order. We know what we want, so we order everything at once. Then we wait. And wait. and continue to wait. For 30 minutes, without any food in front of us. And sadly for us, we're in full view of the kitchen, where we see multiple people texting, setting their phone of the food prep counters, eating in the kitchen, and one pleasant gentleman who I assume was off the clock who continued to throw coasters at our server until he decided to leave. After 40 minutes, our server arrives with a takeout bag full of food. As you can imagine, I was fairly disappointed. We took the food, paid, and left. Of course everything was cold when we got home. I don't think we're going to be going to Hawkers for a little while.
Straight-forward, tasty food
Great food, service, and prices well! If You're thinking about going somewhere else, DONT! Riva was our waitress, and she was amazing. My glass was never empty, and the order was perfect and quick.
As an out-of-towner, I enjoyed this place. Very busy place with tasty food and a neat atmosphere. I had a bit of a hangover when I are there, so I can't be as descriptive as I normally would in regards to food reviews, though it seems to me that most of the portions are fairly small in that if you tend to eat more you should expect to pay over $10, whereas if you eat less like me $6-7 is closer to the amount you'll spend.
5-Points has a great little addition to the neighborhood. We had a great experience, late Sunday afternoon. It is a hip little place with quite the array of choices on the menu, served in a tapas style. They have only been open a day or so.We had hits and misses this first time out. Hits were the meatballs, the roti canai and the chicken curry bowl. The curry bowl was spicy, but I do love me some spicy. Great flavors from these dishes. Misses were the summer rolls, Asian fried green beans and banh mi fish sliders. They all looked beautiful, but the flavor train has not arrived at the station yet. Service was good. I do like the way the dishes come out to you....as they are prepared, rather than all at once. With such a large array of menu items to choose from, I will will be back soon, I assure you.
The food is actually not bad. It is fresh and it's still hot when it gets to the table. I had it for the first time and my first experience is not bad. The service was quick and we got seated fast and didn't have to wait long. The prices are pretty decent I didn't think it was that pricy. The food was good. Cons- parking it is a little difficult to get good parking.
So like a thief in the night I have been sitting back in waiting. Waiting for the perfect time to visit Hawkers. That time was yesterday and I am so glad I went. I have been hearing from friends, foodies & chefs. It was about time I visited one of the new hot spots in Riverside. First of all, I love the location. Riverside, Five Points area is one of my favorites in Jacksonville. I have always loved corner style restaurants. You can see the park from Riverside Park as you relax on a beautiful day. The restaurant is real nice looking. I love how the windows on the Park St. side of the restaurant open up. Gives you that vibe of sitting street side. Now with that if you are expecting to sit down in a nice cool restaurant, not going to happen. If it's warm out, the restaurant is going to be warm. Doesn't bother me at all. To me it adds to that street fare vibe. The restaurant, when busy has that noise to it. To me it's good noise. The type of noise to let you know people are having a good time and loving every minute of their time at Hawkers. As a fellow chef, I love the open style kitchen. I love the Wok style light fixtures all around the restaurant. Plus they have what seem like old fire hoses that they use for light fixtures near the kitchen and bar. Being our first time at Hawkers, we decided to go with a bunch of small plates (tapas style). Seven small plates to be exact. When ordering a bunch of food at once, they bring it to your table as soon as it is ready, which I really like. We started with the Roast Duck, BBQ Pork "Char Siu" and the Pot Stickers (steamed). You really can't go wrong with any of these three. The pork was tender, very flavorful and not to sweet. If you are not a big fan of duck, the Roast Duck will change your mind. Was never a major dumpling eater, but the Pot stickers were very, very good. I am now a fan! When you check in Yelp and show the owner or your waitress. You get a free order of Edamame. To me they were okay. I have never eaten them before. Certain restaurants I have worked at we made them for customers but I never found the appeal. Not saying these weren't good. I don't have much of a Edamame history to fall back on. But people have said they like them, so I will leave it at that. From there we tried the Cantonese Ginger Chicken, Roti Canai & the Chicken Egg Rolls. The ginger chicken might not look appealing, but its very good. It's all in the ginger/spring onion mix. Lots of flavor and goes well with the chicken breast. Egg rolls were really crispy and the duck sauce the accompanies it was good on its own. A major star on their menu is their Roti. Being in the military I traveled to places that had some fantastic Roti. Hawkers does a really good job with theirs. I mean really good & the Spicy Curry sauce that comes with it is amazing. If you are not a beer drinker like me, they have some good ciders. I chose the Angry Orchard Crisp Apple Cider. Really good, found something new to like. The Thai Iced Tea is also an addictive item on their menu. I could have Thai Iced tea & Roti all day. Would never hear me complain. All in all a great first visit. Jennifer our server, was very very helpful and patient. She broke down the menu and put us on to the Roti. She definitely did her job, 10x times over. We will definitely be back. There are more things we want to try and we hope our next visit is just as good as our first. Nothing but big things upcoming for Hawkers.
I only have three words for this chic tapas place Excellent,  Extraordinaire and Exciting.
Great people. Friendly service. The food is to die for. The staff is highly educated with the menu. I'll for sure recommend this place.
This place is awesome the steak skewers had an Excellent  taste.  Ask for Garth not Brooks.  If you want oriental street keep it real food this is the place to go.  Also try the steak lettuce wraps and the Pad Thai.  These are small plates for sharing food with friends.  My recommendation  is go to this place you will love it.  Say William recommended it!!!!
Came for dinner at sat at the bar. Beaux was an awesome bartender and recommended some amazing beers. Pot stickers, pad Thai and edamame were all great and you can get a few plates to share for a reasonable price.
It's evening time and the sun is in my face. Consider that when being seated.  Otherwise the food was really great.  I loved the small portions and flavorful options.  The server was more than willing to help us find the best combination of items to order. Great to have another good place to go in Five Points.
I was there yesterday with my best friend and it was great only thing is we waited for abt 25 mins for our food and got a free entree and the manager said it was on her since we waited too long, my friend and I were a bit surprised at that but it was a good surprise
**************  REVIEW #600  ************** Since we had our Elite Event here a little over a month ago, I have been dying to go back!  Hubby and I finally had the opportunity a few days ago and we went with a couple of other Yeeps who were in town from Orlando. Let's just start from the beginning, shall we?.... Now this place has been really hopping since it opened 5 weeks ago and has been the talk of the town!  For good reason too!  I knew when we decided to go here we were going to have a wait because of it's popularity.  When we walked in, we were greeted by a smiling hostess.  She took our name and told us there would be about a 40 minute wait.  No problem!  We were more than willing to wait!  Now here's the really cool thing...  we didn't get handed one of those buzzers thingies.  She took my cell phone number so they could text me when our table was ready.  How totally cool is that?!  Love, love love it!!  Since there was going to be a 40 minute wait and I had my cell phone in hand, we decided to walk down the street a bit and have a drink at a little bar.  The boys were nursing their beers while we girls chatted it up.  Not 20 minutes later, I got the text on my cell that our table was ready.  Nice!  Since the boys thought we had more time, they then had to have a contest to see who could chug their beer down the fastest!  LOL We made our way quickly back to the restaurant and were seated.  We had the most fabulous server (darnit, darnit, darnit.... I can't for the life of me remember her name).  She stayed on top of everything during our entire meal.  She was uber busy, but she made sure our drinks were filled at all times; we never once had to ask for a refill.  She checked on us often and made sure to ask how we liked everything.  I can't sing her praises enough! Hubby and I ordered the Roti Canai, Roast Duck, Stir Fry Udon, Pot Stickers, and Thai Chili Chicken Wings.  I'm one of those annoying picky people who doesn't like veggies or bean sprouts.  They were more than happy to fulfill my request of leaving those items out of the Udon.  Everything we had was super yummy!  I just couldn't get enough and I can't pick a favourite from what we ordered.  It was all *that* wonderful!   The only downside was, even though I was stuffed, I really wanted the Creme Brulee Trio and they were all out for the evening.  *pout*  We tried the trio at the Elite Event and it was SO good; I was dying to have it again.  But that's ok, because there WILL be a next time!   We were there just 3 nights ago and I'm already dying to go back again! Hawkers, you are amazing and I'm so thrilled to have you in jacksonville!  We're lucky, lucky, lucky to have y'all!
I finally got to eat  at Hawkers for the early bird special! I am now completely in love and want to eat here everyday! The food was fresh and arrived to our table fast. We tried the steak lettuce wraps, pad thai, spring rolls. Everything was delicious. Our server made many suggestions and gave the best service!!  I will be a regular.
Hawkers is a really fun place to grab a bite with friends or even a date maybe..its a hip little place in riverside with AWESOME food..i really liked the curry meatballs and the shrimp appetizer..there is also something called roti that is a specialty and you HAVE TO try it..they have a really good selection of beers also..i really like how they serve the food as soon as it is finished cooking, not waiting to have all the dishes done to come out at once..this made it really fun for my friends and i to share a few different things together
Excellent and Allison is a GREAT server!!  Highly recommend for anyone looking for a fun atmosphere and delicious fare!
Great food, great location, great service and great atmosphere.  John was our server, he was awesome, knew about all the menu items made suggestions and we were not disappointed.  Have to try the Thai tea, very yummy!! Can't wait to go back
I've been to Hawkers at least 5 times now and every time I try to order something different . Everything I've tried as been delicious so far  . My favorite and the one thing I order to eat there or to take home every time is the Tom Yum soup it's a spicy version on a fresh veggie soup with tomato broth  . Also anything that has their curry sauce on it is delicious . The calamari is very tasty with their signature 5 spice seasoning. Make sure you come with a group of friends so you can order different things and pass them around the table to try . Don't for get to try the Thai tea it's amazing !!
Visited here for lunch with my son and his girlfriend. It was very crowded on a SundayI had the roti canai and the spring salad. The salad was just meh. The roti canai was very good although it was a bit on the greasy side. My son and his gf had the dumplings and some type of sliders. They both love this place. The service was good and relatively fast. It is very loud inside and on the warm side as the windows were open. Not sure if I would go back. It seems to be a hot spot for the younger people in the area.
Food was great had the Pad Thai noodles had a super nice kick to it. Spring Rolls awesomeness... and hubby had the duck and loved it. Do recommend fun place modern decor.  Loved the wok lamps.
I attended a sneak peek opening of Hawkers back in February and got to sample anything on the menu which was right up my alley.   Scenery means a lot to me when I'm dining in and the atmosphere was very hip.  The menu is massive! There were so many things I wanted to try but since I didn't have anyone to share with, (which is highly encouraged here),  I didn't want to look like a complete pig .......came close though lol.   Here's what I got and no, I didn't eat all of it in one sitting! Coconut Curry Shrimp:  These were pretty good!  I wasn't crazy about the curry dipping sauce so I asked for some thai chili sauce as a substitute and it complimented the shrimp well. Asian Fried Green Beans:  I loved these!  It's the kind of dish that you find yourself dipping into repeatedly but there's no guilt because they're green beans.  The five spice flavoring is great! Vegetarian Spring Rolls:  Whenever I eat anything Asian, I feel the need to order spring rolls or egg rolls.  These were ok.  The dipping sauce was missing a little something that I can't quite put my finger on that probably would've made them pop a little more. Malaysian Satay Chicken Skewers:  These were pretty good.  I enjoyed the seasoning and eating them with the red onion and cucumber that garnished the plate..don't judge me lol! Chow Fuun:  This fried rice came with shrimp and chicken and it was delicious!  Especially with a little Thai Chili Sauce drizzled over it!  YUM! Honey Sriracha Wings:  These bad boys were spicy but I love a little kick to my food!   As I was getting ready to leave, a really nice couple insisted that I try the Roti Canai, this Malaysian flat bread that resembles a tortilla and boy am I sooooooo happy I did!!!  If I had this for every meal of the day I would not complain.  It was that good.  It came with the curry dipping sauce but plain was just how I liked it!   I think Hawkers is a great addition to the 5 points area and I really enjoyed my dining experience!  The atmosphere was great, the servers and bartenders were awesome, the service was quick and efficient, and the food was wonderful!  I definitely look forward to visiting again! Full review and pics highheelsgoodmeals.blogs…
If you're looking for something good and affordable to eat, this is the place. They are known for their small plate dishes, so go with a friend and order alot, because there are so many good choices to try. Be sure to order the roti canai, never a disappointment. The service was quick and the waitress very nice. Overall a great experience and a great environment for friends and family.
Wow. Dramatic turn for the worse. Takeout a few weeks ago was all wrong and I got attitude from the bartender when I asked if it would be possible to get what I ordered...short version:no, I must not have been clear enough on phone. Ugh. Should have taken that as a sign of what was to come. But, with a hopeful heart we went back last night looking for that great experience we had the first time, instead it was the nail in the coffin. They were inexplicably doing bar inventory during dinner service?  This alone is a management decision that demonstrates heights of stupidity. To replace the awesome team they had helping to open the restaurant, they seem to have hired the dregs of every restaurant that has failed recently-we recognized one from a similarly awful experience at a different place. He was walking around holding some opened beers for customers by the mouth of the bottle- we watched him pour them into glasses before serving. Gross.  Health violation, anyone? Our waitress was dreadful, and frankly a witch to boot.  She never once checked on us after we ordered.  When I asked for the check she literally walked right by me as I was speaking, I had to wave my hands to even get her attention. She tried to charge us for 2 rounds of drinks, and when I called her out on it (she had only spoken to us twice, never checked up after taking food order. Had she ever offered a second round, we would have ordered, but nope.  She sucks at her job.) She got an attitude and literally said nothing when she handed my boyfriend the check, or after he paid.  That was unbelievably rude.   She also didn't ask how any of our food was- btw- it was all terrible. 6 things and the only thing that was passable was the Roti, which she overcharged us for by adding extra bread to the bill that never was ordered and never came out. Also, lettuce wraps should come with a wrap-able lettuce, NOT white chunks of iceberg.  The chicken skewers were deep fried, not marinated, and were godawful chunks of fat on a skewer-no real meat.  And never- ever- order the crispy pork. Flavorless chucks of fat-on pork rinds. Shudder. Sad to see it go this far downhill.
We went on a busy Saturday night and had about a 45 minute wait. There was room at the bar to get a cocktail (or we could have ordered there but wanted to wait for a table).  The atmosphere was fun in that they had big windows out front they had open. They had a large selection of draft and bottled beer as well as cider, wine, and sake. We ordered the Edamame (we got it free with the Yelp check in and ordered it spicy garlic, delicious and had a grilled flavor), Hong Kong Wonton Soup (delicious, but the shrimp wantons were fishy tasting), the Curry Duck Noodles (good/spicy), Duck Tacos (good, sauce served on the side was delicious), Roti Canai (delicious/spicy, but weird how you only get 1 roti and are charged more for additional), and the Summer Rolls with duck (boring). Basically they use duck in everything instead of chicken... and our table ordered way too much duck. Be advised that we found bones in about half of our duck, so be careful when you're eating. There were more items on the menu that looked good so we may go back and try some other things. Not 5 stars because: 1. Your food comes out at different times -- seemingly randomly. 2. We had three different things brought to our table that we did not order, we accidentally took one (Duck noodle soup, not delicious). The tables on either side of us were having the same problem. 3. Very loud. 4. Bones in half of the things we ate with duck. Lots of duck skin showed up also... weird.
Went for the first time today for lunch ... in between lunch and dinner hours ... very quiet (due to my time) ... Greeted and sat quickly ... My waiter was named Brad.  He was excellent.  He was very helpful with the menu since it was my first visit.  He was very attentive throughout lunch. My food was amazing!  Loved the food ... loved the selections ... did not like the overall price for lunch - kind of expensive.
Came here for the first time and the waiter explained the menu to me!  Awesome!  Service was very fast.  I needed a fork for putting lemon in my water and it took less than a minute for our waiter to get back to me.   Very nice atmosphere. Amazing food.    Overall definitely a place I'm coming back to.
The owner reached out to me after my last review and was very concerned, sincere, and professional. They offered us a certificate to return which was very nice. We gave it another chance last night and it was better than our first visit. The cleanliness definitely improved. It was jam packed and had a great scene. We waited 35 minutes for a table and they texted us when it was ready. Our server was knowledgeable and helpful. I am not a spicy food fan but nothing we ordered was spicy even if the menu notated it would be. The food was generally sweet and/or bland. The bread is to die for and I recommend getting it with a dark teriyaki-like sauce which the server recommended. Jasmine checked on us a few times during the visit and was friendly. I noticed a lot of team work and efficiency. Our only complaint was it was unbearably hot. We left in a hurry for this reason. The server said they just spent a fortune on a/c and were aware of the issue but she mentioned it was definitely a problem and must not be working properly. When we walked outside it was 85 degrees, inside the restaurant it was probably closer to 90 degrees and hotter than outside. My husband was drenched afterwards! Our sake was served in metal sauce containers because they were out of sake cups. But all in all, I think they are headed in the right direction and improving. I love the variety of lots of asian cuisine on the menu. Great prices as well.
They are open and they are that good. I have been twice now and Cari an Matt beat me to their opening today. Their were first ones in when they opened. So I catch them finishing lunch and then here comes another couple of Yelpers too. So the food is so way over awesome I think I need a Webster dictionary to describe it. I had the start with another round of roti canai. Then moved onto the Beef Haw Fun which is a stir fried dish with some super tender marinated beef. Then back to the faithful Char Kway Teo which is another noodle dish but this is more complex. The flavor are so deep and the eggs add almost a sweetness to the dish. The whole experience  is killer and this place will pack out quick. So if you are like me you will march on down. I'll be back tonight after work. Oh yea they are open and serving late for us restaurant industry workers. HAWKers
