average Craft beer draft is 5 bucks for a 14oz pint (shaker glass not a true pint). Food price entree wise range from 8 to 20 bucks with most around 10 dollars, but you get what you pay for. For beer selection its the best in town period. I cannot rate it higher than just OK for many reasons. First the manager is a nice guy a tad weird but nice. The actual bar part is a joke its 4 seats and all taps, you have to duck under to find a bartender. we been 4 times. The is lots of other seating. The only reason to go in is the beer. They have 60 taps and they say they are going to 80 taps, where they will put them is a big question. They have a nice bottle selection also, but beware of the prices, some can be quite a BAD deal. OK on the plus side, they are open nearly 24/7, they have trivia, and live music, I not seen a juke box you can play your own music on, but they have music during the daytime when no band is playing, lots of TVs. The bad things, well parking sucks BIG TIME. But its Riverside. The place is a tad dirty and cramped and the seats hurt. The service can be slow and lucky now days they got a big board with all the draft beer listed so you don't have to ask the clueless wait staff about a beer. Food is hit or miss mainly miss. The appetizers seem to be the best. we had the fish and chips, terrible!!! the wife had a chicken wrap that was terrible. But I had shrimp and some egg rolls that were decent. The got a retro menu also. Going to be interesting to see if they will make it here for much longer if you ask me.
Beer Lovers rejoice! Kickbacks is here! While attending a concert at a local establishment, my girlfriend and I had a few hours to kill, and were looking for a bar to stop and have a few drinks. Thankfully, my Android comes equipped with the Yelp app, and after checking out a few different bars / clubs, I read the reviews for Kickbacks, and they led me to this awesome building of beer-drinking pleasure. I was pleasantly surprised to show up around 6 pm on a Saturday, and find the place full, but not overly packed, and we were able to grab a table. Parking was a bit of a hassle, as there are quite a few different restaurants and bars in the area, so you may have to look to the side streets to find a place to park, however it is all well worth it. Kickbacks has lots of different tables, and also a bar with a few barstools if you're by yourself. Lots of bigscreen TV's are hanging from the walls, allowing you to check out all the different sporting events, or whatever the big show on is at the moment. I noticed a lot of couples eating and drinking, but also quite a few families indulging in a big dinner while the parents had some drinks. It was a pretty fun atmosphere for everyone involved, I enjoyed the fact that I could drink a beer, eat some food, and watch the game, and it was nice for the families that there weren't a bunch of drunk idiots screaming obscenities and ruining everyone's fun. There are quite a lot of different choices as far as the food goes. Lots of great appetizers, plus the standard bar food in burgers, wings, fried goodies, and even some more off-the-wall stuff that looked pretty tasty. The beer selection is what makes Kickbacks the great place it is, though. Look towards the ceiling, and notice the hundreds of different beer taps hanging down, showering you with delicious good vibes. The beers on tap are located on a large section of the wall, and it is very impressive. They offer up lots of different samplers if you're looking to try something new. The bottled beer selection is also pretty impressive, although why you'd drink beer out of a bottle instead of a draft when you're at a place like this is beyond me! No way you can go to a place like this and not have something delicious, both beverage and food. Throw in great, friendly service, and you've got yourself one hum-dinger of a bar / restaurant / good-time emporium. Wish I lived closer to this place, I would definitely be in weekly, although I will definitely make the trip from St. Augustine every once in a while to enjoy more of Kickbacks. HOORAY BEER!
This place is a dive . But that is a good thing. The food was excellent . Hug portions . The waitresses are great. Beer selection is endless . Will I go again , Hell yah.
Great place! Tons of beers with knowledgeable staff to help guide you. Food was very good as well.
Like everyone else has said, this place is fantastic.  The beer selection alone is incredible.  I recommend the tangerine pale ale, but they have so many beers and they rotate so much, that my personal beer preference probably doesn't matter all that much.   I think the food isn't incredible, but it's reasonable for a bar.  As for ambiance, it's a pretty cool, and as a nice perk, it's one of the few places that offers Sunday Ticket and all the college games, as well. Love this place and highly recommend it!
Good atmosphere (one time I caught live music that was really good), good food (I'm a fan of the quesadilla dipped in queso), good service. Haven't been since I turned 21 so I can't speak to the drinks but they have a huge selection. It's kind of a walk to your car but it's pretty well lit. My friend that brought me is a vegetarian and there is a lot for her to eat here too. A MUCH better choice than your other late night choices in Jacksonville.
As you can see, I went from 4 stars down to 3 stars. Keep in mind, for me, that still means I will go back and recommend Kickbacks to my friends. But.....the quality of the food has taken a nose dive. This places still rocks if you want to drink beer. Best selection and high quality.
This is a great bar with a huge beer selection.  I would classify it under "hipster" and I think the crowd would agree.  I haven't tried the food here, although I want to.  We stopped in for drinks several times while on that side of town and it is always been very crowded.  They also have trivia via TV if you like to play.  If not, there is lots of people watching to take part in!!
I've been here a few times and I have mixed feelings. This place is always crowded, and very loud but it seems to have a fun atmosephere and if you are a beer lover, they have an expanded menu of anything you can think of. If you come at a popular time, and expect a wait before you see a hostess, then expect a wait for a seat. Then expect to wait to see a waitress. Then expect a long wait if you order food. Generally though, they are pretty fast about refilling beers and getting drink orders in. The crowd of people that goes here is a mix between harmless hipster to the just plain sketchy. It's not my scene and I wouldn't go unless my friends chose to, but other than I have never had a bad time.
Been here a several times but if it wasn't for the atmosphere I wouldn't go. The food is highly inconsistent; they must have a full staff of cooks in the kitchen that are "want to be hotshot chefs" because it seems like they want to make their mark. They are always out of something and it seems like it's the one item I want that particular time. Cherish and make use of every time you see your server... If you don't don't worry, they'll be back in 20 minutes ofter they're done talking to their freeloading non-tipping friends. The only reason as to why they get 3 stars is because they deliver until 3am with a $15 minimum perches, a price I have yet to find a menu combination in which I fall remotely close to.
The beer menu is about the only reason I'd ever go back here.  The food we had was pretty sub par-quesodilla and my friend got breakfast food, and we waited over 90 minutes for an order of chicken wings before cancelling them-turns out the waitress hadnt even put IN the order until ohhh, about an hour after we placed it with her.  There were only about 20 people in the entire place, so it's not like they were busy, and she was kind of snippy about us cancelling the order, but after over an hour and drinking 5 more beers neither of us wanted to eat.
This is hands down my all time favorite hang out spot in jacksonville. If you like beer then this is your place. The list seems endless and the wait staff is extremely knowledgeable. The food is great and they have something for everyone. I'm a huge fan of their meatloaf, burgers, and wings. The atmosphere is the best in the city. It's usually crowded but I can still carry a conversation without having to yell. If you want to escape the crowds of unruly drunks that wander the streets of JAX beach then this place is right up your alley. One of the first things I noticed when I moved here was that the people were very rude, and segregated either by race or some stigma of social class, but I don't get that at all when I'm anywhere in the Riverside area. Here people are people and everyone is friendly.
I've been to this place, just a handful of times. But, I can say, each time was wroth it! The last time I went, I had the "grease trucks" sandwich and the mac n' cheese. I miss Jersey! =) There was a huge portion of both, so I took home leftovers. I must say, it was still good the next day AND that mac n' cheese has GOT to be THE BEST mac n' cheese I've ever tasted. EVER. ;9 Def want to go back for more!
Well if you don't like beer do not come here. I personally love this place, everytime im in town I come here. Over 80 beers on tap and 600 bottle. The wait staff is very helpful. Food is great,  I hate meatloaf but there version is delicious.
Went here for dinner & drinks last night. Impressive beer selection with 84 on tap, including seasonal ales. Servers were very knowledgable on drinks & had great recommendations. For dinner, we shared a friend green bean appetizer & I had a chicken panini with sweet potato fries. Food was hot & tasty! Overall, cool atmosphere, good service, great food! Will go again
Excellent food! They delivered at 1030 on a Sunday night when nothing else was open besides pizza and Chinese. I am going in next time to experience their vast beer selection.
TATER TOTS!!!! Also, service suffers when it's really busy. Great beer selection.
Unique twist on classics like mac n cheese. Awesome beer selection and atmosphere. Definitely one of Jacksonville's best spots.
I would not normally go into a place that looked like Kickbacks but man am I glad I finally did. The entrees are HUGE. There sandwich section might be the best I have seen in a while. I would go with the Jax cheese steak or the meatball sub. I think they do most of their business at night but they are a great lunch spot.
84 beers on tap, need I say more!
The foods there is great, sadly the service-not so much.
I would rate Kickbacks with 5 stars, but sometimes the wait is extremely long. This is because of the amount of business they do and the size of their kitchen. I also don't like that they re-heat thier mac-n-cheese in a microwave. That is my only complaints. Everyone who works there is extremely friendly and knowledgeable about beer. Give it a try, I recomend the breakfast burrito.
A great place to go and kick back. There I said it. The sweet potato fries are covered in powered sugar and have a cinnamon dipping spread. Mmmm. Did I mention the beer variety? But please, stop running out of Duke's Bold City.
Great beer selection! Hipster bar.
I love going here, the service is great( although im sure it depends on who you get cuz i did get someone once who wasnt all THAT great however the service is great)  the food is awesome, not to overpriced and my favorite thing by far is their baked macaroni and cheese. Its a weird layer of white and yellow cheese with backed cheese on top and bacon.... yum! i will drive 30 minutes just to get to this place. Its my favorite late night place to go to. I love their peppercorn steak and their fried mushrooms. I havent tried any of their beers because i dont like beer so it makes me wonder if i liked beer how much more could i love this place? Who cares the food is goooood!
The first thing we noticed about Kickbacks is that it was really busy for 4:30 on a Saturday afternoon, inside and out. The second thing is that it was REALLY loud.  We were pretty psyched about the beer list, which was unbelievably extensive.  The menu has a really wide variety.  However, some of the items are just kind of "meh..." The fries tasted like they were out of a bag, and our baked brie had a weird handful of dried fruit on the plate.  (OK, so maybe we shouldn't have ordered brie at a bar, but whatever...)  I had a veggie panini that was delicious, but WAY too big, with some onion rings that (again) tasted frozen.  My bf said that his french dip was great, though.  I think that to be fair, we'll have to check it out again.  Definitely check out their menu-Hamburger Helper, Ramen, and Spaghettio's?  It can't be all bad!
Great beer. Good food.  Get rid of all the hipsters and you get a 5. Oh and print a damn beer menu no one can read that crap on the wall!
Came here to watch football.  Called before hand to make sure they were playing the audio for the game.  I was told yes.  But when we got here and asked for the game we were treated like we were crazy.   Or waiter was pretentious and thought he was too cool to wait on us.  Was expecting a lot more.  Pretty disappointed.
Stunning list of beers. Yummy food. Love the battered French fries and brownie bites. I'd heard service was dreadful...but it was definitely very good tonight. Although the place was packed, our waiter was attentive and all the food delivered was steaming hot and delicious.
WOW!  The menu is extensive.  I really wasn't expecting so many choices.  Great atmosphere, great staff, excellent food.  We had the Fish and chips and couldn't believe the size of the entree as well as how yummy it was.  Definitely a top choice of where to eat in the neighborhood!
I'd spend a lot of time here if I lived in Jacksonville but I'll definitely be back on future visits.  Something like 80 taps plus good bar food, onion peels and jalapeno buttons were the choice de jour.  Lots of neat stuff on the walls and a bunch of taps on the ceiling.  Music wasn't too loud and was of decent quality.  Only bad thing was the menu was on the wall and you have to stand there like an idiot trying to read it; kind of awkward for the tables under the menu.
Our hunt for the best Burger in Jacksonville brought us to Kickbacks.  The rating on our blog gave them a 9 out of 10 because this place has one hell of a burger.  This burger was one of the tastiest burgers we reviewed so far.  This is actually the second time we went there because we didn't think they could wow us again and they did.  If you want one of the best burgers in Jacksonville you have to go there and try it out, you won't regret it.  I know I'm going back many more times to eat their burger.  Great job Kickbacks.  For a more detailed review visit us at burgergeeksblogspot.com and see some of the other reviews we done here in Jacksonville.
As good as it gets in Jacksonville. Good food, amazing selection of beer, a laid back atmosphere and a diverse crowd. What more could you want. I wish there were more places like this here.
Kickbacks is weird. It's a sports bar I think, but they call it a gastropub which is, you know, kind of uptown-y. But then their food is good. That's what I heard and I ate there once and just remember that it was good. But it's crazy, they have over 80 beers on tap. Like a legitimate place that's all about beer will pride themselves on 40 taps. So all I'm saying is that it's weird. You know those Skinner dairy buildings? Why doesn't someone just put 80 taps in one of those and put a bunch picnic tables and a bike rack outside? That was my aunt's idea.
Great place!  Food is great doesn't taste like its prepared at a packaging facility somewhere.  Best selection of beers in town, also a pretty professional staff who are know their beers well.  Great atmosphere.  If you do drink a few craft brews with dinner your wallet will feel it, their been prices are competitive though.
Hands down the best Gastropub in town. With a wide selection of beers on tap (over 80) and some of the best pub grubs you'll find anywhere in the city. Kickbacks is always a great choice if you want good food and good grub. I always bring my friends from out of town to KBs.
Best bar in Jax that is not at the beach.
Beer, beer, and more beer! Kickbacks was the original brew bar when I moved here over three years ago, and even with all the new breweries and hotspots popping up around King St, it still hasn't lost its appeal. Inside, you'll find an almost seizure-inducing decor made up of thousands of beer taps of every color imaginable. For this reason, I prefer to sit outside. You can people-watch and enjoy the night air far away from the crowded congested atmosphere indoors. Last time I was there, I had an absolutely delicious strawberry beer topped with Guinness, and it was one of my favorite combos ever. The menu is stacked with giant heapings of classics like meatloaf, mac n cheese, and a delicious chicken cheesy dip that is always winning post 2am. That's another great thing about Kickbacks, they're open til 3 so you can hang out and absorb your alcohol for an extra hour after the bars close. Woo hoo!
Always a good time, get there early to get a seat!
Awesome food. Tons of beer choices.
First visit and glad we did. Pub atmosphere with great food and 100's of beers. I had the Jake n Bake pasta & wife has the Chicken parm. Both dishes were cooked properly and great tasting. We will be back
This was great my first time.  Great place to drink, huge selection.  The food however has been getting less and less impressive each time i go.  I think i'll just drink there from now on.
our beers were incredible!!!..unfortunately our server (short hair gal) wasnt!!! she didnt even offer or suggested any beers to try and just had that look.. like we're from a different planet (this was our first time here).  she really need to chill out and stop acting like she's got a stick up her a**. i would have given 4 stars if it wasnt for the bad service.
Kickbacks is exactly what it sounds like... a place to kick back, relax, and enjoy some delicious food.  The restaurant has a little bit of something for everyone.  I get a different item every time I go and have continually been pleased with my dish.  The portions are HUGE, but that makes it even better because you can take some home and have it later.  They are open late at night and even deliver (if you live in the area).  They also have a great beer selection.  What more could you ask for?  I guess parking...
Pretty sure I could eat here like every day. Amazingly tasty food and a HUGE selection of beer, all in an awesome environment. I just wish there was even more room for more people and fun -- it can get crowded. Also, it's open all but like two hours in the day. Super helpful. Oh, and there's delivery. What more could you ask for?
Went there yesterday with a group from work. We had a blast!! I'm not a beer drinker but the pumpkin ale with the rimmed glass was great!! Service could not have been better. Had appetizer platter and more than enough food. The Creme brûlée cheesecake was awesome! Price was reasonable. This was my 2nd time eating there in the week. Stuffed burgers and mac& cheese also great!!
The beer selection is off the charts, the food is diverse and its all delicious, and the atmosphere and service are great! If you're ever in Jax, you have to try this place out!
Found this place after not being able to do the tour at Bold City brewery - and it totally made up for it.  Super friendly service, great food,and good size portions for sharing.  We went in just to get a bite, but ended up staying for almost two hours tasting the different beers and playing the trivia.  We will definitely be back.
This is one of the best beer bars in Florida, in fact the combination of great bar food and a huge rotating variety (I think 60 or more) drafts is rare in deed.  For example, Orlando or Tampa has nothing that compares to this.  The food is very good with numerous offerings on the menu. I had a kick ass Salmon Burger.  They have a good number of televisions so you can also catch some sports.  The only problem I had with the place is that the people that work there are kind of creepy unless you are going through the I am rebelling because daddy didn't give me enough love at home phase by piercing everywhere and tattooing my body. As repulsive as that look is the people are still nice and that is not what bothered me.  What bothered me was that one of these so called dudes was allowed to smoke in a non smoking bar.  He was smoking out of one of those new inventions some kind of electric smoker that puts out far less smoke than a cigarette but fools nobody.  The staff was all chummy this guy so I think he might have been a staff member who wasn't working.  Any kind of indoor smoke is lethal.  Don't present yourself as non smoking and allow trash smokers and expect return visits from those that breath in that crap.  To me it made the place seem dirty and I got a bad vibe.  What a tradgedy if that is the norm because the place has the workings of something special.
Food is good, not wonderful, but good, service on the other hand, quite bad for all three times I've been there. The first waiter we had acted like a snob because someone in my party just wanted a regular American lager (others in my party came to enjoy the craft beers). He acted like we weren't welcome if that's the type of beer we wanted. The second time we were literally there an hour longer than we should have just waiting on bad service. It was a Sunday afternoon; I would understand if it were Saturday night.
kickbacks. what can i say? ive been here once & i just want to go back. i LOVE their gigantic beer selection & their chicken tenders are AH-MAZE-ZING.
yum yum yum  in my tum tum tum
Went for my birthday on Saturday night and had a great time. It was busy but the waitress was good and took care of us pretty good. I had the meatloaf which was soooo good. We all were stuffed by the time we tried to finish our main course's. If you go with a large crowd call ahead ,as they take reservations. We will defiantly go back.
I went to this place to watch a football game (which they specifically guaranteed me would be showing) but when I got there they were clueless and then acted rude when I asked about it.  This happened again the following week.  Same rude manager.  It's a rip-off anyway.
Great beer selection, good mix of local and unique beers on tap.  Mushroom spread on garlic toast with Alfredo sauce was the best thing I've tasted ever, except for maybe the Mac n cheese which was ungodly!  The fried chicken sandwich was disappointing.   Everything there appeared to be homemade except for the chicken patty.  The Monty Christo sandwich rocked!  All in all, I'd drive another 5 hours just to eat and drink there again. Wonderful experience.
I created a Yelp account just to post a review. WOW this place is awesome myself and a few buddies came into Kickbacks two weekends ago. The host was an extremely friendly and energetic guy named Bert (his buddy Ernie was at home so he said) very clever. He asked us where we wanted to sit and we said where we can see all the beer. He sat us on the new side at the bar. The bar itself is BADASS! No other word for it. We were quickly greeted by Ginger and yes she is a red head a hot one to be exact. We asked if we could see a drink menu, rookie mistake on our part. She said "we don't have a paper menu, we do have a free app" but she said "I love beer is there any specific style you guys like I could maybe help". I thought oh great not another girl who thinks she knows about beer. WRONGO LADIES AND GENTS. This girl knows her shit!!! I like IPAs she rambled off about 12 on draft and said her favorite right then was Great Divide Hercules but suggested if we were staying for a few to make that my last because it's high ABV and it had a higher IBU and will leave a presence on my palate. Say what!?!? My other buddy likes stouts and she rambled off another 8 they had and talked about her favorite. And then last but not least my other buddy loves Saison which some people don't even know about and she said her favorite was Dogfish Head Saison Du Buff. Every beer she explained, tasted exactly how she said it would. She knows almost every style I'm just amazed and we let her pick all of beers that night. We have now come back every weekend for her and on Mondays since that's when she works. We never tell her what we want she knows what we like and nails it every time. We can't get enough of Ginger. Thank you whoever hired her she is a rare find and just perfect! Don't ever leave ginger we are your biggest fans!!
I love this place and enjoying eating here on the weekends. Last night, I went there and enjoyed everything this restaurant has to offer. The restaurant has a website and they announce it as "the go to spot in Jacksonville, FL area for your favorite American dishes in a sport bar setting". What I really like about this place is how full of life is. This is one of the most lively beer bar and restaurants in Jacksonville. Lots of people, many TVs, menus on the wall, etc. I would say that it is a combination of a sports bar and an English pub. I visited this restaurant on Saturday night, around 8:30pm. Every single table was taken, but I did the best to find me a table. I told the waitress that I wanted that table, and she helped me to get it, otherwise I would have to wait longer. This place lists 84 different beers on a list that is on the wall. There were so many, that I asked the waitress for her recommendation. I don't remember what kind of IPA I had, but it was not great. Then, I asked her if they had Lagunitas IPA, and they had it! The waitress quickly found it by using the tablet that they carry while attending customers. This is what I had: Monte Cristo sandwich and Cole slaw 3 layer sandwich with smoked ham, smoked turkey & Swiss cheese dipped in batter, deep fried & served with strawberry sauce topped with powdered sugar I have ordered this before and is always great. Not recommended for those who are avoiding calories. The Cole slaw...I have to say that is the best Cole slaw that I have ever tried. This restaurant really know how to make it. I enjoyed my time here. One time it took 30 minutes to have my meal served, but this time it did not take 10 minutes. Every employee was helpful and were always nice.
I absolutely LOVE Kickbacks. I have been coming here for years and the experience is great every time I visit. I have become friends with the owner/main bartender Jimmy. He's awesome!!! They just recently renovated their space and it is unbelievable. Such a classic bar look. They are also in the process of adding new menu items, and they have reopened a lot of the beers on tap. I like to get "Jax-crack" when I come here. It's not on the menu, but it's basically their hamburger helper mixed with their famous macaroni & cheese with some spicy sauce. It's so good and only 6 bucks! I'm a sucker when it comes to craft beer, and this place doesn't lack in that area one bit. Check out their app to see their hundreds of beers :-)
This spot used to be my goto spot in Jax. I mean, FULL MENU from 7am to closing. What's not to love about that? But unfortunately the food isn't as great as it was and now the final straw. While Kickbacks is great for the food, let's face it; many go for the BEER!!!!  So imagine my dismay when I ordered a premium import draft that I have had many times before overseas and it tasted stale like a bad line. What was worst was that i only took one sip and ordered another beer after telling the server about the bad beer. When i got the bill, the one sip beer was still on it. He offered a manager and then told me he left for the evening already and no one was in charge. At that point I paid the bill, but it will be my last one at kickbacks.
This place is gross. I ordered a cheeseburger and got so sick from It the next day. It is dark, dingy and smells bad.
If you are just going for drinks, run with it. If you even THINK you might want food, RUN. There was a small group of 5 of us and literally EVERY dish came out separate (as in my mom got her side of mashed potatoes, 5 mins later my brother got his wrap & his friend got his sandwich, 5 mins after that I got my sandwich and my mom got her fish, ANOTHER 10 mins later I got my fries and my other brother got his pizza. My French Dip was disgusting so I swapped for a burger. I'm not sure what was more greasy, my burger or the outside of my bun (I didn't even know that could happen!).  4 bites and I gave in. I just couldn't do it. We left to watch my football game at another bar. End of story, don't eat here.
I ordered the wings - half hot and honey barbecue.  Really good wings!  Nice crunch on the outside and I ordered all flats yummmm.  I'll be back.  Nice kickback atmosphere with a young vibe.  Waiter was super nice on a late Friday night.
We have been to kickbacks in the past and it was great. Since they have built on and changed the kitchen around ... It is horrible. Food comes out at all different stages. I received the 2 sides for my entree, then our appetizer, then my entree, then my husbands entree... He never got his sides. We asked for a manager and he wouldn't come out just told the server to comp the side of fries. We won't be returning. Very sad this was a neat place.
I've tried. Twice. First really bad experience was a Saturday night. They were trying to work around some major renovations and it was kinda busy but not slammed by any means. It was a complete chore to get service. Had to try to look around, over, under the beer tap tower and once I finally did get bartender's attention he was less than enthusiastic about serving me. When I had finally had enough, getting and paying my tab was even worse. Gave guy a debit card and he acted liked I had handed him a severed human head. Fed up I just threw down way too much cash and walked out vowing never to return. But everybody has an off day right? And as a former longtime member of the F&B community, I'm sympathetic to the struggle. So I returned to get brunch on a Sunday thinking that was about as different from a Saturday night as it gets. Walked in, stood there for a good 4-5 minutes while at least 3 people that worked there walked by without acknowledging me...not even a "hey sit wherever you want"...nada. One server even peered at me over the POS screen which was quite uncomfortable. At this point, I just walked out vowing never to return again. This time I'll stick to that pledge.
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over while expecting a different result. The last few times going to this wretched place were awful, as outlined in my previous review. But, friends successfully convinced me to give it one last try, in an effort to rekindle the love I used to have for this place. BIG MISTAKE. Again, our food took entirely too long to be served. How long is "too long"? An hour, which is how long we waited. The place wasn't even near capacity, so the "this place is always busy" excuse is out the window. But, the most infuriating part of what will be my last ever experience at this horrible place was just how inept our server, Jo-D, was. After our initial drink order, she walked by our table at least a half a dozen times without so much as a "How's everyone doing? Can I get you anything?" I could've chalked it up to her being extremely busy, if the place was actually busy, or if I didn't look over and see her relaxing at the bar and drinking beer instead of checking on us. I wanted to love this place again. I wanted to be able to say that the staff here is no longer so full of themselves that they think they can just give terrible service without consequence. But Kickbacks is not giving me a choice, and honestly, I really don't think they care.
Everytime we go the food is just awesome!!!
Here we go again an again. I should have read the reviews but wait I have been reading the new reviews. Why did we go in. The wife said so that's why! We used to come here for like 4-5 months, ever Sunday like clock work. Jill (our favorite server girl) would almost have our coffee and diet soda on the table waiting for us. We have seen the remodeling going on for maybe a years now. I being a builder myself I know something is up when you take this long to build anything. What it is I don't know but I could have built the damn thing myself by now. We did get to peek inside a while back and it's pretty cool. But, what the hell is a Goozlepipe and guttyworks???? Got me by the nuggies. Ok today we went in and the place had a few people sitting around mostly staff. We got seated right away and then the wait started. Our drinks took about 10 minutes. Then we just about finished that round when it was time to order. The new not on the menu menu looked pretty intriguing. We decided to go with the stuffed quahogs and the Scottish eggs (I have made theses before) and followed it up with the bangers and mash. I am a sucker for meat in tube form. Well i got some more drink but the wife never got her re fill. Our food arrived. It looked lets say, a little over. I'll start with the bangers they were way over cooked. They were just glorious hotdogs that you needed a knife to cut. The mash had a good flavor to them but the egg which I ordered over easy. Was just that over easy, on the floor, and then onto the plate. It also stopped by crustyville before it hit our plate. Thankfully you could cut that one with a fork. Then the Scottish eggs they were a chorizo wrapped already hard boiled egg and then deep fried. They chorizo was dry and the egg was wowwy over. A twice cooked hard boiled egg. The stuffed quahogs-clams could have been called many things. Crab stuffing, conch fritters, because they didn't taste anything like clams. I know quahogs and have eaten them many dozens on our trips to the great north. Theses were not quahogs but, stupid here thought you know maybe. Yep maybe I was really wrong for this one. But, in general Steve (and you know who you are) wake up and make some coffee. There is something bad going on here and if you want to finally open up the goozzlewhatever you better fix it.
I went at lunch and I had a great mean. The menu items are served as they are done being made. They do that on purpose im told. So I had my Mac and cheese which, to my surprise had BACCON. And shortly after I got my "MONTY CRISTO". That was my only reason for going and I enjoyed my food. 4 stars for the seating and time to be seated in a pretty much half empty place.
I went again, but this time for a late lunch. WOW! The service was wonderful. I told our server Fauna, I wanted to try new beers, so I told her what I liked and asked her to surprise me. I also told her what I ordered and she went from there. Her pick was ON POINT. I told her I lied Yuengling and she picked a Wychwood Hobgoblin. This beer paired my Reuben sandwich perfectly! The two together were a match made in heaven... by a waitress who knew what paired well. My buddy also greatly enjoyed his meatloaf, and stated it was the best meatloaf he had ever had. It was so good in fact, he did not give me a bite :( I'll definitely be back, and I'll be sure to bring others here on their visit to my hometown!
Great atmosphere, mediocre food. I've tried this place three times, and each time it's missed the mark. Don't get me wrong, the location is great, and the new facility is awesome. The food, however is just so so. Don't come here looking for any culinary experience.  Just consider it a great place to enjoy a drink with friends, with some average bar food. The menu has some unique items, but so far they have disappointed me when I tried to eat them. Example:  I ordered the salmon burger, with carmelized onions, and received a charred hockey puck. I sent it back and asked for the sloppy joe sandwich, which I haven't had in maybe 20 years, and I got basically a mess if ground beef and ketchup. Pretty place, nice people, average bar food.
Kickbacks is a victim of their own success.  The service is terrible and the food was lousy.  Taco salad took an hour and was old meat slapped over the lettuce and out of the beer I wanted.  Breakfast plate was no better and its hard to screw up breakfast.  Best to just drink there.
I'm not a huge fan of this place b/c it's ALWAYS WAY TOO CROWDED and the menu is pretty much what you can get anywhere....minus classics that they offer like spaghetti-o's and fluffer nutter sandwiches. That being said just b/c it's not my favorite place to go doesn't mean it's not good. Check it out if you're in the area, but I wouldn't make a special trip just for Kickbacks.
OH my Goodness! I was looking for a place to have Sunday brunch and landed here! The waitress Madi helped me decide on getting the Firebird omelette!  I am so glad I did.  It was prepared with fried Jalapeños With a healthy portion of pulled chicken breast and cheese topped off with salsa.   Toast and potatoes on the side!! Yum Yum
First thing I noticed is my shoes were sticking to the floor when we came in...okay it was Sunday afternoon, I guess that is okay, right? ...Terrible service but the food is prettty awesome (which is what most fried food is) when and if the waitress will bring it to you, it was Sunday afternoon, they were not slamming or even that busy.... the ambiance is spot on for grunge steam pubs but we got the worst waitress, great retro look but terrible server, they have food runners and she was in the weeds, or just a bad waitress, never saw her after orders, no refills, everyone okays?!!! Will go back but ask for a different server or after reading other reviews go ask for it yourself. The place is amazing for Jaxs, really awesome new area that is so steampunk. BEER BEER BEER and more beer, like a beer dream garden... This is a must go, breakfast all day with BEER or no Beer...bring patience and ask for double triple condiments when you order cause waitress may never return, except to give you the check. Maybe because we were not drinking beer, wait hubby had a rolling rock and he had to beg for that to be brought to him.... The jalapeno poppers were very tasty and the plum sauce is delicious ask for two when you order waitress may ignore your request for more. I had the vegggie panni, asked for no mushrooms, OF COURSE she forgot to write that down. Not sure what hubby had but he ate it and licked the dish, my friends had to grab someone else to get their requested dressings for the house salad which looked decent. All in all great idea but with service that sucks great ideas FAIL miserably... get some professional wait staff and lose the dead ones. This place will be awesome when these guys lose their asses due to horrible service and someone who knows how to run a resturant takes it off their hands....WAKE UP DUDES and hire an awesome wait staff! Your food is pretty darn good but not so fantastic that it makes up for an incompetent staff.
Taps on the ceiling. I must've stared up for the longest. It's so pretty. 0_0 Flew out to Jax to visit my girl last week, and this is the first place she took me to. OMG. Yum. I love bar food. I've been to plenty of spots. But this queso..is pretty freakin' amazing. We ordered shrimp alfredo, too. BOMB. It being a gastropub and all, I was expecting high-quality food, and I wasn't disappointed. Service was great. Our server was fast and attentive. I tried an IPA that he recommended because I've been into IPAs lately. He knew his stuff. It was such a great experience! Woo. Go check it out.
Really, this place is just pretty good.  It has a nice vibe, decent food and a bunch of beers on tap. My main concern is the service.  I sat at the bar, ordered the chicken Panini, which is not really a Panini, it is basically a somewhat pressed chicken sandwich, and sweet potato fries.  The food came out pretty fast, less than 15 minutes, I think. While it was tasty, the chicken to bread ratio was all off.  The sweet potato fries were good, but a bit hard for my liking.   Maybe it was because I was sitting at the bar, but I asked for a draught beer list and the server pointed to the wall.  Really? You can't give me  brake down of what you have?  Same was true for the bottle beers.  He was like we only have like 10 left.  So I just wound up ordering one beer and leaving.  It really is to bad, I would have definitely had one or two more, but I just can't deal with that kind of service.
New place needs to work out the kinks a bit ... Good atmosphere though ... But for Pete's sake ... Take the "boba cacio e Pepe's" off the menu ... That may be the worst food I've ever encountered ... It looks like deer scat with eggs on top .. And tastes horrible ( well no taste to the black ball things ... And very salty eggs )
Looking forward to their remodel, as most of our visits to Kickbacks have been mediocre, with staff that doesn't seem to like being there, some are just plain rude, and food that is too expensive and overcooked. Good beer selection, and a great place to go if you just want bar food.
The food and service were sub par. The beer was outstanding. The food was edible, I could've made a better sandwich at home. The service, for the first 10min we weren't really sure if we had a server. The food came out a different times. We ordered our food at different times, but as my mom and I (who have both been servers) would tell you; you wait until everyone has ordered to tell the kitchen.   The beer list is written on the wall or viewed through their app "Kickbacks Gastropub". Even though that was a a bit of an inconvenience the beer was phenomenal. The server/bartender suggested great beer. Only two stars because any restaurant can open a great beer, but you go to the restaurant for the food.
This place is amazing!! Such an amazing list of beers, a fun and incredibly delicious menu, and the new inside is absolutely beautiful. I can't wait to come back to Florida when the new space is open. It's unlike anywhere I've ever been, and Steve is a total sweetheart.
They stay open really late, and serve good food, and in jacksonville that's a super plus! The unique atmosphere will have you looking around while you're sipping your wine, chugging your beer and trying not to dance to the live band. I ordered a few Moscstos, fried mushrooms and the Mediterranean pizza. It took awhile to come out due to the fact that the place was packed, but it was worth the wait. Oh yeah: friendly waiters as well!
Its alright. great selection of beer !
OK, it's not hard to turn things around as long as you're willing to step it up..!  Was at KB this past weekend and they have opened up their new section, had their beers on tap and chilled, so basically all is once again well with the world.  I did not eat, but heard the new sections has a new menu so I look forward to giving it a go...!  Come on KB, you've got the right stuff so don't get lazy ever again.
So I was visiting Jax my hometown and after  going to the Loft and getting pretty saucy my friends suggested we get some grub from Kickbacks. In my all years of living in Jax before I moved I had actually never been to kickbacks before but have heard about the place numerous times. I was excited to see how decorated and unique this gastropub was with all the old large bicycles displayed and esp the beer taps all lined up on the ceiling. I definitely thought that was pretty cool. The food was a bit if a wait considering we went on a Saturday night June 7 and it was the night there was a major soccer game at Everbank field so it was pretty busy. What made up for it was that our waiter was pretty chill and keep updating us on the status of our food and was very personable and accommodating. None of us in my group actually ordered any alcohol since we had came from already drinking so we only ordered food great for sharing in a large group. We ordered corn nuggets which were pretty awesome probably one of the best corn nuggets I've ever had and such a great southern comfort food that's hard to find out west. We also ordered the nachos and fried mushrooms. The funnel cake fries were very unique and a great twist on funnel cake and that cinnamon honey spread that goes with it is to die for. Although the food was delicious it was a long wait but like i said we lucked out that our server was very good at checking on us and updating us. I give the place 4stars because although the food is delicious , the place itself didn't look amazingly clean. The menu was kinda sticky and we were seated really close to the computer station for all the servers to input orders and it was a little bit tight squeeze for us since we were a group of 10-12. But overall I really enjoyed the food at this place. Definitely a good place for After Drinking Grub if you're going in a group to share.
This is a hard review to write because the current temporary iteration of kickbacks is not really a good reflection of its past or near-future. Kickbacks will always be that neighborhood bar that has decent food and a great beer list. Since it is so popular, the wait times can be very long, but I can honestly say that  I've never actually had a problem with it. I enjoy people watching there and seeing what kind of random conversations and interactions happen. It's a fun place. I do not recommend going there with a large group of people, especially on the weekend. You will have trouble getting a table and the staff may not be the most attentive to you. Small groups are best. Even though the inevitable backlash against Kickbacks has definitely occurred, I can't help it. I still love them!
I love Kickbacks! I've been a few times and it's on the list of places to take friends and family when they come to visit - mostly if they enjoy a wide array of beers and interesting atmospheres. I've had a few different things on the menu - shrimp skewers, creamed corn nuggets (I crave these all the time) and even their monte cristo - which I'm ALWAYS trying to find a place that makes them since they're SUPER messy to make at home ;) It's a little dark inside, which is no problem for us young folks, but it did make our in-laws pull out the flashlights on their phones just to read the menu. You also have to take a look at the ceiling - TONS of bar taps hanging which is clever. It can be a little packed at times and due to how the tables are set up it can be a little tricky trying to move around. They're currently undergoing construction, so pardon their limited bottle selection - I can't wait to see what they'll look like once the expansion is finished. They also have an app on your phone that lists all the beers on tap, bottled beers and I think events too.
I know that many of my Yelptastic friends absolutely loooooooovvvvveee Kickbacks... Well... I don't... A huge problem for me is the service... Yes, I know they are constantly busy, so the wait times may vary... But when a party of three orders cheese fries and onion petals, you'd think the order would arrive quicker than forty five minutes from when the order was placed... I mean come on... The cheese came out of a can!!! Or at least it tasted that way!  I tried one of Jennifer's onion petal things and I just wasn't very impressed... The only other time I've eaten here was after the Gate river run... Amy and I shared a burger... It was okay.... But I've had way better! During our wait we noticed that we weren't the only ones receiving subpar service... A group of people seated near us waited a long time before finally leaving... The funny thing is their food arrived shortly thereafter! Instead of throwing out the food the waiter walked to a couple of tables and asked if they'd like to have the meals... At the first table I heard a guy ask... Is it free???   Of course upon hearing they wanted half price the guy turned down the food.   I have no intention of ever eating here again, although if I'd like to have some drinks... I'll probably stop in again for that!!
Worst Experience I have ever had in a restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I will never ever ever ever be back here! I believed the hype and wanted to check it out and was more than disappointed! When we first walked in we asked if we seat ourselves and we were told to go look for the creepy guy with the suspenders and he would help us! What in the world...we should have left then! So, we didn't...we actually sat down! Our food came out wrong (had a few things on it we asked to be 86'ed and on the side). We ate a little bit but it was just horrible even without the mistake it would have been gross! We had to order something else to not leave hungry. When we received our bill the item was on there and we asked for it to be taken off...the server said (with a frightened look) that she could take off 50%and when I asked to see a manager I was told there wasn't one! She said she was the manager of her section and she had to pay for it because it was her mistake. I explained to this young girl that this was not her business and she should not have to pay for common mistakes and that is the cost of doing business. She had a terrified look on her face and begged me not to say anything. She explained that Steve the owner....was quite a force to be reckoned with. I asked the other servers and they agreed! Seems like he has quite a sham going on and his success may be due to his loophole in management! I will find out soon! Regardless we were so not impressed with the food at all! Oh and when we asked for a flight of beer (because other tables had them) we were told they really don't offer those! Again with a frightened look she talked us out of it...because she was scared that the bartenders would get made at her! Has anyone else had this type of experience there????? I seriously felt like going table to table or standing outside preaching the injustice until Steve showed up! Unreal! One of the worst dinners and experiences in a very long time or maybe ever actually! The one star is gracious because we didn't die!
This was my first visit for more than drinks in over a year. The new addition is amazing, the big open front porch is nice also. We got there around 9:45 on a Monday eve and the whole place was pretty empty. Our server was pleasant and seated us promptly. The two stars? We ordered the Roasted Shrimp dip and a Monte Cristo with fries as the side. The server informed (warned )us that everything would come out when ready. The dip came out first, decent but lacking in flavor with tiny shrimp, not the nice spicy chunks I had with it before. The fries came out 10 minutes layer...sans Monte Cristo. Come on, thats like serving the potato before the steak. The Monte did appear before the overcooked and slightly fishy (old grease?) tasting fries were totally cold. The sandwich was roughly the size of two large eggrolls cut in half..sort of sad. It did taste good and was nice and hot.  From now on we will eat elsewhere and stick to Kickbacks for beer and booze only.
This place is like a second home to me. I always feel comfortable there and get good service. The staff is awesome and down to earth. They don't get mad at me when I drink too much and say stupid things. This place is like the place I go and feel like I'm at my house and that's pretty special. The restaurant is busy, that means there is a WAIT. There is also a WAIT for food. That is how restaurants work people! ALSO, When you sit down at a table and the restaurant is on a wait, the host/hostess has every right to ask you to move out of courtesy to other guests that have been waiting! If that isn't logical to you, please get help! LOVE To KB's woooot!
Went with the family.  It was great.  Our waiter was great.  He helped us pick out drinks and food.  Food came out quickly and was delicious.  We will be back soon
I've been here on a few Occasions and the food is ok.  It didn't wow me nor was it terrible. The place has a smokey bar room feel to it and the service is very friendly but the food can take a while to come out at times. I'll probably go back and may change my review if they can wow me. A lot of people really love this place.
Before we lived in Jacksonville, my parents always brought us to Kickbacks while visiting.  If you like craft beer, good vibes, and a creative and fun menu, Kickbacks is a great spot! In the fall, they serve Southern Tier's Pumpking Pumpkin Ale straight off the tap in a glass with soft pie crust blessing the rim with it's presence.  It is truly a combination to die for! But even more than that, the staff here really knows there stuff when it comes to brews.  The creative chalk-board tap list shows the beer name, brand, style, and alcohol content - very informative.  The staff is great at recommended food parings and really seems to care about a great customer service. Highly recommend to the craft beer snob and enthusiast as well as the average Joe looking to try something they've never had before.  Enjoy!
Very cool Gastropub !! Tons of beers in tap! Meatloaf is good and the Mac and cheese has bacon which is always yummy! Great service and knowledgeable staff on beer selection! Not a place for kids even tho there were quite a few tables of them parking is a slight challenge.
I would like to start off by saying I've yet to eat here.  I do understand from my many Yeeps that the food here is pretty good.  But I was only in to drink and relax.  With that being said.... I really like Kickbacks.  It's definitely an awesome place if you really want to just "kickback" like I did.  I was stressed, had a bad day, was in a bad mood, needed some me time, yada, yada, yada.  So, I wandered into Kickbacks.   I found a table and was immediately comfortable, even though I was by my lonesome.  I had a wonderful server, jacob, who talked to me and checked on me often.  It was really nice to just be able to drink, de-stress, and get my thoughts together. I walked in a pretty unhappy chick, but when I left (and no, I wasn't drunk by any means), I was once again a happy, relaxed girl! In the future, this will definitely be my place to go if I'm ever needing some of that "me" time again.  And one of these days, I'll try the food and make sure to do an updated review when I do.
This place is so good, but sometimes it's just too busy. (Good thing and bad thing). Seriously has some amazing food and a great beer selection. Corn nuggets are so good here. I love the random things you can get. I've tried beers here that I normally wouldn't, too. The ambiance is definitely different and I like it! Don't get too creeped out by the doll heads...
So happy we found this place! Such an impressive selection of taps, particularly for this region. Excellent atmosphere- all ages and colors. Cozy tables and booths but also open enlightenment to people watch, and enough TVs to watch a game. Decent menu at first glance, although we only had appetizers. They had some unique and tastier versions of the usual munchy snack items.  Their food prices were surprisingly normal despite the dry cool atmosphere. Love this place!!
I had Kickbacks for the first time yesterday at a friends request and had the shrimp scampi with Mac and Cheese and Broccoli and the down side was the scampi was very lemony which was a turn off so I thought to myself hey I'll give them another chance and ordered the Mahi Mahi entree with broccoli and rice. It was dry, broccoli was excellent like the day before and the rice was generic like what to get at Duffy's. the entrees also come with a salad which looked fresh but as I got into it there were brown leaves and some that were mushy heck even my cherry tomato was all pruny, sad to say I had to stop eating it. There are pluses to this place as well as a few minuses.
Okay, for starters if your establishment has "gastropub" in the name and hundreds of beer taps hanging from the ceiling, wouldn't you think to put a beer menu together?  The only way to see what beers they have is to be seated in just the right place, in line of sight to the "menu board" on the wall (with tiny dark writing".  So the beverage menu (or lack there of) was a let down. And now on to the food...  We told the server that it was our first time and I even asked her to recommend what they are known for and so we ordered two of the things she recommended - a bleu cheese stuffed burger with bacon and a roast beef panini.  So when the food was brought out (by a food runner) the roast beef "panini" was not actually a panini at all, it was a french dip, complete with au jus.  And then the (medium rare) bleu cheese stuffed burger was very dry, had no condiment on it at all, just LTO and burnt bacon.  And then once I bit into it, there was one tiny piece that was mid-rare and the rest of the burger was very well done and dry. So once the server finally came by to see how our food was, we asked about the "panini" and her response was "yeah we have been using different bread this week and they aren't really pressing it". Funny, she didn't mention that when she recommended the "panini".  And then I showed her the burger, she agreed that it was definitely not mid-rare so at least she did offer to get me something else (but I declined).  The only saving grace was that the tater tots were pretty on-point.  And finally, I guess I've come to expect that in this new culinary "foodie" society we're in now, when both meals are pretty much a failure, the server didn't bother to send a manager over to speak to us. So, needless to say, I most likely won't be back. Maybe I'll try The Blind Fig Gastropub across the street, next time...
This sweet spot in Riverside is awesome! I had the chicken tenders meal with a side of fries and a sweet tea and it was pretty good. 80% of the time all I eat are chicken tenders when I go out to eat. Our food wasn't cold and didn't taste like it had been sitting out for a while, so kudos for that. The decor inside is so neat! They have beer taps covering the ceiling giving a cool ambiance inside. Our waitress was VERY friendly and kept checking on us. She also made sure our drinks were filled! Definitely on my list to go back to again to try something new this time (maybe.)
This place has good southwest egg rolls and the smothered chicken is amazing.  I love that they deliver and it is a great place to go after a night at the bars because it is open so late.  The beer selection is not as good as dahlia's pourhouse but they do have local beers available.  The nachos are horrible and the tempeh burger has no flavor so I would definitely recommend avoiding these two items on the menu but overall the menu has a good selection.
Was here last night.  Draft beers were warm. Staff was rude, frequently heard saying "Move" and "Get out of the way" to patrons who were standing by tables.  No "Excuse me", no "I'm sorry you can't stand there". Sandwich and order of fries took 1 1/4 hours to be served and when asked about the long wait, server was dismissive..."normally, it's at least an hour"...an hour for bar food and warm beer?How is this place still in business? Maybe when the expansion is complete, the beer will be cold and the food will be delivered more rapidly, but the staff will still be rude.
You couldn't beat the customer service. Super hipster bar and I was in my mom-jeans and still got stellar service. Sensory overload sitting at the bar. It's lower than the taps and I couldn't see the bartenders. Really loud with bright TVs in yo face. We moved to the patio. Aaaah, delight! Spacious, severs, nice/humid/hot jax weather. I really enjoyed it. They have fans. Will be back to try the food. It looked like everyone was getting their grub on.
Being a craft brew lover, thus was on my list.  It was Jacksonville Craft week, so I figured this was the place to go, especially seeing that it's had 80 on tap.  Not this time.  I think there were around 15 on tap, with ZERO FL brews.  What's up with that?  Server was nice, but the lack of selection was just too little for me.
Dirty, Dirty,Dirty. Horrible Service. Food below average. many people smoking outside near front door, so you have to walk through smoke to get in. Will Never go back.
One of my favorite spots to end up at 3am to get fatter and more unhealthy! No seriously this is an amazing place and with the new renovation we aren't crammed all in. Order the sampler! And don't get lost in the new upcoming basement bar!!!
I love this place, the food, the brews, the owner, etc. So glad they're expanding. Also open late night so you can stop by after visiting the bars around the corner.
Good place to go for beer and atmosphere. They advertise a lot more beer than they really have. But overall a nice bar.
I really wanted to like it here, I know it gets great reviews but maybe I ordered the wrong thing, it was just average bar food... nothing special
Be prepared to take awhile when ordering - the draft menu and food menus are extensive and you can't help but want to order a little bit of everything. This is easily one of my favorite bars in Jacksonville thanks to the great craft beer selection and food menu that ranges from stuffed burgers to deep fried Monte Cristos to Spaghetti-Os. It's loud, laidback and a great spot for catching live music or just hanging out with friends before/after visiting the bars on King Street. The experience is not to be missed, but be prepared for a wait when it comes to getting a table or your food - they stay busy!
Hey Kickbacks Gastropub, are you a steak because WELL DONE. Kickbacks has a special place in my heart, it  is where it I met the love of my life Mrs.Yelp, Its my Cheers but without a creepy Norm. I've been wanting to write this review for weeks now. My writing isn't written like it's writing written by a writing expert. I hope I do them a service. The New York Strip with the peppercorn sauce is so good, it probably has its own memoir. The Mac N' Cheese is one of the best in the city. Unlike instant, this mac n' cheese will love you back. The owner of Kickbacks, one, Steve is a consummate beer guy and his establishment his a testament to this facts with the capacity for some sixty beers on tap though currently this is down to ten or so due to the future expansion plans of the Belgium Tap Room... yay. Anyone who gives Kickbacks a chance is won over to the Gospel of Steve for it is said, "On the Eighth day, God created Beer and it was Good." Bring some friends and go for the beer, stay for the food and leave with the memories.
Food here is excellent. Have never been disappointed with a meal. Everything from the pizza to the seafood is amazing. Also they have a very extensive menu. With that being said; service here is lousy, the place is filthy, the other customs can be rude. Wait times for food can easily exceed an hour. With all the problems this place has I recommend somewhere else. Lots of places to eat in riverside/Avondale that offer great good without the headache.
So I read about this place on movoto.com's review of Jacksonville restaurants to eat at. I will by and large agree that the food here is tasty, but I have a few complaints to go alongside the quality of the food. First of all, I ordered a dry gin martini and it came to me sweet as sugar. Thankfully this was remedied, quickly. Second of all, about two bites into our meal a medium sized cockroach ran across our table!!!! OMFG GROSS! We immediately called our waiter over and told him " a cockroach just ran across our table" and he responded with "oh, I believe it" with out any hint of shock, disbelief or disgust. Because the restaurant was undergoing construction and the cockroach hadn't touched our food we agreed to be moved to a high top table. Third of all, in light of the cockroach incident, not even one item of our bill was comped. One of the diners was a long term waitress and commented that at least one item should've been comped. Last of all, the service was mediocre at best. Our waiter seemed aloof and uninterested in leaving us with a strong impression. Considering it was a Tuesday night, this seems highly unacceptable. I won't be going here ever again, obviously, but if you're bold enough you should probably wait until construction is through to avoid cockroaches.
Short: The premiere beer bar in Jacksonville open nearly 24 hours that has its own Android and iPhone app Long: Kickback's has a divey atmosphere with a good mix of clientele from biker gangs and chain smokers to craft beer cuddling hipsters. Tap list here is absolutely massive, but a real beer nerd will quickly be able to sift through 90% BS on 80-100 offerings and narrow it down to about 10 local, special beers worth drinking. Look for Aardwolf, Intuition, Bold City, Engine 15, Green Room, Cigar City, 7venth Sun, Peg's/Cycle, Funky Buddha. Food menu is large and the quality is upgraded Applebee's. Spinach artichoke dip, hot wings, etc. Staff are friendly but sometimes hard to track down. They have an Android/iPhone app that will show you their tap list in real time that is actually easier to use than having to squint at their size 8 font board on the wall.   Good For: Late night craft beer drinking Bad For: Nice dinner with your wine and liquor loving friends
Kickbacks will always hold a special place in my heart... for many, many reasons. When I first moved to Riverside, I was amazed to find such a vast beer selection... and shut the front door... the food is really great too! I love their fish and chips, chicken fried steak, breakfast options, but who am I kidding, we go for the beer. :) Yes, service can be the best you've ever had or the absolute worst. I think it's been a struggle with the rise of the popularity of the place. I do know, if we are planning on meeting friends for dinner, we ALWAYS make a reservation, so getting seated has never been an issue. (Just a tip.) While some servers are more knowledgeable than others, we make due. I was sold on one of my first visits, while drinking a fantastic craft selection I noticed a broody Eddie Vedder staring at me from his poster spot on the wall. (I love me some PJ!) And a few more words of advice to those that head that way. They are currently under construction to make the place even better than before... so the draft selection is limited... but patience pets. It will get there. I also met Mr. Yelp at a mutual friend's birthday dinner here. What a better place for two craft beer lovers to meet, eh? One more tip: THEY DELIVER. So if we are feeling lazy and hungry, we have a great option to enjoy one of our favorite places without getting out of our jammies. A Jacksonville classic, the place to go to enjoy a brew, chat with friends or watch a game.
Steven was absolutely amazing! Provided great recommendations and was fun to talk to. Gave us a tour of the expansion and definitely gained regular customers. Food and drinks were the best yet (new to the Jacksonville area). Will definitely recommend kickbacks and send people to see Steven.
Food is plentiful and decent. Went there for the beers which you can't beat.
They keep 90+ beers on tap everyday and they have amazing food. They are constantly busy, and it may take a while to get a table, they have a lack of servers, but they stay attentive and are friendly. They play good music and the overall vibe is great. It is a go to hangout spot for my friends and I!
I just want to start by saying I normally don't follow the suggestions of crowds but the crowds are right on this one!  After perusing the menu online and finding some things we could try, we made the trek across town. Very easy to get to, parking at 3ish on a Saturday after the big games wasn't even that bad. We were seated at a little table pretty quickly, and had drinks within five minutes, which is a big plus if y'all have read any of my reviews . We were kinda shocked when a piping hot plate of our wings showed up, they were quite zaftig! Very meaty, warm as they should be and another little plus I give them credit for-  fresh made not bottled ranch dressing. I grew up with fresh made, so that's a little happy button. The hubs got the fat Julian ( their version of the ru hungry grease trucks fat Darryl at Rutgers ) with Mac n cheese and I got the French dip with green bean fries.  To quote him "Great combo of flavors and textures, and very much a guilty pleasure!". The Mac held its own, very creamy but firm and tastes of bacon infused throughout. Better than mom used to make.  The French dip was very bready but was slightly moist. The meat wasn't incredibly impressive sadly, I wanted more of a meaty flavor and a bit more spice/herb ...but that's just me. This place is a pub, not a formal restaurant so with that being said, I'm quite impressed. I am so sad I didn't stay for funnel cake fries! Lol. I will definitely be back. Also, the price vs portion ratio is truly amazing. I think for two entrees and an app with two drinks, we stayed right T or under $40. perfecto! Thank y'all for sharing this place with us!
Have made it back to Kickbacks multiple times since my initial review and every time it knocks it out of the park. The menu has a little bit of everything - even spaghetti-o's! - so every one can find something they like. Their tap selection is minimal lately due to the expansion going on outside/next door, but it won't stop me from going. The nachos are huge. The Monte Cristo is ridonkulous. And the staff is great. You give them a beer you like and most of them can recommend a great one to try. Haven't made it in for brunch just yet, but seeing some of the pictures from some fellow yelpers and knowing the dedication some have to not missing a Sunday, I'm looking forward to trying it soon.
I love this place!  Such a wonderful blend of beer selection, comfort foods, sports and trivia all under one roof! I've noticed some have blasted them for a few inconveniences that are currently taking place due to their expansion.  Get over it people!  A small business owner can never satisfy some people.  The same people who are now complaining about the limited menu/beer selection and other expansion associated MINOR inconveniences would be the ones to yell the loudest and complain the most had the owner decided to close and reopen when completed. I love you Kickbacks and can't wait to see what comes next in your wonderful establishment!
UGH - food poisoning from the green beans... Both my boyfriend and I ate their fried green beans and we became very ill with staph food poisoning. It is a bummer because it was our first time there. I did let the staff know by calling the next day, but their response was tepid at best. The beer was great. :)  Too bad I will not be going back.
This place is terrible they messed up my order first. Order a chicken parmesan.  They person who took my order wrote down the wrong thing. I call and advised her of it and it appeared not to be a big deal for her. I also waited for almost 2 hrs for my order to be delivered. And IT WAS WRONG. I called to talk to the manager he was not helpful at all. He advised he would call me back to let me know. I am still waiting tic tic tic
Went here with a few friends after a nearby event last weekend. They didn't seem to have as much on tap as I was expecting, but I was told they're doing renovations so things are a little wacky right now. Both the hubby and I were still able to find something we liked, and when we saw that they had southwestern eggrolls, we knew we had to give them a shot. These things blow Chili's (our previous favorite) out of the water. I'm salivating now just thinking about them. If you're a wuss with heat, proceed with caution, but if you like a little spice in your life... order up and dig in! I love the vibe of this place, they offer 'drunk people food' such as spaghetti-os, ramen, and the like, and screw all their old taps into the ceiling. It's really dark, and really wooden. Everything one would hope for when combining the words 'gastro' and 'pub'. A++
Great beer, friendly servers, and reeeeeally good Food! Lot of vegetarian choices also. We sat outside around 11pm & the whole area just seemed kind of cool.  Was a good atmosphere. Food took a while to receive, but thats what beer is for!
Kickbacks is open from breakfast to drunkness (7am-3am) 365 days a year. If I lived in Jacksonville, I could easily see myself being a regular. The first thing that will catch your eye when you walk in are the number of beer taps hanging from the ceiling joists. They immediately had me leaning toward liking this place. The atmosphere is cool, but it doesn't scream, This place will have Awesome Food, to me. It says, You will have a Great time drinking Beer here. Surprisingly though, the food is Delicious! I've had the Fat Julian and the Roast Beef Panini. Both were impressive. When I first came here, the beer selection was great. If you're into IPA's (I'm not) they seem to be continuing to keep the taps rotating. Unfortunately, on my recent visit, they were considerably lacking in the browns and ambers department which are my go-to. Apparently this beer lackness is due to less cooler space because of some construction being done to the building. Once the construction is complete, it's supposed to add additional rooms or something. The beer choices will then be back to normal or superior to normal. Here's a good article I just found that explains the current renovations: jaxbrewbitch.com/?p=4352 Kickbacks would usually be a fiver for me, but due to the current lack of beer choice it will have to stay at four until I can make it back after the construction. The food and atmosphere are still great though. Jax, please support them during the renovation. From the sounds of it, there will be great things on the horizon to reward you.
This is probably one of my favorite places in Jax. Great atmosphere, huge and excellent selection of beers, and the food is very good. I had the cajun pasta one of my previous times. It was delicious. Didn't really care for the Mac and Cheese though. I'd been there a couple times on Thursday night. They had an organ and guitarist duo playing jazz. The previous time they had a trumpet player and organ duo also playing jazz. Real cool. Kind of a unique treat here in Jax especially with a stagnant music scene.
Stopped in for a pint or two and a Monte Cristo sammich..... The bartender who took great care of me poured me a pint of the Left Coast Tangerine Wheat Ale and it was like liquid crack.  Ordered the Monte Cristo Sammich from him, too, and it was on point.  Powdered sugar and jelly to dip it in, deep fried to the right amount.  My mouth is watering, again, from thinking about it.  Recommended!
Lunch here yesterday.  First and last time.  I really get the pub concept and if my quest had been to try a massive selwction of beer this would have been the place, perhaps.  I was greeted by one of the several servers who aske where I wanted to sit, i would have like a seat where one of the many Television had the volume below 9. I prefer table or booth.  Many of the booths had cushions so warn the crumbling foam was well exposed.  Next choice a table looking into the kitchen. No no I have worked I way too many restaurants to want to see behind that curtain.   By the 4 table the server was like WTF?  but I was content.  I ordered a glass of white wine their top choice Kendall Jackson, I was afraid to ask what the house wine was.  When my friend arrived she asked to change seats again. So off we go to a 4 top.  Everyone happy and ready to order.  My friend had Wings and French Fries.   Huge portion of fries but tasted pre cut.  No comment on the wings but she left quite a few.  Nothing on the menu spoke to me so I took the stuffed burger Blue Cheese stuffing and Sweet Potato fries.  Med.  My normal is med rare but I did have that brief peek into that kitchen.  Small  over cooked lump of meat huge, bun.  I decided to pass on the bread and cracked open the pattie not a hint of anything inside.  Then I gave the fries a chance.  Sprinkled with what Powered Sugar? Gross.  The few I could find without the sugar were fine. The only bright spot in this experience was the service.  I would give them 5 Stars.  There is some new expansion taking place so many people must love this place, I am not one of them
This place has an outstanding selection of beer. If you appreciate craft beers, this place is solid. Also, they have surprisingly good food. I wouldn't have expected this from a place like this, but it is tasty and of high quality. They also serve weird stuff like Ramen, Spaghettio's, grilled cheese sandwhiches and other cheapo college food. If that's what you are craving, they've got it...
Ok they have redeemed themselves. The guy host looks like the kid from josh and drake and is very friendly. Our blue haired waitress was wonderful and attentive. The sampler has many varieties. The southwest egg rolls were by far the best on our plate. I had the stuffed feta burger medium w pepper jack and bacon on top. Soooo good. I love saucey food but I didn't add anything to it. The flavors of the rich feta, spice of the pepper jack and the smokey bacon all came together nicely. My friend got dessert for dinner and got the funnel fries. They r a cardiac arrest waiting to happen but you'll die happy.
If you are going strictly for the beer selection, Kickbacks is the place to go. They have walls dedicated to craft beers. My only complaint is that they don't have a menu so you have to walk up to the wall to really see all that they have to offer. On the flip side, their food is mediocre at best. Do not go to Kickbacks for a meal (unless you just want drunk food). It's convenient because of the location near the on King Street, but other than that it does not have much to offer food wise.
Mention the name "Kickbacks" and people's faces light up like they're reminiscing their favorite Christmas memory. People LOVE Kickbacks! My favorite part of Kickbacks Gastropub is the hundreds of beer taps from around the world hanging from the ceiling like little painted bats. One feels as if they're falling down the rabbit hole of a beer tap hoarder with an O.C.D. problem. It's fun to see how many beers you can recognize! A massive chalkboard proclaiming a hefty list of all available beers hangs over a dinner booth. The best part is standing next to booth while reading the board and having the occupying dinner party there poke fun of you for your indecisiveness! It's a little awkward but it's also part of Kickbacks charm. It fosters conversation between beer loving patrons and also gives you helpful recommendations. The most talked about beer is the "Pumpking." It's a Pumpkin Ale with a rim of crushed Gingerbread along the glass (like salt for a Margarita.) Patrons compare it to drinking a cold, frothy Pumpkin Pie.   The best part of Kickbacks Gastropub is how they single-handedly eradicated crime in the area surrounding of the King Street District. If you don't believe me, read this amazing article! metrojacksonville.com/ar… Vast beer selection, eclectic wooden decor, and vanquisher of crime make Kickbacks Gastropub the crown jewel of King Street!
I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the service was wonderful. I enjoyed speaking with my waiter and he recommended a lot of great choices of beer. I would definitely go back.
Really good food. 70 beers on tap.  Can't go enough because I live on the other side of town, but it is a favorite.
Great on tap beer selection.. Very tasty bar food at more than reasonable prices.. My favorite riverside spot now
So, we went back. More than once. And we are definitely over it and it's mainly due to the lame staff. Went back with my mom and we both got the amazing veggie panini. But then I went back with my husband, and the panini was just on a sub roll. I'm not sure if they realize that a panini is a GRILLED sandwich, but they should have said something if they are out of the normal bread it's on since the only reason I get it is because I'm obsessed with grilled sandwiches. I would've gotten something else. OR they could wise up and just grill the stupid roll they put it on... Anyway, we had a different server this time. I think she was German. Same story as before. She just seemed like she didn't care. Dropped off our drinks and then walked away before asking what we wanted to eat even though our menus were closed in front of us and we looked at her waiting for her to take our order. If the reason she walked off was because she was swamped with customers, then fine. But she went to the table next to us, leaned on it and was chit chatting with some dude. I had to sort of look at her with raised eyebrows to get her to come take our order. Sheesh. Hey Kickbacks! Get your shit together with your staff! It's not that freaking hard to have servers that aren't bitchy!
Cool atmosphere, unique beers, edible but not stand out food/menu. Waiter messed up our order and was slightly unpleasant to deal with.the band ended early.it's great that they're open late, even on a Thursday! Less than TEN seats at the bar! wth? This is a gastrobub! Not in a rush to go back
Great atmosphere, fun place and good food.
You had me at Gastropub.  Say no more. 84 outstanding and well-selected beers on draft.  The "Bud Light" in the middle of the board looked out of place, but I'm glad they'll cater to any crowd.  I would not miss this place if I were you. I'm not exactly sure how to describe the atmosphere besides FUN.  The place is a mixture of Irish Pub and a dive bar.  Random music, good lighting. eclectic decor, and more tap handles hanging from the ceiling than you would believe. My burger was cooked medium rare, stuffed with blue cheese and topped with pepperjack and bacon.  And somehow this monstrosity stayed together, not a single piece hitting the plate.  To me this is a sign of a well thought out burger - the bread matches the ingredients and doesn't get too soggy, but also doesn't overpower the flavor of the burger itself.  One of the best burgers I've had, and very happy I took the waiters recommendation. Service wasn't bad, but I really wasn't there for the service anyhow.  I wanted to get away from my hotel down on the river and have a conversation with my fellow guests, which a non-pushy waiter helped us do.  He made sure my food was hot and my drinks were cold.
My sister, daughters and I went here after Art Walk, and for a Wednesday,  I was surprised at how busy it was. My brother had told me about this place, and since we were in the area, I wanted to check it out. First, let me say, I am not much of a beer drinker. I actually prefer cocktails over beer, but I figure, with all the beer they had on tap, not to mention their bottled beers, I was confident that I would find one. I had gotten Lindeman's Framboise, a Belgian beer that has a very rich raspberry undertone. It is more on the tart side rather than the sweet, which didn't bother me since my go-to drink is usually a margaritta. But this lambic beer was nice and fresh, and paired up with my fish and chips, it was pretty good. I will definitely be ordering this again on my return visit! As for food, they were all very generous in serving size. My sister had the Country Fried Steak dinner with a side of broccoli and fries, and it also came with an order of Caesar (or side) salad ($11.79). One of my girls had the Stuffed Burgers ($8.79)-she asked for feta, though you can ask for blue cheese if that is your preference-and the other had The Burger ($7.79). Both burgers came with a side of fries, while I had the Fish and Chips. I will be honest, while to food was pretty good, especially at their prices, the "star" of the meals were the fries! Oh my goodness!! They were lightly battered and crispy-not a soggy one in the bunch. As I said, the helpings were very generous, so we each brought home food that we were not able to eat. Not bad food for a pub, is what I say! Now, we were too stuffed to eat desserts. But I have heard amazing things about the Funnel Cake Fries. I would go back alone for a taste of those babies! We will definitely be back, that's for sure!
I absolutely love this place! I recently moved to Jacksonville and a friend re commended kickbacks for late night grub. The food was great!! ...Cheap and  the proportions are HUGE! Kickbacks has an extensive (as if that's even a suitable word for it) beer menu. The atmosphere was very cool and super chill. Staff was friendly and attentive. Loved it!
This place is easily my favorite place in Jacksonville, it's not really fair though given that I'm a sucker for good beer. I don't think I can honestly do this justice with my review, but hey I can always give it a try. After spending 20 minutes with my wife trying to find the place (our fault for coming here the first time on a motorcycle), we were not in a good mood and this place had almost no chance impressing me. This place not only impressed me, it made me want to introduce it to my parents,and ask it to move in with me. I guess that's why its called almost. Walking in my wife and I were seated at a high top table directly in front the beer board. I've seen beer list like this before so I wasn't that impressed;  until I started to read the list. That's when I knew I had hit the jackpot; this places beer selection was amazing. Scratch that it was unbelievable, that when it kicked in that this was just the draft list. So when our very quiet voiced waitress came over ( I'll get to that), I politely asked her if I could see the beer list. What she brought me was a list like the Holy Grail of beers, it made me wish I could have them all.I do wish they had had the Dogfish Head 120min in stock, but who ever does these days. Speaking of the staff (see I said we'd get there),  our waitress was very attentive to our needs, expertly knowledgeable of the beer, and very helpful to my wife and I on what we should order. The only downfall was that it was a little noisy in there, and she had the voice of a field mouse, I had to really concentrate on hearing and read her lips to understand what she was saying, and my wife couldn't hear her at all. doesn't effect my opinion of her skills as a waitress at all. my apologies, the whole reason your still reading this is you thinking "god man, get to the food" So the food, what can i say about the food? It was amazing, I had a stuffed burger with blue cheese inside the burger. It was the best burger I've had since being here in Jacksonville, and one of the best I've had period for that matter. My wife had the country fried steak sandwich, and all I could think when  I took a bite of it was, home (Kansas). I guess if I had to make a point here it would be that this place is one of my favorite places of all time. My wife and I will be coming back here all the time, and if you haven't given this place a shot yet, you need to get down here now. Seriously go now. Why are you still sitting here reading this and not in your car on your way down to Kickbacks? Sorry couldn't"t resist, but if your in the mood for good vibes, great food, and some of the best beer you'll ever have, give Kickbacks a try at some point.
This place actually has its own app to help you navigate their awesome beer list.  Over 100 beers are on tap any given night, plus bottles.   As if that wasn't enough, they have great food.  It's stick-to-your-ribs comfort food, like macaroni and cheese with bacon on top.  I enjoy the pork tenderloin, while my husband often goes or the mahi skewers with a side of FRIED green beans.  Yes, really. Love this place.
We were looking for a restaurant in between Tallahassee and Savannah to meet my daughter and her FSU friends for dinner. We wanted something relaxed and fun with great food. After reading  the reviews we decided to give Kickbacks a try. What a stroke of luck! It was perfect. We had so much fun - the food was amazing and our waiter Stephen was absolutely the best. Chet, the host was so welcoming and very entertaining. We loved him! We will return if we are ever town again.  You must have the French mushroom appetizer!!! Stephen recommended it and we are soooooo grateful he did.  It was just the vibe we were looking for. It made our day!
My first visit to Kickback's was one year ago. We stopped in for beers last time, but today we went to grub, and boy did we!  Because the burgers are flame grilled, I decided to give it a shot. Of course, I added bacon because that's how I roll. La Chica made a custom order of home fries, eggs and chili. My boy Swan got the club and La Chica's sis got the Jake 'n bake. While we waited for the kitchen artists to whip up our grub, we snacked on the cheesy shrimp appetizer and drank some delicious Franziskaner on tap! Burger = very good. Got the Mac n cheese as a side, and holy freakin' wow. Probably the best Mac n cheese I've ever had from a restaurant. Why?  Because they didn't dick around with the recipe by adding off-the-wall cheeses and other odd ingredients. It was just straight up Mac 'n cheese, but topped with bacon. The side dish most certainly out shinned the burger for me. Two thumbs up! Other food at the table wasn't mine, but I had a bite of each and everything was great, especially the Jake 'n bake. Very cheesy, and plentiful as hell. Definitely a meal made for two. I'm not sure if there is a gastropub with better food offerings out there, so I'm updating my review to a 5 star.
You know besides the food taking 45 minutes this is a good little place to visit. Food is good. Server was personable. They are getting ready to expand with over 200 beers on tap. I am not a beer drinker but sounds like options.
Kinda cramped inside but the food was really good and cheap. The service was normal, nothing special
The lovely Katie C hosted me here after an awesome Elite Event for some late night grub. It's a very busy pub/bar that has an eclectic array of customers. We went in and grabbed a high top but were not approached or greeted until about 10min after we sat down. Tons of employees walked by us too, it's not like we were hidden in a corner. So that was a little offsetting. After we saw an outside table become available we moved out there since it was a gorgeous evening. However, smokers are outside, so that was a little icky. Our server ended up being pretty cool so that was a plus. I ordered a cider and it arrived warm in my glass. I had to request ice to actually drink it. Overall it was okay though. I went with the BLT and side of their infamous mac and cheese. I have to tell you, when the mac and cheese arrived in a unappealing cut block of baked elbow noodles, I was not impressed. However, after my first bite it was love. I am pretty sure I got an arm ache from shoveling this cheesy goodness in my mouth. The BLT was unimpressive with overcooked bacon. I should have just gotten a large block of the mac and cheese and I would have been set. Overall, it's a typical bar so don't expect the best service but their food seems like it would satisfy tons of cravings. Give it a shot.
Blue cheese stuff cheeseburger is amazing! Tons of beer choices. Great place to chill with friends! Only one negative: Luck of the draw with the servers. Have had two great and one terrible.
Very chill atmosphere, very proper and diverse place. Very pleased with the food and staff but I was very sad they didn't have fried green beans for me that day.
NEVER GO HERE!  After an hour we still didn't have any food.  Our waiter didn't care and told me it would be another 10 -15 minutes for our food because they ran out of kaiser rolls for my sandwich.  Super funny cause it wasn't supposed to be on a roll in the 1st place.  It was a Monday evening and there were only a few tables full.  We left!
The beer list is a work of art...and they have a handy little free app that you can download to see everything they have on tap.   The ambiance was cool, taps hanging from the ceiling, kinda dark...a few beards, piercings, lots of ink and a couple of soccer moms on first dates in the crowd.  The staff was all really friendly. We ordered chicken nachos and there was enough for 5 people.  The chicken was really flavorful...the salsa was too sweet and totally distracted from the meat...it was the canned hyper yellow cheese (which I secretly love)...and unfortunately, we got a bunch of really stale chips.   I got too full on the chicken and my Shipyard Pumpkinhead (in June...YAY!!!!) to order dinner, but my +1 got the meatloaf roulade ($13.95 with two sides and a salad)...this meatloaf was really delicious and not traditional at all covered in a white cheesey sauce.  Fried green beans and fries on the side...we were stuffed! I'll go back for sure...I won't order the nachos, but I'm sure they can make a great burger.
It's not a secret that Kickbacks is a local favorite. I, myself, have been dining here even before I knew it was the "cool" place to go. So, of course, when I came of legal age, this was one of the first places I wanted to go to! The focus of this joint is beer. The selection does not disappoint, with 84 rotating taps. I take advantage of the free app, since the only beer menu is posted on the wall in not-so-legible handwriting. In short, Kickbacks is one of my favorite places to go when I want to, well, kick back! So why only 4 stars? While KG is a local attraction, it is still a greasy, old bar. I guess that's some of the appeal, which I can definitely appreciate. But the restrooms are hardly ever clean, smokers by the dozens hoard the outside seating, and the waitstaff can sometimes be less-than professional. The food is pretty average. If you're looking for gourmet burgers or exquisite dishes, look elsewhere. Like I said, this is just a bar! Your best bet is going with a sandwich (although I often choose from their throwback menu; the Fluffernutter sandwich is probably my favorite, or the Hamburger Helper). It seems like every time I go there, the food is hit-or-miss. But I'm not usually there to be wow-ed by the food, so it's not like I'm ever getting my hopes too high. If you're in the area and you're a beer snob like I am, give Kickbacks a shot. The beer menu is awesome, and I definitely recommend downloading the app before entering (or ask your waiter for a good suggestion; they're usually pretty good about finding something you'll like). Side note: If you have kids, please don't bring them after 5pm on the weekend! I've gone on a Friday night, and there will be kids at the table right next to us. Why drag young children to a bar? Bring them for breakfast or lunch.
Being from Fort Lauderdale we do not have many gastropups, some here and there nor none like Kickbacks Gastropub. We came here and although parking was a little bit of a pain, it was well worth it. We came on a Friday night and we were taken aback at the decor, it's definitely one of a kind. The atmosphere is extremely laid back with loud music and several televisions. I only wish we would've sat at the bar. Our waitress was good, very attentive to our needs and I never had an empty cup. We got chicken wings as an appetizer, and they were good. Not great. Our food was good, too. I don't remember anything spectacular about the food but we certainly enjoyed ourselves. This is a staple of Jacksonville and a must see if you are in the area. I will definitely without a doubt be coming back to Kickbacks.
I suppose If I liked beer I would REALLY love this place. I just like it because of the atmosphere. Its a place where you can go chill and...kick back! Their appetizers are awesome. I went with two of my girlfriends on Friday and we shared cheesedip and chips for our appetizer. Two of us got the simple house salad which was very yum. The other girl, our quesadilla fanatic, got the chicken quesadillas and she did not shut up about them all not. She absolutely loved them. Sweet! If you like INCREDIBLE live music, my good friend John Earle plays there every Friday night. He seriously can play a cover of any song in this world. Have you ever heard an acoustic version of Lil Wayne's Lollipop sung by a skinny white dude with a gorgeous voice? No? Stop in for a free show, bring him a tip, have a beer and kick back! (:
This is a solid three star place. It would be on the verge of 5 if not for it's diviness. Went there with my Grandson last week just to hang, chat and grab some grub. I had my heart set on a Reuben sammie and the GS got a BLT. Even with the unending list of 240 bottled and 60 draft beers to choose from, I ordered a New Castle without batting an eye, a no brainier. But it wasn't easy. Our server was (I shouldn't write what I'm thinking) 'well lets just say', new on the job. I asked what beers they have, just to be a smart ass and she said "your guess is as good as mine." She reminded me of Phoebe aka Lisa Kudrow on 'Friends'. aka Ursula on Mad About You. The girl is just a little...different? She had that look on her face that she was deep in thought about something other than the Gastropub. So, I went to work on her. Me - You don't know the beers? Her - there's so many of them. Me - how many? Her - is this a test? Me - No, I'm a customer. I'm thirsty . . . Her - So, who knows? Me - New Castle please Her - OH!! we have that. Me - Good! Her - we also have 200 some odd bottled ones. Me - Oh!, what are they? Her - they're all beers Me - I mean what kind? Her - Ooooh, there's so many. Me -     a staring gaze Her - Okay, Bud, Amber Bock and Bud light. . . . Me - Stop, I'll have a New Castle draft Her - oh!, we have that Me - is this a test? Her - for? Me - you're wanting me to give up and shit up, right? Her - Smiling, I'll get you your beer sweetie. She brings the beer. She reaches down in her apron and pulls out a list of all the beers. Her - Would you like to see this? Me- naaa, New Castle if my favorite. Her - Well, maybe next time, do you know what you'd like? Me - I've never eaten here. Between the Reuben and the roast beef, which is better. Have you had either? Her - Didn't you like the Reuben last time? Me - I've never had it. Her - Well, you'll probably not like it. Me - do you like it? Her - it has sauerkraut on it Me - and Her - yea! I like it Me - does it come on rye Her - you mean bread? Me- yes, what bread do I get? Her - white or wheat Me - No Rye? Her - I could go check Me- Wheat will be fine Her - On a Reuben? Would that be good? Me - I'll take a Reuben on wheat. Her - I'll see if we have rye Me - no, no, no, that's fine She drifted away. . . The sammie and my beer was great but the entertainment was sitcom worthy. I wonder who writes her material? Genius, simple genius
First time been there wanted to try a differen type of beer, wanted something mid red coloring. The guy gave me first a very light beer then i wanted something darker he gave me a very dark bold beer. Need more experience waiters, the food wasn't bad though.   2nd time I went better waiter better beer, love how they are open way passed midnight.
If you appreciate passion in spite of punctuality and hold good beer above all else, you will allow Kickback's to consume way too much of your time while you consume way too much of their beer. The owner is ALL ABOUT craft beers, and lovingly updates a menu board of (currently 84!) beers on tap with just about every limited edition keg put into the rotation. He also does this on a smart phone app, so you are not left to crowd and squint at the one master list  (Today's notification let me know there is a 2009 Great Divide Espresso Oak Aged Yeti now on tap). The staff are all trained on the beers and can usually answer even the dumbest question ("is that like a Blue Moon?") with intelligence and passion. They will zero in on your new favorite beer, even if it takes a couple tries. And for your whiny friend's girlfriend who only drinks cranberry vodkas, there is a full liquor bar too, so tell her to quit her yammering! There is a menu item called meatloaf remoulade that is ridiculously good. It's almost a religious experience.  Like most of their menu, it is gut-busting and not very good for you, but god damn. It is meatloaf wrapped in bacon, with some creamy remoulade spinach sauce drizzled all over it.  It also comes with a giant salad. For sides I recommend fried green beans with their delicious homemade ranch and the mac and cheese. If I am ever on a health kick, I will gladly get off the boat because the siren that is meatloaf crashed me into the rocks of a diabetic coma. So the place has a great beer selection and some great menu items. Any downsides? Jesus God yes. Maybe because of the good beer list and kitschy menu, this place is usually packed around dinner time. This place gets so packed, you often have to snake some weird path through the tables just to get to the bathroom, and then your return trip will be completely different because the amorphous mass of people has shifted into some other shape. These guys have the weirdest, most counter-intuitive table arrangements. Some tables only face one way, some have no room to pull your chair out, some involve making 6 people, sometimes strangers, get up in order to get out. Basically if you are claustrophobic you are only a short drive to Riverside away from a full on panic attack! I hear they are trying to expand and that cannot come soon enough... And if you do get lucky and find a table that can actually hold a plate, you might be waiting for hours until you get your food ordered and to your table. No joke, 1.5+ hours sometimes from the time you sit to the time you get your main dish. One time it took 45 minutes just to bring out the side salad. It's the kitchen that gets comically backed up though, you can continue to get beer after beer after beer after beer while you wait. I don't always mind that, but I am never going there again already hungry. Maybe go right after lunch with the plan to eventually eat dinner there.
Good food with large portions.  Great atmosphere.
Kickbacks used to be my go-to Sat late-nite hangout back when I was single. Me & my equally single guy BFF nearly always had a great time hanging out, meeting new people, playing Buzztime trivia and enjoying pretty good food to boot. Three months into couple-dom, me and my new beau found ourselves in need of some late-night grub.  I figure it's a good time to check out my old haunt w/my new guy. Eager to get some eats on the table, we ordered the nachos w/ground beef. The tri-color tortillas certainly looked familiar, but gone were the light, crispy warm, chips I had recalled from a few months ago.  These triangles were crunchy, and not stale, but screamed "just poured from bag!".  The ground beef, cheese sauce & shredded cheddar were all lukewarm to room temperature, making for an underwhelming re-introduction to a previous favorite. For entrees, my guy ordered the Harpoons (fish skewers) w/house salad, mac n cheese & fries as his sides.  I was in an Asian food mood, and ordered the Stir Fry w/shrimp & Caesar salad for my meal. Even in the dim light of our surroundings, and under a mountain of parmesan sprinkles, I could make out several brown-edged, limp pieces of lettuce in my salad as I picked through it.   Since it barely tasted of Caesar dressing, I asked for more on the side - but it didn't help.  I left the salad bowl 2/3 full. My "Stir Fry" was even more of a disappointment.  The rice was mushy like a serving of boil-in-bag pilaf.  I, addition to being watery itself, it was swimming in some kind of thin, ginger-teriyaki like combination of sauce that was okay - but not great or something I wanted to keep eating.  The one saving grace was the large shrimp which were not overcooked.  My suggestion, if they aren't going to bother to learn how to make a decent fried rice, is to remove this dish from the menu, or rename it w/a new description that clearly spells out that it's more like rice pilaf w/your choice of protein w/an Asian inspired sauce - than any kind of stir fry you might be expecting. Still hungry, but no longer interested in my own meal, I sneaked a few of my man's fries, which, honestly, were the best thing I had all night.  They were lightly coated, and super-crisp on the outside with a nice potato flavor. My guy's fish skewers were slightly overcooked, but lacking in flavor.  The pieces were also way too large to be bite-sized.  I've already covered the tasty fries, so we'll move onto the mac-n-cheese.  It's a gooey mass of cheese & macaroni that has obviously been cooked & turned out from another bowl/ramekin, and topped with a few bacon pieces. You'd think w/all the cheese, it'd be awesome - but it seemed more greasy than satisfyingly cheesy.  Perhaps a little seasoning would help? At the end of our dining experience, including the 2 sodas we ordered, we shelled out nearly $50.  Whoa!!!  Not quite the "affordable" or enjoyable Kickbacks that I remembered.  We took the leftovers home to the dog.... who enjoyed the nachos & fish, but also, btw, refused the poor excuse for "Stir Fry". Oh, Kickbacks, I wanted to come home again... but more than the faces have changed. :-(
If you have read any of my reviews, you know that three big things I like are an interesting drink menu, hearty food, and a laid back atmosphere.  This place has it all.  When you walk in, you will see beer taps decorating the entire ceiling.  They have a HUGE beer menu.  If you download their app, it is the easiest way to browse through.  I did a sampling of Christmas Ales.  They were all very good and I was feelin' pretty good by the time we left. I went for the roast beef panini for my meal...with bomb diggety sweet potato fries.  My fiance' got the meatloaf with the mac n cheese and veggies.  I was definitely jealous of the mac n cheese as they serve you a BRICK.  Oh and I must mention - the mac n cheese is topped with BACON. We ended up staying here for hours and, although it was very crowded, our waitress was totally fine with us hanging around and taking our time.  I definitely want to come back to Kickbacks next time I'm in Jacksonville.  I really enjoyed the laid back pub feel and I can't wait to try more of their beers!
I worked in this area for three years and I avoided it like the plague. I guess I was put off by the people drinking beer at 7:00 am on the patio area as I headed to work. I should not have been so critical.  The food is good, the clientele eclectic and service is fantastic.  If you go, try one of the following: BLT Pizza Breakfast #1 Monte Cristo Sandwich (just like Bennigans) Creme Brûlée Beer Great place inside, kind of rough looking outside.
Come here for the beer - not the food or the service. $5 for stale chips and salsa from a jar, even though the menu said homemade. So if it is homemade, I don't know who's home they mean. I find better in a jar for much less. The atmosphere, beer selection, eclectic menu options, and the location are fun. Waiting a long time for crappy food is not.
Despite going to college, I never developed the taste for beer. As a result of going to college, my body now rejects vodka and most other hard liquor. So I can't really gush about the variety of libations offered at Kickbacks since I really don't care. I know they have a lot of beer (any place whose main decor style is beer paraphernalia better be prepared to bring it). For a bar/pub, the food was prettily decorated, but wasn't mind-blowing. We started off with the beef quesadillas. The GF had the hot dogs and was mildly freaked that the dogs were longer than the bun, that they had that casing *snap* when you bit into them, that the restaurant had no relish, and that the coleslaw side was not the sweet kind. I was delighted for all the same reasons. I ordered the chicken bistro sandwich which would've been boring had it not been for the french onion and mushroom spread. I think they serve that stuff separately as an appetizer which is what I'll be ordering next time. I also had the banana bread pudding and it lacked the sweetness that makes dessert worth ordering. I think I had the same waitress as Ed L. It seemed that it took a few seconds for things to register for her. Let's see, if Ed's theory is correct and she was "new to the job" in mid-March, she should be relatively experienced by now, so I'm just going to say she's just generally spacey. So why did I give this place 4 stars considering that they specialize in something I don't particularly like, their food is only slightly better than okay, and their waitstaff floats around in the stratosphere? Because their sweet potato fries are served with powdered sugar and cinnamon butter. That's f-ing brilliant.
We came here yesterday as a treat for my oldest son's 18th birthday. He considers himself a burger fanatic and we knew he'd be treated right here. LOL! My poor husband went to order a beer and when he saw the list of what is on tap, well, let's just say he was shocked. I'm too short to see the whole list on the wall, but I know there were more than 85 beers. I ordered for him one of my faves: Bold City Brewery's Duke's Cold Nose Brown Ale. It was delish and he was very happy with the choice. I think next time, I'm just going to pick a number at random. My sons both had a stuffed burger and were very, very pleased with them. One prefers his well-done, the other medium-rare, and they both got perfectly cooked burgers just to their liking. Daughter had the popcorn shrimp (rather ordinary) but the mac & cheese side dish was super! She insisted everyone have a taste and we agreed that is was very good. Hubby & I deviated from our burger routine and he had the Jax Cheese Steak and I had the Chicken Ceasar Salad wrap. Sounds like I wussed out considering the awesome looking choices I could have had, but I had a bad head cold and this hit the spot. Very fresh. Next time, I'm having what hubby had - he let me have a taste and it was awesome. The place had been rearranged a bit since the last time I was inside (hubby usually picks up take out when we eat here) and all of us had a great time looking at all the taps hanging from the ceiling. The new (to us) layout is a lot more comfortable to sit in and open and I can see how they can get a lot of people inside without it being too cramped. The bathrooms were clean. Now I will say it took a bit of time to get our food to us. The waitress kept in touch, made sure we were doing well and were not neglected. This is NOT fast food and I did not expect it to be served fast. We all agreed it was definitely worth the wait.
Came in for lunch with the bestie during vacay. Lots to look at on the menu. Ordered a jax cheese steak with onion petals. I was not a big fan of the sandwich. Service was good. Seats could be reupholstered. Loved the beer taps on wall. This is definately a drinking establishment.
In order to truly appreciate Kickbacks, you have to recognize what Kickbacks is. This is not fine dining, and it's not a strict bar. It serves the neighborhoods of Riverside and Avondale well, and I think that perhaps people from other parts of the city don't quite get Kickbacks. Kickbacks is open 20 hours a day, and at first blush, looks like it might have some seedy characters inside. Sure, a requirement for hiring at Kickbacks is multiple tattoos, and yes, there are patrons who show up on unicycles, but on any Sunday morning, you'll also find families straight out of a Vineyard Vines catalog. Everyone there is nice. You may not get the speediest service, but all of the servers are very knowledgeable about the vast menu of food and beverage. And if you don't like what you have ordered, they're quick to fix it. I won't even bother commenting on the beers, except to say that they baby their beer lines and the list more than a sushi chef babies his yellowtail. It's ever-changing, and the best way to find out what's on tap is to check the facebook page or sign up for their e-mail list. Their appetizers are all wonderful, and Kickbacks specializes in fried....everything. However, one particular stand out of the non-fried variety is the French Mushroom Spread. Hot, cheesy, garlicky toasts and a delicious, creamy, mushroom dip. Mmmmm....it is the best. Their sandwiches are delicious, especially the paninis. Where else can you get corndogs on a regular menu? Their salads are huge, but I'll admit, a bit uninspired. Their pizzas are delicious too. But if you're going for a full meal...the Jake and Bake pasta, undoubtedly the creation of a chef who maybe indulged in some herbal refreshment, is cajuny, creamy, and delicious, all at once. The breakfast menu is also available at all hours, for those craving a humongous waffle at 2 AM. The breakfast burrito is delicious, and their omlettes are big and fluffy. The best part about Kickbacks? They reserve tables using mannequin heads.
What can I say? I'm ecstatic that I moved into the delivery area of Kickbacks. They are one of my top 5 for comfort foods (and of course great beer). Our first night in our new home we had the Mushroom Dip and Bread, Meatloaf Roulade (with caesar salad, fried green beans and smashed potatoes) which we shared and peanut butter pie puck for dessert delivered. First of all, I don't expect top notch food delivered. The hold time not only in the restaurant but in the car does horrible things to most foods, so I always try to order wisely. Everything was still warm, the meatloaf was full of flavor and happily lacking of grease. The potatoes were the perfect comfort side and the green beans were still crunchy. The salad wasn't wilted and everything was packaged perfectly for transport. Even the mushroom bread appetizer thing's leftovers were fantastic right out of the fridge the next day. It was a top notch experience. Dine in when you can, but Kickback's definitely knows how to deliver their always tasty food.
BEER, BEER, BEER! Biggest beer selection in the city, normally 80 plus on tap, and then even more in bottled options. Best deal is the sampler (flight) if you love beer.  You can get four different types of beer at once. One of my favorite things is the way they serve the Pumpkin Ales. They take glass rim dipped in  crushed graham crackers!!! The food is super good too. They have everything from bacon wrapped scallops to spaghetti-o's. It is alway busy and full of people, so you might have to wait, and it does take a while to get the food most of the time, but thats what the beer and friends are for, am I right? There is live music some times as well as free triva. I hear they are expanding, so thats good news. This is a place that anyone will enjoy and a great place for a night with friends.
I was recently in Jacksonville for a friend's wedding when he suggested we go here. I only got to stay for one frothy brew but I would definitely go back if I had the chance. One very cool thing about this place is the ceiling. The have glasses and bottles all hanging down and it was definitely a cool touch. They have a ridiculous amount of beers so anyone who enjoys any kind of beer can have a drink at this place.
Food is good, but the customer service is awful. Don't put in a to-go order; you'll immediately be put on hold for 5 minutes.
A solid four stars for beer lovers! 60 or so beers on tap and the choices are always changing. The atmosphere is laid back and it truly feels like a neighborhood bar. The menu is quite diverse for a pub, hence the "gastropub" moniker. It's not the best food you'll ever have but it serves it purpose with the delicious beer! I have had one very good and one so-so experience with the service. Luckily I have always been in great company when I'm there. Quick tip--if you friend them on Facebook, you'll get updates on what new beers and food specials they offer! Also if you like poker, they have real non electronic poker games on Wednesday nights!
First time in Jacksonville attending the Gator Bowl and of course I pulled up Yelp to find where the best gastropub was. Simply awesome! An intimate mix of highbacks and booths with a trendy crowd in what appears to be an artsy / eclectic part of town. Service was impeccable and so many positive things to say about the menu. First off you rarely find a large menu with everything done well, goes against the typical rules of a restaurant.... but not here! You can literally get anything from breakfast to gourmet entrees with unique dips and artisan dinners. We literally had to sample a bit of everything and it was all mouthwateringly delicious! Of course a Gastropub isnt complete without a beer selection, so turn your head to the handwritten chalkboard for an impressive selection of 80+ beers including those lovely Belgian, German, and Russian delights that are hard to find. I would HIGHLY recommend this location for its atmosphere, people, crowd, and of course food / drink. Well done Kickbacks!
The beer selection here is phenomenal and the menu of beers here resemble that of an unabridged dictionary.  It's almost impossible to read the beers they have on draft that's scribbled on the chalkboard.  Your best bet is to tell your waiter or bartender what kind of beers you generally like and have them offer you their suggestions. I tried some beers here that I've never heard of such as the Bison Organic Honey Basil Ale from Berkeley, CA and some other ones that weren't listed on the beer menu at the suggestion of our waitress.  None of them disappointed. Kickbacks Gastropub blows the other beer joints I've been to around the U.S. out of the water.  Flying Saucer, The Ginger Man, The Draught House Pub, Little Woodrow's, and Winking Lizard have nothing on Kickbacks. This place is a must visit for all beer lovers.
Kickbacks is one of those places that you don't expect to blow you away, especially if you haven't been there before. You come inside and are immediately greeted with a familiar bar-like atmosphere, complete with plenty of flat screens, high tops and a bar. It's only after you've been there for 20 minutes or so, you start to notice things like the menu in front of you, then the immense amount of beers they have on tap at the bar and finally at the side wall where they list more than 80+ beers that they have on tap. The menu has a lot of things that you expect to find a bar, but they cleverly name themselves a "gastropub", which is a fancy way of saying "yes, we are a bar, but we also have some awesome-ass grub." From their appetizers to their soups, sandwiches and entrees, KBs has everything you could ask for in pub fare, but they do it so well that it blows your socks off. You can order up breakfast too! A friend of mine always gets the fish and chips, which are done to perfection. I always have had the sandwiches. Others get the more sophisticated entrees like the meatloaf and the cordon bleu omelette. The mac n cheese is phenomenal and so are the clam strips! And, the thing tops everything off is that you can down all their great food with any one of their many beers. Everything goes great with the right beer and their staff will definitely help you with deciding which is best for their meal. All in all, it's the best Pub in town. No doubt.
The King Street District is full of night life, and a good time. Plenty of bars in the area to enjoy, and no shortage of people. So what about when you're done drinking and need some grub to finish off the evening? Kickbacks offers a great environment and an amazing menu to choose from. This is a true gastropub with great prices and generally great service. I've been around the US and haven't found a place that fits the "I'm drunk and I need food" mood quite like Kickbacks. Don't expect the best meal of your life, but definitely expect to leave feeling satisfied.
Only been going to kickbacks last year and never have I received awful service. Place was partly busy, waited for 15 minutes only to be slighted by 2 waiters. All I asked was if there was someone that could serve a party of 2. Granted, 2 parties arrived after us which received menu's a few minutes of sitting. One of the waiter eventually walked over to us w/ a menu once we started getting up. NO THANK YOU. I'm not sure if the waiters were looking at my brother and I cause we looked young or even our skin color. Regardless, bad impressions lasts for a while.
Cool place, great atmosphere! Really, really, REALLY need to get drink menus though. As a college kid, I'd like to know how much I'm spending on a bomb, shot, or beer. Awesome music. The area around the bar is very seedy, but the place is safe. There's a section of the menu with "vintage food." Basically stuff that costs less than $.50 is hiked up 6x that, but whatever!
I am in LOVE with this place!  We came on a Friday evening, probably before the Friday night rush.  We were seated right away, no waiting!  It's kind of dark, but not in a bad way.  They have beer taps hanging from the ceiling, which I thought was pretty neat.  TV's everywhere for those of us that like to watch a good football game. Or you can play a game with other patrons.  The staff was very friendly, even though our waiter seemed to get distracted easily.  They have tons of beer choices, wish I could learn to love different beers, but I am a Mich Ultra kinda girl!  I like my beer in a bottle and ICE cold, I got the bottle but it was not ICE cold to my liking.  I'm kind of hard to please in that area, sorry!  Got the stuffed shrimp jalapeño poppers, they were yummy.  I think they may have been frozen, but still tasty.  I ordered the blackened fish wrap, and that my friend was deliciouso!!!  My side was onion pedals, which seemed to be frozen as well, but still good.  He got the feta cheeseburger, it was okay.  I didn't get any of the feta, which I am sure is what actually makes that burger tasty. Will for sure be back!
Had a chance to visit Kickbacks for the first time yesterday while in Jacksonville from Georgia.  What a great place to enjoy some good food and some outstanding beers!  Anyone who has had a chance to visit some of the great beer bars throughout the country will note that this place ranks up there among the best.  It was late in the evening when we arrived so we stuck with appetizers.  A total of seven in all.  The Nacho's are great and the portion is significant.  My favorite by far were the fried clams that were fresh and breaded in house.  Our least favorite were the Egg Rolls but they were still decent.  For dessert we ordered the Brie in Puff Pastry and paired it with the Cigar City Creme Brule' Stout.  Damian our waiter provided seller service and he gets big props for pulling out the bottle of Allagash Hugh  Malone for us to enjoy. Hope to be back to visit soon.
Incredible place. If you like beer and are Jacksonville and do not go here, you are wrong. They had 84 beers on tap, and according to their app, 68 pages worth of beers in bottles. Food was good, bar food, but a step above what you would normally expect out of a bar. But who goes to a place like this for food? Service was good, our server Jody was helpful and gave us a lot of tips as to which beers we should look for. If you are in the area, definitely a place worth checking out.
I love this place. Beer, full bar and great grub despite the HUGE food menu. You will love this place however do NOT be in a hurry. If you are, Burger King is a block away.
Oh man, I usually don't eat stuff like this, but the corn nuggets were sooooo good. My salad hit the spot, too. Fresh leafies and tangy dressing without a ton of shitty sugar. We ate at the bar, because the dining room was pretty packed due to renovations. The bartender was really funny without being invasive -- I legitimately cracked up at one point when he pulled a face over something silly -- and we both liked his recommendations on beer, wine and food. Friendly guy sitting next to my boyfriend at the bar struck up a little happy-hour convo, but knew when to leave us alone, too. Just really nice people, welcoming vibe and solid bar/pub food all around at this spot.
The menu is a smorgasbord ranging from wings and burgers to spaghetti-o's and waffles. Our server said that they are open 20 hrs a day and usually work a 12 hr shift with no break, but that they all love where they work. When it came to choosing a beer, the wait staff is very knowledgeable about all the fare they carry (84 on tap and over 100 bottled) to recommend the perfect brew. The food was excellent, and despite how crowded they were on a Saturday night, we got our food in a timely manner. Prepare for large portions! All in all, I loved the atmosphere, the food, and the beer. I'll definitely be going back to Kickbacks.
Kickbacks is amazing!  They've always got a decent crowd, they serve food till 1am, they have great beer selection, and is the best pub in Jacksonville! Cons, service can be slow when they're slammed.  Sometimes hard to find parking.
Really, any place with 84 beers on draft is OK in my book.  They have a wide range of beers (obviously) and the place is ALWAYS packed!  They're constantly changing the draft selection so it's always fresh and new.  Don't miss the giant board on the wall with all 84 drafts listed including the alcohol content, price, size, and name of each beer.  If you have a smartphone, download the Kickbacks app and you can see the list of drafts. The ambience is casual and fun, with keg taps hanging from the ceiling and loud music playing.  There is a wide range of people who frequent Kickbacks, but mostly 20's-30's locals looking for a good time, great beer & a cheap bite to eat.  There are plenty of big tables for groups.  But be warned - if you're there with a group and they're busy, the service can move at a glacial speed. The menu is pretty big, but not overwhelming, and it is all pretty well priced.  The food is decent but I probably wouldn't go there just for the food (hint: I go there for the beer!).
Best pumpkin beer, love the graham cracker and spice rim. Super packed and loud due to Sunday football games, Jacksonville Cougars playing. Beers on draft selection was not robust , seemed to be out of a lot of beers. Medium burger was almost well done.  Daughter enjoyed the wings, you get more than most in an order. French dip was not impressive.  Service was a bit slow, probably due to the number of people and server said the place is currently under renovation.
Wow, so apparently it is ok to give terrible service all night long then when you don't get a tip and have management come out and start a fight then complain to your rent a cop and have paying customer in jail for trespassing. That really happened last night to a friend, was thinking of going there tonight but forget that!!!
Had to update.  I've now been to KB a couple times and I still think it's great.  It's just as everyone describes, casual, fun and a good time.  You can wear what you want.  You can look how you look.  You can get a lot of good beers... I guess the only thing weird is that if you are towards the front of the bar, your face gets blocked by the beer taps. It's a great neighborhood spot and I wish I lived closer.
If you live in Jacksonville, it's hip and cool to say that you go to Kickbacks. But secretly, in our minds, we all know that there's nothing favorable about eating there. Let's begin with how loud the music is inside the restaurant. Kickbacks is situated on a side of town (Springfield) where there's a procession of bars and nightclubs. Kickbacks' music, combined with all the music from local spots, makes one wonder why the Kickbacks staff would turn on the television when they know no one can hear anything. And because it's so loud in there, you have to scream in the waiters ear to place your order. Pray to whoever your higher being is that the order comes out right. Also pray to that higher being for a Zen-like amount of patience because, whether it's just you, or everyone from NAS JAX, your food will take 4-6 business years to arrive. And when it arrives, it will taste fine enough, but it will look incredibly unappealing, as if someone DID make a wonderful dish at first, but then decided to throw it against the wall. Your meal, my friend, is the remaining food that they scraped off the wall. Enjoy Kickbacks.
Chill spot with great beer selection and good food. Ribs were great..Mac and cheese not so much.
Kickbacks has an amazing beer selection. Over 60 beers on draft and it seems like hundreds on bottle. They also occasionally have aged beers, which really does change the flavor of beer. I love their menu, because it actually has something for everyone. It ranges from burgers to creme brulee to ramen noodles! You can even get spaghettio's if that is what you need at 2 am. The staff has always been super attentive and friendly each time I have gone there. I also love that they have computer trivia, so you never have to be bored. Also, on Wednesday nights they host two poker tournaments.
Awesome late night hang out!  They feature a gigantic beer selection on tap(84 beers to be exact)!  I tried out a tangerine infused beer last time I was there and I honestly felt like I just got my daily serving of fruit for the day (felt is the key word). Their food is amazing as well!  They have a very interesting menu with great items such as their Monte Christo (my fave) and I always get the sweet potato fries as my side.  I tried their mac and cheese, and although it was delicious, it can't match up to their sweet potato fries!  Their stuffed burger is delicious as well, reminds me of a "juicy lucy" because they offer either bleu cheese or feta to be stuffed into the 1/2 lb burger like a thanksgiving turkey.   Every time I am in the dirty Duval, I have to drop by here and indulge on some awesome fatty foods and delicious thirst quenching beer!  Love this place!
The menu is so large it is very hard to choose but since I went at 11:30 am I decided on breakfast.  For $8 I got a ton of food, eggs, sausage, toast, potatoes, a waffle.  The waffle was the best part.  Least favorite were the eggs but, to be honest, eggs were never my favorite anyway...these lacked fluff. In past visits I've also had the veggie panini and it was pretty good.   Other pluses:  they have over 100 beers on tap, breakfast all day, tons of sports on tvs. Kind of Minuses:  it's small and a bit crowded....but I hear they are expanding so they will be one of Jax's largest bars! I'm not sure if it's a positive or negative but they also have Ramen, Spaghettios and PB&J on the menu.  (: Tips:  I think it's a great place to go and hang out....get there early if there is a big game on, don't park where it says parking for a particular business only, and it's seat yourself!
everything ive had from here is great..they fry everything it seems, and they do it well! ive only eaten in a few times, and its really nice there..laid back and trendy..mostly ive had their food delivered to my work..i work at the police memorial bldg on bay street and alllll my coworkers and i love to get kickbacks delivered..i almost always get their chili cheese fries..i LOVE that they send you a box with the fries, and then put the chili in one cup and the cheese in another..this is great for delivery cause the fries dont get soggy on the way to you..i also love that they have ramen noodles on the menu..id never order them, but its cute!
love this place
A great place to kickback and enjoy beer with friends. They have an extensive amount of beer in their menu, and they are all decently priced. Food here, they are great! Never had any doubts or problems with the quality of food from Kickbacks. They have a great selection of food. Place is usually crowded in the early evenings, however on weekends they are crowded at all hours of the evening since they are open late. Place makes a good hangout spot afterwork, or after a nights out.
I was in Jacksonville on business and was trying to find dinner in the immediate area of my hotel for some of my co-workers.  I used yelp, and didn't really read the reviews, only the types of places ( i didn't have a lot of choices).   I emailed the names to my peeps, and they said.. "To the Gastropub". Now, I can't tell you if its a good area or not, but it seemed OK to me.  We had to park on the side street ( I didn't see any bar parking), and the only reason why that SUCKED was because it was rainy and humid.  YUCK. The dark exterior of this place matches the dark interior... my kind of place. I love places that have the darker color scheme, it just seems 'cooler' to me.  We sat down and upon looking around there are tons of the Draft Caps ( i don't know what the real term is for the things you pull on to get the beer from the keg... THOSE!!)... hanging from the ceiling... showing a bunch of different beer labels.  One on wall against the brick were shelves of different beer bottles, and then a big board listing all of the 70-- or 80 bear selections. I am not a beer drinker( plain jane bud light girl)... but the guys at the table love this kind of stuff.  I swear they tried about 4 or 5 different kinds, and loved each one.  The server really seemed to know her brew-skies !!!   The guys kept complimenting the selection.  So to me, I think that says a lot!! The food... was GREAT.  Everything we tried we liked and we even split a few desserts!!  Everyone enjoyed their meal. I had a steak, which isn't like a Ruth Chris' steak.... but still pretty good for where I was. Great atmosphere! Good for groups! I would go again!
Since I have to relocate to Jacksonville for work I have took it upon myself to sniff out the best restaurants to visit when I move. One that constantly kept coming up was Kickbacks. So when I arrived to Jacksonville it was on our to do list. Parking was a little difficult because there is no specific area for them but we found parking on a side street fairly easily.          When we walked up to the restaurant there were a number of people outside laughing and drinking beer. Good company, beer flowing always make for a good time. As we walked in I was in aw of all the hanging beer taps from the ceiling. The atmosphere was very vibrant and reminds me of a restaurant back home. The huge Nirvana picture on the wall and all the beer signs kept my eyes looking for the next thing to pop out at me. From the moment the host seated us we felt as if we have been there before. I forget the waitress name but she really took care of us. I was indecisive about what I wanted to drink and she help narrow it down for me until I decided on a cigar city ipa, which was very good. I knew I wanted the Mac and cheese from others reviews, so I ordered that with the blue cheese stuffed burger. I added bacon and provolone cheese to sweeten the pot. The wife ordered the country fried steak with the Mac and cheese, cole slaw with a side salad. I have been with my wife for 8 years and never seen her order chicken fried steak anywhere or let alone step out the box with out a little push. This was very amusing when she ordered it.     When the food came out my hamburger looked delicious. The bacon on my burger was crispy and it was medium just the say I like it. The thing that caught my eye was the portion sizes. They don't skimp on the amount of the sides. My wife had two large fried steaks that were made fresh. The coleslaw came out in two dishes which she was only able to finish one. She looks over at me and says" I know I am pregnant but I can't finish all of this". Needles to say the side salad and one dish of coleslaw worked her over. We joked on the way home about how we took a whole meal home with us.     Overall I give this place five stars from the atmosphere to the food to the service everything was great. Only issue I had was no beer menu that I could actually hold and view. The beer board was hanging over other customers and made me feel awkward to hover people while they eat. Our waitress made up for it by knowing the selection. I now know where I am bring my out of town friends first to eat when they visit. Loyal customer.
The restaurant is seems small because it is always packed and for good reason!  They have a huge, like 400+, bottle beers to chose from and something like 80 beers on tap!  The food is excellent and is extremely affordable!  Friendly and knowledgeable staff, a must see if you are in Jacksonville!!
I don't get to frequent this place as much as I might like, but my experience has always been a good one (even despite the a/c not working on my first visit). Beer, beer, and more beer! If you're in the mood to try a unique beer, this is the place. There are typically over 60 beers on tap (the selection changes daily) and then a few hundred bottled beers to choose from. I tried a smoked beer which wasn't bad, but I don't know if I'd ever order it again. The environment is super casual and the crowd is diverse enough to be comfortable walking in even if you're not from around the Riverside area . The food is pretty damn good, too! I enjoyed my order of the BBQ pizza (all the pizzas come on focaccia bread) and tater tots (off the "vintage" section of their menu which also features spaghetti-o's and hamburger helper...how awesome is that?!). Also, I was lucky enough to be with friends who don't mind sharing. Mike was actually super-excited to share his salmon burger...yes, it was that good. As were the sweet potato fries sprinkled with powdered sugar and side of cinammon butter he ordered with it. I didn't get to try Tony's veggie omelet, but it was a good size and looked pretty delicious - how can you go wrong with breakfast, right?! I think the best thing about it is that you can order anything from the food menu until 3am! Their website is fickle, so if you want more detail straight from the horse's mouth I would go to their facebook page (facebook.com/pages/Jacks…). It's worth the trip, so go check this place out!!
We were staying at the Crowne Plaza Riverfront in Jacksonville, and needed some late nights eats after finishing up work for the day. We called Kickbacks - amazing! They have the most eclectic menu that includes a featured "vintage" section - I'm talking sloppy joes, spaghetti o's, etc - all of your childhood favorites! The entrees were HUGE and tasty.
I could cry about how good this place is. They offer their full gigantic menu at all times & have the best drunk food around. The menu is extensive--burgers, sandwiches, pasta, vegetarian/vegan options, breakfast foods...and if it's not on the menu they will probably make it for you! Service has continuously been enjoyable and quick.
The cinnamon slightly sugar powdered sweet-potato fries were the most amazing thing I've tasted since the jalapeno tomato base I ate at Two Urban Licks in Atlanta, GA. It was Saturday night, I came in here already a bit tipsy from the LOFT across the street, and promptly ordered a steak philly sandwich and it came with fries.  The fries, I tell you, were very memorable, and the sandwich was awesome as well. We continued the night with the many beers and drinks they had available, and it was definitely a great time.
An old college friend came in to town to have dinner with me. I was very excited, and wanted to show her the best Jacksonville had to offer. We were brainstorming ideas, and came up with Kickbacks, as she had recently read an article rating Kickbacks as one of the best restaurants in Jacksonville. Upon arrival, I was shocked to see how rundown the place was. The flooring seemed to be missing, all of the booths had big rips in the upholstery, and the place just seemed cruddy. We sat down at a corner booth, and I had to kick all kinds of weird trash out from under my feet. We asked our server for some beer recommendations, and he either wasn't interested in offering any recommendations or really didn't know what he had available. He just pointed to a sign on the wall and told us to pick something. The beer came to us warm, and my friend's martini was made wrong. We ordered food, which was ok at best. The food was basic, greasy bar food. I guess this type of food serves a purpose, but seeing how we weren't drunk and it wasn't late night, I could of gone for something with a little more culinary inventiveness and some fresh ingredients. Then, to really set the mood, A COCKROACH RAN ACROSS OUR TABLE AND DISAPPEARED SOMEWHERE BETWEEN MY PLATE AND THE BOOTH!!!! We were horrified and let our server know what happened. He was pretty dismissive about it, and told us we could move tables if he wanted. He didn't ask us if we wanted to stay, didn't send a manager over to check on us, and didn't offer to buy us a round of drinks or dessert. Nothing. I know cockroaches happen in restaurants, but the lack of worry from the waiter makes me think cockroaches are a huge problem at Kickbacks. I'm not really surprised, given the place seemed dirty. After we moved tables, the server completely disappeared. We spent long periods of time with nothing to drink, and had to actually hunt our server down to ask for a dessert menu. Now that I'm home, my tummy is pretty upset from all the grease in my meal, I feel like I seriously need a shower after sitting in that dirty restaurant, and I'm pretty disappointed I wasted a fun night out on such a dud of a place. I won't be back, and I really don't understand how anyone gives this place good reviews. Maybe I just caught the place on a bad night, but there's no excuse for the complacency in the cleanliness of the restaurant and the quality of service. I guess I understand now how the place got so many health code violations . . . . .
This place is such a gem in the Riverside/Avondale area of Jax where everything seems to close at 10 pm.  I love going here for the beer and the food-which is served until very late.  The Mac and Cheese is the best but everything I've had so far is delicious and large portions which I usually split with someone else-and they will split the meal for you without charging extra.   The only downside is the seating is a free for all-there has never been a hostess there when I've gone-and there really isn't a convenient place to wait for a table.  Also, they have tons of beers and an ever changing selection, but the beer menu is written up on the wall on a chalkboard in tiny writing so it's basically impossible to read unless you go right up to it.  But otherwise they have a full liquor bar and make their drinks strong!
Love kickbacks. The quality of the food and drink is always above par.  Service can sometimes be a pain but it's worth the wait.   I had the blackened mahi mahi sandwhich this afternoon.  It was light and flavorful and set me off in a great mood for the rest of the day. My server Heather was super helpful and I was impressed by her knowledge of the menu and her ability to relay information about the food, specials, amd future of kb without making me feel like I was being marketed to. It's great to have a server who is proud of the establishment at which they're employed. As for the future expansion of kb, please don't sacrifice the quality of the food .  It's an all too often mistake restauranteurs make.
How do I love Kickbacks? Oh let me count the ways... 1. Food is awesome. My personal favorite things to order are the clam strips appetizer & a side of sweet potato fries. WARNING: Side portions are HUGE, but if you're me, you end up being really stoked about how many fries are in front of you. 2. Open late, so when drunkards stumble in from the other outstanding bars on the block, they can eat & share in Kickbacks delicious goodness, too. 3. SO MUCH BEER. If you're a beer drinker, this is your place. They are always getting new things on tap (there's even an iPhone app to keep track of it... not kidding) & for people who don't like beer (read: me), they have pretty fantastic cider & wine choices, too! I could go on forever, but really I love the vibe at Kickbacks. I LOVE KICKBACKS PERIOD. Everyone needs to at least try this place once.
Kickbacks started the comeback revolution on King Street in Riverside, and it keeps getting better.  At least a half dozen different restaurants began and ended in the same location over the past 20 years, but Kickbacks has lasted the test of time. Fabulous beers (100+ on tap) and good food, but the real secret is the blend of Riverside people - all kinds, and everyone gets along.
Pretty laid back place, very chill. Ordered our appetizer and it came out fast, and was pretty good. But our meal took 30 minutes for a burger and sandwich. The burger was ok but the Reuben was dry. Decent prices but not for the quality of food and the length of time to get it
Kickbacks is a cool place to hangout with friends and enjoy a beer you've never had before.  The beer menu is tough because it's forever changing and you have to stand up to read the list.   I've had the food, nothing to write home about.  Smoke a cigarette, sit outside, drink a great beer and people watch!  Trust me, you'll like it, even the cigarette.
I've been here a ton of times before but this is my first time since I started yelping. This place is always packed to the max and finding parking can be a chore. The last few times I came here the food took exceptionally long to come out, well over an hour. There were also some times where servers have been less than acceptable, for example, not returning to our table for very long periods or even to say hey, sorry for the long wait but your food should be up soon. I was starting to give up on good ole Kickbacks but still had a glimmer of hope for them. Today was very busy due to the Playoffs being aired on the multiple TV screens. The service was pretty good despite the place being so busy. Our food came out at a reasonable time as well. I was pleasantly surprised with them all around on this visit. The food here is all pretty delicious. I've tried just about everything here. The funnel cake fries are a must get for me whenever I visit and I recommend everyone try them. So delicious!
Love this place.  They have a Beer Bible here.  It's a list of all their beers... and needless to say, it's a lot.  And a lot of them are on tap.  And I don't even really like beer.  But it's impressive.  =)     And check out their ceiling! Their menu is awesome... they have everything.  Seriously.  Crazy burgers and sandwiches, pastas, meats, comfort food, and all-day breakfast (pancakes, omelettes)... if you have someone who's a picky eater in your party, come to Kickbacks. The only thing is that it's a tad too loud for me... but it's a pub and I get that. Oh, there's this one sandwich I got that was deep fried and was a heart attack waiting to happen.  I'll never order it again because I don't wanna die but it's pretty tasty. Highly recommend coming here!
Delicious! I loved this place. We got there around 730 on a Friday night and was seated right away. We ordered some beers and they came out rather quickly. For an appetizer we got the shrimp stuffed jalapeno poppers. I'll admit they seemed like a frozen appetizer, but they were very very good. I ordered a feta stuffed cheeseburger with a side of broccoli. It was cooked perfectly and very tasty. My hot mama got a blackened fish wrap. She was very happy with it, I took a bite of it and kind a wish I ordered it to!!! The beer selection is phenomenal! The atmosphere and overall feel of the place was right up my alley! We will definitely be return visitors of this fine establishment.
A little disappointed this time.  Beers on tap were limited because of work on a cooler.  The burger stuffed with blue cheese was missing the stuffing.  Service girl appeared to be more interested in talking with her friends than in service.
Kickbacks is definately a great "Local's " place to go.. I remember coming here 6-7 years ago when it first opened and there not being much, this place has grown substantially and has probably more beer on tap than any other place The atmosphere is very hipster and laid back, It is fun to go with friends and throw a few beers back The place does get very crowded and it can be difficult to get a seat outside especially The service is very good - they actually messed up my order but the waitress was very apologetic and made up for the mistake - A- ok in my book and I will be back here soon!
This place is a great joint to meet up with friends and share a few drinks, listen to some tunes on the jukebox and have some ok food. The beers on tap are endless, and you are allowed to sample, and mix and match the beers if you would like. The also have a wide variety of bottle beers and also make mixed drinks if you should those as well. The food can be hit or miss at kickbacks. I have had the spicy chicken wrap and it is good, and my husband always opts for the hotdogs and he loves them! However, my friends dont always make out the same way. The mac-n-cheese can be dry and crusty, and the queso cheese dip is not great, however the salsa is fantastic. FYI the menu is huge and I only had the pleasure of eating there 2 or so, so my knowledge of the rest of the food is limited, however I will ok back often for the great service and friendly environment.
Went here with my wife and 18 month old daughter.  Wouldn't recommend bringing a small child, but it wasn't too bad. We ordered the shrimp poppers as an appetizer, which was excellent.  My wife ordered a chicken orzo risotto. I was not terribly impressed by the texture of the risotto or the flavor. It was just ok. It was only $12 on the menu so I'm not going to be terribly critical. I ordered a simple hamburger and sweet potato fries. The burger was subpar for sure. It tasted like they used Worcestershire Sauce in the mixture. Also, the texture was bad. Our server was fantastic. She really knew the menu front and back and we got a kick out of how she called us "darling". I would definitely go back, but with lower expectations for the food next time.  Gotta love all the beers on tap though.
Kickbacks is an affordable southern gastropub. They have most of the standard pub fare. They offer lots of sandwich options, all of which are pretty good. They offer lots of fried items which are exactly what you'd expect of fried pub food. They're tasty but nothing special. There a couple specific things that Kickbacks gets major points for offering all of the foods you loved as a kid: PBJ, spaghetti o's and hamburger helper. On my visit I ordered the hamburger helper since I'm a sucker for kids foods. The amount of food I was served was amazing. I think they must have served me the whole box of hamburger helper. Maybe two boxes! It also had an absurd amount of hamburger in it. It was definitly more than I could eat and not be sick. The space is cool as well with the entire ceiling covered in beer taps. The only negative I have for this one is the service is very very slow since they started construction. Hopefully that will improve once they finish.
I am in love with this place.  The food is amazing, the atmosphere is terrific, the beer is fantastic.  The best part, I can walk.  That way I don't have to worry about parking or driving after a couple of beers.  Sunday Monday or Tuesday are the best nights to go.  As those are the least busy nights.
My brother has repeatedly mentioned kickbacks and the awesomeness of the place at about 3am.  I asked him if he had ever been there during daylight and he replied, "no".  I decided to gather up friends on a baby free Sunday and made a reservation for 8. My brother scoffed that I made reservations but I absolutely hate waiting for a table especially on a baby free Sunday. We arrived early and the place was not very crowded (which I liked).  Our server greeted us and took us to our table. Our server asked what we wanted to drink.  Obviously, I said "beer".  He pointed to the massive list on the wall that needed a super high powered magnifying glass to read.  He asked what I liked (although he looked at me kind of stupidly) and brought me over a cold, delicious beer. Friends arrived and we ordered our food.  I chose the epic monte cristo.  That sandwich was PERFECT.  I dream of this sandwich.  The only thing I would change is the powdered sugar on top.  Instead of the mac and cheese, I should have gotten the fried green beans (so good). I still can't get over as to HOW delicious this sandwich was.   Our server seemed to be in better spirits later on in the day and was very patient with us when we wandered outside and never returned inside.  Sunday funday does that to you. I highly recommend the monte cristo.  I would not recommend the burger stuffed with blue cheese.  There was a small amount of cheese in about a two inch pocket.  I would rather have had blue cheese crumbles on top. I commend Kickbacks in putting up with my screaming daughter and helping me entertain her without giving me the evil eye. Can't wait to get my hands on that monte cristo.  The sandwich is what dreams are made of.  The beers are plentiful.  Great place for friends!
Food is ok, but the reason I keep going back is the amazingly huge selection of craft beers on tap. The servers are all young, cool, and know A LOT about the beers they serve.  You tell them what you're in the mood for (IPA, light beer, or even something as specific as something halfway between a wheat and double IPA), and they will have a great recommendation for you. Great NYC-style bar atmosphere with low lights, brick walls, and taps everywhere. Great little neighborhood place!!
Is it possible to say this place sucks so bad that I give it a negative 2 stars?  The first time I went, I ordered my lunch to go.  It was decent, I ordered the Monte Cristo with Sweet Potato fries... They spaced giving me the dipping sauce and the food was room temp when I got it.  Whatever, it tasted decent and maybe the cook was having an off day.  Took my GF and my son for take out lunch about two weeks later to find that my same Monte Cristo was almost burnt (and again sans dipping sauce) and my same Sweet Potato fries were almost frozen.  My GF had the Jax Philly that she describes as "Disappointingly bland and dry" with the loaded mashed potatoes that were over cooked and dry as well.  There was nothing good about the second go 'round.  So I called.... and the single rudest woman answered.  When I asked to speak to a manager she informed me that "managers don't handle customers" and when I pressed again to speak to a manager, she informed me that he was not available..  So I waited, and called the next day... When I was able to speak to a manager.. they assured me that the situation would be "Looked in to" and asked for my number with a promise to call me back with a resolution.  Over a week later - No call.... Definitely not worth a revisit.
I give this place 3 stars only because their music is quite loud which makes it hard to carry on a normal conversation at a table.  It can also get quite packed in there. However their beer list is very expansive and for that, I give props!
Victory on tap and a stuffed blue cheese burger, yum. A must stop in Jacksonville.
I wish I could give Kickbacks an award for being so awesome, but a great review will suffice, I guess. I love LOVE Kickbacks. There really aren't enough words to express it. The Food: awesome. I haven't had anything here that wasn't delicious. The Sante Fe wrap, The loaded Nachos, The Burgers, even the salads are amazing.  Breakfast all day and night! Spaghetti-Os!! Ramen noodles??! And, did I mention their Macaroni and Cheese is topped with BACON?! C'mon, you can't tell me that doesn't sound delicious. The portions are huge, I usually have to take half my meal home, except the mac and cheese, which we usually devour. BEER!! This place has so much beer, the beer menu has to be written in super small handwriting to fit them all on one board. The best part is, the servers are so knowledgeable about the best ones to try based on your preferences, that you can usually just have them pick one out for you, and chances are, you'll love it. They are open early, and stay open late. Open until 3 AM, which is amazing when you are out late and really want something delicious. Perfect for Midnight Munchies! Please, if you haven't been, do yourself a favor, and GO. It's awesome. :)
I was referred to here by my hotel front desk because they deliver up until 3am. Originally we were going to eat at the Landing, but every where was closed and being that we're not from the J'Ville area, didn't feel like driving all over the place in the middle of the night. I ordered the food at 2 am and paid by credit card over the phone. They were at the room by 2:45am. Food was still hot. Their menu was extensive and I had the southwest wrap with side salad. The wrap was tasty and the salad was salad.
Probably not the place to go while dieting. The first time I grubbed here I had the shrimp cocktail which was absolutely forgettable. The second, my entire party ordered great things off the menu and I asked for eggs n chili on top of taters.  Everything was great and I'm liking it more than the first time around. The burgers taste flame-grilled!!! I can safely say not one food item disappointed. Can't wait to try so much moar!
As I live in the neighborhood, am a frequent patron of Kickbacks and do actually love their food (once I get it), unfortunately their service time is getting really bad :(  Went in on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch, not expecting the kind of wait you'd anticipate on a Friday/Saturday night, but we ordered off the appetizer menu and waited for an HOUR AND A HALF.  Apparently, they were down a fryer in the kitchen, but as there's no manager, there's no one around to correct situations such as this.  I'm not sure how they're going to be able to handle the increase in food orders once they open the new space with the same kitchen capacity.
I most def will be coming back here! The service was quick as was the customer service and the food is great, although the Mac and cheese might've been given too much credit. The portions are huge and you get your money's worth, $15 should get you a big, fat entree and the appearance was pretty nice. I saw that this place offers over 70 different kinds of beers now I am not a beer drinking but I was impressed an will give it a try there! Don't let the location fool you the area is nice, try to avoid taking the Stockton exit to get there lol
The good is great. I had the fish wrap which was really tasty. I loved the sweet potato fries. Honey has eaten here a few times, this was my 1st visit. The service was good, maybe not the fastest, but timely. Don't go in here starving. Like Honey says, you want fast food, go to McDonalds. When you go to a sit down food establishment you have to give them time to cook stuff.
For being a bar, Kickbacks has some seriously good food!! Their wraps are delicious and fresh, their pasta dishes have HUGE flavor and the taco salad is gigantic. Those are just a few examples of their wonderful food. They also have soo many different kinds of beer it would take years to try them all, especially since they seasonally change some up. It is a fun atmosphere for all and a great jewel in the Riverside area of Jax. I would recommend for everyone.. Right now they are actually in the process of expanding so there will be more seating and parking! Improvements to an already awesome establishment.
Kickbacks is one of my absolute fav spots in Jacksonville! I promise that you won't find its expansive menu (there's even a vintage section with throwback offerings like Fluffernutter sandwiches, Spaghetti-Os, PB&J, mac 'n cheese, tots), a ridiculously lengthy beer list (it changes often), 50+ beers on tap, fantastic people watching, and a knowledgeable staff anywhere else in town with the personality and pizazz that Kickbacks exudes. This place is it! Besides the awesome beer selection, the sweet potato fries with warm cinnamon butter are drool-worthy (as are the funnel cake fries), and the ooey mac 'n cheese topped with bacon, the jalapeno poppers stuffed with warm cream cheese and served with a raspberry jam, the french toast, and the tater tots (yes, tots!) are all personal favorites. The portions are plentiful and the prices reasonable. Beer prices are a bit pricey, but the selection makes up for it. A large brick wall, emblazoned with empty beer bottles and a sprawling handwritten beer menu, makes for a great backdrop. Hundreds of beer taps hang from the ceiling, and random mannequin heads are scattered throughout the restaurant. Sometimes there's live music to listen to, or football games being shown on the many screens. It's fun to play trivia too. (they'll bring the box to your table if you ask). Kickbacks also hosts beer dinners, complete with a local "celebrity" chef, which often sell out, bringing 165 patrons at full capacity.
great beer selections ( there is an app you can down load for beer list) awesome food.
IT MUST BE A FLUKE! or CUZ I CAME IN DURING THE WEEK. Sat down at the bar at 2330 and ordered a Ruben Sandwich and it came out quicker than a McDonald's drive-thru, about 5 mins. Fastest service ever experienced since the numerous times if been here.
I've tried this place several times, and my conclusion is that it is simply not as good as people say it is. Whenever people bring up this place they bring up the beer selection and how good it is. However there is NO beer menu available, and every time I go most severs seem to have a very limited idea of what they have beyond the usual bar beers.  The staff here is friendly through, and a few severs do seem to know their beers. As others have stated you can tell them what you are looking for in a beer and they will recommend what they have to you. However this has been hit or miss for me. If you don't know the exact name of the beer you want, you only have two choices. Download their "APP" using a smart phone, or walk up to a huge chalkboard that is  located right behind a table. The "APP" is pretty useless as it doesn't show the whole selection, and the few times I've had a friend who's tried it out a bunch of the beers we selected weren't available, so who knows how often its updated. This leaves you to the chalkboard. Its huge, and the writing on it is so small, that it is pretty useless. Plus if there are people eating at the table in front of it (there always are) it is hugely awkward (I really can't emphasis this enough) to be trying to stare at the board which is RIGHT behind somebody eating (think teacher standing in front of a chalkboard). Its like your staring at a group of people trying to eat. So if you don't have a smartphone (I don't) your pretty much screwed at trying to pick a beer that you don't already know of. This takes out the fun of trying to experiment and try new beers. Whats the point of having this "great" selection if you don't even know what they have? The food here is just average too. Nothing really sticks out, and the wait time is pretty long. I don't really mind either of those two negatives since the point of the place is to hang out and enjoy time with friends, not trying to rush to grab a bite to eat during a lunch break. I have brought friends from out of town here on numerous occasions in a attempt to showcase a supposedly awesome local hangout, and every time my guests have been disappointed or straight up commented on how the place sucked (too crowded, noisy, plain food, non-existent drink menu).   I've tried going on different days, lunch or dinner or late night, and always get the same experience. I recently tried World of Beer down in Orlando, and kick backs could take a few hints from them. They have a ton more beers than kickbacks (hundreds) and yet they seem to be able to not only have drink menus, but actually have info on the beer such as its location origin. I seem to be the in the minority in regards to this place through, so I guess I'm just weird or something.
I love this place. Excellent drink selection. I love cider and they usually have an excellent selection to choose from. The food is great and the atmosphere is fun.
Delicious food, but horrible service
I enjoy the place. Food was good and good selection of beers. Breakfast was really good too. Waiter were kind of busy but was not hard to get their attention.
Absolutely love this place. I know a few of the waiters and they are great. The food and atmosphere of this place rocks. Definitely is always packed, but worth the wait for everything. I don't think I've ever waited over 30 minutes for a seat. The food does take sometime to come out, but the food is great. Go there with a group of friends, get some drinks, and order great food. To the people that bitch about the culture there (hipsters), get over it. That area is an artsy area where the majority of that scene hangs out.
Be prepared for just about every beer you can imagine, a long wait for a wide array amazing food, and a casual urbanish atmosphere.
Awesome!! BLT was mostly B which is OK by me. Deep fried green beans were delicious.  Waiter made good beer recommendations with my only guidance being "I don't like IPAs".  I will absolutely go back whenever in Jacksonville.
30 mins for a side salad with blackened chicken... I kid you not... and no they were not busy.  This was at 3:30 on a Friday afternoon and there were maybe a dozen tables combined between 3 or 4 servers... all in different stages of their meals/drinking... This kitchen is SERIOUSLY SLOW.  Kickbacks=Great for Drinking, Slow for Food.
Really a very unique place. This is a great place to go and try some new, higher end beers or drink a bunch of your old standbys. Either way, save room for food. You will find items on the menu similar to other pubs in the Riverside/Avondale/downtown area, but you will probably not find them to be as good in my opinion. I'll admit, at first, it may not look like your crowd, but give it a chance. The food and beer are great and it is a lot of fun.
700+ beers on the menu -do you need to know much else?!  The food is amazingly good for a place that screams dingy hipster-pub.  The servers are extremely knowledgeable and there will be something on the menu for even the most staunch beer critics.  The only downside, and the reason for 4/5 stars is the crowds and the parking. Apparently everyone else likes this place as much as I do.  So forget about trying to find a seat on any weekend night, but if you have a little patience, the experience is priceless.
One of the coolest bars I've ever been to. This place was made for cool people. Every beer you could ask for on tap, and the best bar menu ever. I have to say that the monte cristo is also a fave of mine, as is the mac and cheese. Where else can you get tater tots with your beer? Did I mention beer? You couldn't fit another tap handle on the bar. They are actually turned at an angle so they won't hit each other. If I didn't live 5 hours away, I would be here every night. I'm jealous of the people who live close by.
Food is pretty good. Isn't that great if you have to fight to park your car or wait for table. Above average for pub food, though. If you get a table, the place is fun, lively and colorful and the waiters funny and attitudinal.
Two words.... Monte Cristo!!!
It's doesn't get much better for a beer lover.  84 beers on tap and hundreds in the bottle.  Full menu all day, including breakfast.
This place. How can it exist in Jacksonville, the world may never know. The big complain is, "The service is soooo slooooow gug gug gug!" Cheer up, dude. You're not Bobby Brown. The food and beverages take a while, but it will be there. Maybe because of the 200 people that are lining the streets to get into this place. This is a place to CHILL. Chill out, man. Order some... screw it. I'm not going to try. It doesn't matter. They have anything you can name, like some seedy diner in Union, NJ, but everything tastes like it's from the Ritz Carlton. Well, better. Best hamburger I've ever had? Here. Best sandwiches? Here. Best beer? Seriously? There are beers I have had to mail order and wait a month to get that these people have ON TAP. Saison Dupont? ON TAP. Duchess de Bourgogne? ON TAP. Witbiers. Quads. It's all here. Fresh. Clean. Come support a living legend.
