I have been here several times--I try to stop in every time I am in the Riverside/Avondale area--and love this place.  I have been working my way down the menu, but always seem to be distracted by their Big Boy's Mac n Cheese. This stuff is crack for grown ups!  Mac n cheese and an amazing pulled pork on top.  And if that doesn't convince you, they add bacon on top to sweeten the deal.  Whoa buddy!! They have amazing pies (pizzas) as well, and one of the coolest atmospheres I have ever enjoyed in a local restaurant. Their only downside: they are so local, that I have to travel to this solo location.  :)  It is worth it, and is a great start (or end) to anyone's day!
Simply delicious. Go. Now. Enjoy. Better than Zachary's in Berkley, way better than anything in the windy city. Go. Now. Peace, love, understanding, and pie !
I've recently decided I should have been from Chicago..I like their style of pizza..I've wanted to try Carmines for a few months and finally was able to check it out on Labor Day for a meeting of my lunch group gals..they have intuition beers and lots of others to choose from..I'm happy when I see a Jon boat! Our server checked on us repeatedly while we talked and drank..then we got our act together and ordered two pies..A Chicago stuffed purple haze and a Chicago stuffed jerk chicken..Both were amazing..there's something about that purple haze that just made my mouth excited! Also the jerk chicken was really good and had bold flavors The decor here is fun..The booth was cozy and there's a nice little outside spot for when it's not as hot as the center of the sun..
We stopped here on our way through town based on the yelp reviews. The Isabella rosellini pizza was delicious. And, still good the next day as leftovers. The staff were really helpful and friendly. The sangria was very good.  So Carmines, when will you open shop in South Florida?
no words to describe how awesome this pizza is. just go. trust me.
Awesome pizza and great service!  We came in right before closing and they didn't rush us at all.  I always appreciate friendly service with a smile :)
Best local restaurant ive been to in JAX. Everyone is extremely cool and free. The decorations and interior design is so uniquely urban and slightly hipish. The air is thick with tasty smells and friendliness. As soon as you walk into the establishment your overwelmed with it all for a second. The menu seems limitless in the amount of choices they offer. I WANT TO ORDER IT ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL­LLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But sadly I only have space in my stomach for one item at a time. The pizza here is the BEST pizza Ive ever had hands down. The cheese is sooo hot and fresh it literally leaves strings of hot stringy cheese all over the corner of your lips. (If you happen to ask for cheese) The crust is very soft and damn near melts in your mouth before you even have a  chance to chew it. Overall My experience was FANTASTIC! I will definetily be coming back, no question.
Impressed.  Definitely order a plain slice of cheese pizza New York style, of course, and make sure to request "extra crispy"  I guarantee you will agree it's a very close running to an actual slice from NYC.  Just make sure you don't burn the top of your mouth with the hot cheese when you take that first bite. That would suck. Here's what we ordered (see pics):  The House with home-made Caesar dressing, Pesto Change-O with marinara, slice of NY style cheese pizza....ask for extra crispy and the Naturalized Citizen (it's huge!) & two beers.  Total:  $34.69 before tip. Overall, great first time experience.  Awesome server named Jeanie along with the rest of the staff....very friendly and helpful. In my humble opinion, a plain slice of cheese pizza was the standard for me here and Carmine's did a damn good job!  Food portions were generous and the food was DELICIOUS!  Will be back for sure....
Highly Recommended! Great food, good portions, friendly service and fair prices. Inexpensive house salad was a nice surprise. They use mixed greens in addition to just iceberg lettuce. The thin-crust pizza is also really good.
While the portions are huge and the food is good, it's too huge. I felt silly trying to eat my sandwich. The inside is dark and dingy as well. Another person in my party said the bathroom was pretty nasty as well. She also got onions on her sandwich that she asked for no onions. I honestly feel like they could cut their portion sizes considerably and still charge the same price. Use the extra money to overhaul the inside. Still, the food is pretty good. Could easily have two meals with what was left over.
Weekly visitor and waiter Phinneas is amazing. Warmest staff, no RBF resting bitch face in sight. first beer is free for military!!!! and food is consistently delish. Love the decor. families and hipsters approve. Our favorite spot in town and the best pizza in town.
I have been dying to go here because of the yelp reviews but I was pretty skeptical of a Chicago deep dish in Jax. So the boyfriend and I wandered over early Sunday afternoon and upon entering I pretty much fell in love with the eclectic decor and knick knacks. Boyfriend ordered a house salad that was really big for the price and the Caesar dressing was delicious. I got the cheese bread app and it was basically a loaf of bread and was huge and delicious. The pie took awhile but they warned us that they do so that was fine. It was so good. SO good. We only ate one slice each because of the sheer hugeness of it. The 10" could easily feed 4 people. Basically this place is wonderful and pizza lovers will appreciate Carmines.
Great pizza and eclectic atmosphere. The wings are good too and the prices are good and you get a lot for what you pay for. The owner or manager (not sure) is always readily on hand. We have been bringing our child with us since he was born and they always are so accommodating with him even though they are tight on space to fit a high chair but we usually luck out and can get a spot that allows a high chair without blocking the flow. The parking lot is small but never let that determine whether or not you stop because it's worth the wait.
This is not the first time I've been to Jacksonville but why had I never been to Carmine's? The atmosphere was great. The pizza was fantastic! We had the frenchy and tropical BBQ pies. Fortunately we ordered enough to take home. My wife loves mac n cheese and was in love when they brought a bowl full of the cheesy goodness. Carmine's I will be back.
Nice atmosphere (hard to beat the perfection that is 90s music playing in the background), friendly waitstaff, kitschy decorations. Now the food: mozzarella planks, which are like a flattened shingle of mozzarella, hand breaded and fried to perfection. Perfect thickness of crust. Great variety of toppings (artichoke hearts, diced ham, different sauce options). I enjoyed it thoroughly, and if I have the opportunity would definitely go again. The young, good looking, red headed man who took my order also helped this assessment.
This place is excellent.  The food and service is top notch.  It is a small place so sometimes the wait can be a little long.  They opened a new place in Julington Creek called Moon Dog which I assume is just as good.
This place is great! Good service, huge portions, and the food is yummy! The wings are huge and the gold rush sauce is fantastic. Pizza and garlic bread were also very good. The blackout chocolate cake was the perfect amount of chocolate. No complaints I will definitely be back!
We stopped here in the midst of a 12 hour drive back down to Miami. We called ahead and ordered a hilariously over-topped pizza with 3 meats, 6 vegetables, and 2 cheeses. We also added some garlicky bruschetta. With all of that, we certainly left stuffed. However, the pizza dough is just too thin to stand up to a heavily topped pie. At a certain point, we were just eating a pizza salad as the toppings and sauce slid off. That said, the toppings were delicious, and I feel like if we hadn't been so overzealous in our order, we'd have had a much more satisfying pizza. Lesson learned!
So my friend is always going on about Carmines, but never suggesting we should eat there.  I had a pizza craving and called her and suggest Carmines.  It got very silent on the other end until she blurted out it's too "divvy" for you.  Excuse me?  It's well known I am a JAP but we're talking NY Style Pizza here.  Well it's not divvy at all, eclectic is the word that comes to mind. It has a great interior.  Lets do food.  Menu is huge with   Appetizers that cover every ethnic food group, large selections of salads, subs/ pannis/calzone & stromboli.  Then a complete dinner menu and about 20 specialty pies or the make your own pie choice of NY thin crispy or Chi Stuffed Pie . Perfect for an individual 10" 14" or 16". With a wide variety of toppings that include the normal and abnormal like coconut, corn, cranberry or tofu. I am all about the dough so simple is fine with me 10"  NY thin crust with italian sausage abd black olives.  My friend chose the same sans the olives and we shared a salad.  Salad was umm; just that but nice and crisp, house dressing just right and served on the side as requested. Pizza arrived and  I was OMG look at that wonderful pie.  Crust brown crust, cheese melted and bubbling and just a smattering of oil.  Now as a NY'er I'm down with the oil and often add a few drops  of EVO to my pizza.  Hands down this is the best pie I have ever eaten in J'ville.   I can normally  eat 2 or 3 pieces and take the rest home for midnight snack or cold for breakfast.  Not today I was all in on this.  I had been possessed by this pie!  I think I may have growled at one point.  Another plus for me they serve Intuition King St. Stout which is my new favorite brew.  I should have know better but I did ask about dessert.  Magic word: Cannoli. Ok make it to go please, perhaps when I hungry again like Saturday I'll get to it.  Kurt our server was great, efficient,  end easy on the eyes.  Definitely give this spot a try it will nit dissapoint.
This place is totally AWESOME!!! The lobster mac and cheese is the best in Jax. It's got lots of lobster, and the balsamic glaze they drizzle over the top takes just the right amount of the edge off the richness - it's perfection! The pulled pork mac and cheese comes in a very close second to the lobster mac and cheese. It's also very rich, but mixed into the pasta and cheese it becomes less rich and more amazing. Oh, and the pizza is fabulous too! I'll come back again and again because there are so many wonderful things on the menu.
I gave 5 stars but i would give 10 or 15 if i could and we know and love Italian food.   Isis was a fantastic server and made great suggestions.  You will laugh yourself sick just reading the menu descriptions. Take the time to read it all.  The portions are huge and delicious.  We had the eggplant and the spaghetti with huge meatball. Huge is not kidding try softball size but cooked perfectly and cut like butter.  And the prices are so reasonable  The sauce or gravy depending on your family ( read the menu) is perfection.  We live in Spring Hill and are petitioning to have Carmine's come down here.  It may sound crazy but it would be worth the trip from Spring Hill to Jacksonville just to get Carmine's food. We will be back!!!
I love this place.  Even the sometimes long waits do not discourage me. I've never had a bad dish and the staff are friendly and down to earth. They always make me feel like I am visiting old friends. They have a lot of options for pizza toppings (garlic ftw) and decent drink specials. I don't always eat pizza pies, but when I do, it's at Carmine's. Delicious!
Oh my God Becky look at that pizza it is sooo big it looks like one of those Chicago boys pizzas . Who understands those Chicago boys anyway . I mean it's so big I can't believe it's so round it's just like so out there . I mean yumm !! I like big pies and I can't not lie !! Alright everyone if my remix hasn't convinced you to try this place then I know my pictures will . This place has all kinds of stuff on the menu and every thing I've tried so far has been tasty . I won't lie I use to be one of those snotty little skinny girls that wouldn't try stuffed pizza no I wanted it paper thin crust ( which they also have and is delish if ur not feeling brave ) but I decided to take a walk on the dark side one night and I'm glad I did , they have deep dish and Oh my is it good . So go get off your butt and get some pie !!
We had heard about this place from friends and decided to give it a try. Wow. Amazing. Originally, we were going to share a pizza, but after seeing their menu, decided to try a few different smaller items. We tried the pizza by the slice (Pepperoni/Sausage) and it was amazing on it's own. The crust was perfect. We also tried the "Rooster" wings. They looked like regular chicken wings and were great. I got the mild flavor. We tried the cheese bread which was a generous portion for under $3! Normally appetizers don't get this cheap... I ordered an entree as well, the meatball salad. This was one huge meatball on one side of the plate, and a salad on the other. Wait staff were friendly and the ambiance is great for couples or families.
This is one of Jax's hidden gems!! Food is outstanding!!! Lobster mac is the best in town!!! Servers are friendly and fast!! Atmosphere is relaxing. Lots of beer and wine choices! Friday & Sat are packed due to limited seating but it is worth the wait. Parking is also limited so be prepared to park on a side street and walk!
Great beer & fantastic pizza with friendly service, Becca our server was awesome. This may turn out to be our new favorite Pizza Place in Jax. The closet to New York style pizza I have had since I lived in NYC.
Coming from NYC and being in Jacksonville 22+ years, this place brings me back to the pie I am used to.  Nothing beats a hot pizza and a cold beer.  And the portions are off the hook.  The lobster mac and cheese is out off sight.  Staff is friendly and they go out of their way to make you visit fun.  Can be loud sometimes but hey, its a pizza joint. With all great menu items. This is more blue collar than white but hey, everyone deserves to get real and enjoy.  On a personal note, they are community minded and give back all the time.  Thanks Carmines, love you guys.
OMG We live in Arlington so its a short ride but oh so worth it - food was priced great - service was great - manager was awesome - and we all loved the food - well worth the ride - we will for sure go back and take family and friends - you need to go - its in an old Kangaroo or 7-11 - neat - not fancy at all - a neighborhood place - go in shorts - jeans - whatever  - just go - Daughter said you can tell a lot about an Italian place based on their Spaghetti and meatballs and theirs was superb .
Eh, just ok. I love pizza. I'm an Italian from NY and green up on an Italian restaurant run by my dad and uncle. Stopped in lunch here on a Saturday afternoon.  I ordered a small mushroom pie, well done like I normally do. Crust wasn't too great, not much flavor and pretty dry overall.  Cheese and sauce were good. When I folded my slice in half it snapped in half. My husband had the Chicago capone steak sandwich.  Honestly I forget the name of it. He said it was pretty bland.  French fries were good. He ended up only eating half, which is very not like him. He usually grubs! We had moon river pizza earlier this week. I like that place much more (especially their white pizza, so good). Anyways, we will definitely try Carmines again. Service was fast and very friendly.  Restaurant had its own parking lot.
Went back for round two. We got the Frenchy and my god! It was delicious. Best pizza I've had. The cheesy bread was also really good too. Wait staff was incredibly friendly. Great music. Nothing but positive vibes. I want to go back every day.
I'm from NY and if a place can't make a good plain pie, then I don't care how much "stuff" they can put on top of it to make it better. I've grabbed a slice to go from Carmines and have also ordered a couple of their specialty pies--the isabella and the greenwich--and it's all been awesome. Their plain slices bring me back home, which is a really good thing, especially compared to the other pizza I've had in Jax so far. No other place has come close... When it comes to a sauce, I'm picky. Carmines sauce is the perfect combination of what I want. A bit sweet, nice and savory, thick but not chunky, and not overly spiced. Also.... love a good Greek salad and they got it. Adding dolmas, or stuffed grape leaves to it just left my mouth happy. If you feel like sharing something other than pizza...order one of the meatballs. YUM.
Been to Carmine's a few times. Definitely my go-to place on King St for my food needs. I've loved everything I've had here; the pizza (and they ALWAYS have single slices available), gyro wrap, and sandwiches are all top notch without being pricey. The decor is great as well. Pretty much looks like a hurricane went through the ceiling. It's random, but it's personality. Outside of the riverside area so few restaurants bother being creative with their decor like this, so it's always a treat to come down there and actually have things to look at while waiting for food and soaking up some beer. Speaking of beer, excellent 25 draft beer list including many locals. The deserts in the case are pretty tasty as well! Plus extra points for all the employees (with maybe the exception of the boss) being very personable and nice!
Carmine's Pie House doesn't have a particularly innovative menu, but damn, they do all of the classics PERFECTLY.  Yelp brought us in for the wings, and for a month afterward, we came into Carmine's at least four times. Let me begin with the wings: these are the best wings I've *ever* had.  They are perfectly crispy without being overcooked, the meat doesn't taste greasy or dark, and they have a variety of sauces; the hottest will leave your eyes and nose running, despite my masochistic husband's teary statement that, "eh, I've had hotter". Also, give the Jamaican Jerk wings a shot! With the wings, you get a choice of bleu or ranch dressing and are given one container per 10 wings (more than enough). Carmine's calls their chicken wings "rooster wings" because they are huge.  It took us two visits with eyes-larger-than stomachs to really learn that we each can't eat more than 12 wings.  They come in increments of 11, 21 and 50, I believe, and are priced pretty fairly. The servers are also thoughtful enough to always bring you a plate for bones.   Other dishes that are amazing: a vegetarian stromboli, any pizza, hell, even the vegan pizza for my cardboard friends. Also, the portions are more than generous. Carmine's is also cool because of a policy: first beer for active duty service members is free! I have to say, I really hate the childish murals and "inspirational" quotations on the wall, because I'm a a cynic and really over hippie bullshi*t after living in Colorado in California; but, I do enjoy all the weird stuff hanging off of the walls and ceiling. I notice something  new every time.  Also of note: as a fatty, I appreciate the huge booths. The location is also pretty ideal: if you have room in your gullet, you can head out for craft beer in Riverside (or go home hating yourself).
Okay, I used to award five stars when a restaurant has table clothes and linen napkins.  But I have to say I am revising that when a restaurant gives me the food I want, how I want it and gives me great value for the experience.   Carmine's gives me all three of those.  Want no onions, no problem.  Want chicken wings wet, no problem.  Want lobster ravioli....well, you get the picture.  Time and again (and I have been here over a dozen times) Carmine's delivers plentiful food, exactly as I want it.  I always leave with at least one to go container too as the portions are HUGE. If you want something other than pizza or Calzone, try the chicken wings or a salad so big it will knock your socks off.
One word......DELICIOUS!!!! This place is a "must try place" The food was so yummy, the atmosphere and decor is so fun, and don't get me started on the desserts. If you've never tried Carmines your life has not been fulfilled.....sorry
Yummy!!!! Have tried a few pies and Italian dishes!! Absolutely delicious and the service is awesome too!!
YUM YUM YUM! Great service, fun menu and, most important of all, good food! Its almost easy to miss, tucked away off of King Street, but you'll be sad you did. The atmosphere is pretty laid back and the walls are covered in creative murals. The menu can be VERY overwelming at first glance. I recommend setting it down a couple of times before you really commit. They have great beers on tap for a reasonable price and even feature some of Jacksonville's own brews. With an encouraging nudge from the server, we started wtih Carmines version of a caprese salad. This consisted of pitas adorned with buffalo chicken, mozzarella, jalepenos, ranch and other seemingly mismatched food items. We were skeptical and proven wrong. This appetizer was delicious, not too hot and the flavors mixed beautifully. Our pizza was just as good. I believe we chose the purple haze, I could be wrong on the name. It featured eggplant, sausage and ricotta among other things. I could not get enough of this flavorfilled pie! I was actually sad when I realized I was full and decided to take the rest of the pizza home. Good thing I got to enjoy it when I got home! I will definitely be back. They deliver and stay open late! My new kickbacks perhaps??
The truth? My experience at Carmine's was probably more of a four-star affair, BUT a hip, kitchy ambiance will seduce me every time. The red walls, the chalkboard art, the rocking horse hanging down from the ceiling in a permanent gallop... I loved Carmine's the second I walked in. My group of eight was easily accommodated for a late dinner last night. We ordered some cheap beers and a spread of pizzas, salads and appetizers from the ridiculously large menu. The portions here are insane! Expect a pasta bowl full of hummus and salads as big as your head. For pizza we went with a good ol' large pepperoni, as well a medium pineapple and feta, which is my personal go-to. Everything came out fresh and tasty, and my old stand-by did not disappoint. The bitter saltiness of the feta mixed with a sweet burst of pineapple was as palatable as ever, and everyone else seemed to really dig their meals as well. Maybe they didn't reinvent the wheel, but they pulled of these classic dishes very nicely! Overall, I just wanna hang out at Carmine's. There's oodles of interesting decorations to appreciate, and I can't imagine ever getting bored with that gargantuan menu. So far, I know I like the fried cheese appetizer, and that I'll be trying some cake from that display case next time!
I didn't have any great expectations from this place. Well, I was wrong. Place was great! They have an extensive amount of food on their menu, however they are consistent with the type of food they have. My advice when coming here, be hungry! Not only that they have good food, but their portions are huge and very cheap in pricing. I ordered a caesar salad, and their gyro meal (forgot the name of it). Friends ordered pizza's and calamaris. They were all delicious. Service here, it was ok. The man who greeted us at the door was very nice. He explained everything to us, and did explained to us that portions here are huge so be ready to eat. He kept joking around with us, which brings a good positive vibe. Our waiter was attentive, but had that sarcastic tone with her. Overall, I would return to Carmines. Good meal at a very reasonable price. Like I have mentioned previously, come here when you are really hungry!
I'm not sure how I feel about this place. I looked for a good pizza place on Yelp because we wanted to grab a bite before heading home but I feel as if I picked one out of the phone book I may have done better than I did this time. When we arrived they weren't busy and we went in to order a pizza to go. The girl who took my order gave me attitude and left a bad impression on me as we waited for our pie. After 10 minutes we told them we would be waiting outside. 10, 15, 20 minutes later I figured I better go in and check on my pie. Turns out it was "forgotten" that we were outside and everything had been done for 10 minutes. Pizza was dry, crust was lacking flavor, and once pizza cooled it was too tough to chew. I've had better pizza but for a quick bite (maybe not a whole pie) it was okay. Nothing really stood out to set it apart from your every day chains; Pizza Hut, Dominos, Papa Johns etc. Would I go back if I were in town? Probably not.
This place has the most amazing meatballs I have ever had! It's the first place that I have had a stuffed pizza and I loved it! Everything on the menu sounded spectacular. We ended up getting the Meatball for an appetizer and had the stuffed pizza with pepperoni. The food was outrageously good! It's a small place so you can expect to wait to a table if busy and the food will take a while since they have a small kitchen but it's 100% worth wait! The prices are great too! Can't beat it.
Update! The Purple Haze deep dish is where it's at! Fantastic!
What a fun atmosphere.   For a place.  To stand out on King St...that is really saying something.   Try their mac and cheese.
Oh my goodness, what a treat this place is. First off, it's clean, smells good, excellent wait staff (who keep in touch frequently), and even though the food is prepared fresh, it does come out faster than I expected. A definitely plus. My bestie and I came here for lunch. I had already read all the reviews and had heard all 3 of my kids raving about this place and I was dying to try it out. Bestie is a vegetarian and I checked out the menu online, so I knew she had a huge variety of items to choose from instead of the ubiquitous salad. Even she was very surprised at all the vegetarian choices. We both ended with a "Jersey Shore Fried Calzone." The basic calzone is ricotta & mozarella, and then you choose what you want inside.She chose a veggie assortment and I had plain spinach. I had never had a fried calzone before and now I wonder how I've lived so long without one. There is something decadent about fried bread and then throw in cheese? *drools* Bestie & I agreed, hands down, these were the best calzones we had ever eaten. More than enough additions, without losing any cheese - and the marinara sauce on the side was a lovely, chunky compliment to the cheesy fried goodness. We ended up having dessert. She had a strawberry cream cheese cupcake (comes from a bakery in Avondale) and I had a cannolli. Both were presented in a cute fashion. She enjoyed hers, but mine was absolutely scrumptious and if I wasn't a lady, I would have licked the plate clean. Just kidding. Sort of. Of course, now my husband is really ticked off because he's the only one who hasn't eaten there yet. He's a stromboli fanatic and they have plenty of choices for him to choose from! LOL See you next week!
Good service, and portion sizes are huge.  I rarely take anything home, but I've had to ask for a box each time I've been here. The menu is extensive, lots of 'specialty' pizzas on one side of the menu.  The place has been busy the times I've been; there is seating outside which is nice if it's not raining or oppressively hot.  Parking lot is a bit on the small side, so be prepared to seek out parking in the surrounding blocks. Nice beer selection.
Wasn't satisfied with my first visit there. I'm blaming it on the choice of food though because what 'we' ordered was a fluke. I'll rate this as neutral until I can go back and give it another go. The service was top notch though. In the meantime if anyone reads this do not try their pineapple express pizza.
MMMMmmmMmMmMmMMM Deliciousness, all up in my mouth. I love me some Carmines pizza! I found my favorite pizza place in Jax, and that's for sure. They prepare their pies with the most amazing dough and the toppings are endless. Carmines all the way!
Last Wednesday night, My husband and I were famished and decided that our [now] nightly bike ride was going to be to this local pizza parlour everyone downtown keeps talking about: Carmine's Pie House. I wasn't really in the mood for pizza, but I was up for anything at that point, and all the rave reviews we kept hearing really were intriguing for a "supporter of the local businesses" girl like myself. So, we threw on our backpacks and made our way into Riverside. We arrived pretty late for a Wednesday night, around 9:00PM. The waitress was really friendly, and said it was no problem to serve us, they don't really have a specific time they close, just anywhere from 9:45pm-10:30pm, depending on how busy it is.  She gave us our menus, and I was really impressed by the amount of items they had, as well as the variety! Majority of their pizzas are "Specialties," and can be New York or Chicago style. The variety of flavors were very interesting, from Hummus Pie to a "Bobby Bushea" Cajun pie with crawfish and shrimp! On top of that, they offer calzones, stromboli, subs/paninis, salads, and pasta dinners. It was hard to choose, everything sounded amazing! After going back and forth on several items, I decided to try a "Torpedo" panini: ham, salami, pepperoni, provolone, lettuce, tomato, onion, red pepper, oil and vinegar. Two words: Holy. Crap.  This was seriously one of the best things I have ever eaten. The bread was very fresh, had the perfect crispy crust and soft inside, and it was a huge portion for an affordable price! While we were sitting in the restaurant, I was really drawn to the random inspiration quotes painted on the walls. It was like a rainbow of sunshine and optimism with a really delicious meal. Is this heaven? After we finished our meal, we were getting up to pay when we spotted the dessert case, equipped with it's own quote scripted on the bottom: "Leave the gun, take the cannoli." Everything in the case looked very delicious, and of course, being a pastry chef myself, I had to try something.  The husband chose the red velvet cupcake for us to split. It was very tasty, sweet, with really good cream cheese frosting. Sometimes, I've noticed, shops that sell Red Velvet with cream cheese frosting make the frosting a bit too oily/buttery/sweet and not enough cream cheese flavor. This cupcake was delicious, and the cream cheese frosting was definitely cream cheese frosting. My only suggestion would have been to add something a bit different to it.. like maybe a dash of cinnamon in the cream cheese frosting? Hmm... Overall, I LOVED Carmines. I recommend anyone and everyone in, near, or around the Jacksonville area to check it out! We spent around $25 for two people with tip, and we fully fed and definitely happy to bike off those calories on the way home.
3.5 stars, not quite 4. It's much better than Moon River, Al's Pizza and Pizza Palace. But it's not nearly as good as Mellow Mushroom, Brewer's Pizza or nearby Pele's Wood FIre. That said Carmine's deep dish pizza - and yes it takes a bit longer to bake - is outstanding! Ooey gooey thick cheese and a tasty marinara and perfect crust. Four solid stars and best in town for deep dish, far surpassing Chicago Pizza. The calzones are also good. I recently tried a veggie calzone (for No Meat March) with non-dairy vegan cheese at lunch and it was large enough for two meals. The mozzarella planks are a good choice for starters and the hummus platter is surprisingly good. Portions are generous and prices are reasonable. The menu is fairly lengthy and accommodating for all sorts of tastes. Frosty local beers on draft. Odd decor (somewhat cozy yet not overly comfortable, and stuff everywhere -- hanging from the ceiling included). Fast service. Good for a casual date night or quick-ish lunch.
The best pizza around. The Train Wreck is the greatest (without the pineapple, for me). Their Greek salad is the best I've had and the lobster mac n' cheese, well I could eat that everyday. You will love this place!
Actually, this is a 3.5 star review. Carmine's is a cute little local joint. The menu will crack you up. Lots of fun stories to read. However, I really want to edit it. Note: you do not need more than one exclamation mark to make a point! The staff is friendly, although the second time we came in, we stood around looking helpless for about five minutes until someone helped us. I think they might not have an official hostess on some nights, so don't be afraid to just ask a server. The food is good. Nothing I'd rave about, but it is fresh and tasty. I had the Riverside Lasagna (full of veggies) and the Veggie Stromboli. The lasagna was really good - tons of sauce just the way I like it. The Stromboli, on the other hand, was kinda greasy and had way too much mozzarella for my liking. I wish they'd thrown in some ricotta to the mix. I think if you live in the area or if you come into Riverside often, Carmine's is worth a try. There are things on the menu I would like to try next time. It will be interesting to see how they do once Pele's and Mellow Mushroom open soon.
I dont get the hoopla..kind of generic flavors..and that cupcake sucked..second time there..I think the ownership changed from a year or so ago..was better then..I know the cupcake was better..I did try someones spinach salad...that was decent.
My wife and I both thoroughly enjoyed our first visit to Carmine's. We dined in and had the zucchini fries and stuffed, Chicago pie-style pizza (pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms and spinach). The pizza was OUTSTANDING. But the kicker was the Lobster Mac-n-cheese we bought to go. We ate that the next day for dinner and it was DELICIOUS. We can't wait to go back and try out some other items on the menu!
Best Pizza in Jax, awesome wait staff, cool place to be. This is a future Triple D (Diners Drive ins and Dives) stop for sure.
Came here with a group of 8 on a Friday night around 8:30 pm. We were seated right away at a preferred outside table. The service was quick & we ordered craft beers immediately (great selection!). My husband and I split a thin crust Purple Haze pizza. It had eggplant, mushrooms, tomatoes, garlic, sausage. It came out cooked to perfection.... hot & cheesy with a crisp & chewy crust. What more could you ask for in pizza? Others at our table ordered the Zinger pizza, the Pineapple express pizza, Cheesesteak & calzone. Everyone enjoyed their meals & we left with lots of to-go boxes. Come here hungry....the food is rich & generously portioned.
What a cool pizza place!  The staff was really nice and the food was good. I ordered the fried calzone.  If frying had crisped up the outer dough I think it would have made a better product.  Instead the dough was similar in texture to a donut.  I will order the calzone again but I'll stick with my baked.  They have a nice sauce with the right amount of garlic.
EDITED:   Some of the best pizza in town.  Even though there are like 8 pizza joints within a 1.5 mile radius (from Moon River--MY FAVORITE--to Al's Pizza to the delivery options and the soon-to-be Mellow Mushroom), this place has some great pies (I suppose MM will have the tofu and tempeh sandwiches, which do rock). After some issues and scandals with former employees and a national spotlight on their sister-restaurant's menu items (of which, several of questionable ones remain), and talking more to one of the owners, I'm not as gung-ho in supporting them as I had been.  He came off as super conservative, going on about minimum wage and entitlements, etc.  I feel like Riverside needs to stand up for progressive values; we're like Berlin in 1946--surrounded on all sides--so lately I've been taking my money to Moon River Pizza.
Carmine's is a favorite of mine every time I am in Jax. The first time I came in, the waitress recommended the Chicago style pie. Since she was an actual Chicago native, I decided to give it a try. The old saying that patience is a virtue rang true. It takes 20-30 minutes to bake.... but my my my was it worth the wait. It was perfection. It was cooked through, but not overcooked. The sauce was a hearty marinara with great veggies. And sooo cheesy. I get it almost every time now. If you are in a hurry, call ahead and they will get it started for you. Honorable mention goes out to the fried calzone. Also some good draft beers, but sadly no great specials.
I never liked Chicago style  pizza until i eat at this place. It is simply a awesome little pizza place with a vibe all of its own. We had the home on the range pizza Chicago style and it was amazing.
Carmine's is, without contest, the best pizza I've had in Jacksonville.  I order their stuffed pizza with spinach at least once a week.  Their calamari is also worth a buy. I've been a few places that say they have chicago-style pizza, but it's always very unimpressive and I leave wishing I just would've ordered from Pizza Hut.  Unfortunately, the place that actually does opened across the street from my house and on my way home from the bars so I inevitably give them all of my money.
Went back last night.  Great PIZZA oven as the pie was cooked well and pizza crust was nice. Will try Calzone next time!
Love, love, love this place!. I saw the review on Yelp and I was craving a slice of New York style pizza. I decided to check this place out. Boy was I impressed! I had the sour pot, which is sweet potato fries, bacon bits, blue cheese and some type of sweet sauce drizzled over it. It was awesome! The pizza slices are just as big and crispy as in New York. I can't say enough about this spot. The decor is funky and eclectic. The place have a good vibe and the servers are really friendly. This will be my new hangout spot. Definitely a place to bring my family and friends when they come to town for a visit.
I hate to give a new place a bad rating, and I really want quality restaurants to succeed in Jax.... but it was pretty disappointing. Let's start with the service. Our waitress must have just started because she really didn't seem to know what she was doing. It took awhile to get a menu, and she disappeared after we ordered. My buddy got a cheese steak sandwich and it looked average.... which is basically what he said. I got two slices and they were garbage. They seemed to have been made hours earlier and were just sitting out. I saw the table next to me get slices and they looked so much better. Even if I just got the unlucky shaft with my slices, I'd recommend going to Moon River over this place.
This is my favorite Pizza Place! The service was great and friendly. The wait was not long and the food was delicious. Me and my fiancée ordered the American Cheeseburger pizza. I know it sounds crazy but it was actually taste like a cheeseburger. The toppings were pickles, lettuce, onions,and ketchup, basically everything you would find on a cheeseburger but no topping was more overpowering than the other, it was perfect. Price was great and had plenty to take home.
Will definitely come back here next time I'm in town! The pizza is very tasty and very filling! I only wish the table we a little bigger, they can barely fit the pizza pan and a plate! But besides that my experience was excellent!
This place opened after I moved from Jacksonville to Memphis, but luckily I'm back in town often enough to eat here. As far as pizza goes, their normal pizza is on par with local offerings from Al's and Pizza Palace, but if you really want to know what this place is all about, try something else on the menu. I HIGHLY recommend the Fried Calzone. I got mine with Pepperoni and Sausage and it totally rocked my world. Another great thing is the little patio they've got going on out front. With the canopy, umbrellas, and fans it makes for a great spot to come sit down, have a great beer and some wonderful food and just watch the world go by. They're also dog-friendly and when I've been servers were more than willing to bring out some water for the dog. The only thing thing that could make this place better is wifi.
Was in Jacksonville for business and asked where to go for pizza.  CPH was recommended.  I need not ask where to go the next time I am in Jville.  Went on a Friday night and very much worth the wait.  Service was on it!  Atmosphere was great.  Flavor, portion, ingredients all amazing.  If you order a side salad, don't expect a normal side salad.  The "side" salad alone is near a meal by itself.  I liked this place so much, I drove from an airport hotel, back to Carmines for lunch on my way to the airport for my departing flight; this was 28 miles r/t out of my way.  Anytime I am in Jville, this is the place.
Carmine's is awesome. From the funky, slightly creepy decor (gnome in the birdcage), to the quality of the food, they excel. I judge pizza on simply a plain slice, or pepperoni. More toppings doesn't mean better in my eyes. Anyways, this really is some great pizza. Amazing crust, fresh cheese, huge pieces and great price. This is my go to pizza place. They have some other great stuff on the menu too. Give it a try.
The pizza was very good, a little soggy but that it due to the fresh ingredients so it is worth it.   The staff was helpful and fairly attentive.  The price was not bad at all for the quality of the pie.   The cannoli was not very good. Cheap shells, ready made cream and they had been sitting all day so they were soggy. This was a real disappointment since the rest was quite good.   Over all it was a 3.5 - 3.75 stars so I had to give it a 4 because a 3 stars would be to low. If you want a good pie at a good price with some toppings like artichoke hearts or roasted pepper then this is your place.   It has trendy toppings with out losing the feel and taste of a NY pie place.
Been MANY times and loved loved loved Carmines before I had to go gluten free - best pie in town!  Their specialty pies are off the charts.  Warning, place is PACKED on Friday and Saturday evenings, so you'll want to go early before dinner time rush.  A friend ordered wings once when we went - didn't care for those, but hey we were at Carmine's PIE House not Carmine's wing joint.  Stick with the pizza you won't go wrong.
Everything I've had here has been delish. Fast service, friendly, solid wait staff for ensuring you are not without something.  Hearty portions, low prices and always leftovers for second round of deliciousness.
Went for the first time on the 13th for lunch, I will definitely be going back the food was great. I had the fired mushrooms AKA The fungus amungus  and the Garden Boli Baby. The portions are large and filling and the flavors are great. My friend had the Mozzarella planks and the torpedo  panini  and had to bring half of the sandwich and some of the cheese home much too much for one person. that is a good thing usually you get less for the money.
Enjoyed our first visit here. Very friendly and informative server and our pizza was delicious! Will definitely be going back.
A very cool, progressive pizza joint.  Loved the hospitality and fantastic food; even brought home some tasty desserts.  If they would get rid of broadcasting Fox News, this place would be perfect!
One of the best pizza places in Jacksonville! You have to try it. The only places worth getting pizza in Jax is here and Mellow Mushroom.
Great Food here, been here around 3 times, The beer selection is fantastic, the pizza is great. Haven't had any problems there, the prices are decent even during lunch. I totally recomend going and checking it out.
Now we have eaten at Carmine's a few times and I have to say it's pretty good. I didn't care for the fried green beans they were way over cooked and way too crunchy. Also they cooked all the flavor out of them. For the Calzones an Stromboli's were good with plenty of toppings or in this case fillings. Most was very fresh tasting and nicely prepared before entering the dish. Now I have also had the meatball sub and let me tell you it was really good the 3-4-5 napkin good. The meatballs were tender and included the right amount of spices in this chefs eyes. The marinara sauce was creamy, delish also with nice chunks to. It tasted like they made it earlier and it sat on the stove just low n slow and developed a lot of really good flavors. So if your in the neighborhood an want a beer an some good eats. Stop into Carmines.
When I first heard of Carmine's Pie House, I got all excited over the existence of an eating establishment that served pies.  I eat and make pies like it's going out of style - from the humble chess pie to elaborate fruit-filled ones decorated with lattice tops and pastry cutouts.  Imagine my disappointment when I realized that Carmine's served PIZZA pies.  I think the last thing this town needs is another pizzeria and, admittedly, pizza is not one of my favorite foods.   I'll give Carmine's props, though, for incorporating my favorite vegetable, eggplant, into many of their dishes and not just in the boring ol' Italian restaurant staple of eggplant parmigiana.  I'll eat anything with eggplant on it and so I therefore ordered their Purple Haze pizza which has eggplant, mushrooms, sausage and dollops of ricotta cheese.  It was pretty good.  The GF had a half pepperoni and half cheese which she loved and I thought was boring.  We also had the fried mozzarella planks which were a little too fried for my taste and the marinara sauce that accompanied it needed a little seasoning.  The menu descriptions provided a source of amusement in their verbosity and the writer's generous usage of ellipses... ...And, by the end of the night, we started calling our waiter "The Ninja" because he had a tendency to appear silently out of nowhere and just stand there until someone acknowledged his presence.  Like, our glasses would obviously be empty, but he would never make the first move.  He would just look at us until one of us said, "Umm... can we get some refills?"   The very best thing about Carmine's (and the thing that gave them the 4th star) is that they have Woodchucks Hard Apple Cider on tap.  A couple of pints of that and I didn't care that I was not eating real pie and that The Ninja was maintaining his silent treatment of us.
Carmines is a favorite for my family and I am so glad that it is.  The food is delicious and the wait-staff as well as the owner are very accommodating and very nice.  Though it is called a "pie house" their pasta dishes and calzones are amazing.  They even sell cider- something that always adds to the my dining experience.  The atmosphere is laid back and fun for all ages.  My two year old niece loves it there just as much as I do- especially when there are 'kids' t.v.s that she can watch and lots of music she can dance to.  I ALWAYS have leftovers that will feed me for at least three additional meals.
Went to Carmines Pie House for the 4th time on 10/14/11. First we started with the mozzerella planks, they were fantastic and the marinara was wonderful... Second, we had the stomboli which was filled with grilled chicken and huge!! Shared with 2 others and the calzone.  The calzone was filled with cheese and had a great garlic taste. Not sure if it was brushed with garlic or if garlic was in the ricotta. It definitely rivals Moon River's calzone which is great too!! Cant wait to go back, the staff is attentive and friendly.. The beer is cold, love that they serve local brews!!
Awesome...service...awesome food...just need more space...they are bursting at the seams! Wish I had that problem..wait i do!!...I meant as a business owner. And they do it just right. They always have someone at the door, ready to find you a seat (but warning your entire "party" must be in the door before they'll even place you,. Dont be lying , he knows how to count!) Oh. and the pizza, wings everything...did I say awesome... awesome!!
This place (as of March '11) is a new place in the Riverside (King Street district) of Jax, Fl. They offer pizza,sandwiches, wings, and a few entrees.  The items that I have tried have been very good. Some Great some ok. As far as the pizza goes, I thought the flavor was fantastic BUT I did not love the crust. The wings are AWESOME! I have had the BBQ wings & the Honey Roasted Garlic are just fantastic. As a matter of fact, I liked the Honey ones so much I ordered a dz to take home with me. Entrees, I had the Lobster Mac n Cheese... heaven, this item is gonna be served in heaven. Rich and delicious. Desserts, I have had the cheesecake (twice), a cannoli, baklava, and the mango cheesecake. I recommend all of these except the mango, it was way too tart, I only had one bite and had to get a cannoli to kill the taste. The waitstaff is young but very good. The owners are always there and have a great spirit about them. Support local places and give these guys a try, I hope you like them as much as I do.
I love this place. When you walk in you are immediately made to feel like you've walked into your Mom's kitchen. This is one of the few places I've eaten where the owner actually cares about your experience. I've never had a bad meal or one that didn't fill me up.
Went here for lunch with some co-workers on a Friday.  Service was excellent for a large party!  We ordered the zucchini fries with horseradish to start and they were perfectly crispy.  The sauce complimented them very well!  I ordered the 10'' PIneapple Express pizza!  The flavors of the cappicola and pineapple paired with a New York style thin crust tasted heavenly!  I will definitely be back again soon!
Everything is good. Best pizza in Jacksonville. Both NY thin crust and Chicago deep dish. Best cheese steak in Jacksonville. Best Italian Beef in Jacksonville. I took my grandparents here who are from Chicago and the hardest people in the world to please and they absolutely loved it. They even went as far to say that the sandwich was better than anything they could get in Chicago. I would love to try one of there dinners but the sandwich's and pizza's are so amazing that I can't seem to get away from ordering them. If you find yourself near the corner of Forbes and King do yourself a favor and go here. One of, if not the best, places in Jacksonville to eat.
I went here for a casual weekday dinner. I love the super comfortable and somewhat private booths.  For starters, we ordered the zucchini fries which were delicious and served with a great sauce.  I ordered the meatball sub which was big enough for two people. It reminded me  of the subs my mom used to make at home with leftover meatballs. Everything seemed like it was made on the premises. I also enjoyed the dunkel wheat beer I had on draft.  The service was very attentive and I will definitely be going back and maybe will try the lobster mac and cheese or lobster raviolis.
Not bad pizza... I like the fact I can walk in and order a slice or two and have a beer with out breaking the bank. The staff was nice but some were not visually suitable to be out in the dinning area.
I've been here a few times and as always, Carmines delivers. Sever was there quickly and got our drink order. I decided on the meatball parm sandwich & the companion decided on the chicken parm. sandwich. The meatball was great, and I really like the maranara sauce. She liked the chicken parm and also loves the maranara! She actually diped her sandwich in my maranara, the nerve of some people...kidding. The server was on point today with everything. Even took a small pizza to go for later that night. The Chicago deep  dish looked off the chain. Maybe the next visit.
Fast service with a friendly staff.  The menu has options for unique pizzas such as Purple Haze (with eggplant) and enormous salads.
Just plain AWESOME!
Carmines was good no doubt -  neat location and interesting beer and wine menu - I am originally from Long Island,NY so the fact that they had a beer from my hometown was special!  Unfortunately, I was not 100% impressed with the pizza - It seems as if they forgot to melt the cheese or crisp the pepporoni on my slice of pizza, maybe the microwave was not working that day?  the other slice I had was good - not outstanding but good  -  The server was very friendly and talkative  I will probably go to Carmine's again
Walked in sat down cashier brought me a water and a menu. Then watched the waiter and a waitress in that section walk by multiple times in 20 minutes and never said a word. I promptly left. Just a note when you are new restaurant try to be more in tune with the your customer's needs.
We tried to go there twice over the weekend and we were turned away because they had run out of food.  I will give them the benefit of the doubt, since they are new and working out all the issues.   We finally got in tonight, and it was busy.  It's seat yourself but I didn't see any sign indicating this.  So we waited around a few minutes until finally asking a bus boy. After we sat down at a small, cramped table it took about 7-10 minutes to be recognized by the waitress for drink orders.  It took a very long time (45 minutes) to get our pizza-small 10 inch purple haze New York style pie and two slices of pepperoni.  Most of the other tables' orders were also delayed, and the party behind us complained and got a free drink.  The server was really apologetic and nice though. I was not really impressed by the pizza and the crust tasted like the dough was from Publix. I was mostly disappointed by the mushrooms and garlic which were not fresh, they were canned.  Another table got salads, which were large and fresh.   On a side note, every time the front door opened cigarette smoke would waft in.  It was disgusting and really does affect a dining experience.  They have outside seating but should not allow smoking since the tables are so close to the entrance. I would definitely try them again in a few months after they have all the kinks worked out.  They have a pretty big menu with a lot of variety.  I would probably steer clear of the pizza or just be cautious with the toppings.
Simply put, this place is the bomb. Eclectic and welcoming, the staff is friendly and will make you feel like a regular on your second visit. The huge menu makes this place perfect for big groups. Lots to choose from with huge portions and very reasonable prices. It's hard to find classic pizza done right, but Carmine nails it. No frills. Just well made pies. Cold draft beer and superb service, Carmine's is an every week kind of place!
Check out Mon-Fri Happy Hour
The food was great. The atmosphere was great. Service was excellent! The only that was a little disappointed about was the beer selection. But the server said that since they were new they were working on it. But that in no way is a drawback. I would definitely go back!!
Stopped in for a couple of take-out pizzas to enjoy at Bold City Brewery around the corner (they also sell their beer here - love that local craft beer scene!). The pizza is delicious. The Chicago deep dish is LOADED with cheese and the crust is cooked to perfection. The prices are reasonable and everyone was very friendly.
Service was friendly and efficient. Average atmosphere. Bad ass pizza.
I ate here last night with the whole family (wife, 3 kids 6,6,4).  We got a large pizza half cheese/pep double cut for the kids and an order of their Teryaki Wings.  My wife got a Bud Light draft and I had a Sweet Water 420.  Service was excellent and the food was great!  We usually go to Al's for pizza on this side of town and the kids said this was "The New Best!"  My wife and I loved the wings, large, lightly (and I do mean very lightly) breaded, just enough to give them a great flavor and were good sized.  We can't wait to go back and try some other stuff!
Delicious sub sandwiches at a subway price. A++
One of my favorite neighborhood type places to eat and enjoy a great beer. Food is excellent but not fancy. Great choices of local brews. I am a big eater and this is the first place I have ever had to get a to go box. Can't wait for the Lobster Mac and Cheese leftovers!
Tried Carmine's for the first time last night. I was so excited to try the food after all the great things I had heard. We started with their famous chicken wings. OMG! They were the best I've ever had. Seriously. We did the cajun ranch but they have so many different sauces to choose from. Next we ordered the caprese salad. So fresh with slices of buffalo moz, tomatoes and drizzled with Balsamic vinag..Very good. We moved on to the main course. A delicious pizza called the Purple Haze. It had sliced sausage, eggplant and mushrooms. It pretty good. Slightly heavy on the toppings. Next time we will try a simpler pizza to really taste the flavors of the sauce, herbs and pizza crust. We washed it all down with two delicious craft beers. I had the King Street Stout. Very flavorful and complex. 9%. :) Can't go wrong with that. Will probably come here strictly for beer and wings next time. So good! I'm already craving it again.
All I have to say about this place is 2 slices and a drink $5 and the slices were huge and tasted great!!!!!
best pizzas and calzones! 30-40 min wait, but well worth it.
Luckily for us, Carmine's is just around the corner from our house. We order pizza probably at least once every week or so and we always love it. We have had both the NY style and Chicago deep dish numerous times and love them both. I lean more towards NY, but my husband is a big fan of deep dish. The salads are good - especially the meatball, which we just had for the first time last night. We've also tried the lasagna from their dinner menu and it was great. Definitely our go to place when we don't feel like cooking. We've only eaten in the restaurant one time and the service was friendly and fast. They are always reliable and quick with the takeout. The big thing for us is they are consistent with their quality and they cook the pizza enough. We've tried Al's and Pizza Palace and Moon River (until we learned to ask for the pizza well done, but I don't think you should have to make special requests for your pizza to be cooked through) and they all have been way underdone. I'm talking gummy doughy crust under the sauce and cheese just melted on top. It was such a common occurrence when we first moved here and were trying out different neighborhood pizza places that we thought it must be some sort of weird regional thing to eat under-cooked pizza. Carmine's is always perfect without having to give special instructions.
