Just moved to the Jacksonville area and this place is an amazing local diner. I first saw it in DDD in the Food Network and more than lived up to its reputation. The servings are generous, and most importantly the food is delicious! Haven't had a bad meal yet! The staff is friendly, the service is great. Highly recommend it!
When I first moved to Jacksonville, I heard a plethora of great things about Metro Diner. I decided to try it out, and this location happened to be the first of the chain. I was pretty hopeful that Metro would live up to it's reputation especially considering the typical zoo of customers waiting for a table to enjoy their weekend brunch. All things considered I felt that Metro was a bit over exaggerated. Of my two visits, I felt that the food was nothing special. Everything was prepared correctly, however for the menu price nothing was impressive.
Wait was long (about 60 minutes, granted it was a Sunday am) but the food was so worth it and the service was incredible! Shannon was always two steps ahead, refilling coffee, giving us fresh creamer, and pouring ice cold water. I had the waffles with chocolate chips, fresh strawberries and strawberry butter (YUM!). Best waffles ever!! The breakfast pie was amazing, I recommend getting salsa on the side. My husband had the San Francisco Benedict with the freshest avocado. He said very simply, "It was fantastic." Highly recommend this spot, and you will be supporting a small, family-run local business.
We had a great breakfast here in Metro Diner. They had great chicken and waffles. That was the best fried chicken I have in years. Crunchy goodness. Looks like they use corn flakes and their waffle is good too. They have very excellent service. Family really enjoyed this spot. Surely be back here.
God. Bless. America. My family and I came in after church this afternoon and we are were blown away. My brother is in the navy and we came in to celebrate his winging and the manager gave us 10% off our bill! The prices were reasonable, ambiance was delightful and it was just an Awesome experience! we will definitely be back.. A lot!
I've been coming here for years and it looks like management has been slacking off since the rise of popularity of this place due to the media. The workers here are visibly rowdy(loud, cursing, horseplaying). All of this goes on during regular service hours, it's not like I came in 10 minutes before closing. This was at the bar area right in front of the kitchen 8:00AM on a sunday morning. I haven't had my coffee yet so I could very well have imagined the entire thing. Bacon is no longer made fresh to order, thankfully eggs still are. More and more I feel like I'm being served in a cafeteria as opposed to the charming diner that I once knew. DDD really ruined this place.
I haven't been to Metro Diner in awhile. Been to busy exploring other popular eateries in Jacksonville. But today being my "Break Monday", I decided to stop back in an experience what I have been missing. I decided to go with something different and try their Croissant French Toast with a side of home fries. I am so glad I did. The french was cooked perfectly. Sometimes when you put too much batter the french toast comes out slightly eggy. No problems here. Tasted delightful. The home fries were good like always. Glad to see Metro Diner keeps putting out some great food. The waitstaff continues to be top notch!
Fantastic breakfast!!! Creative, fresh and flavorful!!! There is a reason why there is a waiting line - worth the short wait!!! Service is exceptional along with the atmosphere!!! I will make a point to go here for breakfast whenever I am in Jacksonville!!!
Absolutely fabulous!   We were in Jax visiting family.  Went there for breakfast best ever!  Great waitress, Sharita, and wonderful,  inventive food.  You shouldn't miss this if you are in Jax or live there!
Its a long weekend and I'll drive one hour an a half for a great restaurant. I'm not going to reinvent the wheel, if you live within a two hour drive of this restaurant you must visit, period.  Read all the reviews and trust its the truth, great food and service . done
I was headed to a different spot that was closed. Lucky me. This place is GREAT. PECAN Yo hala. Out of this world. My new go to spot in Jacksonville. I sat next to the pick up station that had all sorts of southern meals that looked amazing. Can't wait to stop on the way back to miami in a few days.
Triple D brought me here and the food keeps bringng me back. this was my fourth visit here for breakfast and each time I have tried a different item on the menu.  I have yet to be anything less than amazed. Surprisingly, there was no wait today (it's worth sticking around when there is) and we were seated right away.  Hubby ordered the southwest omelet, black beans, chorizo, and other yummy goodies.  I opted for the shrimp and grits.  2 fried cheesy grit cakes top with a wonderfully creamy sauce, shrimp ans crumbled bacon.  Geneorous portion sizes, outstanding service, diverse menu, fresh ingredients, and delectablefood all contribute to a gastro delight!
Solid food, had the chicken n waffles (it aint roscoes) but its good. Lot of things look good here. Salute, good for a low budget date with high class woman ;)
I absolutely loved this place!  If you plan on enjoying any of this delicious food, I suggest  arriving early!  There isn't a lot of seating inside or out.  Also, parking may be an issue as well; the lot next to the diner is tiny and I imagine it fills up quickly! If you can overlook these things, you're in for a treat!  The food is wonderful!   I had Big Mike's BLT with breakfast potatoes and a side of corned beef hash.  My meal was great, with the one exception being the breakfast potatoes- they left a lot to be desired!   The BLT was the best I've ever had...I know, I know... It's just a blt, but it's darn good!!!  The corned beef hash is awesome!!! (Way better than grumpys) I will definitely be back in the future!!
The original location is the best!!  Always a wait but not too long and always worth it.  Breakfast or lunch, I have never seen so much food or such a variety!  The staff is top-notch and team work is very prevalent....love it!  This is the only place in Jacksonville that I would recommend that everyone visit.  It is THE best!
Everyone here has a great attitude, helpful, a and friendly. The food is original and delicious!
Great local spot! My kids had the silver dollar pancakes which filled them up! My wife had the breakfast sandwich and I had the surf and turf benny. My only regret was not getting an espresso. I doubt there isn't a single thing on the menu not worth trying. We sat outside in the shade which was good for the kids and very pleasant.
This is one of my favorite "hole in the wall" breakfast restaurants. I have not been here for probably a year but I wanted to add it to my breakfast location list so I am going off of memory. The location is not hard to find, right off the side of the road... kind of in an odd location for a restaurant but it has definitely not hindered their business. Parking is mostly on the street unless you get their early enough to get one of the spots in the small parking lot. We always went super early to be one of the first in the door so there was no worry on our part for getting a table. There are two dining areas and the max seating is probably around 60-75 people? The kitchen is open and you are able to watch them make your food which is entertaining to me. My favorite dish is the Huevos Rancheros. Hands down amazing! I always wanted to try the chicken and waffles and so I have, but I think they were much better in theory than in reality. I have also had the "Yo Hala on the square"  this was filled with a banana/creamcheese mixture and topped with a fresh strawberry & blueberry sauce, very rich and slightly tart, since I'm not much for "tart" or bananas I did not enjoy this as much as someone else may have. To each their own. My advice is to get there early and be prepared for tight seating arrangements, also bring your "fat" pants because you will definitely need to loosen your belt by the time you leave, portion sizes are huge! *Tip: For smaller appetites they do allow half orders of most items on the menu. Just ask your server.
Oh man. So good! Came here on a Sunday for breakfast and had a great meal. The line of people outside was a bit daunting but when we put our names on the list it was only a 20 minute wait. 10 minutes later we were sitting at the bar fretting over which scrumptious dish to devour, I of course went with the most obvious choice: the 12 inch pancake challenge. Literally the best pancake I've ever had... EVERY SINGLE TIME! Are you aware there's an entire section just for eggs Benedict?! Too bad I'll never stray from my pancake obsession to try them all. I think the key is to always go with someone else and convince them to get something else you want to try and then stab a bite from their plate at your earliest convenience. The Staff? Super friendly!!!! Thanks again, y'all! I'll be back soon!
I can't say enough good things about this place, except do not be in a hurry. It's often (always) packed and on a wait. So sit back relax and enjoy their wonderful food!! suggestions: chicken salad sandwich, chicken and waffles, and Fried PB&J! Large groups: I would suggest going to julington creek location instead....same great food but they will be able to seat you faster. (8 or more people)
I like breakfast. A lot. Casual diner where locals eat? I'm a local, so I must eat there! This is an example of how great Yelp is--I can find places like this as a recent arrival and then figure out what to order with minimal risk or having to rely on potentially biased opinion of the staff. If it matters to you, this place also has Guy Fieri's stamp of approval. The menu items referenced in the previous reviews are all excellent so I won't waste your reading with those. I will say I wish I had looked up at the specials board to see what limited time options they were offering. Next time, that is IF I don't sample from the Eggs Benedict section. OH, I will order whatever Eggs Benedict special they have--problem solved! Be prepared to wait during peak breakfast/brunch hours on the weekend, but they do offer free coffee if you are waiting outside.
I have been here twice and loved it twice. Both times I got the half size chicken and waffles, and both times were amazing.  I was here for work for two different assignments, and we made it a point to stop by metro diner. Staff is also super friendly.  This original location is pretty small, but the one time where we had to wait, we only waited about 10 minutes during lunch time.
French Dip was yummy, service was friendly, Southern Charm is alive in Jacksonville, FL
If you want a good home cooked breakfast then this is the place to go!!! My husband and I just got home from eating breakfast there and we are stuffed and satisfied! Today we made a date day and we wanted to go somewhere new for breakfast. Some of my co-workers said that metro diner was good and they also said it was on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. So I looked it up and after seeing the pictures of the food I was in! I had a taste for Eggs Benedict and noticed they had it on the menu so that was the other reason. They are only open from 630am-230pm so plan your time wisely! It's a quiet small diner and the parking can be a problem but it wasn't this morning. After we walked in the hostess said we could sit anywhere we wanted. So we chose the back of the place. I ordered the eggs Benedict with a side of corned beef hash and a biscuit. My husband ordered the Huevos Rancheros with a side of grits. All I can say about the food is WOW! My eggs Benedict was cooked perfectly and the sauce was out of this world! And the corned beef hash was the real thing! It wasn't that fake stuff you get out of a can. The biscuit was fresh and homemade as well. My husband could just barely finish his plate because he was stuffed! The staff was really friendly and the atmosphere was great! I can't wait to take my friends and family here when they are in town! I can't wait to try their other menu items as well. Although, it is going to be hard to beat that eggs Benedict!! Are you driving over there yet?!?!
Came to Metro diner for the first time, 2 times while visiting from NYC, I seen this on an episode of triple D! And just had to check it out. My first visit there I ordered a hunger man style breakfast eggs, bacon, home fries, sausage.... Breakfast here was heart filling and amazing I enjoyed it so much! Everything was made fresh and to order! I also tried my guests french toast which was seemingly made on pound cake, very flavorful and amazing, the staff is wonderful friendly and attentive and there for whatever you need! The owners origin is Pittsburgh! Which is why you'll see items on the menu named after Pittsburgh! My second time there I ordered the Pittsburgh sandwich... This monstrous thing comes with pastrami provolone, fries tomatoes and cole slaw and fried egg on it on this huge homemade bread. it was def an interesting combo but I enjoyed very much, that and the meatloaf was featured on the show triple D!!! You will be very happy leaving here!!!
If I lived in Jacksonville I might eat here 5 days a week, no wait...maybe 7! Local "joint" serving meals from breakfast to lunch only, and boy do they do it right.  Glad we took the "detour" off I-95 to seek this place out on our way through town. Scratch-made food done right with some inventive dishes and solid staple items. Prices may be a bit on the high side, but portions are more than adequate. My wife and I split a shrimp po-boy sandwich (which was actually two sandwiches) and it was amazing...shrimp fried to perfection with good bread and an excellent sauce. Eggs benedict were solid and hashbrowns were cooked just right. My mom had a pecan-crusted fish salad and she said the fish was outstanding. Daughter's chicken pot pie was huge and delicious. Well worth the effort to seek out this nondescript place...owner says he plans on expanding up and down the East coast, be thankful he is!
Love the Metro Diner.   Great food in a great location.
I visited this location after first trying the larger, newer Metro Diner in Mandarin.  I was surprised to discover that the same breakfast was tastier at the Mandarin location!  The home fries were better seasoned extra crispy in Mandarin, not here.  More important, they provide real maple syrup (at an up charge) in Mandarin while the only syrup here is the mediocre goo one gets at places like Denny's, etc.  If one wants Metro Diner's food, I would recommend a different location than this one, though it is (I believe) the original Metro Diner (strange!)
Metro Diner has so many fab reviews I'm wondering what more could I possibly add?!  I'm pretty sure everyone already knows it was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives, but I'll throw it out there again just in case someone has been borrowing the rock I generally reside under.  LOL i've had Metro Diner bookmarked for well over two years.  Why in the world it took us so darn long to get around to coming here, I'll never know.  And I'm still kicking myself because I could have been enjoying this amazing food for much longer than just the past 2 weeks.  We've now been here twice and it has been the past two Friday mornings.  This is quickly becoming a ritual for us as I'm pretty sure we'll come here again this Friday (all dependent on hubby's work schedule). I've heard this place gets really, really crowded and there can be quite the wait.  It is small inside with a limited number of booths, tables, and stools at the counter.  There are also a few tables set up outside.  Knowing this, hubby and I have gone very early in the morning.  They begin serving at 6:30am and hubby gets off work at 6am.  Both times we were there around 6:45am, so we had no trouble getting a table.  Parking can also be a problem.  They do have a very small parking lot (if memory serves, there are only enough spaces for 8 cars), but you'll more than likely find yourself looking for a spot to park on the street.  My advice is to get there as early as you can.  But even if you do have to wait for a table, it is well worth the wait! I ordered the same thing both times:  The Bissell Breakfast ($8.99).  This comes with two eggs any style, bacon, hashbrowns or grits, toast, and a short stack of pancakes.  Each time I had the grits and I substituted out the pancakes for half a Belgian waffle.  I also ordered fresh strawberries on the side.  My eggs I ordered over-medium.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  Eggs are just eggs, right?  Well, I have ordered eggs over-medium countless times and I've never had them so perfectly cooked.  The best Belgian waffle I've ever had was at Epcot's Food & Wine Festival.  The Belgian waffle here rivals the one I had at Epcot.  Yum.... Yum.... Yum!  And there's so.much.food!  Be very careful and don't let your eyes be bigger than your stomach because they believe in large portion sizes here!  Hubby made that mistake on our first visit and he ended up taking a lot of food home.  Granted, he heated it up later and it was just as good, but I'm just saying! Hubby loves corned beef hash and ordered it both times.  I do not like hash.  Never have.  Can't stand the stuff.  Well, it looked a little different here, so I decided to try it.  Loved it!  Yes, you heard me...  the girl who hates hash loved it.  So, if you are a corned beef hash fan, you absolutely must try it here! Both times we were here, our server was Joe.  She is just amazing.  She also really shocked and impressed me!  On our second visit, after I ordered, she brought over a small bowl of sugar, sat it on the table, smiled, and said, "This is for your grits so you don't have to open all those little sugar packets."  What?!  I had only been here one other time and she remember that I put sugar in my grits?!  Wow!  See?  Shocked and impressed!  Absolutely impeccable service!  In the future, I will always ask for Joe when we go in!  She also brings us togo cups with soda.   Both times we were here, one of the owners came 'round to ask us how we were enjoying everything.  I always think that's a nice touch.  They truly care about their customers.  It's very evident.   Metro Diner, I'm a fan and Woohoo... you are as good as it gets!  I'm looking forward to becoming a regular!
Simply astonishing. as amazing as the food is, the best restaurant I have ever been to for breakfast or Brunch. This independently run gift to food lovers is a gem. Definitely go here for amazing food. I had the  Huevos Rancheros  but shortly saw a plate of chicken and waffles go by that looked amazing. The food and service are some of the best i've encountered.
After reading the reviews I found that mention of the Charleston Shrimp and Grits was nearly nonexistent, and so I write... I saw them on the blackboard on my first visit and had to try them even though it was breakfast time.  I haven't been able to bring myself to order anything else since because they are absolutely excellent!  Having said that, I have tasted other dishes that my family has ordered and found the meatloaf to be outstanding, which is served with mashed spuds and gravy which vies to be the best part of the meal. After reading the reviews of the Chicken and waffles I will need to try that on our next pass through JAX. I have to mention that on one visit we had our dog with us and they graciously accommodated him and us at one of the outdoor tables, complete with a bowl of water.
Awesome! I've been meeting two friends at different spots when I come home on vacation. Heard about this place through Yelp. They had already been so it was only new to me. The staff was great, the diner was clean and the atmosphere was electric. Did I mention the food was on point? The meals: corn beef hash/poached eggs, shrimp/grits & biscuits with gravy. I am taking my wife tomorrow. Enough said...
My favorite breakfast place in Jax! (followed by the Beach Dinner). My favorite decadent dish is the chicken and waffles! Best fried chicken I have had in years. Crunchy goodness. Looks like they use corn flakes. The waffle is good to. There was a wait for a table, but we snagged on sitting outside. It was a nice morning, and we enjoyed watched the peeps walking by while we ate. The portions here are large. Prices are fair for what you get. Previous visit we did the French toast with cream cheese and blue berries (can't remember the name) but it was amazing! Coffee is good, service is better.
best kids french toast..tasted like a funnel cake  married a beignet. Delish homemade biscuits. very very loud and busy. would def return.
Superb!  Try it! This is a great place to eat.  The local chain offers several locations around the Jacksonville area. I tried the crab Eggs Benedict.  Fabulous.
Did somebody say "blunch?" Yes, they did, and then they went to Metro. Taste yourself some local flavor, smell the pre-meal cookings, see some interesting photos on the walls, hear extroverts bloviate, all while experiencing an ass comfort you may recall from grandma's house. It's an all-senses kind of place. You'll probably be waiting a while, as other reviewers said. I thought there was a lot of seating, actually, but certainly a lot more folk than there were chairs. That's usually a good sign, that you won't get salmonella. Oh. Speaking of which, the whites of my eggs weren't actually cooked through. Also, free coffee while you wait. Our waitress was an adorable pixie who seemed to genuinely enjoy talking to customers, even lurchy, awkward ones like I, the Za. Picture someone who enjoys carrying on a pleasant conversation with Slingblade. That takes a certain someone, and thought I usually only give a shit about price, that really made my day. And the food, that was good too. The eggs aside, I was pretty thrilled, and it's reasonably priced. I see references to yo hala on here. My comrade ordered a yalo hala, and yes it was delicious. I assume it's the same thing. From what I remember, it's a bready shell with some fruit-materials in the middle. Maybe a waffle was involved? At any rate, it's the kind of place where most everything is good. So enjoy yourself!
DDD was right!  Spectacular food w HUGE servings.  First time I ever had chicken and waffles but I doubt any others will ever live up to this.  MUST USE SWEET & SPICY SAUCE on ur chicken.  I'm a big boy and a bigger eater and I was only able to eat half this plate of food. Must try if in area.  If I come back to Jacksonville I will be back!
Great breakfast.  Good portions. Excellent service. Family really enjoyed this spot. Won't go on an on as many reviews here.
Tried their Florentine Benedict and it was incredible! The spinach infused hollandaise was amazing. Highly recommend. Smaller place but nice to sit outside of you can find a seat.
Ya for diner food this place is amazing. Diners, Drive Ins and Dives led me to this gem and Yelp solidified it. The portions are large, it's fairly cheap, its got that rustic charm going for it and the service was sweet as cherry pie. The menu is so big and everything looks so good; be prepared to make difficult decisions. The biscuits and gravy. I've had better, but these were still damn good. We split this dish because it may be 1000000 calories. No joke. Two poached eggs on the side went untouched. I also had the famous meatloaf. I got in a sandwich and was way too full to mess with the bread, but the meatloaf itself, yeahhhhh buddy. You can taste the various kinds of meat that all go together so well in loaf form. I'm sure there is a wait earlier in the day, we went at about 2:30-3ish pm and so we just got to pick a table, order and be served. This amazing experience definitely leaves you too full, a few lbs heavier and pretty damn happy. Oh, HALF ORDERS. They do 'em here. They don't tell you that until after you are clutching your stomach and groaning about how much you ate and left behind on the plate. Ask beforehand.
Usually there's a long wait for breakfast here. (Not really sure why, I don't think the food nor the service is that great.) Our friend used to eat breakfast here often so we came here quite a few times. They tend to burn the toast and everything is drenched in grease. It's way too pricey for the quality of the food. The coffee is alright, not as good as beach diner though. The only thing I'd say is good is the fried chicken and waffles (very unhealthy but the chicken is usually cooked so its very tender [if its not tender have them redo it cause it should be] and they can substitute the waffles for something else such as eggs or fruit) Hope this helps.
Even though I like Metro Diner, I really don't understand the cult following behind it. Yeah, it's good, but it's not special in my opinion. It's fairly standard diner and breakfast fare. After looking over the menu and a lot of debating, I settled on the Bissell Breakfast because I wanted eggs and bacon. Hash browns and toast are just bonus points. And because I've been craving a Belgian Waffle for weeks, the waiter generously substituted a waffle in place of the pancakes for me (Yay for good service!). The waffle was deliciously crispy and sweet, yet light. The eggs and hash browns were the greasy spoon delicacies I'd been craving. The only thing I would've changed is the bacon - it wasn't quite crispy enough for my liking (but it was a great cut of bacon). You know what I was really digging? This is going to sound silly, but the plain toast with butter. I'm not sure why (maybe because I rarely ever have it), but it was rocking my world. Breakfast at Metro Diner is always a winner - especially when you can get there early enough to beat the crowd. We got there at 8:30, and there wasn't a wait yet. By the time we left, there was a substantial line.
I've been a fan of triple D for several years. Just recently I had an opportunity to visit the "original" metro. I've been to all 3. The seating is highly limited. It probably has 12 tables inside and 10 or so outside. If you are in a hurry this is probably not the place for you. Personally the food was best at this location. But I prefer the seating of the beach location simply because I don't really enjoy sitting so close to others I don't know while eating. 4 top tables being turned into 2 tops. (Servers will understand) We have had a number of things over our several visits but we have become partial to the chicken and waffles. Pricy.. But certainly tasty. Their specials on the black wall are always worth checking out. Never had anything bad from the board.
Great breakfast spot, and nice atmosphere. It's crowded and expect a 30 minute wait unless you can find a spot at the bar. The service was great despite how busy and frantic everything is inside. We sat at the bar with no wait, and got to watch them cook our food. Which I always love to be able to do. There is a lot of hype around this place because of its TV spot on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives. I tried the eggs and biscuits and gravy. It was certainly good, but it wasn't something out of this world special. Which, I guess, is what I was expecting. I'll definitely be back. I'm not sure it's worth of more than 3-4 stars. However, don't pass this place up if you're hungry in the morning, and don't mind spending a little time to wait your turn to get a seat and eat.
Come ready to eat and wait a bit but totally worth the wait. Food portions huge, small cramped place but they make it work. Super friendly staff! Did I mentioned delicious food. You'll gained a couple of pounds here :)  for sure, try the egg Benedict my favorite... Good eating great experience overall good job!
I had one thing on my mind when i went here - chicken and waffles. The chicken was very moist and even the chicken breast, which is usually dry was moist (very surprising).  The chicken, to me since i'm a very flavorful eater was a lil bland, but that was perfect because i could dip it into the syrup & hot sauce mix.   That brings me to the SYRUP & HOT SAUCE MIX!!!  wahhhh?!?!  i've never dipped anything into syrup & hot sauce, but that sauce with their chicken was delish. I really liked how the waffles were crisp and had some density to it and they topped it off with butter...not just any butter....strawberry butter. WINNING!
Food was okay. The waitress wasn't the friendliest. Not bad for a breakfast joint. They do have some nice signature items that make them stand apart from other diners -- like their specialty waffles. Nothing out of the ordinary over all though. Prices are standard and food wasn't bad.
We visited Metro Diner on Valentine's Day 2014. We came in at about 12:30 and we waited about fifteen minutes. Once we sat down we ordered fairly quickly. Chicjen and waffles, Peanut butter and jelly burger and country benedict. Everything was delicious!! The syrup and hot sauce combo for the chicken and waffles was amazing! Purely genius! We wilp absolutely go back!
Always good.  Chicken and waffles ate the best.  Hubby had the Pittsburgh it's monstrous but good. I tried the Swiss mushrooms burger great! .
This is always a great place for breakfast. Come early to snag a spot without a wait. I love the nutty waffles with compote and the San Francisco Benedict (hold the bacon obviously!). I'll be back.
Good place. I'm from California, just here visiting and I was brought here for some brunch. I got the chicken and waffles, which is staple here in the south. Good was incredible, as was the huevos rancheros my sister got. The lox bagel wasn't exactly my up of tea, but the rest of the food and service was great! Cool spot in JAX
Ive wanted to check out Metro Diner ever since I saw them on Triple D. I have tried to go there more than once but there has always been a ridiculous wait and Im a bit impatient. On my most recent visit to Jax I finally got into this popular establishment. We stopped in for breakfast because Ive always wanted to try the Yo Halla. We arrived and sat down. I ordered my espresso and Yo Halla. I got the compote on the side because Im not a big fan of fruit. Ok... so my order is in... Wait. Wait. Wait. Order arrives. After one bite... Im gonna break this down real simple-like, I figured I could eat this Every Day for the rest of my life.   The French toast was cooked nicely and the banana cream cheese mix was off the charts good. I added a little bit of the blueberry compote to some of the bites and it worked well together but I was still glad I got it on the side rather than having it smothering the French toast. I have to be honest, I don't care what else is on the menu. I will probably get the Yo Halla on the Square every time I come back. And I WILL come back.
Really great find for breakfast and even lunch I had the Strawberry cheesecake hala french bread that was fantastic. I tried the shrimp and grits that was out of this world. Overall a great find courtesy of Guy Fieri and Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Just look for the crowds and lack of parking and you will know you have arrived.
We ate here twice for breakfast! Mom's omelet was so ridiculously good that I brought my family back the next day. Tried the chicken and waffles the second time and the portion is enormous but it's so good. Whatever the strawberry stuff is that comes on the waffles is absolutely divine.
My girlfriend and I ate at this restaurant and weren't disappointed! The portion size was great, prices were fair and the service was exceptional! I forget the name of it now but the peanut butter and jelly burger is amazing!
Featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives, the Metro Diner on Hendricks Avenue is one of my favorite places to eat in the San Marco area. Although I've never had the opportunity to eat from their lunch menu, the Metro features a wide variety choices for breakfast including biscuits & gravy, huevos rancheros, & breakfast pie. However, if you suffer from a sweet tooth like me, then you should order the Yo Hala on the Square. The Hala scoffs at traditional french toast as it's made with a thick slice of Challah bread stuffed with a mixture of caramelized bannas and cream cheese, and finally topped with a strawberry and blueberry compote. Pros: Delicious food and fair prices The prices vary between $7-$12 per entree and most dishes can be split since the portions are more than generous.  Also, the Metro provides complimentary coffee outside the diner for patrons that have to wait for a table. Cons: There's little parking, but you can park at Hendricks Elementary nearby. The Metro is modeled after traditional diners, with the kitchen & dining room crammed in the same space. As a result, the ambiance can be loud. However, if you fancy a quieter setting, there is shaded seating outside. Watch the Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives feature of the Metro Diner by clicking the link below: youtube.com/watch?v=XBPQ…
Breakfast, Brunch & Lunch!  Eggs all day!  I've tried all of their Benedict's and it's all so very good!  fried green tomato Benedict & Country Benedict are my fav.  Fried Chicken and Waffles = YUM!  I haven't had anything here that I didn't like. If you like fries, you got to get the Loaded Everything Fries - Chili Cheese Fries.
Ahh, the world famous.  I read in the reviews this place gets batshit crazy on the weekends, so me and La Chica waited until Monday around 9 AM.  We walked up and were seated immediately by our most friendly hostess.  We ordered up some coffee, OJ and the MEAT LOVER'S OMELET special.  Coffee and OJ came out, and the omelet followed right behind.  It might have taken 5 minutes to get my food, 6 at the most.  The 3-5 egg omelet was STUFFED with larges cubes of smoked ham, sausage, bacon and cheddar cheese.  So stuffed in fact, I couldn't finish it.  I had a side of home fries (with onions), and I'm sure they didn't help the vacancy issue in my gut.  So I asked for a box, packed up the leftovers and hit the road!   Great dinning experience and I will definitely return the next time I'm in Jax.  Only next time, I'll come at lunch time and get that PA sandwich.  It looks ridiculous!
Finally!!!  Had a chance to eat here while still living in Jacksonville, FL.   Now that I've moved to Pittsburgh, I see what the fuss was about when it came to the Steak Salad and the Yo Hala!   Steak Salad's are a staple here in the Burgh.  Who doesn't love french fries on their salad or sandwiches?   And the stuffed french toast (the Yo Hala) is also a famous plate here in one of the diners.  Glad to see that these favorites are also served down south.   Favorite breakfast diner on weekend but it does get crowded very early.  So expect a wait.
The only thing I really liked was the chicken and waffles! Love the strawberry butter!
It was a very delicious meal that was served in a very quick manner. However,even though the food was amazing, the orange juice was store-bought and the service was 4 out of 5.
I can see why Metro Diner is such a hit. They have a fun menu and friendly servers. And the portions are HUGE! There is no forgetting you are in America when you get a giant plate of fried, unhealthy deliciousness plunked in front of you. We tried the meatloaf, fish and chips, and chicken and waffles at our table. The general consensus was that the emphasis was on quantity as opposed to quality. I think I would come back to try the breakfast menu - it looked like good "just came from church and still feeling hungover" food. You're not going to have an amazing culinary experience at Metro Diner, but you're not going to have a bad time. If you're a Jax resident and you haven't been at least once, it's probably worth a try.
I honestly do like this place. The food is good the Staff is still pretty friendly for the amount of business they get and are always serving. The managers make it around and check on you every now and then. A lot of food, always too much to eat. I can not imagine the amount of food they throw out. I almost think they shoudl reduce the amount of food and price, they are part of the culture of restaurants where you can hear your arteries hardening as you eat. You have to die of something and it's delicious. They have outside seating, Parking can be a challenge. This is the type of place where the early bird gets the worm. (ie seating, parking etc) I like it and its atmosphere.
Went there because I just can't live in Jax and not go. Let me get straight to it: that fried chicken is on point, so good. Tender yet crispy flavorful and just done right. I was surprised how good it was. Pancakes were great when combined with that strawberry butter. I'll go back.
I love love love this place.  The Metro Diner is one of the few places in Jacksonville that actually attempts and succeeds at making breakfast more than just bland basic food slapped on a plate.  I love their crab cake benedicts (yes with a S at the end since they have a variety of ways they serve it), Yo Hala on the Square, and pretty much everything else they serve (on and off the normal menu).  This is one of the few breakfast places that if I still had the room in my tummy, would love to turn back around and eat lunch at.  The owner even smokes his own Pastrami... YUM... The Metro Diner is a gourmet restaurant without the snobby atmosphere of one.  Yes, they get crowded.  Yes it get's loud in there.  Yes, the parking lot is small (but there is ample street parking around the place).  But yet I go back every week, even though there are other breakfast places much closer to my home.  I travel down 2 interstate highways (albeit only a couple miles on each) just to get here.  It is totally worth it.   Note of caution:  Their food can be addictive.  And the portion sizes ARE HUGE.  I suggest requesting a half order.  (Yes, you read correctly, a HALF ORDER.  How many places do you know of will entertain that notion?) When in Jacksonville, do as the locals do.  Go to the Metro Diner.  And bring your appetite.
A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. My friend and I walked two miles from our hotel to arrive at Metro Diner in the hot hot heat for their infamous Sunday Brunch. The thirty five minute wait and walk in the 101 degree heat was well worth it. Sweaty and exhausted, we took our seats right under the chalkboard that displays the day's specials. To the side of us is a counter top bar with old school swing stools that face the cook line where the magic happens. Cam had the chicken and waffles which are served with whipped strawberry butter and maple syrup mixed with Louisiana hot sauce. I had a bite of his waffle delight and I can't even explain the party in my mouth. I ordered the Greek omelet with their multi-grain toast and home-fries. The omelet itself was probably double the size of my stomach. Each bite was filled with feta cheese, spinach, fresh tomatoes and black olives. The service was super friendly and everything was cooked to perfection with Southern love. Please go and experience the goodness!!!
This is a must visit establishment in Jacksonville.  Featured on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives, this place really exemplifies the diner vibe.  I got the lox and salmon bagel, which was as it should taste.  My brother in law got a breakfast pie that looked absolutely sinful. Biggest tip:  Come early.  We got here around 8:30 with no wait.  By 9:15, there was a huge line out the door!  This place is POPULAR, so if you don't wanna wait.. get there in the early hours!
This is one of those places that is clearly overrated because it happened to be on tv. Service was hit and miss. The person who seated us was very friendly, our waiter was never to be seen. We waited 20 minutes just to have him pick up the check. Neither me nor my husband finished our breakfast, it just wasn't good. When you start to look at the pretty terrible parking situation, the incredibly long wait times, the griminess of the place as a whole, and then the unappealing food... I would give this place a big PASS. Why 2 stars then? Dog friendly patio.
10-inch chocolate chip pancake. That's all you need to know! LOVE Metro Diner. It's delicious after a long run through San Marco; it's delicious with out-of-town friends on a Saturday morning (be prepared to wait). The flavored coffee of the day is a welcome beverage to any meal. The cheese grits are oozy with cheesy goodness. The huevos rancheros are delicious. The shrimp and grits are fantastic. The breakfast pie is an artery-clogging must! And that 10-inch chocolate chip pancake...well, I digress. And it's Guy Fieri (Diners, Drive-ins and Dives) approved. Go, now!
This place was packed on a Sunday at 11 am! We waited 30 min for a table. The yo hala looked good, however, I was not feeling that at the moment, so I went with the salmon bagel. I was happy to see that it came with finely cut eggs in a dipping dish, but was not happy to see that it came with only one thin sliver of salmon per bagel. I wish I had just gone to Village Inn... Or a legit salmon bagel place, because for that price there is no excuse. They did have great service though, and even comped my table a meal since that meal took much longer than the rest to get to the table.
The best place to go for brunch.  This is a place to take your friends when they visit. Yo Hala on a square is really really GOOD!  You can also order half of an order of this awesome dish.   Best to go really early on weekends otherwise you will wait!  Everytable is always busy!  Waiters and Waitresses are great and attentive! I've gone to all three locations and always a good busy crowd!
This place definitely deserves all the hype and recognition they receive. Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives definitely knew what they were doing when they featured this place on their show. It is awesome. It's a small little Mom and Pop diner where you have to wait outside and you're going to be elbow to elbow with the person next to you at the table. But close quarters come with a delicious and love-filled menu. I had the fried chicken and waffles with strawberry cream and my bf had one of their breakfast bowls. They serve the fried chicken with a side of their "special sauce" in which they mix maple syrup and hot sauce - it may sound weird or disgusting, but let me assure you that it is incredible and it compliments the chicken so perfectly. If you're up for a delicious breakfast I highly recommend stopping by Metro Diner!
Metro is my go to place for breakfast, really, if I had my choice I wouldn't frequent any other place.  Our running group eats here after most of our 10+ mile training runs for a reason, the food is GOOD.  My favorites are the Eggs Benedict, the SOS (chipped beef) when it is offered, Huevos Rancheros (we share it), and the yogurt with fruit and granola.  The coffee is just average if you are a coffee snob, so get over it and ask for a hot water with your Via packet.   I suck it up and drink it, the food makes up for it. Many of their items can be served in half portions, such as the French Toast, Eggs, Bene etc. you just have to ask and be nice.  The service is usually great, but not always, like the rest of us, they have off days.  They also have real maple syrup if you ask for it and for a slight charge. GO EARLY.  If you don't get there before 9, unless you go on Sunday when everyone else is in church, you must be prepared to wait; don't whine about it.   I would give them five stars, but I don't consider a diner type restaurant a 5 star establishment.  For a breakfast and lunch joint, it's pretty much as good as it gets!
I have to agree with Tara M.  I am too pretty shocked that this place got some low reviews.  My husband and I loved this place for the good food and the staff.   We ate here on a Sunday and when we got there it was packed.  We decided to eat outside cause 1.  it was a lovely day and 2. there was no wait, its first come first serve.  I am glad we ate outside cause my husband was telling me that the inside was pretty small.  This place is only open from 7:00am(i believe) to 2:30pm serving both breakfast and lunch.  They some signature dishes that I would like to come back to try.  My husband and I decided to order the two specials they had going, one was the shrimp and grits  and the other was a seafood Frittata.  Both were absolutely delicious!  The shrimp and grits were in a creamy bisque and the seafood Frittata came with some red peppers and some sort of creamy cheese.   All in all we had a great experience and would love to come back!  The place does have a parking lot but you can also park on the side streets with no problem =0)
While visiting Jacksonville, a friend suggested Metro Diner for breakfast. Let me just say, it was delicious!!! I went on a weekday morning, so the wait was not too bad. We ended up sitting outside on patio style seating for the gorgeous Florida weather. It also can kind of be crowded on the inside. Outside gave you more elbow room. Everything on the menu sounded so good. It was hard to choose! I ended up ordering the fried chicken & waffles to satisfy my craving for breakfast and lunch food at the same time. The portion was huge! & the strawberry butter used on the waffles was just the perfect amount of sweetness. For those of you who love salty & sweet dishes, you definitely must try this! It also came with a maple syrup that you are supposed to put Louisiana hot sauce in. My boyfriend really liked the flavor combination. I didn't really care for it. The fried chicken was juicy and breaded nicely. My boyfriend tried the Metro Pot Roast. The dish had good flavor and was extremely juicy. The only thing that I could say was negative about my visit was the service was kind of slow. I don't know if it was because we sat outside, but it seemed like other, larger parties around us all received their food first. We had to wait and extra 10-15 minutes after them. The staff was extremely nice though. There was some of that southern hospitality at work. I would highly recommend Metro Diner for breakfast lovers and for those of you who want to find a good local place to eat!
My family raved about this location so I had to check it out.  We opted to eat here on a weekday morning versus waiting for the weekend based on the wait times I read about.  Glad we did because we were able to be seated immediately and the waitstaff was attentive. I order the Breakfast Pie with Bacon and was not disappointed.  It is a lot of food..I would have been better off splitting the meal with others in my party.  I'll consider doing that the next time I visit.  There will be a next time! The establishment is small and cozy and I like the idea of cafe seating outside on a nice cool fall morning. Try it, you'll like it!
This lovely Saturday morning, the husband and I decided to try out a local favorite, Metro Diner.  I had heard nothing but good things about it, and every time I drive by, there is always a line out the door, so I figured, must be something special. Oh my goodness, YES! It was fantastic! Definitely worth the 35 minute wait with a grumbly tummy. And, I didn't know this until today, but the restaurant was actually featured on "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives" on Food Network! We finally took a seat at the counter, which was awesome, getting to see the cooks at work, and all the different items that other people were ordering. Like watching a concert pianist. Everything on the menu looked amazing, but I always ask the server what their favorite thing on the menu is, because, chances are, they eat here often, and know whats good. Our server was fantastic, very sweet and calm, even though the place was PACKED and I'm sure stressful. She said her favorite thing was the Pot Roast lunch, with red skinned potato mash, and that she basically has it everyday. So I ordered it. Dear god, this was delicious. I skipped on the baguette (don't really eat bread too much), but the meat was so tender and paired with the mash, I knew why she chose this as her go-to meal. My husband ordered a salmon bagel sandwich, with capers, cream cheese, lettuce, onion. He was also in love. I'm looking forward to going back to try pretty much everything else on the menu. I have a feeling we are going to become regulars here. So, needless to say at this point, but if you are ever in the Jacksonville San Marco area, you MUST try out Metro Diner. Affordable, delicious, and "where the locals eat." Worth it!
Went there recently and I definitely recommend.  This is my first visit there and I enjoyed it very much.  They are only open for breakfast & lunch.   Parking may be tricky as they have a small lot next door, or neighborhood or street parking it is.   My buddies and I went there for a late lunch around 130p.....got seating right away.   We ordered meatloaf plate, gumbo pot pie and shrimp n grits.   I went there for the meatloaf dinner plate....as I saw it on Triple D.  I love meatloaf!!! I was totally impressed with the meatloaf....2 huge slices of meatloaf, comes with garlic mash and side of veggies and a dinner roll.  WOW!!  I was stuffed!   I definitely recommend this!  Only thing I didnt really like, they cooked the veggies in heavy butter...was a bit too much butter for me.  I definitely ate some of the veggies but it was a little too heavy for me.  But again, I enjoyed the plate very much.   Gumbo pot pie looked good too....nice crust and the gumbo inside looked very nice.   Shrimp n Grits....looked good too....nice size shrimps and plenty of grits. All portions are plentiful and worth the price.   Service was good and friendly and a mom & pop type of feel.   Definitely a recommended place to eat!!! Happy diner eating!!!
The line out the door and around the corner for Sunday brunch should be your first clue that this is a great diner.  That people are willing to wait half an hour for a table [and I've been one of those people many times] is testament to the quality and service here. As a kind service for those waiting, they happily provide free self-serve coffee outside their entrance. My favorites for breakfast are the Greek Omelet [$7.99,] the Cinnamon Raisin Pecan French Toast [oh wow, $6.49] and the Yogurt with Fruit and Granola [$4.99].   For lunch you must have the Chipotle Grouper Wrap, although my husband swears by the Meatloaf Plate, which I have to admit, is home-style and tasty. It does get a little loud and crowded, although to me the hustle and bustle is so much a part of the place, I'd miss it if it were gone.  Also they have a nice shady area on the side of the restaurant [perfect during springtime] that is quieter, if you can snag one of the tables [sans waiting, also - first come first serve]. The last thing I have to recommend is the coffee.  Nothing fancy, just exceptionally good coffee.  If you judge a diner based on how well they execute this most basic of basics, Metro is one of the best I've ever been to.
Being from New Orleans I wanted some good eggs Benedict and this is NOT hollandaise sause. Hollandaise sauce is made with eggs, butter and lemon juice and is NOT yellow/brown country gravy slathered on top of poached eggs, the kind you might find at Cracker Barrel or a Denny's . The copious serving of hash  browns were very greasy and mushy. Coffee was fine and server relatively attentive but if you want authentic eggs Benedict , don't come here! Now the stuffed toast is an entirely different story saved for another day. Still I think the metro is beginning to slip and start resting on its laurels for the worse.
I found the Metro Diner by searching on the internet for best breakfast places in Jacksonville.   The crowd of people when I arrived seemed to support the internet!   Saturday morning I went here with a co-worker before flying back out to New York.  The inside was packed but we were able to get a seat outside, perhaps because it was hot. They had a great selection of breakfast / brunch food on the menu.   Between the two of us we got some fancy grits with shrimp and some other seasoning and some stuffed french toast with a lot of toppings.   I forget the name of each of the items unfortunately.  I know at least one of them was recommended by the waitress.  It was one of those I'm thinking of x or y, which do you recommend? The portions were definitely a good size and both tasted great!   It was a good thing we had one more savory item and one sweet one because the stuffed french toast was very sweet.  Out waitress came by just the right amount to see what we needed.  She was also very friendly and was willing to chat the little bit she had time for.   The Metro is worth coming back to.
I just came off a 10-hours straight drive, southward on I-95, and I needed sustenance.  Driving long distance overnight take a big toll on ya, and if I would to have any energy to make it down to Key West I need some hearty and nutritious breakfast. That's when I ran into Metro Diner. Well, I did not actually RUN INTO Metro Diner, that would be quite embarrassing, especially because I was driving. Metro looked like a restaurant, but feels like a bona fide diner on the inside. Walked in, and you can sit as you please, at least the young waitress told me that, and I did just that. As I browse through the menu, and the specials on the chalkboard behind me, the nice waitress also brought me a hot cup of coffee. As I mainlined the unadulterated caffeine rush (I like my coffee no sugar no cream) the portobello omelette arrived at the table. This giant took up half the plate, loaded with the mushrooms and other goodness, with a side of fresh and crisp hash brown. Because Metro Diner and this impromptu meal, it totally set the right tune for the rest of my vacation. I guess it's true what they said, "Breakfast is the most important meal of the day."
We went there with family today for brunch and once again found the food and service to be exceptional. There was a short wait but we were seated after 15 minutes. We were sitting for less than a minute when our server (Kate) greeted us and took our drink order. We asked for suggestions and her recommendations were spot on. The Pittsburgh Benedict and Fish Wrap were awesome. The place was hopping but the flow of the restaurant was seamless. Once again we left with an excellent experience.
This is my go to breakfast spot when friends are visiting from out of town. My favorites are the yo halla bread and the crabcake eggs benedict. The pound cake french toast comes in third. We've loved everything we've gotten here. The wait is always long, but once you sit down, they are very fast.
I went in for lunch on a Sunday and threw down on some Chicken & Waffle action. It was definitely what the doctor ordered. I thought it a bit strange that they put strawberry butter on the waffle and used a mixture of hot sauce and syrup to dip your chicken or waffle in. Until I tried it. You know when someone tells you "I know it sounds weird, but you HAVE to try it!!!" and then when you do, you're actually thinking "it tastes exactly like I thought it would, and it is NOT amazing. it's actually kind of gross."? THIS IS NOT ONE OF THOSE TIMES. The meal was amazing, and the only criticism I could make about it was that the chicken seemed to be fried a little too long for my preference. But whenever that happens, I am always thankful that I received chicken that is cooked (I'm a glass half-full guy). My gf tried the Fried Green Tomato Benedict, which wasn't very good. The home fries are just potatoes. If there were some onions and/or peppers cooked up with the potatoes, they'd be a real game changer. I kind of can't wait to go back there. There is one glaring need at Metro, SPACE!!!! Sweet baby Jesus, how is that thing up to fire code?! There are so many bodies between customers, servers, runners, hostesses, bussers, and various members of the kitchen staff that it gets pretty claustrophobic. This place desperately needs twice the square footage just to be close to comfortable, so be prepared for cramped quarters. Aside from that, it's pretty great. I like that I can see my food being made. Also, parking can be an issue. We parked at the elementary school just up the street, but I'm not sure that's always an option.
This a a Mom & Pop Breakfast joint in all the best glory. Well loved by the locals and clearly they love their customers right back. The smell as you walk in wraps you up in waffle love and it only gets better. Great friendly service, gorgeous menu selection, and Yes! Damn good food. I had the crab cake Benedict, while my cohorts had "Red, White and Blue" and "Creamed chipped beef" Benedict. When I come back (and I will so definitely come back) I have my sites on "Yo Hala on the Square" A well earned 5 Yelp Stars.
Place is small so you most likely will have to wait, but it is worth the wait.  I had the Chipolte Fish sandwich...loved it!  The beer battered onion rings were great too!   However, I was also eyeing the food and huge portions throughout the restaurant.  Several people had these HUGE Belgian blueberry waffles (the Yo Hala) that looked amazing.  Others had some Gianormous desserts. I can see why this place was hyped on tv.  I have to come here again and sample more of the menu! ;)
Be sure to put an emphasis on the Diner part when telling people where to go as just calling it The Metro will get you a much different result.   Great food in an unusual setting.  The inside portion of the restaurant is crowded feeling.  More so then standing in line at European Street on Park crowded feeling.   It feels like they crammed more tables and bar seating in a place then should be.  You may get lucky however and get to sit on the "porch" which is pretty much walled off like a proper room nowadays.  It's a much nicer feeling to eat out there. The food is a cut above other breakfast fare.  In some cases it beats out my personal Jax favorite breakfast haunt, the Beach Hut Cafe.   Their Eggs Benedict are some of the best I've ever had for example.   Sadly I have only gone with breakfast on the mind, but they do offer lunch and occasional dinner on select days.  I have to admit I got spoiled as I used to live more or less across the street and would quite often wake up and walk over for a quick bite.  Prices are a little higher then I'd like to spend for a breakfast, but it's a nice treat.
People visiting Jacksonville are always urged to visit Metro Diner, perhaps because the restaurant garnered national attention a few years ago when it appeared on Food Network's Diner's, Drive-ins and dives. Metro Diner's appearance on that show was not a fluke; the food is fantastic. A lot of Jacksonville natives like Metro because the portions there are enormous. Again, Metro is not a place to grab a quick, small snack. You should go there only if you're starving and can eat most of the food. Breakfast is the best food there, but I've always sat there and ordered the shrimp and grits. Here are the only two negatives to Metro Diner. First, knowing how popular and successful the place has become, I'm concerned about how the ownership is still OK with having such a tiny, tiny location. I mean, it's shoulder to shoulder in there. Might be time to expand. The other knock is the outdoor dining area, which is basically the corner of a residential street and busy Hendricks Avenue. The parking is somewhat of a pain as well, but that has little to do with the food or the dining experience. Overall, it's a great spot.
Just like I said, once I finally got back and had breakfast, I'd up it to 4 starts ... and I'm not far from making it 5. I had the Crab Cake Benedict, and it was awesome.  The only thing that could have made it better was if the English muffin were toasted/grilled more crispy ... maybe that's just me - I like the texture contrast of a well-toasted but not burnt muffin under my eggs.  Tha flavors between the tasty crab cake, perfectly poached eggs, and sauce made for a very good dish. The hash browns that come with most of the breakfasts are a specialty, and you can choose to add onions, peppers, meats, etc. at extra charge. Not the best hash browns I've had, but tasty.  I'd prefer the diced breakfast potato variety, but again that's a matter of preference. My out of town guests were both definitely pleased with their bagel & lox and veggie egg-white omelette. We got there around 9:45am on Sunday and only had to wait about 3 minutes, but by the time we left, there was quite a long wait (as is normal for Metro).  Service was very friendly and attentive, and we didn't feel at all rushed.
I'm a sucker for diner food, who isn't? If you also love potatoes, eggs, grease, and scalding hot coffee (like myself) then this is the place for you! Metro diner satisfies any diner cravings you may have in your entire life. The menu is endless! And they also have a blackboard that features new daily specials, basically what the cooks feels like sprucing up for that morning. I took the dive, and ordered the "low country Benedict" that was off the special board. So happy with my choice! It was eggs Benedict with English muffins, sliced red potato, crab cakes, and seafood hollandaise! 5 stars for NOMMY and great service!!
Everything you could ask for in a diner. Menu has some original items. Food is delicious.
Love,  love, love this place.  Every Sunday morning before church. Something new  every time, never disappointed!  Gotta get thier early if you don't wanna wait.
I've visited this Resturant a total of 5 times and have yet to be disappointed. The waitstaff is awesome and the portions are definitely shareable.... The chicken and waffles are a must-try!
Have been having breakfast here for years. I consider it one of the best breakfast places in Jacksonville. An Icon!
Came here after i saw their feature on the  food network show drive -in dinners and dives. This place was packed , we have to wait about 35 min to be seated. Finally sat down and the food starting coming in big generous portions, more then one can handle really. I had the chicken and waffles and the chicken was simply delicious, right amount of batter, tender and juicy. The staff was nice and  helpful, kid friendly, great spot for breakfast just make sure you get there early.
My eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach the first time I dined here. I wanted the shrimp and grits - which were well worth the order, but my heart always loves biscuits & (sausage) gravy. So I ordered a side of them. If I knew a side was going to be two large biscuits blanketed in gravy...OMG! What was I going to do with all this food? Surprisingly the grit cakes lasted and made the perfect dinner. I was worried they wouldn't last. While this place definitely has the science figured out, with two other locations in the area, this place really isn't worth the wait in my opinion.
Good menu options, good food and great service.  Plan ahead otherwise you will wait to get In.
We were in Jacksonville and wanted to check out the Metro Diner that was featured on the TV Show Diners Drive-Ins & Dives. We arrived on a Saturday about a hour before closing and waited on 20 minutes. We were seated in the back dinning room(watch your step on the carpet by the kitchen, you can feel the grease on the bottom of your shoes). Our waiter Marcos was the top notch, he helped us order items that were not on the menu. Since I don't get to Jacksonville that often, I wanted to maximize my eating experience. With Marcos' help, I order the Chicken & Waffle Eggs Benedict with Hash Browns and a side of Biscuits and Gravy. The W ordered a half order of the Yo Hala on the Square (with Apples, the special of the day) for us to share and the Pittsburgh Steak Salad. From Hash Browns, Biscuits and Gravy, Waffle, Chicken, Fries -- everything was incredible but the Yo Hala, that was out of this World. It's not something that I would normally order, and I probably wouldn't order it separately -- but I have never tasted anything like it. There is limited parking so if you see a spot, park there. Make sure you check their hours since they are only open for breakfast and lunch. The Metro Diner is one of my Top 25 Dining Experiences.
We live on St Simons Island and made a day trip to Jacksonville to have lunch with my sister.  Saw that Metro Diner was feature on Dinners Drive-ins and Dive so we thought we would give it a try and glad we did.  The Metro Diner is located in a part of Jacksonville we have never been in so it is off the beaten path. The restaurant is very small so there was a fifteen minute wait.  I had the half pound hot pastrami sandwich which was one of the best I have ever had. Will be sure to make a return visit on one of our next trip to Jacksonville.
Passing thru Jacksonville looking for a good diner and boy did I find one. Turns out this place was on Diners, Drive ins, and Dives. Love that show. Portions here are huge. I had the Pittsburgh sandwich. Thick bread with smoked pastrami, fries, tomato, coleslaw and a fried egg all on the sandwich. I could only eat half and had to get the rest to go cuz it was monstrous. Definitely got my money's worth. Busy place even on a Monday. Very lovely friendly servers too.
tip: there's a wood carved face on one of the trees outside around the corner of the dine. went here for july 4th.  Had the red white blue yo holla which is a super sweet blueberry strawberry laden French toast filled with strawberry cream cheese.  This is way too sweet and rich.  Fish sandwich was very customizable; could pick from fried, frilled, or blackened.  Huge piece of fish put not very refined; country fried steak breakfast was very rough and tasteless (though it looked very appetizing), everyone orders the chicken and waffles, it was extremely crispy which was great but was on the salty side.  The chicken meat was very tender, even the breast portion was juicy and tender; the portion is too big that it cannot be finished by one person; syrup with hot sauce concoction still very sweet and not very special.
Visit this place if you are super hungry and not claustrophobic! I go to Metro Diner for the food. I suppose I come for the ambiance too when I am looking for no frills, but it is really all about the food. My favorites are specials that aren't always on the menu: the Key Lime Stuffed Waffle and Chicken & Waffles. If you couldn't tell, I'm a waffle fan. Both of those dishes are so decadent and amazing!!! If you don't have a large party, check to see if there is any counter seating. The food is still worth the wait but sitting at the counter is like sitting at any other table in the place since it's a bit crammed.
Huevos Rancheros- eggs tasted like egg substitute and were not cooked properly, salsa had to be pace picante sauce, jalapenos and black beans were obviously from a can.  If the eggs had been better quality and cooked properly and the salsa didn't taste like flavored ketchup it would have much better. The belgian waffle was decent.  Coffee was good.  Portions were huge.  Overall, we weren't impressed, maybe we ordered the wrong things.
My wife and I went there Saturday at 9:30 for breakfast. There was a long line at that time which we waited for 30 minutes. After being seated we looked over the menu and there really is nothing spectacular about what they sever just your standard greasy spoon menu. I ordered the nutty waffle and my wife ordered biscuits and gravy. My waffle was under cooked and soggy. Half way through our meal we both discovered and thick black curly hair in our food. DISCUSTING! And to add insult to injury their coffee is watery and the meal was over priced. Don't know why this place is so popular we will never go back. The health board should check into that place.
My wife had the Chicken & Waffles, and it was very good. Now my meal on the other hand is another story. I had grilled Pork Chops, Grits & Egg. The Grits & Egg were very good but the Pork Chops were so tough that I think I loosened a tooth! I left upset for the prices they charge the quality of the food should be way better! Dont think we will return!!! Sorry!!
So glad I had the opportunity to visit on a weekday! The service was great, young, and knowledgeable. I can imagine that a slack-ass server doesn't last long here at all. They move lightning fast as a weekend habit. There's no way Triple D could have covered such a diversified menu in just one visit, and neither could I. I'd also never have the patience to make an entire weekend out of waiting in line for breakfast, so the man was right..weekdays are the only way to go!
If there was an option for 4.5 that's what I would have chosen. Parking is a little difficult but worth the hassle. Service is great! The Pittsburgh salad with their homemade blue cheese is amazing! I ordered the Steak and Egg bagel sandwich and it was wonderful too. This place was so good that we are returning again tomorrow!
Awesome brunch very long waits but worth it.
I went to this place on a Friday morning and it was packed.  It has that great, "busy diner" feel about it. I had the challah bread stuffed french toast which was smothered in a strawberry-blueberry mix, and it was just as delicious as advertised.  My friend had the breakfast pie, which was similar to what other restaurants call a breakfast skillet and he really enjoyed it.   The menu was full of good choices and this is the kind of place that you want to keep going back to so that you can make sure you try all of them. If you're in the mood for a filling, great tasting breakfast in a relaxed environment, you can't go wrong here.
Awesome food. Servers are always willing to help choose (there's so much on the menu!). Love the yo hala with apples. I think it's seasonal, but should definitely be permanent. The meatloaf is so moist and yummy. Love the crusty outer layer too. The veggies that come with it are seasoned perfectly.
I came here wanting to try the Chicken n Waffles and left very pleased. The strawberry butter was a great touch on the waffles, I love anything strawberry flavored. The dish came with a heaping helping of delicious fried chicken as well. The Syrup and hot sauce mixture, made known to us by our server, was great with the perfectly fried chicken. A friend had a breakfast burrito, which I tried and was very good, HUGE as well. The only gripe I would have is that the food is a bit pricy for diner food but the portions are well on the generous side so at least you get what you pay for. This place gets pretty packed during lunch so I would recommend going early for breakfast or else you may find your self waiting a while for a table.
Great place to eat. I just they would expand. It gets a little tight in here sometimes.
Maybe I'm spoiled. Maybe I expect more from brunch/breakfast. Maybe Jacksonville isn't exactly a culinary hotspot, so this place looks good next to everything else. It wasn't bad. It just wasn't great. I had the eggs florentine, and my boyfriend had the crab cakes benedict (as recommended by Yelp and our waitress). The hollandaise was just missing something. Not bad, but I probably wouldn't order it again. And that's saying something, cause I love me some hollandaise sauce. Hashbrowns were 'alright' and my home fries came out a little...brown. Really though, a charming place, and the service was impeccable. Didn't catch the name of the waitress, but she was fantastic. In short, I would come back, but I wouldn't order any of the benedicts. Or the home fries.
This is my fourth visit- I live in North Carolina most of the time, but when I'm in Jax, I try to visit  Metro Diner. Always good, ,warm, delicious food.  This visit yielded a very slow, unhappy server. Most  of the girls are nice, but  we had to get the exception. Each time I give in to ordering the fried chicken and waffles plate. Chicken is hot and crispy in generous portions with Belgian waffles- delicioso! It takes care of both breakfast and lunch. A bit pricey at $12.99 compared to most dishes that are in the 6.99-8.99 range.
First time ever eating here today and I was fairly impressed with the place.  The wait was 20 mins when we walked up but the barstools were open so needless to say we didn't have to wait. I ordered the Shrimp and Grits and the girlfriend had her fav. fried PB&J w/ bananas. weird combo I know. The wait for food was a little longer than expected but later found out the kitchen manager didn't agree that it wasn't cooked correctly. Props to the attentiveness to the kitchen for correcting this on the spot. The food came out and was sooooo good. The portions were pretty big and we ended up taking half of it home. I was also surprised they offered a 15% military discount. I honestly have to say it was probably my freshly short haircut that gave it away. LoL. Overall service was top-notch, but I'd love to see them expand into a bigger building, or at least a bigger kitchen with room to be able to spread out a bit :)
The food is delicious and the portions are enormous. The price isn't expensive at all - but be prepared to wait.. and wait.. and wait for a table if you go on the weekends or a holiday!
When you come here, come hungry! Portions are HUGE! Also the prices won't break your wallet.. Good brunch place for those that are on a budget. For instance, I love ordering their biscuits and gravy.. Their biscuits and gravy come in two plates! Yes, two plates!!! One plate is for the biscuits (two huge homemade biscuits) smothered in their homemade sausage gravy, and another plate for the egg and hash-browns. All that for less than $10.00! The only downside about Metro Diner is how busy they can get, so come early or else you will have to wait in line and it can take forever on weekends!
Everything we ordered was perfectly prepared and delicious! Cozy setting and great service.
Got here at 7:30am on Saturday and this place was packed...so make sure you get there early. Seated very quick. Service was quick and wait staff very informative. I ordered the Yo Hala on the square it was ok, just too much blueberry  compote. Decent coffee. All at a good price. Good change of pace from your regular chain breakfast spot.
Talk about chicken and waffles!  The portions are huge!  They give you a half chicken and a wonderfully prepared belgian waffle.  Dipping the chicken into the syrup and hot sauce mixture makes the whole thing even better.  I love it here.  Venturing too far away from this staple can get you into trouble.  Once I tried the surf and turf eggs benedict...not Metro diner's finest offering. The NY strip was waaaaay overcooked.  The crab cake, however was pretty good.  The biscuits are decent, but not the best.  My recommendation is to not veer away from what they do best and that is the chicken and waffles with strawberry butter!
This is a one star review for a place and food I dearly love. But something happened last time here that I must report. Went there last Sat for a mid afternoon breakfast. I ordered Crab cake Benedict ....$10.99  Two poached eggs and crab cakes served on an English muffin, topped with creamy hollandaise sauce, complete with hash browns. My LDC ordered a veggie and cheese omelet with hash browns. The wait time was moderate, the service was perfect and the food was marvelous. So why 1 star? We were seated directly next to the food pickup point where the cooks hand over the plates to the servers. At some point, someone spilled about 15 to 20 little plastic condiment cups on the floor near the counter. The manager saw this and came to help the person picking them up. When she had them all gathered and in a stack, she asked him what she should do with them? I was sure he would take then and dispose of them. But Nooooooo! He said place them back with the rest of the clean unfallen ones. I was shocked, I was astounded, I was appalled. That floor is filthy dirty. It's right under were all the food exits the kitchen and there is gobs of foot traffic. I wanted to call him on this but decided to be nice and just enjoy my day. He made a snap decision to save a few cents, not even a dollars worth of supplies, over possibly jeopardizing customers health as well as making this reviewer start to wonder? If he did this in plain view of his customers, what happens behind the scenes that we can't see?
We hope to be back soon since everything was SO good. We live about 30 miles away, but it was near a place we were going, so we decided to try it. The coffee is good, but a little weak. Candice, our waitress was right on top of things with service and refills and a smile on her face. I had eggs and ham with hash browns, english muffin and pancakes. SO tasty. The pancakes were amazingly good along with the syrup. My husband had Crab cakes Benedict. He gave me a bite and the crab was so fresh tasting! His came with hash browns. I had to give him half my ham and a pancake since it was so much. No wonder I kept seeing people going out with to-go containers. I had seen this place on TV and wanted to try it since Guy gave it great reviews. I'm SO glad I did. Loved it!
I can't really do backflips over this place because of the plate sharing charge. We ordered a pretty good thing called the breakfast pie or something and it was totally fine, really good, enough for each of us to have a light  breakfast for $6.50 and they charge you $2.00 to split it. Same portion, one more plate to wash. I know there's some economic rationale behind this policy, but I don't care. It's just nickel and diming your customers. I'd even be a little more lenient if their coffee was better. It's not bad it's just standard whatever. Cool Moose at least has some local organic something or other. Also, their lox and bagel is $10. Again, I'd say just go to Cool Moose and get their Hello Bagel with salmon. I'll give them an extra star because their servers are so pleasant.
I love their benedicts!!! Traditional egg and crabcake benedict! Yummmmm!!! and their coffee is pretty good, too.  I LOVE this place, but I HAVE TO give it a 4 because I have to eat outside if I don't want to leave with grease in my hair.  They really need better ventilation.  I have yet to try the other Metro Diner locations. Will do so hopefully in the near future.
Sometimes you know a place is awesome even if half the time you go there you seem to order the wrong thing.  That is, half of my meals here didn't change my world.  That being said, the other half did.  This place is hip without trying to be.  And that's what you want for breakfast.  Even if it's a late breakfast right before they close at 2.  If I was best friends with Ke$ha, I would take her here.  Then I would tell her to stop using so much autotune.  I know she's not a robot so why try to convince me otherwise?  Anyway, everybody and their mom likes metro diner.
This place never fails to impress. On the weekends, the line is always out the door and the wait time will be anywhere from 20 - 40 minutes, but the experience is totally worth it. There is outside seating that's perfect for spring dining, but once the summer comes it's gprobably better to wait for a table inside. The staff is always on point, incredibly friendly and accomodating. I've dined here for breakfast and lunch multiple times and have left incredibly satisfied each time. If you're not terribly excited about waiting 40 minutes for brunch, you can generally call ahead and put your name on the list.
We are definitely fans This restaurant had everything coffee juice strawberry butter!!! you have to try the waffles. I had the crabcake eggs Benedict. We pretty much played the whole menu someone had an omelette and someone had the Yo Hala. If you're ever in Jacksonville and you want breakfast you must go there!!
Great breakfast spot in a city that lacks them.   Food: The Crabs Benedict was fantastic. The bread and crab were both fresh, and the eggs were poached perfectly. My other guests commented that their omelettes were not very good. Service: Perfect. We ran her pretty hard, but she was fast and friendly the entire time. Atmosphere: Typical diner. It's what you expect. Prices: Fair. Overall: I love it.
In at a few minutes after 12 noon and the small cafe was packed - but it wasn't uncomfortable nor did it feel crowded. Didn't wait for anything. Attention as soon as we sat down, order taken quickly, and served quickly. Everything is homemade - hard to believe because it came so fast. We both had breakfast which was great. So much food we couldn't finish - it seemed as everyone was leaving with to-go boxes. 5 stars.
Best Breakfast In Jacksonville, FL! I LOVE the Chicken and Waffles and the Strawberry Butter is a MUST! I also love the Omelets and the portion sizes are huge. It can be a tight fit and a wait but it is WELL worth it!
By far best place I have ever had breakfast at. Small place, so be prepared to wait. My table shared cheese eggs, hashbrowns, gravy bisquits, and chicken n waffles. Everything was great!
This place was the best out of all the restaurant's i ate at on my trip to Florida and im from NYC so i Aint picky i had the metro melt sooooo goood damn why cant there be places like this in NYC???
Great service and food.
Thanks again Yelp!  I was in Jacksonville for 12 hours on business, searched breakfast on Yelp.com near my hotel and BAM!  Metro Diner looked like the place for me.  It was a Saturday morning so the place was slammed, luckily I was by myself so I was sitting at the counter within 10 minutes of arrival.  Bit of a tight squeeze, if you're grossly obese you may want to get food to go.  Everything on the menu looked great, I was about to order and then I saw the specials menu.  There it was , Waffles, fried chicken, poached egged, hollandaise and hash browns on the chalkboard.   Now, the place is busy, the waitress isn't going to be schmooze you. She wants to take your order fast and get to the next table.  About 20 minutes after ordering I was dining on the best breakfast I've had in months.  It was just too good to try to describe.  Breakfast was amazing, coffee was always full, got in and out in a reasonable amount of time and the price was fair (not cheap, this ain't Waffle House).  If I find myself in Jacksonville I will definitely be returning. My only concern?  I saw them making hollandaise with instant canned mix.  I know it's a busy place, I was just a little disappointed.
Oh Metro Diner. I've shared many brunches with friends within your tiny confines. The coffee is always tasty and food is great. There is usually quite a wait on the weekends, so I recommend going there early if you don't want to be hanging out in the front for 45 minutes. I do agree with Harvey L. It is very tight on seating. However, I've lucked out and sat in the one of the coveted booth seats. My recommendation for food is definitely the Eggs Benedict!
This was a fantastic and unexpected brunch experience... Everyone who worked there was wonderful!!!
Sunday morning I woke up with a desperate need for eggs benedict. So, of course, I search yelp for just that. This place was down the street, so off we went with the confidence of multiple rave reviews. Maybe that's why I was disappointed. The eggs beni was just ok, the hollendaise needed to be richer, it didn't taste like anything special. Hollendaise needs to be special, this was just a cream sauce with little of it's own flavor. The ham was either not a high quality or not cooked at all or too thick or all three. It was chewy and impossible to cut. The muffin was perfectly toasted, I think it was the best part of the meal, though once you make a mess of the egg and sauce it gets mushy anyway so it's not as important. Hash browns were fine, needed salt but I appreciate that since it's easy to add salt and impossible to take it off. DC had the Yo Hala on the Square which was huge. He was pleased and said it was very good, but not the best thing ever. Plus it was huge. I know they get a kick out of seeing patrons' eyes explode when they bring out the 6 inches of food, but they also seem sad when those same patrons are unable to finish but maybe half of the dish and don't want to take it home. For pete's sake, list the half portion. The very least they could do is give warning when someone orders it. Also... coffee was super weak. I did like it, but the search continues for a solid go-to breakfast place in jax.
Delicious breakfast and great service! We opted for traditional breakfast but the famous chicken and waffles look amazeballs! A must stop for breakfast if in Jacksonville!
Mouth watering goodness!! After seeing this place on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives I had been dying to try it but each time I went the line was out the door. I finally got in the other day and it was well worth the wait. I took the advice of another reviewer and had a half portion of Chicken and Waffles, which was way more than enough food for me. It was out of this world good, I knew it was going to be good but I just didn't realize how much flavor they could pack into the dish. I will definitely be back. Just a word of advice the one at the beaches is much easier to get into than the one in San Marco, they are only open until 2:30 so get there early!
We checked this place out today and it was well worth the 2 hour drive. Just like a lot of the DDD places, this one is small and not fancy. We had to wait 30+ minutes to get in there around 1:30 in the afternoon. This place seems slammed from the time they open until they close around 2:30pm. We started off with beer-battered onion rings which disappeared very quickly. I asked for something to dip them in and the waitress brough us their roumalade sauce, which was tasty, but a bit too salty. I had the crab cake sandwich, and it was delicious. It was big and not too much breading. One of my daughters had the chicken and waffles, which consisted of half a fried chicken, Belgian waffles and strawberry waffles. I had a taste and it was delicious. She kept going on about it too. A definite must try, if you go. My husband had the big fish sandwich and it was definitely big. He enjoyed it. My other daughter had a vegetarian version of eggs benedict with hash browns covered in onions and peppers. It quickly disappeared too. You must check out this unassuming place, if you are in Jacksonville. Our bill was 58.00 plus a tip, for 4 people.
This a perfectly adequate diner-type restaurant that has decent food for what it is, but isn't even remotely worth the wait you'll usually encounter.  If you're into the trend and the hype then by all means you should wait in line here for an hour or two for  scrambled eggs, hash browns and biscuits.  Decent scrambled eggs are so hard to find. *sarcasm
restaurant environment: small and homey, i love it staff: awesome, friendly, and attentive. food: best diner food in jacksonville. value: huge portions for not  a lot of money. would I return? whenever i have a chance
Finally found a stop from Triple-D that we liked.  My wife and I split the chicken and waffles and it was awesome.  You get a half-chicken and a whole Belgian waffle.  Both were tasty.  Be patient when looking for parking as this is in a neighborhood and parking is at a premium.  Patio seating is first-come, first served and we were seated quickly at noon on a Saturday.
This place is packed on weekends for breakfast and brunch so expect a wait; that's what happens when the food is good.  The prices are a little higher than cheap diners, but the food quality is much higher with massive portions so value is good.  You can request half portions of most things.  I have eaten here at least ten and am always pleased with my order and the service.  We bring out of town guests here because it is so good.  The cheese grits are creamy and fabulous with real cheddar cheese bubbling on the top and bottom of the bowl.  Just make sure you can wait a while for a table.  Feature items to try: peanut butter jelly burger (includes cheddar and jalapeños too of course) and the crab Benedict.
A little loud but everything was perfect.   Great food,,   reasonable prices.
It's 8:45am on a Monday and I'm sitting at work craving the Yo Hala. That in itself says a lot about Metro Diner. I've lived in J-ville for going on 17 years, but it wasn't until I saw Metro Diner on Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives that I finally visited. My eating companion and I tried most of what was seen on the show, and we were not disappointed! She had the meatloaf and let me tell you it is out of this world delicious. I had the Yo Hala (cheese-stuffed french toast covered in a warm berry compote) and it made me wanna HOLLA for real. The place was bustling, as I'm told it usually is, but we got right in to a nice table towards the back. It was moderately priced but the food was good, so no complaints there. If only I didn't work on the other side of the river... I'd be stuffing my face right now.
Yummy good.  The bissell breakfast is awesome - 2 eggs, bacon, biscuit and 2 pancakes.  There is usually a line.  They close at 230 pm.  Parking is on the street for the most part.  Outside seating, about 5 or 6 tables are first come, first grab.  But you have to give your name if you want to dine inside.  The wait staff is on the ball.  Didn't realize Guy Fieri had been here.  Go already!
I decided to try this diner because I heard about it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. I have to say that there was a long wait (ok, it is a poplar place), it was very crowded and very loud inside. The service was okay. I did not have the chicken and waffles. Instead, I had French toast. It was okay, but there was absolutely nothing special about it. I must say that this diner is only poplar for the special dishes, anything else you can get at IHOP. The chicken and waffles are about $17 so, plan to spend a pretty penny if you are going for that.
This place has amazing food. Everything I've had here is delicious and hearty. You won't leave hungry. Plan for a wait on the weekends. Service here is good, but it's definitely a diner style burn and turn service. The floor can be a little cramped and the expo a little noisy calling for food runners, but the food more than makes up for it. This place is a must-eat and a staple in Jax. Try the San Fran Benedict or, my favorite, the Huevos Rancheros.
Triple D has been here. So we had to check it out.  Plus we needed breakfast! We had about a 20 minute wait time on a mid Thursday morning.  We didn't have anywhere to be. We sat outside in the provided chairs and waited.   Reviewed the menu and chatted with those around us.  We were sat in the back portion of the place.  The front where the diner style bar is and the grill that you can watch was very crowded and not much room to move through.   I ordered the basic eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, pancackes.  Price was decent for the amount of food you got.  The eggs were kind of heavy to me, I prefer light and fluffy scrambled eggs.  The bacon was limp at hardly any crisp to it.  The pancakes were on the sweet side-it reminded me of a glazed doughnut from Long's Bakery in Indianapolis.  The hashbrowns were alright.  I couldn't finish any of the portions.  My friend got the breakfast burrito and it was huge! She couldn't finish it but said it was delicious.  I enjoyed watching others food come out...chicken and waffles was enormous.  The waffle was belgian and was huge with several 3+ large pieces of fried chicken on top of it.  The french toast looked amazing.  After watching the other orders come out, this may be a place to step it up a notch and not go with the basic bacon and eggs.  But I figure if you can do simple well you can go big amazing.   The staff was super friendly, chatty and prompt.   I would go back if i was in town.
Great place that I try to get to at least once a month! Fried chicken and waffles is more than enuff for two meals. Shrimp and Grits is fantastic as well. Don't order a side order of grits, taste like paste. That's probably the only negative on anything I've ever had there.
I finally went here mainly due to the raves I have either heard, or read on Yelp, etc....It's just OK, nothing special, extremely crowded, and noise level very high. Both breakfast dishes ordered I have had much better elsewhere in many places in the U.S. Due to large crowds waiting to get in there is a 20 min. wait time, and parking really sucks. Best experience was our waiter, he was very fast, and attentive, and coffee is good quality too, but I won't come back.
My favorite place in the city.  Down home diner style, vast menu, great service!!  Could eat here every day!!
The food was good. However the place is TOO small for all the business they get and all the chairs and tables they have crammed in there. The crabcakes benedict was tasty but there was WAY too many flecks of shell in there for me which makes me wonder if the crabcakes are mass produced or if whoever was on prep was just having an off day. It's tasty but just be careful when you go because the space is NOT used well and you WILL be too close to other people.
This place is the MAC-DADDY of breakfast spots in the Jax area! Both the food, decor and service were all outstanding. Whenever we are in Jax, we will make it our duty to go to this place. Can't wait to go back!
You have to try the 'Everything Pancake' or the 'Yo Challah'.  You won't be dissatisfied or walk away hungry. We ate here 4 out of 6 days during our vacation. What a way to start the day!
Inspired by Diners Drive-ins and Dives we stopped in on our way north after the holidays. No wait for a table. Had the yo halla French toast and meatloaf plate. Everything was delicious and portions were generous. I am inspired to try and recreate both dishes back at home. We will definitely make this a future stop on our trips to FL.  Service was good.
great portion size, had leftovers for days extremely friendly staff and it had that fresh made out of love homemade cookin'!!!!
One of my favorite places to eat in Jacksonville. Metro Diner is the type of local eatery that gives a community a sense of charm. The food is solid, not over the top and the service is always friendly and prompt. I have not been disappointed here and don't expect to be.
I saw this place on Diners. Drive-ins and Dives and went for lunch. Got the Yo-challah (pronounced Holla) Nice and warm and perfect for a cold morning and a huge portion (me and my wife shared it). It gets really busy but for a good reason, it's good food and popular because they know what they are doing here.
Get there early before 9am or else expect to wait for a table.  Very friendly staff.  I had the Belgian waffle with maple syrup and crispy bacon.  Excellent.  If it was warmer, I would have sat outside.  First come first served if sitting outside.
This place is great! In an interesting neighborhood, close to downtown. Reasonably priced. Good service. My only two complaints, which are minor, are that it was a little noisy (but normal for Saturday morning bfast place) and my eggs benedict had frozen -- not fresh -- spinach on it. But I really enjoyed it and will definitely go back next time I'm in town.
YUM!!!!! Great food in a classic diner atmosphere. Be prepared to wait, but it is worth every minute. If you are an Eggs Benedict Fan you will be in Ova Heaven, with many traditional and creative selections. The Huevos Rancheros is unique and fabulous (and can be shared by two). Breakfast Pie will make you slap your Momma. The meatloaf is very popular, I find it good but not great, but that meay be a general aversion to meatloaf talking. As mentioned, it is very popular. There is a crazy burger in which grilled cheese sandwiches are the bun. I have not scratched the surface. Go, Enjoy, and then take a nap.
My friend took me here for a lunch date. Had the chicken salad wrap & I loved it!!  It was packed but well worth the wait. Your tummy will thank you. Prices are reasonable & portions are huge! Couldn't wait to go back...so I took my husband. We shared the Yo Holla & California eggs Benedict...delish!!! Great local diner with great service & home cooked deliciousness! Next time hubby wants to try the meatloaf or steak salad....both look amazing!
Our hunt brought us to Metro Diner.  There are a lot of interesting dishes at the establishment.  I hate to say though that the burger was not one of them.  Not sure where to start on this one.  I was so hopping this was home made burger that would blow my sucks off sorte say.  As you can see from the picture it didn't even look to impressive.  Even though I got the patty melt style which I was hopping was the wow factor.  It wasn't.  Now, it did have an alright taste, but as I said.  An alright taste, nothing where I would go, OMG I have to come back again for this one.  I know we reviewed already so many places and I might be looking for to many things by now.  But as our goal is to find the best Burger in Jax, this was not a winner.  As you can see from the picture, the presentation wasn't that impressive.  I think you know what I'm saying just looking at the picture.  The cheese wasn't melted all the way.  The meat itself has an alright taste, it had some spices in it.  The fries were alright as well.  Nothing to write home about.  Sadly, this is it for that review.  I do have to admit though, some of their other food looked awesome.  I will come back, but not for their burgers. The hunt again continues..... Interested in seeing our other reviews, please visit us at burgergeeks.blogspot.com
This place is home . Come one come all.
Great place for brunch or lunch... portions are huge...  but to get in you need to put up with a long wait... and once inside you will fill very cramp and is very noisy... but the food makes up for all the hassle...
My wife's advice: "Get the Yo Hala!" I had the breakfast pie and it was delicious, too much food at a reasonable price too! This was our first time but it for sure won't be our last!
Where the locals eat. Fresh coffee! Chicken pot pie for breakfast!
Taken here while on a business trip. Had biscuits, gravy and eggs. It was OK  food but I certainly wouldn't wait more than 10 minutes to eat here. Plenty of other places to eat at.
I'd be willing to give them another shot. I ordered a tuna melt. The size was good, but they served it on basic white bread with American cheese. It wasn't that appealing. I have a feeling the crepes are better, and perhaps some of the other originals like the waffles. So far, unimpressed.
I love this place. My family and I have been coming here for 3 years for brunch every Sunday. The food is great and has a family atmosphere. They know how to treat you like part of their family. It truly is where the locals eat.
Saw the episode of Diners Drive-Ins and Dives featuring Metro Dinner.  After the long wait, we were pretty disappointed with the food. The Pound Cake French Toast was mushy in the inside and pretty bland.  The Crab Cake Eggs Benedict was over poached.  Probably a good place when you're there at the right time.  With their new popularity they might be getting rushed and sloppy.
This place is an amazing dinner. The food is top notch , fresh, innovated and down right yummy. Watching the crew cook is like a well find machine. If you are I'n the this area take the time to go there, this is a must.
A Decadent Breakfast/Brunch you say you want ~ Oh YES !! Have the Crab Cakes Benedict.  That's what the wife and I get when we go, the daughters well who can say no to a chocolate chip or blueberry giant pancake once in a while.  Yes it's always packed every weekend.  Don't forget the hashbrowns.  Classic diner style atmosphere and it's always a special breakfast when we eat there.  Definately a treat.
Awesome diner in Jax.  It can get very crowed at times.  Corned beef hash and Pastrami sandwich is my fave.  Servings are large.  Good place to leave full and miserable :)
I love their breakfast. Large portions!  Phenomenal menu.  Many choices and many specials daily. I only go for breakfast during the week.  I avoid the pretentious weekend crowd.  If you don' mind this type of crowd and and an hour wait, go on Saturday.   Otherwise, schedule your breakfast meetings here during the week. Warning, there may be some housewives and babies contributing to the ambiance.
Average breakfast food, great service.
Excellent breakfast! The Eggs Benedict are out of this world and the Cinnamon Raisin Pecan French Toast melts in your mouth.  Don't forget a side of grits! The best breakfast I've had in Jacksonville, bar none! The atmosphere is fun and funky. Sit at the counter for a real local experience.
A must breakfast spot in good ol San marco but get there early.
I have only been to Metro Diner for breakfast. That being said, I loved it. The food is great, the portions are massive and the service is very friendly.
Great experience- went on a Tuesday so we were able to get a table right away.  We sat outside and didn't feel crowded as some other reviewers have complained about. I had the crabcake eggs benedict and it was really tasty.  I added some hot sauce to give the sauce a punch.  At our table we also had the steak and eggs and the Huevos Ranchero.  It was giant, and the tortillas were clearly freshly fried and we loved the mix of flavors.  We got great service, and had a great meal!  I think our Tuesday visit was the key
Great experience, the food was delicious! We had the breakfast burrito and San Francisco eggs Benedict. The servers were very friendly, this place is obviously a favorite, nearly every table was full so we opted to be seated outside along the sidewalk and it was quite nice!
The Metro Diner...ever heard of it?  No? Well here is a clip of them on Diners, Drive-In's and Dives check it out and then read my review and let me know what you think. You can see the video at jaxfoodcritic.com Location: Of course like the address says, it's off of Hendricks in the San Marco area.  It is right by a church so if you are trying to get Sunday breakfast or brunch, you better get there early.  The parking is limited and you could end up parking down a residential street and walking.  As you can see in the picture there is always a line to get in.  Good sign right??? Food: I went with the Charleston Shrimp and Grits $13.99 and the wife went with the Biscuits and Gravy $9.99.  The shrimp and grits were a modern take on the traditional dish, the grits were fried in a square pattern with some type of seasoning in them to turn them an orange color.  Around the grits was a healthy crème sauce with sausage, green onions, bacon and of course SHRIMP! I absolutely loved mine.  The portion was huge, the flavors were bordering a little rich but that is how I like it.  The bacon added a nice salty crunch to it.  I'm a big guy and it was hard to eat all this but you know when you get to the point where you say "there isn't enough to bother taking home" and just push through it and polish it off.  Even if it does make you sweat and look like a pig, it's worth it with this dish.  Now, on the other hand, the wife got the southern staple: Biscuits and Gravy. We both agreed, the biscuits were overdone and the gravy was lacking in the spices.  She's from Baton Rouge but even I (Middleburg boy) thought it needed a little something.  The side of eggs were .... well, eggs.  The hash browns were a miss. While it is a huge portion, they were almost too big, they weren't crispy all around.  The center was very mushy.  Actually she had to get a new order because the first one came out with some cold spots in it. Not room temperature, cold.  Anyways, the portions are huge and the prices reflect it. Still worth it though. Well mine was...the wife...not so much lol. Extra Info:  This place has a huge following in Jacksonville.  There is always a line, so don't expect it to be like iHOP.  You have to wait for good food.  Ever since their appearance on Diner, Drive-In and Dives  the place has taken off like wildfire.  They now have 3 locations, one in San Marco, one in Mandarin and one out at the Beaches that just opened up. Overall rating 1-10: 8.5 for now.  They hit on my breakfast yet missed on the wife's.  I would definitely eat here again but I would plan around the rush hour there.  Maybe I will review a lunch menu next tim
My husband, friend and I went to the Metro Diner on 10/10 after hearing how good it was on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Definitely be prepared to wait. They have lots of chairs on the sidewalk for that very purpose. The wait was about 25 min. It's a small, crowded, but cozy place. The menu had some really interesting items, but a bit pricey as everything we ordered didn't come with any sides. My husband had the Yo Hala on the square french toast which was awesome and HUGE...covered with a mountain of fresh blueberry/strawberry compote. My friend had the croissant french toast with almonds, which was about 3 or 4 flattened out huge croissants and it was delicious. I had the poundcake french toast which came with 4 tiny pieces of french toast and compared to everyone else's mine looked like a ripoff. I dont know why the portion size was so small compared to everyone else's but I will say it was very delicious. Price wise i wouldn't pay for this again, but taste wise it was good. They give you the option to pay $1.75 extra for 100% real maple syrup vs good ol' Log Cabin. The coffee was typical crappy diner coffee, but we didn't expect anything different. The service was pretty fast for how busy they were. Our waitress was very nice. The owner came around afterwards and asked how everything went. When we left about 2 hours later, there were still about 20 people waiting to get in. Overall, it's a nice local diner with fresh home cooked food. Try the Yo Hala!
One of my favorite restaurants anywhere. Never had a bad meal. Try the pastrami, chicken and waffles and the crab cake eggs benedict.
Love this place. Don't pas up on their pastrami and corned beef sandwich. Haven't had anything I didn't like.
We found this restaurant on Yelp and we were not disappointed.  We had a long wait but is was rewarded. Above all the service was exceptional.  Lastly the portion sizes were large.
Well I can't say much more than has already been said about this place, but I will agree.  I had the Chesapeake shrimp and grits and it was excellent.  We sat next to the expediter, so we saw all the food leaving the kitchen and it all looked good.  We will definitely go back.  Next time it's the yo jolla for me.  Can't wait.
**Half orders are available on any dish for half the price of the dish plus a $1 upcharge - keep in mind that the portions are huge!** So, so glad we stopped by the unassuming side-of-the-road little house that is Metro Diner before flying out of JAX.  It was recommended to me by a couple of my friends who are locals, and it did not disappoint.  At 1pm on a Sunday, our party of 5 was seated within minutes - very surprising, as this seems to be the spot to be in JAX for brunch! Our waitress was extremely hospitable and also very cute.  She was very helpful when we were trying to decide on our meals and was well-acquainted with the menu.  I ended up ordering a half order of chicken and waffles - you have a choice of either white or dark meat... I went the unhealthy route and chose dark meat and I have no regrets whatsoever.  The waitress came over and hand mixed the hot sauce and maple syrup concoction that came with the chicken and waffles right in front of me.  How nice!  The thigh and drumstick were fried to perfection and the batter was oh so good.  The half waffle was equally scrumptious with a heaping helping of strawberry butter  that I struggled to hold back on.  This portion was just the right amount for me and held me over until I got back to NYC at 10pm. If you're ever in the Jacksonville area, I'd high tail it over to one of the Metro Diners in the area as soon as possible!
