Oh, Orsay, what has happened to you? I good friend, who's restaurant reviews I usually agree with, recently warned me that the Orsay-experience has declined a little. In fact, he has stopped going to Orsay and goes to Taverna in San Marco instead. I have been holding off doing something so drastic, but I think our last visit was the straw that broke my back. Two hours for brunch?!?!?! Are you crazy?!?!?! The waiter seemed new and was all over the place, but that's a good excuse if they place is packed, which it wasn't. And the food....... it was not as good as before. The bacon was great, but the quiche was runny and my french toast was pretty sad. Even the appetizers were not up to par. Orsay is now a place that I will go for happy hour drinks and discounted apps, but not for dinner.... at least until they get back to the higher standard that they established before.
Me and my boyfriend's 5 year dating anniversary was coming up and we wanted to do something extra special. We had exhausted all interest in local restaurants and were willing to go out of town for an extra special dinner... After a look at "TripAdvisor: Jacksonville" we decided to go all out and just go to the top rated place to eat in the city: Orsay. I have never had french food before. I was wary of small portions and the price. But after looking at the menu online, I decided that all inhibitions should be set aside for a chance to try something unique. We made reservations for a Saturday night and mentioned it was our anniversary. We were told that we would receive either 2 free glasses of champagne or a free dessert to help celebrate our day. Awesome! When we arrived, all gussied up, we were surprised at its location. It is past the main part of the city, sitting in the suburbs. Across from it was a gas station. But this didn't turn us off from Orsay. It further intrigued us. When we got in, our table was not ready yet and the hostess lead us to the bar until they were ready for us. The ceiling has dark wood rafters spanning across it. Textured white walls surround the perimeter, beaded chandeliers hung from the ceiling and the bar was lit with colorful bottles. The restaurant is not large at all. I would guess it had about 30 tables. There is a back area, a lounge, but that is separate from the restaurant. Orsay was cozy, private, unique. Our table was ready within 5 minutes. We sat near the kitchen, which we requested. Immediately we were greeted and served a bottle of water. After looking at the menu, we decided to get a little bit of everything. Orsay's menu is not extensive, but what it does serve is top notch and interesting. We wished we could have it all, but alas we only have 2 stomachs between us. For the appetizer, we decided to get some oysters (3 east coast, 2 gulf, and one west coast). You buy them one by one. I will let you know that I have had oysters once before. At Hooters. And I vowed never to eat oysters again. But with a sense of adventure I ate the west coast (the most expensive) oyster and I fell in love. It was meaty, the essence of oyster and I wanted more! I tried the gulf coast one and hated it. I guess if you're a wimp like me, try the west coast. We also tried the escargot. It was delicious! I've had escargot once before, and it's always been a good experience. They are served atop a bed of mushrooms. I really hate mushrooms, but I tried these and they were good too! Then we each ordered french onion soup. I consider myself an onion soup connoisseur. Whenever I go to a restaurant, if they have it, I'll order it.  This soup was interesting because it had real Gruyere on top. Most places will cheap out on you and put Swiss or Provolone on top. The soup was pretty good, though too sweet for my taste. It was rich, and I made sure to eat as much as I could while leaving room for the main course. For the meal, I ordered the lamb shank, and my boyfriend ordered the bouillabaisse. We also ordered a side of pomme frites and haricot verts. By the time it all came out, I was too full to eat any of it, but I did try as much as I could to enjoy the meal. The lamb shank was HUGE, almost 2 pounds. It was served on a bed of couscous with almonds in it and a pea puree. It tasted pretty good. The pomme frites were excellent. They were like skinny french fries, but super rich. They are served in a fun way, in a cone, and I couldn't stop munching on them. The haricot verts were delicious. I love green beans, so this was right up my alley. Ate them all. Now it's dessert time. My stomach was protesting, but who am I to turn down a free dessert? I had planned on ordering the Smores plate for days, but they didn't have it anymore! Instead they had some waffle with peaches... very sad. I decided to get a chocolate espresso torte with espresso ice cream instead. The ice cream was divine. Made me wish I had just ordered the ice cream sampler. The torte was very rich. I couldn't even finish it. Overall, the staff was incredible. We were served attentively and when something small happened, like a glass of wine we ordered wasn't delivered until just before the meal, they apologized and gave it to us for free. When they forgot to give us the side dishes along with our meal, they offered us a dessert beverage for free. And these weren't any mistakes that mattered really. What's five minutes in waiting when you have so much to appreciate as far as environment and food? But to them, it mattered, and they more than made up for it. Overall, I would give Orsay 5+ stars. There is a reason it is ranked as the top place to eat in Jacksonville. The service is impeccable, the food is delicious and rich, and the environment is friendly and warm.
Ok, so you have two hot girls you need to take to eat...Where to go? Orsay, I say... Me, Edith and Alice went on a nice Thursday evening.  We were seated in the back "new" room, that I hadn't been in before.  Modern, yet in keeping with the feel of the front. Started out with an Old Fashioned, cuz I'm the Asian Don Draper (ok, not really).  It was well made, but pricey.  Alice had a pear martini...f-in good yo...Edith had a pear-jalepeno margarita...and had to promptly send it back for a more standard (yet different) pear margarita.  Cocktails were on point. We had the pommes frites...my favorite food ever (besides nachos and sushi).  Also had a 3 cheese plate with machego, some soft goat cheese, and some soft cow cheese....I don't recall their names.  All good, though the goat cheese was the overall winner. My main was the lamb shank...It's a very masculine dish, with a large, meaty, bone in shank, resting on some couscous.  Fall of the bone tender...yes...not very lamb-y.  But hmm...could have used something...I'm not the chef, I don't know what they were going for...but perhaps a little, little, more salt.  Garlic?  Rosemary?  Again...I just think one other dimension could be added. Edith had the bouillabaisse, which was fantastic.  Tomatoey, saffron goodness, which surrounded the calamari, shrimp, fish and mussels...Only one thing...a couple more shrimp please...for the price, they can afford it. Alice had the lobster risotto and it must've been good cuz she finished it and didn't share...haha...I didn't get a taste.  Oh well. We were stuffed...no dessert.... Thanks again Orsay.
Restaurant Orsay? Yelp, I'm a fan! I had a dilemma: I needed a nice, dressy type of restaurant for my first anniversary with my girlfriend before the symphony. I asked around at work and then someone asked if I had Googled restaurants. I admitted that I had not, and got to the task. I then found Yelp.com as well as Restaurant Orsay. Both changed my night and created a great success! First off the atmosphere is AMAZING! It looks as though they have remodeled because the doors are now on the side of the building instead of the front. You walk in and immediately are taken care of by the host staff. I had made reservations through Yelp using the 'open table' reservation software on the page and was about 15 minutes early. They sat us immediately: Not in the front, social-inspired front room where you can sit on a couch and eat and drink, but around the corner and through a hallway in the room with beautiful wooded bench-style seating, transporting you immediately to a dimly lit Bistro in Paris just off the Rue. Our waiter was AMAZING as well. Very knowledgeable and courteous, he came by just enough to be there right when drinks needed to be filled and bread replenished. Oh, and the hostess who sat us, just came back with my coat check ticket. I had on my 'nice' jacket and she asked if I wanted to check it. AMAZING! Food? Well, just one word: AMAZING! We had escargot for an appetizer. It was my first experience and I believe I went to the right place stateside to have it. It's in a blend of mushrooms and garlic butter that was great. We also ordered the Pear Jalapeno margarita and it was, well, AMAZING! It was the perfect blend of sweet, salty and spicy that is so subtle on all accounts, but hits your pallet in a "divide and conquer" type of way to take over your taste buds! Next was the onion soup, which was another first for me. AMAZING as well, and I'm not a huge fan of onions. Go figure. The main course was the steak frites (med rare) with vegetable ragout added on. This was also AMAZING. The thing that made it AMAZINGLY AMAZING was the fact that when we ate most of the steak, we looked at the pieces to realize that at any other restaurant, that would have been too rare for both our tastes. But this steak was so succulent, juicy, and flavorful, we both ate every last bite, something I don't normally do anywhere. All in all, one of the best eats I've experienced to date. The check, well, if there was a downside to the night, it was the check. The prices are, well, pricey. Unfortunately, this puts Restaurant Orsay in the "Special Occasions Only" category. We are "Sharers" and got the dinner split between the two of us, and it came out about $20 more than I was expecting to spend (tip included). The very swift upside was that I was more than happy to spend it! The total combination of atmosphere, service, and food quality made it such a great dining experience, that we can't wait for another special occasion so we can spend all our hard earned money on Pear Jalapeno margaritas and great conversation.
Off night.  The bar was amazingly slow.  20 minutes plus for drink orders throughout the night.  Steak frites was lukewarm but good flavor.  Have eaten here many times. Found tonight's experience frustrating.
Absolutely the best brunch experience I've had since moving here.  Our party was large and the service we received was excellent. The Bloody Mary was ah-mazing! Loved the pork rillettes and the Eggs a la Orsay.  The truffle hollandaise was absolutely wonderful. This will be my go to spot from here on out for brunch.  Can hardly wait to bring my out of town guest here over the upcoming holiday.
Probably the BEST place in Jacksonville - if you're looking for a really nice meal and a romantic, cool, more upscale restaurant, this is iT!
The only thing you need to know is OMG this place is GREAT, The food, drinks,the service...... YOU MUST GO.
Dear Orsay, Will you ever forgive me for that four-star review? It must've been the wine talking. Don't worry. Your lobster pot pie is worthy of five stars alone. Lots of love, Lindsay
I've passed by Orsay on my way to 5 points for years...I finally decided to try it out. I got lucky cause when we got there it was happy hour. I think it's everyday 4pm-7pm. The Vibe inside is a minimal design, upscale lounge/restaurant bar. ***Website - Professional - Easy to navigate - The photo gallery drew me in ***Service - I liked the attention to detail. From the start, our waiter noticed one of our table legs was "wobbly" and fixed it right away. When we received our food all of the plates hit the table at the same time. The oysters come on a half shell so no shucking and they even give you a little fork to get the oysters out. - He was not overbearing and kept our water filled. ***Food (This is over 3 visits) - Bread was very fresh and we couldn't stop dipping it in the sauce that the mussels came in. - The house water was good no bad after taste. I'm a big stickler about water. - French pair martini is the best martini that I have ever had and for $5 happy hour you can't beat it. - The Pear Jalapeño Margarita. There were many recommendations on yelp to get this and I wasn't disappointed. The jalapeño gives it a nice little kick at the end. Very good for a change but the pear martini reigns supreme. - Oysters- ($7.50/dozen during happy hour)The oysters come on a "pizza pan" served on a half shell with 2 sauces and lemon. The cocktail sauce it as good as it gets. The other sauce is like a soy sauce and minced onions, it's a good contrast to the cocktail sauce. - Prince Edward Island Mussels - The mussels were very good. The white wine sauce is what takes it to the next level. We couldn't stop dipping our bread in it. - Eden Farms Berkshire Pork Chop - this was a recommendation from our waiter and it was amazing. He told us that it came from the finest pigs in Iowa and it showed. I'm not much of a pork eater, but I could eat this every day. After eating it with a spoon and fork, I wanted to grab the bone like a handle and go to town on it. - King Salmon came over a pea mixture with minced bacon - It was cooked perfectly and the bacon and pea mixture had me scraping the plate. It was a good change of pace from the normal green beans or mashed potatoes. I think the salmon portion should have been larger. Orsay is a diamond in the rough! Service, quality of food, and an unbeatable happy hour make this a top spot in Jacksonville. I have been to Orsay 3 times in last 2 months, will be going there tonight, and will be bringing a group of us from work later this month =).
This was the last restaurant I ate at before leaving Jax, and I'm so glad I made it there before moving. It instantly became my favorite spot in Jax. Lots of other reviews have covered the food, ambience, and service in detail, so I'll keep this short by concurring with them. Every aspect of the meal we had there before the symphony, and the dessert we had when we returned after the show (yep, so good we went right back) was worth the five stars I'm giving it now. Food/drink highlights: roasted oysters, calamari, lamb ragout, dark & stormy, pear/jalapeno margarita, bread pudding.   The service? In making my online reservation, I noted that it was a special occasion. At dinner, we were treated to a great table plus two glasses of champagne. Those small details can make a world of difference and sum up how seriously Orsay takes customer service. Strongly recommended (as if you couldn't tell).
Seated in the back room between a cackling group of drunk ladies and the obnoxious and profane businessman referring to his steak tartar as Alpo, it was hard to hear my wife or enjoy the food.   This isn't the fault of Orsey, but it was the experience none the less.
My first time here. It's well not be my last. The parking was ok..i got a great parking space but I think on a busy night i might have a bit of a walk. The restaurant was very cozy... we had great seats and it waiter James  was awesome! ! I got the Mimosa, the $10 deviled eggs and the eggs a la orsay...all was delicious and satisfying...i had to get me another drink. Overall everything was great
My favorite thing to eat here is steak tartar, drink: eastbound and down. Can't go wrong here until you receive your bill.
So so. We've heard about Orsay for ages  and came with out of town guests. Service marginal, noisy, food quality good but not great
This is hands down my favorite restaurant in town. It's a truly pleasant dining experience, from great service to even better food, right down to the house infused vodkas they use to make the best handcrafted cocktails you'll ever have. I've gone here for just about every special occassion you can imagine - birthday dinners, New Year's Eve, engagement parties - but it's also really great for intimate gatherings. I've come for Sunday brunch with the girls, post-manicure afternoon cocktails with a girlfriend and many romantic dinners with my boyfriend. It's always perfection. The staff is highly knowledgable about wine, so don't be bashful about asking. And be sure to try a sampler of some sort - the raw bar appetizer sampler is amazing, but the dessert sampler is simply devine. If you have to pick one dessert, don't miss the creme brulee. I have to offer one caveat. This restaurant would be a dime a dozen in a larger city. But in Jacksonville, tasty gourmet food with a relaxing but classy atmosphere is an almost impossible combination. I struggle to find restaurants good enough for me to even get excited over. But Orsay is solid and consistent, and I'm always happy to be there. If you're looking for a more American flavor, check out their sister restaurant Chew Downtown or second sister, Taverna, in San Marco, which claims to be Spanish, but I think is a stretch. Both are good, but Orsay will forever remain my front runner.
Trendy and upscale lounge/resaurant bar. Bartender was awesome...steak tartare appetizer and cheese platter very good as well. did not eat dinner, but with the drinks,...didnt care!! Cool little place, a little off the beaten path!!! Update!! Went back to Orsay, filed my review and recieved a response from the owner for my review!  This is why this place is outstanding. Staff is engaging and helpful, funny, and happy you are there! Second visit better than the first and more than appetizers and drinks!!! With an owner that wants to be better than best and responds to a simple review on Yelp with a personal message means striving to be # 1!  Great place to bring customers or clients or quiet dinner with wife!!!  Thanks Brian,...upped your stars to 5! Dave
My first time here as part if unofficial Yelp event and I was definitely not disappointed! I was able to try everyone's entry and everything including our service from outsider James was absolutely wonderful. Orsay will definitely be on my repeat list!
After reading numerous Yelper's reviews of this restaurant I finally went for Valentines day dinner with my wife. The Good: My risotto, and my wife's steak were very good to excellent, and food prices were fair. Martini I had was a 9.875! The Bad: Table size and placement similar to eating on a plane Noise level very high Attitude of waiter was very narcisstic, and arrogant! Advertised special for oysters was not available for Valentines day with no disclosure as such on their web site. $15 a doz. is way too high. Price of wines I am familiar with that we ordered were 20-30% higher than other fine restaurants, but a very good wine selection overall. I might try them once more, but I was not overly impressed.
I was pleasantly surprised to find this little gem of a restaurant in the beautiful Avondale-Riverside neighborhood of Jacksonville. I was greeted quickly and made my way to the bar to dine. Jack was my bartender and server. He was helpful in making recommendations for food and wine and was attentive throughout my meal. I ordered the pear and jalapeno margarita which was divine and unique. It was sweet, spicy, and had thin slivers of the peppers and pear. I really wanted the steak but didn't want the frites because of the unnecessary starch. When I asked Jack if the chef would substitute for a vegetable side, he did not hesitate to offer 2 vegetable sides as an alternative. I really appreciated this. The steak, which I ordered medium-rare, was more on the rare side, but extremely tender and juicy with a yummy red wine jus. The sauteed spinach was delicious and the vegetable ragout consisted 4 or 5 beautifully blended ingredients. Overall, the portion was very generous and I could have easily shared it with another person. I enjoyed the steak with a lovely Meritage, Lyeth, Sonoma 2006. I was too full to try dessert, but the menu featured a comforting classics with a modern twist. Perfect. Finally, one of the owners came out to thank me for trying out the restaurant and an off-duty employee at the bar seated next to me gave me some great tips on places to sight-see. My visit to Orsay was a very enjoyable experience.
Not one complaint.  Everything was wonderful.
Outstanding.  The server was ridiculously attentive, the wine was great, the food was outstanding.  This was my first meal at Orsay, while in town on business, and I will definitely be back the next time I am in Jacksonville. There were six if us with an assortment of appetizers, the main course was ample in size as well as flavorful.  I highly recommend giving this place a shot.
I've been here 4 times and loved everything each time. I would definitely recommend brunch, as would my boyfriend who basically licked the sausage and gravy from his plate. Duck confit hash is delicious, a little rich, but it's midday and you'll survive. Happy hour is pretty sweet too. I believe it's half price drinks and appies. Last time I went I had the steak tartar and a half dozen oysters (does this qualify as a "raw diet?"). Everything was fresh and the drinks are strong enough. The only con would be the service. I've only had two servers between the 4 times I've been. The taller gentleman with the glasses is always nice, attentive and makes small talk (sorry, it's horrible that I can't remember names).  The shorter one is less than excited about life. One time he actually disappeared during our dinner and tall guy had to take over. I understand if his shift ended and it was a seamless transition, but it wasn't. Despite this, give it a try!
This place is amazing and yet I have rarely heard anyone talk about it. It may be due to their location away from the "main street" of Avondale. Started out with Apalachacola oysters. They were extremely fresh. They didn't have any of that seawater taste you get with some oysters. Just a very small hint of ocean and natural salt. They were firm and not at all slimy. Plus 25cents each went to help the gulf oil spill! I then had the duck breast. It was cooked perfectly medium-rare with the skin nice and crisp, but not burnt, and the underlying fat just starting to melt. Perfect! It is served with lentils and parsnips which make a great pairing. The duck they used was very flavorful without any game-ness to it. My wife had the wild caught grouper. It was a generous portion of fish that was perfectly done all the way through while not being dry. The temperature control on both dishes was perfect! Her's was paired with artichokes olives and vegetables, giving it a nice Mediterranean feel. They have a nice wine list that isn't pretentious and allows you to select anything from $20 up to a few hundred a bottle. They also have a very nice by-the-glass selection. The menu is not too extensive but it hits all the French standards. I think the simplicity leads to really excellent treatment of the dishes that are on it. Awesome price for the amount and quality of food. The service was impeccable and the decor is casual, simple, and clean with a bit of a country house feel to it. The inside layout also lends to them being able to mix intimate dining and large groups without one getting in the other's way. WE WILL BE BACK!!!
When you are in the restaurant business, your expectations tend to be high when you eat out.  Which, for me means there are only about a dozen restaurants in Jacksonville that I eat at over and over again. And I cook at home a lot.   But I would probably eat here almost every time I decide to go out for dinner if my bank account allowed it.  This is, to me, easily the best restaurant in Jacksonville. Service, food, decor, drinks, they have it all nailed.  I have never ordered anything that wasn't great.  I was there with a friend last year that ordered the butternut risotto, which I tasted and I thought it was OK.  But I have pretty strong feelings when it comes to both butternut squash and risotto, so I never let that cloud my opinion of Orsay.  So why am I even mentioning it now?  I guess because it's the only even slightly un-wonderful memory I have had eating there.  And I am kind of a picky bitch, so this is quite a feat.  Love this place.
Well I'm so very happy that my most recent experience at Orsay was amazing! Having had a couple mishaps previously, I was tentative to return. However many friends could not stop raving about this place, so I wanted to try again. The Rules: Actually have dinner! The last two times were for brunch and happy hour. The dining room is where it is at! Our server was darling. There was only a tiny error when steak tartare came out instead of our foie gras. However we had also ordered oysters, so this gave us an opportunity to enjoy those on their own. When the foie gras was delivered, it was perfect timing. The food was spot on the entire evening. From our appetizers to entrees (Moules Frites, Casseolet) to the delectable dessert, we were just delighted. We did start our evening in the lounge and enjoyed the 2-4-1 cocktails. The Moscow Mule was dangerously easy to consume! The dining room was a mix of modern and classic--could be romantic but still fun! Great energy and environment. Thanks Orsay for restoring my faith in you!
First of all, the good stuff.  This place was on balance outstanding.  The menu was creative and absolutely fit for foodies.  Service was well informed and reasonably paced.  I look forward to going back to Jacksonville to visit this place which to give you fair warning is in what seems like a bad area (Orsay is first class in appearance though it just looks like it ought to be in a better area but it takes nothing away from the experience at all and was kind of amusing) near a gas station and a quickie mart.   Cheese Plate was fantastic. Also YOU ABSOLUTELY MUST HAVE DESSERT...even if you don't usually have dessert, we ordered about one of each of them and they were excellent.   The one bad thing which frankly pissed me off a little?  The waiter made a point of telling us how amazing the pomme frites (french fries) were and how everyone loves them and they are cooked in duck fat blah blah blah.  Needless to say, we ordered them and they were inedibly salty.  When we advised the waiter, he indicated that a lot of people complaint about that but that the chef makes it this way.  Ok, fine, whatever, he should have taken it off the bill but more importantly, HEY CHEF !!!! EASE UP ON THE SALT.....I know Fries are supposed to be salted but jeez....
My husband and I made a special trip back from HHI, SC to eat here! We had the house-made triple foie gras, cheese plate, and melt in your mouth lamb ragout and boeuf bourguignon with seasonal vegetables. My husband's favorite the Black Truffle mac n cheese was creamy without being cloying and the truffle taste was warm and earthy. The wine selections are wonderful, and the service is excellent. Watching how perfectly timed the front of the house is undoubtedly an indication of the kitchen. We watched a table of 12 served all at the same time with the coordination of a stage performance. The only negative might be that it is a very lively & noisy place due to the concrete floors and close tables-however; the food is more than worth the din.
Decent food?...check. Good drinks?...check. Unenthusiastic staff?  Check.   Tables so close to each other I could smell my neighbor's breath?...check!   I would still go back?  CHECK! Overall, I wanted to like this place and I did.  For Jacksonville, this is bordering on great.  But in comparison to the outside world, it is just barely above average.  But hey, I said it is above average.   First the food.  It is good overall.  We only had appetizers and salads due to appetite, but were generally satisfied.  The steak tartar was great.  I recommend.  Bread in the beginning was uninspiring and made me think they ran out and darted to Winn Dixie just before we arrived.  The spinny salads were nice...great combo of blue cheese, bacon, pecans, etc.  ...divine.  The only disappointment was the sauteed calamari.  It just did not have a fresh taste to me...or maybe was overcooked.  I would so pass next time.  I would like to go back and try some entrees.  Oh and any restaurant that has rillettes on the menu gets happy points.  Now I just have to actually try theirs next time....and there will be a next time! The venue? Nice, but overly crowded tables in spots.  The bar seemed nice and outdoor seating as well.  But I could literally touch my neighbor's forehead without so much as a stretch.  Many restaurants go for communal dining, but this just felt like packing tables in.  They have the room, so it may be bad implementation. The staff?  I cannot even remember who waited on us...and I usually do.  He was somewhat attentive to our needs overall, but lacked enthusiasm.  He also stumbled to pronounce a fantastic drink.  Not a big deal, but just shows either lack of interest in the menu...or lack of training..or both. Other stuff?  I had a great cocktail, the Levrette (I think).  It had lavender infused gin with fresh grapefruit.  Fantastic blend.  Light and refreshing.  Go for it!  I just pee'd my pants thinking about it.  :) So, go for it.  I am hungry just thinking about it.
When I review a restaurant, I review the food...not the atmosphere. I must say, it's a really cool restaurant and I want to go there for happy hour. Very cool scene. Ok, so the food. I really love the fact that they use locally grown food whenever possible. The meat is locally raised and grass fed! Incredible that a high end restaurant is biting the bullet and putting the money into great ingredients. The prices range from $15-35 per plate, more on the low end. We started with the Mac and Cheese from the kids menu and it was excellent. My girlfriend ordered the Grouper as her entree and really liked it, she was a little upset with the small portion. I ordered a very simple half of chicken dish, I must say, it was simple. Nothing about it jumped off of the plate and onto this post. My friend ordered the Beef Bourguignon, again it was very good but I do remember him making a comment that he likes his better. I thought the portions were a little small and none of them were extremely stellar. The one thing that I remember and will never forget from my first experience at Orsay is the Frittes! OMG, you must order these. Please Chef Orsay, teach everyone in Jacksonville how you make those deep fried, scrumptious morsels of spud. I give it 3.5 stars based on my friends reviews and how much they loved the food. As of right now, this is my second favorite restaurant in Jacksonville behind 11 South. I will bring my friends and family because of the locally produced food and the wonderful atmosphere.
The atmosphere is wonderully comfortably simple.  They have a great wine list along with housemade cocktails.  There is a nice patio seating area and an outdoor lounge area, then move inside to the bar area where there are comfortable lounges with tables and the bar is easy to approach. We started with the oysters and muscles.  The oystrers were the freshest I have tasted. We then moved on to an amazing dinner experience, the atmosphere service and wine was great. There were 4 people in our party two ordered the duck breast, pork chop and lobster pot pie as main entrees, we started with oysters the freshest I've  had,everything was perfect, finished with deserts also amazing! You won't be disappointed.
Went here for brunch and was extremely pleased.  It's a little pricy but very worth it.  The bloody mary's were absolutely delicious, and the pear margarita was good, but a little sweet for my taste.  We had the beef tartare which was fabulous, and I had the croque madame which was also delicious.  It was a different take on it, with pork shoulder that was extremely tender, and the gruyere cheese with an egg just made for a creamy, messy and delicious sandwich.  My boyfriend had the duck hash which he was very happy with.  It was maybe a little too salty, but it didn't detract from the dish.  The only thing that I personally didn't like was the deviled eggs.  It was overly seasoned.  Bacon on top was good though.  Overall, very very happy!  (And service was great too)
I Have to say..I called the Hostess to make plans for the Wife's Bday to the moment we finished our dinner, we both could not have been more impressed by the staff, the food. We walked through the door the hostesses were professional. We went to the bar area and stood to order and David was Johnny on the spot, Polite, Professional, Unassuming and No Pressure. What a Breath of fresh air. Served our drinks and checked with us but not overbearing. Then we seated and ended up with a beautiful table with Adam as our Server. Ok, I know what your thinking no way we could get 2 servers that were just as good. Well you would be wrong. Adam was awesome, again Low pressure, pleasing, knowledgeable about the menu, again during the entire dinner service always at the table refilling glasses, check on our needs, but not hovering or overbearing. We started with the fried oysters as appetizer, AMAZING! The wife had the Duck Breast (Main Course), AWESOME! I had the Mussels, OUT OF THIS WORLD! And Dessert the wife had I want to say a chocolate torte and We shared but.. I even told him when he recommended the bread pudding that they would have to be very good to beat Biscotti's (Another local place dessert wise). So so I could compare without my knowledge, he brought me a free bread pudding and alas it was not as good as Biscotti's, it was the thought that counted. I Did appreciate it! I Would highly recommend this location for a wonderful dinner for special occasion. Although it does not change my rating, the ambiance to me seemed cold and confusing. Sort of going for the bistro look but it was like sitting in a big meeting room, a little loud, not personal, with odd lighting set up (old chandeliers, and lite bulbs, dark western at least that is what I thought about the wood trim) for a Bistro type atmosphere did not quite fit.   So if it were for a marriage proposal or some event like that, I would say look for something more quiet and personal. KUDOS to the best Dinner spot in town at this point and keep up the good work! We will see you again soon!
I had an extremely enjoyable experience at Restaurant Orsay while here on a business trip. There is a super nice vibe in the restaurant, which is in a little commercial area surrounded by stately southern homes west of downtown. Yelp gets 5 stars for helping me find this hidden gem. And for what you get (I had French Onion soup and steak frites, both of which were excellent), it's really not that expensive. I had a glass of Merlot too and was out the door for $45 including tip. Sitting at the bar, it made me wish I had a DD, because they were making all kinds of cool looking drinks (jalapeno-pear margaritas, to name one). Everyone in here seemed like they were on an anniversary dinner or special date night, and I can see why. If I lived in Jacksonville, I'd come here to celebrate too and remind me of places where good food is slightly more bountiful, lol.
I went to high school with the owner here, so I had to try it. First time, I went for dinner and I drooled over everything. Second time, I went for brunch and sucked down too  many bloody marys! You gotta order the croque madame sandwich (I think it's on the brunch & dinner menus). Good selection of oysters from different regions. And fresh! Great decor - nice bar with backlighting, dark wooden beams in the ceiling. Feels very crisp. Always on my list for my visits - so good!
I came in here after a stressful workload. I had been working since Thursday through the weekend pulling some crazy hours on a major project. Then I found this place and instantly with the first bite of the fresh french bread and rich butter my stress started melting away. The instant my waiter,Mark, described the cassoulet I knew nothing of 120 hours of torture I had endured as a result of my occupation. I was worried driving out here to the middle of a Jacksonville suburb might have been a mistake. But low and behold! You can't judge an establishment by the looks of its cede surroundings lol. Liquor store and gas station across the street and abandoned lot adjacent. Now I'm staring at my roasted cauliflower bisque that has been accompanied with bits of lobster and chives. What is the cost of this stress relief? $30 and worth every penny that's going on my expense report :) So what's in a cassoulet? Well its leg of duck confit over a stew of roasted pork, farm bacon, and andouille sausage all sitting in a cast iron plate. Friggin phenomenal. I was stressed out about finishing my work, finding a new job cuz mine is about to end...in the end...I feel things are turning I was about to come here for their skirt steak which got the best reviews for a steak in jax, but coming in I was so impressed by the service that I trusted my waiters recommendation. Blown away today and feeling relaxed if not all satiated. I was worried about getting layed off and finding a new job paying a bunch of bills...but its all in the past I feel like the tide is turning :) thank you Orsay!
It doesn't get much better than Orsay in Jacksonville: The atmosphere = great The cocktails = imaginative The food = perfectly prepared The service = impeccable We were back here for my husband's birthday Saturday and had a couple friends with us. They had never been to Orsay nor had they heard of it and were very impressed. We shared the Petite Plateaux of seafood, which was super fresh and beautifully presented. We also shared a cheese platter and our server chose the cheeses for us. I really love the truffled honey served with it. I ordered the Filet, which was cooked perfectly medium rare as requested. It was accompanied with truffled mashed potatoes (divine!) as well as wild mushrooms, Eden Farms bacon, asparagus, and finished with a red wine jus. The location is quite the jaunt for us from the beach, but it is worth it every time.
Went here for our anniversary and was not disappointed at all. Our waitress was wonderful and they treated us to dessert. All together we had the roasted oysters, soup du jour, duck breast, mac and cheese, and the salmon special. Good atmosphere and cocktails. Will be back hopefully soon.
Great food excellent service.. Appetizer the Salmon tartar, dinner, the Duck my wife the Pork Chop both were excellent, best creme brûlée ever....only downside kind of crowded very loud... Other than that awesome....
This restaurant would not be out of place in San Francisco -- at three times the prices. Recommendations: Croque Madam and the bistro steak with pommes frites. The pear martini is heavenly. There is a nice range of prices so you can dine without a hefty tab, or if you're in the mood go for broke.
I went to Orsay yesterday afternoon for cocktails with a friend. Their happy hour is weekdays from 4pm to 7pm, during which time the drinks are half price. In terms of value, I haven't found anything in Jax that competes. The staff was quite attentive. Alex, our waiter, was a pleasure. I had three of their cocktails and my friend had one. The Dark & Stormy is crisp - almost refreshing - and quite good. I had to try the Pear Jalapeno Margarita. Mine came a little warm, so I assume a few of the ingredients are kept at room temperature. This is fine and the ice cooled it over time, but as a matter of preference it's good to keep in mind. This was the most interesting drink I tried. The flavors do go well together, but I do caution that you need to enjoy the flavor of jalapeno to enjoy this drink. It's strong, and enduring. Be careful about what food you pair it with. Alex recommended I try the Bee's Knees next, which was excellent. It's light with primarily a citrus flavor, and not overly sweet. My friend had the French Pear Martini, which I'd heard was a good choice. It's excellent as well - a chilled, sweet pear flavor, and fantastically smooth. We also had the marinated calamari appetizer. It was on point, with a wonderful sauce. Overall I had a fantastic experience. Both the drinks and the calamari showed attention to detail and an earnest interest in the food/drinks. Having spent the past four years in LA and Vegas, I've been digging through Jacksonville for a few drinks that will compete with what I've gotten used to. The Dark & Stormy and Pear Martini get my vote. I'll definitely be back to try more.
Great Place overall. I've lived in Jacksonville my whole life and just went there for the first time the other night for my birthday. The place looked awesome and we got seated right away. The cocktail menu has a great variety of drinks and showed great innovative drinks. I had a couple and I liked each one. I got the french onion soup which was out of this world good, and so was my entree which was the lobster pot pie. It was a little small, but it was real good, and everyone else at the table loved their food. The desert I got was the banana brioche bread pudding which was slightly above average in terms of bread puddings. Great Overall service and I will totally recommend it going forward.
pretty pricey for food that was pretty good, not great.  loud and boisterous atmosphere inside but kinda hip and fun.  servers were very nice but service was just ok. seemed like a wanna-be super cool place in Jax and just didn't quite do it.  worth trying but don't set expectations too high and be prepared for a spendy bill.
Unbelievably good!  Service was excellent, I had the Fois Gras appetizer and was blown away.  My date had the potato leek soup with truffle oil -- also amazingly delicious on the palate. For my dinner, I ordered the pork chop -- I was not disappointed!  Huge piece of meat, on the bone, not overly fatty and cooked to perfection!!!   Highly highly recommend this place!  We'll be back soon!
Innovative food and great service.
Was in town for one night, picked this place and I really lucked out! I'm vegetarian so options are always limited. The Shepherd's Pie was excellent, the Black Friar cocktail was truly phenomenal (I would have tried others if I didn't have to drive!). The waitstaff was awesome and patient with my peculiarities. You'll thank yourself if you go here.
Loved it!!  Try the Pear Martini, because it's amazing!  Not to mention the Mac&Cheese was AMAZING!!  Service?  MARK was greatEST EVER!!!
We had brunch here and it was EASILY the best meal we had on our 3 day trip to JAX. Unfortunately, we ate here on our last day, so we couldn't return. I wish we'd had dinner here the previous night instead of Cantina Laredo.The food was great and the service was impeccable from beginning to end. The hostess was pleasant, our server was attentive, personable, quick, and knowledgeable, and the hostess, our server, and two other servers all proved very helpful in helping us find a place for dinner. The four of us all ordered different menu items and shared. Everything came out perfectly seasoned and cooked, and our special requests (crispy bacon, lighter saucing, pulpy juice) were handled very well. The quality of their meats is great, and I was impressed at how skillfully they handle eggs here. I really can't think of anything bad to say about this meal, and even the dinner recommendation we received here was spot on. The menu is mostly simple classics, but they require skill to prepare, and the kitchen staff definitely knows what they're doing! I highly recommend Restaurant Orsay, and if I have to go to JAX again, I doubt I will venture far from their kitchen for my meals!
Where should I start? oh yeah... appetizer... hudson valley foie gras - pear, foie gras, and brioche perfection. main course... grove farms colorado lamb shank - the lamb fell off the bone, softest i've ever had.  comes with couscous, almonds, and apple. it is a yummy flavor explosion. dessert... banana brioche bread pudding... need I say more? service was excellent and the restaurant is romantic but also great for groups.
So we went back and had brunch again, this time having lunch type dishes. Again the service was immaculate. This time they went above and beyond. My husband is allergic to nuts. And he ordered the Carolina Trout without looking at the menu description. (The very accurate menu description.) So it comes out and he can't eat it. They were SO gracious about remaking his dish. SO very gracious. And my roast chicken salad was divine. The dressing was light but full of flavor and the chicken was juicy and moist with that crisp skin you love on chicken. I will continue to love Orsay.
Absolutely top notch! Service was excellent, modern design, and the food was unbelievably good! I ordered the Steak Frites and it was definitely worth the drive from the beaches. Will return ASAP
Charcuterie plate was great, but nothing else stood out.
Orsay is just...so good.  Creative, unique, and consistently delicious.  There's nowhere in Jacksonville I'd rather go for dinner.   This time, my companion and I got marinated calamari with tomatoes, capers and olives as an appetizer.  The flavors were sharp and balanced and worked really well with calamari.   My companion ordered a special - a short ribs in puff pastry inspired by Beef Wellington.  It took a little while to arrive, but was perfect when it came out.  I ordered the Croque Madame, which absolutely exceeded my expectations.  Perfect egg, pulled pork in some crazy rich sauce, broiled Gruyere on crusty bread and a petite salad.  Just...yes.   My Manhattan was just right, and dessert was a quirky trio of sorbet: coconut habanero, mango lime chili and banana five-spice.   Oh, Orsay.  Never change.
I had been wanting to go to Orsay for a while now, and today we finally go to go for brunch with some fellow Yelpers:-). Everything we had was absolutely delicious, from the mimosas, sangria, and even the orange juice and that was just our drinks! The food...omg the food all of it was amazing I got to try a bit of everything that each person ordered and boy can I say Orsay has out done themselves! The mussels I got to try were so good but the best part was soaking up the bread in the broth that they came in...(heaven). The eggs a la Orsay were sooo good(I tried some of them to), I had the biscuits and sausage gravy...yum yum and yum, the lobster mac and cheese was another great dish, the grits were awesome...even our sever James was awesome! Lastly the dessert we went with the Chocolate cremeux which was like a chocolate mouse cake and popcorn ice cream....Devine! I can't wait to go back!
Best Brunch in Jax! Highly recommend the bloody mary, roasted, oysters, shrimp & grits, biscuits and gravy, duck confit hash, and the goat cheese omelette. YUM! Dinner is amazing too, but brunch is great food at a great price.
This is the one restaurant in Jacksonville that makes me believe there is hope for us yet.  It just seems like there is a commitment to quality here as well as making it a fun place to go eat.  It is clear that the owners and the staff care about what they do because it comes through in the food and the service. I would love it if they were in a better location, though.  I can appreciate why they took over the old Crush location but it would be great to grab something to eat and then walk over to another bar.  Don't get me wrong, I still go here and have a great time.
My husband and I have been eating at Orsay since it opened and everything has always been five stars.  This review is strictly based on the hostess we encountered last week.  I asked her if she could seat us somewhere else because we were sat at a big table in the middle of the room, and she begrudgingly said she didn't know if she could move us.  The restaurant was near empty when we arrived, and only got to about 50% occupied by the time we left.  I told her we had reservations because she never asked when we came in, (didn't know if it made a difference or not) and she actually talked back to me!  We did get relocated, to another bad table, (I am confident she did this on purpose) but I didn't want to keep complaining.  I expect a certain level of professionalism and service when eating somewhere like Orsay, and being talked down to by a hostess a decade younger than me wearing oversized non-prescription glasses is not what I call professional.     However, the food was terrific.
While in town, I came here for dinner and it was an incredible meal and experience!  Very attentive service, super cute ambiance - very trendy and relaxing, and amazing food.  I got the Pan Roasted Fish Special (Anson Mills antebellum grits, creamed corn, Eden Farms bacon, lobster roe butter, upland cress ).  It was one of the best meals I have ever had!  So delicious - I would definitely recommend Orsay!!
Really great overall experience! I'm not sure why some people had mediocre service. The night my husband and I went, we were extremely impressed with the service. It wasn't only the waiter who served us. Random waiters would walk by and stop and clear our table, refill drinks. Even the hostess came and cleared our table at one point.  The food was amazing! It was our first experience with French cuisine. The escargot had an amazing mushroom sauce. I had the bouillabaisse and my husband had the pork chop. Would definitely recommend, and we will be coming back!
This is an excellent restaurant... and the food was excellent... the only reason I am not giving it a 4 or 5 stars is because is not an every weekend type of restaurant... unless you do enjoy very upscale restaurants every weekend.. Prices are not bad for the quality and taste... and the amount of food is sufficient... not big portions... but enough.... One of the dishes we enjoyed the best was the Steak Tartar...  but I would pass on the desserts... they are not bad... but you can do better by trying deserts at nearby places like Biscotti and European Street Cafe.
Very pleasantly surprised by this fantastic little place in Jacksonville. This restaurant could be in a side street of Paris or NYC. The cheese selection was amazing. The wine selection was tasteful and well curated. Food also very good. The atmosphere is great, and lends itself to good conversation. The lighting is subtle and inviting. I had the pear martini at the bar while waiting for my table and really liked it. I had Malbec (Santa Julia) with dinner and it was great as well. Ordered the filet mignon, good size, well cooked. Would definitely return if ever in Jacksonville again.
We dined here on April 9, 2013.  My wife had the pâté which was tasty but not outstanding. Her main meal was the Diver scallops which again, were cooked perfectly but didn't wow her - the accompanying spinach did not go well with it. I had the West Coast Dabob Bay oysters which were outstanding, as expected. My entree was the Bouillabaisse which was fine but I have had much better - the saffron tomato broth didn't do it justice. Unfortunately, our server was not forthcoming with any of the special items - we had to ask - and simply lacked personality and was inconsistent in picking up our plates or inquiring about our meal. Would we be back? Only if we couldn't find anything else.
Excellent service, and food was amazing.  My gluten free requests were accommodated without issue. Went for dinner, we each got something different and shared each other's food; all dinners were awesome. The ambiance is super cool, you get a great vibe just walking in the door!
Orsay makes you feel like they LOVE to have you there!  And that's a great feeling!  The food, staff and environment are delightful!   I have been several times for dinner, happy hour and brunch and have never been disappointed.     Their happy hour from 4pm to 7pm throughout the week has a great tapas menu along with 1/2 priced drinks.  It's a great place to unwind and the atmosphere is energetic and fresh.  Also their Sunday brunch is a good choice for breakfast (omlettes, quiche) and lunch type menu items along with some great brunch cocktails - mimosas, bloody marys, etc.  One of their staple cocktails has become my favorite - the French pear martini.  I can't seem to get enough!
I love this place! Great food, great drinks. Last time I went I had the spinach salad with bacon vinaigrette, then the Fillet Mignon with bacon an pearl onions at the bottom. MMMMM bacon. For dessert I had the strawberry shortcake, yummm.  I only wish my company was better that night! Consistently good food an good service.
Best fine dining restaurant in Jacksonville. My friend wanted to go there for her birthday, it was the perfect place. The ambiance was lovely, the service attentive, and the food amazing. The exterior does not do this place justice; it's not until you walk inside that the tone is set. The lighting and decor are tasteful and well done, not too dark as some restaurants tend to be. The food is incredible; everyone at our table raved about it. The calamari appetizer is unique and perfectly seasoned, a delightful retreat from the typical breaded and fried preparation. For my entree, I had the bouillabaisse, which was the best I have ever tasted, also perfectly seasoned and savory. According to the server, all the desserts are made in-house by their pastry chef, and I can tell you that the strawberry shortcake was divine. The lemon-infused cream that is served with it is the perfect topping for this delectable dessert. I have not one complaint about this place. I had such a great experience that I left feeling like it was MY birthday.
A very elegant, understated, relaxing dining room was a joy to relax in.  The service was impeccable, the meal a delight.  This was my first trip and I will be back!  I had the Vietnamese Noodle Bowl (served every Sunday) and it was wonderful.   Chef Millie Barnes
Wonderful food, delightful bar staff, Connor and Adam Adam make cocktails worth the trip.
Orsay...heeeeyyyy! After a nice scenic drive down Park street my husband and I arrived at this French, rustic gem. The front dining room and bar  looked like a fun place to dine with friends, but I was on a date and hoped for  something more intimate.  Thankfully a short walk down the hall opened up to a sexy, dark, romantic dining area. We were seated close to our neighbors, but it didn't bother me in the least...kinda added to the atmosphere. Service was prompt and professional as one would expect from such an establishment. Food was...yes. First bite of my duck...yes. Stolen bite of my husband's hanger steak...yeeessssss. Creme brûlée (my simple litmus test for any French eatery)...yes, absolutely yes. On the scale of Love/Try/Skip you must LOVE.
Been here for both happy hour and dinner. The food and cocktails here are excellent. The happy hour is one of the best deals in town, however dinner is a bit pricey. Very nice ambience. Great spot for a date or fancy dinner.
Great food, good atmosphere, great service. Probably the best wine selection in Jacksonville. Very extensive, creative menu. Highly recommend.
Delicious - had foie mousse, baked oysters, duck confit hash, shrimp and grits, mimosas, bloody mary w/ cucumber gin - if Orsay was in SF, it would be packed at all times.
Whenever I'm in my hometown on a Sunday morning, it is a MUST that I make time to enjoy a little Orsay brunch. This is certainly one of the BEST brunches offered in the city, if not THE best! Every dish I have ever eaten is palate pleasing. My favorite is the french toast, and I typically order it every visit. I've also tried the following dishes: biscuits and gravy, omelet (the one with spinach, tomato confit and parm ... its name escapes me at the moment), and shrimp and grits. The french toast just happens to be my fave. Four stars for the restaurant overall, but certainly five for the french toast. Rather I dine in or opt for to-go, the french toast if always tasty and freshly prepared!
One of the best restaurant in Jacksonville. We moved to Jax from NYC last year and this restaurant is probably the only restaurant that we agree that it will make it in the big apple. We love the cocktail menu and brunch menu. Have never been disappointed with these two menus. We went a couple times for dinner, the experience was good but not as good as brunch. some items on dinner menu is just ok, some are to die for. Most of the appetizers are awesome. Sea scallop tartare, escargot and foie gras are top notch and comparable to five stars restaurants in the big city. Steak Frites , Duck, and lamp shank are our favorite. Cassoulet is a little bit let down but we had the best cassoulet to compare with. Desserts are ok, nothing to write home about but their home made ice-cream is a nice touch. For the brunch menu, we have tried almost everything and I'm happy to say that it's all good. Best place for brunch in town for sure. It's not cheap but it worth the good food and experience.
My first visit! Heard wonderful things from friends and the brunch did not disappoint! Delicious food so many amazing options! Went for a culinary school fundraiser and sampled many things. Everything was delicious! Can't wait to go back! Perfectly seasoned and prepared!
Yummy food, great service.  Definitely try the jalapeno-pear margarita!
I had a wonderful 5 course dinner here last weekend! Oysters, escargot, Orsay salad, Duck risotto, and petit fours all in that order. I also started the meal off with a dark and stormy. Delicious!
I once read a review of a bbq joint by a reviewer who didn't like 'southern style' places. As I read the review, I thought to myself "what the hell is the point of this review?  This guy obviously had his mind made up before he went into the place".  As I write this review I am fully aware of the irony.  I tried to go into Orsay with an open mind  as I hate this kind of place.  This type of '20 dollars a plate for an a la carte menu where you should probably order individual apps and dessert with a cocktail setting'  that leaves you at least 50 dollars poorer a head and leaves you wondering "was that actually any better than paying half the price for one of those highly reviewed French inspired new American places? (i.e kickbacks, coulhanes)"  So apparently, I don't like foie gras and that is about 20 percent of the menu and I don't want sorbet or mousse for dessert which is a chunk of the dessert menu. One thing I found nice and unexpected was the wide price ranges for an otherwise limited selection of dishes.  Food ranged from 12 to 35 dollars per plate as opposed to the strict 20-30 dollars price range I usually see in such places.  As I went on a Wednesday, the clientele was mostly older couples who can afford such food on a weekday interspersed with 40 somethings at the cocktail bar whose decore reminded me of an apple store.  (Very sheek).    Okay, specifics, there was nothing bad about the lamb ragout and the risotto.  It wasn't special but I wouldn't kick it out of bed either.  And it wasn't their fault that I apparently hate foie gras which I ordered for an appetizer.  Their service was quite good but I never really factor that into any of my reviews as my reviews are mainly about food.  They had the standard wine selection one expects of such paces and I hear their martinis are something special.  I for one enjoyed their ginger ale tremendously which for all I know was just Canada Dry.  Will I go here again?  No.  Would I recommend to a friend?  No (see 1 star rating above).  Is this a bad restaurant?  absolutely not.  I like to think that one day, when I am old, and have been successful in my endeavors, and have seen all the oceans and climbed all the mountains and loved all the beautiful blondes, I will be able to sit down to a table at Orsay and enjoy a dry martini with my very favorite duck liver and say "Life has been good to me".  So Orsay, see you in like 30
I really considered giving three stars, but opted to go for four, since the host and management really went above and beyond after receiving such a bad service from our waiter. We moved from Jacksonville about two years ago and really have missed this place, so we were looking forward to visiting Orsay while we were in town to see the family.  The night we were there it was fairly slow night and about two hours before closing.  Our waiter that night was sub-par, our drink order never came, we flagged down the host who brought us our drinks.  We ordered our appetizers, oysters and warmed olives, by the time the olives came to the table they were cold.  When we finally were able to order and received our main course it was fantastic! My BF ordered the Eden Farms Berkshire Pork Chop and I ordered the Risotto.  The Pork Chop is something that my BF raves about, even now when people ask him what he liked best about living in Jacksonville his answer always is "The Pork Chop from Orsay." (yes he is a big foodie) The Risotto was just as good, I'm such a sucker for browned butter, it can make almost anything better!   We finished our dinner with dessert and drinks.  We had the Pistachio Mousse Terrine and a glass of Broadbent Madeira Colheita 1996.  If you try one dessert on the menu, let it be this one!  It was perfectly balanced with savory and sweetness and paired perfectly with the port. (Highly recommend this port too!) Overall our experience could have been worse, but management at Orsay is great and really do appreciate their customers and their concerns.
Five stars all the way!  We went last night for our anniversary dinner and were greeted with complimentary glasses of champagne.  The ambience, service, food, and cocktails are all top notch... it doesn't get better than this.  My husband had the Cassoulet, and I had the Filet Mignon and we both ate every last bite!  Our server was accommodating, super nice, and extremely knowledgeable.  They allow you to bring a special bottle of wine with you and the corkage fee is only $10.  The restaurant is comfortable, intimate, but still chic.  Can't wait to go back!
If you are looking for a magnificent Sunday brunch, Orsay is definitely the place to go. I went with my boyfriend and parents and stayed for 2 hours. The prices are good and the food is excellent quality, everything made fresh and very original. They have starters for a dollar such as yummy apple bread and deviled eggs. I also love their roasted oysters. They have a new twist on beef stroganoff which was the best I've ever eaten. Of course they have mimosas and bloody mary's as well... wouldn't be sunday brunch without them! The service is unparalleled and they are very knowledgeable. I just love this place!
Fantastic meals - pictures tell the story best!   Beautiful space, great atmosphere, very romantic, friendly service, and very helpful sommelier.  She recommended the Wind Gap 2010 Pinot Gris, which was not only off the beaten path, as she put it, but was absolutely out of this world - what a great surprise in that bottle!  We plowed through the appetizer section of the menu with ease, and the food was all wonderful! To wit, in order of yum-ness: trois foie mousse, PEI mussels, hand-cut fries, roasted oysters, butternut squash soup with bacon, and mac & gruyere cheese!  Definitely a must-visit - if we're ever back Jacksonville way on business or otherwise, we'll be spending a few hours of our time in this lovely place!
I had the fillet. The food was just ok. This is the first place on yelp that I thought was over-rated. The food was too salty. Good service. The house water was actually good...haha :o)
Orsay is top notch!!  Never had a bad meal there.  The Orsay burger is as good as it gets.  Grass fed beef which comes from a farm just out side of Jacksonville cooked to perfection.  It has a nice chunk of Foie Gras on top.  It is served on a house made brioche bun and topped with a red onion marmalade which is nice cause it helps cut through the fat of the foie.  Served with the pomme frites.  Service is always on point.  Staff is extremely knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list.  It is hard not to just want to just go down the cocktail list and try everything.  The pear jalapeno margarita is bangin'  The next night you have off or if your are trying to impress someone, take them to Orsay.
This restaurant is a must if you love and have a passion for food. I have been several times and am always happy when I leave here. The food is delicious! One of my favorite items on the menu is the escargot. This is a great place for couples, singles...anyone really would enjoy their dining experience. My favorite entree is the filet mignon. Its perfection. My boyfriend is in love with the steak frites. How can you go wrong with hangar steak and pomme frites?? Not only is their food good but their cocktails are off the chain! Try the following drinks next time you go: Pear Jalapeno Margarita, Dark & Stormy, or the French Pear Martini. For dessert, the creme brulee is to die for! You will not be disappointed.
If your in the Jax area, this is the ONLY place you should go...over and over!  Chef Brian does not disappoint!  From the clockwork like service, to Brian examining every dish that leaves his kitchen, this place is a complete dining experience. And I haven't even gotten to the food yet...We had Jalapeño Margaritas, awesome!   The duck was excellent, the boulliabasse (had it night 2) was great.  Do yourself a favor and skip the other restaurants (Matthew's) ...this is the place!
Orsay is by far the best restaurant in Jacksonville. I have eaten there probably about 8 times and it is consistently excellent! I went again last night with my boyfriend and my sister and brother-in-law who had never been before. They all loved it! The Pear Jalapeno Margarita is one of the best cocktails on the drink menu but all the cocktails are wonderful and refreshing! Be sure to try the Bouillabaisse, Duck Breast and the best ever Steak Frites you will put in your mouth! The desserts are also wonderful, yummy homemade Smores and ice creams are delicious! Service is first class and ambiance is very chill. Every time I go it's a new adventure in my mouth. Can't wait to go again!!!!!!!!!
Very romantic. Consistently beautiful, delicious food. Excellent service. Very pricey, but really perfect for a special occasion.
By far one of the best restaurants in Jax.  I've yet to be disappointed.  I am particularly fond of the duck, which is the best duck I've ever had.  Make sure to have it prepared the way the chef recommends it (which I believe is medium rare).  I would go in to more detail about the food, decor, price, etc. but I'm sure that Yelp will filter this review  within a week so that is kind of pointless.  So I'll just leave you with "This place is awesome, you have to check it out".
I went to Orsay for brunch with two girlfriends a few weeks ago. I had the eggs benedict, which were ridiculous; the sauce was incredible. I'd had a late night out the night before, and the after affects were very much soothed by their delicious bloody mary (made extra spicy). We weren't seated in the standard dining room, but the ambiance was lovely for brunch, and I can imagine it would be the same for dinner. On all accounts, Orsay was fabulous and merits return visits - for date night, special occasions, girls nights and happy hours. I'd probably not bring kids here, but I'd bring myself over and over again! :) Excellent food, ambiance and service.
My friends and I went to Orsay during the weekend and it was booked so we wind up just going anyways in hopes of getting a seat. Within less than 30 mins of wait time, our table was ready for us. We had great service and food. My favorite was the bouillabaisse and pan roasted chicken. My friends had the maple leaf duck breast, steak frites, and lobster rissoto which were also delicious. For appetizers we ordered cheese and crackers from their cheese menu, escargot (wonderfully delicious), and roasted oysters. The menu is quite unique from the other French restaurants here, but they do have a few of the same items such as the escargot, foie gras, cassoulet, and each restaurant makes their dish slightly different.
Went to Orsay with high expectations for a fancy experience. Got seated practically on the laps of the folks at the next table. I have never double dated like that before. We were so close that our dinner experience was merged ...heard every word, saw every bite-too crammed together with table to the right and left. The food I had was terribly salty. I would not go back and I would never recommend this place. Very expensive too! I have had more fun in a train station!
I've been here a few times now, and I'll say this...the food rocks!  I've had the pear martini and will go back for it time and time again.  The mussels appetizer as well as the macaroni and cheese with black truffles are exquisite. This last time I went, however, the service was below poor.  The next time I go there, if Brian is my server, I'll either move to another table or leave.  I've had bag boys at Publix show more concern than this guy.   It felt to me like he went out of his way to be unhelpful.   I felt uncomfortable asking him for suggestions.  He just didn't seem like he wanted to be there.  He didn't smile, ask how anything was going, or offer up any suggestions.   On the other hand, the first time I went there for dinner I sat at the bar for a time waiting for a friend to arrive and had Nate as my bartender.  He was phenomenal!  Always smiled, offered suggestions, and made me feel very comfortable and want to be there.
being a miami girl, a restaurant can impress me pretty easily. just dont have 14 varieties of mojito that are all made poorly and i will probably think you are fantastic. to orsay's credit, the cocktails are 5 + stars all the way and the man behind the drinks helming a bar in miami would probably be considered a false god on account of his not using mixes and all. however, i got insanely sick off bad seafood here (also to orsay's credit - they comped the bad calamari) and considering jacksonville's proximity to the ocean, no excuses people! if you cant serve it 100% fresh, dont serve it. the beef bourgonion was outstanding and definetly the best one i have ever had. all in all, if i ever go back i am sticking to cocktails and beef. avoiding seafood at ALL costs.
We went for brunch - table of 3 persons.  Interesting food selection.  We had the duck hash, an omelet, and trout along with the house pate. The duck hash was outstanding.  The trout and omelet were both solid, as were the bloody Marys.  Ambiance is rather spartan and cold.   I'd go back for dinner - reasonable prices and quality food if you don't mind the setting.
Yum! I didn't know Jacksonville actually had restaurants on par with other cities, but Restaurant Orsay showed me that they do! The cheese plate here is simply to die for! Pleasant atmosphere, great food...nice service. I'll be back!
Hands down the best restaurant in Jacksonville. Forget the overpriced garbage at the Town Center and make the trek to Riverside to dine here. Good drinks, excellent chicken, attentive staff, visually appealing interior, and friendly owners. A zillion times better than Bistro Aix.
Only been twice for Brunch and can't stop ordering Eggs Benedict w/ a side of Frites! The sauce is amazing and once I can stop ordering the same, I will review!
I feel like I'm running out of enthusiastic adjectives to describe places. This place is dandy mixed with awesome, topped with delightful, with a side of colossal stupendousness. The drinks are perfect, as is the food, the noise level, the service, the decor, the list goes on. The only downside is parking is a little tricky when it starts to get busy. I recommend the duck confit hash, washed down with a red sangria, although the biscuits and gravy were equally delicious.
WOW...what a delicious brunch! Thank you Orsay.  To start off I had a yummy Bloody Mary.  Let me tell you it did not disappoint.  The steak tartare was divine.  My favorite was the duck prosciutto and the cheeses while the oysters were just oysters. While Ravenous Pig was my favorite restaurant whenever my hubby and I visit Florida, Orsay just blew the Pig out of the water!
I had dinner here last Sunday with four other people.  We started off with raw oysters and they were excellant.  Everyone ordered a different entree and everyone was very happy with their choices.  We shared desserts and the apple tart was fantastic.  The food here is exceptional, the service is excellant, and the ambiance is good too.  The thing that suprised me the most was how incredible their cocktail bar is.  Their drinks are in the same league as the Violet Hour in Chicago.
Can't be beat in Jax, kinda funny but they have an amazing burger.
I can only guess that Orsay is French for "clownshow service" or "complete incompetence."  A recent dinner there was clearly a disaster from the moment we were seated.  No one arrived to fill water glasses, or really anything, for a full ten minutes after we sat down. A waiter arrived to ask our water preference, then tried to run away, but we were able to snag him to order cocktails (which he never voluntarily offered).  Once the cocktails arrived, we had to wait again while a completely different server took our food order (after we had to ask for the specials to be read to us). When I asked what happened to the first server, I was told "oh, we're tag teaming the table".  Really?  Tag-teaming servers?  I thought I came to eat a meal, not watch a professional wrestling match.  The cocktails, and then the starters, arrived in short order - and were quite good.  Then we waited, and waited, and waited.  And waited some more.  Finally, more than one hour after ordering, the main courses arrived.  It's a shame, because the food was good.  But good food is only one part of the dining experience, and by that time we were too tired and too worn out from asking where the food was to really care how anything tasted.  The server, at least, was honest (and to his credit, embarrassed for us) and told us the kitchen made a decision to complete an order for a table of 20 before our table of four. That is what you are dealing with here.  The food was good.  Worth a visit?  See above and decide for yourselves.
I've been saying this is the best restaurant in Jacksonville for a few years, and I still believe so today. Orsay is the total package. They consistently deliver a wonderful dining experience. No "good here, okay there" business. They are strong in every department. Make reservations early. They fill up fast. Oh yeah, best Sunday brunch in town. Get a Bloody Mary.
If our meal wasn't paid for, I would have said the entrees are overpriced for what they are.  I thought it was yummy, but not THAT yummy.   I will go back for happy hour because their drinks are DELICIOUS and their happy hour appetizers/drinks are more reasonably priced.   Try their Strawberry Fields... it's my new favorite drink.
Great restaurant in Jacksonville. Fantastic food and cocktails. Fun atmosphere and great service. Never expected such a place in Jacksonville. Will definitely return when in Jacksonville.
Have gone here twice with my husband and had excellent food and service both times.  I'm looking forward to trying out their Sunday brunch (on a Sunday we get a sitter early for the kids).
Woohoo! As good as it gets! (In jacksonville)
I am in town for an interview and just tried this place solo for brunch, and it was AMAZING.  I sat at the bar and the bartender suggested the shrimp and grits, which were the best I've had in the area and the fresh corn on top added the perfect sweetness and crunch.  The bloody mary was decent, but when I go back I'll order something from the cocktail list which was inventive and filled with options. Highly recommended for brunch, cant wait to try for dinner!
Absolute excellence in every way.  The house-made ice cream was a nice treat for dessert.
Incredible in every way. Fine dining in a casual atmosphere. Beautiful place, the best service anywhere, and the food and drink are top notch. I've had the croque madame and french onion soup in the past both perfect, as was the escargot and oysters rockefeller, and cheese/accoutrement. The only thing I wasn't floored by was the calamari not that anything was wrong with it, everything else was just that good. Will definitely be back.
Modest price, great food, and top notch service. Tried the Sunday brunch menu and everything was fantastic and flavorful.
Very good food, ambiance and service. Nice vegetarian selection too. The quiche is to die for and the creamed spinach gratin super delish. Highly recommended!
I am originally from nyc , came down to visit my boyfriend and we went to dinner here , Very trendy mid end resterant , prices were very fair , entree was okay  nothing so special but their appwas yummy .. i will be coming back for app  b4 i go back to nyc.
This place really comes out of nowhere! On the way there you're driving through residential areas and then all of a sudden this island of goodness comes along. The entire atmosphere, inside and out, is very modern and clean. You may see a lot of couples and young professionals eating here, and that makes the atmosphere that much more enjoyable. Add the great menu and very friendly and helpful wait staff (we had Iron Man's computer, Jarvis, help us in the flesh) and you have yourself an overall great experience. Also, I highly recommend the pan fried fish!
2nd visit.  Better than the 1st.  Service is impeccable!  Enjoyed the bouillabaisse.  They just do it right here!   A real treat!
Had one of the best dining experiences in recent memory last month.  We walked in on a Saturday w/o reservations and were offered to put our name on a waiting list or grab a bite at the bar in the back room.  To help us make our decision Crystal personally escorted us to the back room; We decided to sit at the bar.  It was a good spot for a couple's dinner.  The speciality cocktail (pear jalapeno margarita) I had was very good - so good I had two.  The beer on tap was very cold and very fresh-tasting also.   For dinner, we ordered the soup du jour, steak tartare, some raw oysters, the scallop appetizers, and steak frites.  They were all very good with the steak frites and the steak tartare being the stand-outs.  (Of course, we were in the mood for beef when we got there.) The atmosphere at the bar was very nice and we did not feel the least bit rushed. In terms of service, the bartenders were great.  (We didn't have any experience with the table waitstaff.)  There was a little mix-up in which my husband's soup did not come out with mine.  It arrived 5 minutes later and when we received the check we discovered that it had been removed from the bill.  I cannot express how appreciated it is for restaurant staff to do the right thing without being asked. After our meal as we were enjoying the last of our drinks, Crystal (in a charming manner) made it a point to come up and ask how our experience was, briefly tell us about the back bar happy hour, and invite us back again. New favorite restaurant for us.
Only the best Grouper ever!  Had a lovely dinner with a few friends, and we were blown away by the great fish!
Orsay probably has the best french food in Jacksonville with the exception of Matthew's.  Great brunch as well.
A tad overpriced for dinner. My food was good, but not great. The decor seems a little dated and boring in the back room where we were.. The service was the best I have had in recent memory, though, and the background music was more interesting than usual. I rated it 4 stars, but I think it is more like 3.5.
Seriously the best food I have ever had in Jacksonville. My boyfriend took me on Valentine's day and it was absolutely perfect. I loved the atmosphere, the staff was very friendly and the food was AMAZING! I ordered the duck. Now I'm not normally a fan of duck but someone recommended I get it and let me tell you it was SO delicious! We also ordered brussel sprouts, which I normally don't like either but the waiter overheard me saying I don't like brussel sprouts and told me to give them a chance and goodness gracious am I glad I did because they were melt in your mouth downright amazing. My boyfriend ordered the pork chops and they were the best pork chops I've ever had. All of the meat was so tender! for dessert we ordered creme brulee and it had real vanilla beans in it (it had the black flecks like breyers ice cream does). I am so ready to go back to this place. Seriously delicious food!
I used to go here for drinks and did not try the food until my bff was in from out of town.  We went for brunch and it was fabulous.  Oysters are amazing, selection being very versatile regions of the continent.  Bloody marys and pommes frites are also good starters.  I had the Duck Confit Hash and it is one of the best things I have ever eaten.  My husband and I go for brunch at least one time a month.  I had dinner there and everything on the menu is fantastic.  The Pear Jalapeno drink is a  must have as well for happy.  You will not be disappointed here.
Excellent. The steak tartar was good as I have had. Grouper was moist and seasoned well. Service professional. Good wine list with selections in all price ranges.
As good a fine dining experience you will find anywhere, it has been a few weeks since we ate there so I will save any specifics, however if you haven't been to Orsay then you are missing some of the best that Jacksonville has to offer.
We happened upon Orsay after reading about their happy hour specials (which are amazing!) and we will definitely be back for a full dinner. Oysters were half off, the sauteed calamari was so delicious and local brews on draft were $3. The ambiance is great and service is on point. We ended up attending their 4th of July BBQ as well, and it did not disappoint. Orsay also utilizes various local farms, which I always appreciate in restaurants.
Great food, great neighbors! Fab cocktails! Thanks for hooking it up for me Sunday night after many hours of painting the salon! Xo - Mindy
This place has changed owners a bunch of times.   First if you'd like a quieter dining experience request the front room, the back get noisy. Took 6 people, an excellent meal.  Wonderful Hanger steak.  The star of the evening oddly enough was the chicken.  Best chicken I've ever eaten. Service was excellent.  It's not cheap but reasonable.
Get the pate, it is delicious! The servers are attentive and helpful with recommendations. They are a bit pricey but every bite is worth it. My only (minor) complaint is that it is always really loud. I don't know if it's an acoustics thing or they are just always at capacity.
Very good. Well trained staff.  Impeccable service.  Alexandra was a terrific server. Food was very good, good portions and very tasty.
Yummy, yummy, yummy!  We loved it.  We had the trois fois gras to start with, and then I had the spring cassoulet (divine) and my boyfriend had the bouillabaise which he loved as well :)
MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN JAX... In fact, I would come back to JAX just for this place.  I am a hardcore foodie, regularly spoiled with the finest in South Florida, and this place crushes 98% of the places there.  SO UNIQUE, amazing unique drinks with tinctures and unique liquors that balance perfect (did I say unique enough? :) ).  Great brunch and the BEST bloody mary too.  I have been back to eat nearly every dish on the menu, and LOVE THEM ALL!  Lobster Pot Pie, served deconstructed, beautiful escargot, freshest ingredients, amazing wines... even my mother who flew in from San Fran - the land of fresh, eccentric 5 star restaurants, LOVED this place. MY FAVORITE!!!  CAN"T SAY ENOUGH GOOD THINGS!!!!!
One of the TOP restaurants in Jacksonville! Price is right ~Quality is high & Nice portion sizes.
Great dinner and the waiters suggestions were right on point. I had the pork chop which was excellent and my girlfriend had the trout which was also very good.
I've had amazing dinners at Orsay, but I have to rave about their brunch. To eat this well on a Sunday morning might very well be a sin. To start off, their Bloody Mary is a work of art, and the Mimosas are the perfect ratio of Champagne to orange juice. I had the wild mushroom, spinach and Gruyere quiche which was silky perfection on a flaky crust. My hubby had to go for the duck confit hash, and he was a very happy man. But the real winner was our 5 year old daughter who ordered the Bourbon and orange French toast. As soon as it arrived at the table, the vanilla and maple aroma made our mouths water. It was such buttery, airy goodness, we were praying she wouldn't finish it! Will definitely be returning soon...
We had dinner here once, but will return! Great wine and cheese selection. Dinner was great!
The jalapeno margarita was unbelievable.  The perfect hint of heat.  A dozen Blue Point oysters were the perfect starter.  This is one of the only restaurants in Jacksonville we have been able to find Blue Points.  Nothing compares.  We then ordered the scallop dish to share.  About 30 minutes went by before we realized something was wrong.  Everyone else at the bar had food.  We didn't.  We asked the bartendar if our food would be out soon.  His jaw dropped.  You can tell they don't just forget to put orders in here.  He advised the chef of the mistake.  The chef sent out a small bite of the steak tartare and salmon tartare.  They were both delicious.  The staff was very apologetic and made up for the mistake.  Next time we hope to give a 5 star rating.  We will most certainly be back!
Good food, great wine and Outstanding service.  We  will definitely be returning.
My wife and I have enjoyed this restaurant on numerous occasions. We have eaten in spots all over Jax in nice restaurants and always end up saying -it may be good but not as good as Orsay. Two key reasons, the best service and tastiest food. Add to that the creative and delicious cocktails. Don't expect food and beverage to hit your table immediately, it's not fast food. Lastly, we really enjoy taking a bottle of our own wine that we want to drink with a special meal; the corkage fee is not much and no one turns up their nose about it.
I was so excited to try this place based upon the fabulous reviews.  Unfortunately, the service was disappointing and the food, while tasty was too salty.  Upon entering the restaurant we were seated for brunch after a brief wait, which was great.  But, here's where the service broke down. Our waiter never came back to take our order and we had to flag down one of the hosts to get things cooking...literally.  Meanwhile, a table that came after us ordered before us and their table also received the house bread, while we waited hungry.  Finally, the food came.  We got the quiche with bacon, gruyere and mushroom as well as the croque madam with pulled pork and aioli.  Both came with greens.  We also grabbed a side of black truffle mac and cheese, which was good.  I expected absolutely delicious food and excellent service.  While our overall brunch experience was decent, it certainly was not exceptional.
Took friends there for dinner. The onion soup was thick and tangy -- great. I had snapper and grits. Every dish served was exceptional. Wait staff was friendly and helpful.  Very nice overall experience.
A few nights ago we went to have an anniversary celebration.  The bottom  line is make a reservation and expect a full dinning experience.  We had Brian as our server and he provided a complimentary champagne toast.  We split the Beet Spanish Goat Cheese salad....outstanding.  Next came three oysters from west coast near Vancouver with crushed ice nest.  Brian helped with wine selection of JJ Prum 3 of 10 on sweet scale The price at 110 is more than we and most others would consider.  Can you really put a price good wine?   NO   Typically we would only spend around 50 for a bottle but this selection was totally worth it.  Orsay has some of the best cocktails around and now for the food.  For Main's my wife had the Fillet and I had the Duck Risotto with Truffles bother were amazing as always Orsay delivers.    This is a great place for Sunday Brunch with lower prices same HIGH QUALITY FOOD and SPIRITS.
We enjoyed our meals, the atmosphere and the service during our recent visit to Restaurant Orsay.  The escargot and cheese tray were outstanding. The spinach (with apples, blue cheese, spiced pecans, and bacon) salad  was also tops.  The trout entree was flavorful and I would order it again. We would not order the lobster pot pie again as the sauce had a unique flavor that overshadowed the lobster. Definitely one of Jacksonville's best restaurants!
We've lived near Jacksonville now for 6 years. /Though we have yet to visit many well-known restaurants, I find it hard to believe that any spot could top the food and overall experience that my wife and I, with another couple, enjoyed last night. EVERY dish, appetizers through desert, was simply first rate. All four of us come from New York and have travelled widely. It's great to be able to have such an accomplished team available to us in /Jacksonville. comfortable, informal, unpretentious yet professional. Reasonably priced. I will go back regularly, as there are so many dishes I want to try.
Amazing! Delicious pates, oysters, lobster pot pie, lamb ragout, and the drinking chocolate is to-die-for.
We came here for our Anniversary and loved the food so much we've invented occasions to come back.  This is by far the best restaurant I've eaten at in Jacksonville and possibly the best meal I've ever had.  We were our servers very first customers and we couldn't tell. He was well versed on the menu and made great recommendations.  The scallops were so delicious we ordered more and still drool at the thought of how they melted in our mouths.  We ordered our food and wondered if we made the right choices after we saw the incredible food those around us ordered.  Everything that came out of the kitchen looked and smelled amazing!  We weren't disappointed with our choices. I ordered the Bouillabaisse and my husband ate Ragout of Grove Farm's Lamb.   The food makes you close yours eyes and savor every bite.  After dinner we ordered two different desserts.  I ordered the bread pudding and he ordered the creme brûlée!  They were both perfect!  So much so we didn't even want to share with each other at our Anniversary dinner.  This place is perfect!  We will be back!
I went here for cocktails and appetizers on a recent Friday night, and I was super excited for the addition of the Pisco Verde cocktail. I was a little apprehensive that it was made with egg white powder, but I thought that this is super conservative Jacksonville where people might not want to have a drink made with fresh egg whites. I see the reason for the prejudice, but egg whites make a truly great Pisco Sour!!! I also think Pisco is an underappreciated liquor, so it rarely makes it in restaurant/bar menus.  I took one sip of my Pisco Verde and I was disappointed! I've always hated powdered milk and this drink reminded me of powdered milk. I know this cocktail would be amazing if it was made with fresh egg whites! I've had pisco cocktails at Violet Hour and Death&Co. made with egg whites, and suffered no consequences other than a delicious drink.  If the egg whites still scare the bar tender than make a Pisco drink without them. I've made a delicious Pisco Punch without any type of egg whites. As Rudyard Kipling says, "(Pisco Punch is)...compounded of the shavings of cherub's wings, the glory of a tropical dawn, the red clouds of sunset and the fragments of lost epics by dead masters."  I still love Orsay, but don't use subpar ingredients with Pisco.
Ate thereSaturday night before the show. Danielle was awesome. Had roasted oysters, French onion soup, my husband had filet and I had Carolina trout, to end the night we had creme brûlée and an amazing cup of coffee. Danielle told us the coffee came from Bold Bean on Stockton Street and it is made locally.. I also had 2 French pear Martinis. Every course came on time and very hot. Well worth the drive. The atmosphere was perfect and very busy on a Saturday night.
Best restaurant I've been to in Jax...hands down.
I was disappointed and would not go back. The couple we went with fully enjoyed the place.  Not on my list of great places to go.
Best restaurant in Jax, hands down! Service, drinks, and food are all sublime.
Drinks, food, service. They have it all down to an art. It was wonderful. The happy hour menu was a nice surprise that made us order a couple more appetizers than we normally would have done. The Steak Tartare was divine!
this just might be my new favorite spot every thing was great,i have not one bad thing to say about ORSAY.... i loved it....bump orsay!...this is coming from some one that does crazy work at dinner!
First time dining at Restaurant Orsay tonight, and it was wonderful.  Plenty to choose from on the menu and fits most budgets.  Steak tartare was excellent, and then the Bouillabaisse was extemely flavorful, though not large was satisfying.  Pork Chop was huge and could have passed for a filet in taste.  Creamed Spinach was excellent as a side.  Desserts were enough to share and plenty of choices.  Once you find this restaurant, you will want to return, just as I do.
Wow! My wife and I love to eat and finding great places to eat is something we enjoy more then just about anything. This place is one of those type of places. A friend recommended this to us and I have to say I am so glad we ate here. The food and service is some of the best we have experienced in Jacksonville. I had the fillet while my bride had the grouper. Both were superb! I cannot write enough good things, just get to this place soon. You will not be disappointed.
**Yum** Jonny, thanks for opening a restaurant that Jacksonville can be proud of, and to the staff for always making it a pleasant experience for me and my family when I come home!   Fresh ingredients, great variety of flavors and range of prices....and the cocktails are always amazing (pear-jalepeno margarita please :)
Hands down one of the best restaurants, not only in Jacksonville, but one of the best at which I've ever dined.  The food, service, ambience, and drinks are all exceptional.  I'm fortunate to have a gem like Orsay in my neighborhood.
Delicious food, great vibes, wonderful service from door to table and everything in between
Great food! Went for happy hour and it was awesome and really great prices!
When first walking into Orsay's I thought "oh my," but happily we were escorted through the bar area to a nice dining room.  Our waitress Meghan was outstanding.  She was attentive but unobtrusive.  We were quite pleased with our choices for drinks, appetizers and entree.  The pear/jalapeno margarita was so different.  The steak tartare was amazing with a touch of horseradish!  Caesar salad was awesome.  Entrees of duck breast and steak frites were a reminder of meals we had in France--  nice presentations on both with delightful flavors to savor. The side of mac and cheese was delicious but we should have listened to another reviewer who said it was filling and definitely not something to have with a meal.  By dessert time we were pretty full but had to try the homemade ice creams and strawberry shortcake.  They were good but probably won't try again.   On the whole, it was a delightful evening and one which we will repeat soon.
Take a nice table outside in the fresh air, settle down, order some cocktails and get ready for a great meal with impeccable service!   Our server was as total sweetheart and never missed a beat.  My cousin took me here for Sunday Brunch & as a belated birthday gift.   We thoroughly enjoyed our Mimosas and Bloody Marys.  And definitely order the Pimm's Cup.  It's quite refreshing and they make it perfectly.   For eats, we decided on the steak tartare, the $2 deviled egg offerings, their shrimp & grits and the duck hash.  Everything was brought out in perfect timing as we opted for a nice leisurely meal as we caught up on life.  Our server also brought out a warm basket of bread and butter as well as a complimentary plate of homemade pastries including delicious scones between our courses. Overall, Restaurant Orsay lives up to the hype and its undisputed ranking as one of the best restaurants in Jacksonville!  Pet friendly , outside smoking area, outside seating and patio with fans, great cocktails, impeccable friendly service, an extensive menu and creative flavorful food....5 STAR LOVE :)
I'm downgrading Orsay to 4 stars after going for happy hour recently. Most of the food and drink I've had there hasn't been things that I would repeat, so I can't give it a top rating. I still look forward to going back however. Notes on my happy hour experience: On a Wednesday evening the bar filled up, unlike my last visit, and it got a bit noisy for our party of three. I did get a T-Mobile signal this time. For more than two people I'd probably choose a table instead of the bar next time. I especially liked the look of the U-shaped sofa, which could fit a good-sized party. They also have some outside tables. Even nicer, they have a separate section outside with "lawn chairs." I'd really like to try that in the future. The sofa and lawn chairs look more suitable for drinks than food. Peeking at the front room again, it has white tablecloths but is still fairly simple for an upscale restaurant. There were no real hits among the food I tried this time. Mac and cheese and potato croquettes were pleasant. Of my two cocktails I preferred the blood orange martini and might get it again; the Calibri was pleasant. The bread was ordinary; the butter was warm and spreadable but not as salty as I like. We got a meat and cheese plate. I thought the amount of duck prosciutto was embarrassingly small and it was nothing special. My favorite of three cheeses we tried was probably the Brillat-Savarin (easily spreadable) followed by Maytag blue (excellent with honey, but crumbly so it's not so easy to eat); the petit Basque was pleasant too. I prefer their regular bread, for eating cheese, to the brittle toast they gave us with the meat and cheese. I forgot to try the petit fours this time (little desserts I liked last time). Overall, this experience was nothing special, but I'd still try Orsay again.
Another wonderful time at Orsay! We were up Park Street at the River City Pride Parade and couldn't resist the urge for appetizer's and cocktails until we got over to our side of town. Traffic cleared up and streets were unblocked and we were on our way. Both parking lots, Orsay's and the one next door, were pretty full but we were able to find a spot. We knew it would be busy when we saw people sitting at the outside tables. Inside was hopping for dinner. We were hoping to get a table in our favorite waiter's section but there was no tables left at the time, only seats at the bar. We were fine with that since we weren't having a full dinner. The bar area was very clean and the bartenders were very attentive. My friend and both ordered French Pear Martinis, a restaurant favorite apparently. This drink is delish and goes well with anything. We ordered a few apps: oysters, mussels, steak tartare, and marinated calamari. I hadn't had oysters in a long time so I kinda forgotten what they tasted like. At the very first bite, it all came back to me. I LOVE oysters! These oysters tasted like they just came out of the ocean. They were so fresh and ocean-salty, I almost wanted to order more. The steak tartare was good but different. It didn't occur to me that it was raw beef when my friend ordered it and I agreed I would share it with her. I ate it anyway because Orsay can do no wrong in my eyes. Everything mixed in with with made it delicious. The mussels are good as well. The broth that the were cooked in made for a good dipping sauce  for our complimentary bread. The marinated calamari was fantastic! I always get this when I come here. This has to be the best calamari in Jacksonville. We initially didn't want dessert but let's be honest, it's Orsay! I got the Blueberries and cream and it was soooo creamy and decadent. My friend had the Banana Bread Pudding and she loved it. I had a taste of it and I was very good. It was still busy when we left so we didn't get a chance to say bye to our favorite waiter, but we knew he'd see us again.
We started at the bar. Bar tenders are extremely knowledgeable and appetizers were very unique. The main courses were delicious. Excellent atmosphere. The only negative was our server. He was very unpleasant, but I doubt that is a reflection of the entire staff.
Definitely my favorite restaurant in Jacksonville.  Everything from the food to the service is just impeccable.  Ask for Daniel and don't forget to try it for brunch!  The lobster mac and cheese is to die for!!
Menu prices could be pricey, for some items.  Omelet with side spring salad was 10-13 depending on what you got.  I had spinach and tomato while hubby had mushroom with a type of swiss cheese.  Both were delish and his mushrooms were the best I have ever tasted in an omelet.  Coffee was really good too.  A great meal and service.....well worth a visit.
A really intimate Parisian style restaurant with great French Cuisine. When I dine in Paris I typically eat like a Parisian, wine, bread and cheese with creamy sauces. This restaurant offers both, a taste of Paris but without the high cost in Jacksonville. I dinned at Orsay last Summer before signing up for Yelp so unfortunately don't have pics.
PERFECT date night restaurant. My boyfriend took me here on Valentine's Day.. I was VERY impressed by what he chose!! The food was exquisite.. absolutely perfect.. small portions but I got so full by the end of the meal. The duck was moist, tender and delicious!!! For apps we ordered the calamari.. when it came out I was shocked to see it was not fried.. in all the restaurants I have been to it is usually fried and heavy.. this one however was fresh and not fried.. this is how my family and I always prepare our squid! We were savoring the calamari and ate it slowly.. the server didn't know and thought we were finished and took it away before we could stop her!!!! :( UGH!!!! Till this day I can't stop thinking about the calamari...
Always hit or miss here.  What I wish, is that the chefs would respect the patrons.  If the cook on a protein is off, please don't reheat a component and send it to me over.  Don't  precook your poached eggs so the cook is inconsistent.  You end up with a great shape, however the inside is Frankenstein.  Runny in parts, over in the rest.
I went to Restaurant Orsay on a Saturday night to celebrate the birthday of my brother's girlfriend. It was my first time in Avondale and first time at Orsay. Overall, I found the food to be phenomenal, the ambience chic and upscale, and the wait staff friendly and helpful. We ordered a cheese and charcuterie plate to start (the Berkshire pork rillettes, if I recall correctly). The appetizer arrived swiftly to our delight. The cheeses were all very different, but each held their own. The plate came with a side of sour cherry marmalade and warm honey for dipping, and a side of toasted baguette slices (we wound up using the bread to dip because the toasted slices crumbled so easily under the weight of the cheese). The plating and taste were both exceptional. Each of us ordered a separate entree- Carolina trout, beef stroganoff, and lobster pot pie. I only ate the trout, so I'll comment primarily on my individual experience. Fish can be hit or miss depending on the restaurant. An avid fan of trout stemming from summers spent trout fishing along the Tallulah River in Georgia, I was excited to try a more sophisticated version of the trout of my idyllic youth. What was placed before me was a stunningly flavorful fish, seasoned well without being overbearing and treading water in lemon brown butter vinaigrette, a fantastic and surprisingly light sauce. My only complaint would be that there were maybe three fingerling potatoes hiding beneath the forest of haricots verts and dusting of Marcona almonds. Still, it may have been the best trout I have ever eaten. While I did not partake in the beef or lobster dishes, judging by the reactions of my brother and his lady fair, they were also incredible. The waiter surprised my brother's girlfriend with a broad ramekin of crème brûlée in honor of her day of birth. The dessert came with three spoons, so each of us could sample it. I found the custard not excessively sweet and only a little firmer than I prefer. Regardless, it was gratis and a nice gesture on behalf of the restaurant. To conclude, while the prices are quite high and the portions quite small, Orsay is an establishment which privileges quality over quantity. If you are looking for high end new American cuisine in Jacksonville, Restaurant Orsay is a solid option.
Orsay....wow...everything was superb, service, food, ambiance,  etc. I went to Orsay to celebrate my birthday this past Tuesday. Don't forget to make reservations because the place was busy for a Tuesday! I ordered steamed calamari first. It was good, but probably had extra pepper or something similar to it. 8/10. With less pepper, 9/10. Then I had the most delicious thing I have had in my life, Beef Stroganoff.  Wow! The beef was tasty, tender, simply delicious.  By just smelling this dish prior to first bite, one could how great was going to be...wow again. This dish has pasta in it. I believe that they also made the pasta in house, because it tasted great as well. I could say that the ingredients use in this pasta were first class. In summary, Beef Stroganoff was absolutely splendid. I like to think how great it was often. Plenty of spices,  and first quality ingredients
Ohh very fancy! lol French food, beautiful restaurant, great food, the drinks are different and delish.  Very impressed!
This place was great. Service was excellent. Beware of the Caesar salad, it's pretty fishy. Was warned by server, but this was strong. Outside of that, the meal was great, drinks were great and dessert was great. Did I mention great? lol Recently moved to the area and was recommended this place and it did not disappoint. Will return as much as possible.
Great atmosphere with food to match. Best French fries in Jacksonville - by far. Not sure exactly what they fry these things in, but they are as good as any I have had anywhere. Everything else I have had on the menu has been great - never disappointed. I like to sit at the bar in the back. They have a great Dark and Stormy and a good happy hour which includes some appetizers.
Short review: Orsay is a great dining spot with food that lives up to the price point. For those interested in a more elaborate review: This is one of my three favorite places in all of Jacksonville to eat, but it's my favorite fine dining place on the "must eat at" list for guests visiting from out of town. Dress attire is not required, but some people feel more comfortable a little more dressed up for dinner service in the dining room. *The dining "lounge" is considered a little more dress casual, but being Florida born and bred, I frequent both in shorts and a Tshirt, lol! In general every item on the menu is masterfully planned and constructed, but the seafood is exceptional, and they have HANDS DOWN the best pork chop I have ever had! Also, this is the only place in Jacksonville FL that I have escargot or steak tartar (*both of which are exceptional examples of the dishes). The cocktails are top shelf and top price, but they are top quality and worth every penny. *Whether it's a new friend, a girlfriend, or your wife, for a date night it rates high on the "impress your date" factor.
Doing another review for what remains my favorite restaurant in Jax.  Never disappoints.  Excellent attention to detail.  Superb flavors.  The Orsay Burger (with a slice 'o fat fois gras on it) is decadent and just "wow."  Try the happy hour 4-7 if you can get there early enough.  Oysters, fois gras, even a humble pork chop ... all worth the trip (and not too far out of the way).
Took my fiancee here for her birthday. Service was excellent, decor was classy, food was amazing. I'd highly recommend this place if you're going out for an intimate dinner. Don't need to dress up super nice, but try to look good. Btw definitely get the Mac and cheese side dish. You won't regret it.
Absolutely delicious food, lots to choose from. I've been for dinner, casual happy hours, and brunch. Each time I've loved everything that I ate and drank. The service is great, and the atmosphere is unique for Jacksonville. Try to keep this place upscale, I see some people in t-shirts and shorts and I like to have at least one fancier restaurant in Jacksonville for a date night. I recommend the mussels, the steak tartar, and for brunch I recommend the benedict.
Great food. Great cocktails. Great atmosphere. Orsay interprets classic French dishes with a southern accent, and the results speak to me. Familiar flavors are amplified with the guidance of French traditions. They can be heavy handed on the cream, but I chalk this up as the best execution of French techniques in Jacksonville. They would benefit from expanding their local focus. While their purveyance is respectable, there is room for creatively expressing local and seasonal resources. In other markets, a restaurant like Orsay would be challenged with cleverly weaving local flavors through the classic French recipes. This won't happen in Jacksonville. Orsay can thrive on disciplined craftsmanship in market starved for creativity and talent.
Definitely worth the 40 minute drive from Jax Beach! The staff was prompt, and polite. Everything we ordered was amazing: roasted oysters appetizer, filet and salmon entrees, and banana fosters macaroons for dessert. Perfect date night!
If you gave this place less than five stars, you must have had a bad night.  This is hands down the best dinning experience in Jacksonville.   The wait staff, bartenders, kitchen staff, ...everyone are amazing, and the food is incredible.  I have yet to have had a bad experience here.  The cocktails are off the hook.  Love it!!!
Ask for John Brown.  While the food is great here, especially the meatloaf, he is the finishing touch - a great waiter.
Yum! Orsay does not disappoint. My GF & I dined in for a little "Happy Hour" last week and it was a perfect affordable evening. We shared truffled mac & cheese, steak tartar and a cheese plate. After 3 blood orange martinis (so good) and a little dessert (melt in your mouth macaroons) we were happy and full. Our waiter James was awesome. So funny, kind and super attentive. Food and drinks came fast and our table was quickly cleaned the second we finished any of the dishes in front of us. If you want great service, delicious hand crafted drinks and yummy food, Orsay is your place. I would ask for James as well! :)
Great place.. I enjoyed my dinning experience!
***This review is for the bar only, as I have not eaten anything at Orsay yet.*** Orsay is a beautifully appointed space, with an upscale elegance that belies its outside environs. The staff are all polite and seem well-trained. The bartenders are ready to answer questions or discuss the drinks in detail, as long as they are not too busy. The cocktail list is really nice, with many creative choices available. The wine list is absolutely the best in town. No one else in Northeast Florida has a wine list that even remotely compares to Orsay, in my experience. Also, they have a Coravin, so that really makes me love them even more! I was there for Negroni week last week. I really love that Orsay participated in this event, as it gave me an opportunity to go in there and use the Riverside Night Trolley, all while donating to charity! I had a Blonde Negroni that was very light and refreshing. It also looked very pretty, since it was crystal clear in a simple glass. I will update my review once I actually eat something there, but I'm confident that my 5-star rating will probably not change, based on my wonderful experience there.
Great establishment!  Wow, where do I start?  We've only been in Jax for a few years & this is by far one of the best restaurants my family & I have been to. We've had tremendous overall experiences (service, ambiance, food, etc.) with each visit.
I enjoyed Restaurant Orsay as it welcomed us last night to a decadent feast in a mix of classic and nouvelle French servings. The warm evening soared with each note and taste as we shared our plates to survey the flavors. I am still thinking about that stunning  reduction sauce I tasted on the slices of beef, which was a more than a healthy portion cooked to an ordered perfection. Despite its minimalist/modern approach to dining decor, the service, the food, and the atmosphere came together for us at the direction of our server, David, who cast our dinner with smart suggestions on pairings from his experience. Nearly a thousand messages of pop! emanated from a unique Cremant de Loire and a superb premiere cru Champagne while our glasses delighted in being refilled so quickly. I look forward to returning to Orsay as its illustrative one page menu deserves more of my attention. For me, this is particularly true since its operatic wine list pays homage to my favorite style of wine, Pinot Noir and its luxurious cousins in Burgundy. In my opinion, Orsay worked wonders in the steps of service to me.
This place is outstanding. The food is amazing. The price point is fine for what you get. Every time me and my wife go they never disappoint. So why four stars? Well I have one qualm. The food can be a little greasy and it can be a little off putting. The food is great what the chef does is amazing I just feel like some times a dish is a little greasy. Aside from that this place is a must in Jacksonville. It is consistent and it is not like a lot of places in Jax overpriced and of low quality. The price is right where it should be for the food.
We are fairly new to Jacksonville and went looking for a spot for our 5th anniversary dinner. After looking on Yelp and reading the awesome reviews for this place, we decided to make reservations for a Friday night. We showed up a few minutes early for our reservation and we were quickly seated, sometimes even with a reservation you have to wait awhile, so this was really nice! Our waiter came over and promptly took our drink orders while we looked over the menu. I'm one of those people who scans menus online before picking a restaurant, and was very excited to see a meat and cheese plate on the menu in person, because it wasn't stated online. We had the prosciutto and a few cheeses. The cheese was served with bread crisps, honey and nuts. It was delicious! For appetizers I chose the soup of the day, a gazpacho and my boyfriend had the steamed calamari. The gazpacho was slightly chilled, a beautiful orange, acidic and delicious! But the star of the appetizers was my boyfriends calamari, the calamari was stewed with tomatoes, olives and a sauce only described as heavenly. I'm surprised he let me try as much of the appetizer as I did because he wouldn't put it down! For the entree I got the Carolina trout while my boyfriend had the Bouillabaisse Once again the entrees were fabulous. The fish was perfectly cooked with a good helping of haricot vert and marcona almonds. There were not a lot of potatoes, I'm not a huge fan of potatoes so this wasn't an issue for me. His entree was also very good, a good variety of seafood! Even though we were beyond stuffed, we decided to try the dessert. We got the banana bread pudding. I'm so glad we did! It was so good, a surprise to find the bread pudding topped with actual bananas! Seriously an awesome end to our night. I can't recommend this place enough to coworkers, I'm so thankful we found a great date night restaurant to go to!
One of the best restaurants, period! The food and cocktails are exquisite and the service is always outstanding. Perfect for cocktails and appetizers with a group, an intimate dinner with your significant other and everything in between. We always leave Orsay thinking about when we'll return!
This review is long over due. Came here for my birthday. I love trying new foods and this was just perfect to try. Can we say amazing!?! Seriously can't wait to go back. I've heard brunch here is amazing as well so I definitely need to check that out soon. Let's talk about the customer service now....don't remember the gentleman's name but he was great! Very knowledgeable and I just loved that he was very attentive.   Great food, great customer service and great ambiance.  Loved this place.
I learned about Restaurant Orsay several years ago while stuffing myself some of the best sushi ever. I was talking with the owner of Sushi Pop in Oviedo Fl.  and told him I was visiting and lived in Jax. Thats when I learned about Orsay.  As soon as I returned, I was there and have been a regular ever since.   I thought finally a restaurant in Jacksonville that will shake up the true foodies of the city.  Well it's only gotten better.  Yesterday was my first brunch experience but will not be my last.  Starter; French Pear Martini, or two.  Let's get to the food;  Three dollar Deviled Eggs perfect presentation tasty yolk and just the perfect tip of crisp asparagus.   I am not a fan of truffle oil but the acid cut the usual chemical taste I always experience.  Next I moved to the Lobster Mac & Cheese  now I have tried this on every menu I seen here in town and make my own but this was a beautiful dish full of bite sized pieces of lobster and a sweet combination of Parmesan Reggiano & Gruyere.  I ordered the small portion but by the time my companions tasted it there was nearly not enough left.  Lesson:  never share!  Next the Duck Confit Hash.  I have only had Duck Confit in France but the moment I put the meat in my mouth the memories came flooding back. The fingering potatoes were browned to perfection and succulent with the duck fat.   OMG did I say Duck Fat.  I had to order another Martini to quell the rush..  Well realizing   I am already into Augusts calories I should go ahead and have desert;  Chocolate Guinness Mousse Cake..  Marvelous presentation the mousse had just the correct amount of tart/sweet, light and airy combined with the slight  tartness of the cherries made this a perfect choice. I have to also give Daniel 5 Stars.  He was so attentive,  funny, knowledgeable about the menu.  I can't rember a time when there has been better servive.  Thank you Daniel!!!!
So Reservations were made a month ago by my love muffin for our Valentine's Day dinner. Excitement filled me with anticipation in trying this place out due to the awesome reviews it gotten from my other Elite Yelpers... When we got there ... Woah - it was fully packed at 8pm. We checked in and let us know the reservation is for 8:15pm and to wait at the waiting area. We went to the bar and ordered cocktails while we wait. I had the pear martini & Mr. Excitement ordered the East bound and down. Both drinks were fantastic! I looked around the restaurant and it seems all the men were drinking the East Bound and down must be that good and Mr. excitement let me know it is. For appetizers - we ordered the escargots. While we wait bread and butter came to out table. The escargots was divine! It was in heavenly butter & mushrooms. For dinner - I ordered the Beef Wellington and Mr. Excitement ordered the fillet mignon. I don't know why we waited for over an hour for our meal maybe bcuz it was a busy night and our server was too busy to see if we needed anything else; however, when we had our first bite we forgot and forgive! LoL dinner was outstanding!
Stunning, amazing, awesome. Hands down some of the best food in Jax.
By far the BEST local restaurant I've gone to in a very very long time,, I had the pleasure of attending with many fellow Yelp members UYE hosted by none other than Nate. Our server was an outstanding addition to the food we partook in Starting with the Grand Mimosa, a combination so cold it will make your heart melt. I personally ordered the mussels for my entree, they put red lobster to shame. The broth specially made to order you could literally put in a cup and drink it was so delicious. I had the opportunity to appetize on an Omlette stuffed with 3 types of mushroom and bacon, I want to put in words how delicious it was but there was none comparable, it's definitely worth a visit to try everything this restaurant has to offer, but plan to spend a few bucks while you're at it. 5/5 hands down
Located in a deserted and run down building with plywood nailed over windows, very creepy.  We sat in the bar area located in a back room that is in desperate need of updating. The decor is weird, outdated and confusing. The bartender was very attentive to us and drinks were just ok, very expensive.  I was not impressed with the apps we ordered at all. The crowd was an older mix of locals and not what I expected.  The reviews for this place seem manufactured and don't match what exists in reality.
My favorite restaurant (so far) in Jax. I am a french food junkie and in this city you will not find too many french eateries. My only complaint is its so far away from me. Ive loved every plate I have ever tried here. We have taken many a friends here for special occasions as well and everyone always raves about the food and ambiance. If you can save room for dessert. The cheeses are always specially selected and always great. I only wish Jax would get more places like this. It can get real loud sometimes but as my mom says , " they are really enjoying themselves and the food". So ENJOY!
What I have to say about Orsay. I'm first going to talk about price. So of you reading this and looking for something cheap this place is far from that. Between my wife and I ,we spent $139. That's for 2 entrees, appetizer, 2 drinks , and dessert. For the appetizer we had the mussels in wine sauce which is very comparable to the ones they serve at Carabbas. For our entrees my wife had the sea-bass on grits which was very tasty and looked awesome. I had the super massive pork chop, it was about 2 inches thick. Then for dessert we had the creme brûlée which is pretty much the same anywhere you get it ,nothing spectacular. Service was definitely a plus, very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. My other complaint besides the really high prices are the seating arrangements, you are practically rubbing elbows with the person at the next table.
So it is finally time for me to write my review for Orsay! I've had the pleasure of dining with them several times, for brunch and dinner... and I must say, brunch has been my favorite so far. I love the deviled egg selection... you have one, two three and ten dollar options and while they are all fantastic.... I dream about the 10 dollar ones... It's filled with the most delicious, buttery yolk filling, with a kick of ground mustard... and not only do you get caviar on top... but a glass of champagne to compliment all of the outstanding flavors! The butter-grilled brioche adds a nice overall balance.  I take teeny tiny bites, as to enjoy it as long as possible! Seriously, 5 stars, HIGHLY recommend. I'm also a fan of the eggs a la orsay: English muffin, poached eggs, prosciutto, arugula, truffled Hollandaise, black truffles, pommes Lyonnaise... an amazing combination of almost everything I love, in one dish. When you break open the egg, and it drizzles it's liquid-chickeny goodness over the prosciutto, it's a bite size heaven. Add the peppery arugula and Hollandaise.... for lack of a better word.... YUM!! Don't forget about their amazing cocktails either! The bloody Mary and pear jalapeno margarita are my two favorites so far, but there are so many more to try. And I can't wait to do so!
This was my first visit, but not my last. I travel throughout the Southeast on business and always try to find unique local restaurants. Orsay is a truly enjoyable find in the Jacksonville area. After reading some reviews on Yelp I decides to give it a shot. I usually end up eating at the bar, which I did here. Don't let the multiple $$ signs scare you away. I was able to have a cocktail, appetizer and meal for under $40 including the tip. If your not up for a special dinner or entertaining, I suggest the Happy Hour Menu.
This was my first visit, but not my last. I travel throughout the Southeast on business and always try to find unique local restaurants. Orsay is a truly enjoyable find in the Jacksonville area. After reading some reviews on Yelp I decides to give it a shot. I usually end up eating at the bar, which I did here. Don't let the multiple $$ signs scare you away. I was able to have a cocktail, appetizer and meal for under $40 including the tip. If your not up for a special dinner or entertaining, I suggest the Happy Hour Menu.
Since I moved to Jacksonville from NY, Restaurant Orsay has stood alone as the best dining experience in the South! Whether you're in a steak and frites or mussels in white wine mood, your satisfaction is imminent here. The staff at Orsay are all first class, and the atmosphere is peaceful. This is a very special place where you can leave the stress of the world at the door and thoroughly enjoy yourself, no matter what kind of day you've had. Fellas, if there is someone in your life that you wish to impress, plan on spending over $100 on dinner for two and come here. You won't regret it!
Excellent choice in JAX. Great farm to table menu with fine service and cool vibe. Great seafood and awesome desserts. Culinary tastiness.
A visit to Orsay is a wonderful dinning experience! The food is always amazing and the service exceptional! We have never been disappointed! From the Steak Frites, to the seafood, everything that comes out of the kitchen is fantastic! I took my sister from Seattle there a couple of years ago, and she still talks about that meal, and she's a foodie in SEATTLE. Now when she come she always calls ahead and reserves a table for dinner a couple of times while here, and last time they flew out ( there was no family event/function), I'm pretty sure it was because she was craving the duck confit hash with fingerling potatoes and the French pear martini!
I love this restaurant. Their happy hour is definitely a must-go. It offers a fine dining experience and atmosphere, but at a discounted price. The drinks prices are cheaper and they offer happy hour appetizers. The french fries here are to die for. So crispy and they come with a garlic aioli to dip. I would have to say the best meal here is probably the steak frites. Not something I would typically order, I used my birthday as an excuse to splurge on the money and calories. It was divine. The crunchy fries and the steak is juicy and flavorful. Other great appetizers include the oysters, mac and cheese, and the cheese plate. If you live in Jacksonville, this is definitely a must-try. If you live at the beaches, it's worth crossing the ditch! They use local ingredients too! It is a great place for a special occasion or just to hang out at the bar. The cocktails are innovative and the bartenders definitely know their stuff. My only comment would be that if you are there for a special occasion, pay mind to where you ask to sit. On my birthday, we were sat in the bar area at a small table, and the bar gets very crowded.
I highly recommend their happy hour offer- fine dining in a budget and a casual way! Half price appetizer so I got the chance to try many dishes- great for solo travelers. Love the bouillabaisse, but the highlight of my meal was the dessert- lemon chiboust with raspberry frozen yogurt and pistachio financier cake. It sounds like the best things in the world all in one dessert! The menu is seasonal so I'm afraid it's not on the current menu. Well I wish they can bring this back in the future, because this is the best dessert I've had in 2013. The restaurant is located in the quiet, old Avondale neighborhood. I ate at the patio and it was very quiet and beautiful. It seems that the scene inside the restaurant is more vibrant. Up to you!
First off, the atmosphere--its very trendy in an interesting sort of way.  I really liked it! I had the cheese plate to start off with.  I told them to pick any 5 off the list and they did a great job!  They went really well with my Riesling!  My hubby had the Orsay salad which he enjoyed and my mom had Hudson Valley Foie Gras.  It was my first taste of foie gras and I have to say that I really enjoyed it! For entrees, I had steamed oyesters (yum!) and Pommes Frites.  The actual fries were okay--a little overdone for my taste but they were served with a garlic aioli that I really liked.  My mom and brother had the Steak Frites.  They ordered the steak medium rare and it was definitely on the rare side.  But that's how we like it so it was absolutely perfect!  My dad had the Pan seared fish which was good and the hubby had the Beef Stroganoff.  He also had the Truffle Mac & Cheese. For dessert I had the vanilla bean crème brulee.  It was okay, but something was a little off.  Hubby got the chocolate cremeux just so I could taste the popcorn ice cream (which really tasted like popcorn!)   My parents split the chocolate espresso torte.   The one thing we weren't so fond of was the martini.  My dad is a big martini drink (grey goose with blue cheese stuffed olives).  The martini came out in a champagne glass (not flute) and was watery.  So he only ordered one.  Then when the bill came, it was a $16.50 martini!!  Not happy about that price especially not for the quallity! But overall, we had an enjoyable evening.
Fantastic food, friendly staff but can be a bit slow when they are very busy. That is actually rather nice--who wants to rush through a nice meal! I would definitely recommend Orsay for any special occasion or just because. try the mussels for an appetizer and any seafood dish for your main course. You won't be sorry!
Good, not great Foie gros wasn't as flavorful as I have had in other places.  Not sure if it was a little old, or the supplier ... The bread it was on was just as strong as the liver itself.  Disappointing. Didn't have the vintage of wine listed on the menu, so waiter subbed for a different year ... Told is it would be just as good as the wine I ordered.  Wasn't nearly as good .... Bad recommendation.   The meatloaf and green beans for main course are the only thing saving the rating.  I think the meatloaf had a mixture of meats (including chicken liver).  Outstanding ... Green beans were in a heavy cream / cheese sauce.   Fantastic ... Made the wine taste better.
Orsay hands down holds the number one spot on my favorite lists of restaurants in Jacksonville. I've been to many restaurants around town, and by far Orsay serves the best of the best! Previously mentioned in my first review, the atmosphere of the restaurant itself is great. It has the modern and rustic feel to it, which is something I really like! A lot of people when you mention the name Orsay they immediately think, "only snobs eat there!" Well my friend, that is not the case! I've seen many different types of people that come to this restaurant! They range from snobbish, not so snobbish, and plain down to earth tree hugging type of person. From the hostess, servers, and bartenders, everyone here are very friendly, outgoing, and will give you good recommendations as to what to drink or order for your meal. I have tried almost every item they have on their menu, and trust me they are all great! Orsay gets a lot of their supplies from locally owned farms, and they make sure that they are all great quality before serving them at the restaurant. The following items are items that I highly recommend when dining at the restaurant: Appetizer: ESCARGOTS Mushrooms, lemon, garlic, butter STEAK TARTARE Capers, red onion, mustard oil ONION SOUP Crispy baguette, broiled Gruyere Entree: PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND MUSSELS FRITES White wine, garlic, butter, thyme, house-made pommes frites BLACK HOG FARM CHICKEN "COQ AU VIN" Pan seared breast, leg & thigh confit, fingerling potatoes, carrots, mushrooms, leeks, Eden Farms bacon, red wine jus STEAK FRITES Seared hanger steak, red wine jus, house-made pommes frites Overall, Orsay is a great restaurant! If you want to have a great dinner with friends, or simply a nice date night, I highly recommend Restaurant Orsay!
Phenomenal place.   Probably the best date restaurant in Jacksonville.   Great food,  comfy atmosphere. The servers were amazing.  They tended the table without any issues.   It never felt like they were hovering, but anytime we had a question or need a refill or anything,  they were there immediately,  without asking.  They were polite and nice and made us feel very welcome without having an air of stuffiness. While the service was great,  the food was even better.  The escargot appetizer was perfectly done and served in shells for a great look.    Then the duck was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth. A great place and well worth every penny
We did a late valentine's dinner with some friends and decided to check out Restaurant Orsay.  We luckily were able to make reservations for 9:45.  The restaurant was still busy when we arrived but we were seated fairly quickly.  Our server was David who was great.  Very quick, informative and was able to give us great suggestions for meals.   Appetizer - Oysters with bacon.  The bacon is the best bacon I think I have ever had.  Seriously amazing. We also got an order of the pate which was made of duck liver.  It was my first time trying pate but I fell in love. It had such a great flavor. Dinner - Pork chop.  Well seasoned and massive pork chop serving.  It was served with some potatoes and cabbage that had some of that wonderful bacon on it.   Dessert - Smores.  Awesome - must have.  Great ending to a an overall great dinner.
We enjoyed our Sunday brunch very much. The drinks and service were great. Too bad the deviled eggs ran out :( Steak and eggs was too salty so does the eggs a la Orsay. Hopefully next time will be able to explore the rest of the menu.
Five stars are not given out often. Orsay deserves 5 stars. Have been at least two dozen times and have never had a bad experience. The cocktails are outstanding, the happy hour is unbeatable and the menu and attention to detail are unparalleled. This is a destination restaurant -- if I lived across town I'd eagerly drive to Orsay to meet friends or co-workers, have a double date or celebrate a special occasion. The ambiance is perfection: hip but not pretentious, laid back without being too casual, dimly lit but not too dark and professional, friendly staff. (and great music wafting through the air) Favorites: the escargot (my favorite in town), steak frites (a must), the happy hour oysters, homemade ice creams, the Calibi cocktail, hericot verts salad and perhaps most importantly the truffle cavitappi mac ' n cheese (served in a mini cast iron pot). Mmm, order one of each!
One of the best restaurants in Jacksonville. Never been disappointed. The food and service are fabulous!!! My son is 20 and I drag him around with me to try all the new places in Jax. Orsay is his favorite hands down.
Awesome.
This is the currently the best restaurant in Jax.  Matthews isn't as good as it used to be, and Orsay filled the gap.  Outstanding food and drinks. Get the scallop tartar, really; it's awesome.
Amazingly delicious! I had a pretty rough day at work last night. When I got home, my boyfriend had clothes laid out and told me we were going to a restaurant we've never been too. It happened to be Orsay. We had a 7:15p reservation and arrived 10 minutes early. We were greeted and promptly seated in the main dining room. The bar room (when you first walk in) was very lively and "fun" looking. The main dining room was much quieter and had a very sophisticated ambiance. I ordered the French Mistake cocktail and my boyfriend ordered the Eastbound and Down (waiter said it was the most popular drink). Both were amazing! For dinner I had the pork chop with braised cabbage and fingerling potatoes and he had the duck breast. My pork chop was cooked medium and was unbelievably PERFECT! The cabbage had delicious chunks of bacon in it and had a bit of a tangy note to them. The potatoes were very tasty and had a salty crunch. My boyfriend had the duck and all he could say was "wow!" I've never had duck before and I have to say, it was the best duck I've ever had! It was creamy and tender and just delicious. For dessert he had the ice cream trio. It consisted of rocky road, cookies and cream, one kind of vanilla ice cream with what tasted like "whopper" candies. I had the chocolate brownie/lava cake (I can't remember the name of the dessert to save my life, sorry). It was covered in caramel and topped with whipped cream and coarse sea salt. Dinner was fabulous and we definitely look forward to returning!
Love the food and service here.  We had the brunch here, but tried a lot of the dinner/lunch stuff too.  The drinks are good and food delish.  I would definitely return on my next trip to JAX.  Definitely try the deviled eggs, especially the out of ordinary combinations.  The meatloaf and beef stroganoff is great as well. This will definitely become a regular spot.
So these guys have food that is good/fancy enough that they could be snooty and awful about it, but there is literally no stank face going on here. Just a bunch of friendly, helpful folks serving up delicious things without pretension, fiercely protecting your overall experience like they are your Secret Service (seriously - they all communicate with ear pieces like "Guy in black shirt is approaching the bar, looks like he is getting low on his bourbon cocktail.") They handle special and often late requests like champs. I have never seen a restaurant be consistently so easy to work with your stupid bullshit. Happy hour (until 7pm) and Sunday brunch (which goes well into dinner hours) are a must if you want to eat/drink like you are rich but aren't really. The drinks are great but I'm not tying one on for the night at $12 a pop - I WILL however down the $6 happy hour ones until I'm walking sideways. And they don't seem to judge me when I order multiple drinks for myself! I recently did a birthday happy hour with 12 people in their private-ish room and they were waiting on us hand and foot, and did everything perfectly. Seriously a good spot to start your night, birthday or not. For brunch, the duck confit hash is maybe the most delicious breakfast in town. This place is world class, kind of cool, great service. Best "fine dining" in Jacksonville.
We've been to Orsay a half dozen times and, simply put, our meal has been fantastic every time. The service is great and all always very friendly. The servers are always willing to offer menu suggestions, although we do tend to stick to our favorite dishes. The filet is fantastic and even the hanger steak is one of the best I've ever had. While much of the menu is consistent year-around, they also rotate changes throughout the seasons, particularly the deserts. Definitely one of the best restaurants in the Jacksonville area.
We finally made it here for dinner!!  First of all, their cocktail list is amazing - I had to try a couple of them!! It didn't feel like an uptight, stuffy 5-star restaurant but it tasted like one!!  We had a nice cheese plate to start and our waiter helped us choose some delish cheeses.  I had the fillet for my meal and it was one of the best I have had.  I did have a somewhat limited selection for my meal because I don't eat seafood, that was probably my only bummer here.  My hubby had the Bouillabaisse and he loved it.  We were too full for dessert, but they looked awesome as well!  I highly recommend Orsay if you are looking for a nice night out or if you are trying to impress out of town guests!!
This restaurant has the best brunch in town.  I don't want to spoil it for you....JUST GO.  I hope you are reading this on a Sunday morning.
I have been to Orsay 4 times now. A couple of times for bunch and now twice for dinner. On this trip it was a 8 course tasting menu. Small bites of very well prepared and exquisitely presented food. From the starters of Gnocchi to the Smores everything was quite tasty. I have to say my favorite dish was the fish with anson mills grits and a blackened creamed corn was phenomenal. But, then the scallop tartare was pretty darn close. All in all a good meal but I did leave still hungry.
On a Monday night, with a reservation and hardly anyone else in the restaurant, we were seated at probably the worst table, against the wall near the kitchen. Our waiter had a terrible attitude, did not seem to like us, was annoyingly slow thru-out the evening.  Took over 15 min after ordering a nice brunello, which we had at the bar earlier.  I had to go find him to find out that was the last bottle.  Unfortunately the best alternative was $50 a bottle more. Service was slow all night, again it was not busy, but we waited 20-30 minutes for our food.  The menu is nice, the quality of food and wine were good, but service left a very bad taste.  We will not be back.  Spending over $500 for four should desire more sucking up.
It would have gotten 5 stars if it weren't so noisy. It's no fun struggling to hear the friends you came out to dinner with. o.k. That's all the bad news. Best meal that anyone in our party has had in Jacksonville in quite some time. We had cassoullet, pork chop, beef strog, and salmon. We all shared our dishes and it was an explosion of flavor extravaganza and by that I mean it was TASTY. Make a reservation or you'll probably wait.  Dress is casual. We went on a saturday night and I never saw a guy in a jacket or tie. Lot's of business casual. Service: We had Alexandria who rocked it.  Not pushy but was always there when she should have been. Knew the menu and got help when she needed some wine guidance. This is a $20-30 per plate place. I see the overpriced reviews and I think they are misplaced.  Go decide for yourself and I think you'll see the effort they are putting in to make each dish special. I hope to get to try their brunch in the not too distant future. We can't wait to go back.
We've been to Orsay on a few occasions and haven't been disappointed in the past. Since I just moved to Jacksonville permanently a couple weeks ago, I've been looking forward to becoming a regular there. Tonight was pretty disappointing though but given my restaurant background, I'll conclude it was an "off night". The hostess was personality-less and barely accommodating. We came in as a walk in for happy hour and she tried to seat us in the back where no one was. We asked to be moved to the bar and she moved us to the most unappealing table out of around 7 empty ones which was right under an air vent (I'm positive it's a hard table to seat normally). We didn't want to be a pain so we shivered through our time there and figured a drink or two would warm us up. She gave us every menu besides the one we came for (happy hour)... And I got up to ask her for it and she apologized somewhat sarcastically almost like she was hiding it from us. Had we not been there before, we would have relied on her to seat us in a good location disclosing all menus\specials, she failed. Our server was busy and didn't officially greet us until 10-12 min after being seated but someone else took our drink order and brought water. I'm intrigued by the headsets they wear, I think it's a good thing, to an extent but seems to distract them a bit. Our first drinks were good, love the glasses. Our cheese plate we ordered was not as expected, we ordered a triple cream and goat cheese came instead. We flagged down someone else to help with the cheese mishap since the server wasn't checking on us which became a trend for 70% of our visit and they insisted it was the correct cheese. Later, our server admitted to the menu error. They brought us a new cheese which was nice and so much better. I would have liked to see more unique cheeses. The Mac n cheese and onion/bacon tarte flambé were amazzzzzzing and made all the other issues worth it. We ordered drinks before our food was served and over 20 minutes later, and after I got up to mention to the hostess since the server was busy outside, it finally came. We practically chugged our drink since we had to go but luckily they comped a cocktail. Would have been nice to spot a manager at some point.
Went there Friday night for dessert, coffee, and Port after dinner with wife in the back room. Tawny Port was quite nice. Carrot cake (very different style) was tasty and light with mascarpone. Sat on a couch which is not comfortable unless you reposition seat backs. Sever was a nice young man who seemed eager to please, but not totally observant. Offered no napkin, asked food runner, waited, then asked or server to finally get them. Overall, it was fine , but just expected more from Orsay.
Orsay was fabulous, if a bit overpriced. That being said it is definitely THE nice place to dine in Jacksonville. Service was on par for any restaurant of this scale; Professional and mistake free. Interestingly enough I left the meal feeling like the staff was a little "cold." Could have just been me, but I have a feeling it wasn't. Definitely willing to give them another try. I can't tell you about every dish on the menu but what we did have was amazing! I had the filet mignon cooked medium rare and my girlfriend had a Gluten Free Shepards Pie. She was impressed that they even offered a gluten free pie. The steak was just the right amount of juicy and the sides were done very well! We left full! Can't wait to return to give the staff another try as well as to patronize a wonderful chef and his menu!
Fantastic meal.  I've been their twice this month, and both times were outstanding.  This last visit I enjoyed the mushroom bisque and the scallops served on be of risotto with arugula salad.  A scoop of vanilla ice cream with "nibs and caramel finished the night.   The first meal was equally awesome - Striped Bass  with skin on.  The outstanding part of this meal, though, had to be the wine.  A 2010 bottle of Celani (the blend - labeled "Tenacious")  I'm usually enjoy a full bodied Cab, but this was really awesome.
I left Orsay so pleased and delighted. My experience: Our server was Tony, very knowledgeable on everything on the menu. If you can't decide then he will help. I was going to go with the Carolina Trout but Tony noticed that I wasn't so sure and asked about what was the Pot Roasted Fish. It's the Fresh Fish in season so the fish does change and when it was during my visit, it was Red Snapper. I was instantly sold. Before I ordered my second course, we was picking and choosing through the happy hour menu which runs through 5-7, half off oyster and small plates. We order the calamari and there is two kinds, sautéed or marinated. Tony recommended sautéed cause we was dipping the bread in the white wine mussels, delish. All pictures below as well. The olives were ok but I wouldn't order again, that wasn't my style kind it has the pit in them. I'm used to just eating without it. That's my only eh. The calamari was supreme with its sauce. Then after the 1st course the red snapper came out. When i read the menu, grits. It's was not expected - it has a mash potato texture and look with bits of bacon and corn. it seems. Just amazing, speechless with every bite of my dish and sauce around the fish. I can't even complete all I've experienced or it would be a novel, this is a must place to eat and try out if you haven't. I will return, if you are looking a a quick grub. The happy hour drinks and small plates and choices would amaze you.
When it comes to the best.....This could be it. I was a big fan of Chew (when it was open downtown). But since they closed Orsay has been my favorite/go-to for great food and a comfortable, romantic, don't want to be rushed setting. I do like their cocktails. What is not to like about the food. Its some of the best in Jacksonville, plain and simple!!
Menu Choices: Amazing... let me say that again amazing french cuisine. For you healthy foodies, they also have a gluten-free menu which the Mrs. was very pumped about. Food: Drool-inducing. No really. After we had the escargots, we actually had them bring us an order of just the mushrooms in the lemon, garlic butter sauce. It appears we were the first to ever ask for that (maybe they will call it the K Word special... no? Oh.) The entrees didn't disappoint either my seared sea scallops were divine. Literally the whole night, the Mrs kept saying "Wow! Wow! Wow!" and she wasn't even talking about me for most of them. *POW* Service: From the host to the bartender to the wait service to the dishwasher, everyone was great (No, I don't really know if the dishwasher was great but I'm sure they are). Extremely attentive, personable, accommodating. This was the best service I have received in a quite a long time. Environment: You feel like you are in a well-kept secret. The decor is not imposing and welcomes an intimate conversation. This is not a place for the kiddies (even though there was one or two children with their families). It is definitely perfect for date night, or even dinner with the girls. And yes they are very LGBT friendly - or at they least they were to these two Ls. What to Wear: No explicit dress code but it's always nice to turn it up a notch. If you are going to be casual chic, no worries there is outside seating. (Yes I put you outside ha!) Overall: Super Strong 4.5 Would I go again?: If I'm nice to the Mrs. maybe she'll take me back. A couple of tips: 1. Make sure to call (or go on opentable) for a reservation. All the foodies of Jacksonville know about this place so you might be left in the cold if you try to walk in without one. 2. Tell them how you feel. They have a strong presence on Facebook and Twitter. You can also get info, see the menus and all that good stuff on their website.
I only eat at Orsay a few times each year, but it is always a memorable evening and I have been going there for a number of years. The food is always amazing and the service is always perfect. We usually start with the cheese assortment and a fabulous cocktail or glass of wine. (In fact, you can make a great evening of it with cheese or charcuterie and beverages right in the bar.) The restaurant's vibe is just right - elegant, low-key, focused on the food and drink. This is the best restaurant in Jax and worth the trek if you don't happen to live near Avondale. If you want to impress a guest or just treat yourself, this is the place.
Saturday night we called at about 9:45 to ask if we could come in around 10:30 for dessert and drinks, hostess said "sure, come on in" we arrived and were greeted nicely and then seated promptly.  Only 1 other table was occupied by a large group that was finishing up.  We sat down and browsed the dessert menu.  My husband asked the waiter(Daniel) if he could order ice-cream off their "take home" section at the bottom and the waiter said NO.  We thought maybe he was kidding, but he was not. We asked him if he was serious and he said YES.  We were really taken aback, we live quite far and just had dinner at black sheep their sister restaurant and had a wonderful experience.  We thought that they would be able to accommodate us, but no such luck.  Even though this is something very small, it left a bad taste in our mouth and everyone in our group said they would not be coming back here.  I thought it was maybe just the waiter and not the restaurant, since we have been a few times before and had good experiences. I feel bad that others decided they would not return for dinner.  But, it was late, we were looking for a good time, and order 3-4 desserts and about 5 drinks.  Whats a pint of ice cream?   One other thing I thought was rude on our waiter's part was I simply mentioned "maybe we will take some macaroons home" he then brought out 2 in a to go box, and charged us for it!! We were so irritated by then we just paid for it all and left.   Sorry to say we were not happy at Orsay this time.  Have since then told 4 people of this mishap.
Nothing i say justifies this gem of an eatery in Jacksonville. I have been coming here for brunch, happy hour & dinner for about 2 years now & needless to say i have always left wanting for more. Brunch - the spicy bloody mary. Biscuits & gravy is to die for. although i have had better eggs benedict elsewhere, the omelettes are extraordinary. Happy hour - the best deal in jacksonville in my opinion. 1/2 priced house wines & appetizers. Steak tartare is always so perfect, as well as pork rillettes & sauteed calamari. Dinner - definitely need a reservation in advance but worth the wait. Steak frites has perfect outer crust & tender. Lamb pasta is delicious. Duck breast is out of this world. The only downside to Orsay is that they are not open for lunch!
Orsay is definitely one of our favorite restaurants ever.  As self-proclaimed foodies, the man and I love to eat...especially local.   Brunch:  THE best bloody marys I have ever had.  You can't have just one (though not sure that is necessarily a bad thing!)  I had the Duck Confit Hash, the man had the Croque Madame.  Both were tasty. Dinner:  I continue to order the same thing because I cannot bring myself to try anything different...the pan roasted fish with grits and corn literally melts in my mouth.   LOVE the steak tartare and oysters. Whatever you order...you won't be disappointed.
Oh Yeah I am a fan!!! this was AMAZING!! food is the best... I am a foodie and in restaurant business so trust me I just don't give out 5 star review but this place deserves it! I am from Jax and I wish this place existed when I lived there.
A true gem in Jacksonville. Everything at this place, including the service, was excellent. Orsay could seriously hack it in the Bay Area, but everything would cost twice as much. The breakdown: Ambiance-- 3 stars Service- 5 stars Bloody Mary- 4 stars Baked Oysters- 5 stars Duck Hash- 4 stars, and I don't even like duck. Shrimp Grits- 5 stars, and I don't even like grits. Definitely worth a trip from anywhere in Jax, and if you live there, you know how freakin' big that town is!
Great atmosphere, great service, and great food. Don't come here hungry however cause as good as the food is they are in small portions. Drink are excellent and a key to drinks and appetizers is to get there before 7pm for there happy hour specials, great deal!
Quality= 10 Service = 9 Ambiance = 10 Friendliness of the staff = 9 Speed of Food cook time = 9 (but they were really busy) Overall a great place to eat!! Highly recommend it!
Orsay, Orsay.... I came in on Sat night for an 8:45p reservation.  There was a small wait, which gave me time to head to the bar and order a drink.  They have an impressive drink menu, some unique drinks to try.  The one with the apple and walnut in it was amazing, of course I forgot the name.   When I got to my seat I had to try the french onion soup, after all the pictures are all over yelp.  The service was fast, the soup was good, not to die for, but good.  For my entree I decided to order the Filet, after all what better way to gauge the place than to try the filet.   As I waited I was again impressed with the service in the dining room, the staff was friendly, folded my napkin when I went to the bathroom and just did an amazing job.   Then my food came, it was a good steak, but simply not the best.  It really had no flavor to it at all.  I was expecting some sort of pepper or something, but it wasn't there.  The cut was good, tender and lean.  But I was hoping for more.   The mac and cheese on the other hand was amazing.  If I ever went back to Orsay, I would sit at the bar and have one of the many amazing drinks on the menu and a side of mac and cheese and then I would go have dinner somewhere else.
This place is absolutely amazing!!!  Orsay is now my favorite restaurant in Jacksonville.  Every dish on their menu is to die for!!!  James, our server, was so pleasant!  You must check this place out.
I have always been delighted with the food and service and what always made the dining experience better is one or two Blood Orange Martini's!
Friends told me for a long how fantastic Orsay was, but it took me over a year to try it....Oh how I wish I had that year back...we could have had so many more good times together. I took my wife for a rare chance to get away for the night. Walking into the intimate, trendy atmosphere made us forget we were still in Jacksonville. Their outstanding customer service started before we even got there. They called to confirm my reservation and when I had to push it back 45 minutes, even on a Friday night they were so accommodating. We had a short wait at the bar, perfect for pre-dinner drinks. I enjoyed a local brew from Intuition & my wife got their specialty Pear Martini and loved it. For dinner we started with the sauteed calamari which was outstanding as was their fresh bread. For dinner I had the Eden Farms Pork Shank and my wife had the Maple Farms Duck. Both were cooked perfectly and the parsnip puree with the duck was fantastic. There is no way anyone can be disappointed by a visit to Orsay.
Eat here! This is my favorite place in Jacksonville, and I always feel very fancy even though I usually end up eating bread and cheese and potatoes. Happy hour is superb, and brunch is amazing. Try a specialty cocktail, get a cheese plate, and have some frites. Ask for Chris, too.
Favorite place in Jacksonville.
I don't know if it was the day we chose or our server was maybe a newbie, but I was disappointed by the lack of service and food. We dined here yesterday on Sunday, the hostess was nice and friendly. We were seated at a 2-top right next to the lounge sofas so it was uncomfortable because you were so close to the people lounging on the sofa. Suggestion to that is to put up a low partition so people had a little bit more privacy. Our server greeted us briefly, we ordered the foie gras app, scallops and filet mignon. The foie gras was good on its own, the cocoa nib financier and pineapple compote that came with it wasn't something I desired. My scallop entree was overly salted. The filet was good, but didn't feel it was worth the amount it said it was. It took awhile for plates to be cleared off the table when we were done, maybe because of the lack of busboys and I don't know what our server was doing, he didn't have a big section. I ordered oysters in the middle of our meal and he forgot them. We ended up just asking for the check because we couldn't wait to get out of there. Overall everything was not what I expected. This will be the first and last time I dine here. Most of the crowd felt like they were here for happy hour, if that was case, I wish we were seated in the back room because being near the bar, the music was loud and it was hard to hear my bf talk to me because people were talking even louder over the music.
WONDERFUL FRENCH FOOD!!!  I love french food and this place really hit it!  I had the following. boeuf bourguignon Red wine braised beef, poached baby potatoes, carrots, leeks, wild mushrooms It was great!  I cleaned my plate!  We went on my Birthday so that was July /2012.  We had other stuff but can't remember!
Favorite restaurant in Jacksonville. I have been to dinner. I have been to brunch. I have been to special events. I have even celebrated July 4th here. Orsay and it's staff never disappoints. What one would think is a very stuffy restaurant, would be surprised when it is just the opposite. My favorite cocktail to currently order is the Dark & Stormy. They make an excellent version and I'm addicted. Tried scallops for the first time (in a very, very long time) and loved every bite. Tender, buttery, perfectly cooked. They even take the standard American cookout to the next level when they invite everybody over for their July 4th BBQ. Pulled pork. Chicken Salad. Hot dogs. You name it, the probably had it. And every last bite was delicious. Superb Staff. Fabulous food. The only thing I would EVER complain about is the drive (from the beach) to get there.
Orsay killed my New Year's Eve. "EGADS!," you're thinking to yourself as you read this, "how could this happen?  What could a restaurant do so wrong on one of the biggest nights of the year to warrant such a comment?"  Here's the thing: it was not what they did wrong, it was that they did everything right.  By the time I got out of there, I was so incredibly sated and totally happy that the rest of the evening paled by comparison. We got there early and had a few drinks at the bar.  Now, I'm normally one of those guys who moves right past the "specialty drinks" menu, but as we walked up, the bartender was mixing up something special for someone (as in he was actually taking the time to make a cocktail and wasn't just slinging drinks) and it set the hook in all four of us.  The Missus picked the winner, a pear/jalepeno margarita that was wonderful.  We had a drink or two and when the rest of the party arrived, moved on to the table. Here's where it gets good.  After I wrote my prior review, Orsay's manager reached out to me to discuss my first experience.  We swapped a few e-mails and when it came time to make reservations for NYE, she was happy to oblige.  I certainly did not expect any special treatment, but let me tell you what, fellow Yelpers, Crystal is on her game. We hit the table and servers are on us like hyenas on a fresh kill.  Champagne appears out of nowhere and an amuse bouche (a nice chilled leek and potato number) hits the table promptly.  The Missus looks at me like "what the hell is going on?"  If nothing else, that little look earns Crystal and Orsay my gratitude.  The coup de grace -- the waiter comes over, reads the specials and then says "and we have a special just for you -- the lamb shank a la Daniel Boulud."  Oh yeah, baby -- it's on like Donkey Kong. And so it went.  Everything that came out of the kitchen was perfect and when it wasn't (there was some issue with some oysters ordered by a friend's wife that I didn't really understand -- too many Dark & Stormys by that point) it was immediately made right. A special point of praise -- the house-made ice cream trio was exceptional.  Some in the crowd crinkled their noses at the descriptions -- a scoop of chocolate and cayenne pepper, a scoop of mexican chocolate and a scoop of sheep's milk reduction -- but no one was complaining when I shared the order.  I'm not sure what kind of fairy dust was sprinked on the pot when reducing the sheep's milk, but a little dose of that applied in the right location could fix the economy, bring peace to the Middle East, stop male-pattern baldness, and get my dog to stop digging up my azaleas. Bottom line -- I'm a fan.  I definitely do not expect to be treated like Ruth Reichl every time and it was completely unnecessary, but it shows that Crystal and the folks at Orsay are in the game to make your experience a great one, which is sufficient justification for me to keep going back. Check it out.
