I really can't say much more about the food than what has already been said.  I'm team Maple Street and my coworkers regard me as "the food expert" now that I've introduced them to this place.   This location is gorgeous, so nicely done.  Hoping people don't catch on to the new location tooooo quickly since I can still get in and out of here pretty fast on my lunch break.
This was a difficult rating for me. The staff is friendly and nice and I love the restaurant decor, but I just wasn't impressed with their food. The biscuits are about the only thing that's good and it's hard to enjoy the biscuit when what is sandwiched in between it is extremely salty (collard greens and egg) or really dry (fried chicken). I also found two hairs in my collard greens... We also ordered their a side of their hash and that was something you could have gotten from your school's cafeteria. They did try making up the experience to us by bringing us a free side of pepper jam (which was still very sugary and I could not taste the pepper) and apple butter (more like apple sauce) and a cinnamon biscuit- which was actually pretty good. Their coffee was okay as well, but their dark roast wasn't the best. I wanted to like the place, but overall my experience just wasn't up to par.
This is definitely my new favorite breakfast place in Jacksonville, for a few reasons. While there are a ton of great places to get breakfast/brunch in the Riverside/Avondale/Murray Hill area, what sets Maple Street Biscuit Company apart is: 1) The size of the space - unlike a lot of the other breakfast places that we go to (Cool Moose, The Fox, etc) the Murray Hill location of Maple Street is large and spacious and offers a ton of seating; even when the line is practically out the door, you can usually find a seat at one of their small or communal tables. 2) The service - I feel terrible that I can't remember her name, but one of the young women who has been working at Maple Street from the beginning walks around checking on all the customers, and is very friendly and helpful. The last time my husband and I were there our order of hash-ups never came out, so she went back into the kitchen, got one made, and brought it out to us herself. She then apologized (even though it was not at all her fault and we weren't even upset) and gave us complimentary cinnamon biscuits. I don't think I've ever had service like that at a breakfast place, and I definitely won't forget it. 3) The food - I have no idea what it is about their biscuits that are so much better than other place's biscuits, but they are. Also, the bacon, which is pecan smoked I think? Is phenomenal. I normally get an egg, bacon, and cheese biscuit with an order of their signature hash-ups, and it is always fantastic and delicious. I'm really happy that there's this location now in Murray Hill, I'll be frequenting it a lot!
I love this place. Food is consistently good. Its funny and personable. Love taking out of town guests here.
I literally just left the Maple Street Biscuit Company and had to get to a computer to let people know about this place.  On my way to another neighborhood spot I saw Maple Street and decided to try something new.  Am I ever so glad I did!  OMG!  The food at Maple Street is simply awesome.  I had the Five and Dime.  The biscuit was perfectly flacky and chewy.  You know how some biscuits are so "doughy" and heavy?  Not the biscuits here.  All you would need is a little butter or jam and you could eat a ton of them.  The Five and Dime has a fried chicken breast (cooked to perfection), crispy bacon ( I think it was pecan smoked or something), cheese, an egg on top (had mine over easy) with the best sausage gravy all over the plate (and on my fingers and face too).  This is true comfort food. Also, the staff were absolutely great and made my first time so good it will definitely not be my last.  I don't know if Chelsea (she's a partner) will be there when you go but make sure you say hello.  The personal touch that she gave my friend and I is uncommon in todays world.  So unbuckle that belt or loosen those skirts and pants and get one of the sandwiches at Maple Street.  You won't be sorry.  Now excuse me.  I need a nap.
Maple Street Biscuit Company is not just a breakfast place. I had the Blues Biscuit.  Pulled pork with sweet coke slaw and bbq sauce. It was the Chicken Club for my wife and we shared a side of Sweet Potato fries with honey mustard.   All was amazing!
Dearest dear Maple Street. I love your food. I do. A lot. Honestly, I think I've been here every. single. Saturday. since you have opened this location. I love the openness of this location, all the room, and generally, the service. I HAVE to say something about the last two visits, however. On both occasions, I waited 20 + minutes for my food. On the last occasion, I didn't even get my food. After waiting for 45 minutes, seeing people that were behind you in line, order, get their food, eat, and then leave, starts to wear on the nerves a bit. You start to question your order! "Did I order something really complex? What happened here?" Your bottom lip starts to quiver a little bit as the time ticks by, and still you wait. I did get checked on by the manager, which I was very pleased about! I thought it meant my food was coming soon! Not the case. After 15 more minutes of waiting, I got up, got my money back and left. I will say that the manager was very pleasant and very upset that this had happened, but I just wish that the problem would have been addressed sooner, and that I would have had food shortly after the first time that she checked in on us. I'll most likely be back, but not for a while.
Super flavorful lunch biscuit sandwiches and sides with sweet southern hospitality!  I brought my family here and we ordered 5 different styles.  This is the way to go if you don't mind sharing.  I took a little bite from everyone's and added a side of Smokey Mountain Mac-N-Cheese & Hashups.  Everything I ate more than met my expectations.  So tasty!  I will be back to try everything else on the menu.  Can't wait...
I have eaten here twice in the last few days. It is fantastic! The food is great with large portions. The staff is very friendly and attentive. All the food is made to order, with the freshest local ingredients. This includes all their sauces and jams. Their coffee is fresh ground and brewed daily. If you haven't tried them then you are doing yourself a disservice.
I love Maple street biscuit company and am so happy that they opened up a location in Murray hill.  The restaurant is larger then their location in San Marco and the large windows allows a lot of natural light in creating a wonderful environment.  This company has the most friendly and warm staff in Jacksonville.  I have been to the Murray hill location three times since they opened and each time, I have been warmly greeted and taken care of.   The five is my favorite sandwich but It is so rich that I have to share it with my husband.  The coffee selection is impressive and If you have not tried the biscuit with just maple syrup, I would recommend it as a nice dessert.   I also love the that they do not accept tips.  I was talking to one of the employees about this and the company does this to promote warm and friendly service without wanting a customer to feel obliged to tip.
An avid fan of the San Marco location I stopped in on opening day to welcome the third MSBC to Murray Hill. The space is by far the largest of the three and perhaps the coolest -- love the high-ceilings, ample natural light from the windows and the addition of a big round family-style table at the front, and a long table by the window complete with laptop and phone charging stations. (hello, free wi-fi!) The Maple Tap coffee is still self-serve and still deliciously full of flavor and the biscuits are just as fabulous as their cross-town counterparts. I grabbed a coffee and plain biscuit and side of apple butter to-go and ate it at my desk. Even 15 minutes later when I got to work it was delicious. My go-to when dining is the Garden Egg (fried egg over smoky collards doused with hot sauce + I add pepper jelly) so I'm eager to return. Could not be happier to have these guys closeby. Now, if they were only open on Sundays... *wink, wink, nudge, nudge*
I have a feeling this will be a landmark breakfast spot in Jacksonville. The prices were amazing, most expensive meal is $8 and was more than enough, and the food is AMAZING!  Definitely with checking out, next time I'm in JAX I will be coming back!
This was my first time eating at Maple Street Biscuit Co. and I was not let down. The Squawking Goat was to die for. The atmosphere is welcoming and very family friendly.  I'll definitely be back.
Our first visit here and we really enjoyed it. Of their three locations we visited the one in Murray Hill on Edgewood Ave just off Roosevelt Blvd. Friendly staff, good biscuits and a wide variety (of biscuits) on the menu. It was really good. I recommend it.
This place is amazing, I love it!! The food is always delicious and the service is on time.  The Ralphie is my favorite, biscuits and gravy with a spicy kick almost as good as moms, the five and dime is awesome, and that maple coffee is a must. Today I had an issue which I was solely responsible for and the manager Michael completely took care of me fixed everything personally.  I would recommend this place to anyone!
Great addition to Murray Hill. They did a great job on the renovation and look! Had the chicken biscuit with pepper jelly, loved it. Only wish they had wet-naps so I could clean my sticky fingers. I'll use a fork and knife next time. Liked their coffee. I look forward to having breakfast there with my husband in the future so  I can split one of their bigger, yummier, gravy-laden biscuits. It's a little pricey, but no one has a menu like theirs.  Truly unique. Can't wait til the next time. ..
Okay the prices are ridiculous for what you get. No biscuit should be more than five dollars. It is a biscuit biscuits are cheap and doesn't matter where you get one from they all taste about the same with some minor differences. That being said this biscuit is as good as any other biscuit. The maple syrup is not very strong for a maple a syrup. That problem lies in we are in Florida and Maple syrup comes from New England. I got the fried chicken and bacon biscuit. The fried chicken was over seasoned tasted like a lot of sage and the bacon was okay but not very crispy. The two did not complement each other at all the flavors were all over the place. They put maple syrup on the plate and it was nearly flavorless. It cost 7 dollars. My wife order a sausage egg and cheese biscuit. McDonald's makes a better sausage egg and cheese biscuit and it is less than three dollars. Their SEC biscuit is 6 dollars. I would expect better quality even if it is just a plain old SEC biscuit at 6 dollars. Complete rip off. The hash-ups sucked. Flavorless mushy potatoes and definitely not worth four dollars. The Coffee Bard, was called roasters, on Old St Augustine road does the roasting of the coffee for them, at least the maple, and it is stellar. The dark Amber is great to. All in all this is another place typical of the offerings in Jacksonville. The price is high but the quality is low. IF it were 5 and under I would give it 4 stars but at this price and this low quality I will not be going back.
What a great place! Love the creative biscuits. Think of it as a sandwich...The Squawking Goat was great especially the fried goat cheese and homemade pepper jelly.
Finally, I got to try the famous Maple Street Biscuit. Biscuits are what's for dinner, for real. I had the Loaded Goat biscuit and Mac and Cheese. The scratch made light and flaky biscuit was awesome! The chicken was moist and flavor filled, but the fried goat cheese medallion on top was the perfect topping. The goat cheese added the perfect compliment to the crispy fried chicken! The Mac and cheese was great, creamy yumminess, topped with crunchy cheese crackers. The place is very tastefully decorated, charming, and huge inside. Chelsea and the gang rocked w/customer service tonight. I'd highly recommend this one for breakfast, lunch or dinner.
I really am so glad that this place is closer to home. Their biscuits are always yummy.  The staff here in Murray Hill is very helpful. If you can't decide what you want to eat they will give you suggestions which is always helpful.  Every time we have been here the manager is present and making sure your food is what you want and you are enjoying it.  I decided to go with the old standby of squawking goat again.  Chicken with goat cheese and pepper jelly!
Not open on Sundays. Worst idea ever. I don't even want to try it now.
As silly as it sounds,one of the things I judge a place on is how good their iced tea is. I placed my order,made my tea,and took a big swallow. Fresh and tasty,I knew it was a good sign ! And it was,the biscuits are fabulous,the hash round ups are to die for,the sausage gravy is the best Ive had in years,and the service was outstanding ! We will return,over and over (as long as they don't change the quality ! ).
Crowded today but moving quickly.  The Crazy Egg and Edgewood Bakery on same street.  Both great, but we prefer Maple Street.  Something about the energy here is just fun.  And of course the food is delicious.
Now as a lot of you know now. This place is OPEN and is serving some of the best biscuits n fixins in town. Hands Down, they make everything from scratch and in front of you. If you are like me and love watching your food being made. My wife calls me a stalker of restaurant with open kitchens and food trucks and food in general I say. Now the biscuit here are so so good and you can have them just about any way. From a very generous portion of fried chicken to a giant hunk of ham or maybe some simple bacon oh don't forget the sausage. Not my sausage but it's good anyway. Then you can match it up with an egg and some killer cheddar cheese all melting down you biscuit. You also have a few choices of veg from spinach, collards, to simple lettuce. Are you getting the feeling I know and like this place cause I can go on for a while here. So no matter which one or two (if your REALLY hungry) you choose you will not be disappointed and if you want to be the hero of the block or the job. Bring a bag full or two and you will be everyone's hero for sure. I know I do it sometimes from time to time. I have one job that they still talk about the biscuit from maple Street bisuit Company. Your Welcome guys n girls
Biscuits any way you like them. Fast hot and filling.  Great open concept design that should accommodate the large crowds that will fill the place soon This location already has one fabulous breakfast place with crazy egg down the street. But maple street will also be open for dinner on Friday and Saturday nights. Great bonus for Murray hill and riverside
