Awesome bar with a second level in the riverside area of Jacksonville. Really really enjoyed the vibes there and the variety of music they played. There was also a diverse crowd and I went with a big group of friends which made it all the more fun. Jacksonville is my hometown and I was visiting from Vegas. Now after living in Vegas, it gets hard to rate and compare the club experience but I have to say... Loft was really enjoyable. It wasn't too crowded but lots of people that the place didn't look dead or empty. There also had been a Nigeria verses USA team in Jax that day so it was slammed with althetes. I had a blast
This bar has a great mix of music and a good DJ.  There seemed to be no-dress code, and I felt a little over-dressed with slacks and a fitted dark v-neck shirt.  Many people had on shorts, and I saw a few flip flops and/or tank-tops in the crowd.  Our first bartender sucked, but I think we just happened to get the crappy one of the bunch.  We went to the other bartenders for the rest of the night and got AWESOME service.  The average age of the crowd seemed early to mid 20s, and the environment was a college-y feel.  I'm 30 and my friend is 33, so we felt a little out of place, but our main focus was to go dancing so it was fine.  But if you're looking for a younger environment that's safe, good drinks, dancing, and a good range of music, I highly recommend this place.  We went on a Friday night.
Ah... the Loft. Let me start by saying that this is a place mainly for the single and/or already smashed out of your gourd crowd. I wish I could give this cool bar in the King Street district more stars (consider it 2.5 stars). Here is why I can't: 1) It is always extremely crowded and almost impossible to order a drink unless you want to piss off a drunk guy or girl clinging to the bar, even if you try to go to the other bar that's stuffed away in a hole in the wall at the back of the club. 2) It's almost impossible to navigate through the crowd without being violated or unintentionally violating someone else. 3) This is not a place for conversation. Just... don't even try. 4) The bathroom situation will turn hostile at any moment. Beware the angry drunk girls who are about to piss all over their slutty dresses. Positives: 1) Great music from awesome DJs. Definitely a place to let loose after a long work week or exams. 2) Quirky videos of vintage commercials playing on the tvs and projected on the wall. 3) Interesting decor in general. Exposed brick walls, cool light fixtures, suspended liquor bottles around the bar. Little loft area with couches upstairs, hence the name. The Loft is cool, but it's not my first, or second, or even third choice in nightlife in Riverside. Good place to laugh at the inebriated.
My favorite place in Jacksonville for dancing!! Best on Friday and Saturday nights after midnight!
I was just in Jacksonville for Girls Weekend, when our host for the weekend brought us here. Let me tell you, I had a lot of fun! When I first walked in, I was pleased by the size of it. (Trying my best to stay mature). There are a couple of rooms. The first room, the main room, is very spacious with a bar in the center. The bartender I had even let me try a small amount of a drink to see if I liked it before serving me one. The main room also has an upstairs where there are comfy couches and a small bar. The DJ is also up there. We got there early so, it was a little quiet for a while. Once the drinks started flowing, the dancing started happening. I'm not a huge club person, but every once in a while I like to shake my tailfeather and I had a lot of fun doing it here. Whenever I got too hot or just wanted to sit down for a while, I left the main room, down a hallway and there was another smaller bar. I called it the "air conditioning bar". It was low key with people just looking to have a nice chat and a beer. I would definitely come back to this place!
My girlfriends and I like to have girls' weekends.  This entails ditching our men and eating and drinking way too much.  My sister was in charge of organizing our Jacksonville girls' weekend.  When she was trying to explain the LOFT, I wasn't sure what to expect. Here is what I loved about this place: 1)  It is huge, with lots of options for places to hang out. 2)  Although the DJ didn't take requests (LAME), they played a lot of great music. 3)  The décor was super fun and I enjoyed getting to see the old movies on the projector screen. We had a blast at this dance club.  It makes me wish that Tampa had a spot like this for those rare occasions that I feel like going out and shakin' it!
This is probably my favorite bar in the area. Plenty of space, great music, decent crowd, and amazingly great staff. Bartenders are quick, attentive, and make some of the best drinks I've had in Jax. Awesome environment, large spacious dance area, upstairs provides cozy seating, and the "back bar" is a great place to go for chill conversation with friends. A variety of night club environments wrapped up into one. An absolute must if you're new to the area.
Hands down, more people told me to come here while I was in Jacksonville than anywhere else. I had high expectations, but it really wasn't all that. I mean, I guess it's kind of pretty to look at (and so was our bartender). This seems like more of a locals-only hangout than anything else. Everyone here looked like they were dressed by the same person. Wall-to-wall hipsters. That's not necessarily a bad thing. Just not my thing. I was told to get a martini here and that recommendation was right on the money. Delicious. Speaking of money, they're not cheap, but less than $10 is still better than most places in Atlanta.
It's a nice bar with nice decor, but it does get very crowded. I have noticed that almost everyone here dresses alike (especially on a Thursday or Saturday night). I find it kind of weird, but It's fun to go and people watch. I like coming here on a friday night. Fridays tend to be more laid back than thursday or saturday nights. Most bartenders are nice, except for one and he is a manager of this place. Only friendly to his friends, apparently (according to other bartenders and a couple of other people that comes into the bar). If you want to get drunk fast, come here. Drinks are cheap, especially their PBR! Not a great place to go dancing, but it is a good place to just sit, listen to music, and people watch.
I come from an area of the United States (Hollywood) where pretentious and fickle is synonymous with the word night club, and this place was exactly the opposite while maintaining a club-like feel.   I enjoyed the ambiance, the crowd, and the overall vibe I got.  I think first impressions mean a lot, and the door person kicked it off right with a big smile and a big welcome.  Didn't receive flack at the door, no cover, and most people came as they were, but yet it managed to pull a cluby vibe. My only complaint was the music was a bit outdated, although this could be a consequence of regional preferences, but I'm pretty sure song like Montel Jordan's - This is How We Do It is a bit dated.  In the end, I had a good time, people were friendly, I didn't feel judged, and the drinks were cheap in relation to what I'm accustomed to paying.  I should note that I'm accustomed to overpaying for drinks at club environments, was a pleasant surprise that this wasn't terrible. Will go back here again.  Note: It's probably the only club in the area (at least from Yelp + word-of-mouth) so whether you want it to be 5 stars or 1 star, you're stuck :P
I'd give it 3.5 stars, if possible. All right. Not my go to unless someone else wants to go and I'm not driving. The music is on point! This bar shows movies on the walls, which is great when I need 10 minutes of down time. LOFT is EXTREMELY casual. I feel so dressy when I wear my leopard pants, haha. Cons: - smells like a dirty mop - drinks are so-so - cover is usually cheap or free (maybe because I use my face card, haha). Pros: - MUSIC. Lots of trendy indie hits (a bit of a contradiction) - Okay crowd. Mainly college-aged kids and older hipsters, but nothing too bad.
I went to theLoft for its Grand Opening about a week and a half ago and was definitely pleasantly surprised. I love that Jacksonville has new bars and restaurants cropping up all over the place, and the new development of the King Street District is very exciting. I loved theLoft's decor, first and foremost. The exposed brick, the high ceilings, the Plexiglas walls that exposed the staircase leading to the actual loft [where my friends and I sipped on our cocktails, resting on the plush benches], the flat screen TV's that played sports on one screen and artistic videos on the other in black and white [didn't even know that was an option on today's televisions!], and the music that was simultaneously current and cutting edge, but not interfering with the atmosphere... it was all great. You can tell that the owners of Walkers also own theLoft, as their exposed, yet chic and comfortable aesthetic was definitely carried over into theLoft's decor. All the better. Glad to have another great place to hang out at on any given night of the week. PS Be sure to ask about their free nightly shot! Tasty and strong, but they won't tell you the contents! It's a surprise.
I finally made it to this spot last Saturday night. I LOVED the music they were playing; lots of 80's new wave and current indie favorites (B-52s, The Smiths, MGMT, Vampire Weekend... etc). The place is spacious with a minimalist slightly industrial decor. It's smoke-free inside, which is quite refreshing. The bartender was very friendly and attentive. Drink prices were about on par with the neighborhood. I can't comment on the cocktails because I only had a few beers. I got there about 11:30pm, during which time they had a decent crowd - not packed - and things started to thin out about the time I left just after 1am. I will be back for two reasons. The friendly bartender and the awesome music. P.S. - Street parking only. Can be difficult at times.
Fun place to hang out. A lot of cool music and dancing. Best time to come is on Saturday night around eleven. Cool atmosphere.
Is there anyway I can give this a negative review?!?! The only kudos I give was the bartenders they were professional and very quick to help with your orders. Everything else just reminded me if a horror film where we go to get killed by Jason or something. My friends and I got in there and was okay with the size of the place till it got really crowded. It started to become a game of where can I find a spot to breath. Secondly, everyone was making out and grabbing ass with loud music rolling. That is a normal bar atmosphere but I think the drinking coupled with the weird crowd bumping and grinding on each other with the videos of old black and white films on the walls really freaked us out. Please please please, anyone going to visit Jacksonville, GO TO JACKSONVILLE BEACH bars!! It's worth it!!! Drinking bar hopping no cover charge and you can go to the bed and watch the waves afterwards...guarantee you a good night!!!
Went in the loft expecting just to do a little head bobbing and relax. I ended up full out dancing! The music is great! Wonderful mix! Lively crowd but still relaxed. It did get extremely packed and hot but still had a great time. Currently my favorite Jax night life experience.
Really fun place for dancing and mingling with friends; I love to do both.  It's pretty popular, so it does get super crowded/sweaty as the night goes on.  I hung out in the VIP section upstairs for a couple of hours near the end of the night, which actually isn't stuffy but has a different vibe than the rest of the venue.  Come here to get your groove on with an unpretentious and relaxed Jacksonville crowd--minus the guy trying to pick up girls by pretending to read at the bar tee hee.
This was the first place i went to when i moved to Jax 2 months ago. the drinks were good for the price and the DJ was good on that first visit. went back a week ago and it was like a totally different bar. The drinks were still good but the music was hardly turned up and it was lame as can ever be. i heard Fridays are better though.i still give the loft a thumbs up.
I tried to contact this venue on a couple occasions regarding arranging a birthday celebration. Nobody returned any of my calls or emails!
The club is amazing ! It gets very crowded and packed with people, NO expensive at all, go after 10:00pm because that is when the action starts.
Oh The LOFT...so much I could say, one of them being this will be the source of MANY good nights to come,  if you love to dance, greet yourself with a shot of Vodka and have at it. Very comfortable 'cheers-esque environment where everyone knows everyone, expect to see normally the same crowd with the exception of handful of curious sightseers. Always a fun-filled experience, never a disappointing night. The only thing one could say would be better would be drink specials. Expect to spend a couple bucks if you are looking to get the most out of your night. Other than that small oversight , different days have different events, such as Thursdays your drink FREE PBR from 9p-10p if you are on the list; $3 otherwise, Saturdays are usually when you can expect to see large crowds with long lines, bring BETTER entertainment. you will more than often see migrates from The Pearl located here, if you knew of the myth once called The Pearl then you know the outstanding chaos you are up against. Enough said, come one come all! 5/5
My favorite bar in Jacksonville. Great atmosphere, great music. A front and back bar to handle all your needs and good bartenders. If you are looking to bar hop in Riverside and get your groove on this is the place to do it!
Maybe I have way too high of standards set by the Violet Hour, Death &Co., and buddha bar on how cocktail/speakeasy places are supposed to operate. I've also become a petite cocktail connoisseur. The Loft started off right, by having no signs on the windows or door. The exposed brick and beams made me believe that Jacksonville finally had a cocktail place that could be classified as a speakeasy. Unfortunately, when we went up to the bar and asked for a cocktail menu, the bartender said that they had no menu, but that they could make us anything we wanted. That was such as disappointment, because I love pouring over elaborate and artful cocktail menus. Well, since I had read on yelp about the Sonic cocktail I ordered that. Disappointment again, the bartender looked at the other bartender who both had lost looks on their face and said that they did not know how to make it, but would try and figure it out. I said there was no need to go to that trouble and said I would have something else. The bartender suggested the bicycle which was made with blueberry vodka and that it was very light and refreshing. I went with that and I was pleasantly surprised. The drink had blueberries and a muddled lemon and lime. I loved it so much, that I ordered a second and was happy that at least they were on the right path to creating a good cocktail environment. The second bicycle arrived, but it had no blueberries and the lemon and lime were on top of the glass not mixed into the drink. The second bicycle also was a different color and a completely different taste. I really like consistency in cocktails. All of the staff was super friendly and inviting. I really loved the decor, but I feel that they could have more black and white TVs. I did think it was amusing that they were playing a baseball game in black and white. I'm hoping that the Loft is a work in progress and that they will eventually have an eclectic cocktail menu.
Really fun bar! Nice change from the beaches.
An unfortunately small but great place to grab a drink.
Being a new lesbian transplant from Seattle, The Loft was recommended as a safe place for homos and a fun place to dance, my experience was very far from this.   Last night I attended their thursday night dance party.  I was having fun dancing with a girl and went to the bar to buy her a drink.  As I stood there someone grabbed my butt.  I turned around and there were 3 guys standing behind me.  I returned my attention to the bar and my butt got grabbed 3 more times.  I turned around and looked into the eyes of all of the men standing behind me and asked them to stop grabbing me and that it made me uncomfortable.  They laughed.  I returned my attention to the bar and the bartender asked what he could do for me.  I told him he could get me a yeungling and I told him that these guys behind me were grabbing my ass and it made me uncomfortable.  As I said this my butt got grabbed again.  I felt very validated and asked if he saw who did it.  The same three guys stood behind me laughing.  The bartender walked away from me.  He didn't get me a drink.  When he came back around he told me to go chat with him over on the side.  I told him everything that happened, and he said "what did they do?"  I grabbed his butt to show him and he  immediately shouted out that I had harassed him and got his bouncers to kick me out of the bar. So that's what your gonna get if you go to loft dressed in a baseball cap and suspenders and try and buy drinks for pretty girls.
By far on my top 5 list for my favorite dive bars in Jax. This could go as a bar/small club. Love the decor in this place, and the big screen plays some awesome remix videos to the live DJ music. They also have two TVs over the bar that plays movies on repeat. Thursdays are good nights to go if you want to have fun and people watch. Expect to show up around 10:30-11 for when it starts to get going. So many different walks of life come here. Mainly a hipster venue (due to the area it's in), but you'll get anyone and everyone in this place. Great music, and drinks are slightly over priced in my opinion. They have a small separate intimate bar in the back to the left that serves some good beer. They have an outside smoking area for all of you smokers which is great for us non-smokers inside. Guys this is a great place to get some girls as well. I would certainly and plan to take any of my out of town friends here to have fun. I've had so many good nights here, and many more to come in the future!
The LOFT is likely the most hopping hotspot in Riverside these days. The open, funky decor and bumping bass keep the dance floor packed and the drinks flowing right up to closing time. In the main room you'll find an eclectic mix of people breaking it down to Katy Perry, MGMT, Juvenile and more underneath a sprawling spiderweb of rope and metal. I also enjoy the total randomness that plays on a projector to the side of the dance floor. (i.e.The Shining.) Walk down a hallway at the rear of the space to find  an intimate second bar with low lights and a different music selection; a little indie/80's hideaway from the bump and grind of the front room. Each time I've been to LOFT the service was efficient and friendly, with the bartenders systematically doling out drinks to an always sizeable crowd. It gets a little too packed for me on Thursdays and Saturdays but Fridays here have been great!
