Great spot, good cocktails.  The mixologist know what they are doing.  The place has a brick and timber ambiance which is cool.   The crowd was legit as well.  I was here for Florida v Georgia game and this place was filled with locals.   I went with ginger beer and Jamison.
If I don't come home one day, my family can probably start here. Sharp looking man bartender, thank you for the love you put in our drinks. I's special. (Plus-it's rare finding places they don't water-down the drinks). Will be a regular, didn't judge me for the mom-clothes I was in due to unforeseen weather. Thanks for a great experience!
If the devil ever opened a bar that featured fine handcrafted cocktails and other assorted debauchery, he'd probably summon the proprietors of Dos Gatos to give the dark lord advice on what to do.   The first time I walked into DG I enjoyed a perfectly crafted scofflaw, watched The Filth and the Fury (a documentary about the Sex Pistol's Sid Vicious) all while the Pixies were playing in the background.  Yes, I found a home here where life suddenly made sense.   Everyone flips for the jalapeño margaritas, but really any mixed drink you order is superbly prepared.  What stands out to me is a very impressive selection of bourbon, rye and gin on the top shelf behind the bar that surrounds the brunette temptress painted on the wall.   Friday and Saturday nights are obviously the busiest nights... But to really have a great time, go on Mondays for Rock and Roll karaoke.  Everyone that has the courage to live out their four minutes of rock star fame is rewarded like any true celebrity... With a free shot.  Wednesday night also features casino night where you can play blackjack for the chance to win bar tabs. Looking to score a hot girlfriend?  Almost three years ago, the love of my life walked into the doors of Dos Gatos for a pre-concert drink before heading to the Florida Theatre.  Yeah, that's how awesome this place is. Booze, broads and bitchin good times?  If the devil ever does come calling, at least I know they'll be a great place to drink during my eternity of the damned.
It has been more neccisity then loyalty that I have found myself frequenting Dos Gatos. It's location, accross/down the street from Veterans Arena and the Florida theater, make it an ideal pre show drinking stop. While it can be crowded during these times, I haven't found it difficult or annoying waiting for a drink. Living in downtown, Dos Gatos, is a convenient walk for that after work or lazy afternoon meet up with friends. The drinks are decent cocktails and if the menu becomes overwhelming, you can always reference a classic drink.
Bars should be known for their drinks, right?  Every drink made here is amazing...these bartenders really know what they're doing.  I love the laid back, downtown vibe...a great, comfy place to mingle or grab a quick drink after a rough day at work.  The music 9/10 times is great and not too mainstream.  The employees are great people, too.   I'd recommend karaoke on Monday nights if you've never been...you're sure to have a good time.
I love this bar.... and I hate bars! Lol. The vibe and atmosphere certainly sets the mood. It's a mix of mostly 30 somethings, but there are a few younger and older. The people and bartenders are friendly and the decor is pretty cool. There are two rooms. The room at the front is the bar area with tables nearby, and the backroom has a DJ set up and a few tables and couches to lounge at. The drink I had was pretty strong, but I don't know how much it cost (I was there for a work function). I wish I had a date to take here, because it's such a great low-key chill spot to chit chat and pass the time.
When I first walked into Dos Gatos, a wave of relief washed over me. I think Jacksonville's downtown [or the entire town for that matter] has been waiting for a place like this. Chic little lounge with lots of exposed brick, great drink selections, and lots of funky seating areas. You can go there and dance to the good music, a mixture of Indie + 80's + some Top 40 [apparently they are pretty picky about their DJ's, although they don't host any known DJ's around town, it's more like a good iTunes playlist]. I have also participated in one of their Monday Night Karaoke sessions... and really showed my true talents there. Or, you can grab a cocktail, sit down in a dimly lit corner, and have some nice conversations with your friends. A posh little lounge with a cool vibe. Lots of character. Make sure to try the Stolen Fish drink. It is delicious!
So, I was in Jacksonville for a hipster wedding this past weekend.  At one point on Saturday, we were at a billiards bar and so bored that we actually googled "Jacksonville nightlife."  We got a bunch of strip club references and called it a night.  The next, night after the wedding, we were told to head downtown to Dos Gatos. Aside from being surrounded by bail bond storefronts and the random shirtless crackhead trying to get $4 to "get a greyhound ticket," Dos Gatos is the best nightlife Jacksonville has for a late twenties hipster.  From the door guy, to the staff, to the drinks, it's a fantastic little bar. The drinks are probably the best place to start.  Stick to their signature cocktail menu.  They range from classics like Old Fashioneds to seasonal mixed drinks that I already forgot the name to.  All are very well made and fantastic.  Another good plus for me was the music and crowd.  As Best Coast, Sleigh Bells, Iron and Wine, and Passion Pit played overhead, you realized that the people next to you at the bar perfectly matched the tunes.  Friendly, tatted up guys and girls in their 20's-30's just having a great time.  If this bar were in Dallas, it would already be flooded with douchey bros. Towards the end of our night, we started talking more and more with the staff and I realized that I was actually sitting next to the owner.  We all talked about beer, the local drink scene, and NFL football.  When we left, they gave us all free koozies. If you're looking for something to do in Jacksonville, start with Dos Gatos.
Sweet, first. Newer spot downtown just across the street from Florida Theater.  No signage and a somewhat unobtrusive facade make it easy to miss.  They didn't skimp inside though...the interior is well done with an old, old school feel.  Many of my female friends exclaimed over the velvet red wallpaper.  I have to admit, it's pretty pimp.  The pressed metal ceiling also offers a throwback to more 1900-1920 style persuasions.  At least, I think it evokes that feel.  I'm no design buff. Anyway, so you walk in and there's a fairly long bar to the right with a brick wall in the back.  Centered over and behind it is a beautiful Latina dancer, painted right onto the wall.  If you keep moving back to the lounge area, there's a higher arched dark wood ceiling over a couple hottub booths and some lounges and chaises.  It's got a modern feel...or rather it's a modern take on an old feel.  I like it. The crowd seems to be more Pearl/TSI/Kickbacks than Marks (more professional) or the beaches (more college frat like).  Who knows how it will settle out though. They have a menu of signature cocktails that you can ask about.  I've tried the Stolen Fish which is an interesting muddle of basil, grapefruit juice and I believe vodka.  If you like basil, you'll love it. I also had the jalepeno margarita and can't say I was impressed.  It lacked any flavor of tequila or Cointreau/Triple Sec.  No one I gave a sip to liked it...but I'm sure someone does.  These signature drinks cost 8 bucks and the regular top  shelf drinks were $5-6.  I dunno what the well drinks cost.  My friend told me his PBR was a shocking $3. The nights I was there they had a swing/alternative 80s band and a DJ playing your typical hipster/emo shit.  Not my fave, but I can listen to it. Overall, I really like the spot because it offers another option downtown.  Mark's, TSI, Dive Bar, Ivy Dos Gatos...There's a new wine/cigar bar too that I need to find/try.   Anyway, give it a try and tell the short waitress with short hair named Megan that she smells good.  Well, go smell her and lemme know what you think.  Maybe I gave DG's a 4 just cuz of the perfume.
I LOVE this place. It's my favorite bar in Jax. It's a little pricey, but so worth it for the atmosphere! The jalapeno margs are hands down, the best in town. Go there on Fridays for FREE pizza and happy hour! Doesn't get any better!
This place was Awesome! Great bartenders, great ambience, great music, we had a blast.....UNTIL...... The bartenders took so many shots that they got drunk, quit making drinks, got mad that I ordered a drink off their "signature menu" Owners, managers, control your people. You lost a customer tonight because your employees got drunk and lazy.
Terrible Customer Service!  Went there with friends because we were seeing a show across the street.  Standing at the bar waiting, the 2 female bartenders were falling all over themselves.  They clearly had no bartender experience at all.  In fact, they were looking at recipes in a notepad.  They were super slow and everyone was getting frustrated around me.  Finally, a gentlemen who looked like a bar back walked up to me and greeted me.  I started to give him my order, he cut me off saying I would have to wait for the girls.  He thought I needed help in deciding what to order, though he would not take my order.  What???   Finally, the girl came over.  I started my order, 4 beers, as she started making them, I asked about their vodka.  After she got the beers, I ordered a cosmo.  She told me I would have to wait because she needed to take orders at the other end of the bar.  She did not finish my order and walked away.  I just left and joined my friends, one drink short.  A while later, she came up asking me if I wanted my cosmo now.  I told her no, letting her know what an amateur she was.  I refused to pay for the beers and told her to get her manager.  The manager turned out to be the guy who greeted me, that I thought was a bar back.  You got to be kidding!  What a worthless manager.  This guy offered no help at all.  A manager should be able to make drinks and help when it gets busy.  Especially, the way these 2 girls were struggling.  A manager needs to make sure that all the customers are being taken care of.  He was just standing there.  Anyway, I refused to pay for my beers and left.  I will never return.
I stopped into Dos Gatos during Art Walk. Been wanting to try it for awhile. So happy I made the trip! It's a lounge with lots of character and thoughtful decor. There is an enitre back section away from the bar with comfy couches and booths for lounging. The specialty cocktails looked amazing...but this DD didn't sample any. The music was (as mentioned in Hilary L.'s review) a good itunes playlist. I will definitely be back.
I came to Jacksonville for a conference and this was the #1 bar that popped up in the area. I sat at a table but realized that I had to go to the bar to order a drink. The drinks were really good and pretty cheap compared to prices in major cities. Overall, it was a nice bar with good drinks.
Dos Gatos is one of my favorite go-to watering holes. The cocktails are inventive and appeal to a whole range of palate preferences. Spicy margarita - yes please! A twist on an Old Fashion - hooray! The mixologists/bartenders are fantastic and always friendly. Plus, the place appeals to all different types, the crowd is always chill, yet entertaining. Added bonus: Trivia Thursdays!
I'm not sure how long Dos Gatos has been open, because the first thing you'll notice is that they don't have a sign out front.  I could have walked by this place for a month without knowing it was there.  I've only been here a couple times after work, but I really like this bar.  I heard it was packed at night. This place has character. I don't know if I've ever given a bar 4 stars, but I'll do it for Dos Gatos.  I hope it survives in the downtown wasteland.
Dos Gatos is a very sophisticated downtown cocktail lounge, but it was missing something. Then again, it may have had extra things like a big screen tv playing the Jaguar game. I guess in Jacksonville, every bar, lounge, etc. has to have a TV with some sporting event on. I really liked the decor and the set-up of the place. The cocktail menu was relatively small with about 8 signature cocktails. I had the "Redneck fizz" even though I hate the name! It was a really tasty drink made with bourbon and red wine. The bar tender was definitely into the craft of making cocktails. I had a sip of the cucumber cocktail, I can't remember the name, it was also a very well made drink. I would definitely recommend Dos Gatos for pre or post drinks after an event at the Florida Theater.
Cute hip bar, loved the atmosphere, music was pretty decent as well, and the jalapeno martini was to die for.
My favorite bar in Jacksonville! The Jalapeno Margarita is excellent. My only complaint is more often than not, the bartenders are very busy and it often takes longer than I'd like to get my drink order in.
One of my favorite bars in Jacksonville. They make craft cocktails and are reasonably priced. Service can be incredibly slow at peak hours. The bar is so long and they only have a couple of bartenders. It's in a great location directly across from the Florida Theater. Door man is awesome, always says hey to us. Jalapeno margarita is interesting. Try it.
Great music, drinks are tasty, and the bartenders are always friendly!
Great little find in Jacksonville. It was recommended to my cousin and I by the bartenders at the Jacksonville Landing. Bartenders know their stuff and its a pretty easy going crowd. Next time I am out that way, i will definitely stop by
Beware the karaoke!!!  Cool bar, very laid back and comfortable.  Drinks are yummy and inventive and the staff is friendly.  Unfortunately, after some liquid courage I too have been the perpetrator of bad karaoke. Sorry bout that.
Probably the best bar in Jacksonville!!! Great vibe, awesome speciality drinks and great service!!
Evidently nothing in downtown Jacksonville is open on a Sunday night. However, Dos Gatos was. Overall, it was a pleasant surprise. They offer a great beer selection of local and international beers on tap. Also, a great selection of spirits which my brother seemed to enjoy. The bartenders were friendly and played some great tunes.
I finally found the hip and sophisticated cocktail bar in Jacksonville.  Attractive staff and clientele that don't put on airs, aren't lecherous, and like good music and a fresh cocktail. My bartender Quentin was helpful, professional, and creative.  I started off with the Bourbon Soul Smash which is a take on the Whiskey Smash. This includes seasonal berries.  This drink is strong but the strength holds you to the drink and forces you to savor all the different warm, bitter and juicy flavors.  As the ice melted each flavor got it's chance to dazzle me.   My second cocktail was the Ginny Rose.  Gin, ginger ale, fresh lemon bitters, and I may have seen Quentin add a dash of simple syrup. It's a sweeter drink but it's fresh and the Gin cuts the sweetness just enough that it feels light and not bogged down in sweet syrup.  I'd be careful with this drink I could easily down a few very fast and end up someone else's nightmare.   Anyway, thanks Dos Gatos and Quentin.  I had a great time on a Tuesday night because of you.
Probably my favorite bar in Jacksonville. It gets busy from time to time but they are always busy and good reason to be! Drinks are great and service is always a plus Friendly staff and great live bands,  I went here for my birthday which was a big one :) and the bartender was extremely friendly and kept the drinks coming, Also, the atmosphere in this place is very hipster but could be upscale too, Really anyone can blend in Great Place!! highly recommend it
Great atmosphere! The bartenders are really friendly and make great drinks!
Luv it
It would be a great spot if the bartender didn't take forever. Seriously took about twenty minutes to get some beers. Come on son.
Great bar for happy hour
There has NEVER been a time that I have been to Dos Gatos that I was not 1000% happy! The person watching is pure entertainment in my book. Joy & J have brought their little slice of LA (HOME for me!) heaven to the dredges of downtown Jax. No matter how down I feel...If I can manage to zip myself into a pretty frock and find 2 MATCHING heels the siren of Dos Gatos (which is beautify painted behind the bar), the genuine smiles of the staff, friendly patrons(fr all walks of life), eclectic mix of music, restrooms that you actually want to go into...and best of all the cocktails...PERFECT EVERY TIME!   No sex on the beach here kids! Welcome to the grown up world of Dos Gatos!  If you are looking for a chuckle and over 30- just read the cocktail menu...you will get it! WOLVERINES!
Don't get me wrong, I like this place very much.  However, it gets very crowded, the music is always turned up WAY too loud and it takes forever to get a drink.
Awesome staff, unique mixed drinks, great atmosphere. Crowded during normal peak bar times, but the wait is worth it! Try the Jalapeño Margarita, and definitely ask for a recommendation on a shot of tequila!
Great new bar,my kind of place..............bump the 2 CATS
I've been to hundreds of bars from Key West to Jacksonville to Pensacola and all points in between. Dos Gatos makes the best specialty cocktails I've had in Florida. In the center of the bar is a tray with about 40 fresh ingredients and the bartenders work at a seriously fast pace slicing, crushing, peeling and squirting fresh ingredients into a shaker. The smells can be incredible if you sit in the right bar stool -- orange, lime, jalapeno, lemon. All fresh. Also in the tray are a condiment squirter with olive juice, Asian chili sauce, Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco, simple syrup and a whole lot more. Then there' the fresh fruit. I didn't see a drink made that didn't have real fruit juice. It's like watching an open kitchen at a restaurant. Beautiful and fun to watch. Plus it's such a cool atmosphere with exposed brick walls, great music and an eclectic  crowd. Servers are knowledgable and friendly.
I'm really sorry for stealing your paintbrush, but I was drunk. Btw your bar is great 4 DOLLAR JAGERBOMBS!!!! Awesome. It was at your bar I had the greatest revelation in my life. "Your either gay or sober"
Stopped through here during a bachelorette party, very cool place, had lots of fun! Enjoyed the atmosphere and music. Kind of a loungy feel but they won't stop you if you start dancing. The servers were friendly and took good care of us. Young, friendly crowd. Next time I'm in Jax, I'm here.
Great bar, good drinks, great staff.. Won't be disappointed! It does get crowded on certain nights but it's a bar, what do you expect ?! :)  I recommend their jalapeno margarita, the best!
Hands down, the best cocktails I've ever had. I have lived in both New York City and Los Angeles and the quality of these drinks don't even compare.  A must try if living or visiting Jacksonville.
Best bar in Jacksonville! Good selection of all spirits. Bartenders are very knowledgeable and can point you in the right direction if you don't know what to drink.
It was okay I guess. It would've been better had they actually employed bartenders who were interested in serving drinks rather than dancing around or ignoring tons of customers all night.
Interesting spot. Good location, trendy yet dark digs mixed with an intesting mix of music and a couple large LCD tvs. I found it to be lacking an identity really. It gave off a punk rock vibe the night I was mainly due to the music selection and the dress/appearence of the bartenders. Yet there were sports playing on the televisions and they have some really good beers on tap. Better selection of booze, though. I visited while on a business trip so that was my only time there, but I'd go again.
Love this place. Went this last weekend and had a great time. The menu was full of awesome and creative drinks so my table and I took a tapas approach and just ordered a bunch for everyone to try. Delicious. I love the rasberry/mexican beer drink, the stolen fish and the cucumber drink is refreshing. The DJ Nick Puzo was great and our waitress was great too. I live at the beach but will try to get down to Dos Gatos more often.
Hooray for well-crafted cocktails! Dos Gatos is class all the way, from the velvet brocade walls to the mustache-happy bartenders. I love coming here on nights out downtown, but it's the best before a concert at The Florida Theatre. With a commitment to mixology and an eclectic assortment of cocktails, Dos Gatos has something special for everyone. I've done the Bourbon Soul Smash several times and the blend of strong, bitter bourbon and sweet, fruity berries is always satisfying. Last night, I tried The Stolen Fish for the first time. Wow! So good. Vodka, muddled sweet basil, and grapefruit juice make up this refreshing and zingy treat. Use the lemon garnish, for an extra punch of zest. The atmosphere in Dos is lowlit and swanky with a backroom full of plush leather couches and a small stage for live music. One caution: this bar is not quick. Even if you want a simple cocktail or a beer, you're going to have to wait while some serious muddling and zesting goes on for the other customers. I'd say it's an ideal spot for your first drink of the night, but later on the wait time might become a bit of a drag. All in all, fabulous bar though!
This place looked promising (and downtown Jacksonville could use a few promising places) but that's based on the 60 seconds I experienced inside after getting past Jay, the scruffy mulletted ID checker. After providing a legitimate form of ID that proved my age, Jay deemed this unacceptable and demanded something else with my name and photo on it. Admittedly, I gave him some grief about this (why refuse an out of state license?), but luckily I happened to have my passport with me. He proceeded to lecture me about why I didn't show this to him to begin with, and how it's his job to spot fake IDs.  Interesting, since the first ID I produced was as legit as my passport.  After a brief exchange I just walked away to get a drink at the bar as he continued babbling.  How dare I be the bigger person to walk away so I can order a drink!  At a bar.  Jay followed me to the counter, jerked me by my shoulder and directed me to leave.  I told him not to touch me and to explain why I was being told to leave.  He said he didn't touch me (a lie) and didn't like my attitude.  I suppose customers that exhibit calm, rational, and (this may have been where I went wrong) astute behavior is unacceptable in dealings with on-the-job Jay (maybe this is so in his personal life as well).  It reminded me of the time that Shaq got a technical for just looking at an opponent.  I sensed that Jay was challenged, felt threatened (intellectually, not physically) and ultimately defeated, so to save face and restore his ego he needed to throw me out.  The power trip probably felt good too.  I chuckled and departed without incident, leaving Jay to his doodling. NOTE TO OWNERS:  Jay, who worked the door the evening of 4/22/10 was paying more attention to drawing on a notepad than monitoring the crowd outside or in. I normally don't appreciate or give much credence to reviews that judge a venue on a single incident or employee, but I must break with my own principle in this case.  If I ever return to Dos Gatos to actually enjoy the atmosphere and offerings, I plan to readjust my rating.
So funny as I was not planning to come here when I did. We originally wanted to check out Lit, but they didn't open until 9pm. So with an hour to kill pre-show, we were in dire need of a place to hang and a drink to consume. We remembered reading about Dos Gatos. After wandering up and down the block, we found it. It is not clearly marked but don't let that throw you! The decor was great inside. Very old school --much like Jay L.'s description in his review. It was moderately busy so it took just a few moments to get the bartender's attention. He was the only one though so understandable. I ordered a glass of champagne and ended up with a split--Bonus! It was actually champagne too--not sparkling wine! We walked to the back room and settled into a comfy half-moon shaped booth. The music was  a mixed bag--all great. Even heard a cover of "Smooth Criminal". Nice. This bar has a great urban feel that is completely missing in most establishments. Can't wait to return!!
What a great place. Classy.
I loved this place, very fun.   This is a bar that feels "cool" and "hip" without feeling snobby.  It picked up around 9:30, for kamikaze karaoke night.  Pick a song at random, whatever is pulled you sing.  You can, of course, pick your own song, but then you don't get to partake of the free shot! The place has "signature cocktails".  I'm a beer girl, myself, and so I thoroughly enjoyed the $4 drafts ($4 blue moon??  That changed to $3 after 9 PM?  Heaven).   The fun atmosphere made it worth it for me.  Be forewarned though, it can get busy!
Great décor, and interior atmosphere.   The cocktails are good.  The staff were very friendly but they were not rude either.  This would be a nice place for a date or post dinner cocktail.   Dos Gatos is worth petting.
The cocktails at Dos Gatos are truly delightful. The ingredients are high-end and often house-made. The bartenders are eager to please and very polite even when it's busy. The ambiance is dark and trendy, and it can get loud. I go early so that I can have my fancy cocktail in peace!
The BEST Bar in Jax, get the Stolen Fish it is my life!
Great mixologists and a great selection of unique and tasty drinks.  Very friendly group behind the bar.  Shows at the Florida Theatre across the street make crowds hit or miss.  Awesome tequila and bourbon selections.
Stopped in for a cocktail or two before the Sheryl Crow concert and enjoyed the Red Dawn...D'lish Some drinks take a while to prepare so some of those around us were not happy about the wait...But all good things are worth the wait...Sit back...people watch and just enjoy what DG has to offer...YUMMY cocktails
Bartender couldn't handle the amount of customers and when I asked if I could get a drink I ordered 15 min earlier she flat out said "No." So rude. I won't be coming back.
The bartender's were so busy chatting with each other, that they couldn't be bothered to make a drink for me at the bar.  When the finally looked my way, they reluctantly came over and I ordered a drink.  Then, they proceeded to FORGET to make it, so I walked away. The so-called "manager" walked up to our table later and asked how everything was, after standing over at the bar watching me try to get a drink.  He was acting like a barback, but apparently was the manager.  I asked for my drink and he proceeded to say "I don't make drinks". We left.  Will never return.
I love this place. Definitely try the "Hemingway". Love the vibe I get at this place. If you haven't been here yet, u must go.
Can I give half a star? I have never written a bad review about anyone, but after last night I think I need to say something. I was sitting about 100 ft away from the bar and the male bartender threw an ice cube at my table trying to hit someone else... Well, it landed in my drink and spilled my drink all over my dress. I was drenched. He did not attempt to come over and apologize and when he did, he came over with nothing. No rag, nothing to clean myself with. He came over and started verbally fighting with me about what had happened. Hello? I am the customer. You should have lost your job for  how you handled this situation. The manager brought me a rag and apologized for his rude employee. The employee attempted to come back and apologize after his manager told him to do so.. He came back and apologized in a fake accent. I am not impressed with this bar and will not be coming back.
I used to love going to this bar. I'd recommend it to anyone visiting Jacksonville, take friends to show them how great the bar is. The drinks are among the top hand crafted cocktails in jax, but oh my goodness: You'd better be patient! The male bartender in a bow tie was snappy and rude when I asked him what he was making, and said "ugh no it's bourbon in here. It's called the emperor." 25 minutes for me to get a vodka grapefruit, from a different bartender that finally showed up. We drank our drinks, and then waited ANOTHER 20+ minutes for the bartender to close out our tab, that took him a whole 30 seconds to print on their computer. Not once did he look at us, and we were the only people within 15 feet, the only people standing at the bar. Not even a "sorry for the wait, I'll be right with you." Music too loud, snobby bartenders. Guess I should have wore something that showed my tattoos and looked more hip to get faster service.
I met my fiancee here in 2010, soooo perhaps I'm partial but seriously, some of the best drinks in town and definitely the coolest vibe for a bar. Exposed brick, great music selection, DJ on the weekend, cool wallpaper and comfy booths in the back near the fireplace -- what's not to like? The owner and his wife are very friendly and fun, and strive to make this great lounge inviting and fresh. If you're thirsty (as you should be at a bar!) go for the fresh grapefruit + basil Stolen Fish or the pleasantly spicy jalapeno margarita (get it mild, or you'll risk burning your lips off. Trust me on this one please.). There's a fantastic expansive selection of liquor, draft beer and beyond. Be sure to check dos gatos out before -- or after -- a show at across-the-street spot, Florida Theatre.
Really love this little dive bar/cocktail lounge. It's in downtown and is kind of hidden; right across from the FL theatre. Service can be slow at times, but they make great drinks. If you can get service that is decent then it will be a fun place to be, but the bartenders while great at making drinks are a bit slow to respond. Drinks are priced alright as well. Pretty clean on the inside and the decor is pretty rad as well.
Incredible craft cocktails! Cool atmosphere and great music. The staff are extremely knowledgable and SUPER friendly. I've been to Dos Gatos twice now and upon my second visit, we were greeted by name. Casey made some stellar suggestions and tasty concoctions. I recently moved to Jacksonville but this establishment has quickly become one of my favorite places!
Staff are flexible to command, ingredients are fresh and if you know what you want you can get it here as this place is well stocked!  Atmosphere is sexy low light with candles and portions are generous if seeking aged Tequilla as a route to numbness.  I caught the spirit here on a lazy Monday but can imagine weekend nights being elbow to elbow. I've no experience to compare but I'd fund it hard to believe another place could distribute better distilled libations in all of Jacksonville.
I might have had VERY high expectations for this place, since lots of local websites rave about this place and a friend said it's hands-down her fave bar in Jax. Really, though, the drinks were just . . . drinks, the same ones you can find at any place that's even slightly lounge-y or dressy -- ginger, rosemary, jalapeno accents. It's very good, but it's not superlative. That's no big deal, though. My expectations are certainly fluid and not that important in the grand scheme of things. The drinks were definitely nice. The overall taste was balanced and interesting in everything we tried and they had a fair amount of alcohol in them for $9 a pop. I'd be way down to give Dos Gatos 4 stars for the drinks and decor if they were more realistic about what they serve, but the bartenders detracted a bit from our time because they are dead convinced they're superstar mixologists. Ever seen that Portlandia skit where Andy Samberg is a mixologist, so Carrie Brownstein makes him a mixtape and they're putting in about the same amount of work? Yeah, it's taking about that long to get a drink at Dos Gatos, only it's not worth a reciprocal mixtape. It's just a decent drink, nothing more or less. "Mixology" does not excuse slowness -- even if a lot of places seem to think it does. Copping a languid look off into the middle distance while nonchalantly reaching for glasses is about as pretentious and irritating as possible. Stop brooding and muddle, motherfuckers! Unfortunately, the self-important mixologist attitudes messed up our rhythm on a couple rounds at Dos Gatos. The guy at the front door was an exception to all this laughable attitude. He was nicely dressed, made eye contact, checked our IDs quickly, made a couple recommendations in a normal tone of voice and told us to have fun. I had a great time with my friends here, anyway. The clientele was polite and even though it was crowded, everyone was cool. We had just enough room to post up and talk. The noise level was no problem, either -- the vibe was energizing without being obnoxious.
