My wife and I usually go during Happy Hour. Great beer and appetizer specials. The food here is always fresh. Love there street tacos and empinadas. They have an amazing shrimp bowl served with hot Cuban bread. Yummy. Also love there outside patio with Calypso music playing.
Bahama Breeze and I only seem to hook up during happy hour.  I've come before for dinner but wasn't a huge fan.  The food is usually prepared fine but can have some hidden spice.  I used to like spicy food, but over the past year I'm just not able to tolerate spiciness anymore.  Sadness for me. Anyhoo...I've been here many times for happy hour and they have some specials that are very kind to your wallet.  Happy hour specials run M-F from 4-6pm.  So, basically, if you have bankers hours like I do, when you arrive after work order a drink or two and whatever you want to eat immediately. Drink specials are pretty good.  Where else can I get a pineapple coconut martini for $4?  And it's a pretty yummy drink if you enjoy that flavor profile.  As for appetizers, the beef empanadas are really good.  Filled with beef and potatoes, deep fried to crunchy goodness without being greasy, and served with seasoned sour cream and pineapple salsa.  Did I mention you get 4 empanadas for $4?  How about coconut shrimp?  $5 bucks.  Do you see the pattern???  For $20, you can enjoy a few drinks, a few appetizers, and have a nice evening.  Happy hour prices are not limited to the bar/patio but are available throughout the restaurant.   Okay, enough from my inner cheapskate.  The restaurant itself has a nice patio that is really enjoyable when the weather is nice.  They often have a singer who does cover songs and plays the steel drum.  Inside is a large dining room and dimmer lighting for ambiance.  The tables/booths are comfortable and there is plenty of space so you don't feel like you're sitting on top of the table next to you.   Happy hour gets pretty busy, so get there fast and enjoy the specials!
What can I say about being at the Town Center on a Saturday night? Plenty. I saw the people hanging out in the front of the restaurant and sitting inside waiting to be seated. When I walked up to the hostess stand I knew that she was going to tell me "45 mins to an hour" and I was going to take my business elsewhere. But surprisingly she said "30-40 mins". Wow, really? Me and my party were seated in about 30 mins. I've only been a few times before and the food was good then but I saw that the menu had completely changed now. I could not pass up the Crispy Yuca Fries as an appetizer. I love yuca and the sweet BBQ-sauce that came with it made it event more awesome. My entree was the lighter portion of the Calypso Shrimp Linguine. I'm not a big pasta person anymore but I hadn't had a pasta dish in a while and the way it was described sounded interesting: "tender shrimp in every bite...sautéed with garlic, scallions, tomatoes and a hint of spice and cream." I was a little disappointed though as I did not get very many shrimp to be in "every bite". I was still very good. I passed on dessert as I didn't have the room for it. Our server Alvin was very friendly and was able to joke around with us as the night went on up till closing time. Overall, it was a great experience and I'd definitely good back.
Came in Sunday. Jaguars game day and place was a dead zone! Food came quick and was tasty. Cocktails were strong. my bae was enjoying herself. (Bae lol) I wish the reggae was a live band. Maybe look up and find the original pillypilly band! King Eddie was the man... Anyway back to the food at hand.. Wasn't trying to rhyme but did wow..
I had my first bad experience here. The drink was terrible, my rice was hard and the waitress was a bit rude and didn't bring my water. I have deduced that u will ever go there on a Friday again! I had the carnitas and my husband had the jerk chicken pasta. Usually everything is awesome but today was awful!
I've been to this location three times.  Each time I ordered the Fresh Pan-Seared Salmon Pasta.  Really good!  I love the curbside takeout too.
I been in this place a couple of times and never disappoints. Good food great live music always a goos time. My favorite dish the Tilapia with mango sauce
I had an excellent meal here, and I'd recommend this place. My favorite dish was probably the mojo-marinated pulled pork appetizer. The banana nut bread supreme dessert was also excellent. My main of buttermilk fried chicken breast was also good. I'd recommend all three dishes: you'll have an excellent meal if you choose them. Their bread and butter was also above average (thought they charged me $1 for it). I also really liked both cocktails I had here: a pineapple coconut martini and a Chelsea Martini, the latter recommended by a bartender. This place is a good value, especially at happy hour: my entree was only $13. The happy hour is from 4-6 weekdays and after 9 PM every day except Friday and Saturday. They have half-priced appetizers, a subset of cocktails at $3-4, etc. Service was good. Carly was a pretty, personable barmaid whose food recommendations were excellent. The other bartender was pretty good; he did imply I made a girly drink selection, but he seemed knowledgeable and enthusiastic about cocktails and his alternative recommendation, a "Chelsea Martini" (gin and lime I believe) was excellent. The bar is nice, but it's a mid-level restaurant (as opposed to the upscale places I've been reviewing lately). E.g. the bread I requested came in a paper bag and they charged me $1 for it; the spoon for my dessert came with a paper towel; and the bathroom didn't get the details right (it was hot, a paper towel dispenser was empty, etc.). Perhaps my biggest complaint is that they give you too much to eat. Some people may like that of course. But I like to eat multicourse meals, and normal people can't get through 3 courses here unless they share dishes. Overall, I definitely recommend this restaurant, and I'll make a point of going back. It's an excellent value, especially at happy hour. And the food can be excellent, at least if you choose the dishes that I did.
I visited Bahama Breeze after a day of shopping at the town center. We arrived just before the "late crowd" arrived, so we only had a ten minute wait. I got the feeling it gets pretty packed during certain times of the day. The restaurant is decked out in a Bahamas theme, but it was very dark and difficult to see around the dining room. The menu here is huge. Overwhelmingly huge. It reminded me of the menu at a Chili's or a TGIF. In my opinion, I prefer a small menu where everything is meticulously crafted to a ten page menu offering mediocre entrees. I typically avoid chain restaurants for this reason, but Bahama Breeze seemed to have some unique menu offerings, and their drinks sounded delicious. After being seated, it took us a very long time for our server to come to our table. Our waitress was very, very slow. Slow to take our order. Slow to come back to the table. We never had a water refill the entire time we were there. Now, to the food. I had the paella and my boyfriend had the jerk chicken. We both ordered drinks. I had the "curly tail," and he had a strawberry mojito. The drinks were very good, but I believe they were missing alcohol. They were very weak. My paella included an overabundance of peas, a few mussels, very small scallops and what looked to me like Uncle Ben's rice-you know, the red kind that comes in a box? It was okay, but it all just tasted like "chain" food. The rice was a bit dry. My boyfriend's "jerk chicken" was not quite what we expected. Jerk chicken is usually burn-your-face-off spicy, falling off the bone, and almost stew-like. This was more like rotisserie chicken with a jerk rub on the skin. It was juicy and cooked well, but it was not your typical jerk chicken, and it was not spicy. He also had the same rice as I did. If I had to rate it in one word, I would rate my experience as...."ehhh." Ultimately, the food here is all right. It's not awesome, but it's not bad. The service was not impressive, but it wasn't the worst I have ever had. I might come here again, I might not. There was nothing that stood out enough in my experience to make me really want to visit the next time I am at the town center, but if a friend wanted to check it out, I probably wouldn't object. Three stars.
This place is hit or miss.  The coconut shrimp and sauce are phenomenal, as is the veggie cuban.  Their drinks are flawless.  But the shrimp and lobster fettucini, at $20 a plate, is a sea of flavorless beige.  I was adding salt and pepper and parmesan just to be able to taste anything.  The shrimp texture seemed like they were frozen, not fresh.  This chain was good about a decade ago, but has now sadly slipped into mediocrity, and a high price.
Let me tell you about my server, Jake.  What a complete asshole.  I've never been treated like dirt by any server in my entire life.  As long as this guy works there, I won't be back. Awful service. Awful attitude.  Treated my wife and I like we were an inconvenience.
love the food here.  It's much better than the Orlando location. Drinks are good too.
Great conch fritters and love the stacked crab, great for lunch and hanging out with friends on the patio area.
Hubbo and I tried Bahama Breeze for lunch today.  To be honest, I had no intention of going to Bahama Breeze because in my mind, it's a cuisine that favors dishes with 'sweet' element, which unfortunately, I am not a big fan of.  So I know just from a personal preference, I probably wouldn't enjoy it.  Well, a good friend of mine have tried and commented how she likes some of their dishes, so I figured, why not give it a try. We were seated immediately because it was a late lunch.  The server was friendly and gave us her suggestions while we looked through the menu.  We decided to try the Peruvian Corn Cake as appey.  I ordered the Jamaican Jerk Chicken and hubbo opted for the West Indies Chicken Curry rice bowl. So the appey was a bit disappointing.  The little pancake like corn 'cakes' were a bit chewy and the pineapple salsa was a bit sweet.  I was not a big fan but hubbo liked them just fine.  Both his rice bowl and my chicken dish also came with that sweet pineapple sala/chutney.  So it was a bit overwhelming in his rice bowl, but otherwise, he liked the flavor.  When I got my plate, I moved the chicken away from the pineapple chutney (too sweet for me).  The chicken tasted pretty good with nice flavor and very moist.  So I was a fan of the chicken.  All the side items were a bit 'meh' to me. So overall, Bahama Breeze is an "A-OK" kinda restaurant for me.  Would I frequent it?  Probably not so much.  But if friends and family want this type of cuisine, I would be interested to try other food.
So my daughter wanted to celebrate her 21st birthday at Bahama Breeze and being the wonderful mom I am, I decided sure thing. The vibe of this place is nice if you are looking for a couple of nice cocktails and live music.  However, the food does not make for fine dining.  The seafood was definitely not fresh and did not taste very good to me at all.  Maybe it was my selection, but I was not very pleased at all. Again, the cocktail was nice along with the wait staff and musician.  Unfortunately, that would be the only reason I give the establishment a 3 star rating.
Chipotle Beef. I personally do not like salsa so I chose to have it without. The smokey flavor came out well with a unique blend of great flavor. My wife chose the paella which was dry and was sent back for pulled chicken in hopes it was a better choice. The second choice went well.
Came to Florida today and ate here with my family (we are from NYC) after we were starving from our flight in. It was just a random pick out of the many other restaurants around the center but we were all glad we came. I ordered the combination of black bean soup and mahi mahi tacos. They were both really good! My mom and brother both got lobster chowder soup with shrimp and lobster quesadillas and although they were good, they weren't anything special. My dad had coconut shrimp which was really good and fried perfectly. Our combination platters were inexpensive considering what your get for it. Our waitress was super friendly and made our experience one to remember. We most likely will come back before heading back to NY in a couple days! Also the restaurant is spacious, well decorated and they were playing Bob Marley which gave it a nice Caribbean feel! Glad we dropped in!
Loved everything about this place!! My sister and I were out shopping and since I've never been and she had only been once we stopped in. It was a beautiful day, we wanted to sit outside and were told it would be about a 15 minute wait. We waited about 5 minutes and were seated. And that's when the fun began!!!!! We started with drinks and the conch fritters as an appetizer. I had a Goombay Smash (I have to try this anywhere I find them) and my sister had a Curly Tail. Yummy.....both drinks and the app. I have been craving a good Cuban sandwich and my sis had the fish tacos. Again, fantastic!!! The Cuban was as good as one I had in Key West. We ordered a 2nd round of their signature drinks. Me, Parrots Punch and she had the BahamaRita. Again, holy cow....great drinks. So for dessert I had the BahamaRita. :-) The bill was less than $60. GREAT food and drinks, great atmosphere, fabulous waiter-Joseph-and less than 60 bucks!?!? Yeah, I'll be back!!!!! GO THERE!!! I actually said I can't wait to come back BEFORE I left the place. Enjoy!!
Bahama Breeze is one of my favorite happy hour spots in the St. John's Town Center. The happy hours are short 4-6, then again after 9 p.m., but the deals are great. I like the ultimate pina colada or the Aruba red beer. The appetizers are great too, coconut shrimp and wings are always good choices. The hamburgers and fish tacos are great lunch choices and ths salads and seafod chowder are dependably good.
Staff is nice and professional.  The food was ok.  Didn't wow me...The coconut shrimp and shrimp and lobster quesadilla were good.
It's good.  I've eaten here a number of times since it originally opened a few years back.  It's definitely nothing I'd go out of my way for, but when I'm in the mood for a sweeter, more island-ish fare, this is a good choice.  The drinks are very good.  The food is hit or miss depending on what you get.  I like the coconut shrimp, the crab stack, etc.  Desserts are average... nothing that stands out in my mind as I write this.  The staff is pretty good; never had a bad experience, never had an oh-my-God-s/he-was-awesome experience.   This is a restaurant that serves food pretty consistently and it's there if I want it.  I don't dream about it at night, but I have nothing against it.  It's just... there.
I came here hoping for more seafood or more Caribbean flavors but was disappointed. I ordered the calypso shrimp pasta which was good but lacked in flavor, while my fiancé ordered the lobster shrimp pasta and the sauce was delicious. We walked in the door at 5:50, 10 minutes to spare until happy hour ended. I had to beg my waitress who showed up at 6 to allow me to order a drink from the happy hour menu. After tug of war with her and manager, the waitress gladly placed my drink order, the piña colada was great with just the right amount of alcohol. I would come back here again but would not expect Caribbean flavors as the name leads on
I went to Bahama breeze with a large group of about 20 friends so I was able to taste and see a lot of dishes is one sitting. On a Sunday night we we seated within 10 minutes of arrival so that was good. Service was on point too staff seemed friendly. I ordered the curry chicken -contrary to a voice in my head telling me to be safe and order jerk chicken- and honestly I wasn't in love with it (shoulda gone with the jerk). I don't think the sweet and savory thing worked for me. The sweet coming from a chutney mixed into the curry. However I did get a chance to try the jerk chicken and it was ok. It isn't very spicy it is more of a mild jerk so this would be good for someone who can't quite handle spicy but want to try jerk. I had the coconut shrimp also it was pretty good. Breaking light and not too crunchy. Best thing I had was an appetizer: firecracker shrimp I think was the name. It was perfectly seasoned, fresh and came with a nice dipping sauce.   Overall it was a pleasant experience. I'll go back.
Hey bartender do you have scotch bonnet pepper sauce? Ahhh no. Their you have it, Its basically commercial island themed restaurant that's not truly authentic. The food was great but it wasn't like what Soul Food Bistro is for soul food. They didn't have any of the usual Caribbean rums or beers. The ambiance was kinda slow. Good for a good dinner but not a spot for the atmosphere.
Came here last night - and we loved it! For the appetizer, we had the Skillet Jerk Shrimp (which is pretty much shrimp scampi).  It was decent-sized shrimp, and the "broth" was very flavorful.  Perfect for dipping the bread that came with it.  Would definitely recommend. For my main course, I ordered the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sliders (which is an appetizer).  These were so good - reminiscent of Chick Fil A's chicken sandwiches.  (Not as savory or as moist as Chick Fil A......but close).  Highly recommend.  It comes with 4 sandwiches, good for sharing. At the recommendation of our server, boyfriend ordered the Grilled Chicken with Cilantro Crema.  I remember saying to him, "Really?  Grilled Chicken?  But that's so boring!".  Well.....was I wrong!  The chicken was tender, moist, and so flavorful!  The combination of mashed red-skin potatoes, grilled corn, cheese, and the cilantro-crema - with that chicken - wow.  Really good!  Highly recommend! We liked our server, Ross.  He was very enthusiastic and very friendly. We sat outside.  The weather was nice, and having a live guitar player there was a nice touch.  The music was NOT loud on a Thursday night.  Was just right.   A small frog showed up on my side of the table at the end there.  LOL.  There were plants next to our table - boyfriend nicely ushered him back to the plant area. We definitely plan on going back.  There are other things on the menu that I want to try - such as the rice bowls and the fish tacos.
First time here...  The atmosphere is great. I had the cheddar bacon burger and I subbed mashed sweet potatoes in place of fries. The food was awesome! The burger was cooked perfectly. I also ordered a side salad (I was REALLY HUNGRY) . It took 2 sweet tea refills before I got my salad. Within a minute of getting my salad my burger showed up. So, I had to watch my burger cool off while I ate my salad...   Bottom line: I think the timing thing was not a norm for a place like this and I will be coming again for some new flavors.
Great causal dining close. The music on the patio sets the right mood. The jerk wings are great, also try the seafood, and curry chicken. The drinks are nice too.
We were a bit skeptical about stopping in but we were pleasantly surprised. The wait was a bit long w many open tables so that was confusing. BUT the good was quite tasty. We had empanadas for the appetizer and they seemed to have some Indian inspired notes to it. Two sauces accompanied it. One was a sweet salsa while the other was a cream sauce. He had the carnitas bowl and was very happy. His only complaint was he didn't like the sweet plantains with it. Maybe regular plantains would be better. I had the buttermilk fried chicken and as many reviews state it was great. It came on a bed of mashed potatoes with cheese sauce and salsa. Next time I'd like to try the paella.
Definitely on the Mt. Rushmore of Happy Hour. Great deals on apps and signature drinks. Try the famous Bahamarita or coconut pineapple martini. The crab stack is quite refreshing.
My argument for wanting to go Bahama Breeze was it was 63 degrees outside and I wanted to at least feel like I was in the Caribbean. A group of us headed to Bahama Breeze on Saturday afternoon for lunch and drinks. I get the same drink every time I come here: the ultimate piña colada (piña colada swirled with strawberry, topped with coconut and a rum floater), everyone else opted for beer or a mixed drink. The restaurant didn't look overly crowded, nor did the bar. I was disappointed to find that it took over 10 minutes to get our drinks. When I took a sip of my frozen drink, it was delish. It made me feel (for 1.5 seconds) that I was in the Caribbean on a deserted beach, but then I snapped out of it and proceeded to look at the menu. Over the years, the menu has changed and Bahama Breeze has added a few new entrees here and there. They have a pretty wide variety of items: burgers, tacos, seafood, Caribbean inspired dishes, fried chicken, etc. I opted to start with their corn cakes and then got a hamburger with goat cheese and avocado as my meal, medium rare. I normally order my hamburgers (at chain restaurants) medium rare, due to 99% of the time burgers come out over cooked. I do like a nice pink center; however I don't like when the hamburger is bright red inside. The corn cakes came out somewhat lukewarm. They were all stuck together. They tasted OK, but not great. It took longer than expected to get our meals. When they finally came out a server brought out only three of our six meals out. Oddly enough the other meals we were waiting for appeared to be the simplest to prepare (salad, soup, grilled chicken with vegetables, etc.). Please note we all ordered at the same time. Ten minutes later, the other meals came out. I bit into my hamburger to find it bleeding in the middle. I found this to be rare (well, yes it was actually rare, but also rare because most chains don't serve their burgers with red/pink in the middle). The flavors were OK, but I had a tough time getting past the raw consistency. The bright spot in the meal was the tomato salad I got in place of fries. While we would have stayed longer to have a few more drinks, the waitress seemed to be rushing us off and got us our checks in the middle of eating our meals. All in all, I think I'll just come back to Bahama Breeze for tropical drinks, no meals. Pros: Caribbean ambience and frozen drinks and tomato salad (random combo, I know). Cons: Service and food was "meh". If I want to feel like I'm in the Caribbean, I probably should visit the Caribbean. Tips: Come here for happy hour.
I have never been unhappy with Bahama Breeze. The staff is excellent, and the food never dissappoints. Hands down my FAVORITE meal (pretty much the only thing I order) is the chicken with cilantro crema. Absolutely to die for :)
Omg my food was so good and super yummy and they have a large selection of food and drinks out door sitting and inside tropical music but our service was a little slow and not that friendly but other then that it was good
Came here on a sunday night so it was very slow. Good and fast service. The food here was good my friends and myself had no complaints. I had the buttermilk fried chicken breast (2 breast) with spinach & mash potateos and it was amazing. I also had the frozen bahamarita and it was delicious. The price here are resonable as well.
This place is ok.  The food is delicious, but it's really pricey, considering that the majority of the dishes are pasta and rice, two of the least expensive foods available at any market.  Portion sizes were good, but it just stuck in my craw that they were as expensive as they were. My wife had farfalle with salmon.  It tasted good, but it was a little light on the salmon.  I took one look at the $17-20 pasta/seafood entrees and passed, opting for a $9 hamburger instead.  It was delicious, and cooked to the proper temperature.   Other members of our party had mixed drinks--The Caribbean Sin was delicious, and the monster Cuervo Margarita looked amazing.  The seafood paella was the talk of the table, and the jerk-style tilapia also rated well with our group.   The kids' chicken tenders were also good. Service was ok, but I'm giving them a pass this time because there was an ongoing "situation" in the dining room***  I will have to go back and do another rating for the service. ***Restaurant etiquette: Dear People of Jacksonville, The purpose of a restaurant is not to provide you with a place to park your chubby buns for an entire evening.  They are there to make money.  If you don't like the idea of a restaurant making money, then you should stay home.  If you can't control your urge to shout and carry on as if you were in your living room, you should also stay home.  You should definitely not bring your whole family to take up 3 tables, finish your meal, and then proceed to sit and chew the fat (while buying no more drinks or desserts) for 2+ hours after your meal. Sincerely, The people of Jacksonville who know how to behave themselves in public. Explanation: When we arrived at the restaurant, there was a large party seated most conspicuously in the center of the dining room.  They had occupied three tables--an 8 top, and two 4-top booths. They were already finished with their meals, take-out boxes littered the tables, and they were jawing it up, LOUDLY laughing, carrying on, and drawing attention to themselves.  They ignored the "kids'" table, allowing them to pretty much fight it out whenever conflict arose.   We were seated at ~5 pm, and this group of people appeared to have been there since the late afternoon (perhaps arriving after church, as it was Sunday.  They were still there when we left at 6:45 pm).  Because of this, when we were seated, the servers appeared agitated and frustrated.  They could not turn those tables, and the squatters were not buying anything else.  At one point, part of their group left, and they were able to bus the table (which was left a mess), but they had trouble seating people there due to the noise the remaining group was making.   Basically, this group of assholes shut down the entire dining room, and no one was making any money.   Because of this frustration, the servers attacked us like a school of hungry piranha--DO YOU WANT DRINKS? DRINKS? DRINKS? CAN I GET YOU AN EXPENSIVE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGE TO START PLEEEEEEZE?!?!?!?! At no point did a manager visit the table full of rude, noisy, cheapskate squatters.  This is most likely because it would take a huge set of balls to approach a table like this and ask them to pipe down, buy something, or leave.  Even though management would be totally within their rights to do so, it would have gone down poorly unless the right kind of person had attempted it.  As a result, the rest of the dining room was forced to sit politely ignoring the monstrous dereliction of manners.  I really felt bad for the servers when we left, and I wished that  I were wealthy enough to tip them an extra 100% for having to deal with that. EDIT: I have concluded that the management at Bahama Breeze needs training: Here's how management could have handled this situation: Hey folks, I hope you've enjoyed your meal, and had a great time!  Thanks so much for choosing our restaurant for your Sunday dinner!  We hope that you'll enjoy continuing your visit in our private dining room, where I've set up some complimentary coffee and tea, plus some desserts to share if you like.  I hope you'll understand that I want you to stay and have a great time, but I do need to prepare the dining room to receive customers for dinner.  Can I show you to the private dining room?
We get very excited about large chain restaurants opening in Jacksonville. It's kind-of bizarre, but hey, we like our Town Center. You're going to get that basic experience here. There was the obnoxious wait (2 hours!) and even though we tried to call ahead at 2:30pm, it was already full. We were, however, seated after the two hours. We ordered the goat cheese and red pepper appetizer. It really was amazing. The pepper had been marinated, roasted, and then stuffed with goat cheese. Oh em gee. Delish. Other than that....meh. My salmon came with starchy soup-like mashed potatoes and the marinade on my fish ran all over the plate-bowl it was served in. Our server paid more attention to the table behind us and our dirty appetizer plate sat on our table for the entire meal. It wasn't a bad experience, but not really worth the two hours. I think if you really like Bahama Breeze or you're in the mood for fruity cocktails, this is a good option. It's a good "something for everyone" location, but in my opinion, there are many more places in Jax I'd rather spend two hours of my life.
Every visit the food and service is consistently great. Cobb salad is one of the best outside of NYC or DC. Maybe second best to the Brown Derby
Came here a few times for lunch. Being from New York, it is a great change of pace of the regular chain food. Great fish tacos and yummy conch chowder! The corn cakes are a great appetizer! Good chain food! Definitely will come back for lunch when I have the craving for it!
I came to this place with low expectations. I mean, it sounded so kitschy to me... Bahama Breeze is the name of a drink I make fun of [while secretly enjoying]. To be honest, I don't know why I make fun of that drink, because I enjoy it. I also don't know why I thought that would translate to a weird restaurant of the same name. Judging a book by another book's cover. I was so surprised by this place! There is a huge outdoor covered patio for dining with lots of different kinds of tables and couches to choose from. The inside is very nicely decorated, very woody/earthy with rich browns and deep greens splashed throughout. We chose to sit outside. One, to avoid the wait and two, to enjoy the not toooooo warm summer day. The patio is really nice. They play awesome Caribbean style island music and everyone lounges around on the wicker furniture. And everyone is drinking a fruity cocktail! It is awesome! When we went inside to leave there was no such abundance of fruity cocktail and I realized how totally transplanted onto a beachy island you are sitting out there. My mom ordered a Rum Runner and I ordered a Mojito. Both were generous and tasty. We then ordered four appetizers [small portions of them, too] to share and sample different items. We got two fish tacos, the small order of Jamaican jerk jumbo wings, fire-roasted jerk shrimp, and the West Indies beef patties. Let me just say, the portions are HUUGGEEEE! Huge. We were floored by how much food we got. The tacos are almost the size of burritos. The jumbo chicken wings are more like chicken breasts! [In the shape of wings, that is.] You get about 12 pieces of shrimp with an ENTIRE LOAF of bread. And there were four huge beef patty puff pastries! It was enough to serve at least four people. What is also shocking is how inexpensive it is. The food alone, all that food, was about $25. I mean, seriously! I definitely recommend this place to anyone. I think, no matter what your taste buds prefer, you can find something to enjoy here. I also recommend sitting outside. It's so fun and relaxing. It will definitely make you want to go on an Island vacation, but being in Florida we have the next best thing just down the way.
Are you kidding me? This place made Jacksonville's Top-10 nightlife spots? What a joke. This place is mediocre at best. There is no nightlife here. The food is incredibly overpriced, the service was terrible and it's definitely not a nightlife spot. ::sigh:: I keep forgetting this is Jacksonville, FL.
Bahama Breeze is the perfect place to get together with friends for drinks and apps! BEST HAPPY HOUR!! The service is incredible ... everyone is welcoming, attentive, helpful and generous. I recommend sitting up at the bar, in the bar area, or outside on the patio! From live music to the cool atmosphere, it's a great hangout spot. The food is delicious, to say the least. Their menu is very wide-range and there is no way that you cannot find something that you like. I'm a huge fan of several of their appetizers and small plates, just to name a few of my favorites: Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sliders, Coconut Shrimp, Chicken Empanadas, and Mojo-Marinated Pork and Sweet Plantains. Now onto the drinks ... Best Margarita (on the rocks) in Jacksonville! They will not disappoint you. Also, the Pina Coladas and Mojitos are must-haves! I have not tried all their "fancy drinks" but everyone I know who has, loves them. My favorite entree, by far, is the Jerk Chicken Pasta!! Can't get enough of that deliciousness.
As usual we enjoyed the food, service and atmosphere.  Oue waitress, Dee Dee was very attentive and made sure our glasses never made it past half. The food me and the Mrs had was excellent,  hats off to the chef. If you make your way out here make sure and ask for the waitress Ms Dee Dee, she's very knowledgeable about the menu........
Came here for happy hour on a Friday. We were led to the patio and told we could seat ourselves. There was a good crowd of people there already, a good mix of people there. There was live music being played, which makes you have to lean in and raise your voices to hear each other while it's going on, but it didn't ruin our time. The happy hour consisted of a list of appetizers for $5 and drinks for  $4. We got the coconut shrimp, chicken sliders, and empanadas. Also got the bahamarita, caipirinha, and a mojito. Everything we got was tasty and finished quickly. We weren't disappointed and if in the area again, we'd definitely be back for another happy hour visit.
Have been here several times. Service is usually good, we've had a few not as great experiences, but overall good! I always order either the Shrimp Salad Sandwich or share the Chicken Cilantro Crema with hubby. Both are always excellent! Sometimes, if we are feeling extra hungry, we will order the jamaican chicken wings appetizer, which are SO good. Probably one of the best things on the menu! Ok, now I want Bahama Breeze...
Bahama Breeze is a great place to go get a cold beer and not to loud island-reggae music playing through the speakers.  I didn't have a problem with the wait (30minutes) but I seem to eat at the odd hours.  Our service was good too!   My daughter and I split the Crab, Shrimp, Mango and Avocado Stack.  It is a stack (literally) piled high of jumbo lump crabmeat, chilled shrimp, fresh avocados and apple-mango salsa layered and stacked; with a spicy honey-red pepper drizzle.  The dish was cold (hence the chilled shrimp, but hey who reads everything) and the drizzle was a little on the spicy side.  She didn't like it, but that left more for me and I finished it off! My dad and stepmom ordered the Coconut Shrimp and it was delicious!  Imagine my delight when Paula Dean on Food TV showed me how to make it at home for half the price! The Bahamian Seafood Chowder rounded out our quick meal perfectly.  I am a chowder girl and it was great.   The wine list was good and had a choice for every taste.  They even ran out of the Chardonnay we were drinking and offered the more expensive one on the list for the same price.  I thought that was nice.  Some places won't do that. The Breeze brings a nice menu of island food to town, so go get your sundresses on and join us.
This place is a chain but the food and atmosphere aren't your your typical "generic" chain. I had the Caribbean shrimp creole with tomatoes, onion, and sausage. It was served over a bed of yellow rice and black beans and contained lots of shrimp and had some spice. I will get this again next time for sure and it was one of the best shrimp Creoles I have tried. I had some key lime pie for dessert and it was among the best I have has this side of the Florida Keys. They make it fresh at the restaurant, use real Key Limes, don't use artificial colors, and use meringue topping rather than just whipped cream. The slices are large and two people can split one. The service was very friendly, Corey is a great waiter. They had a minor issue with being almost out of key lime pie by 12:10pm and the manager came over to apologize. It turned out they did have more pies and after the mix up they only charged us for one slice rather than 2 we ordered for our (very minor) inconvenience. I really enjoyed my lunch here and will come back next time I am in the area.
It's a Bahama Breeze, but with a ridiculous wait! I am a huge fan of the Bahama Breeze chain and have been for some time.  Nothing tops the LBV Bahama Breeze in Orlando for atmosphere, but this one follows the model.  Just be aware that it is ALWAYS a 1-2 hour wait because everyone is trying to try the new town center restaurant! Also slightly disappointing was the lack of their coconut onion rings appetizer on the menu; a staple at the other ones, apparently they all have slightly different menus. That all being said, this is definitely a great place to grab a drink and have dinner.  Love the Breeze!
This place is about what you would expect for a chain.  I went today for lunch and sat outside, the service was pretty slow, I think she was just overwhelmed with tables.  She seemed to be trying, but sometimes the manager should be keeping an eye on things and offer a hand when someone needs help.   For food, I had the new Goat Cheese/Avocado Burger.   If you see this on the menu and you think it looks good, look for something else that looks better.  It wasn't horrible, but it was weird.   I had it come with a cup of chicken tortilla soup, the soup was a little better, but rather watery.   Overall, you get what you pay for.  If all the food in the Caribbean tasted like this I don't think as many people would be going on vacation there.
Gave Bahama Breeze a shot last night and it was pretty good. Went in about 8 and was seated quickly. Service was pleasant and quick. The restaurant itself was nice with some great outside seating and a DJ.  I got a regular burger cooked to order medium. It was juicy and tasted fresh too. Opted for side of soup, the chicken tortilla, was tasty.  My friend got the fish tacos with a side of the seafood chowder. The chowder was good. The tacos looked awesome, but they really needed much more seasoning of some sort. Salt helped but they still lacked something.  Friends cocktail was beautiful and was reasonably priced, a frozen Bahamarita I believe.  They do have an interesting menu so I will be going back.
Stopped here for a late dinner after doing some Christmas shopping with my mom. Great service, cool atmosphere, and amazing food. We split the stuffed zucchini, which was wonderful--very clearly freshly prepared. I had the buttermilk fried chicken--take it from me, it was some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. Hand-breaded in house, smothered in spinach and cheese, and plopped atop a mountain of mashed potatoes, corn, black beans, and a sauce I couldn't quite pin down. Mom had the jerk chicken breast--it looked pretty good too, though I didn't try any myself. Overall, recommended without hesitation. I'll be back. I checked out the happy hour menu, and it looks like they have great beer prices, too!
While on a recent road trip to/through Florida, my boyfriend and I stopped in Ponte Vedra to visit some family. I'm going to be honest here, once we sat down, and I saw the explosion of psuedo-Tommy Bahama shirts on the staff, I almost peed my pants. I really hate franchise places. But I love my family, and my aunt had NOTHING but good things to say about the food, prices, and portions. So I bit my lip. And, this is the part where I admit that I'm wrong and say that I really enjoyed my experience at Cheesy Charlie's/Chotchkie's/Shennanigan's whatever. 3 stars means "A-OK" and that is certainly what this place was. The food was tasty (I had fish tacos... SO pleased), the service was friendly and prompt, and a lot of value. It's not a hole in the wall, or a Michelin star joint, but it's definitely a great place for a group looking to relax and have some tasty noms.
While I only have 1 check in on Yelp, I've been to this location several times.  I really loved some of the B.B.'s that I've gone to.  But I've had a hit or miss situation with this location.  Sometimes the food is really good and other times it hasn't.  Same with service.   But let me focus on this trip.  We had a very good server.  Josh steered us in selecting an appropriate cocktail and made some good recommendations for appetizer and dinners.  Overall, my wife an I had a great dinner.  We just wish the entertainment had played longer than he did.  We walked in during the set.  He played about 20 more minutes and then was done for the night.  Oh well. Biggest thing to highlight is that they just revamped their menu.  Many of the favorites are still there.  There are some new items as well.
It was our very first visit to Bahama Breeze, my girlfriend and I were surprised by the cozy yet vibrant atmosphere, the helpful wait staff, and the excellent food! I ate the Buttermilk fried chicken and it was amazing plus moderately priced. I'd definitely recommend it. We'll be back for sure, although its always a tad crowded, the 15 to 20 minute wait didn't kill us.
Went here for the first time this week. I ordered a Long Island ice tea with the fish tacos and my two friends got the grilled chicken with cilantro crema with the bahamarita, and the pasta with shrimp/lobster. Everything was amazing except for the fish tacos which were just mediocre. I would recommend the chicken with cilantro crema and the bahamarita, those were the best out of what we ordered. The service was a bit slow, the drinks took 10 min. And the server didn't come get our food order until after our drinks were served so it took about 25 min just to get our food order in.
Gee, where to start. Well, my friend and I are at the bar watching the soccer game. Ray, the bartender, comes over and asks us to move over. Doesn't tell us why, just tells us to move to the right, which is next to the wall, farther away from the tv we WERE watching the game on. He had asked another couple to move as well.  The guy was clearly annoyed and he immediately told him he'd buy him a shot. Ok, so why wouldn't he offer that to us too?? We moved... So I asked him if we could have one and he hesitated and said "yeeaahhh". At this point I'm really annoyed with how rude this bartender is being to his customers. I mean really??  So this couple that we moved for comes and sits in our spots at the bar, directly in front of the tv. All the staff are talking to them, ray got them a shot.. Kept saying how he had to buy us shots just because he made us move for them..  I don't care WHO you are...You don't rearrange your bar patrons so someone else can have a better seat.  On the other hand, zack was a pleasure.
Love taking my family here.  We all have so much fun with the food selections.  Great place to eat!
When I first came across a Bahama Breeze while in Orlando, I almost let the fact that this place was a chain restaurant surrounded by a sea of other mediocre chain restaurants keep me from eating here, but I am oh so glad that I took a chance. Fast forward to two years later and I find myself looking forward to my visits to Jacksonville to see family so that I can eat at a Bahama Breeze. Their prices are a bit high, but their portions are quite nice - my favorite dish, the buttermilk fried chicken served over garlic mashed potatoes with fresh spinach and tomatoes wedged in between the slices then covered in a delicious buttery sauce and a corn and black bean salsa (oh my lord, my mouth is watering) - easily feeds two. Go into the place knowing that it's a chain, but don't expect a generic experience. This place is really delicious.
One of the better chains available. With unique and delicious dishes and a great atmosphere. Much preferred over some of the big chains out there. Not your typical grilled chicken and hamburger dishes. Great exotic flavors and options. Chicken Crema Cilantro is one of the best dishes I have had at any chain restaurant.
We actually thought this place would be nice to grab something quick.  I think we were there for an hour before we got to sit down. Meanwhile we order a drink from the bar and wasn't too impressed with the mixologist. Didn't think you could screw up a pina colada. We got the firecracker shrimp to start, thinking it would be like the bang bang shrimp at Bonefish.... not even close.  We ordered the jamaican chicken and paella.  We really liked the paella but the chicken was pretty dry.  There was plenty of staff but the way things ran was definitely not efficient. Overall, it has great atmosphere but maybe drinking lots of liquor will make the chicken taste better?
Shrimp Jerk skillet appetizer is worth the price. Large shrimp, bread for dunking. Had the new black bean burger on a brioche bun.. exceptional,  housemade. Love this place, food and service always good.
Curbside to-go service took over an hour. The order was ribs, burger ,and fries.  This is Tuesday night, not Saturday night. The service was awful, but the food was good. My rating was based on the service.
One of my favorite restaurants in Jacksonville. All time favorite: Jerk chicken pasta. I've been here a number of times and it never disappoints me.
Good food, reasonably good service.  Great for a business lunch or an evening out. I had the seafood paella, and It was great.  I've also had their fish taco's, conch fritters, and seafood chowder, all very tasty.
I have visited this location many times and one of my favorites is the the grilled chicken with cilantro-crema and mashed potatoes with shredded cheese on top! YUM...today I had the lobster and shrimp quesadilla with a house salad- it was not as big as I hoped but was very good. Also we had the peruvian corn cakes appetizer which wasn't as good as I thought so I won't order it again. My friend had the black bean soup with rice and the portobello mushroom with grilled veggie cuban sandwich...I have to say the soup was excellent! it really had great flavor...the service and atmosphere were above average. Very nice for a chain restaurant and the menu is very interesting! Fish Tacos anyone?
Go to the Town Center and look for the long line ... no matter the day there is a long line. They don't take reservations but call ahead & they'll move you up the line when you show up. Absolutely have to have a Bahamarita with some empanadas. The curry is awesome! Pineapple Coconut martini is delicious and cheap for Happy Hour.  But was disappointed in the recent entrees. Shrimp Creole rice bowl was heavy with salt and Jerk Chicken was bland. Some changes must have been made in the kitchen because they are normally great.
Food great. Service leaves something to be desired. Shocking and very disappointing.  Had to ask repeatly for menus, silverware, never offered a refill on my drink or even if our food was fine. Management harrassed bar staff while they were busy which cause unnecessary issues with service. Original bartender never check on us once his friends and 'highroller' sat down. The worst service in Jax. Gave two stars cause the food was really good. What a shame!
We went after a graduation ceremony.  We had a big party and they were accomodating and it wasn't too long of a wait.  Good service, good price, and the food came in a timely manner.  All was good and we had fun!
Because I like to live dangerously, I decided to try this place out with my mother on Mother's Day at 6:00pm with no reservations (not that they take them anyway).   And despite being told that the wait time was 2 hours (!), we were only marginally starving and the weather was nice, so we decided to suck it up.  A nice touch was that the restaurant set up free water and sweet tea dispensers for those waiting.  We were seated after only an hour and a half (bargain!) which made me feel a bit guilty because there were some larger parties that had been waiting even longer, including a guy in a full head and back stabilizer contraption which I'm sure was not comfortable.   We ordered the conch fritter appetizer that was more bready than conchy.  The gf ordered a margarita on the rocks and I had a pina colada, both of which were suspiciously devoid of alcohol.  Mom had the paella, I had the salmon pasta, the gf had the Cuban sandwich.  The paella was okay - more Cuban than Spanish with a pronounced tomato-y taste.  The salmon in my pasta was perfectly cooked.  The Cuban sandwich was encased in bread so hard, I thought we would need a jackhammer.  And here's where my biggest complaint comes in:  you'd think that, on such a busy day like Mother's Day, they'd be turning over food like crazed lunatics.  That, as soon as the food hit the plate, the waiter picks it up and delivers it to your table.  Our dishes looked and tasted like they've been sunning under the salamander for quite a bit of time.  This served two purposes: the top layer of each dish was dried out and the plates were molten hot.  I'm talking so hot that I effectively burned off my fingerprints when I tried to help out the server.  I can now join either the witness protection program or the CIA.  That is too damn hot. Overall, it was okay food in an okay atmosphere with mediocre service.  Was it worth a 2 hour wait?  No.
I went here because i wanted to feel like i was home back in the Caribbean. they have Appleton Jamaican rum and Red stripe beer so that is a huge plus in my book. The food was average at best, the bartenders were great and the service was a plus.
I had a lunch date here the other day. It was my first time here and the place was jam-packed so I was hopeful. We had the spinach dip for an appetizer, and it was pretty good. I ordered the burger and requested it cooked medium. It came out medium-well and was far too dry for my taste. The applewood bacon was similarly dry. I would have sent it back, but we were on a schedule. It also didn't help that the waitress magically disappeared when she wasn't bringing out someone's food. Maybe it was a mistake ordering the burger in light of the specialties on the menu, but nonetheless I was expecting better for $9. Especially when you consider that there's a Five Guys not a minute away.
Cool fun place. The patio was so refreshing we didn't mind waiting for a bit and getting some drinks. Try the Margarita and the cilantro chicken. The smaller portion is PLENTY. I will def be back.
Definitely one of my favorite places!! The Bahama-Rita's are DELICIOUS!! Yummmmm. The spinach dip is a must too. I've ordered several dishes and never been disappointed. The service is always good and friendly. We recently moved from FL to CA and I'm sad we don't have Bahama Breeze in CA. It's always on the list of places to eat when I'm back in town. Great atmosphere too. Love sitting on the patio with live music.
The hubs and I watched the erection of this place at the Town Center and wondered how horrible the crowd and wait would be once they opened, and actually experienced them both first hand a few weekends ago for lunch. I overheard a coworker mentioning he tried to take his wife there but there was an hour long wait , with no reservations being accepted ( they do offer call ahead seating). I strongly suggest using caution when you order an appetizer or more, the portions are HUGE and are very delicious! We tried the wings and west indies beef patties, a burger and a grilled chicken sandwich. We also had a Bahamarita and a pineapple coconut martini. I definitely felt like I had a food high when i left this place! I'm including pics to reflect portion when i say HUGE on the wings and beef patties. If you can draw from the well of patience (including waiting for your busy server) this is definitely a place to try!
As far as a chain restaurant goes, this place stays consistent. I've never been "wowed" by anything and never have I been disappointed. A recent visit changed that. A friend of mine and I came in to a semi-crowded restaurant expecting the norm  and we were going to get menu items we've already tried. Our waiter, Joe L, recommended some different things and let me tell you, they were awesome!! As far as drinks go, the Bahamarita rocks it all the way! An absolute perfect frozen drink for summer! It's sweet but with a nice presence of some lovely alcohol. For dinner, the buttermilk fried chicken. Just do it. Don't ask any question, don't make any modifications, it's heaven on a plate. Tender fried chicken breasts over mashed potatoes with spinach, corn and beans in a lemon butter sauce. Delicious. This was something I always eyeballed but never knew if I should take the jump for and Joe reassured me it was worth it. And it was. My friend got the Jamaican wings and some black bean soup, both of which were very tasty! I was really happy with this visit to Bahama Breeze. Ask for Joe L, he's nice, knowledgeable and made us feel at home. A lot of waiters are always in such a rush that they seem so robotic but Joe was cool and collected. Try out their happy hour as well; half off on drinks and appetizers!
What a delight!    Ice cold beer and outstanding fish tacos.  We'll be back the next time we're at the St John's Center.
Real fun place. I had the stone crabs that were great. My favorite is the jerk chicken pasta.
Try the Empanadas. They are the bomb with the salsa and dipping sauce. I could eat those ALL day!!! For my main dish I had the Chicken with Cilantro Crema. OMG~this dish was sooooo good. I usually have a little leftovers because I can't finish my food, but this was so good, I polished it off. I cannot wait to go back again!!!
First time here, and like the McDonald's slogan, I'm lovin' it! I had a beef empanada appetizer, followed by a jerk chicken pasta main course. It was fan-tas-tic!!!. My wife had a blackened salmon and she was quite pleased. I would absolutely highly, highly recommend this place to everyone looking for a place that serves great food
The paella was really good on our recent trip, a generous portion with adequate quantities of everything the menu promised. The bartender, however, needs to go back to the basics. While they push exotic Bahamian drinks, which are good according to my wife, a simple Tanquerey and tonic seemed a challenge: too much ice, very little gin, and no lime. We'll go back, but I may stick to beer the next time rather than overtax the skills of the bartender.
One of my favorite places. Nice mellow atmosphere and friendly staff. Real island vibe going on. I love their seafood chowder and appetizers. Happy hour is great also! Sunday-Thursday 1/2 off drinks and appetizers. And their appetizers are huge! Can go wrong with that.
Bahama Breeze, located in the St. Johns Town Center, is a pretty fun restaurant, although the funny thing is it feels like the entire place is built around the bar, and their ridiculous amounts of fruity alcoholic beverages. I've never seen a place pushing booze so hard on customers.... not that there's anything wrong with that. This is one of the few chain restaurants closest to the major area of the Town Center, so if you go on a busy shopping day, be prepared for a WAIT. Sometimes only a few minutes, sometimes a few hours. Luckily, my girl and I wanted to sit at the bar and watch the football game, so our wait was nothing. The bar area is pretty impressive. Quite a few bartenders mixing and shaking- lots of different shapes and sizes of glassware everywhere for various drinks, tons of frozen beverages being mixed everywhere, and LOTS of booze. My favorite- Sam Adams on tap. Boo Yah! The menu itself isn't very impressive... I was actually let down at the lack of selection. I believe it was only two pages of food choices... the rest was all drinks. Seriously. Mostly carribean and island cuisine, but they did have a few other selections, however I did notice it was mostly chicken and pasta. I ended up going with a bacon cheeseburger, and it was pretty darn tasty, and the french fries to go with it were some of the best I've had in a while. I wanted to venture out and try something with the island motif, but just couldn't find anything that sounded good to me... For dessert, I ended up getting an alcoholic drink called "Key Lime Pie"... since Key Lime Pie is my all time favorite dessert, I figured I would go with the drink, since they were pushing them so hard... Don't know how, but they made a drink that tasted just like the pie, even with a graham cracker crumble crust lining the martini glass. Holy crap that thing was good! Overall, I had a good experience at this place, but nothing amazing. I was very psyched that they had Sam Adams on draft, and there were a LOT of good looking drinks that were being made around me, but unfortunately there wasn't much of a food selection that would make me become a huge fan. Service was great, however, the bartenders did take real good care of us, despite the fact that they were super busy making ridiculous amounts of daiquiris and margaritas. Not a place I would seek out to have a meal, but will not have any problems stopping in again.
Average.
Bahama Breeze.... if you're going to eat here you don't really expect quality carribean food, do you?  It's a chain and the foods decent.  I'd probably give this place two stars but we went with the one year old and it's really loud and there's a ton of things for him to look at, so he loved it.  That made the dinner much more pleasurable, so overall it was fun.  Food-wise..... don't expect much.
This place seems to be declining. The service is still ok but the food seems to get worse every time I come here. On this outing our app was cold in the center and had to be sent back and the fish tacos were more lettuce than fish. Not sure if I will go back which is to bad because we use to really like this place and would eat there often
Great Service! The Grilled Chicken Cilantro-Crema was the family favorite. We also liked the Pasta Bowtie dish with the jerk chicken. I loved the atmosphere. Very clean. Lots of areas (including booths) that could accommodate big groups. Outdoor seating as well.
We've been here twice and both times, the food and service were top-notch. One of our favorite spots in Jax.
If there was a minus-star rating, these guys would get it. The service is awful, the waitstaff seem so bothered by having to actually do their jobs, preferring instead to preen, speak loudly of their hillbilly hand-fishing exploits and bringing the appetizers and entrees at the same time, etc. If you want to sit in a lovely restaurant and wonder why the food and service are so awful, well, this might be the place for you.
The service has always been pleasant and quick. It's nice to have a Caribbean change of pace from the normal Applebees, Fridays, and Chillis. I've been here a few times and never been disappointed.
Frist time here and out waitress wasn't very friendly. SMILE. I had the salmon pasta which was yum. The garlic bread was sooooo tough to eat.. It tasted like it was out all day. I had the frozen baharmita...delish!! I loved the taste of the kiwi.
Bahama Breeze is a pretty good chain restaurant. Our service was so-so, but the food was good.
Best I can say is the bathroom was nice and the wait staff was trying to be accomodating but the food was pretty awful.  I had the white bean hummus which had a funky taste to it and not much else.  The bahama breeze salad was completely boring and gave me two little slices of over-ripe tomatoes.  Bummer!
Atmosphere is good, will work if if is just you and the spouse but not too fancy that you would feel weird taking your kids there. The food is good with some nice Bahama Island flavors. Really something for everyone from fish to burgers to shrimp. Only problem we had was that we never got our appetizers because the waiter gave them to the booth behind us. Half the waiters fault, half the fault of the people who just took our food and did not say anything about not ordering it. I wanted to go talk to them about just taking our food and not saying anything but my wife would not let me, I tend to get a little heated. Really though, isn't it a little funny the waiter brings you food you did not order and you just eat it? That really ruined the mood, but the food was good with plenty of options and not too causal like a Applebees but not too fancy I would not feel ok taking my 3 and 1 year old.
Recommended by a local hotel, Bahama Breeze was a disappointment from the moment I was seated.  The service was mediocre, the food, from the conch fritter appetizer (Basically hush puppies... the conch was miniscule) to the shrimp and grits (lumpy grits - how can anyone in the South not know how to properly prepare grits!) the meal was a trial.  Would not go back, would not recommend.
Great food, but don't go here for lunch if you're on a business schedule. It was not crowded on a Monday at 12:30, but there were long waits for everything except getting the food out of the kitchen. When we were finished our meal and wanted to get our checks, we waited a long time for our server, then another long time for the checks. Even though we were adding our credit cards to the folders, the waiter left and then couldn't be found to take the checks. (By this time, we had been at the restaurant for 90 minutes for a "quick" lunch.) When I asked the hostess station for help,  they told me they couldn't do anything and returned the checks to the table, asking us to continue to wait for our server. The restaurant was very quiet by then, but we couldn't get anyone to take our money. My next business lunch will not be at Bahama Breeze. If you have 2 hours for lunch, however, maybe you'll love it.
get there early
My husband and I ate here a few weeks ago and it was delicious!! I asked them to make a special order of salmon and grits and its was awesome!! Can't wait to visit Jacksonville again and go back to Bahama Breeze!!
Love this place Great food everytime.
