I have had many services at A Touch Above including Massages, Skin Care Treatments, and utilizing the infrared Sauna. The staff is knowledgeable, courteous, and professional. The atmosphere is inviting and relaxing (and immaculate). I would (and have) refer my friends.
NOT PROFESSIONAL. If I had two words to describe this business, it would be those. However, since Yelp allows me many more words, here are a few more. A WASTE OF TIME. Okay, now let me explain. I am a transplant from California and all the well-known pampering and odd beauty treatments, like the Brazilian bikini wax, that we love. Well, apparently the Brazilian wax is an "odd" treatment here in upstate New York because it seems practically no one does it. Well, at least, that's what my Internet searches came up with. So when I found A Touch Above Wellness Spa offered this service, and at a reasonable price, I was ecstatic. It started out nicely enough. I called and booked an appointment for the following Saturday. Being a class of the instant-gratification-generation, I was slightly disappointed that I had to wait because they only book Saturday appointments, but I was pleased I was able to get booked for that Saturday. Saturday comes, and I drag my butt out of bed for my EARLY appointment. Okay, it was at 10:00 a.m., but that's early for me. I print out my directions and am literally taking the exit and am but a 1/2 mile away from the location when I get a call on my cell. It's the manager, I believe Lindsey (?), and she's all apologetic because she has to CANCEL my APPOINTMENT and it's ONLY 15 MINUTES BEFORE . She just found out and the girl who does the Brazilian is their only one and just called out because she was sick. Okay, I get it. It happens, and that's just what I said. Lindsey was nice and offered 50% off my next services. She explained they were training new girls and she would book me again right away once she found out what was going on with her one girl and these others. I wasn't exactly happy, but was PLACATED with the apologies and proffered discount. Then NOTHING. Not a further response, call, or anything. And that was more than three weeks ago. So, based on this initial experience of them canceling when I'm literally a minute away and then never following up as they promised, I say don't let them WASTE YOUR TIME. I've since, found other places that offer the service, and at slightly less.
I had a similar experience to that of the last post. My husband was coming home from Afghanistan for his 2 week leave and we were going to go on vacation so I booked  bikini wax (not Brazilian) for about 5 days before he was due home. I received a phone call that the waxing person had an emergency and wouldn't be back as of the date I was scheduled so they had to move my appointment a day later. The next day the salon calls to say they have to move it another day later because the emergency required the waxing person to be gone a little longer than originally thought. I had no problem with any of this- I try to be accommodating and emergencies happen, no biggie. I was the first appointment of the day and only the waxing person (I cannot remember her name, this was a few months ago) was apparently the only person who is present when the place first opens. She ran late and finally opened the door about 10 minutes late. Again, no biggie.The lady is very chatty and starts talking about the trip she just got back on- her vacation! Um.... so now we cancel appointments because of prolonged vacations? I was not happy with being lied to by whomever called saying she had an emergency, but still, I was already there and needed to get the waxing done. As we start the waxing I repeatedly tell her that the wax is way too hot. Then she starts going over the same areas repeatedly- a HUGE NO-NO! The pain was harsh and I was fighting back tears. I again ask her to turn down the heat and she does but then, as she turns around with the wax she just got out of the bottom of the wax heater (I later saw it was basically on empty so that is why it was so freaking hot) she SPILLS THE WAX ALL OVER MY "PRIVATE PARTS." The wax was all over the place- all over the remaining hair, all over my actual lady parts. EVERYWHERE. By that time I was in enough pain I was done with the visit. She offered to give me basically a Brazilian but I refused, and left with the wax still everywhere. As I left, SHE CHARGED ME! I was in shock but just paid so I could get out quickly. Once I got home I saw that I was totally raw on the areas that she had gone over repeatedly and had to take my husbands beard trimmers to the wax lodged in the remainder of the hair. I had burns that required a weeks worth of medicated treatment (yep, had to actually see my doctor for this embarrassment). Needless to say, I called back to get a refund. Big surprise- the refund never appeared on my bank statement. And by the way, the prices they charge are about twice that the salon I have used since then. Absolute nightmare.
