Lets keep this short and sweet, as they are sweet! Tuesdays, $1 drafts, reggae and tons of good looking bartenders. Parking are free across of Lynchs but there are a handful of cops that camp out in front of the bar. Do yourself a favor and park behind or on the sides of the bar. These po po do ask questions upon leaving. You're welcome.
I love this place!!! One of my favorite locations at Jax Beach to stop into during the day. The last couple of times I've been in, it's been a Sunday afternoon. The waitstaff is friendly, the food is authentic, reasonably priced and very tasty. I hear the nightlife is pretty good too, if you're into that sort of thing. :-)
Lynch's is always a good time. I'd say it is my favorite Irish Pub in town. It's right across from the fishing pier on 1st street, which seems like an unusual place to put a dimly lit pub but it works for them. Lynch's has all of the familiar trappings of an American-Irish pub: a wall full of beer taps (about 50), inexplicable dollars on the roof, shepherd's pie, bangers and mash and a steady stream of drunk 20-somethings. Having said that, Lynch's sets itself apart from some other Irish Pubs in town in a lot of ways. It's not over the top with the Irish theme. You won't hear corny Irish music unless it's a special occasion. They book live bands every night at 10. The staff is awesome - quick, professional, and nice enough. The food is actually really good. The burgers are huge, and they have a lot of interesting topping combinations. They are usually around 9 bucks, but you can get a burger and any beer on the draft list for $10 on Wednesdays. A lot of the appetizers like the Scotch egg and the Reuben eggrolls are delicious. Deep fried, artery clogging, and delicious. Drink prices are reasonable. Like I mentioned, they have a huge draft list. They also have some interesting house cocktails. Like the Irish trash can that's served with a red bull sticking out of the top, or the Irish iceberg which has a scoop of ice cream in a Guinness. The crowd is less pretentious than a lot of beach bars during the week, but it's pretty much the same crowd here as any other beach bar on weekends. It's right at the end of the strip of Jax beach bars, so parking sucks.
I absolutely love lynch's. It's crowded, yes, but you meet so many interesting people every time you go. There is almost always a live band, sometimes not so good. You can't win them all, I suppose. This is one of mine and my uncle's favorite places to go for lunch and a beer, the corned beef & cabbage is so good! In fact, I haven't tried one thing there that I didn't enjoy. I recommend atleast stopping in for a meal if you're not into the night life. The bartenders and security guys have always been nice, you can tell they all look at each other as a family, and try to make you feel that welcome too. All in all, this is one my favorite places to be when I'm at the beach, I live in orange park and have been there twice this week!
Lynch's is easily one of my favorite places in town! It's an Irish pub with a lot of character and is a staple on 1st Street. It's an awesome place pretty much any day of the week. They're open for lunch, and it's a popular, happening spot on weekend nights. Lynch's is appealing to crowds of all ages. The drinks are reasonably priced, and the food is always tasty. The bartenders are great. Pretty good live music. They have this cool contraption called the Party Bomber that holds four shot glasses above pint glasses, as for Car Bombs or Angry Balls, and a mechanism that drops the shot glasses all at once. Cheers! As I've been to Lynch's quite a few times, I've had the pleasure of sampling items from most of the menu. Yummy spinach and artichoke dip. Good Reubens (and I'm not a huge fan of sauerkraut). I love all of their soups, too! On my most recent visit to Lynch's, though, I was slightly disappointed. We ordered the sausage roll appetizer and the Paddy Potato soup. While the soup was scrumptious, creamy, chock full of veggies and flavorful, tender corned beef chunks, the sausage rolls caused me to raise an eyebrow. Irish sausage wrapped in puff pastry, baked and cut in half, served with mustard. But we were only served three halves... what happened to the fourth? It didn't make sense to me, and I felt jipped. And it was painfully obvious that the mustard was French's classic yellow. But the sausage was juicy and savory, the pastry flaky and buttery, so I wasn't completely unhappy with it. Oh, and there were four orange balls in the pool table o.O
I love going here early eve to get Fish n Chips. Now no smoking during dinner hours, which is great! Be sure to pick up a free LIP sticker when you go.
Great Irish-like pub with a lot of alcohol to choose from and friendly service.  I really liked how dark and dank the atmosphere inside was.  Perfect place to have some drinks during the day. Great place with a lot of seating for large drinking parties.  At night, I prefer to sit out back on the patio and kick it with Matt at the bar, rather than chillin' inside.   Music and vibe are both good. Interesting side note: They have Scotch Eggs, which are pretty hard to find.  They make them in house as well, so props for that.
Do you ever feel like your reviews are actually getting read by the business? When I wrote my review for Lynch's back in November, my biggest qualm was the SMOKE. Well, since my review, they've implemented a no smoking inside until 9 PM rule. Great job Lynch's! It really cuts down on how bad it was getting inside. It seems like since they've made the change, people don't smoke inside after 9 at all. Side note: I finally got a burger here and it wasn't bad. Keep it up Lynchy.
One of my mottos is "you can't have a bad time at an Irish bar" - Lynch's is no exception. The service is outstanding & most times you can catch great local live music. If you like beer there's 50 drafts to choose from. What's not to love about a beach bar that's Irish?
So this place was kind of weird but cool? We were randomly invited to hang out with a super drunk Norwegian regular (some of you may know who I'm referring to ...) on a random Tuesday night and we had a blast, in spite of our first impressions of this place. The crowd seemed rather bro-sy and the establishment is really weird about IDs. They check them CONSTANTLY. It got a little annoying. I remember the prices being really good, though, and the bartenders service was excellent considering how packed the place was that night. There was also a random band that we weren't aware was going to be playing that night. They opened with a Bill Wither's cover so they pretty much won us over from the beginning.
I have been here a few times while visiting, and I really enjoy it. They always have great specials, including $4 Sailor Jerry Rum all day everyday. This last time they gave us a hard time because they thought our photo ID was fake, although I am 25, showed them a military ID and a license, and have been here a few times already in the last month. Anyhow, the bartenders are always on the look-out for an empty glass to refill, and the bands are always good.
My favorite bar ever.  Love the live music.  Nothing beats LIP on St Pats!  Bar tab will always be high but you'll always have a great time!
This place has been around forever so I really want to give it 3 stars.  However, the taps are so old, the beers do not  come out cold.  The bar food is pretty good.  Especially, the fries.  Service is a bit lacking sometimes. but, it is what it is.   Trivia Night.  That is when my friends and I usually go, but we are at the point of finding some place new because most of the people cheat with their phones.  Especially the young people.  Talk about  NO Class! If you hate cigarette smoke, Do Not Go Here!  It's in the air.
Worst service I've ever experienced. We ordered at the bar and it smelled like mold. We moved to a table and the only time the waitress came by was to give us our food. I personally put the empty plates on the bar and had to ask another waitress for the bill. She rang us up wrong too. I will not be going back.
So, I just don't always pick to come here first because it's so smokey, but it's bearable. However, employees are nice and you can usually find seating pretty easily. Huge bar so people aren't crowding to flag someone down for a beer and even better, awesome music is played. Catch Split Tone here or Be Easy on week nights and you won't be disappointed!
Man this place is smokey inside...I mean its really bad! If they could put in a better ventilation system or get rid of smoking it might gain two stars almost. I went here to watch a US Soccer World Cup qualifier. Unfortunately there was a live band (they werent bad) so they didnt have the game sound on. The hardcore US fans were relegated to the back patio where they had sound on. Unfortunately it was like 45 degrees out. They did have the TVs inside with the game on too...but it was so crowded with people for the music that it was a little to hard to watch in there. They do have some pretty decent beers on tap though! So if the weather was nicer and USA is playing I would still go back.
I would give Lynch's more stars but for the smoking.  Bleech.  A cool pub nonetheless, but I would visit more often if it was non-smoking. Lots of interesting drinks and food options available here.  I haven't tried the grub, but maybe I'll check it out sometime...it's hard for me to eat in a smokey atmosphere.  Takeout perhaps? I love the Irish music and decor!!  The owners definitely tried to make this place like the real deal.
Lynch's is an outstanding place to go to anytime of day. I suggest you stop in early and grab something to eat. The fish and chips are incredible and very authentic. Plus everyday they feature a great happy hour menu from 5pm-7pm featuring exceptional prices on beer and food. Another great bonus is Lynch's is open everyday of the year (all holidays) and they have live music nearly every night!
I wrote a LIP review before and now it's gone...I wonder what happened to it? Anyway, if you don't mind shaving a few years off your lungs' life, then the LIP is a great place to chill, listen to music and play some fun live trivia.  It's so freakin' smoky though...how smoky is it?  It's so freakin' smoky that the Marlboro man coughs when he walks in...or umm, It's so freakin' smoky that you can use a LIP napkin as a Nicorette patch.  ok, so I'm not so good at coming up with witty, funny things...but it's got like crazy smoke up in there. Why do I go?  Well, we used to go every Tuesday for the best Trivia night in town...Then my friends finished their medical training and left town...leaving me without a team.  It was fun though and we even won the whole thing a few times. They've got a lot of beers on tap and switch them out seasonally so you can always try something new.  They also have a full bar. They do serve food too and I've had the fish n chips (pretty good), the shepherd's pie (also good), the chicken strips (typical), and the Irish Stew (tough and not so good). The waitresses are really nice and friendly.  The place gets packed and they often have live bands.  It's not a big place and isn't much to look at, but what Irish Pub is?  Definately more my style than Finn Mcool's or the other Irish on Beach and a nice break from the Ritz.
Lynch's is a fantastic little Irish pub just off the beach. There is always plenty of parking and the drinks are not over priced. There is a decent crowd here on any given night, but be aware that it is 21 and up after 9pm (I believe). The bar tenders are always top notch, with speedy service and a good attitude. Tuesdays and Thursdays they have trivia from 8ish to 10ish which always a great time whether your alone (time to make new friends!) or bring a group. The prizes were good too! During the entirety of the time I was a regular 3rd place received a $25 bar tab, 2nd $50, and 1st place received a $75 bar tab. Not bad for being the smartest drunks at the beach that night. This bar allows smoking indoors, so while I (being a smoker) appreciated it very much some of you non-smokers may want to keep this in mind. I've brought many many of my friends here and they all loved it. Any time I'm going out drinking at the beaches this is at the top of the list for places I think about going.
Perhaps I shouldn't write a review, because we only stayed for one drink. So, here are my abbreviated thoughts about a Saturday night: Pros: Excellent people watching, fun atmosphere, good live music. Cons: Smoky, dirty, and basically gross. Emphasis on the smoky, dirty, and basically gross.
Very good food. Very clean. Friendly staff. Great location.  My husband and I had the Shepard pie. Very tasty. Can't wait to come back this summer. They have a great beer selection.
Thank you Lynch's, for being a soccer pub; although I'm not from the area, I enjoyed visiting there recently. You have to love a pub that opens early to show matches on TV for the local supporters' groups. I only wish there was no smoking, but it's not a big deal, there's good ventilation from the ocean breeze; pretty cool. I'll visit again when I come back!
I love this place and not jus bc I'm Irish. Lots of draft beers from all over. The Irish car bombs and all the coffee whiskey drinks r great too. The Irish sample appetizer is so good. My favs on it r the Reuben egg rolls, oh dear god and their scotch eggs. If u r hungover the Irish breakfast soaks it right up. Def a fav here. The lynch burger is amazing as well. And the atmosphere is fun and upbeat. They do allow smoking so heads up but I'm a fan of bein drunk and smoking. Plus right on the beach.
Heads Up...you must be tolerant of second-hand smoke here. There are several Irish Pub type places in town and this is the most famous one with good reason.  It has the "feel" of a genuine irish pub.  Plus it's at the beach and everything seems better at the beach.   All the big name irish beverages are readily available here, the food is tasty gourmet pub food with weird names and decor and music all contribute to the irish pub theme. There are those that like Lynch's best and those that prefer Fin McCool's (within walking distance) as well as the Culhane's irish pub crowd (on Atlantic). But the Lynch's crowd seem much more loyal to "their pub".
Having been kidnapped by my sister for a girls afternoon and evening, we ended up at Lynch's.  Loved it!!! The inside is very Pub-ish with out looking like they are trying.  The selection of beer on tap is wonderful.  Never drank the same one twice.  We went on a Monday so the crowd wasn't bad and I have to say the bartenders rock.  We got to hang out with Rhonda and Jorge and by the end of the night it felt like they were part of the group. We ordered Fried Mushrooms and Cheese Fries for an appetizer and I liked the mushrooms better.  However, if you like steak fries, then these are for you.   Yes, you can smoke in Lynch's, which may not make the food taste good, but I wouldn't let it stop me from ordering more of the menu next time.   I don't know that I would go on a Weekend night, just because of the crowds.  But I am definitely going back!
Over Memorial weekend, I visited this bar twice. Home of the American Outlaws Jacksonville chapter (supporters of the USA Men's National Team for soccer), the atmosphere was great, and I had a blast each time I went. Although I didn't have food, the long island iced teas were delicious, strong, and cheap ($6.50).   I should caution about the waitresses and bartenders though. When we wanted to close out after our second visit (not packed compared to the first night we went), we waited about 20 minutes. Finally, we started asking anyone who walked by if we could close out our tabs. Two women stated, "I'm a waitress, not a bartender." Apparently only bartenders can close out your tab. We asked a women if we could close out our tab. She replied, "Sure, hold on, I'll be right with you," hugged a guy, chit-chatted, and forgot about us. A male bartender acknowledged us, but didn't close us out. Finally, a manager came after one of our friends nearly climbed over the bar so we could close out. The whole process took about 45 minutes. So, take note - if you want to close out, start early!
Lynch's, like a lot of places, isn't for everybody.  Its surely more high octane than the cliche Irish Pub--younger, hard partying crowd. In fact, there is just way more crowd in general. [This place gets packed.]  They do allow smoking and the music gets pretty loud.  Kind of more of a Irish "club" if you will. But if you're looking to get a little OOC [very cool acronym for "Out Of Control"], this isn't a bad place to do it.  Decent beer selection, good staff that's used to the crowds, and again, the crowd--a whole lot of like minded folks if you're looking for a party. I don't want to overdo it, this is far from the wildest place in Jax Beach, but its definitely not a quiet place.  You just have to know what you're looking for and make a good choice.
If you're up for a night out at the bar with every other resident in Jax Beach, LIP is for you. If you're up for a little calmer evening, but still want good drinks - make sure it's not a Friday or Saturday. The LIP is fun with a group of friends and the bartenders can pour a lot of different shots. When picking between the two crowded bars (Ritz and LIP), Id rather go to LIP.They're both young crowds, but LIP seems a little more laid back to me.
Lynch's is as close to Ireland as you can get in Jacksonville Beach.  As soon as you walk in, you are transported from the beach to a quaint Irish pub.  From the Irish music playing to the Irish inspired décor, everything in Lynch's lives and breathes Ireland.  I love the atmosphere here. The food and the service are good too.  All of the Irish favorites are available and some I've never heard of.  I was happy with my food as were my companions.   If invited back to Lynch's, I wouldn't hesitate and I'd recommend them to anyone that like Pub food and good beer.
Original Review Date: 12/11/2011 Love all the beer selections and varied live music.  Traditional Irish food served until late and great back patio and bar.  I am not a smoker, so after awhile I need to take a breather from here.  That is my only complaint.
Where do you take 16 wealthy ex-oil barrons turned aging golfers from the Great Plains to experiance the Jax Beach scene on a Wednesday night???- The consensus amongst Sawgrass busboys, handymen and waitstaff was overwhealmingly Lynch's... We had a great time, the old Okie paid the band to sing Jimmy Buffet, I paid some girls to talk to the old Texans, and then I got paid to take home the waitress.. "the way I always do.." WZ- ... I love Oil.
I absolutely love this place. During the day and at night. I really enjoy trying the different Irish bar foods they have! Each night they also have live music of all types!! Very laid back atmosphere where everyone feels welcome! Busy on the weekends, but that's with any place!
Terrible service, bartender just looked over and smugly smiled but wouldn't walk to the end of the bar. The rest of the bartenders were just socializing. Sad, looked like a fun place, had high hopes.
Love this place. Love the live music, love the beer selection, love the locals that frequent this place, love the atmosphere, and decor. Do not love how smokey this place is. It should be non-smoking. Often times it's hard to breathe in there, and you're bound to go home smelling like dirty used cigarettes.
On the search to find a real neighborhood bar (have not found one here in four years) that eventually knows your name, buy you a drink once in awhile, has things to do, and some nice people to have conversation with; well this is close, but no cigar! I will admit they have great table service, smoking with food?, hugh beer on draft selection, clean bathrooms, close walk to beach, good parking across the street, interesting menu, and reasonably priced beer & drinks. I will try it again, and maybe increase the rating.
average to good food.  Good bloody Mary's - wish there wasn't as much smoking! Wait staff was a bit slow but did a good job, I would revisit! Love the atmosphere!
Great location! One street over from the ocean! The internal environment is like a dream. Smoking is allowed, thank god, and the alcohol selection is wonderful. We had a party of 5, and were very nicely accomodated. We tried the bangers and mash, shepard's pie, chicken boxty, Scottish eggs, black and tan burger, and chicken wings. Not a bad word was spoken. The beer battered onion rings that came with the boxty actually tasted like beer: rare to find. Everything we had was absolutely delicious! The management and staff were extremely friendly and attentive! As far as drinks go, I had Jameson on the rocks and Irish car bombs.  Excellent.  Everything about this pub from the Irish accent of the manager to the music by request was a dream. I will definately be coming back when I'm back in Florida again!
I spent most of my bar time here in college. Absolutely have to love the live trivia! Nothing better than the $2 tap specials too. Call ahead on trivia night or you may be out of a place to sit. Tables fill up. Great trivia prizes! They renovated this year and the place is a lot less smoky. Although I kind of miss the dollars stapled EVERYWHERE. I know my friends and I have about 10 stapled in there somewhere. Best bartenders in Jax, hands down.
Shockingly, this was the best place on the Mardi Gras Bar Crawl. I can't wait for St. Patrick's Day! I just know I'll have a blast here. There was a wait to get into the door. I had no problem because there were bag pipe players entertaining us outside along with some redbull truck handing over free cans to keep us moving down the beach. Good music and lots of fun.
cool place friendly crowd good food - corned beef n cabbage strong drinks live music Tornado foosball table - good Tornado foosball table with terrible rolls - bad proximity to the beach - 30sec crawl. er walk.
This is my favorite bar in the Jacksonville Beach area.  When I lived in Jacksonville I would drive out to the beach a few times a month to go to LIP.  The drinks are reasonable and the crowd is mixed, anywhere from 21 and up, mostly regulars though.  They have a stage for live bands.
I don't like Lynch's. If your looking for a dirty smoky bar near the beach that you can hide away in, then this is your place. The problem is its dirty, smoky, and there are weird people hiding in there.
This place during the day looks kinda divey, but WOW was I surprised to find great Irish food next to the beach! I have been to a fair amount of so called Irish places and this one is on the top of my list.  We went in to get just a few drinks, and maybe something to munch on.  We ended up getting 3 appetizers and drinks, and if we wouldn't of looked like a couple animals we would of licked the plates clean!!!  We got the Irish nachos (better than it sounds), scotch egg (amazing), and the artichoke dip with bread!!  (My mouth is watering just thinking about it!)  I would say, what the hell try this place out.  No one should miss this great place!!
Great dive spot. Live music and trivia and my fav beers on tap. the food is also very good and you can find some pretty cute girls here any night of the week..
My son and I went to Lynch's while we were in Jax for the Gator Bowl. Being from the Boston area, I am no stranger to Irish pubs, but wasn't sure what to expect in a beach town. Well, it was a bit different from most Irish pubs I've been to in Boston and Quincy, in that there is a smaller percentage of regulars, it wasn't a bad thing. The crowd was friendly and mixed, all ages, local and tourist which was great as my son and I wound up mingling with different people while sitting close enough to be hanging out with each other, too. The band was excellent, high energy and able to play both rock and roll and rhythm and blues really well. I wound up hanging out with two couples who all worked in a local hospital. We had some laughs as the wives teased their husbands and I expressed mock shock. I even ribbed the husbands about being doctors to the delight of their wives. At the end of the night, one of the wives bought a round which was probably one too many for me. Needless to say I left there 'happy'. The draft beer selection was awesome with beers from all over the globe including some top flight beers and ales. The bartender that was serving us when we were sitting at the bar, was very friendly, knew his brews and made great recommendations. The waitress that served us when we were at a table was equally pleasant. Granted the bathrooms were well used by the end of the night, but hey, you'd kind of expect it in a pub which is that busy. I considered it a small price to pay for all the fun we had. I would definitely stop in again when I'm in the area.
I have been to Lynch's a few times.  It's very popular in Jax Beach, but I do not know why.  The music is great.  They always have a good band.  The place is dirty though and the service is mediocre.  The employees are not very friendly.  I will go if other people want to go, but I am normally asking if we can leave.
One if my favorite bars at the beach! They always have live music and great beer specials. It's a fun atmosphere to hang out and listen to local musicians. They have a great outdoor patio with bar out there too. Perfect location right at the beach
Lynches is always a favorite. We started at Poe's and we're terribly disappointed. Came in to lynches and we're promptly greeted, were brought amazing beers within minutes, and our food took less than 15 minutes. Server was really friendly and provided great service. Will always recommend!
Looks like a cool beach joint.  Just slammed a black and tan and out the door I went.  $3 for a B&T?  I'm happy with that.
Great draft beers!
When we first visited Jacksonville Beach in 2009, we asked around where do locals go for bars.  And one of our co-workers who used to live there recommended Lynch's Irish Pub.  This place was great on my books.  It does get crowded around midnight, but that's a good thing.  Who doesn't want to mingle?  My friends and I had fun here, great drinks, great food, our waitress was very attentive.  We didn't have to worry about our drinks being empty.  She also recommended the VEGAS BOMB!!!  Wow, that was awesome!!  Will definitely go back again.
This is a fun bar. Not so sure about the Irish Pub. I am a HUGE fan of stopping in Irish Pubs. I especially love Irish Pubs that serve Irish Beers, Irish Car Bombs, and play Irish Drinking Songs either on a jukebox (Dropkick Murphys, Flogging Molly, etc.) or have a live band. This place does have an impressive draft beer selection with quite a few of the Irish faves (Guinness, Harp, Bass, Kilkenny's, Smithwick's), but didn't notice much else in the Irish fare, except for the standard flags hanging everywhere. They did have a live band playing that was pretty decent, played a lot of pop-punk songs, even a decent cover of Britney Spears and some Sting thrown in for good measure. A lot of folks were up dancing, and I was definitely tapping my feet. They rocked the house without being OVERLY loud and drowning everything out. I was lucky enough to grab a seat at the bar, and the bartender was good to us- always kept our beers full and chatted whenever he had a second. They have a couple of flat screens all over the place tuned to sports and other events. This place was pretty damn packed, but not to the point you couldn't find your way through to the bathroom. The crowd was pretty fun, and pretty diverse. Noticed a LOT of older folks and older couples, but it was mostly a college crowd. Good vibe, good fun, decent prices for drinks, and as it should be with a pub and bar, you can smoke inside. I don't smoke, but think you should be allowed to inside a bar, and they let you do that here. Nothing fancy about the place- just a great drinking hole with a great group of folks. Stop in, have some drinks, and enjoy yourself.
Lynch's is a great place, with a couple caveats.  We go here every few months to grab some beers, maybe catch an Irish band like Seven Nations, or to bring guests.  On a Thursday-Saturday night though, expect it to be completely packed.  Smoking both inside and outside, and it's loud.  Great beer selection, a stone's throw from the beach, great St. Patrick's Day party, and a good place to see a band.
Fun bar!
Love this Irish Pub. sits right across from the ocean on Jax Beach. Numerous beers on tap and great pub food. Fish and chips is a must, along with the cowboy supper and scottish eggs! Shepard's pie is pretty darn good as well folks!
Scotch egg! Drink beer and hang out with the crowd. Music on Tuesday awesome! Try a scotch egg. Local pub with fun energy. Have I mentioned the scotch egg?
We love this place. The outdoor patio is great because smoke is less strong there.  The Scotch Egg is delicious and the Irish boxty was like a delicate potpie.
Great bar. Great live music. Great food. Reasonable drink prices, attentive staff, clean bathrooms. Lynches is my kind of bar. Not ritzy/snobby, for people who don't go out for the sole purpose of dressing like a skank to drink overpriced girl drinks and get hit on.
Nice, energetic pub. Great for St. Patrick's day. They have gumbo that hit the spot on one long day of drinking when it was cold outside. It might not taste very good sober, but try it if you want!
I love everything about this place. Great beer. Great food. But just as every great Irish bar, don't expect speedy service.  It just would not fit this place. The fish n chips are divine. Shepard's Pie Perfect. Wings Hot like Lava. For a special treat, try the All Day Irish Breakfast. I had it for actual breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
I was in town for two days and spend the majority of my free time at Lynch's with a buddy who is a regular. I really enjoyed myself here. Pretty damn good beer selection, awesome bartenders, great crowd, live music. Fantastic experience! So good, in fact, that I bought a Lynch's t-shirt.
Great pub food and beer selection.
Authentic Irish pub. Family owned & operated. 50 beers on tap. Friendly atmosphere. We saw a few celebrities during our visit. Great place to kick back.
I love trivia night here. Great place to drink and smoke. If you don't like smoke this is not the place for you.
great beer selection and food but way to smokey for my taste. Me and my date smelled like cigarets the whole night after coming here
Fish and chips on point. Nice for lunch. I'm sure this is a fun place once the sun goes down.
lynchs is the bar at the beach that I am leaaaast likely to go to. "why," you ask?! lynchs is overly crowded, smells like pee, very smoky, and never has good musicians play. on top of all of those great factors, the crowd is always intense : a mix of frat boys & woo girls.
Smoke aside, this place is a helluva good time. Had some friends from work meet up there recently and everyone had a blast. Food was good and the band that night rocked the house. Our waitress was a bit edgy that night which delayed our orders a bit but overall we'd recommend highly. They do have an outdoor bar area that served fast and the bartender was awesome.
Had so much fun 02/09/13 Mardi Gras was in Mardi Gras costume with my girls :)
I live in the North Jersey/NYC metro area. This past year I was visiting my family in Jacksonville and my cousin took me out to Lynches. I must say this place is great. A lot of fun to chill at. They have a back room where you can order drinks if you want it to be a little quieter of an atmosphere. However, in the front of the bar they have live bands playing that play great songs. The bands that play there are good. Being that I am from the north the drinks to me were cheaper lol. The pros as I mentioned, good priced drinks, good live music and a mini dance floor next to the bands. The only con is parking in the Jax Beach area is hard to come by. Oh yea and there are beautiful women everywhere lol.
Me and my friend traveled to Jacksonville from Orlando to visit my mom. On saturday we wanted to get some mimossa's and a good lunch before the beach and ended up trying Lynch's. The atmosphere was great! There was a football (soccer) game on, and everyone was having a great time.... If your looking for a quiet, boring place... this isnt the place to go!! Our bartender George was hilarious and was on point with filling up our drinks and answering our questions we had about Jacksonville city and the area. I had the fish sandwich with fries.. and it was one of the best sandwiches I ever had. My friend and mom had the reuben which they absolutely loved... We continued talking about our food throughout the entire day and night.   If you are traveling to Jacksonville and want a place close to the beach with a fun filled atmosphere, any beer you could possibly think of, and great food... Lynch's is your place:)
