TSI is pretty cool (only go on Saturdays). It has three areas - smoking area(main entryway), outside(hookah bar, hangout area) and inside (really loud music, dance floor, DJ, mood lighting). It's 18+ (18-20 = $10  21+ = $5) have your ID ready. Recently less people have been going so it's a little more laid back instead of wild but the night is what you make it. Haven't had many issues with guys coming up to me here, everyone is pretty respectful. Recently they cut down a lot on drugs there, The security guys make rounds to check for underage drinking and or drug use(probably why less people go than before). There is a private parking lot a block or so away from it. The dance floor area is really cool, lots of lights and loud music. The outdoor area has lots of seating if you chose to just chill and have a cigarette. Over all I like going to this place, I used to go every weekend but not as much anymore do to personal funds but if I had the money I'd still go.
Uhhh...this place is straight up for high schoolers. They have great DJ's that go there, but it's a very young crowd that goes and yes, the guys trying to prowl on girls who are dancing with their friends (duh, it's a club). I went to check it out with a friend and it gets crazy in there if the right music it on. I love Trap music and it was awesome when it finally came on...at like 11pm at night. I'm older, I got a job, it's late. Wish I had the stamina still, haha. Anyways, FREE WATER, which is great and they don't get annoyed that you keep going up there asking for it. Bar prices are so-so, nothing different from your typical bar. There is an outside smoking area where they play some hip-hop (at least they did when I was there) and you can just chill and relax when it gets too hot and gross inside. I had an alright experience, but probably won't be coming back.
I love the entrance to this club, and the multiple areas it has within. Get your ID checked, a wrist band or an X, and wander down the brick alleyway... it opens to a patio, with seating and often a live DJ playing. To your left you'll find the entrance to the indoor portion, which has a long bar on the left, and a couple of open doorways to the right- one which leads to the bathroom foyer with a cigarette machine, the other which leads to a pool table/lounge area. The bathroom foyer and the lounge area are attached as well. Wander on down past the bar, and you'll find a dance floor, stage, and more seating. I also love that they offer MULTIPLE ciders on tap, and a $15 bottle of champagne so you can look like a baller if you so choose. The biggest bonus of all? They have a wide variety of nights, from nerdcore, to industrial goth, special events, alternative, and top 40. It's pretty diverse. And... the bartenders are ALL my type of sexy. Rawr. Improvements? The whole place could use a little facelift, and I'd especially like to see the patio with a more secure cover, and ground more stabilized. Water tends to gather on the ground in puddles, and the bricks can get a little dicey in heels even when dry.
This is hole in the wall bar. It has a cool atmosphere but I hate you always have to pay a cover charge and the door staff is usually clueless. The drinks are basic and it's has usually a smaller crowd. Should check it out  for  the fun atmosphere.
I never expected to find a place this great to hang, drink and socialize in  Jacksonville! This bar is as chill and laid back as you can imagine. The night I was there, I was sipping on many a Fuller's hand pulled draughts and sitting at the bar having some civilized conversation, not having to shout or strain my ears over the really great soundtrack that was being piped in. This, I guess is what's known as a "hipster bar" in JAX, but I, not being a hipster felt perfectly comfortable here and this displaced NYC musician had no problem at all when it came to fitting in. Actually, I was surprised when friendly people came up to me and just started talking to me! That kind of stuff would NEVER happen in a NYC bar, hipster or not! The drinks menu is all beer and wine (UPDATE: they now have full bar) and Jason the proprietor really outdoes himself in that department. Aside from the above mentioned Fuller's (wonderful!), there are at least a dozen other quality draughts on hand and even more in bottles. The wine list is also very extensive, both by the glass and by the bottle and very quality based too. The prices are amazing!!! Coming from NYC, I felt like I was stealing from them! There was a spirited game of beer pong going on when I walked in and the pool tables in the other room seemed to be getting some decent action too. Personally, I prefer the north bank of downtown JAX when here. The venues are a little bit sparser, but that lends itself to more of a genuine urban feel and you'll find more interesting people who search out the unique, rather than all the sheeple who flock to Riverside and 5 Points. I loved this place and it will be a major stopping off spot whenever I find myself in Jacksonville (which is often).
Wow, this place really has character. I can't believe I've never been inside until this past Wednesday.  Cover was $5 and everyone was friendly and down-to-earth. For those Vegas lovers (myself included), walk Jacksonville's semi-version of Fremont Street, the laser light tunnel in the alleyway beside Club TSI. There's a screen with graphics and some laser lights that illuminate the tunnel. Zine-style artwork is plastered on the walls and reminded me of LA's murals in their informality and funkiness. There's a little loungey area where you can chill and relax with your taco from TacoTacoTaco before you head inside to the actual club. Inside, there's a bar area to your right and the dance area to your left. The night I went, there was a DJ playing house and techno from "Cinema" by Benny Bennasi and Skrillex, "Take Over Control" by Afrojack, and a few others. The lighting system is what our hosts calls "3-D lighting system." It looks like a pretty cool laser light show, but I'm not sure I know what a 3-D lighting system looks like. From what I hear it gets crazy packed on Crunchay Sundays. A lot of my friends have already been, but it's pretty tricky for me to go anywhere on a Sunday night.
I went here for a show and ended up spending most of the night, when the band was not playing, in the awesome laser lit entryway.  You can see the stage from a projector to see when the bands come on stage from there as well.   There is an outdoor bar as well as the indoor bar, both were kind of pricey for me.  I found the drinks to be $1-2 dollars more than I normally pay at my favorite haunts.   The pool table room is large and cozy, and also well air conditioned!  A great place to spend time chatting with friends away from the stage, but still indoors.  They must have spent a small fortune on the nice customized booths/seating.  There is also some of this seating in front of the stage. I found the stage to be kind of strange, because it had multiple platforms.  It is limiting for the band to move around the stage because they may fall down easily.  Some of the bands I saw had more than three people in them-  with the platform stage set-up it reminded me of watching the animatronic robot band at Showbiz Pizza when I was little.  No one could move! youtu.be/YUXkUSJkhTc
I give this place five stars for being the forerunners in our now [bustling] [okay, I say bustling lightly] Downtown nightlife. TSI, in it's original version, was located at 1st & Main Street in Springfield [once again, ahead of the times - before, or as, Springfield was being reintroduced to the majority of Jacksonville's residents as a reasonable, and possibly even COOL, place to hang out]. After some issues with the owners of their original building [now The Pearl], TSI moved its enterprise... Downtown. [GASP!] That was even more shocking than opening a bar in Springfield. When TSI opened, there was no Marks. There was no Dive Bar. There was no Ivy, or Dos Gatos, or Lit, or Burrito Gallery. It was the lone wolf in the middle of a desolate, barren world. And so I thank them. For inspiring Jacksonville and it's people to believe in Downtown, and for giving them a reason to go down there. TSI is known for it's eclectic, artistic, hipster crowds. They have some great shows, they have an awesome Taco stand [Taco Taco Taco] [Hello. Awesome.] and they have a very extensive selection of beers and wines. They play great music. The kind that the music snobs can all shake their heads yes in agreeance to. And if you aren't a music snob, you can come hear some great music and learn a thing or two. Maybe find a new band to check out. They have some fun arcade games, pool tables, and a truly unique alleyway. Just act like you belong, and maybe throw out a judgmental glare or two, and you will fit right in. No, no, I kid. Just go and have a good time. The crowd is eclectic enough that anyone fits in. And these forerunners know how to throw a party [ie the Black and White Ball, or the Wet Hot American Summer Party, just to name a few]. You won't regret it! [PS Solve the mystery behind the name and I will give you a dollar and a hot wing.]
TSI -- how you own my youthful heart. though i havent been there in a whiile -- at the age of 19, i used to frequent TSI every weekend & i would dance my little heart out every single saturday, but this was in there old location where the pearl currently is. personally -- i loved the old TSI much more than the new TSI, but what cant you love about themed parties like 'the wet hot american summer party.' given -- this IS the hipster bar FOR SURE & im not what id quite consider a 'hipster' but regardless what kind of person you are -- a good time is always to be had at TSI. the owner, jason, is absolutely loveable and welcoming. the drinks are definitely affordable -- ive seen some people pretty buzzed on cheap PBR night & TSI is located right next to several other downtown bars including the dive bar and marks so you can hop from bar to bar. the dance floor is tons of fun & they play the best music. like whitney w. said -- inexpensive yuengling & fischerspooner. what more could you ask for?!
(First of all, I find it odd that the only people reviewing this place are former Jacksonvillains who are now living in Boston. But anyway.) TSI is the best hipster hive in Jacksonville, without a doubt. The bar, the location and the DJs are what set it apart from its imitators. I have fond memories of TSI back from when it was in the building the Pearl now occupies, and the (not-so) new (now) location is terrific. The tunes are great and the beer is cheap. I don't really care for some of the theme nights, but other people really dig 'em. Then there's Penny PBR Night -- do they still do that? -- which was often coincided with Shitty Band Night. OK, OK, that's a pretty harsh generalization. But, based on my experience, the beer deal was the only reason I kept coming back on Fridays. But on most other nights, the DJs made TSI the place to be if you like hearing new music. As fun as the Pearl is, that place doesn't take any chances with its music selections -- how many times will we hear the Postal Service and the Killers, really? -- and it works for them: Their clientele seems to be largely teens and suburbanites. On the other hand, TSI's DJs know when to play an old favorite and when to try something new, and it usually works. Whenever I return to Jacksonville, I try to visit TSI ... or I wish that I had time to. Do yourself a favor and try it once; if you don't immediately like it, you probably never will, and that's OK -- just drive north about a mile to the Pearl. But if the dark, cavernous entrance and always-a-little-too-hot dancefloor make your mouth curl into a smile, get comfortable -- you'll be there awhile.
While TSI will happily provide another generation of Douglas Anderson graduates their opportunity to have high school reunions minus the high school, I am personally weirded out by how classy it is for Jacksonville. It feels almost TOO NICE. Thankfully, there is still inexpensive Yuengling and Fischerspooner.
Bad place to be on the weekend. Seems like a bunch of kids on drugs dancing to techno music with glow sticks. Pretty strange, just didn't find it inviting anymore.
TSI was fantastic. I was a host for a large event, and they opened the doors 4 hours early for our event. The bartender, the owner, and all who were involved were so professional and so nice - it made our event even better than i thought it could be. Whatever we needed, they were happy to provide or accommodate. This is definitely a club, but they will do anything to make your event a successful one.
I admit that for Jacksonville, this place is pretty effing solid. Franziskaner for $4? Hell, in Boston that huge glass definitely costs around $8. I sometimes miss the Art Bar because well, that's what us Indie kids would go to back in the good 'ol days, but TSI is pretty solid too. I love that it's located downtown, the outside area and that really cool brick pathway is completely rockin' and I absolutely love that the open dance space, long bar, and elevated DJ booth. All good things. I went there when I was home around 11pm on a Saturday Night. There was dancing, though it didn't start filling in until around 12:45 when we took off to go to Eclipse. If I lived in town, I'd probably spend the greater parts of my nights drinking Franziskaner, doing the Indie sway, and rockin' the outdoor patio + bar. If you're into Indie Rock or Dancey Indie Rock and end up surfing your way down 95, this place is totally worth the visit. Especially if you're catching up with old J-ville friends who learned that they need to hold your beer while you rock.
