Watched the snf game here, Great pretzel n cheese And the dry rub in the wings were great Wasn't feeling too hot at the time but the service was friendly and the game was on. Right on the river, typical bar food w Irish staples, Typically there is a wait,
This has become a favorite lunch spot when we want bad-for-you good food.  Located at the Jacksonville Landing, it's one a handful of full service restaurants that sits directly on the river.  The interior is dark wood and Irish accessories with outdoor seating and windows with a great view. Now, on to the food!  You really should try the boxty chips and 3 cheese dip.  The dip is american and mozzarella with a sprinkle of parmesan served with house made boxty chips.  The chips are like a thin bread dough fried up until crispy but still having a little chew. Hard to explain, strangely addicting, just order it and enjoy. You can sub boxty and cheese dip as a side for an up charge.  You're welcome. I love fish and chips and Fionn MacCools makes a good version but the portion is too large for me.  I get the fish sandwich with no bun and it's like a half order of fish and chips.  They also make a really good fried chicken tenders.  The pot pie is creamy and tasty with a puff pastry top.  Pass on the shepherd's pie.  It's kind of odd served in a pastry crust.  I tasted mostly mashed potatoes over the meat and veggies.   Service is usually pretty good and decently fast meaning I can walk to/from the restaurant and eat within an hour.  They do have a full bar should you choose to imbibe. One lunch they had some drink special called the fruity/tasty/something I can't remember leprechaun.  I asked for the drink in a to go cup so it wouldn't be obvious I'm drinking at lunch.  The waitress brought it out in a clear plastic cup.  Did I mention the drink was bright green with a cherry on top? Not exactly subtle and not the styrofoam I was expecting.  Oh well, it was yummy and made the afternoon at work way better.
ive wanted to come here for a while now, and im so glad this lunch presented itself! the irish theme is really well put together, and the kilts are awesome..our server was attentive, friendly and had some good jokes here and there!   I stared with a Jon Boat, which isnt actually on the extensive beer list, but when i mentioned it, he said they do have it..YAY! i was really excited to try the rueben spring rolls after reading the menu so we tried those, i ordered bangers and mash and my table mate had a grilled chicken boxty.. even on this overcast afternoon, the view from here is absolutely amazing..i could totally see myself coming here and having a beer or five and just watching the water and the people..although the landing isnt really a happening spot to be..i wish it were more populated other than just for events..it seems like such a waste of  space.. the appetizer arrived and it was beautiful! the presentation here was really on point..these rueben rolls were so good..the flavors of the corned beef and just a hint of the saur kraut..i will say they were waaay greasy but it wasnt even a big deal.. after that we had our meals..ive never had bangers and mash and figured that was the most irish thing i could order..along with the boxty at the table, which i hadnt even heard of before..its a potato pancake of some sort..but really its just like a grilled chicken burrito..and very good..the bangers and mash..i cant even begin to say how pleased i was with this order..it was awesome..there was some sort of gravy happening that was perfect, and mustard was recommended by the server when he brought it out..the bangers were banging! also it came with some baked beans, which i normally hate..these had a garlic taste and not the typical, too much brown sugar thing..very surprising and super! after eating what was probably too much for a monday afternoon, i asked for a box, and the server said..oh ..its a dick in a box! cause its sausage..LOL.. overall great experience..cant wait to go back!
There food is okay. Definitely not what you would expect from a river front restaurant. Aside from their fresh chips the rest of the food is fairly average.
I recommend getting the Lamb Shank dish. Hearty and flavorful. The meat was so tender and moist. The potatoes were perfectly cooked. I've been here a few times. We've never been ignored or treated horribly by any employee. They are always polite, joyous even. Every once in a while, a person would go through the restaurant playing the bag pipes. I love it!! They don't skimp on the drinks, either.
Great atmosphere,but employees energy level is not optimal. Maybe you are working them to much. I couldn't order a side salad but they have salad on the menu. I had to order a full course meal of salad for $9.00. Absolutely ridiculous response when i asked if she could just make it as a side. Told me that the chef took it off the menu. Waitress was very nice though. For future advise to this establishment, "your customers are always right". Please change your menu to accommodate your guests.
We walked around for about 10 minutes trying to find a place to eat, finally we checked yelp and saw Fionn Macools had the highest rating at 3 stars, we were hungry and tired of walking. The waitress was really nice and attentive, my fiancé had the bbq burger and I had the French dip sandwich, we both got a side salad (Cesar) so I'm not sure what people are eating here or if there being overly picky but for the price we were extremely satisfied, burger cooked perfectly, my sandwich was very good the au jus was really tasty and the Cesar salad A++...don't let the 3 star rating fool you, the food is really really good!!!
I've eaten here several times, it's about time I got around to reviewing it! I've been a Fionn MacCools fan since it's previous location at the beach, but I like this one a lot more! Gorgeous view of the St. John's & the Southbank, right near the Main Street Bridge, right on the water! Today I had the fish sandwich with a side of watermelon & basil salad, both of which were very good! Service was fast & attentive. This is also a great place for draft beers. Today's lovely experience was consistent with previous ones, and I'm looking forward to the next time!
Sadly, I was not impressed with this establishment. With a great view of the St John's and the big deal everyone makes about this place my visit was disappointing. I ordered the corned beef and cabbage. And although it wasn't bad it lacked real flavor. The drinks were good but a bit pricey for the amount of alcohol in them. Do yourself a favor and find a better Irish pub at the beach. Nice view there too!
Excellent food (with the exception of chicken pot pie). I was in a party of 10, 5 adults and 5 kids. We all had a great time. The food was outstanding, except for the chicken pot pie that my 11 year old ordered. It was thin and more like a soup. Everything else was great. I had the big Irish breakfast (for dinner) which was fantastic. The only reason in giving it 4 instead of 5 stars, is that it took forever for food to be served, but then again, we were a big party. The waitress was excellent, and she kept my husband's (and others) soft drinks filled promptly and often, which for him is the most important thing. The kids menu wasn't bad, and two of the kids shared an adult portion, while two ordered off the main menu. Prices were reasonable for what we ordered, although others might have been a bit high. I felt like we got good value for the money.
The best meal I have every eaten Great location. Attractive and friendly staff waiting to serve you in their kilts. The Ruben spring roll is a great appetizer . The steak was not only cooked to the perfect temp but was seasoned to perfextion. #worthit #yum #amazing
Why oh why did I chose the fake Irish Pub over Hooters? Oh, yea the blatant demeaning of women. I'd probably would have had a better meal. I was cranky and hot and wanted a beer and food in my belly, especially after the cranksy storm I had when I arrived at the burrito place downtown I was told was awesome, and it was closed. The menu, was...touristy? Like an Irish place had panzenella salad? CHicken Picatta? Irish and Italian don't mix folks, believe me, I'm from New England. Fish and chips were standard. Came with peas....which i wasn't expecting. Thanks for another starch?? They did have a nice selection of mustards on the table which I enjoyed.
I have been to the Fionn MacCool's at the beach before but never the Landing location.  I was at One Spark with my family and we were starving so we headed to Fionn MacCool's.  It was good...not great...but good. I went for a Reuben Sandwich and the Irish Nachos.  It was good and the drinks were flowing.  I just wish that the menu was a little more unique.  The service was also a bit lacking. All in all, bar food..but not the best.  I would come back, but wouldn't rush...
I've only eaten here once and it was a while ago. I know that it wasn't that impressive. I had to sit away from the music and still wanted to be outside at least for the dinner portion. It was nice and quiet and you could carry your conversation. It has a beautiful view of the river and bridge, especially at night. They also have live bands and decent drinks. It's a nice place to show someone who is new to Jacksonville or just visiting how pretty our city can be.
First let's get this out of the way. We were visiting and a person from Jacksonville told us she was embarrassed of the Landing. This is a tourist area. If you are going to be put off by that don't go. They have a ton of beers that you can order off the menu. Not all are on tap, but there was more than enough beer choices to go around. The waitress was nice, but the service was slow, she did check in a fair amount. The food was pretty good, I got the shrimp and grits and it was tasty. Don't over think your choice on this place. It was a great place to watch a football game. Lot's of people there for Notre Dame.
We stopped in on Friday night for a few drinks after the Yelpie Awards. I had been to the Jax beach location before but never to the Downtown one. It was nice to see something good added to The Landing's restaurant/bar scene...not that some of the other places down there aren't good as well, but they could definitely use a place like Fionn MacCool's to add to the allure of hanging out down there. I would like to come back for dinner one night during the week to see how it is b/c Friday night they hosted a live band outside which made it seem more like the nightlife scene than the dinner scene. Regardless, Fionn MacCool's had the right amount of casual, clean and fun going on which makes me want more!
Ate here with my sis & nephew after taking the ferry across the river to the Landing.  We ordered the Bruschetta (6.99) - Marinated heirloom tomatoes, fresh basil, and shredded parmesan cheese, served with toast points AND the Irish Nachos (7.99) - Homemade boxty chips smothered with pepper jack and cheddar cheeses, scallions, tomatoes, jalapenos, and sour cream (Add Chicken 10.99 Add Steak or Shrimp 12.99).  It was plenty of food to share and we had a really nice server that was very friendly and attentive.  I know what we ordered is not considered "Irish Food" but it's what we wanted and we very much enjoyed it.  Good place to go to enjoy the river view!  :)
This classic Irish pub fare tasted okay going down, but sadly I can't say the same for it coming back up. While another member of my party enjoyed her fish and chips, the rest of the table suffered through a chicken pot pie and lamb shank. The scotch eggs are definitely worth trying, but the sausage rolls could easily be passed up. I would give this place four stars simply for the great service and atmosphere, but food poisoning generally puts a damper on the ambience. If the food hadn't been a little off to begin with, I would attribute the turbulent state of my stomach to a freak virus or even the slight chance that the plague has returned. However, I can't help but think that this food did me in. Hoping Fionn Maccool's can redeem itself, if I work up the courage to eat there again.
This was my first visit and based on the mixed reviews I was a little nervous, but by the time I left I was a huge fan.  The service was excellent and so was the food.  The atmosphere is really cool and the view is great.  We sat inside because it was so hot, but I did notice a nice outdoor area.  The server was very attentive and super friendly.  I look forward to going back. I had the corned beef and cabbage wrapped in a thin potatoe pancake.  I can't remember what it's called, but it was delicious.
Friendly staff and quick to serve.   Nice view over the Jacksonville Harbour and great food, and great selection of beer. The interior is what you expect of an Irish bar, but the menu offer more variations that I have seen in other Irish bars in the us. Differently worth checking out if in the area
The food is really good!!! The food portion is pretty well and it has a decent price on their food.  The service is good and the workers their are friendly and has good customer service skills. The view is pretty great sitting by the river when it's nice out or by the window to look out and see the river at a distance.
Fionn MacCool's Irish Pub & Restaurant is an incredible place to stop into for a drink (or five), but it is even better to stop in and grab a plate of delicious food. My dad and I stopped in here after a long day of walking around being pseudo tourist.   We slit the Bangers & Mash. The Mash was awesome but the bangers were just a-okay. I ordered the Shepard's Pie and it was full of flavor and wonderful. I would order that again. There was a strange man playing music outside on the porch with no one outside listening to him. He was very happy. I liked the feel of Fionn MacCool's.
Beer selection above average. Great staff & that fish & chips IS damn good. English pea fritter instead of reg peas would've set it off.
What a great place! We were in town for a short getaway to the area. We walked over to this pub and had a terrific time. It all began with our server Rocky.  Rocky was a terrific server, a knowledgeable member of the MacCool team and an absolute delight.  The beer selection was vast, we aren't beer drinkers but come on we were in an Irish pub, so we indulged!  The French Dip was delicious and the real treat was the camp side dessert! Don't pass that up. Wow.   There was entertainment as well which was an added enhancement. The only negative was that I noticed that smoking is allowed in outside restaurants in Jacksonville. This was not something I expected and am not used to since in NJ then is prohibited. A fun night out for everyone.
This is a first time visit review. The boyfriend and I decided to stop in here on a Saturday evening around 8 after a spontaneous trip to Ghost Jax (uh, I mean... the Landing) and the onset of hunger. My boyfriend had been to the location at Jax Beach when it was still open, but I hadn't, plus we're partial to Irish pubs because we're both Floridian leprechauns ourselves, so we had to try it out. The restaurant had a few other small parties there dining, but it was quiet and uncrowded otherwise. Our server was attentive, polite, and informative, but not annoying. He even had a trainee tagging along with him, but he didn't miss a beat. And he actually told us the well brand without us having to ask, and without his leaving to ask the bartender. When we asked for boxes, he personally packed the containers with a tray off to the side.  My favorite kind of restaurant service! Oh, and the decor is great, not cheesy like some Irish pubs. We ordered two well whiskey and cokes, which were of generous volume and near-perfect potency. I started with a cup of the soup they serve regularly, Potato Leek. It was hot, savory, and creamy but not thick, with tender red potato chunks. Scrumptious. As for entrees, boyfriend ordered the Shrimp Boxty and I opted for the classic Fish and Chips. Neither he nor I had ever heard of "boxty," but the menu provided a handy explanation of the dish which, in my own words, is like a potato pancake-wrapped Irish burrito with delicious protein and vegetable fillings and delightfully spiced sauces. It was subtly spicy in a way that I found pretty unique. Thumbs up from a spicy food enthusiast. When my fish and chips were brought out, I had to do a double-take. I expected Gorton's size/style fish "tenders" and run-of-the-mill french fries from previous pub experiences. However, what I received shattered that mediocrity. The whole fillet of cod on my plate was over a foot in length, lightly breaded and perfectly fried to a lovely golden brown. The fish itself was true to cod: flaky, mild, and dense. The breading? No excess grease, light but detectable seasoning, and crrrispy. Yes! It came out on a bed of chips (fries), with a side of green peas and housemade tartar sauce. Fries were nicely seasoned but half of them were soggy on the outside and firm in the middle. Peas were just okay, could have been from a can. But the tartar sauce... I do NOT like tartar sauce, but this housemade dipping delicacy made me a semi-believer. Complaints: location in the ghost town that is Jacksonville Landing; half soggy fries. I'll be visiting MacCool's again for sure!
Romantic, exotic, mesmerizing and not a BAD seat in the house! Sit inside and enjoy the majestic castle-like pub with airy ceilings and Tudor-style wooden walls, or the patio with a waterfront view of Friendship Fountain and a colorful sunset along the St. Johns River. I, however, met my nirvana the night that the Celtic rock band, Seven Nations, performed on the back patio under the stars. The evocative Celtic music was only enhanced by the white lights strung in the trees and the glowing blue Main Street Bridge reflecting its ethereal glow in the river below. While Irish pubs are known for their beer, everyone in my party was amazed at the fresh quality of food and how flavorful it was,"Especially for a pub!" My personal delight was the wings slathered in Guinness BBQ sauce. [SECRET TIP: Ask for a side of Irish Whisky Sauce as the dipping sauce instead of Blue Cheese. You'll thank me later.] Another favorite was the Reuben Spring Rolls with tender corned beef wrapped in a baklava-like pastry. It was heaven! Next time I might just order that for dinner because I am still thinking about it! My only complaint was the inconsistency of the Guinness. The first night, the head was deliciously creamy like a milkshake but the beer below was flat and tasted stale. On my second visit the Guinness was not flat but nor did it have the frothy head and have that sweet, thick bitterness that makes your brain dance with delight. To be fair, my very FIRST beer was a Guinness in Dublin (during a Literary Pub Tour that I highly recommend) and it's rare to find an establishment that can pour the "perfect" Guinness. Regardless, every time I'm at Fionn MacCools I sigh with complete satisfaction in life and cannot wait to go back!
Fionn MacCool's has been on my bucket list for awhile and what better day to go than Paddy's Day. Upon my arrival at the Landing, I should have went right over to put my name on the list for a table and didn't. The wait for an outside table was close to three hours because, as the outside hostess said, people just weren't leaving. Inside, it was only an hour so I went for that. The excellent thing about the wait is that Fionn's doesn't use the vibrating things to let you know that your table is ready. They use an app and you get a text so that you don't have to hang out in vicinity of the restaurant for the duration. You can go shop throughout the rest of the Landing or take in the view of the river in the mean time. However, I'm guessing that these type of wait times are only for Paddy's Day. It was just about 45 min when the text came through so my niece and I headed over. We were given a rather convenient seat right near the buffet that was set up. Fionn's had a limited menu and an all-you-can-eat buffet of Irish food that included corned beef, cabbage, shepherd's pie, Guinness stew, red potatoes, soda bread, and rye bread for $18.99. I may be missing something on that list, but I digress. The thing that I liked most about the buffet setup is that even when I left to take my niece home and come back a bit later, I was still able to go grab a plate thanks to being given a wristband. Paddy's Day is my most favorite holiday of the year and I enjoy it as best that I can. We were having corned beef when we got back home, but I was perfectly okay having it for lunch as well. I enjoyed some Guinness Stew first, but I didn't have too much because it is a hearty and heavy style of stew. The Executive Sous Chef was manning the buffet table to slice the corned beef and he told me that Fionn's only serves Guinness Stew on Paddy's Day. It's not on the every day menu due to other hearty stews being offered, but that kind of boggles me. They could make a killing with Guinness stew alone. Anyways, I went back up for corned beef and cabbage which was the most savory corned beef that I've ever had. Our waitress informed me that the corned beef is marinated in Guinness and oranges. I know it sounds weird, but I'm not kidding, best corned beef that I've had in my life. We hung around the Landing a bit more, especially to watch the Irish dancers. My niece is a dancing queen (she's currently into step at the moment), so she loves to see and experience all kinds of dance. As it comes, I do like to enjoy the the things that come with being an adult, so I brought my niece home and relaxed there for a couple hours before heading back to Fionn's around 6:30. This is when I discovered that Fionn's has Magners, my most favorite cider in the world, on tap. They win my love for this alone and whenever you ordered a Magners, it came with a free tumbler glass. This rocked as I had just recently been debating ordering a few off of the Magners site. At this point, I was on the back patio and the crowd from earlier seemingly diminished. The band that was playing was great and played my favorite Irish song, "Whiskey in the Jar," as I settled in to enjoy the atmosphere. It wasn't a bad night save for some very creepy dudes. Thank goodness that I had a few friends with me. I know that it's Paddy's Day so drunken shenanigans are the norm, but creepy dude, I'm not stupid enough to leave my drink on the bar and if I say that I don't want to dance, that means I don't want to dance. Other than the creepers, the rest of the night was great including the green fireworks over the river. I'll have to come back on a normal day to give it a real review, but as for Paddy's Day, Fionn's is spot on.
Nice atmosphere, friendly service, good service, great spot downtown on the river, but the food lacks. I tried their claim to fame the burger that supposed to be award winning. Wasn't that great. Others were disappointed with their food as well. I'd come here for beer and maybe some appetizers, but not specifically for dinner or lunch.
Chaotic, unorganized, unprofessional, and to top it off- out of almost everything on the menus for a Saturday night. After waiting for the hostess/waitress to to get my group a table we were left mid sentences as we were asking questions. Feeling unattended was not something that we looked forward for our dining experience. We had to flag down another waiter to ask what was actually available to eat this evening. He was very helpful but we were still disappointed in food quality and service
Nice Water front dining. I had the Dubliner which was the Corned Beef Sandwich with Johnson's Mustard. I must say that this had to be one of the best Corned Beef Sandwiches I have ever had. I also enjoyed a nice local IPA called I-10. The down side to this visit was the slow service, however this would not deter me from visiting this establishment again should I ever find myself in Jacksonville again.
Waited at the bar almost 10 minutes whole the bar tender stood talking to patrons and never acknowledged us. Won't be giving them our business!
Decent bar food - we had Irish nachos, potato leak soup, a couple Boddington's and a made up Red Bull an Vodka drink.  Our server Adam was really good and we came to know he's from the DC area!
If you're at the Landing, you have to eat here! Best nachos in Jax! Homemade chips, unlike anything you've ever had. The nachos alone are enough for a meal. Do that with a cold beer and you're good to go. Sit outside, they usually have live music and the view of the river is incredible.
First, I do not provice 1-star reviews.  I am of the opinion that 1 & 5 stars to not really exists unless ultimatly earned. I avoived this place for a few days while staying downtown for work.  I travel once per month and have visited my share of poser irish pubs. This place has managed to take the cake for poser 'irish' pubs in my book.  Sure, they serve Guisness & Smithwicks (if they know now to pronounce it) but beyond the short skirts that is where the facade ends. The long & short is they hire cute girls to serve as 'bartenders' but really they are just serving beers.  It works well while you are paying and with a group that is racking up a decent bar bill.   I was there on a WEDNESDAY with 3 'bartenders' on staff.  They were far more interested in the 'Love Shack' playing on the house radio and dancing around with one another than serving a single guy with an empy beer in front of him.  THREE of them ignored me for 5 minutes while they had fun and played to the 'dudes' that were buying into their schtick.   I had to pound on the  bar to get their attention (which was a bit beyond acceptable) and they completely went from 0 to bi*ch.  All of the sudden I was the problem and they were demanding to know what my problem was.  When I explained that I have been watching them dance while I waited they became very indignant.  This way my issue, not theirs. So they threw my credit card at me and said they wanted me out of 'their bar'.  They barely let me sign my bill....i had to demand it.  I was not leaving until I had a record of my expenses at this place. The 3 'bartenders' literally yelled and harrased me until I was able to leave my signature on my check and walk out. The gimick may work on tourists but the attitude and service needs to improve.  I am sure it works because it  is clsoe to the staduim for football games but this place is a joke and needs to hire expriecnes stafff that understands non-tourist travelers.   I am guessing that is not needed in this trap of a location called the 'Landing;.
Waited for ten minutes at the bar, when it was practically empty ordered nachos and some beers. Beers came, thirty minutes later and no nachos....the bartender didn't even put the order in!!
Convenient locations in the Jacksonville landing. Really good prices. We had appetizers and wine and spent less than $20 for two people. Food is good for the price but nothing too fancy. They serve ketchup packets, which is odd. The staff was super friendly and helpful, inculding the bartender, hostesses and servers. There were two middle aged women who were smashed mid afternoon and the staff was really helpful to them, giving them to go water and making sure they could get to their destination safely. These women seriously could barely walk. All in all a good experience for pub food. I heard that their soup, salad and risotto were all really good.
I went here after eating lunch at 1pm on a Sunday because they had a sign on the street that said "bottomless mimosas until 2pm"... I thought that it would be a good opportunity to have some mimosas with my friend after we had eaten at another nearby restaurant.   We sat down, and were told by the waitress that it was only valid with an entree.  The manager stated the same, and apologized that the sign did not elaborate this hidden rule.  Because they are a bar, this surprised me.  All I heard is "give us more money".   I live downtown and won't ever be coming back.  I'm not saying the customer is always right, but at least they should honor their advertisements. Customer service was terrible.  If they honored their special, I would have loved to try them again for their food sometime for dinner. From the other reviews, it seems I'm not the only rater dissatisfied with their service.
The wait staff wear kilts, the food is good and the waiter was very helpful in making recommendations. The whole Landing area is pretty dead but this place has a nice crowd wIth live music.
The staff was very friendly for starters, but due to the St. Patty's weekend crowd  (3/15/14) they were pretty slow. It's alright though because the ambiance with the view, good music in the background and great company wasn't putting me in a rush to get out of there. Had a green beer, of course, and tried the blackened chicken boxty. Never tried it before so was expecting more of a hash brown potato instead of a potato tortilla, if you will. It was delicious besides and I would recommend the place to those looking for a legit Irish pub.
My experience with Irish culture is limited to the fact that my mom married a guy who is as Irish as one can get without actually being from Ireland.  Get this - he was born on St. Patrick's Day, therefore his name is Patrick.  He starts drinking slightly before 6pm and stays drunk until bedtime... every night (I know that's an ugly stereotype, but I can't help that he perpetuates it).  And he kinda looks like a giant Leprechaun.   So what I'm trying to say is that Fionn MacCool's could serve me a bowl of Tostitos, call them "Faith & Begorrah Chips" and I wouldn't know the difference.  I don't know how Irish chicken pot pie is, but their version of it is pretty fantastic.  The only problem is that there should be more of it for the price and that it sat under the warming lamp for quite a long time while waiting for the GF's BBQ chicken sandwich (most definitely NOT Irish) to be ready, thereby depuffing the puff pastry to the point of achieving crackerness.  The sandwich was served with highly addictive boxty chips.  We also had an order of okay sausage rolls (think chorizo wrapped in crescent rolls.)   Service was a little slow, but friendly.  And I hate the fact that the hostesses and waitresses all have to wear short, Catholic-schoolgirl plaid skirts.
Fionn MacCool's is a breath of fresh air. I am a frequent visitor to Jacksonville, as I travel often for business, but I also make it down every year for the World's Largest Outdoor Cocktail Party (the Georgia - Florida NCAA football game for those who are not athletically inclined). After being consistently turned off by the shameless and uncreative commercialism that is the majority of the Landing, MacCool's offers something a little different and I am pleasantly surprised.  MacCool's offers the traditional Irish dishes which you should know and love from bangers and mash to Guinness stew.   Not only that, but they serve the classic Irish beers (Smithwicks and Guinness).  The atmosphere also brings the pub a bit closer to home, welcoming you in. If you find yourself in the area and you require excellent meat and drink, look no further than Fionn MacCools. If you are into commercialism/chain restaurants and crap food, then look elsewhere. May the tap be open when it rusts!
Tried to get dinner before a show with 4 other friends. We were told a 45 minute wait. After that time had passed, we asked how much longer. The maître d' asked "how big" everyone was and if we could squeeze in. Guess we didn't really want Irish tonight.
eat the shepherds pie!!!
Three solid stars, maybe even 3.5! This is a fabulous addition to the Jacksonville Landing: amazing waterfront views of the St. Johns River, a clean/large indoor space and awesome outside patio. A great spot for a drink (think: cold Guinness) or food. Definitely your best spot for food of the options at The Landing. We've eaten at this location twice and the service has been good. The boxty chips are addictive: perfectly crunchy and crisp. We've had the reuben, reuben boxty (corned beef and cabbage and the fixings in a thin potato pancake), fish and chips and arugula/tomato/fresh mozzarella salad and enjoyed them all. We've started with the three cheese dip and chips, the sausage rolls (ground pork seasoned with rosemary and sage, wrapped in a puff pastry, served with horseradish sauce) and reuben "egg rolls" (corned beef, Swiss, sauerkraut wrapped in an egg roll wrapper and fried with thousand island dressing) and thumbs up all around. Haven't saved room for dessert yet.
We visit Jacksonville every year and I just had to post my five star experience at this great pub. Enjoyable ambiance and food. 'Rocky' was our server and she is the reason I write this review. She has good knowledge of the menu and dietary needs. It's hard to be away from home and stay on a special diet while eating out constantly. We had the delish Bangers and mash which was great with the caramelized onions. The Brussel sprouts, buttery with yummy bacon are the best I've ever had.
Love the atmosphere. Very pubish!   Service 5 stars. I ordered the shepherds pie. Interesting twist. Baked in a flaky filling and rolled like a calzone.  Presentation A. Taste B.  I think it was microwaved because the filling had different temperatures. I will try something else next time. Great view of the river behind the bar.
Most the time this is a cool place to get a good bite to eat and enjoy some festivities with good people.
I like this place! I visit regularly when I come to Jacksonville for work, and haven't been disappointed yet. The food is uncommonly good, beyond the average Irish pub grub, and the beer selection on tap is outstanding.  I appreciate that the majority of the bartenders are informed about what's on tap, and can make recommendations as well as speak about most of what they have.  The staff is, with rare exception, very friendly and attentive. The setting is very pleasant as well; the interior is well-done with some hints that you could be in Europe and the exterior offers seating very close to the riverside, just at the foot of one of Jacksonville's many bridges. A favorite feature of mine:  there's frequently soccer playing on some of the televisions there, and they are happy to put the match on the TV nearest your seat.  Of course, if soccer's not your thing, they will put on pretty much whatever you like on the numerous screens they have. Enjoy!
A pseudo "Irish" pub. Stopped in here for some drinks and lunch after checking into our hotel down the street. The bartender was attentive and gregarious. Unfortunately their Guinness draft was not. It seemed watered down. There was no heft or heaviness to it. There was no cascade. Guinness drinkers will know what I'm talking about. An "Irish" bar that can't pour you a good Guinness is not an Irish bar in my book. As for the food. I had the Scotch Egg for an appetizer. Never had one before. It was great. A hard boiled egg wrapped in a seasoned sausage breading and fried. Served with a creamy mustard. Very tasty. For the main course I had the Blackened Chicken Boxty. It looked like a burrito to me. It was okay. My buddy had the Sheppard's Pie. Now, a traditional Sheppard's pie is served in a dish, with lots of ground meat and vegetables and covered in mashed potatoes. This "Sheppard's Pie" looked like an empanada and hardly had any meat. Poor. My other buddy had a Guinness Burger. He said it was okay. Not much to rave about here. Also, we found out later a murder had been committed in their men's room two months prior.....Confirmed......Scary.
Please place an asterisk next to this review because, while I've walked pass this place many times, I've only gone in once for a couple of beers at the bar. This review is based solely on that one experience. But when I sat at the beer, I very much enjoyed how hilarious and personable the bartender was. He poured me two perfect beers which I enjoyed. I also noticed that he was wisecracking with the two ladies down the bar from me, which means he has a great personality for this job. I went to the MacCool's bar very very late one night. It had to be close to 1 a.m. (or maybe it was midnight, whatever, that's not the point) The point is, I enjoyed myself because of the restaurant lengthy beer selection and because it was very quiet there. Whenever I normally walk pass, it's just too noisy and too crowded for me to enjoy myself. It almost comes off like Burro Bar in its crowdedness. That's why I've tended to stay away from this place. At some point, I'm going to actually sit down and have food there and maybe expand this review.
Forgot my bag lunch, so went out to lunch today.  Not particularly crowded.  Had the fish and chips with peas on the side (touted as a popular choice in the menu), but was not overly impressed.  As my colleague noted, the fish was: "obviously frozen".  Portion was large enough - no one went hungry.  Iced tea, unsweetened, of course.  The waitress didn't just assume I wanted sweetened tea, which I realize is the mode here, but it's nice when people don't assume.  In short, food was not spectacular.  Lunch came to about $12 for the fish and $3 for the tea, or roughly $15 in total, plus tip.  I think you can do better if you try.   Atmosphere?  This was lunch on a weekday in a place that clearly is meant for happy-hour, more bar than restaurant (It even smells that way when you walk in, a faint odor of beer, and soap).  A bit of 'heigh-dy, heigh-dy' Irish (?) folk music on the box, but easy to maintain a conversation over top of it.  Would I go again?  Sure.  Will this place last?  Maybe - if enough visitors walk through this part of town, but I'm thinking that people that work downtown will know better places.
Food is just okay.  Service is not so good, although waiter was friendly enough. Over an hour to get our meals. However when no one noticed a homeless guy walking through from the river walk asking customers for money, well what's up with that?
Nope.
The fish and chips were delicious, and I got my food in a timely manner. I liked that they had so many beers on tap as well. Great view of the water while eating, and a casual but comfortable setting. Definitely would come back again to eat!
As I write this I am doubled over in stomach cramps. As the meal I had Sunday, Nov. 11th at this place is the only one I've had out in the last week, and I get all my other food from Publix where I've never had a problem, logical analysis points to food poisoning. Not many people order lamb shank, (I'd never order it there again regardless of possible poisioning).  Oh, and my guest had....well I'm not sure what it was but wrapping corned beef and cabbage in a tortilla...I mean really. So I'm on the phone later today today with the manager...and a e mail to the health inspector.  I've been asked about ambiance in my reviews...Oh the ambiance is great, I love irish music! The location is great (except for the occasional killings, robberies, and fights that go on at the landing) I still go down there..guardedly. What would I order? Irish whiskey...and thats it. I'll keep ya'll posted. UPDATE: Carrie, Manager at McCool's; "I'm very sorry you are not feeling well".
Food is good, service is HORRIBLE.   I'm pretty sure they just threw a couple of kids (with no restaurant/bartending experience) behind the bar and told them to figure it out.
Love this place! Great alternative to having to drive it to Ja Beach for a quick beer and dinner!
I loved our waiter at Finn Maccool's which is the only reason I am giving it three stars. If this review was for food it would be a one star.  I was there on the weekend of the Scottish Soccer game, so the restaurant was super crowded. Well, my peas were cold and definitely from a can. The fries from my fish and chips were cold. I guess I was rolling the dice and I ate the fish, because it was warm. Of course, that was a mistake. Luckily I always carry a probiotic with me and I was okay after taking that.  I love the view of the river from Maccool's and will be back but only for a drink and to see the view.
This is a good place to grab a bite to eat if you need some grub while wondering the Landings.  I don't know that it would be a destination location.  The food was ok, but the bar area was cool.  We will probably be back for the booze more than the food.
I have been all over Ireland and I will admit this is a fantasy edition of an Irish pub, never the less, I think it is worth a try.  The view from the outside seating is a great one of the river and drinking a Smithwick while looking at activity on a body of water always takes me back mentally to Ireland.  We had their shrimp boxty and the Dubliner sandwich and enjoyed them both.  I walked down here from the Riverside Arts Market and found the walk to be very scenic and good excercise, there is also a water taxi that connects the two venues on Saturdays.
Ususally the place we like to eat if we go to the landing. They have a great beer selection and the portions are huge, the view is one of the best on the river. I had the fish and chips, it was ok. My wife had the boxty which was new to us both and it was great. I still crave it now and again. Service is great, and the atmosphere is always fun.
Great service, great drink deals and great people! This place is awesome. The waitstaff and management treat their work as more than a job. They are always excited to sing and dance with the patrons and just have fun. Love the atmosphere! The food is great, too!
In Jacksonville for a conference and MacCools was one of the only places open for a late Sunday dinner.  The service was good and they have a pretty good selection of beer.  Opted for the local brews and they were pretty good.  Since the conference was next door, we found ourselves there a lot for beer-thirty.  The lox appetizer was great as well as the bangers and mash.  I would not recommend the turtle brownie. Way to sweet and too much cinnamon for my taste.
Some of the so-called music played at this place is completely inappropriate, insulting and not conducive to be listened to while dining.
