I've always liked the Avenues Mall. When I don't feel like walking a million miles, or dealing with the crowd at the Town Center, I head this way. Having a game plan and knowing what stores you want to hit, or miss, is key. Then you can park close to your destination (parking is usually not too bad.) I have been a fan of Dillards and Express for quite a awhile, and both stores are easy to get to. Tip! I always park in the back, since the front angled parking can get a little funky. I do have to laugh at the mall cops on their segways... but I guess at least there are a few security guards on hand to keep us safe. Other than my personal faves, there are the usual mall brands representing, so pretty much any store you need is going to be there.
Avenues sometimes is hit and miss. Obviously town centre is more of the place to be but when it's raining or hotter than a mother outside I'm down to go to the Avenues. I've noticed though throughout my time visiting back and forth from Vegas to Jax that a lot of stores are in and out... And the crowd at the avenues has gotten kinda "rough" Avenues is definitely still way better than OP and Regency (if that mall still even exist) but it seems for shopping needs St Johns Town Centre and Avenues are still the places to be.
This is my favorite indoor mall in the Jacksonville area. It's not so awesome on the outside on some parts of it, but I love the inside. The way this mall was built makes it look much bigger than it is. The style of the building inside is also really chic and classy. The variety of stores that are offered in this mall are really great. Most of the popular stores you're looking for are here, and more! I LOVE the little specialty stores like Teavana and LUSH, something I don't have to go and try to find at St. John's Town Center. Even the food court offers variety (love the Cinnabon and Chick Fil A). This mall is very clean and well kept, great for families, and is for all price ranges!
I have been coming to this mall since it opened and I was a teenager now it's funny my teenage daughter and her friends shop/hangout there. When we go we fight Teavana or French Fry Heaven first! Great selection of stores not as pricey as the town center. Food court good selection. Nail salon upstairs by Sears does awesome nails at good prices. Only thing I never understood was no theater but loved the mall so much it was no big deal just drove down the street to the one on Phillips or Tensil Town up the street.
The Manager and employees at MAC always have a bad additude. Make nasty faces or no eye contact at all. It's hard to have good experience in this store. They judge you right away. I wish they would have a closer location in orange park, Maybe the mall. Hope the Mac higher ups read this review. And maybe review thier Staff choices in the area. Horrible.  FYI Go to town center better service.
I have managed to avoid the "mall" since moving to Jacksonville a few years ago but an online order that disappointed forced me to come to the Avenues for the first time to do an exchange.  The mall itself feels old, but then, most indoor malls do these days.  Overall, there is enough selection of stores to make this a worthwhile shopping trip.
I know all the rave now is about the St. John's Town Centre.  But when it's raining or when it's 100 degrees outside, I come to The Avenues.  Then there are times when I just don't feel like driving to the Town Centre, so I choose The Avenues instead. All my main "staple" stores are here like Dillards, Belk, MAC, Coach, Bath & Body, and Artsy Abode (where I can get my Pandora charms and bracelets).  They have a new cool local store called Catwalk which has a little bit of everything...  you should definitely check that place out.  And of course they have all of hubby's "staple" stores like Foot Locker, Gamestop, and American Eagle. Tons and tons of other stores too.  They even now have a Lush here!  Yay!  And we don't just stick to our "Staple" stores either, when we're here, we tend to wander from store to store.  There's definitely something here for everyone. As other have mentioned, they have a great food court upstairs.  Plenty of options to choose from with plenty of seating. I love that there is an actual parking garage where Dillards is located.  So when it's raining, you can avoid the rain all together.  There's no charge for parking in the garage either.   The mall has been very well maintained over the years.  It's nice, clean, and believe it or not, still shiny.  It almost looks new once you're inside.  Hard to believe it's been here for as long as it has.... about 24 years. Great place to shop as an alternative to The Town Centre.  So don't forget The Avenues is here!  Especially when it's hot and/or raining!
Very clean. You will find everything you need.
Went here after eating at the Loop so my wifw could look for a nice dress for work. She found it at Belks. The mall is very neat and well maintained with just about every store imaginable.
This mall is middle of the road as far as Jacksonville goes (I'd put OP Mall and Regency below it and the Town Center above it). Lately it seems the stores move in and out a lot but it also has some spots that have few (or zero) other locations in town (Forever 21, Lush, Natural Life, Disney Store, a few food court places, etc). Parking is pretty good unless it's Christmas time. They always have Santa, the Easter bunny, etc at the holidays. They have a decent sized kids play area and a train that rides around the mall, too. I worked in a kiosk in the mall over a year ago and I will say, there are lots of security guards always around and despite it being such a busy mall, I've never felt concerned about safety or anything like that. The Avenues Mall is a good place to get a lot of shopping done in one spot.
The avenues is LITERALLY your one stop shop to the world! not to mention one of the biggest Interior mall (Town Center being the largest by sq inch). From all of your favorite places like Express, Victoria Secret, Forever 21, all the way down to your classier locales like Mac, you will DEFINITELY find what you are looking for here, I frequent here being 5 minutes away from my workplace, I thoroughly enjoy the upper-class feel of having 2 levels of shops as well as the cleanliness and upkept feel that is incomparable to its sister mall @ Regency. If you have ever visited the massive Galleria Mall in Birmingham, Alabama, this is as close as a replica as you will get in Jacksonville, I would definitely place this as 2nd place of the malls in jacksonville, Town Center being in first, respectively. But if youre looking to do something from simple shopping, gifts for family of a loved one or anything typically non expensive, this will be your sweet spot, if youre looking for more of a variety, i would definitely plan for a visit Town Center which is by far one of the finest foundational investments in Jacksonville. 4/5
This mall is not in my top 3, but definitely one of nicer malls in Jacksonville. They have your go-to stores like Victoria Secrets, M.A.C, Foot Locker, Sears.. Places you find in mostly every mall. They do not have a Champs (which I prefer), but they have Kids & Lady Foot Locker also. I guess that is supposed to make up for it. There are many stores that I have never heard of that seem to be EXTREMELY over priced. Most of the items looked liked they could be found at a flea market or Marshall & were priced around 75- 80 dollars. The quality wasn't even there. Not many stores for the male stereotype. Now they do have a Cinnabon, which I was excited to see! Not many malls have them. The food court is a decent size, not the biggest one I've been to but it suits the mall.    Sabbaro (excuse me if I misspelled it) is about the only place that I would eat. Also the mall has T.G.I.Friday which offers an Happy Hour & Buffalo Wild Wings who has wings specials on Tuesdays & Thursdays. Sports bars, so great place to watch the games. It not a very crowded mall, but I've seen more people during the holidays & in the summer.. Probably because kids are out of school. There is no movie theater in the mall so (it's down the street), so the teens are just walking around mostly. Not a place that I would recommend to come & expect high quality & fashion, but it's a good one-stop/ in & out mall.
The Avenues was THE place I wanted to go when I was a teenager. It had all the cool stores, a good food court and was just a cool place to hang out. And then along came St. Johns Town Center. Like everyone else talks about, SJTC garnered all the attention and seemed to keep the people coming back. I have had a few opportunities to venture back to the Avenues and I can see that they are definitely trying to stay competitive. While SJTC will probably be my first choice for some time, I won't be so quick to dismiss the Avenues in the future.
What?!! A coffee shop with no decaf....I f you don't want to brew a whole pot, get a Keurig and brew individual cups.
This mall has everything you need. It's one of my favorites. I've grown up coming to this mall.
The nicest and largest indoor mall in Jacksonville and they have a great food court.  All the major retail stores ( and southern flagship stores - no Macys or Nordstrom) are here and they have a huge Forever 21 that took the place of an old flagship department store. Lots of parking and there's only one sit down restaurant - Ruby Tuesday.
Carlos K has a criteria when judging malls.  A 5 star mall must have the following stores: Old Navy, Chik Fil A, and a Cinnabon. I fucking swear the last time I was in the 904, this mall had a Chik Fil A. It also fails on the Old Navy front too.   The Avenues is clean and nice, but they should build more one more parking garage to handle the rush of crowds during the holiday season. 3 stars!
Avenues Mall used to be the fancy, rich people's mall, until the St. John's Town Center came along and knocked the lights out of it and it's other competition, the Regency Mall. Unlike Regency Mall, which has declined in past years, Avenues found its savior in Forever21. Forever21 recently took residence where the Parisian used to be. This is the largest F21 I have visited in the Southeast, and I can't believe it's in the Avenue's Mall. I mean seriously, it's using space alloted for a small department store. The F21 is f-ing huge; it's actually overwhelming. There's a kids' and men's department as well. I feel like the whole online store can be found here. The Avenues Mall did a very smart thing by allowing this popular brand to rent its space. This will offset ( marginally) some competition from St. John's Town Center, which btw, also opened another phase, that also includes F21. Yelp 365 #3/365
Love this mall! The Forever 21 is large and a bit overwhelming but I love it! There is an H&M which I lo love, and good variety of stores. I love LaBotique because I can yet my brows done after I shop or before The food court has a Moe's which is my fav when I need a quick and filling nosh. All in al this is a good mall with a fantastic location. Oh and the Starbucks downstairs is great and the USA are super friendly. And they mix up good drinks. My go to mall!
When the Avenues Mall opened... this was a classy place. It brought with it a new road [9A didn't always go so far], lots of new stores, and a fancy new building. The entire mall has a skylight ceiling. Amazing! It was modern and shiny and new. It had more than the Gap and Express! It had a Parisians [which no one ever fully understood]! It was exciting! Welllllll, when the St. John's Town Center opened, the Avenues stopped being so bright and shiny and new. While it is still a great mall, how can a skylight compare to a completely outdoor experience? [It does help in the rain, gotta say.] The Town Center has ever newer stores, even more expansion, and has catapulted Jacksonville into a whole new realm of shopping with the recently opened Louis Vuitton [mah gawd, we got ourselves a Low-is Vatt-ton]. Still! This is still a great mall. They have lots of great shops [Gap, Express, Anne Taylor, NY and Company, Delias, Vicky's, those kinds of things]. They are in-doors, which really is handy in bad weather, which tends to strike in Jacksonville on a regular basis. And it is still nice and shiny, just not new. They also have an arcade. Inside the food court. Now that is something you can only get at an in-door mall. And that is priceless.
I read the other comments about this mall. And everyone is about right. It's a good mall but outside of Forever 21 nothing really special. I would definitely recommend it over Regency. Being that I'm from south Florida, a lot of items being advertised in the shops and boutiques as *new or *just released are at least 3 months behind and overpriced. Though it was still great to go to the common Departments stores like JCPenny and Dillard and find items that are no available locally through our home location in Tallahassee. It still kept me and my friend busy for four hours shopping (mostly in Forever 21), eating, & walking around. Decent food court, but I wish there were more options then traditional mall pizza, burgers, subways, and Chinese.   I can't believe there's no MACY'S!
I fully agree with Trey.  Very average mall with nuthin' special.  I only go here because my friend likes it.  Not a fan of Sears, JC Penney, Dillards, Belk's or the Parisian.  Even the Food Court is lackluster.  They have a bunch of no name places.  It is however, leap year's better than the Regency Mall to the North.  That mall is a dinosaur that needs to go extinct. St.  John's has potential, but it needs some more department stores.  Locals are hoping for a Macy's or Nordstrom's.
The Avenues has quickly become one of the best malls in Jacksonville. The St. Johns Town Center is for rich people so if you're a regular person like most people who live here, then the Avenues is for you. It's gotten so much better over the years. Got rid of Parisian/Belk for Men and Kids and replaced it with an enormous Forever21. There's a great new accessories store named Charming Charlie's. Also added a lot of small boutiques. The food court is great.. always clean. There IS a Chik-Fil-A (or however the hell you spell it). Also a place called Juan's that has DELICIOUS Mexican food. Definitely my favorite mall.
This mall is very popular to most of the local crowd in Jax. From joke stores like Spencer's to high fashion like H&M this mall has pretty much everything you can ask for in a mall. I know a number of people were upset when they moved Lane Bryant to the Town Center but Torrid has come in and picked up in many ways where Lane Bryant lacked. I'd still love to see that store back in this mall though which would give people of average (12) to plus sizes a better selection then is currently available at the mall.
Clean, nice array of stores but a lot smaller than I expected for the population of Jacksonville. Looks like a lot of storefronts to be opened... Has a kiddie play area near JCP. Nice mall overall just wish it was larger. We walked thru it pretty fast thinking this is it??
Only been in Jacksonville a couple months and live between the avenues and saint johns town center. We as a family like to go and stroll through the mall from time to time. Good collection and variety of stores. Clean and well maintained. A typical Simon mall. Can get pretty crowded on the weekends but  if you just want some easy safe and leisurely shopping experience this is the place to go. Saint johns town center is always nice but unless your ready to walk a couple miles to shop around some stick to avenues.
I love the Shaded/Covered Parking! This mall has two levels. I love this mall. I highly recommend it.
Great place to shop. You can get in and out.
Probably the best indoor mall in the Jacksonville area, The Avenues is pretty easy to get to, right off 95. It is way better than Regency or Orange Park Mall, but nowhere near St. Johns Towne Center as far as malls go. There were quite a few store closures here in the last few months, as the economy started to fall, I was surprised to see The Parisian gone, but the other main department stores are here, i.e. Sears, JCPenney, Belk, etc... As long as it's not the holiday season, there are LOTS of parking spaces available, you'll be able to find a spot somewhere near where you'd like to shop. The mall is always clean, and I like the decor, nothing overly flashy, nothing boring, just an enjoyable area. The food court isn't bad, but I believe the only major chain located there is sbarro's, but they have a few burger joints, chinese food, I believe a seafood place, and a few coffee houses. Not terrible, but they could definitely do better. The rest of the mall does include a lot of the old classics - Foot Locker, Victoria's Secret, Abercrombie, Gap, so you'll definitely find SOMETHING in the mall, but they are missing a lot of good stores, most of which are located in the Towne Center. Overall, not a bad mall, I can always find something to buy there, but it isn't my first choice of shopping plazas in the area.
Pretty good mall with pretty decent stores...around this time last year it opened a HUGE two story Forever 21 that's actually really nice and a little overwhelming! You have your standard stores like Dillards, JC Penney, and then you have nicer stores like Jessica McClintock. There's also a MAC counter which is nice. It's a good place to go if you wanna kill time.
Took the kids on a shopping break today. Great mall, reminds me of how malls used to be and not an "outlet center ". Highly recommend!
The Avenues Mall has definitely changed...in my opinion for the better....now that they're trying very hard to compete with The Town Center. I went for the sole purpose of checking out the new H&M store and was shocked to see how many other new additions they have now.
This mall is okay, the parking stinks. Some of the entertainment has been okay, but overall I've been to better
Good indoor alternative to the St. John's Town Center. The mall contains most major department stores including Dillards, JC Penny, Belk, and Sears. The rest of the mall has stores ranging from a pet store to a tattoo palor.  The only drawback to the Avenues is that it lacks suitable dining options with a small food court.
Great mall for an out of towner. Has all the amenties that a mall should have. You have Belk, Jcpenney, Dillards, Sears, Forever 21, and etc. I found everything that I needed here and then some. Good way to pass time.
They have a really good indoor playground here for kids. The train also boards here too!
We have shopped here when visiting Jax a handful of times over the years. Clean, attractive, and a wide variety of establishment. We rarely shop at indoor malls these days, but likely would if we lived nearby.
While this is my indoor mall of choice in the Jacksonville area, it's really nothing to write home about.  It's two-stories, recently renovated (which makes it look really nice; I must say, Simon did a great job), and has Dillards, Sears, Belk, and J.C. Penney as anchors.  Unfortunately, those anchors are indicative of the quality of the mall; there are no great, trendy stores there beyond your basic Limited Brands stores (Express, Limited, Victoria's, Bath & Body Works), Gap brand stores (Gap, Banana), Abercrombie, and American Eagle.  Then you have your corner jewerly stores and cell phone cover kiosks.  That's the end of it.  Good for your run-of-the-mill shopping, but nothing really up-to-date (trendy).  It's where you go on Wednesdays because you have nothing better to do.  Your best bet is still the St. John's Town Center unless you're looking for high-end department stores, in which case you're relegated to Orlando.  The Avenues is basically good for average, everyday purchases.  Nothing special.
