We are finally getting an actual Nordstrom at The Town Centre... Yay!  I am thankful we've had Nordstrom Rack and I'm thankful we'll continue to have it even after Nordstrom opens because the prices are so much cheaper! I have found really cute skirts here are great prices.  Yes, you have to search through the racks some, but it's much more organized than say a TJ Maxx.  I'm always shopping and I'm always on the lookout for great deals on clothing!  I've also found clothing items for hubby here too at great prices. Love the home area of the store.  It's not a huge area, but I always take a look to see what they have.  Recently, I picked up the cutest throw pillow from here.  yelp.com/biz_photos/nord…  They also have some nice items for the bathroom. They have a lot of name brand sunglasses here like Fendi and Michael Kors.  I haven't purchased a pair yet because none of them have polarized lenses.  I wear Oakley sunglasses because when the sun is at it's brightest during the summer, I get migraines if I don't have sunglasses with polarized lenses.  However, as winter approaches (if winter is what you want to call what we have here in Florida LOL), I know I'll pick up a pair or two.  I'll be able to wear them during those months when the sun isn't so bright. The employees are friendly and helpful.  Checking out has always been a breeze. Love me some Nordstrom Rack!
Today was the first time that I had been to a Nordstrom Rack. I had a Birthday GC that i needed to use. This will definitely be a regular shopping spot for me! I love the selection and different styles of clothes! They have variety of other items to choose from as well.   They could use more then two cashiers on a busy Saturday afternoon. Granted, a really sweet young lady came up to help as soon as they backed up!
I went to Nordstrom Rack for the first time over the weekend and I was surprised by it. I knew it was a discount store but for some reason I expected it to be nicer that it was. I was slightly disappointed in the layout of everything as I found it rather difficult to find what I was looking for. That being said they do offer so really good name brand items for a fraction of the cost...if you have the patience to sort through all the racks. I don't know how often I'll actually shop there, but I'm sure a lot of people will enjoy it.
Be careful going here if you are black ....as soon as I walked in the store and headed to the sunglasses ..the worker ran over and stood there watching me so close I tripped over her and then when she saw how expensive my own personal handbag was she tried to play it off and then smiled and told me it was ok to try on sunglasses ...needless to stay ....their not worth my money
This store reminds me of a high end flea market, in a good way. If you are coming here to find something specific, you will not find it. The best way to shop here is to make sure you have a lot of time to go through the racks and browse. The shoe and kid selection are great. They also have a large selection of work out clothing. The women and men's selection are hit or miss. Overall it's a great shopping experience if you have the time.
I love this place the staff is SO nice! They have amazing selection is all departments! especially the shoes which Nordstrom is known for! Oh and the sunglasses selection is amazing, it's right when you enter you can't miss it! My husband and I got great deals on designer clothing it's a WIN!! I'll be back for sure!!
Nordstrom has been one of my favorite clothing stores for years. The rack doesn't have quite the selection as the full store but you can find great deals on name brand clothes. I bought 2 Bugatchi shirts and a pair of Jeans for $50 each. They'd normally be $100-$150 each.
