I have no problems with this indoor mall. Granted, I'm new to the area, so I've no nostalgic sighs for the Regency Square of the past... and I'm not a fan of the outdoor mall scene (I love the sun, but not that much- I'm pale!). Yeah, it's a little shady, yeah, it has some empty store fronts, yeah, the cops live there... but I find it charming. Just be sure to lock your car and hide your valuables. Parking's a breeze! I have no problem at all finding deals by the dozen any time I visit, and it feels a little bit like home. (Greater Detroit area, MI). I will gladly frequent here over the further away (to me) outdoor mall any time, unless I need something that I can only find down the highway.
Stay away from the back area of the mall! I went in not knowing most if the stores had closed or moved. I had to run to the old Spencer's. Let's just say I was the only one walking around by myself then a few gangster looking guys came around and watched me.  I made a quick exit and in great fear! It's a ghost town and not safe! If one had wanted to grab my purse and run there would have been nobody around to help ! This was a decent mall ten plus years ago but now it's awful!!! Stay near the food court and between Belk and Jcpenney's and you might be ok. I still felt very uncomfortable walking to my car even near the police station. It's sad to see what this mall has become. Never going back, ever!
This was the go-to mall on the weekends but now, most of the shops are between Belk and JC Penny. It very quiet walking in that end of the mall. I came here only to go to Claire's for some hair accessories but I didn't find what I was looking for. They moved from the other side of the mall, along with Bath & Body Works. Walked down a little further to check out the other stores like  Torrid and Rainbow who also didn't have anything I was interested. Local news said that the new owners will be using the Sears side of the mall for non-retail businesses. I believe Belk will be moving out the mall and down the road. Hopefully this will revitalize this dying mall.
All the businesses are closed except right around the food court and the big department stores....  This place looks like a ghost town
I worked in this mall for 20 years when it was a thriving business and a fun place to shop. Now, it's a ghost town in a high crime area and even locating a police sub-station there has not helped. I'm afraid to shop there in the middle of the day and I would never go there after dark. Sad but true: build a new mall and an old one dies!
I used to love coming to this mall. When my son was first born in 2002 I would come here to shop for him and play on the train and the other little rides they had. I remember them even having a really nice play area where kids could run around for a little bit when they were agitated from mommy shopping. This store used to be full of stores and people walking around. Now, in 2014, I see there are only a few stores i still will frequent (The Children's Place, Victoria's Secret, and BBW)  that are still here. They used to have Old Navy, but then it moved to TC. This place is literally a ghost town of a mall that used to thrive. Now you can come here get some quick mall food court food on the run or hit up JC Penneys or the Dillards Clearance Center for some nice fashion duds. Overall, going to another mall to find different stores would be your best bet. I believe there was also too much crime and even when they have fairs in the parking lot, the less "classy" folk from the surrounding areas will tend to ruin a good time for the kids. I still come by to frequent my favorite stores, but if I want better selection I will travel to the Avenues or even OP.
This is really the worst excuse for a mall... next to the one in my home town that has exactly 3 stores left... Half of this place is empty. I don't even bother to go inside, I really only come here for JC Penny if I happen to be closer to Regency than the Avenues. On this particular occasion I was curious about Dillard's Clarence center but my experience there was less than stellar... SO did not really up my opinion of the mall in general, at all.
A tired old worn-out mall with very few decent vendors left in it. They need to raz this dump and build something newer and better suited to the area. Like a Town Center complex.
Back in the day this mall was the bomb.  Everyone in the city came here to shop, see, and be seen.  Now its a former shell of itself. But alas, CK could care less about what used to be when it comes to malls.  To get 5 stars from me, a mall MUST have the following stores:  Chik-Fil-A, Cinnabon, and Old Navy.  This place doesn't have a Cinnabon, hence the 4 star rating. The Chik-Fil-A was a given.  The 11th commandment in the Bible states, "Thou shalt have a Chik-Fil-A in every mall built in the Deep South.  Heareth endeth the lesson."
I can still recall the days when Regency Square was a great mall.  Not anymore.  When it started going downhill... it really went downhill.  So many of the stores have closed down.   Belk is in the center of the mall, so it's almost like you have 2 malls:  the semi-decent side on one side of Belk where the food court is located and the awful part on the other side of Belk where the majority of the stores have either closed down completely or either moved to the other side of Belk and reopened.   The last two years I lived in Jacksonville, I would drive all the way to the other side of town to either The Avenues Mall or St. John's Town Center to avoid Regency Square. The teenagers have been mentioned in other reviews and there truly is an abundance of them.  Not that I have anything against teenagers either, but I do like to feel safe while I'm shopping and I also don't like to look at teenage boys walking around with their pants down to their ankles (buy a belt for goodness sakes)!  It just got to the point where I did not feel safe in this mall and there has been much talk of gangs and such around this mall. It really is a shame because it was great at one time.
It's not as good as it was in former years. Many of the stores have closed and it's not as packed as it used to be. But there are a few reasons to still visit. My reasons to go: Lunar Golf - Glow in the dark mini golf near the food court. Kids get a kick out of it! AMC Theatres - Got time before the movie? Come here to kill time. Boba Blends - Jacksonville's VERY first Boba Tea spot, and still one of the best in town. Island Cafe - One of the first Filipino restaurants in Jacksonville, and the only one I know of that exists in a mall. JC Penny - Love their sales! Easter Bunny and Santa Claus - when my son was younger, we'd come here for his pics. Little train ride - If you have little ones, they have a cute little ride for very young kids and babies near the food court. Some of the places that I miss are Natural Wonders, Tilt, and Zensation. Sometimes there's a carnival in the parking lot, but I haven't seen it up recently.
I remember when I was young and I would hit up Regency Square Mall all the time. Armed with a twenty dollar bill, the possibilities were endless. I'd be able to play a few games at either Tilt or Aladdin's Castle, Grab some candy at The Sweet Factory, maybe catch a flick at the AMC 6, and people watch from the 2nd floor of the food court while enjoying a Gyro wrap from Hovan and sipping on my fruit smoothie from Frulati. If I didn't have any cash, no worries. I'd hit up Bookland or B. Dalton and get immersed in a book or a magazine, check out the girls shopping for Keroppi/Hello Kitty stuff at Cloud 9, and maybe walk over to Woolworth's and take a look at the hamsters and fish in their pet section. Regency mall was the place to be in the early to mid 90s. Fast forward to today and all those aforementioned stores are long gone. Most of the anchor stores have changed considerably. Belk obviously replaced Gayfers (horrible name for a department store), The Dillards Outlet replaced the real Dillards, poor Sears is in a section of the mall that is nearly vacant, and nothing has been able to replace good ol' Montgomery Ward. The staple stores that you'd expect to see in a mall like the Gap, Hallmark, Gymboree, Old Navy, Cinnabon, and McDonalds are gone as well. The mall is a shell of its former self with only about 50% of the mall actually occupied by retail. Lets be real, Yelp. I gave Regency Square Mall a 3 rating for nostalgic purposes. In my heart it's a 3, but we all know its a 1 or a 2. If you want to go mall shopping in Jacksonville, hit up the Avenues or the Town Center.
Oh how the mighty have fallen. The Regency Mall used to be the mall to go to. it was nice, new, had a lot of great stores that were new and exciting at the time [ie Express and Dillard]. It was clean, respectable, safe. Now, it's... dangerous. It's completely run down and largely vacated. Most of the stores have closed down and non-name brand stores have opened in their places. There is a lot of crime that happens there and most people are wary when they go there, only going when necessary and getting in and out as quickly as possible. Two reasons to go to the Regency Mall: 1) Bubble Tea - delicious tea that is served with Tapioca balls [by request]. It's amazing. If you go to this mall, you must get this tea. 2) Forever 21 - the only location in Jacksonville and still one of the best places ever to get cheap, trendy clothing. I still have a few more Forever 21 years left in me, so I will make the trek to Regency to hit this place up. And, unlike most of the stores here, F21 is always packed. A tribute to this stores greatness. I'm as sad as anyone to see this place turn into this shell of it's former glory. But you can't escape the truth. Maybe someday it will get revitalized and we will once again call this place a desirable destination. Until then, watch your back.
I braved the this mall with tools in my truck. I made it out and everything was still in the truck. I wasn't inside very long either.
When I was a young kid, around 5 years old, my parents would take me here all the time. It was energetic, full of life, worth the trip, great stores and all. I still have home videos of trips to Regency Square. Then I moved to Canada. Fast forward around 11 years, I visited the mall again when I was 16 (2 years ago) on my trip to Florida. This place is actually deserted. I spent an hour in the mall, and literally only saw like 40 other people. And this was on a Saturday at 2 PM, it should have been a lot more crowded than that, at least it used to be. I was really young when I used to enjoy this mall, so I obviously don't remember all of the stores that were around back then, but I do know that it used to be a lot better than this. There's nothing left to do in this mall, not for me anyway. It's lost all of the energy and life that it used to have. What a damn shame.
Regency was THE only mall when I was growing up, but alas, it has definitely gone downhill.  Went there with my girls and it seems that on a weekend eveining, it is the place for local teenagers to hang out.  Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with teens.  I just don't want to have to walk thru hoards of other peoples children that have not been taught how to move out of the way!  If I was going for a true mall shopping experience, I would not go here.   There are a couple of places I do like in the Mall.   1. Pretzel Twister:  Yea I know it's not Auntie Annies, but to me the Pretzels are fresher. 2. Royal Gallery:  Furniture with cool twists and low prices. 3. Regency Health Foods:  Unlike GNC, you can find homeopathic and  other goodies that are hard to find in other places.  This is truly a health food store, not just a vitamin shop. 4.  Dollar Star:  looks scary, has all kinds of interesting things at rock bottom prices.
Regency Square Mall is your classic American mall...it boomed in the 80s and was a hot spot for everything you needed at the time:  food, retail, friends, movies, arcades, etc.  Then as more urban sprawl took over, the folks with the money moved further and further out (the Avenues Mall) relegating places like RSM into a slow population decay.  And with each passing year the Avenues Mall is succumbing to the same cycle that Regency did (although they're putting up more of a fight) now that all the folks with money are flocking to the Town Center. When will we stop sprawling and sprawling and sprawling and learn to just take care of and appreciate what we have?  Inevitably, the Town Center will become a ghost town too as a new development will surely sprawl somewhere else in the expansive lands of Jacksonville.  And as that happens we'll continuously be left with a bunch of empty, useless buildings.  Remember Market Square Mall?  Jacobson's? Two stars for nostalgia.
Hopefully the new owners will bring new atmosphere to Regency Mall. This mall has a lot of opportunity to improve with the right management group.
Sad, sad mall.  The mall is so vacant. ..it is weird going into this mall that I have been going to as long as I can remember.   I have not been in here for awhile and it was sad.  All the stores are gone. ..even Spencer's.  After Belks it I seems the mall is closed.
This mall is vacant and not inviting. No real stores that stand out and make it great. About half the store fronts are empty. It looks more like a hangout for juveniles then a place to shop.
It's gone down hill and become kind of "Thuggish", but I still go there. They have everything I need and is very close to my house.
Oh boy...what can I say about this place...it's located in a bad part of town, and is just a bad mall in general. There's a police substation on the lot!! What more do you need?! This place is pretty empty, too...the only perks is the Dillards and the makeup counter. The Forever 21 in my opinion sucks, I can never find anything I like and it's too small. Same goes for Hot Topic. There's a ton of thugs and straight up sketchy people too so watch your back.
Okay, I'm going to get serious hate mail for this one, but this site tells me to be a bit irreverent, so I'm going to do so, however tasteless.  Please understand, I'm simply using humor to illustrate a point; do not take this more seriously than you would if it came from the comedian's mouth.  I'm not racist, I just think Chris Rock had a funny point.  Chris Rock talks about the "mall that white people used to go to."  That is the definition of the Regency Square mall.  Its four anchors include Sears, J.C. Penney, Belk, and Dillard's.  It has something for everyone in the upper-middle-class and down.  Nothing high-end, trendy, or spectacular.  I submit the trendiest apparel store there is Express.  That's the highest end; there's not even an Abercrombie there.  It used to be the only mall in town with a Forever 21, but it's a sad, shoddy one compared with its new competitor at the St. John's Town Center.  Regency is the mall at which I grew up because the Avenues is much further down the road, so I do have fond memories of the place.  I just don't like being around there too late in the afternoon.  To it's credit, it has one of the nicest food courts in town, and is supposedly in renovation, which should help, but seems to be taking longer than necessary (the rennovation started in 2002 or so and has yet to be completed).  If you can stomach the drive, go to the Avenues; you'll probably have a generally better experience.
