Riverside spot is about as comfy as an experience will get. Great staff and location.  I definitely recommend this company. Staff was very patient and helpful with details and answers for about anything you'll ask.
As a smoker for the past 27 years, New Leaf is the best thing that's happened to me!  Thanks to our awesome CM's review, Allie A., I found this wonderful shop.  I'm proud to say that after 2 1/2 weeks, I'm down to only one cigarette per day.  Even after the first day of vaping, I was down to only 2-3 cigarettes a day.  As for now, I can't seem to let go of that one cigarette in the morning when I first wake up, but I do know it's going to be gone soon! Allie A. spoke very highly of Danielle, so when I first went to the store, I asked for her and she definitely hooked me up.  She is so sweet and just cute as a button!  Vaping can be a little confusing at first - trying to understand all the different components, flavours, etc.  But Danielle explained it all so well and didn't even mind repeating herself when I asked her the same question several times.  She truly cared and wanted me to understand everything. I have now been in the store on 5 separate occasions and I've had a chance to interact with many of the employees.  Like Danielle, they are all warm, friendly, knowledgeable, patient, and helpful.   They have many different flavours and they are more than happy to let you try as many as you like.  I think at this point, I've tried darn near every one of them!  Other than the Cinn-A-Bon flavour, which I vape all by itself, I mix all my other favourite flavours such as:  peach, strawberry, and pina colada, pineapple and pina colada, and coffee mixed with vanilla.  My hubby's favourite mixture is bluberry and bad monkey (banana).  It's kinda funny because my hubby has never been a smoker, but he kept stealing my e-cig and vaping it because he liked the way it tastes.  I finally got tired of him snitching it, so we went and bought one for him.  BTW:  All the flavours do come in non-nicotine too. As for the nicotine, It comes in different levels in the flavours depending on how much you smoke per day.  Don't worry, they'll go over all that with you in the store and get you at your perfect level.  I apparently get just the right amount of nicotine from mine because since I started vaping, I have had no nicotine withdrawals, cravings, etc.  That darn morning cig I still have is simply out of habit! The store itself is very cool and welcoming.  It's large and open with couches.  There's a long counter with barstools, so you can have a seat to try the flavours.  I never just pop in and out.  I always pull up a barstool and chat it up with Danielle and some of the other employees for at least half hour or so.  Also, you have to check out the floor in the restroom at least once - it's completely made out of pennies - very neat! Not only is vaping better for me than cigarettes (my neurologist even verified this fact for me last week and allowed me to vape right there in the exam room in front of him), but I love the fact I can vape pretty much anywhere.  I've been in countless stores, restaurants, and even several malls - not once have I been asked to stop.   It's water vapor, not smoke, so it doesn't bother anyone!   If you're a smoker, I HIGHLY recommend you head to New Leaf immediately and give vaping a try!  It's also much easier on your wallet than cigarettes! If you buy a new, complete set-up, mention that I sent you from Yelp and you'll get a $5.00 discount!
I'll be honest. Quitting cigarettes wasn't really on our agendas anytime soon, until we started seeing all of our friends with the new vaping devices. Probably about 5-6 people within a 3-week period. Everyone was raving about Vapor Nine (soon to be New Leaf) so we decided to stop in. The bf had been in the store before, so was more familiar, and started talking to one of the guys working there about the differences in batteries etc. He launched right into all of the info, and honestly I felt a bit lost and overwhelmed. A gal, Danielle I think was her name, stepped in to walk me through a little bit slower, showed me the different options and I felt a little more at ease. They will let you try all of the different flavors, and I found them to be very patient with me. Start up cost are not that bad, compared to what we are spending on cartons per week. I went with a silver set up, with a slightly larger battery and a few flavors: Crisp menthol, killa vanilla, peach and kona coffee. (Right now I'm mixing the vanilla and coffee.) The flavors cost about $7-$8 bucks per flavor, and they should last about a week. I like the model I have, that lets you adjust the voltage.... I find that I like mine a bit lower (vaping has a different sort of a "hit" compared to a cigarette, which takes a little getting used to.) I had tried the cigarette looking style before that I bought online, but these last much longer in battery life and nicotine. So, it's only been one full day, but I've reduced the amount of cigarettes I smoke by 73%. Woot!!! I am trying to be realistic with my plan, but I am feeling great about that statistic so far! And I haven't wanted to kill anyone or eaten everything in the entire house. :) Fingers crossed I can keep this up. We did find out this particular location is moving to 5 Points and changing from Vapor 9 to New Leaf. There is a huge new store located on Beach Blvd. as well. They will have a bigger space and more variety! I will definitely be back for more supplies soon. And probably buying as gifts for my friends and family too. :) If you are looking to quit smoking or trying to reduce, GO, NOW!!
After many years of hoping, waiting, and being patient, my significant other has finally taken a step towards quitting smoking. He smoked his last cigarette on the ride home from Vapor Nine after buying his first electronic cigarette kit. There were two employees working at Vapor Nine today - an older lady and a younger guy who I could only describe as a kid. It took them a few minutes to even acknowledge our presence. Once we were noticed, there still was the feeling (to me) of a lack of customer service. As vapor cigarettes are still basically in their infancy, many people don't really know where to start upon walking in. You should go out of your way to bring people in and sell your product. I felt a severe lack of that. There was another customer in there before us, but it seemed to me that the kid has trouble multitasking as he'd start talking to us about something then would stop midway to turn his attention to the other customer. Luckily, Tai (I believe that's her name) stepped in to take care of us. She was patient as my S.O. figured out what flavor worked best for him. You can sample their whole selection if you wish. She, then, helped him select which set up of electronic cigarette that would work best and showed him how to do it. The whole kit wasn't as expensive as I thought it would be, just about $55. All in all, besides a slow start when we walked in, I'd definitely recommend Vapor Nine.
This is a very fascinating place. Now I am not a smoker and I've never been a smoker other than a occasional cigarette in a bar with friends. I have never had much interest in taking up smoking but in an effort to help my friend quit I checked into the vapor cigarettes. The staff in this place were so helpful in educating me about the products and how to utilize them to quit smoking. Conveniently they have a good selection of flavors that have no nicotine whatsoever. Frankly I'm not sure that inhaling whatever it is they put inside them is 100% healthy but clearly it's better than tobacco. The product contains propylene glycol. They have a good selection of the batteries and a good selection of tips and are very informative on how to use the products. You can sample as many flavors as you want in whatever strength you want. Obviously the staff here use the products themselves frequently. I have referred several friends here because they are so nice and helpful. I have to say that puffing on these flavored vapor things is really quite fun. When you get a sweet tooth craving for a sweet snack you can take a puff off of this instead and it sort of assuages that urge. Products are not expensive at all so it is a good substitute for smoking and for snacking...  If you're in the neighborhood at five points you should check it out.
Very helpful and knowledgable employees, great experience... if you're looking to get away from nasty analog cigarettes (or want to help someone else get away from them), this is the place you need to go. No upselling, no pressure, the sales people helped a first-timer pick the right product for their needs and nothing extra. Will return to this store and recommend to every smoker or vaper I know.
My husband has been using their products to quit smoking and I am proud to say he's been tobacco-less for 8 months now. He tried a few other brands available in drug stores until he found this shop on King Street. The prices are good (compared to similar) and they keep the store stocked well. We've been recommending this shop to friends who are in similar situations - wanting to quit affordably without the hassle of drugs, etc.
