Not much to say about this place other than it is a favorite, by far.  You are missing out if you do not spend Saturday or Sunday here on a beautiful, clear day.  Bring your kids, too--there are plenty others for them to play with. No kids?  Don't worry, the park is big enough that you will not want to pull your hair out because of a swarm of little monsters.  :)
Am I going to get stoned for not giving Memorial Park 5 stars like the preceding 19 out of 20 reviews have?  I hope not.  I am indeed a fan but it's not "as good as it gets." Memorial Park sits along Riverside Avenue, immediately west of downtown, and in a quaint and picturesque area known as Five Points, or Riverside.  The greatest thing about the park is its balustraded promenade along the St. John's River.  The feeling of being close to where the river widens quite a bit and being able to see the skyline is very nice.  So is the statue near the water's edge. The layout is simple, consisting of a large elliptical path that defines the circulation.  There are obviously also paths that take one to and from the entry gates on Riverside Avenue.  The vegetation is abundant, provides shade, and makes for a place that invites people to sit down and relax. I believe Olmsted, who had a hand in important parks such as New York's Central Park and Montreal's Parc du Mont-Royal, had a hand in Jacksonville's Memorial Park.  That's a feather in both the park's cap and in Jacksonville's cap. I'm glad I found Memorial Park.  I recommend it for being a relaxing respite, for its beauty, and for its great water views.
The weather was perfect. The park was full of every type of person. I went to read and get some fresh air. I didn't expect to get so much more than that. So many experiences to soak in at the park. It's clean, it's large enough for a lot of people and it has a lot of shade. Group exercising, runners, walkers, bikers, families, couples, dog walkers, weirdos like me - they are all there.   My only complaint is that the amazing statue sits above a neglected pool of brown water and some water logged trash.
"Holy shit the weather isn't unbearably hot! Let's do something outside!" "But I'm too hungover to do anything..." "It's beautiful out! It's also 2pm and you just rolled out of bed, you lazy drunk. Are you too hungover to grab a blanket?" "um..." "Yeah exactly. Memorial Park it is." "I can just lay in the shade?" "(sigh) YES. literally that's all I'm asking you to do. I'll walk the dogs around while you rethink your life decisions." "I'm hungry too..." "We'll pick up some Publix or something on the way and have lunch picnic style. Plus we'll get you some Starbucks so you stop whining and perk the fuck up. It's right across the street." "Ok." "At least this way I can people watch and eavesdrop on 'deep' conversations while you slowly turn back into a human being. I'm not wasting another afternoon watching you play Xbox." "Fair enough." "I'm bringing some beers too. No one really cares. I bet by dinner time you'll be stealing them from the cooler." "Can we go to Hawkers after?" "Duh."
I adore Memorial Park, it's one of my favorite spots in all of Jacksonville. It's great for taking a midday stroll to shake off work, a weekend picnic or just catching a view of the St. Johns River and the downtown skyline. It's a smaller park, but it makes up for its lack of space with being ready for multi-purpose uses: you'll see active young professionals seeking a space to start a pickup game, families flying kites together, and locals walking their pups. The large, clear space in the middle is perfect for those with frisbee or picnic plans, the shady paths are great for walking or rollerblading, the riverfront path provides a fishing spot and there are plenty of benches to stop at and catch up on your reading list. The next time you're in the Riverside/Five Points area, stop by and check it out.
At the park with Calypso...  Its a little breezy today it makes it bearable..  It would be nice if the city would mow it... The grass is always high here.
I just love Memorial Park! Last Sunday, we went to a little local spot for brunch, then made our way to Memorial Park with some friends to shoot some engagement photos. The view of the river is amazing. There is a nice flat, cleared space in the middle for taking a blanket and soaking up some rays. We had the pup with us, and there were quite a few other dog lovers out. My apologizes to the old lady that Maeby (aka Houdini) ran up to after she managed to wiggle off her leash. Not a ton of parking, unless you walk across the street from the Publix lot, unless you can parallel like a champ! (Only took me two tries!) But seriously, a gorgeous little piece of property, with beautiful scenic views for some natural peace of mind.
Great place to take a walk along the water....This is one of the most beautiful spots to enjoy the St. Johns River!  There are many places to hangout here or if you're motivated, take a stroll or a jog through the many paved paths throughout the park.  Across the street, you have many great places to eat or shop after breathing in the river air.  A fabulous place to people watch or be one with nature while still being somewhat in the city.  Love this place! :)
I seriously don't see how someone could NOT love Memorial Park! The third oldest park in Jacksonville, Memorial Park is one of my favorite landmarks as a Jacksonville native. I have so many memories at this park. Coincidentally, my first visit to Memorial Park corresponded with my first experience with Sushi Cafe, which is still in the plaza across the street. Awesome picnic food, btw. I've been here for picnics, Best Buddies Day, kickball, kite flying, picture taking... I even smoked my first hookah at 16 sitting in the middle of this park! This park is like Goldilocks... not too big, not too small, but just right. Great for dogs, also! (Remember: pick IT up!) It has a beautiful view of the St. John's River, which gives off great breezes. Majestic arbors create the border for the circular concrete path. And the sculpture, "Life," by Pillars is gorgeous and is the cherry on top of the purpose of the park. Next time you see the Community Hospice commercial with the two men playing chess (maybe checkers), look closely... they're in Memorial Park!
This is one of my happy places in Jacksonville. Memorial Park is one of the crown jewels of Riverside, perfectly located within walking distance to Five Points. Fellas, take your ladies out for a stroll here and then wine/dine her at one of the prized culinary spots this part of town is known for. You're welcome. The green is perfect for laying around on lazy days, and there's no shortage of people watching opportunities.
I adore Memorial Park. It's an excellent spot for an open space in Riverside. Grab a smoothie from Smoothie King, a coffee from Starbucks, or even a salad or something from one of the local joints in the area, then head over here for a walk or to go enjoy the view of the river and the city. The field is completely multi-purpose. On various visits, I've seen hula hoopers, frisbee throwers, bubble makers, families tossing around a football or kicking around a soccer ball, or just people laying back enjoying the sunshine or having a picnic. Just the other day, I was doing yoga in the field with a new yoga group that is starting up via Birdies bar. Unfortunately, we ended up getting rained out about half way through, but that's Florida for ya. There's a sidewalk that circles the entire park, which is great if you want to do laps or even just casually walk with your dog. If you need to find some serenity in Jacksonville and don't want to travel too far, Memorial Park is the idyllic spot that you are seeking.
My favorite park in Jacksonville.  I only wish the fountain still worked, but the large bronze is stunning especially set along the river. Great large open expanse of lawn where you are likely to see couples and family's enjoying a picnic.  Also plenty of shaded spaces to sit and enjoy the views. The eye candy is enjoyable as well.  I love taking a walk around the park with my husband after dinner at a nearby eatery and enjoy the breeze off the river as the sun sets.
What a gorgeous spot along the river in gorgeous Jacksonville! I was staying at The Riverdale Inn right across the way and decided to walk over to Starbucks and wandered into the park. Best idea I had to start my morning. It is a small open park right on the river and the sun was shining, people were laying on blankets, families playing and people exercising. It was gorgeous. So many trees around the circle and the sunshine glistening off the water and the gorgeous statues, so awesome. If you are in the area, definitely stop here, relax and soak up the gorgeous surroundings.
I love this park. It's very quaint and a perfect getaway. They've also fixed the fountain, so it's no longer full of moldy water and trash! Woo!! Grab a drink from Starbucks, to-go sushi, or even run into Publix for some fruit and spend some time here. People watching is also optimal - I've seen everything from group tai chi to weddings to a drag queen frisbee match. Great for picnics or some light fishing....it's one my favorite places in Jacksonville!
Memorial Park is probably one of the best parks in all of Jacksonville. It has a huge grassy lawn that backs up to the St Johns River, with a statue sitting at the center of the park, just by the river's edge. Trees line the bank of the river and provide little nooks of shade, if you want an escape from the sun. There are benches scattered along the path that runs along the perimeter of the park and along the bank of the river, which are great for sitting at the eat a quick sandwich on your lunch break and enjoy the beautiful view. My favorite thing to do at Memorial Park is bring a blanket, lay it out on the large grassy lawn, lay under the sun, and read a book. Or, come with friends and play a game. Or come with friends and read a book. Or, come with friends, bring a dog, read a book, and play with the pup! Or, play with someone else's pup that is bound to be wandering around sans leash, running free. There is such a sense of freedom and comradery here. It's so peaceful, yet still in the heart of Riverside's 5 Points district. So, go to Publix, grab a sub, run by Starbucks and grab a coffee, and cross the street to Memorial Park for a nice relaxing day under the sun. Simple as that.
It is a nice place to go and hang around and enjoy a picnic on a nice day. The park is always in good condition and well taken care of.
This is a great place to hang out. Just outside of five points, you can take a relaxing stroll after eating at Tijuana Flats or Sushi Cafe. Or you can go fishing since the river is right there. Sometimes there are fitness groups that meet in the late afternoon. A great place to take the kids and throw a frisbee or have a picnic.
A hidden treasure. My wife and daughter enjoyed a fantastic picnic here in a shaded spot near the road. It was open enough to enjoy a friendly game of flag football and provided my 7 month old a chance to enjoy the outdoors and watch puppies play. If you are looking for a quiet getaway, and outdoor spot to catch up on some reading, do some fishing of simply people watch, this is the place.
The place is full of werido's at night stay away!!!!!!
Memorial Park is hands-down the heart of Jacksonville and is the focal point of the diverse and historic Riverside neighborhood.  The people watching is fantastic and there is always something going on to keep you entertained.  My favorite place to bring a book and enjoy a beautiful afternoon. There are a dozen or more restaurants with a couple of blocks, so it is the ideal place for a stroll after lunch or dinner with your date.
Great Park to relax, take some photos and fish a bit. If your into scenery or model photography this is the place to check out. The time's for it to be open is great to, Open late for those night photographers. I really suggest you check this out if your in the area.
One of the City's more iconic locations. Great view of the St. Johns River. Excellent place for pictures.
Best park in Jacksonville in my opinion. Half the bums of Riverside park. Totally awesome place to bring a sweetheart.
