When I think of Boone Park, I think, ''I want to go to there.'' Easily the largest park in the Riv/Av area, this park has a little bit of something for everyone. Trails, playgrounds, benches, bridges...the list goes on. Lots of good trees for your dog to sniff. This is what every neighborhood needs. If you are visiting Jax, this part of town should be on your list. Be sure to stop by Boone Park for a taste of Florida's great outdoors right inside the city.
First time visiting this park. It was right around the corner from Pinegrove Market. The park is located right off of Park St. But it is safe b/c they have a pretty tall fence/gate structure lining the main road.  The park and all play sets were clean and hazard free. Both of my boys had a great time. They had play units for smaller kids & older kids. One thing I liked about it was that the parking wasn't on the main road, you park on Van Wert Ave. They had ample benches to relax and watch kids play and tons of garbage disposal units aka trashcans. Even on a warm, sunny day, with all the trees it gives you a lot of shade. If you are into tennis this is the place for you. I think I counted 6-8 tennis courts. They also have swings for big kids and toddlers. Definitely a great park, not too big, which I like b/c I can keep a good lookout for my boys. Definitely a favorite, will be back.
I consider this to MY neighborhood park, even though there is at least one park geographically closer to my house.  I love Love LOVE Boone Park.  It's relatively clean.  There are bathrooms in the tennis club house which are clean AND are manned by park staff (actually they are their for tennis court rentals but still).  The grounds crew are friendly and the locals are of course awesome.  I almost never seen vagrants here and when they do pass through they don't usually cause trouble... unlike other Jacksonville parks.   There are cool paths that connect either end of the park... though you do have to cross over Herschel.  You can also enter the park from little bridges in the wooded areas which connect it to neighborhood streets.   The 2 play areas are fun and feel like completely different parks.  My kids refer to one of them as the Pirate park (not sure why) and the other as the Tennis Courts...  On bright, sunny hot days, I suggest the Park St side, since the trees shade the play area better.  Also the St. John's Ave side has a huge metal slide (lots of fun) which will burn your tush (ouchie) on sunny days.
We were here to use the tennis courts for a Boys 12 tournament. The park was easy to find and had good parking. The tennis courts are mostly clay and in decent (but not great condition). There were several courts with dead spots where the ball took a funny bounce. The bathrooms are pretty dates and the shower was below average condition. There is no pro shop or food services here, but the director was able to get a racquet stringed for $15 and did a great job.
Boone Park is the place to be... For a relaxing day out, shaded walk, play at the park with the kids. I find myself here more and more with my daughter and wife. It's very shaded if you need to hide from the sun or simply enjoy a nice picnic. My daughter likes the swing and exploring the other climbing toys and bouncer in the play area. Watching a game or two of tennis is also a nice outing.  Come here for some peace or a nice reading spot. You'll love it.
We love this park.  Whether you take a walk, exercise, play with kids at two playgrounds, ride a bike, play tennis, or throw a frisbee, there is plenty space for all those activities.   Recently we've spotted two owls that keep local squirrels on guard.  And they let you take pictures of them too.  You have to stop and look up for them though, because if you keep walking with your head up, you might step on a surprise left behind by clueless dog.  But that's rare.  Most of the dog guardians :) pick-up the doo-doo. So, if you would like to take a walk after visiting local restaurants on St. Johns Ave, it is a great place to visit.
I love this place! They have clay tennis courts for $2.50 per person! That is about as good as it gets! This place spoils tennis lovers! Friendly staff that run the facility. Awesome! Highly recommend!
