This is a great park to walk your dog! Our little Boston Terrier Mix had so much fun and absolutely loved this place! The park also has great scenery and easy to walk paths. It's probably 1-3 miles in total. So not too big, but enough to get a good walk in. There wasn't a lot of parking, so be sure to get there early if it's a nice day out. There are also picnic spots with grills, if you desire to have a little cookout with friends/family. Great park for both dogs and kids!
We have a great time taking our kids here. They enjoy walking on the trail and learning about the animals. Easy hiking.
Just a nice beautiful setting at sunset. I just naturally relax while walking around with so much natural beauty.
Open 7 days a week sunrise to sunset. Once you enter the park you'll see a big building on your right. It's some educational meeting area that provides information about the park. Take the walking trail down to the water and just enjoy the view of the marshes, the bridge on your right, and try to figure out what's making all those bubbles. I heard talks of gators but have never seen one appear. So no gators but a few people walking their dogs, and I spotted a turtle. Go to the Island Trail and take a self guided tour of the area and animals. Peak over the bridges and see the large amount of fiddler crabs moving around below your feet. There are some benches placed throughout the park - so if you're into journal-ing it makes an ideal spot. If you want to get closer to nature - this is the spot.
This is a great little getaway. FREE and educational for the kids, but also a cute place for a low-key picnic date. I dare you to hike on the trail where they say snakes live. We did, and we survived. It's a great little hike that takes you on a little wooden bridge which leads all the way to the water so you can get a nicer view of the intracostal waterway. Along the hiking trail the kids will have fun trying to identify the animal footprints and there are information posts about the animals that live in the surrounding woods and water. There is a boat docking area, so if you want to cruise along the waters in your canoe or kayak, feel free. I don't have a boat, so I'm not sure how far out it goes, but being in Florida, I would imagine alligators live somewhere nearby. There are picnic tables and a few grills, but make sure you plan your outside luncheon on a good day when it's not too hot or the weather isn't raining -- there are no coverings over the picnic area. If you come during warmer months, you just might see a few fiddler crabs. The baby ones are tiny and sooo adorable!
I started visting this park a little over a year ago and it's a wonderful spot to walk around, look over the Intracoastal, have a picnic.  On nice days there are usually quite a few people out doing just those things.  During the warmer months, be sure to check out the butterfly garden in the front of the park.
Love it here. Nice and peaceful.
