A nice little area in the center of Downtown Jacksonville. If you were to ask me to review Hemming Park maybe a year ago, I would have said it was a beautiful place, that was being underused. But with Hemming Park being the focal point and ground zero of the Downtown Art Walk, Gastrofest 2015 and now Jaxsons Night Market (which I am really excited about). Plus they have put together Friends of Hemming Park organization to help boost some life back in to Hemming Plaza. Everything is on the up and up at Hemming Plaza and the surrounding areas of Downtown Jacksonville. For now and the near future Hemming will be the heartbeat and pulse of Downtown Jacksonville.
During the daytime and during ArtWalk (which happens the first Wednesday evening of every month, Hemming Plaza is a great place.  Later at night, like others have said, it does become overrun with the homeless.   It's located in the middle of downtown Jacksonville and has quite a few great restaurants located nearby as well as the Museum of Contemporary Art and The Jacksonville Library across the street.   There's a lot of shade here, which is very much appreciated during the summer time.  Great place to have a picnic on a weekend during the daytime.  Although I wouldn't really suggest it during the dead of summer because even though there's ample shade, it just gets too darn hot! Considering the number of homeless people who take over at night, I think the COJ does a pretty good job at keeping this park maintained.
It was fine and not to crowded, because it was a rainy Sunday afternoon
Here for the food trucks but I can't check in to any if them. There are 3 here today and tomorrow. The place is nice but over run with the homeless. The city keeps trying to run them off by taking the tables with checkboards on them out and the seats. They are still here peaceful most of them. It's a nice and shady park downtown with a handful of good restaurant around. Some good and some not so good. The not so good were the ones that were really against the food truck with the superior food. It will also be the home park for One Spark in just a short time. Ya
I have coming here all of my life. The local buns have taken over most days. I also used to eat lunch out dee everyday when I worked in the Ed Ball Bldg. I love the fountain on the center.
Although this park gets a bad rap sometimes, it can be an excellent place to grab a breather and just people watch.
One Spark is being held here from April 9-13.  Hemming Plaza is a good place to hold this event.  There is a monorail you can take to get there since it's difficult to find parking nearby.  I wasn't a fan of the monorail since they only had one side operating instead of both sides.
Artwalk at the Plaza is the best. Rain has been beating the area for days but people still come out with umbrellas in hand to man the rain that never came. Rain and the Artwalk actually gave a great excuse to wear those rain boots that have been hibernating in my closet! Walk around the plaze and enjoy the great artitecture of downtown, vendures of art & crafts, booths filled with information and free items and samples, and performers between 5-9 every first Wednesday.
Hemming Plaza is a nice public park in the middle of downtown. I've spent time there while visiting JAX and also when I've been in town strictly during a Greyhound layover. Sure, it has some homeless and transient types during the day, but it's a big enough area for everyone.
