I'm so pleased with the classes here. They offer so many times, seven days a week. Even a 7:00 pm one three times a week that I love so much. I'm not a morning person and I get off work at 6, so this class is so perfectly timed for me. But way more than convenient times, the attention to detail at this studio is incredible. I've been to several Bikram classes, mostly in Austin, but nothing compares. I've had the pleasure of having two teaches here. One was man who's name I can't remember and the other was Mary. Both led so well. They are calm, relaxed and encouraging. They also pay strict attention to the room temp, which I have never seen done before. All the other places I've been just set it and forget it. Here, they make constant, quiet adjustments that really do make a huge difference in my performance. Between the standing and sitting sets, Mary opens the door for just a moment allowing a cool breeze to waft over everyone which calms me for the next half. I don't know if that's customary and I've just been so some crappy studios, but it makes such a positive difference. I am three classes into a Groupon and will definitely be buying a membership when it runs out. I love how I feel after leaving class. I highly recommend Radiance.
Sorry. I have to dock a few stars off for the the smell. I got a groupon for 10 classes but only used 2. I've done hot yoga before. But bikram was relatively new. I guess it wasn't for me.. Too structured. The facilities are clean, with the exception of the room.. The carpet smelled.. Maybe it was just that day. Anyways, I haven't gone back.
Went for a Sunday class and was majorly off put by the instructor (he was visiting from out of town to lead a workshop). His style wasn't what I'm used to but by the end this seasoned (20+ year) bikram yogi had us all laughing. I haven't taken a regular class there so I couldn't judge other classes but the studio is a nice size, as in my neighbor's sweat wasn't flying towards me every second. There are showers In there, obviously a bonus after an hour and a half of 105 degree temps!
My favorite yoga studio in Jacksonville!!! I live in Atlantic Beach and drive to Radiance when I can. The studio is large and clean, the staff is friendly and helpful, and they offer class times that fit most schedules.
I took class twice here and had two very different experiences. Although I am skeptical of compressing the Bikram series into less than 90 minutes my first 75 minute class with Ally was superb. Her timing, temperature control, positive energy and balance of allowing for meditation between postures was masterful. I had several 'ah ha!' Moments even three years into a committed practice. My second 60 minute class however wasn't 'bad' per se...but it was dangerous. Teaching the Bikram series without time to recuperate is one choice, but encouraging students to 'bend your knee' while kicking out in standing head to knee is just plain wrong. I would avoid 60 minute classes for pure safety's sake...I would love to try their 90 minute series.
Really lovely studio. Everything is top-notch. Locker rooms are incredibly nice and showers were amazing. I can't remember my teacher's name unfortunately, but she was great. Delivered the dialogue clearly and pushed us to our limits without being militant. Also, your first class is free! YAY! If I'm ever back in the area, I'll be coming back to this studio!
I really like this place! Good instructors and nice, clean facility with amenities like showers, etc. The yoga room is large enough to have space and the temperatures are nice and hot, but there's doors so it can be cooled with fresh air at the end. I would recommend!
Great facility and well maintained. I have been to other Bikram studios and this is one of the best I have ever seen. There are some other reviews that mention a bad smell. I have had 8 classes here in the last 6 weeks and have never noticed a funky gym-like smell, which has been common at other studios. Good mix of beginners and advanced Yogies. Friendly and welcoming staff and very good instructors. A little pricey, but maintaining the body the right way is never going to be cheap!
My friend Kristin & I attended Bikram Hot Yoga classes here. I had never taken any yoga class -- let alone, HOT YOGA! I sweat more than I ever had in my life during a workout. With that said, I felt amazing after I left. Energized & awesome. I also read that during a 90 minute Bikram hot yoga class -- you burn around 600 calories. How awesome is that?! Either way -- I'll be going back. Plus, they have a deal where you sign up for 1 month (your first month) and it's $40.00 for unlimited classes.
I've heard a lot of good things about hot yoga so I was excited when my friend invited me to join her in what would be the first class for both of us. The waiting area and bathroom was very clean and it was a very enjoyable experience that physically pushed me, but I came out of the class annoyed. I felt like the instructor had a tendency to talk down to people.I watched as he pushed a guest to spend an extra $24 to receive a month's worth of classes. Despite her repeated attempts of telling him she wanted to try one class before committing, he persisted until her friend defended her. I brushed it off. It's his job after all, but then in the class he took a break to tell the students off for not taking care of the studio. He even said that they had to close the studio down for a day due to a plumbing issue which he attributed to students not being careful with what they flushed down the toilet. When I'm sweating my butt off, in the middle of what is suppose to be a stress free class, I don't like to be berated. I go to yoga for the emotional environment and I just didn't find it here. Maybe it was the instructor. Plus, I've never went to a yoga studio that charged me for a towel and yoga mat to borrow because I forgot my mat and he said my towel wasn't large enough....
This studio was CLEAN, GORGEOUS and AWESOME. my only complaint was that the studio was not very hot. it was more like "warm" yoga :)
