Kayak Amelia, and the surrounding area, is my absolute, favorite place in all of Jacksonville. From the moment that I hit Heckscher, when I exit off 95, I am just immediately in relax mode. The Intracoastal area is utterly beautiful and it's a wonderful drive, even with the number of cars that you can get stuck behind. I can never get enough of it. I started going up to Kayak Amelia sometime last summer, as I found that a local outdoors business, Irishwaterdogs, hosts an event for Veterans on the first Sunday of every month. Irishwaterdogs sponsors everything, so Veterans get kayaks, paddles, life vests and fishing gear free of charge for the day. You can paddle either north or south on Simpson Creek. I've usually only gone north and it's typically a nice paddle. There's a bit of current, but not too much to be worried about. During yesterday's trip, I actually made it to Bird Island, which is the small bit of beach between the little bay at the end of Simpson Creek and the ocean, for the first time! If you keep a steady pace, you can typically do a round trip in 4 hours. If you have slower folks with you or teens, I wouldn't go all the way out. There's a ton of different wildlife to be seen, too . Sand sharks, manatees, birds of all kinds, fish. Be careful if you get out of your kayak anywhere in the creek. There are oyster beds everywhere. Water shoes are an absolute must. There are some refreshments and such in the office, but I definitely recommend to pack a small cooler, either to take with you in the kayak or to have in your car when you get back. The owners of Kayak Amelia are really great folk. Always really friendly and willing to help. Make sure to say hi to Dylan, their giant Bernese Mountain Dog in the office, before you head out.
I went for a weekend in Amelia recently and on our way we drove by this place and figured we would make it an adventure for the following day.  For roughly $35, at least when I went, you will get a single kayak for four hours. They have a nice map that will show you the north and south water trails through the marsh lands that go all the way to the ocean. It is an easy and chill kayak and you'll see jumping fish and people fishing all along the way. Very remote and relaxing while being so close to Amelia and the ocean.
I have been kayaking and stand up paddle board (SUP) yoga at Kayak Amelia. Each time I have gone I've packed a picnic lunch, taken the ferry over, which makes a wonderful day trip when friends and family are in town visiting. Various birds and other wildlife all around, jumping fish everywhere! The staff at Kayak Amelia are awesome! They are professional and laid back. The grounds are well kept and quaint, the bathroom is clean, the whole ol' floridian feel. Kayaking is always a blast here and the views are gorgeous! You get a map with a rental, pay attention and follow the map, you can kayak into brackish water and out into the ocean onto a sand bar bird sanctuary island! Remember! Leave only footsteps, take only pictures! Try the SUPY (stand up paddle yoga)! I'm pretty rusty when it comes to yoga and had never been on a paddle board before trying the class. I had so much fun! I'm telling all my friends and plan on going again in a few weeks! Also, the online class scheduling is super easy and convenient.
Their "3 hour kayaking adventure" was not exactly as advertised.  Our tour started late, we were told when we put our kayaks in the water that there was a music festival taking place on a barge nearby + if the 1 hour wait to be taken back to the original location was to be included in the 3 hour adventure, that should have been stated up front.  If I'd known that there was a music event taking place + that the sounds of the boats motoring to the location would disrupt wildlife + our tour, I'd have made other arrangements.  Note to Kayak Amelia owners:  Be honest with your customers before you take their payment.  This was not the 1st time I've been kayaking + it won't be the last time, but I will not go with Kayak Amelia again or recommend them to any of my friends visiting the area.  Sorry.
Let me begin by saying I know absolutely nothing about kayaking. N-O-T-H-I-N-G!   But, I wanted to find some sort of kayaking tour, or event, that would expand my limited horizons but at a beginners-beginner level.  After some Googling I found the Kayak Adventures website and gave them a buzz.  No one answered initially; this was a bit off putting.  But, happily within 15 minutes a cheery kayaking enthusiast called me back.  And let me tell you this gal knew everything about this well loved water sport!  I expressed my fears about being a novice in this realm, and she quickly overcame each fear with a positive, knowledgeable note. The tours are numerous, so peruse the website listed to see what may be of interest.  And, I must say they are very reasonably priced as well.  The kayaking tour I booked was a 5 hour adventure through Guana River Reserve.   The price of this wonderful estuary excursion was amazingly only $60.00.   Rachel, the kayaking guide was super friendly and gave a beginning kayaking safety mini course before the trip.  Throughout this peaceful tour Rachel pointed out historical facts, spectating alligators and an incredible line up of indigenous birds. What a truly wonderful experience with the perfect guide!  I will definitely be booking another kayaking adventure through this company as there are so many tours to choose from. 5 stars for this wonderful experience and company!
Get out into the salt marsh people! And it doesn't get any easier than this. You drive up, park, pay, carry a yak down to the dock, paddle up the creek. Lots of wildlife to be seen - see the whiteboard at the office where people record their sightings: shark, spoonbill, manatee, etc. Paddle with the tides and you will have an easier time seeing more features. Call ahead and plan your trip accordingly. Pick a day with favorable tides that work with your time slot. 4 hours is plenty of time to paddle out to bird island. So cool to be on your own little sand island. As the tide comes in, the flats are occupied with crabs and bait fish. Good day trip with the special someone. Get the tandem rather than 2 yaks. They could do a better job with the "gift shop" merchandise. Everything in there is collecting dust. I think they should sell/rent fishing stuff, but that's just me.
The scenery was beautiful, the day started out rainy but got sunny on our trip back up stream. We got there kinda late in the day and only had 2 hours on the water. The lady didn't seem to happy that we showed up so late even tho we didn't complain that we only had 2 hours to kayak and paid for 4 hours! She gave us a map and pointed us towards the dock where you have to carry the kayak down a 45degree angle aluminum dock to a floating dock where you get no help in or out. I would of willingly tipped if they had someone that could carry the yak down and help you at least. For having a first timer with us it was difficult, and no safety or instructional at all.
Great people and amazing trail north that leads to ocean! Beware of sharp oyster shells in river water! also bring insect spray to keep bugs away!
This was one of the best kayaking trips we have ever done.  The owners were very nice, and the guide was both educational and entertaining.  All of the kayaking equipment was in fantastic condition. we enjoyed the tour so much that we went back again the next day for another guided trip.
