Made a last minute dinner reservation and opted for the a la carte menu and wow what a difference! Began our meal with foie gras and their version of tuna tartare. The Tuna was cubed along with watermelon and so it was a very nice contrast in flavor and texture together. The Foie Gras was also a delicious blend of savory with a touch of sweet to cut the richness a bit. For entrées we went with the fresh pappardelle pasta with an assortment of seafood in a red sauce and the lamb chops with a side of quinoa "risotto". The pappardelle was cooked to perfect al dente consistency and had a nice chewy bite. Seafood was some chunks of white fish, lobster, shrimp and mussels. Sauce just thick enough and very flavorful. The lamb chomps were grilled to a perfect medium temperature and had a nice gamy flavor to them, though I did wish some kind of mint jelly was served with it. The quinoa risotto was a huge surprise and delicious! I think I prefer this version over the arborio rice version!   We topped the evening off with a banana fosters soufflé. Just spectacular. Still completely perplexed why the tasting menu didn't wow as much as their a la carte menu. However,  will be back for more!
Service was lousy and the dinner was over $300.... I made reservations for Salt several weeks before going.  I emailed the restaurant manager (listed on their website) prior to my visit with dietary concerns for my husband since he suffers from Crohn's.  Needless to say, I never received a response from the manager.  We arrived early and sat in the bar area.  Our bar server was very friendly and fast.  I had a delicious cocktail made with Domaine, Bourbon and lemon juice ($16, but it was good).  We closed out and checked in for dinner around 10 minutes before our reservation... We informed the staff that we were celebrating our anniversary, but we were given no special treatment for this.   This wouldn't be bad, except that we viewed other tables receiving special treatment for their anniversaries.  Not sure why we weren't 'special' enough to be treated the same...  We had also requested a window seat when making reservations, but were sat at a table no where near the window.  It then took our waitress more than ten minutes to come by.  When she did, she was awkward and impolite.  It was very strange service for a restaurant like this.  We were dressed up and ready to have a good time and she really messed up the night with her awkward and off-putting behaviour.   We both ordered the Chef's Adventure and I did mine with the wine pairings.  The waitress brought the pairings whenever she felt like it (not with the courses).  The last wine came out nearly 10 minutes before our dessert showed up.  After eating bread, our waitress brought the first course along with salts to sample.  She told us we should sample the salts with bread...gee... would have been nice to have the salts when the bread came out then lady.. ugh.....! The food itself was incredible (minus the dessert which I'll get to).  The Chef's Adventure started with an amuse-bouche of nice corn/crab chowder and was followed by our favorite, a salmon tartare.  This was so amazing!  My husband was given steak and eggs and I was given Ahi tuna and eggs which were tasty.  We also had a lovely sea bass which was also quite tasty.  The dessert however was a bland and unoriginal Bailey's cake which was very disappointing.   The bill came to over $300.  I wouldn't have minded paying that if the service had matched the food, but I would never ever go back for dinner nor would I recommend anyone I know to attend after the down-right awful serivce.  Bad service can ruin your night, and you don't need to pay someone a small fortune for that kind of experience. If anything, I'd recommend getting a drink and an app in the bar and enjoying the place that way.
Sad to say that Salt was not one of our best culinary experiences while visiting the island. We expected much more for an establishment residing inside the Ritz Carlton. Ambiance was great, as expected. The food was good but not mind blowing. The elements are beautifully presented but there was definitely something lacking to give the evening something extra special. It didn't help that our waiter didn't have it all together. We opted for the chef's adventure tasting menu. I would say that this is more of a leisurely stroll rather than an adventure. Maybe we just expected more given its name. Best thing we had all night was the halibut. (See pics) That was the star of the evening. I struggle to comprehend why this one dish was so outstanding while everything else was so muted. All the stories of the salts failed to come across. How about a little hint about which salt goes with which dish. It ended up being kind of an afterthought. It just made the situation seem a bit tacky.
Very good service!  Excellent and creative food offerings. Be sure to save room for a soufflé. This is definitely not a typical hotel restaurant. This is our seventh visit and we have never been disappointed. Easily the best restaurant on the island and possibly Jacksonville.
We were staying at the hotel and the concierge recommended Salt. It was booked solid, but they were able to get us in at 6:00, so we jumped on the chance. We decided to order off the menu as I wanted to try the steak and eggs- and I am glad I did. The appetizer of fois gras was exceptional, main courses scrumptious and the soufflé was cooked perfectly.Wife ordered halibut and it was wonderful. However, what makes this a special place are the views of the ocean and the phenomenal service levels. Everybody was knowledgable, service was quick and meals were served as soon as they were cooked. Great job to the entire restaurant!
WOW! Just wow. My girlfriends and I dined here on a recent trip to Amelia Island. We made our reservations about a month in advance so I was very much looking forward to dining here and this restaurant definitely exceeded my expectations. It is easily one of the best meals I've ever had! Without much debate, the girls and I decided to try the Chef's Blind Adventure Tasting Menu. For $95, this is a four-course meal to the chef's discretion and each dish is a surprise. At the beginning, the server will ask for allergies or if there's anything we absolutely would prefer not to eat. If you're considering dining here, I personally think this option is the best bang for your buck. It's cheaper than ordering that much food off the menu, and you get to truly experience the chef's creativity. Every dish that arrives is a surprise and it makes for such a fun dining experience! I will spare the details of describing every single dish I had since this menu constantly changes so I will just refer you to my pictures. However, I will say that our starter appetizer, the chilled lobster bisque with crab cake, was quite possibly the best thing I've ever eaten...but everything else was also nothing short of extraordinary. Of course, service is excellent. Definitely worth the price for the experience of dining at this gem. What a treasure!!!
This restaurant is a must try even if you aren't staying at the Ritz.  I was staying at the Ritz but oh my god you have to go here!  I have eaten at many steakhouse and the steak I had at Salt was the BEST steak I have ever had in my entire life.  I got the Steak and Eggs.  To die for.  The steak literally melted on your tongue.  It came with a salt block to cook the steak on, very cool.  My family ordered an array of things all of which were out of this world.  (Veal, Lobster and Steak). A soufflé off the dessert menu is also a must! Just do as I say and eat here!! You won't be disappointed.  Also, ask for Ryan!
I'm updating my review of Salt.  I think for most people, my experience would be five stars, but I'm withholding the last star, partially because I think Salt's corkage rate of $45 is too high but also because I thought the menu was a bit limited.  We did the chef's tasting, which was great, much better than the menu itself. Our tasting started with a salmon tartar, which was pretty good, but I was disappointed that a south eastern restaurant picked Salmon! Our second dish was a pan seared branzino, which was quite good and delicious.   The third dish was some kind of lamb, which was sublime.  Just amazing on top of two mushroom ravioli.  Beautiful. The last dish was soufflés which the waiter did one of each, rather than asking us what we might like, so two of us didn't like ours as each of us would rather have had the chocolate than banana fosters soufflé (yuck!) and the grand marnier soufflé was vanilla and just OK. Overall, the price for the tasting wasn't bad, but the $45 corkage was offensive.  As I don't think I will return to the Ritz at all after their policy on overly inflated corkage, I won't be returning to Salt.
I have lived in NYC all my adult life. I've had many fine dining experiences, most in NYC, large urban American cities or in Europe. But the best meal and dining experience of my LIFE was had at SALT last week at the Ritz Carlton, Amelia Island. We ate at the restaurant one night and the following night, inside the kitchen at the "Chef's Table". Words cannot describe this food. The components of each plate were thoughtful yet exciting, simple yet complex, and delightful to experience. Complimented by a young service oriented wait staff, both nights were ones that left us perfectly happy and content, and not even after 8 courses not "stuffed". Quite a feat!  I would fly back there just to dine at Salt!!
The fine restaurant definitely deserves all the accolades and recognition I have heard about it. Even though I am a native First Coast resident, I have never sojourned up to Amelia Island until recently. I was pretty stoked when my boyfriend told us we had dinner reservations at Salt. The restaurant is located inside the Ritz Carlton, so the atmosphere was already fancy. The Ritz Carlton offers only complimentary valet for all guests. The restaurant has several allusions to the salt theme; salt votives, plates, wall decor. We were ten minutes late but we were promptly seated. We were seated along the window panes and holy guacamole, we happened to be there while there was a wedding fireworks show. We fireworks show lasted well over ten minutes and it totally titillated the pyromaniac in me! Wowzers, what a great start to dinner. We dined here for a birthday occasion. Guests receive complimentary champagne before dinner and gifts from the pastry chef afterwards. Guests also receive amuse bouche from the chef. We received 2. The menu is seasonal, so it adds more to the excitement. The dining options are pretty frickin fantastic. I really really would love to go back and try the chef's 4 course tasting menu. It's 85$ or 130$ if paired with vino. Instead, we decided on a la carte. We had the prawns as an appetizer. You definitely definitely must order this if it is on the menu. The best rendition of "shrimp and grits" I have ever had, and it didn't even have bacon. Plump juicy prawn atop a bed of perfectly texture grits. Every morsel was flavorful but not overwhelming. The presentation was beyond. loved loved loved it, and you would too! I had the wagyu steak, served medium rare. It was the best steak I have ever had. That's saying a lot considering I have had really good steaks from Hal's and Kevin Rathbun Steak, among other fine steakhouses. My dear bf ordered the lamb. I'm not keen on lamb because I'm sensitive to the gamey taste, but he really enjoyed it. We also ordered desserts, but we honestly could have done without, especially since we were given treats in-between our courses. The food, service, and ambience made for an exceptional dining experience.
I came here on Saturday after Valentine's Day. I'm actually getting married at the Ritz in a few months, so I thought I'd try Salt for dinner. It was very busy as it was V-day weekend but we got reservations and ended up getting the tasting menu. I would say that Salt has a great chef, but it was a little over priced for my liking. We started with a raw tuna appetizer, which was OK. The dishes here are very inventive and unique, but flavors are not as exquisite for the price you are paying for. We then had a scallop dish which was great. The best part was the warm heirloom tomato broth that they pour over at the table. The broth was tangy and sweet while the scallop was cooked well. I would say that the broth was a little bit overpowering, though. We then had a grilled lamb chop with a poached 1/2 lobster on the side. The flavors of the lamb were great, but it was very hard to cut through. It might have been the toughness of the meat or the wrong cutlery, but in the end, it made the experience lackluster. The lobster was good, but I mean, you can't go wrong with lobster! We ended with dessert. My fiancee switched out the tasting menu "surprise" dessert with the banana foster souffle (best decision of the night). My dessert was a passionfruit cream with some white chocolate. Again, very inventive, but it was too sweet for my taste. The banana souffle was amazing, though. Soft and warm, it was a very good ending to the night. I would definitely return again (maybe on another wedding planning visit) but would steer away from the tasting menu. I saw a few interesting things on their regular menu that I might just go for next time!
My partner and I went to Salt on a Saturday night when we were staying at the Ritz for the weekend. Overall, it was a fine hotel restaurant, but nothing I would travel for had I not been staying at the hotel. Getting a reservation here was a slight annoyance. We went to the host-stand is on Friday night to inquire about reservations, and she said there was a 30-person waitlist. She also told us that perhaps we could eat at the bar where they don't take reservations, but that's pretty much it. We felt a bit dejected, since we wanted to try this restaurant out. Lo' and behold, we're talking to two friends the next afternoon who said they went that same morning - after us - and got a reservation for that night. What is that about? So we go to the hostess and tell her what happened, and then she said all of a sudden they have availability whenever we want, at 6 or 9 PM. What was the point of telling us that there was a waitlist that magically disappeared? And so we took a reservation for 9 PM, and the restaurant wasn't even filled to capacity when we got there. I have no idea what kind of reservation system they have going on, but it's a failure. We opted for the tasting menu so that we could get a good appraisal of what this restaurant had to offer. We started with the caprese salad, which was tasty and the sort of dish that could really highlight the various salts that they had on the table. After this dish, for whatever reason, we had to wait a good 20 to 30 minutes for the next course. There must've been some problem in the kitchen, because we actually had to say something about how we hadn't seen our server or been served food for a good while. Another dish was the beef short rib, which the server told us not to salt. Why would you serve a dish that you can't actually use salt in a restaurant called Salt? That was kind of random. Honestly, if I didn't have the pictures as a reference, I would forget all the other dishes. I think that speaks volumes to whether this restaurant is memorable or not. Service was adequate, but nothing special. There were so many underwaiters, you would see one once and then never again. It was a as though no one was assigned to our table. Overall, I didn't understand the hype to this restaurant. The view of the ocean is impossible to appreciate when it's night at dinner due to the glare of the lights in the restaurant. I wouldn't go back here again, even if I stayed this Ritz again.
absolutely fabulous, from  impeccable service and knowledge of the food, to the creative pairing and flavors of the dishes. we had a party of 9 having the "chefs adventure", and it was a trip to heaven for the mouth . absolute silence during each course, every face euphoric, we will all be back
There were four of us at dinner.  Each of us ordered something different, 2 meats and 2 fish for mains.  Everything was very good.  Service was fantastic. Not cheap.  But, not as expensive if this was in a major city.   I would definitely recommend Salt.
We dined at Salt twice while spending a week at the Ritz this summer.  The hotel itself is just great, and earns 5 stars on its own.   Nestled on the first floor, just past the reception area, the Salt dining room is extremely attractive and very comfortable.  The service is excellent.  And the views of the coast are sensational -- best in class on AI.  We enjoyed both meals at Salt, and will visit again happily upon a return trip.   That said, based on the four entrees and accompaniments we selected during our pair of visits, we both thought the kitchen at Salt earned a solid "B", but nothing more than that. Sometimes, it is true that the restaurant with the most captivating view, and captive hotel audience, suffers because those built-in advantages mean each plate doesn't always have to be just perfect.  The beautiful dining room and views are more than enough to keep people coming back. We still think Salt is a good choice if you are in the area, and looking for a nice night out.  The view and the vibe are both excellent, and the food is good.
I'm not sure what I could add in my review that has not already been echoed by the other Yelpers. I was happy to learn that the hype was not just hype. We had an insanely awesome experience at Salt. From the picturesque oceanview table to the impeccable service to the perfectly prepared food, I could not have chosen a more elegant location to celebrate my 33rd birthday. We had the Foie Gras to start--no matter how politically incorrect, I LOVE FOIE GRAS. My Dry Aged Ribeye was delicious--the peppercorn salt that accompanied it was perfect. My husband had the Lamb, served with mint salt. YUM. We shared a decadent order of Macaroni and Cheese. Deceiving in its small container, it was rich and filling. Perfect for sharing! For dessert, we selected the Chocolate souffle, served with creme anglaise and homemade Nutella ice cream. Our server brought a white plate decorated with a Happy Birthday message and an assortment of homemade candies. Nice touch :) The service was everything you expect from a Ritz Carlton establishment. Polished but unpretentious. Our server greeted us by our names and wished me Happy Birthday at the beginning of our meal. Really, it was fantastic. Yes, it is pricey. But you will NOT be disappointed!
My 1st anniversary celebration dinner at Salt, the grill at the Ritz Carlton, Amelia Island, has got to be one of my most memorable & fantastic dining experiences I've ever had! After learning about Salt through features on both the Travel Channel & Food Network, I knew this was where I wanted the Hubs & I to celebrate our first anniversary! We made reservations through the Ritz's "Salt Dinner" dining package, which also included accommodations, as well as pre-dinner drinks, a 3 course meal at Salt & of course, valet parking. As for the meal, the Hubs & I were greeted by an extremely friendly & helpful staff, who welcomed us by name, took the Hub's coat & offered us celebratory champagne! The menu is updated daily to reflect the chef's specialties and fresh ingredients & I have to say, everything sounded phenomenal... it was a hard decision. After receiving my wine & the Hub's scotch neat, we were served the amuse bouche which consisted of fresh lobster salad served over hearts of palm puree with a topping of micro-chives - I selected a citrus salt to sprinkle (there are over 40 specialty salts!!!) and it was scrumptious! After the amuse bouche, we were offered bread; I selected the Gruyere biscuit & the hubs a Sourdough roll, both warm & perfect. Then, it was time for the starter... the Hubs really enjoyed a seared sea scallop served over southern grits with some sort of sweet pepper jelly sauce & I devoured my crab cake served over a shallow dish of chowder and tasty foam : - ) Then, it was time for the main event - entrees! The hubs has fresh salmon, which tasted like it had been cooked on a ceder plank, while I had the fillet Mignon accompanied by the "Salt Mac & Cheese" - a MUST try when you're fortunate enough to go! The Salt Mac & Cheese was actually cous cous pasta combined with a sharp cheddar cheese sauce, then charred (much like creme brulee) on the top to create the perfect top - YUM. Finally desert was served & mine was phenomenal. It was the blueberry souffle with a Limenchello anglase, simply stated = perfection. The Hubs had the key lime, in textures and enjoyed it as well. At the end of the mean, as our check was being delivered so was an adorable sweets presentation with "Happy First Anniversary" scripted in chocolate sauce accompanied by homemade truffles & peanut caramels - fantastic! Eating at Salt was an amazing experience and the ideal way for me & the Hubs to celebrate our first anniversary!
Salt, The Grill has raised the bar on restaurant experiences. I had wanted to visit Salt with my SO for quite a long time but had never had the opportunity to visit. What better time then when we were on our honeymoon? After reading the reviews I was looking forward to a splendid evening. And spectacularly splendid it was! We were treated to a glass of champagne when they learned we we there celebrating our recent nuptials. Being one that's not afraid of anything these days we both signed on for the Chef's Adventure and splurged on the wine pairings as well. Our breads that evening were an olive bread & a Gruyere roll. With the fresh butter and accompanying salts, we knew we were in for a treat. The salts the waitress brought to our table were a pink Himalayan salt,  a black peppercorn salt that they blend on site, and a smoked salt. A little pinch of the latter and you had a campfire flavor snaking across your tongue. I could describe the whole evening, but I'll be here forever recounting every last morsel. It's not like I can recommend that you order it if you ever make it there; we left it in the hands of the chef. All I can say is it was the best tasting menu I have ever had. I've had many tasting menus over the years and there's always that one dish that just didn't hit top notch. Every single dish we were brought was more impressive than the last. Salt had me eating mushrooms which is something I don't do. Ever. To top off a fantastic meal, we were treated to house-made candies with Congratulations!! written on the plate. Congratulations should to Salt for creating another big fan.
Truly worth all of the 5 star reviews and then some. SALT is a destination dining experience, though if you are fortunate enough to be staying at the Ritz Carlton on Amelia Island as my mom and I were last weekend, so much the better! Out of 3 nights, we dined here 2 of them and had a magnificent experience each time despite our non-traditional approach to the menu. My mom and I decided to actually split a single steak, the delectable, tender and oh-so-flavorable 10 oz Australia Kobe strip steak and it was more than plenty for each of us. The restaurant handled this request with pure aplomb and professionalism which we really appreciated as I was reluctant at first to ask to split an entree, but neither of us are able to eat  a big steak and we didn't want to waste the meaty deliciousness, especially when we topped it with some of the smoked Yakima salt, further enhancing the savory taste. We also enjoyed several sides: the amazing mac and cheese, a deep pot de creme style ramekin stuffed with piping hot pearl shaped pasta embedded in a sharp cheddar cheese sauce and topped with toasted buttery panko bread crumbs. Scrumptious! The mashed potatoes were silky and creamy and tasted even better topped with a few sprinkles of the peppercorn studded salt. I adored the bread that was offered as well: the sourdough rye was served warm and tender and perfectly chewy. Slathered with a bit of the French butter, it was pure heaven! Fantastic service each meal, and a special kudos to the kitchen for splitting everything for us in the back so we could each enjoy our steak on an entree sized plate with the slated accompaniment of a few seasonal vegetables plus a small portion of asparagus flan. Nice touch!
We went to Salt for our anniversary and ordered the tasting menu with accompanying wine flights.  The experience was amazing and the service was above and beyond most restaurants. They accommodated my pascatarian husband without me having to give up having meat for my 3rd course, which delighted me. Following the amuse bouche, the 1st course was a chilled tomato soup with heirloom tomatoes and goat cheese. The square of goat cheese was breaded and fried so that when you pierced it, the melted cheese flowed into the soup!  Amazing! The 2nd course was salmon with cucumber and green bean pickled salad.  I don't usually enjoy anything pickled excepts pickles, but the paper thin cucumber wafers topped with green beans were just the right amount of sweet to enhance the salmon, which was crusted on the outside and tender and moist inside. The 3rd course included risotto with tenderloin. Both were cooked to perfection. We had a selection of salts on the table that were great to pair with this course. The 4th course was dessert.  The homemade strawberry sorbet was the best I have ever had. It was served in a peanut crisp. The dessert also included a small chocolate mousse. Every course was perfectly paired with wine - making this a delectable experience that I will be dreaming about for some time to come. It was very expensive, but worth every penny for this special anniversary.
On 8/31/12 I was staying at the Ritz for a business trip and decided to try Salt situated in the hotel.  I went down to the restaurant alone.  I sat at the bar and was informed that they were only serving appetizers at the bar.  I had perused the menu beforehand and had my eye on a vegetarian dish.  I went to the Hostess and explained I was going to sit at the bar but wanted an entree and that the bar was only serving appetizers.  (Mind you I was the only one at the bar and no exceptions could be made coupled with the fact I'm a hotel guest).  She said she could not accommodate me at a table.  I looked around to see many empty tables.  I'm not sure if it's because I was alone.   I went back to the bar and had a tasteless tuna appetizer which I didn't finish.  The bartender was the only pleasant part of the establishment.   I sat and watched a couple walk in and inquire about a table and got seated after having a drink at the bar.  They didn't have reservations.  I wouldn't recommend this establishment to anyone.
While the food and service was certainly good, we weren't overwhelmed. As a AAA 5 diamond restaurant the food and service should be exceptional. Not sure if this was just an off night, but the food and wine pairings from the chefs tasting menu were very ordinary.  One of the wines we have at home and bought at Costco for $20. Not in the same league as true 5 diamond restaurants such as Victoria and Alberts, which is head and shoulders above Salt in both food and service. Salt is more deserving of a 4 diamond rating IMO. In summary, good but not great-didn't live up to the hype. Given the prices there are many better options.
You're not imagining things, this restaurant is all about salt. In addition to the entrées, appetizers, and desserts (all of which are delicious), you will be provided with a selection of flavored salts designed to  compliment your meal. Yes, the right salt can be just as important to a good meal as the right wine. Service is as good as you will find outside New Orleans, the decor is open and not cramped - with many of the decorations carved out of slabs of salt. I suggest for your first outing, order the Chef's Adventure and let the chef and staff show off their creativity. For a treat or special day, reserve the Chef's table, and eat right in the kitchen and learn, as I did, that I cook about as well as I dance. Plan a triple-digit bill, especially with wine, and if you tip the six or more people who will serve you less than 20% your mother will be disappointed in you. Reservations are a must on weekends and holidays. You can generally walk up during the week if you're an early diner. The island has many great restaurants, but Salt and 29 South are the must-trys.
Excellent service.  Very creative butternut squash soup with cranberries and nuts.  Excellent flounder.  Fresh warm rolls with their famous salts.  Uncomfortable chairs with a hard back.  A special occasion restauant.
4 hour 7 course dinner in the kitchen. The meal was amazing. .Servicewas impeccable
Everything at Salt was amazing: the service was fantastic (they easily kept up with our large group and our short time constraints) and the food was amazing. We tried every type of salt placed on our table, and were amazed by how the salt really complemented each course. I heard rave reviews from my fellow diners about everything they ordered. Because our group was quite large, we each ordered an entree and then we ordered on order of each side dish to share family-style. That worked out perfectly because we were able to sample each side dish, and we would not have had room to eat an entire side each. I highly recommend this restaurant; you can't go wrong here!
Top of the line across the board from the layout to the food and desserts. We went off the menu but they do have a "Chef's experience" where if you elect it they chef will surprise you will a 4 course meal and you can elect wines to go with it.  At the prices on the menu I didn't want to be surprised by anything. I went with the Fillet, excellent and the Chocolate Mocha Souffle, all that and then some! Highly recommend. We had a 7pm reservation and were amazed at the number of families who brought their kids into the restaurant.
If you're seeking high-end haute cuisine then you've dialed the right number. Enjoyed the 4-Course Chef's tasting menu which was exceptional. - Butternut squash soup was wonderful and served elegantly over maple/ nut "cookie" with creme fraishe poured over it. - Wagyu new york strip sliced and topped with roasted red pepper coulis was excellent as well. - A different slice of homemade breads with each course! If you have the means I would strongly recommend an evening here.
I took my wife to Salt for Valentine's Day.  I read all the reviews for the best restaurant northern Florida had to offer.  From all of the reviews, Salt was on top.  So, I reserved it 3-4 months prior to arriving.  To my surprise, it was a great experience for the both of us. Great food.  The food was amazing.  It was a set meal, because it was a special occasion.  The choices were awesome.  My wife and I got different items, and we shared the food.   Great atmosphere.  Place was lovely.  I ambiance was nice and quiet.  Decoration was nice.  Service was great.  overall, it was a good experience.  It is probably one of the best experience my wife and I have had in years.
Located at Ritz Carlton. Fancy place and nice atmosphere. Annette and I did wine paring option with meal- 4 courses.   Place features different salts to experiment and try on bread and food.   Service and staff were very attentive.
This is my new number 1 restaurant in the world. Sorry Valentino's(in Venetian in Vegas). The service, the food, the little touches to make the dining experience just that much better. You must go!!
What can I say about Salt that hasn't been said?  Nothing the place is perfect.  I have eaten at great places all over the world and this one stands up to any place, period.  The staff is perfect, the setting is perfect, and the food is perfect. We have had the pleasure of having the Tasting Menu a few times at Salt and it has never disappointed not even in the least.  Only little complaint which isn't even that much of a complaint at all is that we got Halibut back to back on the tasting. The new chef, or new to me, didn't skip a beat when he took over. We were taken to the back and allowed to view the kitchen and the chef's table and finally after asking forever for my wife to do that with me she gave in and said our next trip there we can do the chef's table.  I am pumped to say the least. Keep up the incredible work Salt!
I recently had the opportunity to eat at SALT once again and everything was just as I hoped for. We began the evening at the SALT bar where our bartender Matt mixed me a Manhattan with flair and my friend a pineapple mojitto from scratch. We headed over to dinner, and the table already decided on the tasting menu before hand so spent time browsing the menu for our own benefit and were in Chef Rich's hands for the evening.   Fresh bread and butter, bread options were multigrain, sourdough, and Gruyere. The butter was a low moisture French churned butter. It turns out that each of the breads was freshly made in The Ritz-Carlton pasty shop on site every night.   Our amuse bouche was seared big eye tuna with micro greens. Our server Patty explained how SALT uses A++ tuna, apparently the best grade of tuna possible to get (and readers of my reviews know what a sucker I am for great tuna). I, because of my drive, decided not to take part in the optional wine pairings with dinner but the other two did.   An important note, SALT requests that the whole table order the tasting/adventure menu so that timing on the plates is correct. They do not require that you all get the wine, so I was able to opt out of wine, while my two dinner guests enjoyed them.   Our first course was King Salmon Tartar with roasted corn, boiled quail eggs, and Brussels sprouts. This was all served under one of the traditional Ritz-Carlton silver domes, which the chef had blown apple wood smoke into. The salmon was clearly chopped by hand, and not in a food processor because the texture was substantial enough to stand up our forks and come away with chucks of fish rather then a paste.   We got our second course, poached asparagus with peas, morel mushrooms, and Tasmanian crab chucks. This course was a dressed up version of a homemade classic. Who hasn't had Tasmanian crab at home? This one was just dressed so a bit more rich then your classic home dish, expertly crafted and devilishly rich.   Our main course was south Texas antelope that the chefs had filleted rolled into a pinwheel and stuffed with cherries and black truffles. I'm sure you might be skeptical about eating something from Texas, or antelope but I can tell you it hardly had any game taste to it, and if Chef Rich, who brought this course to us himself, hadn't told us what it was we wouldn't have known any different. This was not my favorite, but the other two at the table raved about this dish the whole time.   The final course was dessert, it was pineapple pana cotta soaked with rum. It was delightfully light and refreshing and didn't leave us weighted down at the end of the meal.   The whole experience at SALT is a treat. Everything from the service, to the atmosphere, to the food was top notch and, excuse the pun, very ritzy. It's a real adventure to eat at SALT when I know everything I eat is going to be so good. I really find it exciting to try something new that I would typically not order. So what have I learned in my trips to The Ritz-Carlton's main dining room? Anything you get will be top notch, these people are real professionals, let them take care of you. Our server Patty, and her assistant Joanna were a joy, and a lot of fun to talk with. Part of their job is to guide you thru the menu and they have done it with gusto. Tell them what you are looking for and what you don't like and they will take care of the rest. The kitchen is flexible in so far as they will try and accommodate you as best as possible if there are dietary restrictions, or foods that you just will not eat. All in all the experience was one that left me very happy and I can't wait to return. If you are lucky enough to have dinner at SALT get ready for a meal that you will not soon forget.
We did the 4 course tasting. Food, Wine, & Service was incredible. I would recommend the experience to anyone.
Amazing dining experience. Really, we felt like we were celebrities enjoying our evening out. The staff addressed us by name each time they encountered us. We decided on the chef's surprise menu and were delighted at each segment of the meal. A few of the highlights were the avocado soup with peekaboo crab, absolutely delicious. They gave us a card with the recipe at the end of the meal. I've made it and it's easy to duplicate. We also loved the New York strip on a bed of orzo with goat cheese. Really, everything was so flavorful and fabulous. The service was perfect, the view unbelievable. Thank you to everyone at Salt.
Definitely worth the 5 diamond rating.  Named for the different varieties of salt they serve and the seaside setting.  A really romantic place for dinner.  We enjoyed the 4 course with wine pairing and it was truly spectacular.   A gem for the island and surrounding area.
Delicious food with fabulous service in a relaxing setting.  I recommend the prawns and steak.  The mashed potatoes are not worth the calories.
Had a celebratory family dinner at Salt this week. Hands down, best meal we've had ... anywhere. Part of the reason was we went with the chef tasting menu. You would be wise to put yourself in their hands, as long as you are open to the adventure. On this particular evening, sushi, roast pork, micro salads and surprising combinations were on offer. Request a table near the window looking out at the sea. A peak dining experience.
Best. Meal. Ever.  Well, certainly in Florida, that's for sure!  We were able to get the CHEF'S TABLE, in the kitchen, for an 8 course tasting - it was superb, to say the least.  Every chef came in to say hello, deliver a dish, and explain the workings of Salt.  They gave us logo aprons and let us walk around the kitchen, asking the chefs questions and watching them prepare and plate dishes. Super cool. The executive chef went the extra mile, preparing an amazingly creative tasting menu and made us feel part of the staff practically.  Expensive, but well worth it!
Wow. Beautiful ambiance. Amazingly creative cuisine.  This is THE place for fine dining on Amelia Island or in the Jacksonville area.
We had the 4 course chef specialities. It is an amazing deal. The food is fabulous.
I had a lovely birthday dinner here. I tried the tasting menu with the wine paring. It was delicious! The different salts were a bit overwhelming, but the server explained them pretty well. I just don't season my food on a normal basis when I go out to eat, so this was a little weird to me. I would recommend this place if someone happened to be staying in Amelia Island.
Came here on our last night in FL with my boyfriend. Tried the chef's choice 4 course meal. Everything was delicious and the service was impeccable. The chef even gave us an additional starter course and dessert even though we weren't celebrating anything in particular! I got up to use the restroom, and shortly after my boyfriend said they removed my napkin and folded a new one that was waiting for me when I returned. In terms of the salt choices, there were many. All interesting to try, but none actually necessary to use on the food since it was already so delicious. Great restaurant even though it is pricey. Well worth it.
Great food with such a good set of spiced salts. I especially liked the bread assortment and the tuna carpaccio was superb. Get the local fish which is the snapper. Everything is fresh but this is caught right off the coast. Good experience all around and the service for a birthday was superb. Wine list is great but expensive. Expect to be there a while because things take time to make. this is especially true of the desserts.
Delicious. Was there for a business dinner. The local salad with blue cheese cubes was great. The (home made?) pappardelle pasta with lobster meat and a few other delictable surprises was outstanding. My colleagues enjoyed the chilled tomato soup and filet. Several good looking selections made narrowing down the choices challenging. Terrific spot for special occasions.  Salt is not related to Sea Salt in Naples, FL, though the theme of different types of salts yielding different flavors to enhance taste is similar -  rest assured this place in the Ritz Carlton is much more "high falutin", without being pretentious.
Excellent food and service.
Salt has amazing food I think everyone should go at least once. Also if it is available request the kitchen table it is an interactive experience. Definitely fine dining.
Hands down the best on the Island.  Impeccable service, extraordinary food, lovely surroundings.  We consider each visit initself as a special occasion, so do not  try to wait for one.  The menu changes, so trust your well trained served for honest opinions.  Wines range from affordable to quite special; the house wine is very palate friendly.
A wonderful experience. We ate here on our recent honeymoon. The service was excellent and the food was fabulous. We did the Chef's tasting menu, which I felt was reasonably priced for the experience. We were asked if we were celebrating a special occasion when we made reservations so I made sure to mention we were honeymooning. A friend of mine said they love to give away free champagne, which was offered to is as well, but we don't drink. They gave us one of the best tables in the house with a beautiful view of the beach. The food was good but the experience really made it worth our time and money. They treated us like royalty and made sure our every need was met before we even knew there was a need. They made sure to make us feel special and the chef even sent out a plate of chocolates as a congratulations on our marriage. We will likely return for an anniversary in the future.
Just came from the special New Years Eve dinner. We've eaten there several times before and are fond of the place, but they absolutely outdid themselves tonight. I think this restaurant could easily be on a list of top ten restaurants in the country. Impeccable service and inventive food. Can't beat it!
Have eaten at the best places in the world...Salt is absolutely fabulous and could match any. The kitchen tour offered by the outstanding staff to finish the evening made the night an even greater experience and completely amazed my 10 year old Son, who loves food.  Simply put, Salt is fabulous on all fronts and  I highly recommend.
Great restaurant with innovative menu. Go with the chef tasting menu with wine pairing. Great, attentive service.
Great service
We have been to Salt at least ten times and it's been fabulous EVERY time! An excellent place for those special occasions. Food is delicious and perfectly prepared. Drinks are great. Service is unparalleled. David has been our repeat waiter. He is terrific but everyone we have been served by was wonderful. They treat you like royalty and you will have one of the best meals you've ever eaten!
