This is for the new location it moved across San Jose, next to TJ Maxx now Oh my gosh I love this store!!!  So much cool stuff!!!!  I really love everything in here... ok they have super cool home decorations, gourmet hard to find foods (a lot of imported foods here)  great modern furniture, cool cards, great stuff for your kitchen, the list goes on and on, if i had unlimited money I would go crazy in here!
My favorite place to shop for cool stuff.  They have everything I need for my little flat on the Southside and it is worth the drive to get there. Not much more to say than that.  Good stuff, moderately priced, and a staff that makes you glad you came.
It is impossible to come in here and not buy something! They have a little of everything, and a very nice beer and wine selection that won't hurt the wallet! The employees are friendly and knowledgeable, one even helped me while she was on her break!
I ordered a dining table online and picked it up in store. It was my first time at the San Jose location and  it is very nice inside! The staff was wonderful! Thanks so much for the help!!! I LOVE my table,,,
They just moved locations but didn't move far! They're having huge sales on frames and art! Go take advantage as we step into Fall!
WHY WHY WHY is there not one of these store closer to my home(Tampa)??? I walked in and instantly hit by the most adorable things to decorate a home. I recently moved and I am in the market for cute home accessories. Too bad I couldn't take the entire store home with me. What i really liked about it is how adorable everything seemed to be. I love little knick knacks and this store is full of them. I think my friends and I easily spent about a hour in there. Next time I am in a city that has this store, I will surely be there!
A fun place to pick up decorations and gifts (for yourself or for others). They have some fun and adventurous foods (and wines!) towards the back. I love that you can pick out various foodstuffs and they'll make up a basket for you. This is a must stop for me when I'm in the Mandarin area.
This is a great store to get all kinds of unusual knick knacks for the house, gourmet foods and drinks to construct a macked out gift basket or if you are looking for some uniquely styled furniture in dark woods, this is definitely a fun place to peruse! It doesn't seem as if the furniture here is high end stuff, but there is some low to moderate priced furniture that would be great for good looking, less-practical usage.  The higher priced furnishings seem a bit sturdier. But this is a fun store to peruse as they have a little smattering of a lot of different and unique items from around the world and the inventory seems to switch up every other month or so to introduce new promotional elements for the store.   During the holidays World Market has a spectacular array of international holiday ornaments and décor!  Gorgeous stuff!!
This is a very fun store and the prices are good.  I bought quite a bit of decorations and a housewares. I always try to stop in and see what is new, I like the location in Jacksonville Beach.
Every time I visit World Market I ask the employees my favorite question "When are you going to bring World Market to Tampa!?"  The first time I visited this awesome store was on a trip to Jacksonville to visit my family.  After a quick stop in, I ended up with 2 different pieces of art for my home as well as a plethora of different types of wine. On my most recent visit, I stopped in to pick up a birthday gift for a friend.  I ended up finding a good bottle of wine, wine clothing, mustache magnets, mustache drink stickers, happy birthday pasta and pesto, and a hot sauce variety pack.  That list just goes to show the sheer variety of items in this store! One final thing - the price.  If you sign up for the discount club, you are able to get markdowns on everything you purchase in the store.  They also frequently have sales.  Even if the items aren't on sale, they are offered at a very fair price.  I really cannot wait for the day that I hear that they are building a World Market closer to my home!
This is definitely a store containing A Little of This and A Little of That. Both alcoholic and non alcoholic beverages, cookware, novelty anything, somewhat unique furniture (I have my eyes on an adorably old chaise!), exotic snacks, seasonings and ingredients, candles, decorations....everything you can think of, this store has it in moderate quanitity. If you are looking for something to make your home pop, this may or may not be it for you. For example, I am decorating my living room to represent autumn (my favorite season), so I am looking for all things red, orange and yellow...needless to say I didn't find anything of the sort here. But if you are going for a dark and woody motif, World Market is definitely where you want to shop. I have so far fallen in love with their non alcoholic drinks. I tend to get tired of the same old beverages (tea, juice, water, ginger ale, coffee), and I believe World Market will satisfy my cravings for variety. I just finished off a small bottle of Georgia Peach Sparkling Juice (100% juice!) and all I can say is YUM! I bought 3 other flavors and can't wait to wash something down with them lol Their whole back wall is stocked with a plethora of non alcoholic drinks; I plan on working my way through all of them :-)
I can't get into this too much because I'm addicted. It's like writing a review for plastic surgery. It won't kill you, but it could make you broke over superficial stuff. But the sale prices are really really good. And the selection of patio furniture is fantastic. Better than Pier One, that's for sure. Go there if you are worldly and like to save.
