I have been to both this location and the Jacksonville Beach location and I prefer to this one. The food was fresh and very good. I liked the ambiance and walking out onto the water. Great combination of good food, drinks, atmosphere, and fun!
This is an amazing place to eat. The setting is on a dock on a river. You could see gators and manatees on the river. There is a gator in an enclosure in the restaurant. Your kids will love this place. Bring some change to buy fish food so your kiddies can feed the fish from the deck. The food is... decent... To me, the main dishes are great and stand head and shoulders over the sides. That was the assessment if all four members of our party. Some entrees we had were BBQ shrimp and scallops and grilled shrimp and scallops. These were all well cooked and absolutely fresh and delicious. The sides unfortunately tasted like they came from a hospital cafeteria. Things like fries, mac and cheese and mashed potatoes tasted as if absolutely no thought or effort was given. The place is still a cool spot and I'll be back but I'll order very carefully.
The ambiance of Clark's Fish Camp is quirky and fascinating. It is a casual atmosphere of wooden tables, surrounded by a menagerie of stuffed animals (Rumored to be one of the largest privately owned collections of taxidermy in the country). The unusual selections extend to the menu including: gator, antelope, ostrich, kangaroo, and snake to name a few. If you like scallops, the charbroiled version is plentiful (I've included a photo) and delicious!!! Because we had a party of 8 (minimum for a reservation, we did not wait). It usually stays very busy, but they seem accustomed to this, and operate efficiently. Find this out-of-the-way gem for a delightful evening of out-of-the-ordinary dining. And it is FABULOUS for kids too!
If you wanna bring someone to a local, Jacksonville only, southern fish camp restaurant CLARKS is the place. It's also the largest privately owned taxidermy collection in the United States. So another little fun fact there for ya   But Clark's is an old family favorite of mine. It's hidden in the heart of Mandarin right on the river bank of the St Johns river. The restaurant has an indoor dining and dock side dining so you've got the river beneath your feet and the gators in sight. So dinner with a view. This place is ALWAYS packed. I've never seen it without a wait time of less than 30mins. They also have live gators living inside the restaurant in aquatic tanks along with fishes and turtles. It's definitely a southern fish camp which you can only find down south! Most of the menu is fried food options, but they do have baked fish options and steam pots. This menu selection is crazy for anything from frog legs to kangaroo meat. I have only ever stuck to the normal seafood options. But they do offer platters available for sharing 2 or more people. My favorite is the fried platter with the oysters mussels shrimp and deviled crabs. Clark's seafood pasta also never fails. Gator tail is also a must try and shark nuggets taste just like chicken! Still too scared to try frog legs but my parents love it. The place is right on the river so there tends to be lots of bugs and mosquitoes. So that's a downside. As well that the seats tables and dining set up of the place looks old. Granted it is an old family establishment, maybe the candle vases could be updated cause it makes the place look like we're in the 60's. I like this place and I come here every time I'm back in Jacksonville, but I think the dark lighting and the tables make the place look old which is why I'm giving it 4 star.
I have lived here for 10 years and this is my first time at Clark's. The decor is insane! They also have the place decorated for Halloween, which gives off a spooky vibe. I sat outside because it was a beautiful day and enjoyed a shrimp basket and a beer. I would return and I would also bring out of town guests to this spot.
I really, really wanted to like Clarks. When my sister came in from Houston, she wanted to experience something that she couldn't anywhere in Houston. I had never been to Clarks, but I had heard of it. I should have known when no one really mentioned the food (except to say it was exotic). I ordered the shrimp and crab pasta. It was described as a mound of buttery crab and shrimp atop pasta in a cream sauce. It was about $16. My sister ordered the frog legs and my husband the fried gator. They received their plates about 5 minutes before I got mine. The crab was Krab. The shrimp were tiny, like cocktail shrimp. There was more Krab than shrimp. The "mound" of deliciousness I was expecting was in no way buttery. It was slightly congealed and tasted like it had been tossed in canned soup. I asked our waiter to please take it back. I just could not eat it. Jokingly I stated that it tasted like it was tossed in canned soup, not a cream sauce. I was floored when he admitted that he had worked in the back when he was first hired, and that indeed it was soup. Clam Chowder... Are you kidding me? I couldnt believe that they would try to pass off a plate of pasta in soup as a pasta in cream sauce, the bald faced lie claiming it had crab not KRAB was egregious enough. To add insult to injury, the stuffed (real) animals were so dusty that I was blowing my nose for days afterwards. I think I actually got sick from breathing in all that dust, and I don't have allergies of any kind. I will never, ever, EVER go back again. Our server was absolutely wonderful, and the one star that I have to have should be attributed to him.
If you know what you are getting into Clark's might be the best place in Jacksonville to grab dinner. It is far from the fanciest seafood place, and it's location honestly makes it seem like it is on the bayou somewhere in Louisiana. Sure there are many different stuffed animals around the restaurant, as well as a live alligator in a tank near the restrooms, but that is part of what makes this place so great. The servers are extremely nice, and obviously know the meaning of Southern Hospitality. As for the good and drinks? Well that is what gets this place 5 stars. First of all their beer selection is very good. Sure I wish they had a few more, but they had enough that I was able to get a dang tasty beer. If you are looking to try something new, Clark's will have it. Every single person at our table (group of about 18) was able to get a completely different dish. I got the grilled frog legs and scallops and man did they taste great. I also was able to try the Maui that the person next to me got, and it tasty like something I could get on the Outer Banks of NC. Now I do not live in Jacksonville, but if I did and I had to take people somewhere to eat in Jacksonville, this is where I would take them
Clark's Fish Camp is a fun place to go for the Atmosphere. Sometimes you can see Manatees or Alligators in the water. Plenty of Turtles and lots of cats running around. The Food is just OK....nothing out of the ordinary.
I agree with the previous reviewer who said there were two different types of reviews that Clark's could merit:  one for food and the other for ambiance. On ambiance, it's a "must see" for anyone in or passing through Jacksonville, FL.  The taxodermy and live alligator make you feel like you're out in the swamp marshes/Everglades of Florida. Food - anything deep fried, please.  But expect to overdose on deep fried exotic meat while here.  And to shell out more than average for that ambiance. Book ahead lest you will be waiting in line for a while.
I wish there were two separate ratings: Clark's would get three stars for the food but five for ambiance. The menu is extensive--even a little overwhelming--and mostly seafood (not surprising considering it's a fish camp). The food itself is good, nothing special. Fried shrimp and deviled crab are tasty, but nothing to rave about. Sides are decent. One of the best things about the menu is the more exotic offerings like kangaroo, antelope, snake and alligator toes (WTH?). I've only tried the kangaroo; tastes like pork (bet you thought I was going to say "chicken). Service is OK. Again, nothing to rave about. But why I ABSOLUTELY love Clark's is its appearance. It looks like a ramshackle building on the water (and has the swampy stench and alligators to go with it). Inside, it is a veritable zoo/forest/jungle of stuffed animals: not of the Beanie Baby variety but the professional taxidermied sort (in fact, Clark's is said to have the largest private collection of taxidermy in North America). To attempt to describe the interior is impossible. You really have to see it for yourself. In fact, I like to take out-of-towners there without saying a word about what it looks like. Jaw-dropping for sure. I think it's worth the trip for the decor alone. WARNING: If you are vegetarian, vegan and/or PETA supporter or are dining with one, do NOT under ANY circumstances go here. Trust me on this one.
I'm sure they have bad reviews. It's probably pretty awesome if you come here on a random night. It's like longhorn's I guess. The kangaroo was the jam. Shoulda better known better that the snake woulda been tough. Alligator bites and those jalapeño poppers. The ac was blowin snowballs. Swamp water was on point. I was picking at the end. Loud pack migratory to go box. - Guap Kwwulaid...e (e is silent)
Such a classic! The first time I ever came to this restaurant, I was a child and I always loved seeing all the animals inside, and feeding the fish while we waited for our table. Whenever someone was in town for a short while, we always took them to Clarks and they always, always, always enjoyed it and requested it every time they came back to Jacksonville. I've been coming to this restaurant for over a decade and every time I do, it's always a good time. It's a Seafood joint but they have a large menu and something for everyone. I recommend sitting outside when you go because it's right on the water and you'll have a nice breeze and fresh air (It gets really stuffy inside). Also, make sure you leave early so you can get a parking spot because it gets SUPER crowded SUPER fast and parking on the side of the road nearly a mile down isn't fun.
This place was just like all the reviews stated.  I sat in the bar area and was unaware that they didn't serve the whole dinner menu in the bar.  So, I ended up just getting appitizers.  Tried the spicy fried pickles which were ok.  Not the best pickles I've had, but not the worst.  Portion size was fine.  I also had the seafood bake which was great.   This place did get crowded, so plan on a little wait.  I will be going back with friends and family so they can check it out.
Horrible experience. Yea all the stuffed animals are cool but that's really all this place has going for it. The service was slow and very unfriendly. Had to ask multiple times for refills. Food came out ice cold. Waitress brought us another round of sides that were colder then the original sides. All the fried food was soggy and unappetizing. Everything was WAY overpriced, especially with such poor quality. We will not be back.
I am a recovering picky eater, so this is a place that can test my boundaries.  They have oysters with jalapenos, mozzarella cheese and shrimp that are delicious, and I really really do not like shrimp! I also don't like most places oysters, but these are steamed and covered in cheese, so maybe that is why I like them! My husband tries something different almost every time we go, and the next time we go it will be the Jacks or Joans cut. We saw it being served last time and it was a slab of steak the size of your face! My favorite go to has been the salmon filet, and their hush puppies are delicious! You might be wondering why I just raved about their food but I only gave them 3 stars.  We go to Clarks for the food and experience, we bring all of our out of town guests, but we give a warning.  Our warning is always, "we go for the food, not the service."  The service is good maybe one out of five times we go we have a good server.   **MOMS-- please make sure you let them know about a car seat at the table or need of a high chair or any kid/baby related stuff as they can only seat you in certain parts of the restaurant! The tables are large enough to put the car seat on the bench next to you.**
Looking to move to the JAX area and thought we would try a fish camp. A fun quirky place with lots to see, including an alligator. We were also able to see Manatee's from the dock. Based solely on our waitress it would be five stars, she was attentive and helpful with the kids and a misunderstood order. The food was decent and seemed well priced. I tried etouffee for the first time, while I liked it, I couldn't tell you if it was good etouffee... Kids food was good and my wife's grilled fish salad was also good and decent portions. They also have lots of things on the menu like frogs legs and gator. The only downside was the slight smell and it was kind of dirty, which is the reason for only three stars.
Novelty. Lots of fried food and animal heads hanging up. A bit pricey but lots of different exotic things to try.
I have been to Clark's Fish Camp several times and always enjoyed it.  Unfortunately, this is the first time I've been since joining Yelp and it was really disappointing.  If I was just going off this time, it would probably get a 1 star.  But it's been great other times so I just can't do that. First off, our waitress was amazing.  I would give her 5 stars all by herself.  She was funny and honest about the menu items and by the end of the night, teasing my hubby about things we had talked about throughout the meal.  She was really awesome. Back to the food.  The restaurant is known for both seafood and it's wild animals meats like gator, rabbit, ostrich, kangaroo, yak, llama, or python.  My family isn't brave enough for all that but we love their seafood. When we ordered, my dad ordered clams and I ordered steamed oysters along with crab legs.  About 5 minutes later, our waitress came back out saying they were out of oysters.  Yikes.  No biggie though. I'm pretty easy going so switched my order over to clams.  Well, 5 minutes after that, she came back and said there were no clams either.  I thought my dad was gonna blow a gasket.  She also told us they were out of all the wild animals too (not that we were gonna order that!)  Yes, it was 9pm on a Saturday night.  But how are you out of all the items you're known for?!?!?  We always eat late and have never had a problem.   Just as we were discussing whether or not to leave, someone from the kitchen came out and said they had one order of clams available.  I told my dad to have those and it was fine--I'd just order a larger order of crab legs.  The clams came out and were quite tiny.  Sigh.  My crab legs were good, as was the stuffed flounder my hubby had and the order of spicy crawfish my dad had.  And my mom said that she still agrees that Clark's has the best coconut shrimp she's ever had. It's just disappointing when you go to a restaurant and they're out of several main items!
Service was awful. Food wasn't great. Mine came out cold after waiting for over an hour. When the waitress brought back hot food, the portion was much smaller than the original and thrown together with no care. The server spilled my drink on my daughter and even tho it was an accident and he apologized numerous times we still had to ask for a replacement drink. Kind of annoying.
If you like eating animals, this is a great place to be. The menu is extensive (with a strong leaning towards seafood and swampland animals), and they have a very sure hand with the deep fryer. I ordered the battered and fried "swamp plate," which had a whole soft shell crab, a whole catfish (gutted and head removed but otherwise fried in one piece), shrimp, frog legs, and chunks of alligator, which were all cooked exactly perfectly and delicious. Side dishes were black-eyed peas and garlic mashed potatoes, also excellent. Pretty much as a joke, we ordered an appetizer of barbecued alligator ribs. They were tender and delicious and wonderful, too. Wish I lived in the area so I could go back and try more of their food because there are a ton of things I'd like to try. Decor is insane. Seriously insane. Wall to wall (and floor to ceiling) taxidermied animals of all stripes (and all spots, and feathers, and scales, etc). And this place is really large and open with high ceilings, so it's just an explosion of animals everywhere and puts most amusement parks to shame in over-the-top-ness. (I was going to say "bombast" but decided to make up a word instead). When I went, they still had their Christmas decorations up, which meant that it was even more ridiculous. There were Christmas lights strung over and around and between all the animals, plus there were a bunch of Christmas light sculptures shaped like reindeer and candy canes and Christmas trees and things like that. It's entirely possible that it's like that year round, though. There's also a large glass tank with live alligators in the waiting area. So, even if the food were bad, this would still be a great place to go at least once on novelty value alone (at least for drinks). However, the food is also really good! Therefore: 5 stars.
I used to visit Clark's many years ago. Seemed a bit better. Our party of 4 all were disappointed. Seemed like canned food, not fresh, with an off taste. Pretty location, many stuffed animals. Maybe an off night with a backup chef? I had the BBQ scallops. Small portion with a sauce that seemed like it was from a supermarket jar. Service was fine.
Clark's fish camp has great food and a fantastic view. The scenery is also nice . We'll weird but nice. Its fun to be walk the rooms and look at all the odd things  like taxidermy lions giraffes ect. Great place to sit down and grab a bite to eat . That is if the wait is not that long ! Other than the the wait I love this restaurant !
Clark's is an institution and is always busy.  Its an interesting place, but the only reason we go there is for the ambience - to sit and look at the river, wildlife, and all the taxidermy inside the restaurant.  The food?  Hey, its ok but nothing special.  However, where else can you eat gator, ostrich, etc.  If you're really into the unusual game meats, this could be your place.
So, yeah, I didn't really dig Clark's Fish Camp.  I was out shopping with the maternal unit when we got hungry and she wanted seafood.  We weren't that far away from Clark's and having never visited before, we decided to check it out. I ordered the tilapia basket and mommy dearest got the tilapia plate.  The fish was good.  Not overly breaded, crispy and tasty.  The fries were meh.  They seemed to be coated with some light batter I wasn't a fan of.  We were missing hush puppies but a quick word to the waitress got us a small plate of piping hot pups.  They were tasty.  Our waitress was efficient and attentive. Frankly, it's the atmosphere that turned me off.  Clark's is on the water so the restaurant's main dining room has plexiglass walls so you can see the water.  And then there is the jungle.  Massive stuffed animals sit in the center of the room and up near the ceiling.  Fake plants, a rhino, giraffe, jaguar, etc. all check you out as you sit on wooden tables and benches chowing down on seafood.  And then there was the bathroom.  Filthy! I was not impressed.  I've been to Whitey's and the difference is Whitey's feels like a real restaurant with a theme.  They have wood floors, not plywood sheets.  Clark's just felt dank, dirty, and rundown.  Maybe I'm just not a fish camp person.
I'm obsessed with this place. Literally obsessed. I don't live in Jacksonville but every time I visit, this is always a must-stop. The decor is incredible... it's like going into a real version of the Rainforest Cafe, only with a much better menu. The atmosphere really is what makes it the most. I've always had generally good service there but nothing beats the view when the weather is nice on their patio, basically covering a swamp land. I can't quite give it a 4 because of two reasons... the menu is gigantic and really intimidating. The fried food selections just about all taste the same (which is about half of their menu). Even thought the menu is expansive, the servers have always been really knowledgeable and are happy to help pick items. The menu prices are actually really decent for FRESH seafood and large portions. I love that they have a "for the more adventurous" part of the menu - really makes things fun. They also have a lot of giant barn style tables, really good for groups and special occasions. I really, really, really want to give this place a 5 because I think everyone should visit this giant funplace.
Unique menu and great atmosphere.  We really enjoy the unique food and my kids love it here.  Try some of the more interesting stuffed fish meals an you won't be disappointed.
Only visit when friends are in town. All about ambiance but the food is over priced and not very flavorful. Everything is fried in the same old oil and all taste the same. Would recommend it for new folks b.c there really isn't anything like it.. But just know you've been warned. Don't expect much flavor and expect a high bill
My wife & I shared the fish camp platter for two and could only eat half of it. It was so much seafood for the price and very delicious. It came w shrimp, fish, clam strips & scallops and far more food than we imagined. Only thing keeping it from being a 5-Star, in our opinion, were the sides. The cole slaw was fantastic, but the mac n cheese, green beans & cheese grits were just average. Also, we loved the feel and ambiance of the place!
Short: A place to eat gator tail and crawfish in the swamps of backwoods Duval county Long: An extremely bizarre restaurant dedicated to offering wild game and other backwoods bayou food. Crawfish platters could feed 6+ people. Massive paper towel rolls on each table will be used completely from the ensuing mess of shelling your own mollusks and crustaceans. Eating out on the dock is fun, but it is more fun for the mosquitos. Good For: Winning bets that places like this are still in business. Getting lost in the woods. Bad For: Vegetarians, world citizens, those college educated
What's that roiling around in my stomach this morning? Frog legs. They are hanging around with some of their buddies: shrimp, oysters, scallops, shark bites, gator, and some sort of entire fish that had it's head removed and was deep fried. Everything about Clark's is gimmicky. The place is packed to the gills with taxedermied wildlife, and the menu features such timeless classics as: charred Yak, Llama and Kangaroo. I think if those animals were delicious, we would probably farm them. Instead they are generally tough and not so appetizing. The seafood, however, is pretty good. When I say good, I mean deep fried or covered in butter. Almost everything out of the fryer tastes the same. The oysters and clam strips are my favorite things they fry up here. They remain a little crispier than the shark or catfish. The scallops were not as firm as they usually are. The frog legs taste pretty much like hot wings with tiny blue veins. There is usually a wait, which gives you a chance to grab a drink at the bar and wander around to check this place out. They added a big gator tank a few years ago, or you can step outside and feed the fish for a quarter. Parking is sketchy at best. There's a narrow, winding dirt parking lot but a lot of people end up parking on the street. All in all, this place is fun. The drinks are good, the seafood is pretty solid, and it's generally a good time eating in a room filled with stuffed giraffes and monkeys. If you are anything like me, you may need to go home and take a nap after eating the ridiculous amount of fried food they serve up here.
Heard all the reviews and thought I would give it a try, Not Impressed! My friend had the prime rib. It was tough and cold lots of connective tissue I ordered the Jumbo shrimp & scallops  the shrimp were far from jumbo, the scallops were very good but came late, the crab soup was excellent and the salad came last! As for the service there was none, I felt like I was bothering the server, it was a Mon. night and not very busy, "Dead Lobster" would have been a better choice.
Had high hopes after being here years ago... traveled all the way from orlando for my kids to experience this.    came here July 22nd the credit card machine was down and had to use carbon copy for my debit, beers  before seating. Total mayhem after being seated my family didn't even get service not even drinks for 30 minutes or who know how long.so disappointed. Walked out... no excuse poor management and even customers were walking out mad before seating I know why now.
You normally think that a place like this would benefit more from the ambience and less on the food, but the food was surprisingly good. The fried alligator and crawfish appetizers were very good and the best part of the meal. The shrimp jambalaya was very good, served over rice but a little dry. Still, better than expected. Prices were good for the meal size. The only downside was the general "stickiness" of the bench and table and overall cleanliness of the restaurant.
The service was phenomenal!  The food was good but not great.  Had the seafood gumbo, but a little too salty for my taste.
I liked the place and the bartender more than I liked the food. I travel for work, and like to take advantage and see what I can see. I decided to go "gator hunting" at Clarks...the only live one I saw was in a tank near the bathroom but thats ok!. As it was just me they relegated me to sitting at the bar, which turned out fine. THere was a female bartender who made sure to take my name and my order and she also told several regulars not to bother me because I'm a business lady. She was too much and even made sure her coverage watched out for me while she went on break! I loved sitting there looking around and got to try some great inexpensive seafood. At the bar you can order "snacks" which was essentially a kids meal and fine by me. I had fried scallops, fries, hush puppies and coleslaw as well as a few pints of local beer to wait out the daily downpour. After that it was fun to walk out on the docks and around the water.
This is one of the best restaurants I've been too. Talk about dinner and a show. Arriving through the doors of Clarks you are immersed in a wildlife adventure. Clarks sports taxidermy of almost every animal you can think of. On top of this outstanding visual experience you are treated to some food that tests your taste buds. Clarks has all types of fish and game some are even sort of bizarre, but are prepared very well. My recommendation when visiting Clarks is to take a friend or family that enjoy culinary adventures and buy one of their three sampling platters.
Where should I begin? If you are looking for  quality food, this is not the place for you! The portions are enormous and the food is tasteless. The waiter recommended their "famous" Brinda's Seafood Bake, which turned out to be two shrimps underneath a repulsive cream soup covered with melted cheese. The Rainbow Trout that we ordered was salted to death. The green beans that came with our entrees came out of a can. When we told our waiter to take them back because we did not want them, he told us to keep them and insisted that they were fresh. The decor can be very appealing to young children. Everywhere you look there is a stuffed animal starring at you. I do not personally like the design, but it is definitely original. Overall, if you are a looking for a place to eat and are health conscious, turn around and go somewhere else!
Very unique and fun decor with unusual foods to try. They were out of almost all the unusual foods we wanted to try so we did kangaroo sausage. Supposedly sausage doesn't really taste like regular meat so it wasn't the real experience. Would definitely take friends in town for a different dining experience!
I don't agree with hunting animals just so they can be stuffed and mounted, but I do love gawking at them. Clark's Fish Camp is Dead Animal Paradise. Clark's is like a safari where you don't have to worry about being mauled. Dead and stuffed lions, tigers, bears and hundreds of gazelles are packed into the place. It's amazing. This was the first time I was so distracted by my surroundings that I could not focus on the menu which, by the way, is gigantic and contains such exotic offerings as kangaroo, gator toes, python and chicken. I finally pulled my eyes away from an orangutan's butt long enough to order flounder stuffed with cheese and covered in butter, crab and shrimp. My friend ordered charred kangaroo and we shared an order of shark bites. I didn't ask what kind of shark the bites came from, but I said a little prayer to Jaws as I scarfed them down. They tasted like fish, so I assume they did originate in the sea. My flounder was drowning in butter and was good for a few minutes until I felt an artery in my heart start to clog. My friend's charred kangaroo was like a thin, tough steak. I chewed it fast because I felt guilty for eating something that comes to my mind every time I hear Men at Work's "Down Under," and it's not something I need to chew again. It was edible, but not particularly enjoyable. The food came out really fast and our server was nice, but it's the ambiance that makes this place. Clark's is a spectacle that will delight any person who grew up on National Geographic or Ranger Rick as long as you don't stare too long into the dead tigers' vacant, soulless eyes.
They were out of oysters and a few other items. Had to wait for a table even though we called and were told we wouldn't need a res when we arrived at 230P. I called at 1130. They said, "oh sorry, it's shift change." Please. I was in the biz years ago and you never say that. No antelope. The python was tough. It should have been pounded out like we do conch. The gator ribs were tough even though it said "slow roasted until tender." Servers were wearing dirty pants with a non-chalant, who cares, inattentive attitude. I dig divey places or even joints that have a "rude" reputation like Durgin Park in Boston. I can handle a little attitude as long as you take care of what I need. Oh, and the draft beer tasted like they hadn't cleaned their tap lines in years. Bathrooms were disgusting with a roll of paper towels just sitting on the counter top half-soaked with water. I've been in my share of divey joints that have satisfied.  This one is not on the list.  Additionally, for the price point, go somewhere else. If you put some crazy crap on your menu, cook it right.
One of the worst restaurants my wife and I ever visited. We went here for anniversary dinner based on all the raving reviews here. We came out highly disappointed. The food was horrible. We could have done better going to a fast food fish place or way better at a Red Lobster.   My wife ordered grilled shrimp, they were luke warm as if cooked long before we ordered and just thrown on the plate and served. The shrimp itself tasted so rubbery as if cooked right out of freezer in a microwave. Her side of baked potato with butter and sour cream on side was served with margarine which is very surprising. Considering the price of the dish how cheap is that to replace butter with margarine? margarine is nothing industrial oil blend hydrogenated to resemble butter in consistency. My order was no better either. My side of yellow rice was swimming in grease. Never seen a rice dish with so much grease I just had to put it away and let the waiter know it. To his credit he brought the replacement even that replacement plate of rice was so greasy I didn't bother with it. We left very disappointed and frustrated due to the fact we chose this place for our important occasion of the year. I guess if you're into 'deep fried anything' then you'll have different outcome than us. We never will go back and not recommended if you're not in the "anything fried goes" camp. We also found that the interior jungle theme is bit over the top but it sure will keep the kids amused.
My boyfriend has been RAVING about this place forever! He goes up to Jacksonville for training and this is one of his frequent stops. After finally trying this place, I have to say that I wasn't overly impressed. The environment was pretty neat. However, it was very strange having animals watch me eat. I suppose that adds to the whimsy and I did find some of the animals interesting to see. Our waitress wasn't super friendly but she wasn't horrible either. She was just meh. Not a smile on her face, not a "hey if you need something, grab me" it just seemed like she was very tired at the end of a shift. I know the establishment is a very popular tourist destination so I'd suggest they ask "is this your first time here?" as an ice breaker and then offer plate suggestions. The menu was overwhelming for me (4 pages long) Prices were good because of course seafood is pretty pricey as it stands. We ordered the grilled gator toes just out of my curiosity and my boyfriend going on and on about them for the past 5 years. They were great! Tasted just like chicken. The chili pepper sauce was sweet and had some heat to it. It compliment the dish perfectly. For my main dish, I finally decided on the flounder stuffed with crab and monterey jack cheese. This dish has shrimp in it as well folks! Sides were mac and cheese and creamed peas. I forget what my boyfriend ordered but who really cares right? The flounder was good but it seemed lukewarm coming to my table. It wasn't so cold to send back but it wasn't too hot for me to blow on it to eat it. The creamed peas were very good. More cream than peas but still delicious. Furthermore, I have never met a side dish of mac and cheese that I didn't love. It was crispy and creamy at the same time. To top it all off, we got the fried cheesecake bites to go. They were the best part of the meal! They packed in whipped topping and raspberry sauce for dipping and we ate them in the car on the way back to Orlando. Overall, it's a nice establishment, it's right on the water which might explain the strange smells that some other reviewers noted. I'm a hesitant diner as is (worried about food safety when it comes to fish and seafood products) but I'd come back to this restaurant when visiting.
Tried on a Thursday night and still a pretty good crowd! Most of the food seems to be fried and/battered so if you don't like that this place isn't for you. I had the crab cake basket which had decent cakes and fries. I think the location is great, literally on the St. John's River. Lot of taxidermy! Food wise not the best since I don't like fried foods.  Would recommend for out of towners or if family is visiting and wants to try some gator tail.
I've been coming to Clark's for as long as my family has been in Jacksonville, around 16 years or so now. Not once have I ever had anything I haven't fully enjoyed. This is one of the few places in Jax for the truly adventurous eater. Appetizers from the wild include animals such as yak, python, kangaroo, ostrich, and way more. I try something new every time I go, and while they may not all be my taste, they're always well prepared and interesting to say the least. As a fish camp, they have a mostly seafood menu with few beef and chicken options. I could go on forever about their wide menu, but it's best to just go and drool while reading through it yourself. My favorite dish by far is the Shrab Pasta. A delectable blend of buttery crab and shrimp in a bed of pasta and a creamy white sauce. I'll also note that their hush puppies are some of the finest I've had around. What gets everyone is the wildlife display, and that's been well covered in other reviews. My daughter actually had more fun watching some wild kittens and a baby gator outside the restaurant than all the stuffed rarities contained within. Service has always been decent for me. They're not on top of you attentive (the younger servers are surprisingly more attentive than the older ones there), but you get what you need without too much wait. If you come on a Friday or Saturday night, good luck finding a place to park and your long wait. It's what comes with the local legend status of the restaurant. I highly suggest it for a weekend lunch or mid-week outing though. My only complaint was that their beers weren't very cold and had a crap selection, but you come here to eat, not to drink.
This is my first, and whenever I come back to Jacksonville, I definitely want to come back. The atmosphere and experience is so unique and fun. There are tons and TONS of stuffed animals all over the place, almost like a zoo. They have plenty of seating for parties of all sizes and their menu is incredible. Our server was fantastic too! I enjoyed my Flounder Florentine (stuffed with spinach and cheese) topped with scallops. So good and great recommendation by the staff! I also had macaroni & cheese, new potatoes (mini red skin potatoes) and hush puppy sides which were about average. And to top it all off, a white chocolate raspberry cheesecake.
This place is always fun to visit and unlike other reviewers, I've never had a bad experience here. It's all about your expectations. This is the type of place to go when you have friends in town and want good food with a great atmosphere and you're NOT in a rush.  Seriously, I don't think I've ever come here without waiting (sometimes over an hour...pretty long, I know), but it's on the water & we're in Florida....so you just need to learn to relax because, really....it's that kind of place.  Slow your roll, grab a drink @ the bar and go outside & enjoy the water or go browse the stuffed dead animals that decorate the inside dining area while you wait for your table. OK, so once you've relaxed & excepted this may be a long night--they usually send a server pretty quickly to take your orders & food comes out fresh and hot.  I'm not that adventurous food-wise when I go so I usually opt-out of the "wild beast" menu and stick to their usual seafood fare.  You really can't go wrong because they have a huge menu that has something for everyone.   Most often I will order their raw oysters on the half to start.  Always perfect if you're into oysters.  Since I've been here a few times, I'm just going to tell you what I've had on the menu so far:  Crab Cakes, Flounder with crab stuffing topped w/ mozzarella cheese, sauteed sweet peppers, mushrooms & onions, Brinda's Seafood Bake With Garlic Toast - fresh crab, shrimp, scallops and fish baked in a cream wine sauce, topped with mozzarella cheese, Clam Chowder - new england, Shrab Salad - hot buttered shrimp and crab, Hush Puppies, Popcorn Shrimp, Veggie Shrab Pasta Served - Angel hair pasta topped w/ a generous portion of hot buttered shrimp & crab & assorted veggies, all of the house special oysters steamed in garlic butter---Yum!, Spicy Tomato Cioppino - Classic seafood stew-clams, mussels, shrimp & calamari served in a spicy tomato garlic broth w/ garlic toast for dipping (so amazingly delicious), conch fritters, buffalo wings and pretty much most of their sides on the menu.  I hear their steak is another winner, but when I go to Clark's I will usually go with seafood.   A few times we've closed the place down so stay awhile.  Service is phenomenal & always friendly. Expect a little wait unless you're lucky.  Go hungry with an open mind and leave the rushed attitude behind.  This is Florida living at its best!  Enjoy!
OMG after all the hype I finally came here. I wish I could give this place zero stars. First we arrived at 8 and the short older lady in the front wouldn't sit us because our party of 4 wasn't there yet. She wasn't even pleasant about it. There were sooo many empty seats in the restaurant and it doesn't even make sense not to seat us. Thus, they lost money because we wanted several appetizers that I decided not to order since the lady was so rude and apathetic. I try again at 830 to get a table and she rudely tells me they close at 9. Well if you sat us earlier then we could have started eating and the kitchen wouldn't be mad! Also, online it says you close at 930 so you need to fix that if you want to close at 9. Waiter took another 10 mins to recogniZe us. Now it's 8:50. Don't rush us to order if you're going to ignore us. Oysters were gone, no gator served during summer. How hard is it to put a paper insert saying no gator during summer when a LOT of your menu includes gator. Food was cold, the appetizer dip was so awful! It was canned chowder with some seafood bits. Not worth $10. Scallop entree was worth it but the green beans were the gross canned kind. It was my first experience and I'm definitely not going back, recommending it or bringing people. Food and customer service need a BIG HELP, ESPECIALLY that older lady at the front that couldn't care less if people ate there or not.
The food is satisfactory but the atmosphere is AMAZING! out of the ordinary meats(snake, kangaroo, Alligator etc). decent sized meals but Be careful with what you order, ask the waiter what their take on the meat is before ordering.. When i was outside at the bar waiting to be seated i ordered the Steak Stuffed Shrimp, but was VERY DISAPPOINTED with this appetizer , it was basically shrimp and fatty pieces of low grade steak tossed in a sauce with cheese on top. The taste quality of the steak was a thumbs down forsure, and is it weird that i expected the shrimp to actually be STUFFED with Steak? it didnt affect our overall experience here too much though. but be VERY cautious with what you order and ask the waiters how the dish is prepared and tastes, that way there are no surprises.  I had the fried gator tail which i HIGHLY recommend. The atmosphere here is unlike any other place ive eaten. filled with crazy taxidermy  wildlife everywhere you look. Giraffes, Zebras, Lions, etc. The location is really cool too, right on the river with a great view. For the price, the big portion sizes and cool atmosphere this is too good not to experience at least once.  where else do they have a live gator Tank?!
Is nice when u go in, u it's something different. BUT, I haven't seen a restaurant like that one ever, even the fast food restaurant not like that one. Their kitchen is very dirty, all the tables are sticky, and the smell is to bad.. Disgusting
A fun place for groups (especially if it includes out of towners) or to visit on the boat. As mentioned, the place is covered in stuffed creatures of all sorts (and they now have a gator exhibit thing near the front). The food isn't anything amazing (though they have some "rare" meats, kangaroo for example) but the portion are good sized. Can get very busy, particularly when the weather is nice.
Our family enjoyed dinner here during our vacation in Jacksonville Florida. The food was great, but the view was even better being right on the river. We even saw an alligator and the little ones loved feeding the fish. There is lots to be seen at Fish Camp, which is good since we had to wait an hour to be seated, half an hour to order, and then over an hour after ordering to get our food. Don't go here unless you have A LOT of time.
Honestly I can't think of anything bad. Everything from food to convenience is top notch! Bring your kids and your hunger and you will not be disappointed!
This was my 6th visit in 6 months. And unfortunately this s the visit that gets the review, and the reason its unfortunate is that it wasn't that good. I will not go into the long "visual" descriptions of this place (read the other reviews... they are spot on). It started in the parking lot.... there was a VERY ODD SMELL....almost like sewage (sulfur maybe) in the air. It was very off putting before even going into a restaurant. There was a faint trace of the smell inside near the gator tank. Then when we sat down (we dined indoors) the wood "picnic" tables we soooo sticky we had to layout and use most of a roll of the paper towels they leave out on the table. We asked the waitress if they could re-wipe the table, and she apologized and said is was the tables "finish" that was coming off, and that was why the table was sticky. SO UNAPPETIZING! We should have left at this point.... cause I was scared to eat from the table... and the odd smell. But, we had been here before, and everything had been OK in the past. I ordered the fried sampler plate (for one) and you get a LOT of food. Shrimp, clam strips, fish, stuffed crab, fries, hush puppies, and cole slaw!!! Its a lot. It was all cooked well and tasted fine. Mu wife ordered her favorite dish... the stuffed catfish. She said it did not taste the way she had had it in the past, and was disappointed. Soooo.... I am torn. I liked this place, but not sure how soon we will be back. Things tonight left a bad taste/smell in my mouth.
Great . Food. Wait staff was great.  At atmosphere was unbelievable with all of the exotic animals and alligators just great experience We had the cat fish scallops this shrimp and it was unbelievable The Keylime pie was light and creamy Highly recommend this place
Finally was able to go out for some seafood and we decided to hit up clarks. Called ahead to see if they took reservation which they do if party is over 8 but they do have call ahead seating. I called and was told 1:15 wait. Should have hung around the house for a bit but did and headed there. Checked in at 8 and was told 45 mins. Gave time to walk around and check out some of the decorations and have a beer. The only real negative thus far was the grumpy old lady at the hosts table.. got seated and waitress was right there waiting to take order. Ordered up the seafood bake as an appetizer. This was very good baked cheese with shrimp and crap and plenty of it. Ordered up some stuffed shrimp and fish sticks. Everything was lightly breaded and tasted perfect. Wife got a chicken sandwich that was bigger then her head. All in all everything was very good. Not unbelievable mind blowing but damn good food. There tater sauce was kind of sweet which I wasn't used to but was perfect along with the fish sticks.. This place has lot of exotic meats and also huge cuts of prime rib. All which I would love to try. I will definitely be going back but making sure I call sooner for seating (better planning on my part). Price was ok for what u got seemed a little expensive but not hugely over priced as we all had leftovers.. I can't wait to go back and get some gator!!!!
Clark's is one the best atmospheres I've ever had in dinning due to the rad decor. They have stuffed wild animals all over the place. The walls, the ceilings, a live gator in a tank off to the side of the restaurant, tigers, lions, giraffes, monkeys, buffalo, etc. What's even better is while you're looking at all of this hardcore decor (inside or outside with a beautiful view on the river), you can even try eating some wild game that you may never find or even encounter anywhere else in your lifetime. In one dinner sitting I was able to eat Snake, frog legs, antelope, oysters, and kangaroo! Our server wasn't that great though. She seemed lost sometimes and wasn't engaging to us at all. Service is not so good here. Fried Frog Legs - Interesting food. Not a whole lot of taste to them. I expected them to taste like swamp water or have a lake taste to them. They taste like a soft and slightly creamy chicken wing. If I had to order them again I would certainly get them charred instead of fried, because the fried batter Clark's puts on them is pretty lame. It's really soggy; I actually peeled it off after my first bite because it wasn't good at all. I wish Clark's spiced them as well, maybe they do when they char them ... ? All in all I would recommend some frog legs as appetizers; fun food. Snake - Wow this was not at all what i was expecting. This meat is by far the toughest meat I've ever eaten, probably because most of a snake is going to be muscle (I think). In fact it's tougher than beef jerky; It was so tough that any utensil i could get my greasy fingers on would not cut through it. I had to physically pull the meat apart into small chunks with my hands. When I mean pull ... I literally mean pull the meat apart. I could only eat a few pieces of this and had to stop. The fact that it was so tough meant I was chewing one small piece for a long time. I was only able to chew a few of them up entirely and actually swallow it. Snake doesn't have much taste to it, and i would say it's fairly close to tasting like beef jerky. Kangaroo - This was also very interesting food. Very lean meat, and a little tough. Although not near as tough as snake it will take a few bites to chew this meat up. If I had to compare it to anything, it has a little resemblance of tasting like deer meat. I wouldn't do this as an entree, but certainly a good appetizer. They also give you barely any of the meat and for 9 bucks it certainly seems over-priced. Antelope - I had this as my entree, and it was excellent food. It's a very lean meat and frankly it tasted like a lean steak. Throw some A1 sauce on your plate and you pretty much have a very good small steak. I can't compare it to anything I've had before. It's definitely better than the kangaroo meat, but antelope has it's own distinct taste. Steamed Oysters - I'm not a seafood fan at all, but I'm willing to try everything once. These smell like lake water and taste like lake water. I could not eat these as an entree, but they were not bad tasting just isn't my type of food to eat a lot of. They are also very gritty, and that was probably from the sand I was eating that was left over in the shell. Macaroni and Cheese - Excellent side dish. Thick gooey cheese spread over beautiful soft noodles. Loved this. Fries - They were ok, nothing special. Certainly didn't seem to be homemade, and possibly were also store bought or frozen fries and then warmed up. EDIT* - 2ND VISIT - LOWERED A STAR This visit didn't go so well. Again the waitress was terrible just like the first time. I'll give her a little leeway as she was handling two large parties of about 40 people. Still though I only got one drink all night as well as a lot of other people at our table. My g/f had to ask her 3 times to bring out her drinks. She took our orders and didn't take one of ours and she never came back. So while most of us were all done eating one guy hadn't even placed his order yet. That's when we went to the kitchen to get service and have the chef take his order. Then his order came out before someone else that had already placed their order with the waitress. It was just terrible. I still stand by my review from my first visit about their fried food not being that good. Their batter is to soggy and leaves a lot to be desired. Smoked Eel - Tastes a lot like tilapia, but softer. Fried Yak - Not bad, and not great. It's like chicken nuggets, but chewier. Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon - Enjoyed this, but not the best steak I've had.
I was there over 10 yrs. ago when I was home in Fla. visiting family and friends.   We all had dinner there one evening and loved the food, the décor of the restaurant, as well as the location, setting, and scenery on the river.  Our server was very good too.  I will go there again when I can get back to Fla. to visit.
A must visit for a true Jacksonville experience!  Their bone-in prime rib is enormous and enough to feed four!  Plus they have exotic meats like kangaroo and antelope!  Taxidermied animals galore---better than some museums---kids love it!  Their portions are generous and you WILL leave stuffed!
If you like mixing taxodermy and swamp water with yak meat well then you might like Clarks - To start when you walk into Clark's it is like walking into a mueseum of taxodermy which is probably what your being served there is multitude of lions and tigers and bears oh my!  The menu is very ecclectic with not so normal options - they feature rattlesnake, yak, and other "bizarre " foods along with seafood and ribeyes. I decided to play it safe - After visiting the swamp muesuem we were sat outside with buzzing fly's and the not so fresh smell of swamp water we ordered shark bites as an appetizer and it kind of tasted like you took tuna chunks and smothered them in grease then deep fried  - well we are in the south folks!  oh and the "ranch" dipping sauce made them all the more tasty After the shark bites I decided to order the popcorn shrmp with a baked potato - pretty safe I thought but the issue I had with the shrimp was that they were not de veined! I understand shrimp does not have to be de-veined but I also understand the veins contain shrimp poop and thats just not my thing so amongst the fly's and swampy smell I just cant give clarks more than 2 stars  - but on the positive side my baked potato was good.
I've lived in Jacksonville all of my life & come here often. However the lack of customer service has really gotten old. The last several times we've come they have "overlooked" a meal at our table & not gotten it out until after everyone has finished eating. Then they refuse to comp it on the bill even when asked to take it to go bc it took so long. Waitresses also come by very rarely & you're always missing something at your table. Just over it in general.
I'm not sure if I can give a negative star, but I wish I could. Your better off taking your home trash, deep frying it and staying home! Terrible service, weird creepy atmosphere. The restaurant was dirty and unkept. Thank god I had good friends to spend to the time with or I probably would have jumped into the swamp and sacrificed myself to the gators
One of our very favorite fish camps in Jax!  Great fresh and exotic choices.  Sits right on the water and is a wonderful place to kick back and enjoy!
Slow service. Inattentive staff. Mahi was overcooked, baked potato undercooked. Friends mahi wasn't edible and was sentt back. Your kids will like the stuffed animals. You won't like the food, service, smells, or the bill.
Cold brew and oysters with an excellent atmosphere. You cannot go wrong. Even at very busy times, the staff is always friendly. Our favorite place for a night out!
This place is totally out of control! From the location right on the water to the thousands of stuffed fish and animals adorning the ceiling and walls [and there might actually be thousands] this place is absolutely worth a visit. Not only that, but this is pretty much your only chance to try things like kangaroo, snake and ostrich in any restaurant near here.  Yeah that's right, kangaroo, right there on the menu. Sure, it's a little bit gimmicky, but underneath the amazing collection of taxidermy and wacky menu is just another old timey, classic fish camp restaurant. My husband and I ordered the Fish Camp Platter for one ($19) and the combo of shrimp, oysters, scallops and crab was way more than we could eat in one sitting. The sides are also dynamite if you like Southern cooking--the green beans and mac-n-cheese are both must haves. Oh, and when they say "don't feed the gators," they mean it... Clark's is the kind of place where, yeah, that is [in fact] a gator eyeing you while you eat your hush puppies [and would gladly take them from you if given the chance]. Besides, the gators probably know that some of their relatives are on the menu [yum]. But then, what else would you expect from a restaurant where you can drive your boat up to and grab a bite to eat? Wacky, tacky and true - Seafood doesn't get much more real than this.
Have you ever wanted to eat next to a tiger?  Want to have a monkey stare at you while you eat part of a kangaroo?  Looked eye to eye with a horse while drinking a beer?  Watched alligators swim in dark swamp water while you waited to have dinner, on maybe alligator bites?  Then head over to Clark's for a late lunch or dinner "experience" you won't forget.  Watch out for the sponge-man  and a diver in an antique diving suit at the front door!  And, look for the baby gator in the bar, at least this one is still swimming. My kids love this place!  After we order, they like to walk around and look at all the animals, birds, fish, mounted literally all over the place!  Don't worry, others are doing the same thing.  It's like a zoo standing still.  And. just try and count all the fish plates in the fish room, you'll give up trying. This restaurant can handle very large groups.  But, plan on carpooling, the parking lot is tiny compared to the amount of customers in the restaurant. This restaurant, used to only be a boat & fisherman's place, meaning they only sold gas for boats, and fishing gear and bait.  I remember the first time someone asked me if i wanted to eat 'dinner' at Clarks, and i laughed at what i thought was a joke. All I knew they sold was fish sandwiches in packages and beef jerky, and was open air seating on a porch. Was I in for a surprise, when i finally was "dragged" there to have "dinner".  Wow!  What a huge difference.  The menu was full of everything i had ever heard of, and some I never had (the kangaroo, for one). Our family almost every year has at least one birthday dinner  there.  And, one item we never miss ordering --- Fried Green Tomatoes!  They really know how to cook these just right.   My husband loves the stuffed mushrooms here better than any other restaurant. if you are not in the mood for seafood (which is very good here), their  BBQ and steaks and good ole' southern soul food, is good too. We have never minded the wait for a table, so far we have not been there during a rainy wait, which I'm sure is not pleasant; but on a good sunshiny afternoon, or calm North Florida night, it is pleasant to sit on the deck, feed the ducks, alligators, watch the cats crawl out from underneath the deck, and watch the other people trying to find a parking space, while sipping on a drink and munching on an appetizer on the outdoor bar area. Stop reading about this place, and head on over there.  Unless you don't want to sit next to a mule deer and eat.
The way I describe Clark's Fish Camp to my friends and family from up North is that it is the "original RainForest Cafe" with real stuffed animals! The seafood is in abundance, and the menu can be overwhelming with exotic choices of meats, fish and even reptile . I am not fond of seeing the later alive, let alone eating one! (Snake) I have had the seafood boil consisting of steamed shrimp, clams, crab, crawfish , corn potatoes and sausage numerous times. The only problem is it is made for two and my husband loves trying different items each time we return. So to solve the problem, Clark'a is on our official stop as the place to go when we have visitors ! Our guests are amused with the decor and have thoroughly enjoyed every meal .  My only complaint was one of the servers completely forgot us to the point that the other waiters began filling in for her until she was located. When she did come back  I tried to be nice and joked about her possibly quitting to give her room for an excuse or appology. Instead her responds was rude, sarcastic and down right ignorant. Wrong move when the customer is paying your salary with tips. We have since returned and I am happy to say, I have not seen her since. This place has been around for years, so I don't believe they would tolerate slacker servers! If in Jax, it's a must place to eat!
Very particular brand of hillbilly charm.   Factoid on the animal decor - supposedly none of them were hunted. All were in zoos or rescued animals that subsequently died. Hope this makes you feel better as you sit amongst them. Ridiculous  fish plate collection should be immediately smashed and banned on principle. The food here is not bad. Crab bake and jalepano popper appetisers hit the spot. Shrimp, crab legs, and stuffed sole were also all very tasty. This was my second outing, not by choice, but would ride shotgun again if the opportunity arose. Tip - early bird gets the gator. Very busy for after 7 pm arrival.
Was cited by the health department for severe violations.http://www.actionnewsjax.com/content/­restaurantreport/story/Restaurant-Report-visits-­Clarks-Fish-Camp-Seafood/7G-wVV-yQEedjjh7aKInLA.­cspx
OH MY GOD! This place was AMAZING!!! The atmosphere? A little busy and odd..( about 2993478372 taxidermy animals on every possible surface). But the food??! As fresh as it can get. BEST place I have had seafood at in Jacksonville ( or in my experience, anywhere). And my drink? Talk about a good long island iced tea!!! Check it out, bring a camera!! Just about everyone was snapping photo's from their food, to the animals on the ceilings, to the BEAUTIFUL outdoor area on the water! I had to edit this from 4 stars, to 5. I truly cannot find a place I love food and drink MORE, than Clarks. Best food ever. Here are my recommendations: Sweet Burgundy sauce Salmon Flounder stuffed with Montery Jack Cheese and buttered crab Rainbow Trout LONG ISLAND ICED TEA And obviously, the Hush Puppies.. YUUUUUUMMMM!
Great place, great fun, good old style Florida menu.  Fun, fun fun. Now I have to give you a caveat, I have three kids and I always like to take them somewhere fun and to them, Clark's is really really fun.  I agree, it has a great vibe, a nice old Florida feel, however the food is always just good, not great.  Mostly fried seafood, some steaks and burgers, and they have a cool list of "critters" that you can eat like ostrich.   So go for fun, you will get plenty of food.
This place is a local favorite.  Whenever we had visitors come from out of town, we always went to Clark's Fish Camp.  The food is excellent and the food selection is unlike anything you would ever find anywhere else in the area.   Our server, Oscar, must have read my previous comments on reviews and not only heeded all of them, but never once did my glass of water go empty, he took my order mentally and got it spot on, checked in often, and overall the service was outstanding. He got more than a 20% tip, and made an effort to not only document it on the receipt, but told the manager that I'll be back with my family specifically because of the great service (and I made it clear the food was excellent too). The menu is a sight to see, if not all the exotic taxidermy!  What an experience!  This is some of the best service I have experienced in years.
This place is about as original as it gets. The menu is extremely exotic. The only thing it's missing is blue whale, bald eagle eggs, and panda steak. The atmosphere is a mix between a fish camp and a petting zoo. How could you not love a place that has a taxidermied snow leopard ?
A Museum-esque restaurant that more than meets the eye (or your stomach for that matter) !! Get ready to eat some kangaroo?  What?  Yes, I said kangaroo.  This restaurant pays homage to all hunters (and eaters) who love eating other animals (other than cows or chickens or pigs).    They serve all types of meat, it's game meat or seafood.   Be sure to prepare your taste buds (and maybe your stomach too) for all the types of food you're about to eat!   My favorite thing to get here is probably the gator meat.  Heck, if I'm in Florida I better be eating some gator.  I've also had the veal and kangaroo meat and both were pretty good, too.  This place knows how to flavor-ize their meat and make it tasty!   The restaurant is situated on the river and sometimes you'll catch a glimpse of alligators or manatees from the riverside dock.  If you like, the restaurant has a room with panoramic window views of the river.  The ambiance is pretty good with a safari-esque feel with real stuffed animals (hopefully you're not an animal rights activist) that makes me wonder if they hired a taxidermist to preserve all these animals... All in all, if you're in the neighborhood in Jacksonville, give this place a shot!  There are usually long lines for dinner on the weekends, but it's worth the long wait!  You won't be disappointed!
I grew up at the beach and as the saying goes, it takes something special to get us "beachies" to cross "The ditch", The Intercoastal that is.  Clarks is the place to do just that.  Been going for years and never been disappointed.  Yeah, it is a little overwhelming for the 1st timers but if you are adventurous, this is the place.  The kids love it.  Parents do too, because you don't have to entertain your children during most of the long wait.  The stuffed animals take care of that.   I agree that this is not the place for vegetarians or PETA fans.    I had a vegetarian insist on going with us one night, said she could handle it and ended up b****ing through dinner.  We ignored her! The Jack's Cut of Prime Rib is to die for and I have seen many go down trying to finish it.  The cut is large enough to need it's own platter and you get all your sides on another plate.  Divine!  But be aware, there is no sharing this gem.  You have to eat it all by yourself!  My buddy tells me the trick is to not eat your sides or the salad they bring you first.  Just the meat ma'am, and some more iced tea please!
I went to this place with my husband, mother-in-law, Father-in-law, and sister-in-law (who is only 4). They had it all done up for halloween, which was nice...though the 30 minute wait was slightly annoying next to the moaning mummy :P They are currently doing some construction to the bathrooms I guess. I was told they found a 6 foot gator in the bathroom one day and decided they needed to gator proof it a bit! My mother-in-law and I decided to stay away form the restrooms :P The menu is extensive. That's nice to have options, but it also makes it difficult to decide! There are all sorts of things on the menu, chicken, steak, fish, gator, rabbit, kangaroo! I wasn't very hungry due to our late lunch, so I only had a salad, hush puppies, and a sweet potato...but I also knew I'd be trying a little ever everyone else's meals! The salad was good...pretty difficult to mess up. The potato was good as well. The hush puppies were DELICIOUS! They were so flavorful and moist and delicious...Again, I wasn't really hungry, but I ate all the hush puppies because they were amazing...and so I was super full. My husband got crab cakes and clam strips. He really enjoyed them both. I tried the crab cake and it was really yummy...and I don't like crab or crab cakes! We ordered cheese sticks and prime rib kabobs  for appetizers. The cheese sticks were good...like normal cheese sticks. The kabobs were tasty. Moist, tender, and cooked to about medium. My father-in-law ordered the "small" prime rib. Small is an interesting word for this. It was bone in and had to weigh about 2 pounds at least! It was huge! about 3-4 inches thick and probably at least 10x5. Sadly they thought they went for size instead of quality. I didn't try it but they said it was tough. We also had deep fried cheesecake bites. Those things are SO good. One thing that was slightly annoying to some was the tables. They are big wooden tables and benches. From the coating and the repeated usage and cleaning, they have a tacky feel to them. Not a big thing, but a warning.   Warning, they fill up fast. There is a parking lot, but when we got there at about 6 or so there was already a huge line of cars parked up and down the small road it is off of and the waitress said they weren't even having a busy night!
LOVED EVERY SINGLE SPANKIN MINUTE OF IT!! Every thing was just SO delish, I can't wait to come back again! We tried so many various things, and yet our tab was next to nothing... Conch fritters, same ol same ol conch fritters you find anywhere, but still very good none the less. The grilled kangaroo was so amazing, bliss in my tummy even. The python was perfectly cooked and not chewy at all! Peel and eat shrimp perfectly seasoned.. Gator tail, again perfectly seasoned and perfect texture! Oysters were an excellent size... I had a wonderful time, and the atmosphere is most interesting. Sucha great place, too bad I live 5 hours away!
This was a very interesting spot but so glad we went. Make sure you have your camera to take pics of all the stuffed animals on the walls and everywhere else. We did the Clarks Seafood Broil for 2 (32.95) and a combination fried platter scallops and oysters. The Broiled platter was unbelievably good!! There was plenty for 2 people with some to spare.  I'm not a big potato eater...but i ate 4 whole taters because they were soo good.  The corn was also very good( though one of ours came out frozen still...but the one they replaced it with was awesome--picture me eating it like the cartoon characters LOL).   The fried platter was okay.... some of the scallops the batter was still sticky and we didn't eat those.  The ones that were fried all the way through were yummy...though it didn't touch the broiled food. With the exception of the potatoes and the corn that came with the broiled food.. the sides were horrid.  Do not order the coleslaw...tastes old and wilted.  Everyone at the tables around us ordered it and everyone took one or too bites and pushed to the side..yuck.  The mac and cheese was tasteless, i mean realllly tasteless.  Velvetta shells and cheese would have been 100 times better. Hushpuppies...YUM! Overall i would come back for the broiled platter and hushpuppies. ...Also if you are not from the area the water in Jacksonville is gross and you can taste it from everything to plain icewater to the sodas.  Drink a beer if you have a choice.
This place is a riot.  I think they have more stuffed animals than a museum and if you are into taxidermy, this is heaven for you.  Matter of fact, I think its the countries largest privately owned collection.  Just make sure you ask to be seated in the main area and not on the far inside.  I would HIGHLY recommend making a reservation, otherwise you'll wait for a good hour to hour and half during peak times. We first started out with grilled crab cakes.  We typically don't like getting crab cakes because a lot of places put fillers but this place adds a lot more crab.  If you like crab, this and Crab Cake Factory are good. For the entrees, we ordered the soft shell crab platter and the charbroiled comb platter that had shrimp and scallops.  If you never eaten soft shell crab, this may not be the first thing to try.  For those that know how to eat soft shell crab, you'll love how meaty it is.  It really reminds me of how some of the authentic chinese restaurants make it.  The shrimps and scallops were an average size so our stomachs were fairly satisfied.  Both platters came with hush puppies and 2 sides. To finish off our meal, we had peach cobbler.  We had to settle for it because they ran out of apple cobbler by the time we were done.  Regardless, there was nothing left of that dessert. I would have to say, if you LOVE fried food and seafood, this is the place for you.  And if you want to dine and admire stuff animals all around you, you'll won't be disappointed.  If you are really adventurous, you can try their off the path staple of snakes, kangaroo, rabbit, ostrich.... well you get the idea.
I love Clark's!  The atmosphere is awesome, the food is great and, for the most part, reasonably price.  They have awesome deals on the weekends: $5 pitchers and 1lb of snow crab for 8.99!  Can't beat it!!!!  And it's delicious crab!  The wild appetizers are a huge draw for me and having had almost all of them, I have to say that the turtle is an absolute MUST-TRY.  It's tender and flavorful and just straight up delicious!   The only thing I have to say is pretty awful about Clarks is the service.  It's so hit-and-miss, but it seems like more of a miss than a hit.  Our last experience was bad enough for me to have to knock off an entire star.  Not only was the service slow and inattentive, but also really really unfriendly.  On the otherhand, I had my birthday party (of 15 people) here and it went really, really well.  There were only a couple times when people were without drinks or in need of things, which isn't too bad with a group that size at a place with generally slow service.   Service aside, this is hands-down one of my favorite places in Jax!!!
In town on business and had to make a stop at this local destination dining experience.   I am so glad i did.  Everything about this place us unique.  The stuff animals was cool at first, then it just felt creepy... so I chose to stare at the  sunset over the water.  Great view of the river, birds, boats... Hmmm no gators. Service was great.   She kept calling me 'Sugar' how sweet... You'd never get that in Cali. I had the combo fried conch & bbq shrimp plus two sides.  Didn't look like much, but it sure filled me up. I'll pass on the peach cobler... nothing to write home about. If I come back to Jacksonville, I'll be back to Clarks Fish Camp.
Good place to eat on Julington Creek.   Always crowded, not enough parking.  An actual old fishing camp that has turned itself into a little gold mine. Extensive menu and hundreds of animals throughout. You can feed the gators from the back deck while sitting at your table.
Disclaimer: I am not a fan of seafood. That being said, my review is based on the chicken and steaks I have had here. The steak was fairly close to what I would eat at home if not slightly lower quality.  The chicken was entirely bland. The service is decent.  Be clear, if you are not a big fan of seafood, you are coming here for the atmosphere not the food.
The atmosphere is cool but I have been dissapointed by the food the past few times I have gone there. If they tighten up on the food it would be great again. Update: 6-23-09: I went here again recently and Clark's was better this time. The service was good and they seem to have increased their portions finally. I will return.
Great Food, Massive variety with plenty of exotic treats. Great family place and a great place for groups.
I've eaten here a number of times over the past 20 years and each and every time the experience is similar.   We experience an interesting, almost awesome atmosphere, if you like dead stuffed animals, with at very best, lack luster service and uninspired food.   If you go on the weekend, go early or prepare for a wait and expect a parking mess.  If you are going to go and don't need to impress a date, go during the week.  Sit as close to a waitress pass as possible so that you can reach out and stop them as they pass your table.  Regardless of how local you are or how many times you go, this is the kind of place that will always treat you indifferently.  Like it or not, you will be treated as if you are a one-time tourist.  Getting the dollars out of your pocket is all that matters. Regardless of what we order, fried items are greasy and bland and grilled is excessively salty.  If you think of eating at Clark's like you would eating at Disney, then you will be ok.  Just don't, and let me repeat myself, do not go for the food or the service or you will likely be disappointed.
I swear I thought I was lost while driving to this place. It was at the very end of the road, beyond the dead end sign. The place is also hidden by many tall trees, so just in case, if you're wondering if you're driving in the right direction, yes you are. Like the other reviewers have mentioned, it's taxidermy heaven in there. I have never seen so many stuffed animals in my life and had quite some fun trying to take photos of all them. The decor didn't bother me, but if you're an intense animal rights activist, maybe you should stay away. They have an extensive menu with quite a selection of wild game, including kangaroo, antelope, ostrich, snake, alligator, and more. It was my first time in Florida, so I ordered the platter of alligator and mahi mahi, which came with hush puppies and a salad. My side order was mashed potatoes. The alligator was in fried chunks and tasted amphibious, not quite like chicken and not quite like fish. The mahi mahi was grilled perfection, very tender and flavorful. My mom ordered the filet of catfish stuffed with cajun rice and veggies, topped with shrimp etouffee. It also came with a side (green beans), hush puppies and salad. I only had a couple spoonfuls of her dish, but it was delicious. I'd highly recommend her dish. My dad ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich. It came with a side of French fries but no order of salad or hush puppies. The service was great. You don't have a designated server, so whenever you need something, call anyone over. They're also very nice in helping you select what you'd like to eat. Just a word of caution: never leave your food unattended if you're sitting outside. There are stray cats hiding under the restaurant ready to pounce on your meal. As for your kids, I suppose you should keep watch over them, too, unless you don't mind them taking an accidental topple into the water. But, no worries, there are no alligators in the river! ...or so they say.
Clark's is something of a Fruit Cove legend. The food ranges from mediocre to excellent, and the service is haphazard on the best of days, but what Clark's lacks in consistency, it makes up for in spades with atmosphere and presentation. On the river, the place is a landmark, with a fully functional boat ramp that sees constant usage. Back when my family still had our 18' Boston Whaler, we'd go out from here all the time. And that was back before Fruit Cove went and got all popular. And get off my lawn, you kids! All jest aside, Clark's is nothing less than an institution. I've been going for 21 years as the fish camp went through expansions and additions, and I've always found something new and wonderful. The place is great for kids, and I have very fond memories of being terrified of the stuffed animals. Keep an eye out for the possum drinking beer, and pose with the Wooley Booger they have on the front desk. That's what they USED to call the thing, before the new management came in. Durn whippersnappers. During the summer, the wait outdoors can be a little oppressive during the evening. Come prepared for mosquitoes, but take a moment to feed the turtles and fishes. If you're feeling brave, tackle the Jack's Cut, a massive steak, or share the Swamp Fest platter, a collection of critters that will test your willingness to bite down. A word of warning, virtually everything is fried in the great Southern tradition, and I have had bad experiences with expired oil on rare occasions. That was years ago, however, and I've never seen an incident since, so try out Clark's if you're anywhere within driving distance.
Why did I think "fish fingers" are going to look like little, scaly fingers? They are actually more like chicken fingers, except unidentifiable. That is what I had alongside a deep fried softshell crab, which was infinitely more delicious. The fish fingers were dry and the breading bland.   But hey, I can eat almost anything deep-fried, so not a huge complaint here. The decoration is cool, covered wall-to-wall with taxidermy animals. My father-in-law spotted a semi-famous southern rock guitarist and went over to introduce himself. 3 stars for our celebrity encounter!
I am not quite sure on how to write about this place, wasn't my kind of place though. It sits on top of dock overlooking some creek i believe. They have just about every kind of seafood that you could desire. However, i didn't see any calamari on the menu - but that's fine. I ended up ordering chicken strips and fried pickles since i am not the biggest fan of seafood. The fired pickles were very disappointing and the chicken strips were just 'OK'. The ambiance is old people everywhere with stuffed animals galore. It's a bit sad to be eating all of this food and looking up at animals like giraffe and other animals that were killed unnecessarily. However, Jacksonville is so hick and they love this kind of crap! Go GOP!
A fantastic restaurant that has been here for over thirty years. The inside main dining area is not something to miss! They have a beautiful nature scene including animals. Even a large stuffed lion on the way into the dining room. They also offer a complete menu of unique items from rabbit and quail to gator tail and catfish. A great stop if you on Julington Creek on your boat or just in the Mandarin area.
The ambiance is fantastic.  Rustic, a little tacky, and RIGHT on the bayou.  The patio out back provides a beautiful view of the bayou, and plenty of wildlife.  We saw a bunch of turtles and a small alligator.  If you like hunting and fishing, being outdoors, and a great restaurant experience, visit this place.   But wait!  Make sure you bring the bug spray.  Trust me, it's still worth it.
Great food with a unique atmosphere.  Their seafood is very good, especially the grilled Mahi which is my fav.  You can grab some drinks at the bar while you wait to be seated, sometimes the wait can be long since the place is real popular on Fri & Sat night. Parking is sometimes a hassle on the weekends, but don't let that deter you from going.
I am a fanatic at tasting new cusines from all over the world, there really is not anything I would not try or eat. I have to admit that this is where your Andrew Zimmerman comes in to play. You feel like you are with him while you eat these exotic foods "If it looks good, just eat it" as he waifs on his food network show. I had the most amazing platter of a few different foods that were cooked perfectly, the shark bites, frog legs, gator, soft shell crab ( which you eat the whole thing ), catfish, and scallops. In which I was impressed and was great. We also ordered as an app the Kangaroo which I would love to eat again. Delicious flavor. I would recommend this place to anyone that has a chance to visit and that is ready to open their eating habits. You will not regret it.
Ewwww.....too greasy, too dirty, and too weird with all the stuffed animals starring at me. I went twice but will never be going back....never ever.
I have loved Clark's since I was a kid - before the current owners enclosed the patio. We used to take our boat up and dock it for lunch or dinner most weekends. I mean who doesn't love taxidermy, fried seafood (more fried than food), and the river?   Wear bug spray if you sit outside, and I do recommend sitting outdoors if it's not too cool. Always a winner to take people NOT from the South!
Fried Blue Crab Claws. Thats it.
It doesn't get much better than seafood right on the water. The restaurant can be accessed by car or boat. Clark's is just an all around cool experience. Clark's is a taxidermy zoo with every nook and cranny filled with stuffed animals from all over the globe. The menu includes all your favorites and lots of options that you won't find in most places such as kangaroo, snake, antelope, and many other types of game. We ordered a fried seafood platter for two that came with shrimp, catfish, frog legs, shark, oysters, soft shell crab, gator, scallops, and four side items. The platter was supposed to come with hush puppies, but ours got lost somewhere along the way. Luckily, this platter had more than enough food for the two of us that the lack of hush puppies didn't matter. I'm looking forward to going back and trying their Boudin sausage.
I've never before entered a restaurant where I could choose from among so many types of "Varmint" - rattlesnake, gator, gator eggs, squirrel, turtle, frog. I mean, usually restaurants don't offer even one of these options!  The menu also offers something called "Wild dinner," with no further explanation. Hmm.  Turns out, all varmint tastes basically the same after it's been deep-fried.  Turns out, I'm into the novelty of sampling varmint. There is more taxidermy in this place than I've ever seen consolidated in one location outside of a museum of natural history.  If you wanted to feel a connection to what's on your plate, this is a good place for that.
The food was decent but the portions are over the top. I had the jack's cut and my whole table could have shared it because it was so big, I never thought I would say this, but the portions are way too big. The size would not have been a bad thing, but they do not let you share it. It was a good piece of meat. I had the cream peas as a side and they taste like a box of salt was dumped in them. I would have given them four stars but the knife they gave me could not cut a thing. Children's play-doh knives were sharper than this thing and the waitress seemed like it was my fault I could not cut my giant stake and to make matters worse, we had lion balls right next to our table. I know there is taxidermy all over the place, and that doesn't bother me. Some of it is kind of cool, But they put us next to a stuffed lion and it's balls and rear end were in our face. I couldn't turn to talk to the other people at the table with out catching a site of the lion's balls. I am glad I did not have any children with us because I would not want to explain to them the birds and the bees in a setting like that. So if you go, get the smaller portion, bring your own cutting tools and try not to sit next to the lion's balls.
I have visited this place several times with family and friends.  This restaurant is an experience and is mainly a touristy joint. The good: Atmosphere here is unmatched.  Stuffed animals all over, lights, decor, just overwhelming. Large Portions Good Tartar Sauce HUGE menu and diverse selection The Bad: It's hit an miss with quality of the items on the menu.  Some are GREAT others not so great. I would recommend this place for visiting family.  It's not the best fish camp around but the experience is very fun.
A JACKSONVILLE CAN'T MISS. What an amazing place. When you pull up you're like, "WTF? How come these locals told me to come here...this place looks like a shack." Then you realize the parking lot is full, so you give it a shot. The moment you walk in the front door you're greeted by a cavern of taxidermied animals...and realize that this is just the beginning. While standing in line to put your name on the list you see the live alligator in a tank. For us there was no wait, so we were taken to our seats immediately. The view from the main room is amazing. There's a dock for boaters to pull up, and the river is just gorgeous. All of this, plus you realize that you're surrounded by even more taxidermied animals of various sizes, genus, and species. The menu is extensive and huge. We had the fried gator tail appetizer and it was scrumptious. Like chicken, but a little more chewy. I ordered the grilled tilapia and frog legs. Yum! Plus it came with hush puppies and two sides (I got black eyed peas and green beans). Everybody else in my party was also amazed by their meals. What a find. After a place like this, I can't help but kvell.
Atmosphere was great tonight.  Waitress was horrible.  Don't remember her name but had tatts on her forearms.  Took 10 minutes to greet us after sitting at our table then another 5 minutes to bring us water.  Then didn't see her for another 10 minutes to order.  Not sure what was going on tonight but service was horrible.
Came here after the Gator Bowl (Go 'Cats!), on the recommendation of some Northwestern alumni sitting next to us at the game, who said they moved here a decade ago.  We asked for a place with some local flavor, and they said this restaurant was "authentic Cracker cuisine."   I don't think either one of us thought we heard that right, but as it turns out, that must have been what they said.    The elaborate exterior Christmas lights were indicative of what's inside, symbolically speaking.  This is a quantity over quality sort of place, I'm pretty sure their holiday season lights are visible from orbit.  The parking lot was packed, a young couple came out complaining about the 45 minute wait, but we found instant seating by volunteering to be outside.  A little cool (ambient temperature-wise) for the locals, we were in 20F degree  Milwaukee winter the night before, so we enjoyed being outside in the balmy January Jacksonville  weather.  Eating outside allowed us to see that some of the guests docked their boats at the pier, and while we were waiting for our beers, one fellow kayaked in, picked up his to-go order, had a cigarette, and kayaked back out onto the dark river.       The taxidermy and fish plates decorating the inside defy description, again, it's a case of quantity over quality, a real assault on what I would consider good taste, astounding, somewhat bizarre.   I walked through the place mostly with my mouth open, bug-eyed.  Another plus to eating outside is that some of the inside rooms are just too creepy, I definitely couldn't dine in the room full of stuffed primates above and all around.  The restaurant was filled with both Northwestern and Mississippi State fans, still in school colors. A table full of MSU alumni had a laugh at my expense when I encountered the stuffed wildcat (not Willie, but could be a relative), and stopped, stupefied. There are also stuffed badgers, wolverines, lions, but no stuffed Spartans or Cornhuskers.  This place doesn't just attract tourists, there were lots of regulars, the fellow next to our table had obviously ordered the prime rib before (it was half the cow, I think the whole deck leaned in his direction when the waitress set it down).     The menu overwhelms with choices, but I think the thing to do is to stick with what they do best.  Our appetizers were okay, escargot and alligator tail, but because the entrees are so big (in terms of portion size), I think appetizers were a mistake.  The Chief of Staff's mahi mahi, char-broiled, was quite good, the beans too salty, hush puppies and grits were good.  I ordered the seafood gumbo, also very good.  I liked the peach cobbler, the Chief of Staff liked her Key lime pie.  Dessert, like entrees, were overly generous in portion size.  Beer selection was limited, wine even more so.  Service was personable, efficient, we had a good time.  This is not an appropriate place for vegans, or those offended by taxidermy. Actually, I might have some trouble sleeping for a while, myself.
First time there but not the last.  Great place to go with friends.  We had fried foods which is hard to ruin so there isn't much I can say about the food, except the hush puppies.  Really good!  Very varied menu with LOTS on it!!!  Item's that you don't see in very many places, such as python, llama, alligator and other various forms of road kill.   You have to go for the atmosphere.  It is located at the end of the road ON the river, or maybe over a river.  Eat inside or outside on the deck or inside on the deck.  Surrounded by windows and loaded with fellow diner's.  The main dinning room is full of animals that have been to the taxidermist.  Many different kinds, worth the trip there.  Not to be missed.  Next time I go I will write more about the food.  Had the fish dip as an ap and it was very good.
I come here every time I'm in Jacksonville! It has a unique experience. This time was amazing as usual. My server was Oscar and her was very attentive, nice, friendly and helpful! Can't say enough about him! The food is wonderful, never had a bad experience here!!!!
One of my favorite spots to eat in Jacksonville. Great menu with plenty of variety. What makes this place so special is the atmosphere! I recommend the prime rib.Took my 3 days to finish it! Also the stuffed flunder is amazing with the shrimp on top!
Had an awesome meal here with family. Food was all good. Service was a little slow.  Mixed drinks were very expensive and not very good. I'd suggest reservations.   Lots of animals around on the walls etc to look at. Kids can feed the fish and possibly spot an alligator swimming by. Fun place!
I really want to give this place 3.5 stars for the food. The service was good, the decoration really put this place over the top to a 4-star. Why was I not as happy as I should have been with the food? Let's start with what I ordered for dinner. I heard that the seafood boil was huge, and was awesome. People told me it was delicious, and more food than I can eat. Maybe I was let down from the expectations set by others, which really isn't fair for the restaurant. Had this been the only criteria, the place would have probably received a 2 from me. I did absolutely love that the crawfish they served all seemed to be alive when they were cooked. Dead seafood tastes different, and I've had some pretty bad crawfish before. The crablegs were okay, nothing special. The clams were on the small side, and I didn't really like the hotdog/sausage. Corn is corn, potatoes are potatoes. There was some seasoning sprinkled on, but everything was just kinda bland, and really needed butter. For dessert, I had the strawberry cheesecake. It was just plain store-bought cheesecake with strawberry syrup drizzled on top. That's why I'm giving the food 3.5 stars. What really puts this place over the top... the awesomely awesome decorations!!! I have a friend who had to stop eating because she thought the animals were watching her, possibly judging her. But I loved it! I really enjoyed the alligator tank. Didn't think it was real until that sucker moved!! Usually, decoration shouldn't deserve such a huge impact on the overall score. But when you have a place like this, and you can get people to come in to simply see all that stuff, it's a step in the right direction!
Yes I am a fan. This is not a upscale restaurant, but very unique they have a alligator swamp outside and a tank inside a huge exhibit of jungle animal galley all around the place. The food was fresh and very very tasty . Portion was great size . I came from NYC and you won't find a place like this in the city. I would bring all my frds here if they come visit Jacksonville. They also serve alligator toes with was interesting .
There are some restaurants.  Then there are some experiences.  Experiences that you will pass on to friends & family.  Experiences that will help you remember for years to come.  When I think of Jacksonville, FL, I think of my experience at Clark Fish's Camp at the top of the list.  Whether for good or bad, there were many things that will stick out to mind and the break down is below. Venue: It is unique.  Based on a river, creek, swamp.  Driving to the actual building, you will not pass many commercial buildings.  Yet, it is almost like driving towards your own neighborhood or as if you are going to see family.  The journey is VERY residential through 30 MPH, single road zones.  If you are experiencing this approach with this description - do not worry, you are going to the right place.  You can see the parking on the street (on the grass) the closer you get to this place.  On a weekend, the parking can be tight.  It's a private dirt road lot and first come first serve.  None of that valet crap.  The actual building is set along the water in the back.  To walk inside through the front, you are walking across a wooden platform that is set over water (where some people are either waiting to be called on their reservation or actually eating).  Nothing modern, it has a good down in the woods vibe. Decor:   A very unique décor.  When you walk in, they have stuffed animals from all kind of wild all over the place.  Tigers, Yaks, whatever you name - it seems to be there.  They are all on the ceilings through the glass.  Pretty cool.  Even in route to the bathrooms, you can see live gator. Well I'll be damn!  The actual seating is nothing more than park benches. Service:   This is where I thought this place lost a few points. First, the wait was 1 hour and a half.  I know this place is popular but damn.  I really wanted to try it after all I've heard of it so waiting was no problem. Perhaps also that it was my waitress but she kind of sucked.   For example, just forgetting our silverware when requested and taking it seems like double digit minutes to finally getting what we requested.  Taking forever on the initial order.  Her recommendations just sucked overall (and I will get to that in the food portion of this review) If I ever come back to this place, I will give the benefit of the doubt on the service and will try to avoid coming on the weekend. Environment:   Something for everyone.  Good to bring the whole family (experience with the kids).  Good to hang out with buddies, bring a date, client, whomever.  Good for young, good for old, background.  My kind of spot based on versatility. Food:   They have everything.  But just because they have everything doesn't mean it was all good.  Lot of previous reviews loved the food.  I necessarily thought it was just "ok".  The Kangarooo grilled was the best thing I had all night between appetizer or entrée.  If I had to go back and re-do my order, I would have sticked with the exotic food items such as the kangaroo, ostrich, yak, antelope, rabbit, snake.  Kangaroo taste like a better cube steak with flavor.  I thought the meat was kind of tough but delicious while chewing.  Big ovation for the 'roo!  However, the calamari was disappointing.  Had better calamari at other establishments and just seemed "cheap".  The calamari shouldn't be separated from the batter when you first pick it up.  Didn't taste as if it was made properly to make love to my taste buds.  My entrée was nothing more than an average seafood platter.  Outside of the gator, it was nothing more I would have seen at Red Lobster.  I thought  it was "ok" at best.  Just didn't seem to have any flavor.  I was kind of disappointed.  The gator was good but the shrimp and scallops - it was like "eh, eh".  But what sucked was the sides. This comes back to that wack waitress and her recommendation.  I mean it isn't like she cooks the stuff but her taste in food was piss poor.  The garlic mashed potatoes was not good (box).  The mac & cheese was not good either!  It taste like it was from right out of the box.  The worse was the cheese grits.  It was just pure filth.  Very watery!  The etoufee was even more disappointing.  Had no Creole, southern twist to it.  Just was average.  As far as the rest of the menu, it seems very plentiful, diverse and may need to update the review just on other items.  I didn't go there for the prime rib but everyone seems to lust for it.  I may try this next time. Prices:   Fair.  Most items are $$ (11-25) on the entrees.  No complaints on the price on the food. Huge Pros:  Wide range of menu items, different items to peak your interest such as kangaroo, antelope.  It's very good and should be tried. Debbie Downers:  The service and the wait.  No choice but to knock the overall experience a few stars. Conclusion:   I highly would recommend coming if you live here or even more visiting from out of town.  Everyone's experience will differ based Grade: C
Clark's Fish Camp (check out all the photos I uploaded) First of all let me start by saying I have reached the pentacle of my yelping here. I will explain that in the food portion. This place is not east to get to, lucky for me the rental car has GPS. You have to drive through miles of residential area down to the end of an old road and just before you drive into a swamp, bam your there. Place looks like a movie set on the outside, from back in the day or a survivor episode. Plenty of parking. The inside is a whole different story; they have every type of real animal taxidermy mounted on the walls, floor and ceiling (see photos) they even have a real shrunken head! Clark's has an Amazing atmosphere. Good for large parties too, there were several big ones there. It was looking like a 5 star review right off the bat. I will talk about the service before the food because the menu was so extensive I needed help. Excellent service, He gave me tips on how to get more for my money. Fast, friendly and knowable service; this was an easy 5 stars in that bracket. On to the food!!! There are more than sixty different appetizers on the menu ranging from escargot to fried green tomatoes. Your decision will need a lot of consideration. Their main menu also consists of a large selection of choices. From Fish Camp Platters to homemade Key Lime Pies, you should leave full and satisfied from your meal. For the adventurous at heart, they offer an extensive list of fried or charred wild animal, which includes ostrich, kangaroo, antelope and rattlesnake. Well I was feeling like the host of the bizarre foods show and I started with a half dozen oysters. They were good and that was just a primer for my stomach. I moved on the charred Antelope; let me tell you it was amazing. Taste like a good cut of beef almost like flank steak I moved on to something I thought I never would eat Fried Kangaroo! Actually it was pretty dam good, extremely tender and very dark lean meat. This was truly a unique dining experience. This place is easily worth a 50 mile drive if you're staying anywhere near Jacksonville you just need to go!
This place is an odd mix of a hillbilly  Disney experience and a zoo where all the animals are dead and, prior to being displayed, had their meat removed, rolled in batter and fried in a giant cauldron. It is a tourist experience, not a place to experience good seafood.
Bad frozen watery flounder ,no hostess , no kids menu , really just ok fried seafood. Nothing special at all other than the " camp atmosphere and view"
Food and service were okay.  Never been too impressed by this place.  I definitely prefer Whitey's over Clarks.  There is just something about the smell throughout the place and outside that just ruins it for me.
Here's the deal.......We have been to Clark's many times......so we know what this place is about.  I have always rated it very high in most way's.  Whenever family visits, this is a must do trip.  However, I have to tell you about our visit on 6/8/14 in the early afternoon.   This post has to do with our server, "Oscar."  We had a normal first contact, drink orders, recommendations of food etc.  He even said he assumed we had been there before.  We ALL knew what we wanted to order, and we told him so.  We FINALLY get to the point to order.  My mother orders DEEP FRIED alligator toes which she has every time, with fries.  My buddy orders fried conche with mac/cheese and French fries......finally, I ordered fried green tomatoes, and we all had several drinks.  First of all, my friend/server Oscar was obviously put off we didn't order more food.  Obviously, he was calculating his tip.  The food took about 45 minutes to get, and they were not even close to being busy.  The food comes to the table, delivered by a runner.  My mother get's grilled/BBQ alligator toes on a plate and that's it.  My buddy get's conche on a plate, and that's it.  I get my tomatoes.  We tell the runner the order is not right.  He says hold on let me check.  Just as the runner is coming back to the table, Oscar see's we obviously have a problem, and makes it to the table before the runner, and tells him to go away.  Oscar tells my mother that he took it upon himself to change her alligator order, because he thought she would like it better, and the night before they had several returned orders of the "fried" alligator.  It was returned and we demanded what we ordered.  He took it away, and said, "I'm sorry, I just tried to surprise you."  I intervened, and told him it definitely was a surprise, and to get our order right.  He immediately comes back with a dish of buttered red potatoes, a dish of green beans, which we never ordered.  We told him so, and he told us they were complimentary.  Finally he pieced our meal together in sections.  Oscar, my message to you is when you screw up an order, admit it and make it right.  If you think for a second we believed anything other than you F'ed everything up, guess again.  You are a complete idiot.  If it were up to me, your lying ass would not get a dime for a tip.  Beings my mother was buying, she gave you a measly ten percent.  That's more that you deserve.  Plus, we heard the booth on both sides of us complaining, and sending back food.  I realize I'm just one person.  But, I hope you don't keep Oscar long, next time I'll punch his lying ass out.  I'm feeling this place is really going down hill!!
Ok, forget the food. It is not even important here. This place is so cool, I love to take friends from out of town here. Tons--and I do mean tons--of taxidermy surround you while you dine on seafood or a host of other bizarre food choices. Like gator, frog legs, rattlesnake, antelope....you get it. Plus the place is suspended over the river, and you can feed the alligators that hang out near the docks. Fod\od is ok, but like I said, that's not even the point at this place. Check it out! You won't be disappointed.
My family and I enjoy eating there on the open deck. The kids get to see the turtles and feed them every chance they get. I love the variety of exotic meats and the freshness of the seafood. The place has a museum feel with a vast amount of stuffed animals. Around the holidays is even better with the string lights all over the inside and outside of the restaurant.
Great food, very interesting decor....but be prepared to wait, it's a very popular place.
Great kitschy atmosphere - cheap Xmas lights and a multitude of stuffed animals (from the Florida swamps to the African plains). Very crowded - but we passed a 40 minute wait drinking beer outside.   You sit at picnic tables. Appetizers included fried pick;es and alligator tail, The pickles were perfectly done.  I wouldn't order the gator tail again - it was somewhat tough and surprisingly bland. My entree was an outstanding and huge platter of fried fish, scallops,deviled crab, and clam strips and shrimp served with tasty sides of cole slaw and hush puppies.  All the fish was tasty and  not overly deep-fried. The menu is huge.  Several interesting beers were available at surprisingly low prices.  Service was prompt. Only hassle is finding parking, but it's worth the trip.
This place is alright.  Its certainly an experience if you havent been to a fish camp before.  But having become familiar with Lobster Pounds in New England, I would say the fish camp experience is a bit lacking.  Its a restaurant, but very casual. The seafood is ok, not sure how fresh it is, the service was good during off peak hours.  The fried food is deep deep fried, not flash fried, thus masking any fish flavor.  Perhaps it was my mistake inordering, but its unlikely I will be back.
I recently dined here with coworkers on a business trip. If you are ever in Jacksonville, FL this is the one place you must visit. The service was great and very friendly. We met one of the owner's and she was terrific. The facility is exciting. There are dozens of exotic taxidermy animals throughout the restaurant. They also had a live alligator on display. It was a lot of fun. The food was great. Everyone at our table enjoyed the quality and portions of their dinners. I had a Python appetizer and Gator Tail for my entree. It was cooked nicely and a lot of fun to try. They have many game and other non-typical meats on the menu. They also had all of the traditional favorites for the less adventurous. A great meal combined with friendly staff and unusual decoration really made it a great experience. Anyone who visits Jacksonville should make a point to stop in at Clark's Fish Camp.
Clark's Fish Camp is a southern seafood and game restaurant and a lot of fun. The menu is as long as a Baptist hymnal and contains appetizers of everything from fried green tomatoes to Cajun boudin to game including snake and alligator served fried or charred. In fact, nearly anything on the menu can be prepared fried: I think the only thing in their kitchen that Clark's hasn't put into the fryer is the cook. The main dishes here center around seafood but also include prime rib, some pasta dishes, game and some very complex combination platters: in example you can get shrimp cooked a variety of ways in a combo or you can get platters with fried shrimp, squid, frog legs, catfish . . . you get the idea. The atmosphere is unique: a vast and rambling dockside shack with a working boat dock, decorated with Christmas lights and every possible example of taxidermy you can imagine. Very southern, very country, and very fun. There are alligators right up near the dock too, and as someone who grew up in Florida and am used to seeing gators all the time, I can only imagine what visitors from the north must think. If you have people visiting who want to see a live gator and have an experience that's as southern as can be, bring them to Clark's. When I ate here with my ex-boyfriend and his family, we had fun but his mother and sister complained their prime rib wasn't very good . . . I forget the exact problem but neither were pleased. I get the impression that Clark's can be rushed at times and not always at their best: a lot of places like this which are very popular and stay busy are that way during peak hours though. My shrimp platter was very good, though nearly anything you order here will be a cardiologist's nightmare and it's hard (aside from the salads) to find things that are really healthy. That said, you don't come down to Clark's for healthy eating -- you come for a fun experience and diverse food. The hushpuppies and the desserts are also stand-outs, and seafood seems the best bet: even though they do serve some very exotic game here, much of it probably isn't local (like the kangaroo: yes that's really on the menu!) so why not eat what IS local?
Visited Florida this past week with my college roommates and our significant others to celebrate the wedding of on of our close friends. The first night in town, we had reservations for Clark's. We figured if we were visiting Florida, we had to eat some gator. Clark's fulfilled this wish plus more. The food and options were outstanding. We enjoyed every bit of what we got. The sampler platters were enormouse. Two couples ordered the sampler for two and barely put a dent into the plate. While the food was fantastic, the service was so so. We wrapped up our meal around 8:30 pm on July 4th, and they were closing things down. We felt very rushed after we had finished eating as if they were trying to shoo us out of the establishment. We felt as if this was very rude for the amount of money we spent with a large party of ten. If ever visiting Jacksonville again, I would definitly return for some exotic meat and decor.
If you are into eating (and mounting) anything with four legs that is not human, this place is for you.  I was visiting Jacksonville on business.  I found it to be a tad too loud, garrulous, campy (no pun intended) and redneck - including the pet alligator.  All of that may be your thing though.  If it is, have a ball with it.  The food was exotic - but overcooked.  The main entree was mediocre.  The key line pie was too sweet and not tart.  Overall, this place - while very interesting - was ok.  Regardless, this is a place you'd only see in America.
I have been coming here for years but unfortunately this time was not very good.....average at best. Hopefullly it was just a off night for them. I did notice though that the place was not packed like it use to be.
This is where we bring friends visiting from out of town. You kind of have to see it to believe it. Food is kind of average to pretty good- not super fancy, but consistent. Get's crowded, but its congenial.
a 'must see' place when you come to Jacksonville, or if you've got visitors from out of town come to visit.  Food is plentiful - large portions. Food is good and hot. Fun place to eat.  Bring your camera -- this place is a menagerie of wildlife!
This is one of our favorite Dives in Jax. It is overflowing with Taxidermy , and is quite impressive near Halloween! Right on the water, and the food is good, a tad pricey, but delicious. The atmosphere is so much fun, and kids will love it! Be sure and try at least one of the exotic animals on the menu! Ostrich, Alligator, etc. (They all taste like either chicken or steak)
If your seeking a fine dining experience then this isn't the place!  However, Clark's isn't your typical Florida fish camp either.  This place is just fun and down home.  They have an interesting menu of a variety of fish/exotic meats you can order fried up or grilled that you won't find at most places.  If you go on the weekend go early or expect to wait.  If you have a large group you can call ahead for reservations (I think 8 is the minimum).  They are located right along Julington Creek and have a few boat slips if you come by boat.
This place is pretty cool to go to at least once and I hope to return when I'm in the area again.  Decor: Think Rain Forest Cafe only all the animals they have used to really be alive at one point.  Menu:  Picture any wild animal.  They probably have it on the menu.  I went for a traditional dish while there, prime rib.  The Joan's cut, the smaller portion they offer, was a 36OZ bone-in masterpiece.  I ordered it rare and it came that way.  Tender, juicy, awesome.  I shared a gator-tail appetizer which was pretty standard as far as gator-tail I've tried, pretty good.  Next time I go back I'm going to eat an animal I've never tried before.
Fun, campy place to eat. The kids were intrigued by the live alligator, the numerous mounted animals and the fish next to the boat ramp. The food was only okay. The shrimp isn't local or fresh. Still, it's better than a chain restaurant.
Despite over the top stuffed animals, this is a great place for fish. Had low country boiler... Crawfish, shrimp, sausage, potatoes, crab were very good. Draft beer selection was poor. Would return.
Clark's Fish Camp is one of those really interesting restaurants having the 3rd largest taxidermy collection by a single individual in the US as decor or so I've heard. Clark's has great food but there is no care to the presentation of the food whatsoever. There were times we had to quit coming. The food quality started to turn awful where the presentation was just horrible that you lose your appetite. Because my husband and I are seafood lovers and because it's a couple of miles away from home, we came back especially after they had renovated the place. The food presentation is better but nothing grand. The food is for the most part good. Their prices are a bit high for the quality. It can accommodate a larger crowd. The music is not too loud and where you have to yell at each other to converse. The service can be excellent or it can just be crappy. Just hope for a good waitstaff who thinks about his tip at the end of the meal. The outside deck is also nice in the summer so bring a bug spray.
The health department has shut them down for cleanliness and sanitation reasons a couple of times. The scenery is awesome and I really wish it was the food it used to be, but i dont see that happening soon!
clark's fish camp is my favorite restaurant of all time! where else can you have dinner with tigers and monkeys and kangaroos? the taxidermy is so interesting and there's a lot to look at! i always have so much fun when i come here. the service is great and the food is outstanding. i can't wait to go back to jacksonville so i can visit clark's again!
Service was superb as usual. Very friendly and quite honest... Shrimp are brought in fresh EVERY DAY...  Don't think that's a deal breaker in my book. Our party had the rainbow trout, the salmon and a crab stuffed Flounder, all where very good. The Blue fries are a Killer appetizer! Oh and the live gator... He seemed quite scared. I guess if he misbehaves, He will be tomorrow's lunch special! ha!
Really great meal. Love the fun atmosphere, here. No matter how many times I eat here, I always find something new to look at and eat!  Reasonably priced and hundreds of choices. We had a small problem with receiving our appetizer very quickly, followed a minute later by our entree.  Our server immediately fixed the problem and sent the entree's back to the kitchen to insure that we weren't rushed and all of our food was hot. Very pleased!
Service, horrible. Plastic beer mugs?  Mahi over cooked.... The silver ware was the best part of the meal!!  Sure, this place has the atmospheres the food was awesome my first time there, so I will chalk this visit up to, the night after the 4th of july...maybe they were still recovering.  and the bar tender....omg,  when asked about his margaritas, he said they were nothing special, just the regular, run of the mill margaritas....so much for his confidence in making a good drink.  he did open the bottled beer pretty good, though....
Clark's is like no other place I have seen. The food was excellant, the service was friendly and efficient. They have indoor and outdoor seating. We sat outside and enjoyed the water views with people riding up in their boats to come to dinner. Inside it seemed dark. The only negative was the restroom. It was cramped and dirty feeeling because it was very outdated, but I have heard they are renovating their restrooms.
A fun place with very... interesting decor (hundreds of mounted (taxidermied) animals).  Food was good, but I only had simple BBQ shrimp.  As a visitor, I thought it was fun local color (if a little overdone). I don't know what the locals think, but there were plenty of them there, so they must like it too.
The scenery alone is worth the visit.   The food is traditional southern.  If you want to go big, try the prime rib.  Order the huge one, you won't be disappointed.  I first visited this place on business.  I thought it was so unique that I had to drive down from charleston with my family just so they could experience it.  Everyone thought the drive was well worth it!
Let me start out by saying that the restaurant is worth visiting for the atmosphere, if you are looking for quality food and service then this isn't the place for you. We started out with the fried kangaroo, for $9 we got about 6 "nuggets", I assumed this was acceptable because we were paying for the adventure of eating kangaroo. The meat was fried to a terribly difficult, dry, and hard mess. The flavor was gamey (expected) but also tasted spoiled. The kangaroo was served with a teriyaki soy sauce, which was equally as bad. Jo ordered the all you can eat fried catfish, it was served with hushpuppies, french fries, and coleslaw. The coleslaw came about 25 mins before the rest of our food so in order to avoid eating my own fingers from hunger I snacked on the most dry underflavored slaw I've ever had. I ordered the flounder florentine with scallops, I got mac and cheese and potatoes on the side. The whole meal was kinda "blah" but afterwards my stomach hurt really bad. My review; we came, we saw, we wont be returning.
Oy vay - what a spot - well worth the trip.  I thought my GPS had had a brain seizure when I saw where it was going.  Cool spot - great food.
This is a nice and fun place to go for a bite of the unusual or a drink weather by car or boat.
Awesome Food+Awesome Ambiance+Good Service+Reasonable Prices = Insane Crowds.  I will never go back on a WEEKEND but I"LL BE BACK.  An icon and must for any adventurous foodie.
A fun family night, wonderful fresh seafood surrounded by just about the most interesting decor that I can ever remember in a restaurant. The place was just packed but they managed to get us in and out - pleasing everyone at the table.  Nice job - we will most definitely be going back.
this was probably one of the worst meals i have ever had. i ordered the combo plate with fish and oysters. bear in mind this was $18.95. i received a side salad, a small bowl of grits, a tiny piece of fish and maybe six little dried up oysters. the ice berg salad with a few little salad tomatoes was probably the best part of the meal! what a rip off! i am being very generous with one star.we ant early and it wasn't busy yet. still not great service. won't be back.
If your in town visiting l, this is a must go to place!!! Be adventurous and try something from the wildlife menu! If your not into wildlife, don't worry there's plenty of other great stuff in the menu!
This place is so cool!  You drive down dark Hood landing, after driving through a residential neighborhood you end up on a wooded dirt road and your instincts tell you that you are definitely lost, just keep pressing on and you'll come to a restaurant on a swamp with a dock.  Be careful, there are gators.  I'm not kidding!  If you are lucky you will see some little ones in the swamp.  I go there for the prime rib and the atmosphere.  Is the prime rib like Alexanders in Cupertino, CA, no, but it is decent and there is lots of it.  Worth the trip!
Unique experience with great food.  Make sure you try the turtle, and other delicacies.
Love this place & the casual relaxing atmosphere. Food is good. menu is very unique with everything from shrimp to oysters to crocodile.  My Fiance & I go there everytime we are in town.  Love the outside patio seating on the water.  Last time we were there a couple of Manatees were in the water right near us.  the only negative is the wait for a table.  we started going at like 5:30pm to avoid the wait.
I absolutely LOVE eating at Clark's.  I grew up eating here, and have seen the restaurant change over the years.  But the food has always been amazing.  I've moved away from Jacksonville, but whenever we come back, I have to eat at Clark's.  I have always thought they had the best gator tail in Jacksonville, and of course their Jack's/Joan's cut of the prime rib is infamous (I've never been brave enough to try it, though).  I usually end up getting the stuffed flounder because it is SO GOOD, even though everything on the menu looks so amazing.  The only thing that keeps me from listing this as five stars is that the service is only ever just OK.  But the food is good enough to make up for it.  If you're in the area, you HAVE to eat here.  You won't regret it!
Wild and adventurous samplers for anyone who dares!  This place serves everything from seafood to kangaroo and gives you an eyefull of stuffed zoology in every corner.  Yes, all the dead animals are really real.
Best fish camp in jax!
I would move to Jacksonville just to eat in Clarks Fish Camp again. So what does that tell ya ?
OMG!!!!! Who would have thought this place was going to be this great! Awesome atmosphere! Great seafood! Well worth the drive!
The atmosphere is unique and fun. You probably won't fine the place like this so often. The food was good but nothing out of this world. However, combination of food and place is fun and memorable. Kids will love all the stuffed animals that they have. We also spotted a couple alligators while we were there.
Great variety of wildlife over your head and on your menu! I try to always order anything on the menu I've never eaten. There were far too many of these here. Snake was tough but cooked well.My entree included Alligator, soft shelled crab, Oyster, Calamari and something else  unusual. We both enjoyed our meals.
Outstanding food and service.  Yellow Fin Tuna , Mahi Mahi, and shrimp cooked to perfection.  Very large food portions.  Great value.  Restaurant is like a natural history museum with many preserved animals.
I absolutely loved this place!!! My family and I were on vacation in Florida and had eaten god awful fast food for the last two days. We were hoping for a good score on some awesome food. And by the third day our hopes were beginning to dwindles. We found this place by accident via smart phone search in a mad panic to find a place to eat. I had the worlds best Cajun Jambalaya, hummmy, hummmy, hummmmmy!!!! Drinks were awesome! Atmosphere was really nice! The lady at the front door seemed a little pissed, but hey, we all have our bad days. If you get here, request to be seated out on the deck. There is a beautiful wood deck in the back that overlooks a nice calm river. If you live near by you can even get there by boat, as they do have a nice boat dock to dock your boat. Pretty Cool!! We were there in early May and didn't experience any bug activity sitting outside. It was just what we were looking for before we headed back to Chicago.
I've been going to Clark's Fish Camp ever since I was little but this last time was a sub-par experience at best. There was a group of 10 of us so I know that the server had his hands full on a busy Saturday night  but here's my problems I personally had  the dinner I received. First off, my dad ordered 5 apps but we only got 4 of them and it wasn't until we were already eating our main meals that we realized that when he said your other app will be out shortly when he brought the other 4 that we never in fact got it. Instead they brought it after our meal when we were all already stuffed and finished eating. On top of that, which I'll admit is a minor mishap, I ordered the stuffed shrimp. I got my dinner and ate the first shrimp. It was good but not great. But then I went to eat my second shrimp and I noticed it had a shiny look to the fried batter. Upon further examination I discovered that this stuffed shrimp had not been removed from its plastic wrapping before being battered and fried. Needless to say even after telling the server and him offering to bring me out another order I politely declined and pretty much lost my desire to finish my meal. I finished my mashed potatoes which were yummy by the way but the seafood (which is what you are there for) had completely lost its appeal.
The worst food I have ever eaten. Period.
NOT ALLERGY FRIENDLY. The atmosphere is great fun, and they have a very extensive menu. But if you have any allergies, you will not be accomodated in any way. My brother took me here thinking I would have tons of options to find something I could eat (I'm allergic to wheat gluten and corn, so I have to avoid seasonings and fried food). When I was ordering my shrimp, I mentioned that I have a lot of allergies, and can she please make sure that my shrimp are cooked without any seasonings on it? She interrupted to say "We can't do anything for allergies." When I asked for my hush puppies and french fries (NO SUBSTITUTES ALLOWED, so I was going to give them to my husband) be put on a separate plate, she said "I can't guarantee that will happen." To which I replied "then I can't order anything at your restaurant." Only then did she agree to put those on a separate plate. There were also seasonings on my shrimp even after she told me they only put butter on them. So it's tons of fun if you don't have any food issues, but if you have food issues, give up and go elsewhere for your health.
Just had dinner there today.  Food was ok, menu was huge (too much to effectively manage).  Cool location, very different experience.  My opinion, better choices in Jax.
GREAT place, great food, if you have never been this is a must  do!!! Everytime we have guest from out of town we take them too!!! we have never been disapointed.
Go to restaurant when I have out of town guest. Jacks cut prime rib is huge
This place is so cool. We ate here on 11-23.  It was decked out, inside and out with Christmas stuff. And of course the main attraction is the taxidermy on the inside. They have every animal from a monkey to a giraffe, to a live gator inside and out. Outdoor seating is cool too because it is on the water. We shared the platter which is plenty enough.  This place is definitely worth a detour off of 95 and will be my favorite detour in Jacksonville.
This place was awesome. Great staff, awesome view and the food was great. I had broiled gator feet and ribs and both were fantastic. The portions are huge and prices are very reasonable. This place is a must go.
cool atmosphere, food quality is pretty good, getting a little old though
What an amazing place this is!  I've been here many times so now that I'm Yelping, it's very easy for me too write this review. As you enter the business you will quickly learn the theme of the restaurant as they have taxidermy animals all over the place.  You will see stuffed birds of all sorts, lions, tigers, bear, buffalo, coyote, giraffe, snakes, kangaroo,  hyenas, and much more.  The restaurant even has alive alligator named Lilly that is just inside the front door. They always decorate for the season as well.  We've been here at Christmas and saw many decorated Christmas trees throughout.  Around Halloween,  the place is decked out with very spooky stuff, some of which is motion activated...get close to it and then prepare to jump.  LOL. Let me now tell you about the food. The fish has always been very fresh and the portions quite large, even for their baskets but I typically get a platter as it comes with 2 sides and 2 hush puppies.                                                       Today I chose the coconut shrimp with cole slaw and French fries.  The shrimp were very large and butterflied and pretty tasty.  The French fries and hush puppies were spot on but the cole slaw was not so great.  It was fresh but I prefer a set cole slaw instead of just mayonnaisey.  Speaking of sweet,  the Sweet tea is best at half and half (50% sweet and 50% unsweetened). The server today was Susan.  She was awesome and anticipated our requests often before even asking for any.  Top notch service in my book. All around experience here is a perfect 5 Star rating.  If you haven't been, you should go soon as you're missing a wonderful dining experience.   For those that like libations, they have an indoor and outdoor bar and the outside alai has a boardwalk that takes you or into the water for a chance viewing of a live gator, manatee, turtle or just a beautiful view of the creek.
This one was a just not a good meal, overall.  And I will start by telling you that this is a 4-star restaurant (usually) with a 2 1/3-star performance (this time). I called in a reservation because of a large Meetup group gathering (last night seemed to be National Large Parties at Clark's Day), and arrived early.  I asked to be seated and was told that most of our 14 people would have to arrive before we would be seated.  Normally, this is not a big deal, BUT, the area around the hostess stand is very crowded, so I spent the next half an hour being pushed, stepped on, and bumped into while my group slowly arrived and added to the congestion.  It would do Clark's well to rethink this policy of theirs and/or how to alleviate the traffic jam--especially since I counted a half-dozen groups besides ours with parties of 10 or larger. I also did not see one person on the staff who was *not* terse or abrasive.  I normally would chalk it up to a busy night, but the hostess (also short and crass) said they were markedly slow (maybe that was veiled sarcasm?).  Even our server was mostly flippant--even when several of our group didn't get things they ordered (and one didn't get her entree for nearly 10 minutes after the rest of us!). Our drinks arrived quickly, and our appetizer order taken shortly after.  The appetizers arrived warm (but not hot), and can best be described as fitting the dish described in the menu, but not containing that Wow! that you expect from a great restaurant. That last paragraph pretty much sums up the meal, too.  It was what was described on the menu, but lacked anything close to passion, care, or concern for the quality of the product served.  For example: my flounder was drowning in water (from defrosting?) and butter, lukewarm, tasted like the pre-seasoned "oven-ready" stuff I can get at Publix, and overstuffed with cheese.  The shrimp were small, but well cooked, while the scallops were tiny, previously frozen (like the bagged, freezer-section kind), and overcooked to somewhere between rubber and soggy jerky. The dessert menu was cliche and uninteresting, so we went elsewhere to finish off the night.  That was, sadly, the best part of the night, besides the fun we had with our group. This place has been a gem for 20 years, and I know they can do better--it is what prompted me to host our event here in the first-place--but this experience was far from what Clark's has served me in the past.  This seemed tired, rushed, and uninspired--almost commercial (i.e. serve as much food as possible, and cut as many corners as it takes to make the most money) instead of the passionate local fish camp I grew up loving.
Tonight was my first time coming to Clark's, and I went with a group. It was extremely crowded when we arrived at 5:30, but thankfully my boyfriend had a table reserved for our group. However, they did not want to seat us until a majority of the group had arrived. This slightly irritated me, because we had to stand in the way just waiting for more people to show up. Once we had 6 people we were able to get them to seat us. Our group ended up being 10 people, and I think our waiter was a bit overwhelmed. He was a bit slow on coming by our table throughout our visit. One of our group members tried to get cottage cheese as a side, but was told they were out. I ordered the burgundy chicken, and about 10 minutes after placing my order the waiter came back and told me they only have one piece of chicken left (my dish normally came with two). I was a bit shocked that they would run out of chicken. He did say they would reduce my meal cost since I was only getting half an order. For being as crowded as they were our food did come out pretty quick. While the waiter was slow on returning to us, he did provide good service when he came by. Our group had a good time and everyone enjoyed their food. My only complaints would be that the hostesses didn't seat us sooner and that they ran out of chicken. Had neither of those happened my rating would have been higher.
So it was my first time eating at this restaurant. When we arrived (party of 2), we were informed there was a 45-60 min wait. Being that I felt my stomach touching my spine, I wanted to leave but my friend insisted we stayed. Since there was a long wait, we already looked at the menu and knew what we wanted. Once seated, our waitress asked for our drink order in which we both replied , "water please". I then asked if we could place our appetizer order and was told no, I had to wait. Ten mins later, she arrived with our drinks and took our appetizer order, 1/2 lb of steamed shrimp extra spicy. About 30 mins later, after we saw other tables who were seated after us getting their apps, we asked the server if she knew about how much longer it would be. She replied, "As long as it takes to come out.". I bit my tongue as I knew and realized I was hangry and really didnt want to get upset in front of everyone. By this time, it was approx 1 hr and 40 mins and we still had no food. Finally our app came out shortly followed by our food. My friend enjoyed her food which was all fried (hard to mess up fried food), mine on the other hand was extremely mushy pasta. We were both unhappy with our experience and will never return. When I informed the manager, he really didn't seem to give a crap. Never ever again will I return, I dont suggest anyone return unless you're ok with subpar service.
