After hearing rave reviews from my friends in the area, I finally made it into Whiteway. I didn't realize that they close at 3 p.m. everyday and I strolled into the  place around 2:45. The man (who I assume is the owner) didn't bat an eye at my late appearance. He was super friendly and helpful. I went with the "Late Bloomer" and couldn't have been more pleased. It was a perfectly constructed pita masterpiece that consisted of avocado, turkey, bacon and tabbouleh (and I added tomatoes, per usual). The tabbouleh was perfection and the ingredient ratio was on point. I will definitely be back for more!
Now perhaps I should have had one of their pita's but this is a deli and I was in the mood for a hot pastrami with swiss on wheat with lettuce and tomato expecting a hearty lunch. Run by a friendly nice Palestianian family in a clean and well lit establishment on King Street. Sandwiches here do not come with any chips so I got some along with a sweet tea at the counter after ordering. When the Sandwich was delivered,it was truly....about 4-5 thin slices of pastrami, no lettuce or tomato, one scant slice of Swiss on two pieces of miniscule bread. The best thing out of the meal was the crushed ice in my tea. Very inadequate, unsatisfying or insufficient for a $10 lunch.
I have seen this deli and even thought about eating here many times. Well today I went to one of their neighbors and they were closed. So today was their day. I stopped in cause I have read the reviews and I will have to agree with all of the positive reviews. This place is a nice family owned and run shop. Very clean inside and they have a lot of old pictures of the area. It was nice to see an old place still kicking it. The breakfast sandwich was really good. Just what I wanted a breakfast pita sandwich. Everything was fresh and I did like the sausage. A pretty good quality sausage. I will return many times I believe.
Okay, so I travel a lot and love to be able to eat local whenever possible.  I AM SO EXCITED that I found this place in Jacksonville!!  Unfortunately, I will probably not eat anywhere else in Jacksonville for lunch now that I found this gem. In a nutshell, this is your old school neighborhood deli.  Walk in, counter order and grab a seat if you can.  Get there early for seating and parking.  First visit, be prepared to take some time browsing the menu on the wall.  It's a lot to take in.   I consumed the Late Bloomer, which was basically turkey heaven in a pita.  Turkey is served warmed, wrapped in cheese, tabouli, avocado and bacon! Served with a side of chips. Note: tabouli (or tabbouleh) is served on almost all of their sandwiches.  This is a traditional middle eastern salad that is oh so yummy!
This venerable neighborhood deli has stood the test of time; Its been here (or down the street) for a many many years, for good reason. Best pita sandwiches around for one. Even though they don't list a camel rider on the menu, maybe because of the 'hateful' name, they have the Jacksonville sandwich, only they call it the desert rider at Whiteway. No matter the name, they stuff a pita sandwich that you'll love . It gets busy at lunchtime, and even though it's bigger than it looks from the street, you may not be able to find a seat. No worries, just order your sandwich and go sit in one of the nearby parks for a fine al fresco lunch. On our last visit, we chose Memorial Park, because of the beautiful view of the river. If you've never been to Whiteway, don't put it off any longer. Just go. Maybe, like us, you'll spot a local celebrity or two while you're there!
My pita sandwich was a work of art.  They have obviously put a lot of work into their recipes, a ton of trial-and-error, but it sure shows. The avocado-tabouleh-whatever blend was the perfect complement to the meat in the sandwich, and the pita was toasted perfectly. So wonderful to see owners running the joint and taking pride in their work, it truly shows.
After several people recommending Whiteway to me (and not working near it) I decided after running 9-miles on my day off that it'd be a great place to try! It's much larger than I expected, noticeably clean, and the staff was inviting and helpful. Everything on the menu looks delicious and I'm beyond eager to rush back and try other specialties. I ordered the Late Bloomers (a toasted pita stuffed with warm turkey and provolone cheese, tabouli, banana peppers and bacon pieces) as I love avocado spread and tabouli. It was amazing! The tabouli was fresh and flavorful, and the texture of the creamy avocado contrasted perfectly with the crunchy banana peppers and bold bacon, and the crispy pita bread didn't overshadow any of its contents. Ahhh....I wish this place was open on the weekends!
Good solid sandwich shop with a unique flair. Order at counter, serve your own drink, tell them what you had as you leave and pay.  Everything has Tabouli, do know that going in. Always consistently good and a local hang out legend.
I've been coming here for years.  Love their food.  Love the people who work here.  The Whiteway Deli makes delicious sandwiches and don't cost an arm and a leg.  I love the Late Bloomer sandwich, but have also tried a little bit of everything on the menu at some time or another... now if only I could convince them to bring back the portabella sandwich they use to have on special from time to time... Soo good.   I read in a previous review that the place smelt bad.  I have been here a zillion times (okay that's an over exaggeration... perhaps 100 times) since they moved to this location and have NEVER smelt anything bad here.  In fact if anything I have smelt the inviting aroma of their food.  I don't think I have even smelt a nasty smelling customer (LOL).   The menu offers variety and is kid friendly.  My toddler and preschool aged kids have been eating here basically since they were in utero.  In fact I ate here (if you want to be specific, at their old location down the street) as often as twice a week when i was pregnant.   The staff here is very friendly and are great people.
Best food I got in Florida. The pastrami taboule was amazing.
Whiteway has a pretty big reputation. People love this place. I even really like it, although I wouldn't say I love it. But, before I get into that, lets discuss to pros. The food is awesome. They make a large variety of unique sandwiches, not just your run of the mill, can find anywhere sandwiches. They actually think up original pairings. So, it can be exciting and somewhat adventurous to eat here. However, that said, I usually go for something pretty tame, like pita with hummus and tabbouleh. Ha. I guess I am not always in the mood for an adventure. Another awesome thing is that, when you are paying at the register, they have a little button that is connected to a camera that takes pictures of unassuming patrons. They then post the pictures up on the walls in the restaurant and in boxes that you can sort through. It is pretty amusing. Okay, so downfall. This place smells... bad. It smells like a dirty mop. I haven't ever been able to bring myself to eat in here because I can't handle the smell. I even have a hard time ordering because it kind of ruins my appetite. Maybe that's why I always go for something safe. If you can get past the smell then this place is truly amazing. I have a sensitive nose [aka I can't usually smell well, so when I can smell something I am usually overwhelmed by it, good or bad], so maybe it doesn't bother most people. The food is five stars, delicious. Worth a shot!
Tired of the same old cold subs from the same old sub shops? Are you in the Avondale/Riverside/Murray Hill district? If so, stop by Whiteway Delicatessen on King St! My coworker pal and I have been frequenting this place the last few weeks, each time trying something new. The menu is pretty big, so it hasn't been hard to do. Most of the sandwiches that I've had were served warm, on toasted sub rolls, but they also offer sandwiches on bread and in pitas. Sam, the owner, is usually working the counter and is very friendly and inviting. There's a hidden camera somewhere behind the counter than snaps your photo, you'll see evidence of that on the walls. Kinda creepy, but the photos are fun to look at, haha. They do tend to put tabouli on all of their sandwiches, but if you're like me and not a fan of the stuff, you can just ask to have it left off. Overall, a very tasty lunch spot!
The best stop in town for breakfast or lunch. I read someone in these reviews said it smelled like a mop.  Never ever smelled anything in this restaurant and Im there frequently.  Maybe they had been cleaning that day.  The deli is very clean, all food is fresh and prepared daily.  Service is great.  They will make anything you want as long as they have the ingredients.  Simply the best in town.  Wish more places like this deli existed!
