The Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens is a terrific zoo, on the smaller side, with a decent and interesting selection of animals, a good number of activities, and the gardens (which encompass the entire park) provide plenty of areas to rest in the shade. The design is a main path with "loops" that take you into the different regions of the world and the animals therein.  You can EASILY see it all in one day at a leisurely pace.  Tickets run in the $11-13 range and parking is FREE. There is a fair amount to do for kids - the kids zoo section that includes mazes, a playground, and a splash park.  For many, this is the main reason to go... and there is the standard train tour, as well as a carousel that my daughter MUST go on every visit. Food is adequately priced and three restaurants serve a decent selection of food that is just above fast food quality. They recently instituted a "no picnic" policy - but they've never stopped us from bringing our own food in for the kids. There are special events all through the year - you need to check their website for details.  These are a lot of fun, and they put a lot of work into them . The key think to know about this zoo is that while it is on the smaller side for a city zoo the people who run it LOVE their jobs.  Every staff member, docent, and volunteer is happy and friendly to help. The best way to think of the Zoo is that is a particularly nice park, with lots of animal exhibits and a great play area for kids (probably the best in the city).  If you're looking for the world's most exotic animals, this is not the place.  It's just one of the best places in the city if you have young children, or you just want to take a nice stroll and look at animals. Special note: tweenagers and teenagers may be BORED OUT OF THEIR MINDS so bring the portable video games. Zoo Secrets: 1. The zoo borders the Trout River.  There is a dock a the far end of the zoo for boats, and while there is officially a ticket gate there, it is never manned.  The zoo is well worth the ticket price, but if you want a free trial - come by boat. 2. You can buy the tickets to the train and carousel in bulk and save about 20%.   3.  If you have an annual pass to nearly any other zoo or aquarium, you can get a 50% discount on tickets. 4. The zoo is, well, a ZOO on weekends.  Best advice here is the animals are most active at sunup, so get there as early as you can. It fills to overflowing quickly.
For months my husband and I had talked about taking our almost 2 year old to the zoo. She loves animals and we knew she would have an amazing time. We were right! We went at the beginning of the day and were so surprised at how clean and nice the entire zoo was! The parking was FREE and open! The tickets (to included unlimited activities were about $22 a piece per adult) it was great because with that pass we did not have to pay extra for all the things that we knew we would be doing. Food was well price and the staff was friendly. It was not over-commericalized at all. We will definitely be taking a trip back! The only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars was because there were no changing stations in the restrooms - at least the one I went to use.
What a nice zoo!!  Very clean, scenic to walk around, even when you're not in sight of animals.  Really neat to get views from up above and alongside the water exhibits.  They run lots of specials, the day we went there was a printable coupon online for Buy One Get One Free admission.  Even the food was tasty and reasonably priced!
This zoo is amazing too bad Shirley Campbell has such a negative attitude and almost ruined our visit from out of town. Word of advice is don't work in public relation if you don't like people lady! There was another lady who was really kind and provided us with excellent service and issued us a rainy day check after Shirley insisted that could not be done and that list didn't exist ( the list was 3 pages long) we returned two days later and had an amazing day! Shirley could not keep us from a great experience! Shirley will come again ;) and animal cookie are great
I was actually pleasantly suprised by this zoo considering I'd heard from others that "there was not much to see" here. I think they did a great job on the layout itself and to me, the gardens, shrubbery and foliage throughout the park are standouts. If I were a local, I'd get a membership just to be able to walk around. My favorite parts were Stingray Bay (petting the rays is my favorite no matter where I go), the Asia section with the bridge, koi pond and bamboo forest and the elephants within the Africa section. The much-hyped Jaguar exhibit was well put together and interesting to look at it, except the poor star of the show, the jaguar himself was sadly pacing back and forth in a small corner of his pen. As a plus, most animals were well within view (except the Red Wolves-I doubt they were even really in there) and most of the pens looked like they had decent roaming space. Minus 1 star for the streaky glass at some key exhibits such as the giant otters. They were playful and a lot of fun to view-however, nearly impossible to see clearly because of the filthy glass. Minus 1 star for their joke of a train ride. Unlike other zoos that give you a good tour on their rides this train literally passed the backside of all the out buildings and sheds and was pretty lame. Another word of warning-be prepared for ridiculously large strollers, poorly behaved kids and a lot of screaming. Nearly every section had a bunch of ill-tempered screaming children and parents that had no interest in taming them. I know it's a zoo, but seriously, teach your kids how to behave in public for crying out loud. Overall, worth a visit if you're in the area-word of advice, go late afternoon (less children and more active animals-I wish I had the good sense to do that.)
Fun day at the zoo before it got hot!  And to check out the new asian gardens and Komodo dragon exhibit.  This zoo is not a very big zoo but its big enough to require a stroller and good walking shoes!   Best value deal is the entry ticket, train and stingray exhibit which will save you about $6 if you were to buy the tickets separately.  Wished the trees were trimmed better when your're on the train riding the perimeter of the zoo. Parts of it is animal-less and you'll see alot of the custodial areas.   The stingray exhibit alone is $3 a person.  This is a "must-do" if you've never touched a stingray or fed them before.  Food purchase is extra but what a great experience!  Stingray's are cold and slimy and their skin has a sand-paper feel to it.   There's a nice play area that has fountains.  That's a great place to cool off.  There are drink carts and shaved ice carts all along the zoo so plenty of refreshments available. Take your camera and get some pics of the kiddies!
Great place for families
First off, get the regular entrance ticket, not the "value" ticket, because you want to skip the zoo train - worthless waste of time, you just see the backs of buildings. I like the train at most zoos, this is the worst (not worth your time even if free). The stingray bay is a pool where you can "pet "  the rays for an extra dollar - totally worth it, my 8yr old declared it the "best" part of the zoo. The aviary on the Australia loop was the 11 yr old favorite - tropical birds eating out of your hands (nectar $1, get it). All the animals you would expect (elephants, rhinos, giraffes) plus some you might not (penguins). Nice zoo overall.
Nice place to go every now and then. A little pricey in my opinion but what can you expect with a zoo.
Nice zoo and has come a long ways from when i was a kid!! The Halloween Spooktacular was lots of fun for the kid amd family!
Beautiful zoo. Loved the trees and flowers identification and bamboo everywhere.  Wished the butterly exhibit  and train ride were  included.
We love the Jax Zoo!  Fun for the whole family, old and kids alike.  This is a nicely-laid out zoo, always clean, with shade which is welcomed during those hot summer months.  Most of the animals have room to roam and we always leave, saying "we'll be back."  That's always a good sign.
Stood in line foe 1hour to get ticket for a Zoo that is unorganized with no leadership around.
This is a great zoo! My grandmother is the sweetest lady in the world and all she has been wanting to do lately is go to the zoo.  We picked the nicest day in the history of Jacksonville to take her.  What I like about this zoo is that there are enough exhibits to keep you entertained, but you don't have to spend an entire day to see everything. We got the AAA discount, which was an unexpected surprise.  The cute little kids are worth the price of admission and I really enjoyed watching the animals love the beautiful weather.  I like this zoo a lot better than my local zoo and I would definitely return!
Holy shit, that's the worst burger I've had all year.  It was luke warm to the point that the cheese wouldn't even melt on it. Eat BEFORE you go to the zoo. And the coffee lids on the soda cups were a sweet touch of class.
Being used to New Jersey zoos, this zoo is amazing in comparison! Tons of land for the animals with creative playgrounds. Plenty of seemingly happy and extra active animals. Lots of hands on activities like the sting ray touch tanks and feeding giraffes. Also plenty of playgrounds for children.
I really wish I could get out here more often, so I'm definitely considering buying one of the family memberships. It is worth it when you want to frequent the zoo on a regular basis just to have something to do with the kids to wear them out in the middle of the day. They offer a variety of animals. I love the way it is divided in continental regions to display the animals in their natural habitats. Some of the exhibits are a little more on the overrated side, but they are still fun for the kids. I love Stingray Bay because you get to feed and pet them and that is always such a cool experience. You gotta try it at least once and its a good way of teaching kids the importance of animals and the environment. I love bring the kids here for special events (Halloween and Christmas are especially fun). They also offer free entry when you ride up the river in a boat or canoe or whatever and park it there. That's cool. Honestly, the price can be a little bit off, especially since they charge for a few of the other attractions. And I don't know if they offer a day where it's free entry for at least the kids (like in NY, the Bronx Zoo has every Wednesday set up for kids to go in free, with paid adult admission). They offer camps during school breaks (at a cost, discounted for membership holders) that teach kids different themes for the duration. Overall, I love the zoo and this is a good one, but I would recommend looking into the memberships if you have a large family because within two trips for 5, you're coming off with a great discount.
Jacksonville has a great zoo. I've gone here quite a few times for different events. It's pretty spacious, always clean and the animals don't look deprived at all. They really take care of them. Their areas are clean, spacious and yes, they're in captivity, but not miserable. The events here are pretty cool. There's a brew at the zoo for adults, Christmas lights display and everyday is a splash zone for the kiddos. Obviously, the splash zone is for the summer, not that our winters are all that cold. It's pricey even with a military discount or a senior discount, but there are times during the summer when it's especially hot that they have $3 entry. Don't forget your sunscreen. I love that they have plant displays, too. My mom has an amazing green thumb and enjoyed seeing the different exotic plants, labelled and everything. The workers their enjoy their jobs and were especially informative, even the teens. It was great to see even the teens be enthusiastic about the animals and teaching my little ones different factoids. Dress comfy and put on great walking shoes, the place is huge. You don't even know how much you've walked until the end and your feet are screaming for you to sit down. They do have benches everywhere and wonderful photo ops for adults and kids.
Great time and nice park. Animals look well taken care of. Bought a year pass and will be back often with the family.
Very impressed!! Jacksonville Zoo was an unexpected gem. I loved the layout for viewing animals. The tiger exhibit is incredible. Friendly staff available to answer questions and gave very educational responsive. I could have spent the day in the gardens, absolutely beautiful. I can't wait to return to further explore. I highly recommend Jacksonville Zoo.
We had a great time! Coming from NY and going to the Bronx Zoo, we were a little skeptical of this 'small' zoo. There was really so much to see and lots of little hideaways for the kids to see animals and have some extra fun. All of the animals were a lot closer than many exhibits in the Bronx and the workers were very friendly and full of info. I would def return!
Simply top notch.  This is a great spot for kids and adults alike. Don't forget your sunscreen (like I did) or your sunglasses!
I just came back from the National Zoo in DC and wanted to write about the Jax zoo.  I believe it probably is my favorite zoo by far!  The varieties of animals,  and their wonderful habitats with great viewing area are amazing,  and the Smithsonian's National Zoo pales in comparison!!!
The Jacksonville Zoo is a great place for families and other social events. It's a pretty easy drive from any location in Jacksonville. They have an array of animals on display. Membership for families is really nice to. You get free entry into the zoo and discounts on special events and exhibits.They keep the zoo really clean and the employees are really nice and helpful. They also have great events outside of zoo hours like, Brew at The Zoo, ZooLights, Groove At The Zoo and Spooktacular. They also have camps that kids can attend. The Jacksonville Zoo is an all around great place. I am glad that the zoo uses every square inch of the property. It's not just a zoo. It's a concert venue and place where people can come and mingle, have fun and relax with the animals.
When people say there's nothing to do in Jax, this is one of the places I direct them to. It's a beautiful way to spend your day. It's close to downtown, parking is easy, and it's less than you would spend at a movie. Not only are the animals fun to watch, but this zoo promises only to adopt animals in need of rescue. This means they don't strip the animals from their natural environment and habitat! Jax Zoo is a great addition to our community. PLUS their new tiger exhibit is state of the art and truly provides a unique experience. I remember when I first heard of this Jax Zoo project at last years' One Spark. I immediately was intrigued and they fully delivered. I am so glad they were able to raise the project funds! Whether you are a visitor, native, or transplant, Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens is a must for all ages!
Brought my sister here, on her visit to Jacksonville. Noooo she's not a youngster, but a full on grown up like myself, we just love animals as much as any kid! The weather was perfect, sunny and 70 degrees so the animal poo smell wasn't nearly as bad as it can be in summer time. Huge plus. There is a great variety of animals at this zoo which is really nice for the family with kids who all like different animals. The apes exhibits seem to have animals of different ages which is awesome because the babies are soooo cute!!!! The tigers of course... Were sleeping. The Lions... Sleeping. Super boring animals. If you want excitement you're more than likely gonna get it from the penguins, otters, apes and elephants! Can't wait to go back! Next time I want to go back at night!!
Gets better as the years go by.  Great place to bring the whole family.  My favorite place was the butterfly exhibit.  Very nice.  My son's favorite area of course was the kid zone!  The Rio ride was fun.  It's no Harry Potter (I know, duh) but for little ones it's fun. My only issue is the food prices and you have to pay for refills.
Love bringing the kid here. It's clean and well maintained. The land scraping makes me want to go home and get to digging.
Being one of the few native Floridians (born in Florida) and living here most my life, you hear a lot of praise about the Jacksonville Zoo. I was very disappointed. With the exception of the new tiger encloserures, the enclosures seem very old and out date with no improvements since they were built. ALL the ponds were covered with algae. In great need of a filtration system or some fountains. The layout is horrible they are all loops so after going through one section you are back where you started making no headway through the zoo. There wasn't many restaurants, or gift shops, or anything. And I there were times when you are walking without seeing any enclosure. Totally missed the primate loop on the first time through, which isn't on the map. The stingray tank, train, lorikeets feeding, and giraffe feeding are all extra, which is fine, but it is also extra to go into a butterfly garden. Tampa's Lowry Park Zoo blows this zoo out of the water.
Short review here This is not a huge Zoo like others in the country. But it is an absolutely beautiful zoo with a nice selection of wildlife, that is a pleasure to walk due to the lush botanical gardens existing in the Zoo. We like it so much we joined as a family yearly membership.
If you haven't been to the zoo in awhile, you need to check this place out. I hadn't been in several years and was very impressed. It has a large variety of animals in large and interesting exhibits. The highlight is the new tiger exhibit featuring a walkway where the tigers can walk over you from one side of the exhibit to the other. No sooner had I said "imagine if a tiger actually was over you" and I looked up and saw one walking right over me. It took a few steps then roared a little. No way I could probably time it that well again if I went 50 times. The zoo is a little pricey but very enjoyable and worth the look. Try and go on a day when the temps aren't too hot, it will greatly improve your smelling experience.
Most of the animals are old, tired and don't move around. Miami metro zoo is a way better zoo.
Jacksonville zoo is a great place for families. We purchased the annual family membership which allows us free entry to the park, special event discounts and discounts on other zoos and aquariums throughout the country. It's a great deal pays for itself after two visits. There is something for everyone. From the Tiger exhibit to feeding the giraffes. This a great attraction that everyone in Jacksonville should venture out to see at least once.
Absolutely love the Jax Zoo!! They have added tigers and the whole area has been designed so well!! We stayed in that section for a while looking at the different animals and watching the tigers enjoy their new space. We also really enjoy the splash pad and play area. The splash pad is made of a rubber material, so I don't have to worry about my 15 month old scratching the tops of his feet when he crawls around. There is also an attendant that makes sure everyone is following the splash pad rules which makes it nice and I don't have to be a referee to make sure the big kids aren't trampling my baby. Oh and my baby loves the soft serve ice cream!! Hahaha
As a DINK we don't usually make it out to the zoo unless it is time for the annual Brew at the Zoo event...  We had a great time at the zoo today just the two of us with no kids in tow.  The weather was perfect and we enjoyed strolling around to see the animals.  There were other adult couples there too. We didn't eat or drink or use any of the facilities while we were there. We will be back.  My favorite part were the leopards and the panthers but I have a thing for cats.   I grew up in jacksonville and my memories of the zoo in the 1980s weren't so great but they have done a good job with the place.  They are opening the new tiger exhibit in the next week or so and we will most definitely check that out. Lastly, brew at the zoo is an amazing event.  We love going with friends.  Great food and brew, especially local craft brews.  If you get a chance to go to this event I highly recommend. As usual the jacksonville crowd offered some excellent people-watching.
Growing up we visited every zoo in every area that we lived.  Dad was in the military so we moved often.  I remember coming to this zoo as a kid and several more times as an adult.  It's not just a place to bring the kids, it is actually a pretty cool date night for those of you out there that have a person to go on a  'date' with!!! The cost to get in is a little pricey in my book.  You pay one price to get in, another price to ride the train, another price to feed the giraffe, another price to feed the birds... you may as well keep your pocket book open! It is pretty clean though... I mean you can't help those people that think it's there job to litter. Just pick up an extra piece of garbage when you throw yours away! I visited over the summer with my grandkids and we didn't get to see everything.  Mostly because there was some kind of summer special going on that included blow up things and water!  The kids had a good time on those.  and then the snow!  Yes, I said snow!  It was actually ice but they called it snow.  and that was fun too.  Cold but fun.  It started raining and suddenly our day was over.  Of course, that was no fault of the zoo! This time we were able to see everything, which was cool.  I hope to take my grandson back when he visits in November.  I am sure he will love to see what we didn't get to over the summer. All in all, it is a fantastic place to visit.  Whether it be a family trip or a date!  Heck, if you're single... grab your friends!
This is by far the most marvelous zoo I have ever had the pleasure of visiting!  The exhibits are truly innovative providing a fluidity of movement for both animal and human. They take great consideration of children, family visitors and the fact that it's Florida and HOT! The animals are all amazingly healthy, active, thriving and seemingly happy! The train ride around the park is great! Tips: Buy the All access admission. Beware the cranky ice cream shop employees, they did not pass Appropriate Customer Service 101.
This was a great zoo. I liked the layout of the zoo where it's basically one major path and the exhibits are in loops off the major path which makes t easy to be sure you've seen all the exhibits. Prices were reasonable for drinks and snacks. It's very stroller friendly and only one aviary required us to park the stroller to the side. If you can afford it the upgrade ticket with all the extras was so worth it you definitely get your money's worth. Great visit even if it rained the entire time.
Their staff are very unfriendly.  This place needs to hire people with actual people skills.  Im speaking about Mitsy in String Ray bay.  I'm a Fl native & this is my last visit here.  I will update all my social medial sites regarding my latest experience.   Thanks Misty for ruining our trip today.  B#@!%!
It's not my favorite zoo but it's great to have in Jacksonville. Jacksonville has a lot to offer and I'd suggest the zoo to travelers. The reason why it's not my favorite is just personal preferences. I feel like they're missing all of my favorite animals. :( However, highlights for me is the creativity of the place, super clean, and every time I go I feel like they're doing an upgrade. Recently went for Zoo lights and was very impressed. It's defiantley worth one trip as an adult and with children multiple ones.
Nice,clean,zoo. We are members and during the summer its great for our son, the water-play area is perfect! Spooktacular is also really cool. The zoo does a great job of putting on regular activities through out the year. The new tiger exhibit is really nice and looks like it'll be neat once the tigers decide to walk around. My only complaint is the food, over priced and just not good.
Go on Sunday morning between 9  am and noon for the best optimal experience. The church crowd haven't come out yet and the animals have. Yearly passes pay for themselves after 2 visits and members get a deal on train rides and other extras. The food is over priced but the usual mark up in a city zoo. Bring your own lunch and eat in the Asian gardens.
I love the Jacksonville Zoo. It has transformed so much from the time I was a wee tyke until now, adding the whole back Asian garden and improved kids area. Not only is it a zoo, but a botanical garden as well, which puts it above other zoos. Even when you are mid-way between 'countries' there are beautiful flowers and gardens all around you. My favorite area would have to be the Old Florida exhibit. As soon as you enter there is a pond full of alligators, which is fun and exciting. There is also a black bear which is so cute and fluffy. This last time I was there, there were 3 or 4 rabbits (hares?) running around the whole Florida exhibit freely, chasing each other. It was really cool A close second would be the range of the jaguar. The jaguar exhibits are fairly large and have the animal in mind. There also are other animals from central and South America in a temple right next door. Of course feeding the giraffes is really cool, and the lorikeets in the open aviary too. In the kids zone there are penguins and otters which are usually really active. We always take out of towners here for a fun relaxing day in a beautiful zoo. I can't wait for the TIGERS!!!!
Beautiful landscaping. We got to see tiger training with a trainer up close and personal. That was awesome!  My kids liked the Rio 4D ride. The exhibits were all very impressive. The staff is all very kind. The tiger walkway overhead is fantastically rad. Though we weren't able to see the tiger crossing the overhead catwalk, I can only imagine how cool that'd be to see. The Komodo dragon is huge. We chose the zoo over Universal Studios, my kids are 8 & 6 and they're animal lovers so financial and experience-wise for us it was a successful and enjoyable day. My favorite was the black bear, my wife's favorite part was the whole botanical layout, my 8 yr old daughters favorite part was petting the stingrays, and my 6 yr old sons favorite part was the monkey area. Thumbs all the way up. We spent 5 hours there today.
The zoo is huge it has a lot to see and I really enjoyed all the animals. However it was. 93 degrees and too hot would suggest picking a cool day to go. My daughter was six and she had an absolutely best info recommend going for the package that includes the train, carousel, and other perks as it was well worth it.
Just went to the Jacksonville zoo for the second time. The first being more about work (I was a Key Makeup artist for the "Roar" calendar shoot when they decided it would be cool to shoot with animals. It totally was!) Getting to actually walk around the zoo for leisure was a great experience! I went on  Wednesday around 3:00 pm, the perfect time, not too many people around.  I had the chance to truly observe the animals without the annoyance of animal paparazzi or cranky children about. I highly recommend paying the extra fee (you can pay in the stingray area,) to have the opportunity to pet the stingray's. Surreal experience! Not to mention, the endless potential of capturing great photos of yourself being "daring!"
There was so much to see and do there is no way you can see it all in one day! I loved all the extras for small children I have not seen at other zoos. I can't wait to go back. If you are a bird lover you will really enjoy this zoo.
Move over San Diego Zoo, you've got some competition!   I may have been bitten by a lorikeet but only because I was IN the lorikeet enclosure, FEEDING THEM delicious delicious nectar.  Whaaaaat?  Fed a giraffe, too, like a boss.  In all fairness, you can totally do that at the SD Zoo as well... y'know, if you're lucky enough to be there at a certain time on a certain day when that part of the exhibit is actually open.  Jax Zoo does it all day long!   The design is very visitor friendly -- you don't have to walk much between exhibits and the paths are easy to follow and well planned.  The habitats are easily accessible, large, and clearly designed with the animals in mind.  I would not mind being a rhino in this zoo.   I was shocked that parents actually kept their kids in line.  I'm used to being trampled by running screaming kids with no regard to where or who they're about to run into while the parents stuff their fat little faces with ice cream and churros 'cause their little angels deserve the best!  Not here!  Parents told their kids to watch out when they were about to walk into me... there was no running, very little screaming, I even managed to get some shave ice in peace.   AND they have animals I haven't seen before.  A vulture seems like an ordinary kind of bird... doesn't it?  Just seems like I should've seen one somewhere by now, but I hadn't.  So I stopped dead in my tracks and gasped, "Holy shit, dude," when I suddenly saw one in his habitat around the bend.  Good stuff happening here, good stuff.
*Allows you to get close to the animals. *Small(er), takes about a half day. We went on a really chilly December day (about 50 degrees at noon if I recall) so the place was pretty quiet. It's definitely a nice way to spend the day. It's not too large, so we just took our time, saw everything in a few hours.
I am new to the Jacksonville area...and decided to do some exploring today at the Jacksonville Zoo. And I am really glad I did. We took advantage of the special the zoo is running. The deal is this... During the summer months the zoo monitors the next days weather report. If the forecast says the temperature is supposed to be over 92 degrees... They post a 1/2 price off admission coupon. I don't there is a limit to the amount of people in your party. It's a great deal. My favorite part of my visit was "Stingray Bay". It one of the attractions that you pay a few dollars extra for... But so worth it! I loved it! For me it was easily worth the whole price of admission. They have about 25 sting rays swimming in a pool. Several different varieties. You stick your hand in the water and you can pet them as they swim by. Very cool. We got up close to elephants, gorillas, jaguars, giraffes, and butterflies! I am planning to do the annual family membership so we can go back more often. They also have several "garden" areas (Asian, and lily ponds) that are stunningly beautiful. All of the staff we spoke with during our visit were amazingly friendly, and informative about all of the animals. I highly recommend the Jacksonville Zoo. Great Place. Very affordable. A ton of bang for your buck....especially as compared to a tourist trap place like Sea World.
Likes: There are a lot of shaded areas by palm trees and bamboo, helps shield you from the sun some. The animals are in areas that give them room to move around, so kudos to being humane. It cost about $15 a person, so it was not too expensive. Had some very beautiful areas, like their Asian inspired area. Dislikes: Since the animals had plenty of space, it gave them places to hide, so sometimes it was hard to find or even see the animals. -I know that statement contradicts my like for the zoo being humane by giving the animals space, but it also has its disadvantages. The zoo is kind of spaced out, so there is a lot of walking and Florida is HOT!
I love how they are constantly adding exhibits and improving the zoo with more things to see and do. My son and I recently visited their DinoAlive exhibit. It was great! We felt like we were actually in Jurassic Park. Of course, for adults and older kids, it was obvious the dinosaurs were animatronic, but they were still fun to see and somewhat convincing from a distance with the sound effects and it seems they might have been interactive with nearby movement. Aside from the DinoAlive exhibit, we walked around in nearby areas of the Zoo. We saw the komodo dragons and the somewhat new Asian Gardens section (the closest thing Jacksonville has to a Japanese garden). A cool thing about the Asian Gardens are the spritzing water machines if you head into the bamboo forest. Perfect to cool off during a hot day. We also visited the penguins. You can lay low and see them swim above your head. Such a cute exhibit. I'll definitely come back to see them again. The zoo is huge. If you are local, you might want to split your visit into 2 trips. The train only has 2 stops: The main station by the entrance and the station by the Asian Gardens. You will be doing a lot of walking. A zoo membership cuts down on the pricing of tickets and special exhibits which sometimes require additional entry fees. Food is pricey, as well.
I love the zoo. I'm almost 20 years old, and I'm not ashamed to say that every time  I go somewhere new, I almost always go to the zoo in that city. Needless to say, when I heard Jacksonville had a zoo, I immediately planned my brother's tour of UNF around a trip to the Jacksonville Zoo and Gardens. Best. Decision. Ever. I have been to quite a few zoos in my time, and this is, by far, my favorite. One of the reasons is because this is one of the very few zoos I have been too where you are less than 2 feet away from an animal at any given time. There are 2 walk-through aviaries where you can (and WILL) encounter birds, fish, small, unidentifiable mammals, and the omnipresent Florida lizard. The Plains of East Africa exhibit features a giant "boardwalk over the savanna," putting you right in the middle of the exhibit and as close to a bongo, gazelle, and rhino as you will ever be in your entire life (unless you are a zookeeper or an African bushman). The Play Park includes a small hedge maze, where I met a peacock. Yep. A random peacock, just chillin' around a playground. Not in an exhibit. Not in an aviary. In the open. A peacock. My favorite exhibit and a definite must-see is the Range of the Jaguar. If you do NOTHING ELSE at this Zoo, GO TO THIS. Located in an amazing replica of an ancient Mesoamerican temple, the exhibit features animals native to Central America including, you guessed it, jaguars. The exhibit also features anacondas, monkeys, capybaras, and piranhas, as well as at least 20 other animals! Throughout the zoo are many different types of gardens (it is the Jacksonville Zoo and Botanical Gardens, after all!), each located in an area that fits with the plants it showcases. For example, the Savanna Blooms Garden is near the Plains of East Africa Exhibit, while the Asian Bamboo Garden is in the Monsoon Asia exhibit (the park's newest). They're a nice place to take a rest and enjoy the beautiful Jacksonville weather! Also, there are plenty of dining options and refreshment stands throughout the zoo, so you're never far away from a diet coke in an elephant-shaped cup. I will definitely be visiting the Jax Zoo again, and one day, I'm bringing my kids here too. There's a petting zoo (where I, too, pet the goats) and also a Children's center that features animal-related arts, crafts, and activities for kids. And if you get tired of walking (or lugging your kids around), there's a train that goes throughout the park and makes stops at the major exhibits and travels through the Plains of East Africa. On another note, I fed a giraffe there. With my bare hands. It costs (if I remember correctly) around $5, there is absolutely no wait, and is definitely an experience I will never forget!
The difference between the Jacksonville Zoo when I was a child and the Jacksonville Zoo today is amazing!  The back portion in and around the Asian zen garden and along the Trout River are very peaceful!!   This venue is amazing for weddings!!  Nothing like having giraffes as the special guest at cocktail hour!   Our wedding reception was here - they did an amazing job!   I recommend visiting in the morning.  We visited this afternoon and the animals seemed to be napping in the afternoon sun.
Really good zoo.  We're Zoo Atlanta members, and thus get in for half price here.  Jax zoo actually seems quite a bit bigger and a bit more impressive than the Atlanta zoo.  We have young kids, were here for a good 3+ hours and didn't quite see everything. Jax has had a kids splash area for years, and only now is Atlanta finally adding one.  I also like that the Jax zoo is very easy to get to, easy to get in and out, and there is plenty of parking.  Must ding it a star because Jax charges extra to see the stingrays, dinosaurs, and even the butterflies.  I don't like this trend of charging admission after you've already paid admission.
I've been a member to this zoo for two years now, and we love it. My daughter is three now, and she always looks forward to going to the zoo to see the animals and play in the water park. The zoo is the perfect size! It's not too small where you walk around for 45 minutes and see everything, and it's not too big to see in one day. It's definitely one of the few places I'm going to miss when we move later this year.
Visited the JAX Zoo and all the animals were taking naps, which is really a rarity at this zoo. Go Figure! Update ------ As with most Zoological Parks, the main attraction is the animals. However, to me it is also how the park is laid out and the exhibits are presented. The JAX Zoo accomodates both of these criteria very well. The Zoo is laid out in what are called walking circles (see map here: jaxzoo.org/visit/maps.asp )and around natural presentation settings. It feels as if you are visiting the natural habitat of the animals. Interactions feel up-close and personal. Each walking loop is independent in its exhibit focusing on a particular Continent: Africa, South America, Australia etc. Each circle starts and ends on the main Zoo or 'camp' path. There are quite a few additional programs offered at the Zoo as well: Gardening Glasses After Dark Programs - Parent Child Sleepovers Home School Programs Day Camps Pre-School Programs Behind The Scenes Tours Keeper Talks Food and Rest Areas ------------------- There is plenty of opportunity to eat and rest along the way. The food was average price, and of decent quality. There is also a new very large and expansive kids play area that only has one way in and one way out so you can keep an eye on your kids. Access and Parking ------------------ You can access the park from the main entrance with plenty of free parking and also via boat from the Saint Johns River. If you bring access the Zoo via the river there is currenly no admission price.
You locals probably know by now that the Jacksonville Zoo is pretty darn nice.  So, imagine our delight when we heard about a charity event called Brew at the Zoo! It was arranged by The Wild Things, young professionals supporting the zoo and it was a blast.   The cost of the ticket which was $40 per person included 5 drink tickets. Some vendors had just beer but a few had a full bar. That was more than enough.  In addition there were food samples and the selection was great and portions were ample.  There was pizza from Bostons, some yummy humus treats from Urban Flats, raw oysters from Mitchell's Fish Market, to name just a few.  Junior's Seafood gave away peel &eat shrimp, krab salad and key lime pie.  There were other food vendors, those named were my favorites.   It started at 6:30 and went for three hours.  A live band played most of the night and by the time we were making our way out, we found ourselves stopping to dance to the last few numbers.  What a great event.   Oh, yeah, I forgot to mention, we were able to feed the giraffes on our way in.  We were at the zoo, after all.
So many things to see! Panthers, Cheetah's, bongos, bonobo's.. oh my! At just over 4 hours, yesterday was definitely the longest I've ever spent in a zoo. And with good reason. The Jacksonville zoo is surprisingly large and offers a wide variety of animals and reptiles. My personal favorites were the giraffes (who you really get to see up close and personal via a outlook bridge where a zookeeper will feed lettuce leaves while you get a once in a lifetime face to face glimpse), the very camera shy anteater (they're just so crazy looking!) and the African bull frog that had an uncanny resemblance to jabba-the-hut. There is a restaurant, a cafe, and several walk up snack stands on the grounds as well as two nice sized gift shops. -1 star for the train ride. It was just a bit of a let down. Our conductor (though very spirited) kept referring to animals to our left and right who we continually failed to see. It was almost as if he was on a different train altogether. Plus, there were far too many sightings of backs of buildings and parking lots... we felt a little jipped. Oh well. Overall though, definitely worth an afternoon visit!
This is one of the best smaller zoos I've ever been to. My husband and I visited 4 times a year, even though we have no kids. The exhibits are very nice and spacious. The habitats are set up so guests get good views of the animals, instead of going through the whole zoo and never seeing an animal. Our trips normally lasted 3-4 hours, including sitting down for lunch. The admission fee is not very high and for just a little extra you can ride the train (which gives some nice new views of the animals you can't see while walking!) or pet sting rays (they have their own enclosed exhibit - we never opted for this extra option). You can feed giraffes for just a couple bucks and they allow you to get really close. Besides the giraffes, my favorite exhibits are the jaguars and the boardwalk area where you can see rhinos, antelope, etc. They have a fairly new exhibit featuring kimodo dragons and an Asian Bamboo Garden as well.
Really a great zoo!  For Jacksonville's small size and relative anonymity, it's a joy that the Zoo is so well-planned and implemented.  Get a membership, and enjoy popping in just for an hour or so once in a while.  The membership is not very expensive, and relieves you of the stress of having to always make a whole day out of the zoo.  Plus, the discount is transferable to many zoos nationwide, so you can visit other parks on the cheap when you are vacationing. The only downfall is that the park lacks the will to enforce its own smoke-free environment rule.  Every time I go, I see folks strolling along with their smokes, oblivious to the fact that children are moving around randomly with their faces at the height of those smoldering cigarettes.  I really do wish the park would crack down on this, or remove the "we are smoke free" signs that are posted everywhere so that I would be relieved of the unfair expectation that it actually be smoke free.
The Jacksonville Zoo has come a loooonnnngggg way. I remember the olden days when the Zoo was small, the exhibits were cramped, lining the few wide paths that meandered through its walls, and it pretty simply designed. It was still awesome, but nothing compared to what it is today. Now, the Jacksonville Zoo has sprawling, elaborate habitats for these animals to live and cohabitate in [as in there are more than one type of animal in the various exhibits]. It's exciting to go to a zoo and not feel sad for the animals that are caged up inside a small little living space! Because these animals have lots and lots of room and seem very pleased about it, themselves. The gardens are also really impressive and integrated into the entire park, so it doesn't seem so much like a Zoo and a Garden, but just a lush, exotic place where awesome animals can be witnessed. I love love love the Bonobos. You must check them out. They are a family of large monkeys with babies, kids, teenagers, and parents. It's really amazing to see them interact and to realize how NOT far we have come with the whole evolution thing. Also, go check out the fountain and gazebo at the back of the park. My family helped to create that part of the park and the fountain is in honor of my late uncle. It is a beautiful spot and a peaceful place to think about the importance of the outdoors and time spent with family.
Best family outing in Jacksonville!  My family has been a zoo lifetime member for a very long time.  We go all the time.  Being a member, and also live less than 10 miles from the zoo, we take advantage of good weather days and visit the zoo for a few hours, at least once a month.  I have watched this zoo grow and improve almost all of my life.  The new "management" has done a fabulous job of making the animals zoo life comfortable and as real as a zoo home could be; and give the people visiting them also a comfortable and educational experience as they could hope to get.  My children love the train ride, the petting zoo, the sting ray bay, the beautiful carousel and the savannah over look platform (where they are taller than the giraffes!) If you have not visited the Jacksonville Zoo & Gardens plan a good day for your family and go! And, if you have a boat, try going that way, they have a great beautiful sturdy dock, and entrance fee is FREE!
Jacksonville's Zoo is great. There are many good exhibits great for everyone. There is a wonderful play park for the children.  The zoo has many spots to stop and rest. There are also 2 cafeterias and many snack carts. The food isn't the best and you will pay for it just like you will at any other zoo/theme park. If you plan to get something from one of the snack carts or ride the carousel bring some cash. You can use credit at the gate, the cafeterias, the gift shops, and the ticket booth (provides armbands for the train and stingray bay, and strollers/wheelchairs).
Great zoo but the signs for the animals are horrible and hard to read.  Don't waste the $2 feeding the giraffes.  The lady won't let you take a picture and she is very rude to the children. She snapped at my daughter and another little girl because they broke the pieces of food to make more.  It was not explained to them that they needed to keep it hole.  The lady at the bird Avery was very rude as well. She was yelling at everyone for something not posted. Like we were suppose to know the dos and don'ts. But the zoo is amazing!  We love all the animals and plants. So they get 4 stars!
The zoo was tons of fun. I've never been so close to a giraffe before, we fed them right out of our hand. The stingrays were cool. You have to feed them, pay the extra dollar Dad! Don't get the nectar to feed the birds in the Australia section, think bird droppings.   The Aussie section was lackluster but the rest of the park was laid out nice with lots of cool and uncommon animals from Africa.   We saw a rabbit in the crocodile section, not sure if he was lost or dinner, but he was scared out of his wits.   Warthog on hand.   Didn't eat at the restaurant/grill, near the Aussie end, but I strongly suggest eating before arriving, unless you want to eat overpriced hot dogs and nachos. NFW!
I wanted to note that we went to the zoo yesterday (01/31/10) and the temperature was between 45°F-50°F when we got there at 10:00 a.m.  The animals were up and about and quite frisky - from the Plains of Africa to the Range of the Jaguar - all eating, playing, and sunning themselves. So, if you are using the cold weather as an excuse not to go - WRONG! LOL  Its a great time to go!!!
This, I believe is one of the closer zoos to Hinesville. I think its about 90 mins away from our house. We went on Mothers Day and had a great time. We used the all access pass (or whatever it is called) so we were able to ride the train and see the dinosaur exhibit. The animals were amazing! My 2 year old was obsessed with the giraffee area. We stayed there for about 20mins. He was too afraid to feed them himself but he liked watching other people do it.  We were there for about 5 hours and still didn't see everything. Will definitely be back. I know this is going to sound like whining but I wish their military discount applies to anything. The only thing you can use it for is the basic admission.
Jacksonville really does have a great zoo. Its spacious, clean, family friendly and always doing new things. I did 4 *'s because of the admission price. 2 adults and child at a military discount was still almost $40. But its definately worth a visit if your a first timer to J-ville. Go see the jaguar exhibit for sure and also fees the giraffes.
One of our favorite places!  The zoo has a wide variety of animals and we love the jaguar area, the kids playground and the water area is nice, too.  My son adores the great apes and the big cats.  The only drawback for us is that we don't get to go as often as we would like, as the cost to get in is a little pricey for us.  You pay one price to get in, it costs extra to ride the train, extra to feed the giraffes, extra to get into stingray bay, etc... also the restaurants are a bit pricey for what you get.  Eat before you go and just get a treat there.  We try to find coupons as much as we can.  Still one of the best zoos we have been to!
Took the kids to the zoo on the Saturday starting spring break.  What a nightmare!  There were so many people that it was hard to see the animals and attractions.  Way to crowded.  I would suggest going on a weekday or non-holiday weekend. With that said, I have been a fan of Zoo's for years and make it one of my stops in any new city I visit.  Jacksonville's Zoo ranks right in the middle and getting better all the time.  Not as cool as the Cleveland Zoo but definitely better than Philadelphia's. There are 5 different gardens and 4 continents, Asia, Africa, Australia and South American.  The animals are active and fun to watch.  Including getting in the action, we fed the giraffes.  The new Penguin exhibit is fun and watching how fast those suckers really are under water is amazing! The Zoo is open daily 9am - 5pm, exluding Thanksgiving and Christmas.  The price of admission is $13.00 for adults and $8.00 for kids 3 -12.  I thought this was a little pricey, but heck what do I know about what it takes to feed an elephant! PARENTS!  Know about Play Park and Splashground.   You can find your way through two mazes and then climb, jump and GET WET in the 4,000 square-foot Splash Ground or discover and create in the Discovery Center.  If you don't want your kids walking around in wet clothes, put a swimsuit under them.  Otherwise, suck it up and let them hop in, you don't want to be the dud parent and, the kids don't seem to mind the wet clothes.
We had an annual membership to the zoo when we lived here. We had no kids, just liked to head to the zoo for a place to walk around outdoors and enjoy the scenery. The new Asian garden area is beautiful and was always the highlight of our trip. I've never liked zoos but I liked being outside and walking around this one. Only downside is all the smokers and if it rains, the sidewalks flood, inches deep. Don't wear good shoes.
The day we went it was raining. I think all the animals were hiding. Actually one chimp came out of its cave, waved at us (no joke) and thenr an back inside. He also kept one hand over his head. I think he was trying to avoid the rain. Their alligator enclosure is woefully inadequate, to anyone who knows anything about keeping such animals it was downright scary. They also had one extremely angry big guy who kept hissing and roaring. And, he attacked a couple of others. Wow. Okay. Lunch was rather gross. but, zoo food is zoo food. The highlight of my day was feeding a giraffe that ate out of my hand. Now THAT was fun.
