I've been getting my brows threaded for about seven years now, and honestly they've never looked so good. I've been to places all up the east coast, primarily in NYC. The price was great compared to other salons in the area, and I can not believe what a great job my lady did! I asked her to just clean them up since I am trying to grow them out, usually I get stick thin brows when I say this. Not this time, they came out beautifully! Can not say enough about this place. Not the best interior but who cares for $10 you look like a eyebrow star when you leave.
Very clean place. I had a wonderful pedicure. Really smoothed out a callous on the bottom of my foot. I will be back here.
Sushila is amazing! Ive had eyebrow threading, facials, micro-derms, and peels. Every experience has been superb. Highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone. This is a very well run small business. All the girls are kind, welcoming, thorough, and especially work with love.
Love me some sushilla's i go ever two weeks on sundays. If you go on Saturdays there will be a wait. the ladys are nice and each time i get a perfect brow that I love. I like there system where they keep names and info in a little data base so they know who you are but.. i dont really care when they guy is there he doesn't talk. I like people to at least say hi or acknowledge me when taking my money. I love this place over all.. I say go here for Great hair removal!! they do it all..
Fantastic place!  The salon is clean and the staff is friendly.  I drive in from Ponte Vedra Beach to get my eyebrows threaded by Sushila.
I just moved to Jacksonville from NJ and have a list of "must finds".  I crossed off Nail Salon because I'm definitely coming back to Sushila.  Came in for a pedicure and decided to get my eyebrows threaded for the 1st time.  Kena took care of me for both.  The pedicure was great but I was nervous about the threading.  Then she started and I saw all the eyebrow hair flying - I was scared I was going to end up with 2 pencil thin lines instead of eyebrows.  I don't know how she did it but my eyebrows were looked thicker than before I sat down and shaped nicely! Highly recommend.
Awesome place to get threading done!  Been here a few times and this last time Deo did my brows.  She did a great job and was super fast!  Always a pleasant experience here as you can probably tell with all of the raving reviews.  It's definitely worth that drive for me.  Highly recommend! :)
Pros: they are professional, quick, accept last minute appointments or walk-ins, and excellent prices. Cons: the decor is outdated   I've had my legs waxed here several times and they always do a great job. If they have the staff, two people work on me which makes the pain go by quicker.
I'm new to Jacksonville, so of course I used my trusted yelp to find a recommended eyebrow place.  I walked in the salon at about 4:30 on a Wednesday afternoon and there was 1 person ahead of me. So my wait was very short.  The owner did my eyebrows.  Did not hurt one bit. Salon was very clean and she did a great job. The salon has a variety of services (facials, nails, threading, waxing, makeup) as well as a variety of products.  This is my new go to place!!
I'm new to the area and found this place on Yelp. Thought I'd check it out. I've been gettin my eyebrows threaded since 2010 and have never went back to waxing since. Sushila did my eyebrows and she was very friendly and quick! I will definitely be comin back. I think I found my new eyebrow threading place!!!!
Thank goodness, a place to get your eyebrows threaded in Jacksonville. They did a great job and I was done in 5 minutes, not kidding. If you have never had your brows or other facial hair threaded, you should, it's less painful than waxing and doesn't rip the skin off your face! I also had a pedicure, which was wonderful, a much better massage and experience than your average nail salon. She took her time, used great products and I really enjoyed it. The salon is spotless, and the furniture is very comfy and upscale, you'll see what I mean. They also carry many European and upscale product lines.
I always come back to Sushila to get my eyebrows threaded!   When I first started coming here a few years ago the salon was smaller, but they have since expanded and has two other girls, plus the desk girl working there.  This must mean that business is going well :) One note, I never used to need an appointment, but today when I walked in there were about 10 people waiting, so in the future I might try to call ahead so I can get an appointment with Sushila herself.  I didn't have a long wait really, but I'm just partial to her at this point so I'd like to get to see her.
Sushila's is my favorite place to go in Jacksonville for brow threading, depending on who you get. I've been here about a dozen times and only once walked out disappointed because my brows were somewhat uneven. Sushila was my favorite  because she listened to my concerns and never thinned out my brows too much.
The eyebrow threading is fantastic. I've been going here for a few years. One of the best things is their hours. Open till 8pm, though closed on Monday's. But that means that they're open on both Saturday AND Sunday which comes in handy. I came back to Jax from a trip on a Saturday night and then going off to another trip on Monday, so I could get my eyebrows threaded Sunday but I was irritated that I could not get a pedicure since most of those places seem to be closed on Sunday's. But since Sushila's has expanded their services, I also got my pedicure for the first time there on a Sunday. They did a great job! Beyond the care that they put into the pedicure, they are extremely sanitary. They use an autoclave to sanitize their tools v. passive questionable soaking in barbicide. They had this really cool motorized tool to smooth out the bottom of your feet. It looked like a blow dryer, but it had a place to put on a smoothing material (a new one per customer!) and it buffs out the roughness from your feet. Only a couple of notes for improvement on the pedicure would be the limited color selection for nail polish, and the massaging chairs were not the best that I've experienced. However, the chair itself was extremely comfortable -- the best that I've sat in for a pedicure. While the pedicure was $30, which is 50% more than other places I go to, I thought it was well worth it for the peace of mind of cleanliness the quality job they did. The eyebrow threading is only $10.
I came in and had a 30 minute express facial with Stephanie. She was amazing! my skin looks great! I'm used to paying more than double the price that I paid for today's service and not always walking away with such clear skin!!
This is the only place I've ever had the threading done, but I'm pretty satisfied with them.  The staff have always been nice. They're not overly chatty with you, but I'm usually only there for about 10 minutes. Almost everytime I go, I just walk in and never have to wait. Longest wait I've had was on the weekend for about 10 minutes.  They're very quick. I can't wax so this is a great alternative. I have really dry, sensitive skin and with threading I don't have the irritation or breakouts like I get from waxing. For me, the hair grows back pretty quickly, but for only 10 bucks every 3 weeks?? I can handle that. I've also had henna done here and sushila free handed it. It was beautiful and only 10 dollars for my hand being done. Everyone loved it. Best part about going here is walking next door afterwards and grabbing some fresh gulab jamun at the Indian market!
Best threading in Florida. I visit Jacksonville often and always stop here. I've had threading done all over and Sushila is wonderful. No pain no redness 10 mins and 10 bucks later I'm a happy bird. I have never had any other services done so im not sure about that but as for threading you can't go wrong. Highly recommend its worth it.
Loved Sushila! I came here bc one of my co-workers recommended I go to her place and I am so pleased with the work she did... Fast, inexpensive and great service!
I am very satisfied with my eyebrows. Sushila and her husband could use a little help in the customer service realm in regards to being a little more friendly. However, if we are just grading the threading...very good job!
First time going there and I have to give them five stars. Maybe it's only me but once I find a brow tech I like, that gets to know how I like the shape of my brow. I don't like to keep switching up techs. So, as they say only time will tell!
I'm visiting from out of town and needed some waxing services. I came on Monday and knew they probably wouldn't be able to service me but could find the location and make an appointment. On Monday, I was able to use the Yelp! address via my Android with no issues. The staff was preparing to service other clients but quickly asked me to sign in and that they will assist me. One lady decided to quickly inquire about my services. After I told her that I needed waxing in several areas, she shared that I would have to come back tomorrow because the person wasn't there who could complete my services. I was glad to oblige since the location was convenient, atmosphere was warm and welcoming, and I got a good "vibe" upon arrival. She quickly booked my appointment. The next day, I had to push my appointment back two hours due to last minute errands on Christmas eve. When I arrived, they were ready for me. I was asked to change into a mini gown. Two young women entered the room and started putting powder on my arms. I quickly said that I'm having my legs done. They quickly apologized and we laughed it off. Each lady started on each side of me and started the process. They do use rollers to apply the wax and removed the wax with strips. After what seemed like a few minutes because they worked so fast, the owner came in and finished my waving. She was AMAZING!!!! One lady remained to thread any hairs the wax didn't remove on my body. They were very friendly and they do not double dip. They also use the blue wax which removes hair by peeling it from your skin. When I went to pay, the owner's husband entered my information in their system and was very helpful and patient with me. Simply amazing experience and I was more than highly to leave a generous tip. I highly recommend their services. When I return to Jacksonville, I will definitely be back to visit.
Great service! They always do a great job! I've got my eye brows and under arms done here several times. 5 stars!!
I've never had my brows threaded, and went in (without an appointment) with some questions. Sushila saw me right away and answered all of my concerns; she was done threading my eyebrows in maybe 5 minutes. It was super painless and quicker than I imagined- I'm now a fan of threading and I'm ditching my home wax kit. I'm going to keep going back here for sure!
The best place in Jax to get your eyebrows threading. Been going here for about 6 months now and I've never been disappointed.
This place was recommended to me by a doctor in the clinic and it was a fantastic recommendation.  As I travel for work most of the time it is rare to find such a good place for threading.  Sushila was awesome, she is fast and knows exactly what she is doing.  The process less painful and pretty quick.  I would defi recommend this place if you want to try out threading.
Just went to Sushila's for the first time to have my eyebrows threaded. Have never tried threading (tired of wax burning my skin, because I use retinA) but was put to ease by Sushila.  So pleased with my results!. Staff was so nice, very friendly. I had made an appointment and could not find my car key's called to cancel, staff was so sweet, completely sympathetic said to come when I find them. Found key's came about 30 minutes past my appointment was welcomed with smiles! Highly recommend Sushila's Beauty Care!!!
I left with perfectly shaped, even eyebrows in less than 10 minutes! :)
Impersonal, usually, herded in & out like animals. I've been to this place 5 times, but I'm not going back. Sure they do a proper job of threading brows for the most part,(depending on who you get) but the last woman I got, was the LAST woman I'm going to get...you know the part of the visit when you have to hold your upper eyelid with one hand while simultaneously holding your lower eye with the other hand...well, apparently, I wasn't doing it properly or fast enough and *Ms. Rudeness barked at me one time too many. I think not sister. The time before that I had the owner and she did a half rate job, in fact, I asked her to clean me up a little more and she acted as if I'd asked for her first born. Also, during my last visit, it was about 1:30, and there were 5 people waiting for threading...the owner sat in the back eating while she allowed 1 woman to thread. Why make 5 people wait while you eat? ...Perhaps you guys just may be getting too big for your britches, so I'll gladly take my $ elsewhere, thank you very much...
If you want authentic eyebrow threading, you must go to Sushila. I have not tried the other services, but my mother has had other facial areas threaded and was pleased as well.
First time I got eyebrow threading and I love it. It hurts but I have high tolerance in pain when it comes to beauty! LOL. I will definitely gonna come back and refer your salon to my friends and co workers.
I care A LOT about my eyebrows. Finding a place to get my eyebrows done is one of the first things I do when I move to a new city. I was here about six months and had gone to several different places that produced very so-so results (i.e. the random stray hairs were removed from around my eyebrows, but none of these people were actually good at SHAPING eyebrows... nearly anyone can wax random stray hairs... there are only a few who are actually "artists" with eyebrow shaping). I'd never had my eyebrows threaded, but after reading reviews about Sushila's, I knew I had to try it. I've now been going there for about six months and I wouldn't let anyone else in Jacksonville touch my eyebrows. I'm only giving four stars because I (personal preference) prefer waxing- for me, I find it lasts longer and is less painful than threading (although when Sushila does the threading as opposed to one of her employees, it basically never hurts... everyone in there that I've had, however, shapes well). However, I care more about the person doing my eyebrows' ability to SHAPE my eyebrows more than anything else... and because of that I'll continue to come to Sushila's and just deal with some of the downfalls to threading. Another great thing is their hours- they stay open until 8 PM (almost every day I think- even on Sunday), except for Mondays when they are closed.
This was my first time ever getting threaded and it was great.  She did such a nice job shaping and cleaning up my eyebrows.  It was fast and cheap. I will never get waxed or go anywhere else again!
First time going here and I loved it! Sushila did a great job on my eyebrows and it didn't hurt at all! I prefer this over waxing. Ask for Sushila! I would definitely come back.
I went to get my eyebrows threaded for the first time ever and was so impressed!  I was a walk in and there was hardly a wait.  The staff were all extremely nice and the aesthetician did an amazing job.  My eyebrows have never looked better!
