Nice and professional environment. Was able to get a same day appt. My massage therapist (Tory) listened to my region of interest, I requested deep tissue and that's what was provided. She worked out all the knots and tensions in my neck and shoulders relieving my 2days headache! Highly recommend Tory!
The massage was great but I was double charged. When we called in to ask why we were told it was a computer glitch and that everyone that day was double charged. Shady business practice you ask me!! If they knew about any issue they should have taken the initiative and called their clients affected to notify them instead of me finding out by looking at my statement.
Decided to stop in for a massage with the girlfriend as there was a $29.95 deal through Yelp for a 1 hour massage. The massage was just good and nothing great about it that made me think otherwise. I called and booked over the phone the same day and upon walking in we were greeted and brought into a side room to fill out the paperwork. We waited til our therapists came and got us. We both decided on the couples message, good choice there. We both had the Swedish massages and after an hour I didn't feel any different. The girlfriend couldn't stop talking about how great her neck felt afterwards. Overall nice little place to get a message and the only  2 disappointments I had was the room lighting; which seemed too bright. Atleast they could of lit some candles or something. And then the music that they had playing I couldn't stay completely relaxed, maybe some soothing or tranquil water music would've been better.
My wife and I tried the massage school prior to this experience. Being our first hour long massage we had high hopes for an amazing experience. We both elected to receive the deep tissue massage. My masseuse did an amazing job, i lost all track of time and before you know it the hour was over. Ugh!!! I had to have fallen asleep I was so relaxed. Everyone was polite and professional. Great clean atmosphere. We are looking Forward to the next visit.
I very rarely feel things deserve a five star rating, but this is well deserved.  Ashley P made me feel like jelly on a stick! I'm just visiting the area for a few months and really needed a massage.  Having never been to Massage Green, I was greeted with a $30, 60 minute first-time massage.  It was awesome; see comment above about Ashley. The studio was clean and the staff was very friendly.  They had a lot of traffic, all ages and genders, coming and going. The membership is not too bad and very comparable to some of the other Massage Therapy places you can join; I'm so Envious! ;-) I will definitely visit again.
Sabrina was my massage therapist.  She was amazing and so polite.  She really made my experience here wonderful. She gave me a cranial massage and asked me where she wanted me to focus. If I was ever ticklish or she put too much pressure she backed off quickly. My mom came with me and she wasn't impressed with her masseuse. However, I did tell her about my experience and it convinced her to get a membership. Thank you Sabrina!
Very pleasant massage at an excellent price. I've been a member for about two years and go 1-2 times a month. Ask for Jeff or Trina!
I feel like I want to keep her a secret. she is so good and I don't want the word to get out. I. Love. Alyssa. at Massage Green. There! I said it. I suffer from redonk TMJ pains. Hip pains from an old hip flexor tear and other random muscle messiness that I have just been dealing with for the past few years. My stepmom recommended Alyssa. she said this woman changed her life. My stepmother doesn't use hyperbole. Booked an appointment when I was in town for a deep tissue hour long massage under my stepmom's account (you need a membership, but we can have a family one - score!).   Alyssa is a teeny-tiny wisp of a thing. I'm thinking, how is she going to beat the crap out of me? Well, I'm willing to try anything I'm in so much pain. After chatting about what specifically was wrong with me, we got to it. Holymotherofgawd! I have never felt this kind of pain/pleasure in my LIFE! It's was like she could read my body with her hands and force the muscles, kinks, trigger points, messiness, etc out of me. Oh lordy did it hurt! I wanted to barf at points but I knew this pain was going to be worth it in the end. After an hour of beating me to a mushy mess, she was finished. I slowly tried to get up, and when I placed my feet on the ground and stood up - I was cured! I felt zero hip pain! Zero jaw pain! Zero ass pain! Zero back pain! I wanted to cry, hug her, put a ring on it... And when I went to pay: $39 Yeah, you read that correctly. Now, when I visit, I drive in from the Beaches 20 minutes to see this magical woman. Oh, she is worth it. I wish I could buy her and keep her for my own!
very clean, nice staff, great massueses. Trendy, nice and private, first time customers get a great discount!!! Used a check in deal on Yelp to get a bday massage for my wife!
Great prices! Love the warm beds. Definitely coming back!!
The person who took my massage appointment put down the wrong time (5pm instead of 6pm).  They made no effort to call in someone to honor my appointment.  They did offer to make me wait 15 minutes to see if one of the therapists finishing up with clients would stay and do my massage... they didn't stay.   They only good thing i can say is that they waived the cancellation policy and returned my money.
Ruth was awesome and totally ignored my weird massage faces lol.  What made me choose this place was the online booking and prepayment option allowing in and out as easy as "hi, thank you, bye" (priceless)!
