Execellent service, hip decor. I've been here twice and I love it each time. I've gotten a mani/pedi and eyebrow wax. Carlos is the owner and is as friendly as can be! Love this place!
I really, really feel torn about leaving a bad review because Carlos, the owner of the salon is one of the nicest business owners I've ever met. He has a passion for his salon, which cannot be rivaled -- but unfortunately, the service I received wasn't up to my standards. Previously, I left a really lengthy & harsh review, but I'm going to stick with the saying, "if you can say anything nice, don't say anything at all."
I came without an appointment but I wait for 40 minute to get my manicure and pedicure, so I would prefer to get an appointment before u come in.. The service was ok, they are friendly, good looking and clean place But their price a little bit expensive...
I needed a quick mani/pedi before a party and they helped me out with such efficiency! I was offered a beverage of wine, soda, coffee or water while I was soaking my feet. Heather, my girl, was so particular about my pedi it was awesome and honestly one of the best I've ever had. I was in a rush and she still made sure I took a minute to relax - they know best! While my toes dried she painted my nails to match and got me out the door in no time. All the while, the owner (I believe) was ordering pizza for lunch and asking all the employees and customers who would want any so he could order the right amount. Um.. wine, nails, good conversation and the offering of pizza (that I couldn't stay for)- HOW AWESOME! Ladies, go get your glam on. *Only 4 stars because it's mainly a hair salon and I haven't had my hair done here. However, the clients in the chairs looked fabulous.
I would not go back.   I had a gel mani and pedi. The technician doing my nails was nice but the service it self was lacking.  The place seems to be clean but very unprofessional.   One stylist had a bluetooth ear piece in the whole time and was checking his phone.  Didn't seem concerned with the client.   I heard one stylist tell her client to wait in the chair because she needed to go have a cigarette.   I saw a client having to hand foils to the stylist while having their hair colored.   The place was very loud.  Music was playing and people were trying to talk loud over it.   It was not a relaxing atmosphere.
Fantastic hair and make-up! I got so many compliments at my event.  Loved, loved, loved it and will definitely be back. Taking a star off because I brought in an expired Groupon to apply the amount I paid per Groupon terms and was told that I should come back for a haircut/color and use the amount paid for that.  I also thought the price charged for hair and make-up was high, but I do have a lot of hair and the quality was ultimately worth the price!
Like a lot of my discovers, I came to know this place through Groupon.  It was a great deal - haircut and color for $30. It is a 20 minute drive from my side of town to this salon but I was glad I made it.  The salon itself was hopping when I walked in, which is normal for a Saturday, but everything moved quickly rather than having to wait around. Everyone on the staff was extremely friendly and willing to make me welcomed.  And while I do not remember her name, my stylist was very accommodating.  I was trying to remove the red from my hair that had been a constant for 8 years.  I needed a change and wanted to go back to my normal brown.  She matched it SO well that 3 months later when it has grown out, you cannot see the difference between the color and my roots (other than my recent grey hairs...).  And she was able to reshape it and reenforce the layers without taking too much length.  It wasn't a drastic change to my look but it was exactly what I was looking for.
As a first time client I was a little nervous n unsure I was gonna get what I wanted. Sara introduced herself. She made me feel at ease n comfortable. Sara was extremely professional! My spray tan looked so natural, all my friends n coworkers made numerous compliments. I also had a cry baby done. My eyes were so perfect. I definitely would return n refer ALL my friends n coworkers. Sara really made my experience worth wild. Sara was so professional n we immediately connected. Her work was above n beyond what I expected. I am a truly satisfied customer. I can't wait to go back n get addition services! Thank u Sara for everything from the outstanding work n the welcoming attitude! You have gained a permanent customer!
Saw the TV ad for this salon and decided to give it a try since it's conveniently located from me.  I took my daughter on the first visit and I couldn't say enough good things about my overall experience. Gin, or Gin Gin as Carlos the owner calls hers was outstanding.  Carlos (who stands by 35+ of experience) and all his staff is not only very attentive but very professional.  Needless to say this is my salon of preference now.   A note to Carlos: Carlos, keep up the good work.  I wish you all the success you deserve.  You might not see me as often as you would like only cause my hair is low maintenance but know that I'll be sending your way new clients.
Do not get the gel nail polish mani. It peeled off in two days, I called them and they fixed my nail that peeled off. I voiced my concern that the other ones might start peeling not long after that one peeled off to the nail teq, she said it should be fine. The next day I was watching tv when I noticed another one start peeling off. They were closed when I called  so now I have to wait until Tuesday two days later to get in contact with them about the poor quality of my manicure. I will definitely not go back for a gel manicure here again seeing as how my usual gel polish manicure does not peel off until a month or so after. Even then I have to peel them off myself. Two days for a gel manicure is definitely a rip off.
I love this place. I am very busy and do not get a lot of time to take care of my hair. After I go to see Carlos, my hair looks great for 6 month. Its done right every time and I do not ever have to worry about it. It is always very relaxing experience also, people that work at the salon are very helpful, kind and funny. You will enjoy the whole experience. Try it, you will not be sorry. Juliya M.
I just got my hair done here. I got highlights, lowlights, and a cut. I used the groupon (what a great deal) Carrie did my hair and she did a FANTASTIC job. Everyone in the salon was very welcoming and nice! Very comfortable environment. There were men and women from all stages of life getting all sorts of things done. I will be returning. :)
I will cut my own hair before going back to this salon.  First my stylist (can't remember her name)  burned me constantly with the flat iron. pulled my hair with the brush - all while chatting with her boyfriend who sat there the whole time with her lunch.  Then when I had my brows waxed the blond Marilyn Monroe wanna be about gagged me with the cigarette smell! Did she just dump an ashtray on herself or what?  And to top it off (no pun intended) her boobs were about to fall out of her extremely tight/small shirt into my face.   Not very professional at all.  I could have lived with the dress code but the cigarette smell was too much!
I have been going to F.Y.E.O. since the early 90's and Nick Davis has taken wonderful care of me since then with amazing haircuts, it is hard to find a stylist who cuts your hair the way you want but I have always gotten what I asked for and love that type of professional service I have always received.
Cut my hair in the shape I wanted and for some unknown reason, the stylist completely decimated it with a pair of thinning shears.  WHY?!??  I do not have thick hair so now it's definitely thin and frizzy in the FL humidity (lots of ponytail days ahead of me).  I went to work and instead of getting "your hair looks great" I got "what did you do to your hair?"    Depressing.
Kim listened and cut my hair, yet kept it long! Came out amazing!! Definitely recommend it to anyone and everyone! Worth every cent!
When I moved to Jax almost 3 years ago I had no clue where to go to get my hair done so as usual I started the trial and error process (being a military spouse & moving once every few years it has become a trend, that I hate!) so one day after getting my hair done: colored and cut I came home to find that the hair on the back of my neck, at the base of my skull was BRIGHT ORANGE!! So NOT wanting to go back to the person who obviously had NO CLUE what they were doing when it came to color I started surfing the web in a panic trying to find someone who could fix my hair...I just happened to stumble across F.Y.E.O and gave them a call, I was greeted by a sweet receptionist who very graciously found a way to fit me in with a stylist by the name of Gayle, SHE IS AMAZING, not only did she fix the color problem but she also pointed out that the last person to cut/color my hair also did not cut it evenly it was long in some places and shorter in others!! My head is no easy feat, I have extremely thick, naturally curly/wavy, and coarse hair BUT GAYLE HAS MANAGED TO WORK MIRACLES!! I have been going to F.Y.E.O now for almost 2 years and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE!! ALL of the staff members are competent in their chosen profession and Carlos the owner (who is also a stylist) is very attentive to all of the clients who walk in the door. If you are looking for a salon with great prices, a friendly and competent staff who does AMAZING WORK THEN THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU!!
I would love to give this salon a 5 star rating. Let me start off by saying the girl who cut my hair and did my highlights did an excellent job.  I purchased a groupon and decided to treat myself since I haven't treated myself to anything since I gained several pounds after having surgery. I was already embarrassed that I hadn't done anything to my hair in over two years when I went in but she was so professional and put me at ease. About half way through my appointment when she was combing out my long and neglected locks an older male who looked like a rockabilly started making snide comments about my hair. "My god you need to cut that seriously we aren't 16 anymore". I was having such a great time up until that point but I literally felt like walking out of the salon and felt terrible about myself since I was already embarrassed about the condition of my hair. I stopped talking at that point for several minutes. Eventually I began talking to the girl doing my hair again and mentioned I was from California. The guy in the other chair then piped in that he was from California too. I thought okay maybe I can brush off his earlier very unprofessional and rude comment and made small talk asking where abouts. He informed me he was from L.A. and the small talk continued. After I told him I missed it he then abruptly said "I couldn't stand it there a bunch of hippies and crazy liberals". I can only assume he was referring to me yet again. He picked on me a few other times from the other chair to the point where I said something to my stylist about it  after he walked away. I told her that he may be the reason she loses a client tonight and that is a shame because she gave me a terrific haircut. She apologized and I told her she had nothing to apologize for but for her sake I hope he doesn't drive off any of her other clients by insulting them with his rude comments. Hopefully he only had something against me for whatever reason and doesn't go out of his way to make any other clients feel bad. It really is a shame because I LOVE my hair. I haven't decided if I will go back or not yet but if I do I will be certain that I schedule my appointment on a day that that man is not working.
I always enjoy my experience at FYEO! The stylists are great and very knowledgeable in regards to what will look the best for you. They listen and do an amazing job. Everyone is friendly and fun to be around. I have always been happy with my style.
