Cool restaurant, good prices. I had the meatloaf and it was great! I can't wait to go back and try it again - we tried last week but they were completely booked from a band that was playing - normally they don't book out like that.
Yummy happy hour! I came here with a large group and we tried literally everything on the happy hour menu. I especially enjoyed the crazy cajun shrimp, mac n cheese, burger sliders, the fried chicken & waffles, and the yucca fries. The presentation of each dish is very appetizing and great-looking. I ordered the burger sliders and though small, they were packed with flavor and cooked perfectly medium rare. The fried chicken is fantastic! crispy in all the right places and tastes great on top of that fresh belgian waffle. The mac and cheese came in its own soup bowl with the top crusted (like in creme brulee) and gooey with cheese when you dig in. TIP: come for happy hour!
For little Sarasota the sounds that come from the inside of these walls brings me back home,  hearing the echoes of blues bouncing from one side of the street to the other on a downtown Chicago street. I visit this place for the first time with my brother who is deeply into blues and we sat to listen to 4 1/2 hours of great music!   The food menu has enough goodies to concur your hunger while you're enjoying the live band. The crowd all seem to enjoy with dancing and rocking to the rhythm of each song. The drinks perhaps are a little on the high scale in pricing.   I stuck with my beers and my brother- well,  had a few sweet liquors on the rocks. This is certainly a good place to drown your boredom. Fun atmosphere! And for Sunday, they offer a Gospel Brunch menu!
My husband and I were visiting Sarasota this past weekend for his birthday.  We decided that Blue Rooster would be the place for birthday dinner.  We were very disappointed.  On the whole, the food and experience were unmemorable (which is unfortunate because I wanted it to be a great birthday dinner). My husband ordered the meatloaf (at $20 a plate) and the portion was dainty.  He said the meatloaf was good.  I tasted the mashed potatoes and they were rather bland.  I ordered the salad and my leaves were dirty!  The dressing did not have great flavor to it.  Our "seasonal" dessert of blueberry cobbler was very disappointing.  The blueberries tasted frozen and watery.  A la mode was $3.00 extra. Over $70.00 later and nightly entertainment which was WAY TOO LOUD, we happily returned to our hotel room.
Each time I visit the Blue Rooster, service is a little spotty, however the quality of the food and music certainly makes up for it! I've tried almost everything on the menu and have been at least once every day of the week. Their chicken and waffles with bourbon maple syrup, shrimp and grits, Mac n cheese, deluxe hamburger, spinach salad, bacon wrapped meatloaf and bang bang shrimp are all fantastic! Kudos to the chef, he keeps me coming back! Stacey (spelling?) is a great bartender! Very sociable and connects well with customers. Devon, one of the owners, is also in the restaurant most of the times I've been in and is constantly interacting with guests and establishing a rapport which is such a good quality to have in an owner. Excellent job Blue Rooster!
Great live music and fun atmosphere. Stopped in on a Thursday night and was pleasantly surprised with a lively crowd still up at this hour in Sarasota (maybe 10 pm?) A great band was playing dancing blues music (probably the best harmonica player I have ever heard). Of course the crowd is older...it is Sarasota. But at least it was a lively old bunch. I ordered the Mahi sandwich with a side salad, which was quite good. Also ordered the Cigar City Jai Alai Ipa on draught for 6$ Overall it was a great night. The service could have been a bit better, but it got better throughout the night as the place slowly became less busy. Definitely recommend going if you are in Sarasota and looking for a place with good music, decent beer selection and food selection, and as lively atmosphere as you'll find anywhere in this city.
Stacey the bartender- When asked a question about the menu items 'I don't know, I don't work in the kitchen' is a really really bad reply. When sending something back because it was cold ( not a big deal) making fun of your guests to the other bartender in earshot is a really really bad idea. $5 happy hour burger is one slider, not such a deal. Heard good things about dinner but Stacey's horrible service was enough to never want to go back,
The place  has some pretty awesome drinks and they weren't shy with their pour which is always appreciated!  Food is mostly southern flair as they offer fried chicken, shrimp and grits, etc.  my wife had the pork shank which was really good and I had the shrimp and grits which was also very good.  The shrimp was big and fresh.  Will come back here next year when we come back to Sarasota
I've probably said something to the effect of "That's the best meal I've ever had" dozens of time in my life. At the Blue Rooster, everyone at our table said it by the time the meal was over. I had the bacon wrapped meatloaf, which as divine as it sounds.  I also tried some sort of creole pasta and the fried chicken, each so delicious that I would have been happy with any of them as my last meal. We also had an incredible waiter, great beer and the ambiance and music was just what we were looking for on a Monday night. This is the sort of place that when someone asks me where to go on the gulf coast, it'll be my number one recommendation.
It took me many visits here, but I finally get it. The vibe, the environment, the decor, MUSIC! I was coming here just judging the food. What was I thinking? Totally overlooked the whole vibe with my appetite. Food is good. Just not all of it. Collard greens are the best, but music makes up for anything that's lacking, which isn't much. Come here for fun and good food. Oh yeahhh
Really loved the entire experience. The service was great, the food was awesome, and the music made the night complete. The dining area can be cozy at times, but I think it fits in relation to the atmosphere. I only get down to this area once a year, but I'm already looking forward to returning to this great spot.
Been here a couple of times. Wanted a good spot for comfort food and to listen to music on a Friday night with the fiancé. Band was good and drinks were solid. That's where the good ends unfortunately. I had the rib special which came with mash sweet potatoes and greens. The ribs were boiled to death and consequently had no char whatsoever when grilled.  As a BBQ guy it was an affront.  You do not need to boil ribs like that.  Makes the meat have no texture. I spent several bites pulling bits of bone and cartilage out of my mouth.  Beyond unacceptable. The sweet potatoes were good. Greens tasted like rosemary, why oh why ruin greens like this? Fiance had the chick and waffles, which we have had before and liked. This chicken was greasy and did not have good flavor. Oh and by the way the prices are too high for this food and quality.
Easily one of the top 3 restaurant/ bars in Sarasota. This place does everything right: the food, the atmosphere and the service. I could not wait to write this review, this place is so fabulous. They have a cool looking bar which seats a good number of people (~14), then next to it is like a long huge community table- where you can just grab a seat and have a drink and/ or dinner while you listen to live music with a bunch of other people (I love that!). Then you have  the regular table seating all in front of the stage with the live music. So basically it's a very open plan layout so everyone can listen to the GOOD music. The two times we've been they were actually talented musicians - none of those karaoke hacks you can sometimes hear play at other restaurants In fl. This is definitely a really fun place to have drinks and grab a bite. If you're looking for a cozy intimate quiet dinner then this place isn't it; it is the place for a fun lively date! The food is really good- stick with the chicken or the shrimp dishes - those are the best. My only issue is the fish is farm raised and if I'm paying $20 for fish, it better be wild caught. Still. The shrimp and chicken were perfectly cooked. Probably the closest thing to real honest southern cooking you're going to find in Sarasota. The service both at the bar and tables was very friendly. Bartenders really served good strong drinks. They even have a waiter there from south Georgia - Chad- ask for him - he's a hoot. We've been in the weekends when it is really crowded, so I would recommend reservations. Totally awesome place. The owners really are doing everything right here. We will be back.
What the heck is wrong with you people not giving this a better review?  Sure, its busy and loud - if those are your complaints - but the service and food are excellent and even the music is really good. Girlfriend and I came here with a groupon, but made the mistake of coming on a night where the groupon couldn't be used (stupid fine print).  We stopped in anyway because we saved the groupon for a night with a band that seemed interesting - in this case, the Florida Mountain Boys (don't ask where the Florida mountain is - I have no clue).  The place was jammed.  No seating, except outside.  If I had one complaint it would be the design in that they have outdoor seating, but the outer wall is solid.  A lot of places in Florida design the outer wall so it can be lifted, or at least put in large floor to ceiling windows.  If you're a live music restaurant, you should design so your outside tables can also enjoy the music.  Anyway, I digress... We hung around until a spot opened at the bar.  We each got a drink - they were strong with a capital STRONG - and an appetizer.  She got their shrimp and coleslaw app, and I got their fried chicken biscuit slider appetizer.  They are apparently known for their fried chicken, but I figured if I got this appetizer, then I could safely try something else when we did come to use the groupon.  Anyway, the biscuits were better than any chicken biscuits I've had - made with a maple bourbon sauce I think, and oh so good.  Girlfriend loved her shrimp. Anywho, we came back Sunday for the groupon and watched Ari and the Alibis.  Really very good.  Couldn't understand her singing much, but the band was fantastic and a lot of fun.  Like the night before, people were up and dancing and thoroughly enjoying themselves.  We were seated right up front and had a great view of the show. This night, the service didn't start off strong, but he was really busy (table of 20, plus some others), so it was forgiveable and he was otherwise excellent.  I decided to get a flank steak entrée while my girlfriend got shrimp & grits, and we were both thrilled.  Everything about the meal was excellent.  Granted, it was loud as anything up front, but we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Its a shame.  I've lived in Sarasota for 6 years, and this place has only been around a year (and I didn't even know about it until the groupon came up).  I'd definitely become a regular if I wasn't moving soon.
Loved the venue, decor and ambiance. Went on Sunday night to hear some live music and grab a bite. Music was great, we loved the mix of blues and ragtime from Tom Worthmore. We make a point to support restaurants and bars that feature live music so we will definitely add this to list of regular haunts. Service was excellent, husband loved his burger and truffle fries, as well as, the fried green tomatoes that we shared.  My chicken was a bit overcooked and salty but it didnt stop me from wolfing it down. This will be a first option when we have out of town visitors, good for wide age groups.
Maybe I hit it on a bad night but the whole experience was unpleasant. I was with 5 adults,we had a table by a two person band, deafening, we couldn't have a conversation. And if it were a music review, it would be one star and that was because the piano player was good. Food, shrimp and grits around the table, cold, not much different than breakfast grits, with lots of butter, Tabasco helped it along. Shrimp were delicious and cooked perfectly, biscuits over the top good.  Service was slow to say the least, but the place was packed. I don't think I could make myself go there again unless for a drink and appetizer and I would stand in the back.
THE HIGHS: The location is cool, with a nice space for live music (though it can get a bit loud).  It is pretty trendy in SRQ at the moment and has a fun atmosphere.  The food itself has been pretty good (love the beet salad).  And I will say that the servers were all very friendly and I never had to ask to get my water refilled.   THE LOWS: The drink menu (ugh)... everything sounds interesting, but of the 4 things i've tried - I enjoyed none.  The biggest failure, in my opinion, was the price gauging during a special event - the $20 for event was fine, it was the required $25 dinner with limited menu (great if you got the shrimp, which is regularly $21, but my friend got the salad which is usually $11 - and they forgot the chicken!), boring dessert (i.e. not very tasty), lack of biscuits (i.e. none), and the PUSHING of mixed drinks that really upset a lot of customers.  I would much rather pay a high event price than feel like I got taken advantage of. OVERALL: Only time will tell.
This is my new favorite restaurant in town. Having been born in the south, this food is right up my alley. The chicken and waffles, the burger, the catfish, fried green tomatoes are all decadent and prepared perfectly. The portions are just right and allow for dessert. Cocktails are creative and if you want something off the menu, the bartenders are uber-talented. Here's what you order for dessert: a Belgian waffle with a scoop of ice cream on top and bourbon maple syrup. BOOM! Actually, just go ahead and order this first and then order dinner. Great music starts at 9:00 so dine early if you want to actually talk to your date. They open at 5pm and take phone reservations prior to that via voice-mail. Other tips: Order the Mahi Mahi fried if you want it juicy. That red spicy chutney that comes with the biscuits....YUM! Slather that on pretty much anything. Find Devin Rutkowski and shake the man's hand for creating a place with such charm and character that offers a simple menu of deliciously prepared food.
I would have given 5 stars but I was charged a cover for a band at 7 pm when the band still hadn't played by 8 pm when we left.  We had talked about going to the Blue Rooster for our anniversary for a couple of days. When we got there we had to pay a 12 dollar cover for the 2 of us .thank goodness they didn't try to charge our 8 yr old son.  Doesn't the door person realize we were there for dinner not the band.   The food was great southern comfort food and the waitress was very nice. She did have a problem remembering Will was a boy. Long hair gets them every time. Do I really need to mention it 3 times pay attention.  So,a good meal they just need to get it tightened up if they want to get to the next level.  I won't be going back based on the cover.and by the way that was sarcasm when i complimented the band i didn't hear. And you replied they hadn't played.  Really!,,,
Went here two nights ago for dinner. We had a reservation for six but unexpectedly two had to bail out for family that showed up in town. When we walked in, the place was PACKED. Not an empty chair in the house, except the round six-top waiting for us. Upon informing the hostess that we would only be four, all hell broke loose. It took ten minutes of deliberation between the hostess and another gentleman working the front and whoever else they would come and go to talk to to finally decide... To convert the six-top into a four-top by dropping the eaves. At this point, I wasn't expecting big things from a place that can't figure out how to seat people at their reserved table. Once seated, we were greeted by the I ly saving grace of the restaurant. Our waitress was very attentive and cheery. She brought out our biscuits and drinks quickly.  For a place that is trying to appeal to the trend-setter market, their beer list is awfully lacking. Most drafts and bottles are of the mass-marketed variety.  The biscuits themselves, while tasty and buttery, were really nothing out of the ordinary. They're served with a strange pepper jam and a rather tasteless butter. On to the next event! We ordered our dinners; everyone got fried chicken in some form or another and a side of mac n cheese. Within five minutes of ordering, the mac n cheese and one plate of fried chicken showed up - not brought by our waitress but by another server. This particular plate was missing half it's constituents but it was about five minutes until our waitress brought over the  rest of the party's food. She quickly noted the shortcoming of the first dish of chicken, apologized, and quickly brought out the missing pieces. Which brings me to my next point. If you go to a place like Yoder's, an order of fried chicken takes about 20-30 minutes to come out because its fried to order. Very clearly the Blue Rooster kitchen fries up their chicken in advance and let's it sit under a warmer. Most of the skin on our chicken was only modestly crunchy but definitely not like it would have been had it come fresh out. The chicken itself was fine. It's not fried chicken to get excited about. The white meat was dry and a bit chewy. The dark meat at least wasn't offensive. All could use more salt. Side dishes included mac n cheese, bake beans, and grits. All were pretty tasty. In the era of trendy mac n cheese, I certainly expected more than a small ramekin of ditalini pasta covered in melted cheese. When we finished, we quickly paid and hustled ourselves out before the band started. It was already so loud because of the crowd and wholly unnecessary background music that the idea of having to also talk over a band made us cringe. Granted, the Blue Rooster has been open for less than a month, but I would expect that their staff could run a busy house at this point and that their food would have a bit more flavor.
We discovered blues heaven at the rooster tonight!  We started with fried green tomatoes and Mac & cheese appetizers which were simply perfect.  I ordered the applewood bacon meatloaf with mushroom gravy which was delicious!   But the true gift were AJ and the Automatics!  The first set was mellow with Lou Rawls, Bill Withers, Ray Charles and then they went funky the second set which got the crowd out on the dance floor!  AJ was awesome!
A group of us went to the Blue Rooster on a Saturday night.  We made reservations and were sat immediately.  Our server was very attentive and nice.  Drinks and appetizers were great.  We tried the fried green tomatoes and mac-n-cheese.  My fiance and I were both disappointed in our dinner entrees though.  The chicken in the "Chicken and Waffles" was very dry.  And to be honest, I prefer Publix's fried chicken over theirs.   They had a blue grass band which was neat at first, but after a while it got a bit annoying.  The bathrooms are located all the way in the back of the restaurant, which means you have to walk by the kitchen and you can see right into the dish washing station which isn't very appetizing. All in all, we may go back for a drink but not for dinner.
The good news is, we were not tricked into or had to pay the $5 cover, most likely because we arrived at 5:30, a little after they opened. My wife and I were skeptical since that has been a theme in these Yelp reviews. We planned on eating, but that was quickly cut short once they told us all tables were reserved and the wait was over two hours. Our experience went downhill from there. Surprising, we got what I now understand to be a most sought after seat at the bar, because we were there so early. We'd have a drink and decide where to eat. If you leave for the restroom the place is so busy (we wonder if it's only this busy in-season) that customers actually try and swipe your seat at the bar. This happened 3 times, every time I would say, "Excuse me, my wife is sitting here" (her drink and sweater didn't give it away, I guess). I felt like Tolman's rat trying to get to the bathroom, scurrying through a maze of paths blocked by tables and partygoers. On our visit, the place was busy to the point of being annoying. Reminded me of nickel beer night in college. Beer was cold. Can't comment on the food since we did not get to eat. Maybe we'll try again, off-season. Maybe.
THIS PLACE IS GREAT! Where to start... The menu was creative and diverse. I felt torn about what to get. The atmosphere was awesome! Cool lighting and live music almost every night... awesome. I would go here when you have important company in town or a date.
We've been looking for a local place that has a laid back atmosphere, good food, and live music. We found it. The place is casual, very rock n roll type decor, and we had great service. We ordered the fried chicken because we heard rave reviews about it. It was good, so were the potatoes and Brussels sprouts. The music was loud but it's a bar, it's supposed to be. We had a great time and we are bringing friends here during the Christmas holidays. They will live it too.
We visited the Blue Rooster on a Wednesday evening for supper and to hear bluegrass music from our friends Highway 41 South, a regional bluegrass band. The restaurant is located in a friendly little neighborhood, a little off the beaten track in Sarasota,  It is peastanly decorated and has a welcoming environment. A small stage dominates the front. The Blue Rooster serves up music - blues, folk, Americana - every evening with its food, and even has a gospel music brunch on Sundays.   The food was delicious to eat and delightful to look at. Irene and I shared an appetizer of fried green tomatoes garnished with carmelized red onions - an imaginative take on this traditional sourthern dish, We each enjoyed salads, mine a roasted beet salad made with a heavy garnish of goat cheese and  an unusual but tasty cumin dressing along with a fried chicken thigh. She had a Barnyard Salad garnished with pecans and a very nice citrus vinaigrette dressing. Service was prompt and friendly The combination of pleasant ambience with good music was truly delightful. There were four TV's behind the bar, but no volume. It's wonderful that smoking has been relegated to outdoors seating. We will probably visit the Blue Rooster again.
Heard good things from people I know.  Viewed reviews and went tonight.  Had fried green tomatoes, so so.  Mac & Cheese, also ok.  The disappointment was the small boney fried chicken thigh. Over cooked wings.
Great vibe and urban atmosphere.  Heard the sound check of the live music for the night, but didn't stay for show.  Had the chicken and biscuit sliders and finished it with chocolate pie. Solid comfort food at a reasonable price!
The Blue Rooster is a pretty cool place, with live entertainment that's outside the mainstream and a funky vibe to match. The atmosphere on the Friday night we went was definitely festive.   It was a pretty good time, but with a few choice letdowns that show how the owners and staff have some work left to do if they want to succeed beyond the requisite honeymoon period of being Sarasota's latest 'it" place. Our party of four arrived around 9:00 pm, but since there was still quite a wait we headed for the crowded bar. To the bartender's credit, she was staying on the lookout and reached out to me even though we couldn't get very close. I didn't have time to ask what everyone wanted and couldn't make out the taps, so I hurriedly asked if she could recommend a craft brew for people that I at least know all like Stella. I ended up investing heavily for all of us in her suggestion of Cigar City Jai Alai, which, it turns out, is an exceptionally hoppy IPA -- about the most dissimilar thing you can get that's still called beer.  So much for barkeep wisdom. A couple of us managed to choke them down. It seems like a crime to completely flush $35 -- or someone else's choice brew. We were seated at a table right in front of the high-traffic kitchen service area. If financial goals dictate that they must place a table in that crappy spot, they could at least add some art along the long hallway to the bathrooms since that barren expanse is the only view two of us had for the evening. The service was friendly, but harried and slow in intervals. Ideally, they'd be staffed accordingly, and a full dining room wouldn't automatically equate to compromised service. The food:  Some entrees were verging on great, others not so much. Delicious biscuits were served, unfortunately, with ROCK HARD butter. Good luck with that. Fortunately, we discovered that their house-made pepper jelly is so delicious, the biscuits don't need butter at all. (Still, frozen, un-spreadable butter being served in restaurants is just not right.) "Famous" Fried Chicken & Waffles:  With all the hype about this dish here, I guess we expected more. It WAS tasty, but still seriously lacking. The "WaffleS" consist of one (singular) tiny -piece- of a waffle, artfully(?) hidden under the quarter chicken. Not only is the waffle portion ridiculously small in proportion to the chicken, the texture can't hold up to the meat on top and it's therefore all but disintegrating as you try to cut your teensy pieces off (if you expect to have some chicken AND waffle in even half your bites). Flank Steak:  Very flavorful, with an excellent sauce. But this cut of meat needs to marinate for a long time to be tenderized as it should and they clearly can't or won't invest the time necessary to keep this cut from being extremely chewy and hard to chow down on. Too bad. The parsnip puree was excellent and the fries were good too. Finally, although I didn't try it, one of our party was pretty dejected over her Barnyard Salad. We will be back for a second try in hopes management is paying attention and working to scale from "pretty good" to "pretty great." The Blue Rooster definitely has that potential.
We visited the Blue Rooster on a Saturday night at about 6:30. It was about half full, but throughout our meal it got fuller and fuller- I believe we hit it just right. The atmosphere is amazing and it's clear they spent a lot of time and money renovating the place and decorating it. We split the Gouda mac and cheese appetizer, the chicken and waffles, and the Parmesan truffle steak fries. Our service was excellent, pleasant and extremely fast and attentive, and the food was very good. I'm southern, and the biscuits and fried chicken were right on the money. The star of the show was the Mac and cheese. I'm sure it was mostly cream and butter, but it was worth it. The weakest thing we got were the fries, they were good and dressed up, but seemed like the pre-frozen Sysco variety. We didn't get a chance to hear the live music or try the drinks, but the specialty drink list looked awesome. The food was a little pricey for the portions, and not sure how often we will be returning because of the cost, but overall Blue Rooster is a must try.
A word of warning:  The "gospel" in "Sunday gospel brunch"  in this blues bar on the edge of the hood means two white bread white people singing insipid Christian radio pop.  I was expecting large black ladies in robes kicking butts and taking names.  Granted,  the little white girl showed signs of being able to wail,  but she was more than held back by her song choices and her timid partner.
We got the meatloaf. Oh my! so deelish. Yummy mushroom gravy, mashed taters, biscuits!  It really was the best meatloaf I've had. Love they have live music. Cool atmosphere. :-)
I came here for dinner and they charged $5 cover for my companion and I each because a band was playing.....what?????when we complained to a manager she gave us our money back , but was hostile. Food was good, but I dont need the stress.
We found the Blue Rooster on Yelp, and ignoring the poor reviews, went on a Friday to hear some blues. Good decision - while we did not have any food, we ordered drinks at the bar (where they serve an authentic Black & Tan) and listened to some excellent blues. The band was worthy of an NYC gig, and they're playing in Sarasota for five bucks! Electric atmosphere, good acoustics, lots of room, make your own dance floor. We'll be back.
The Blue Rooster is a great concept, but execution could be better. I'll chalk it up to it being new and they are working the kinks out. I will come back in 6 months and write another review. The Hits- atmosphere, live music, great cocktails and beer list. Some of the food is fantastic. The chicken biscuits are great. The Misses- The menu reads great and reading it I want everything on it. However, the food is just ok. NOT bad, just OK. I've been here 3 times and have tried a few different entrees and sides. They also charged a cover to eat in the restaurant on a Sat. I can understand charging a cover to sit at the bar, but have never been to place that charges a cover for dinner patrons. They had a wait though, so it's working. Overall, I think they will be great once they get their feet under them. Just a new restaurant with some kinks to work out. Great concept though.
Very cool restaurant with great ambience and live music. We went at 9:00 on Sat night and it was packed but luckily we got the last table (party of 2). It was our first visit so we weren't sure what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised ... Let me start by mentioning the BEST biscuit I've ever tasted was served to us before our meal. This biscuit needs to be talked about -- It was light and fluffy and melted in my mouth. Awesome. Ok, now on to the meal -- we both ordered the special which was barramundi (fish) with risotto. Again, awesome. We definitely plan to go back and try other things from the menu -- Looking forward to trying the shrimp and grits. Oh, and we also had great service. We are happy to have found another great restaurant in SRQ. We have a handful of regular places that we go and now we gladly add this one to our list.
This was the first time sitting down for a meal and definitely not my last. Because I spend a lot of time in New Orleans, I have always been wary of a new, self proclaimed Southern restaurant as my favorite places for soul food were immaculately conceived- they've always been there.  Having recently had fried chicken at Willie Mae's Scotch House in the 9th Ward in NOLA, I didn't think it fair to order it here so I had the fried catfish.  Deftly prepared with the perfect cornmeal crust accentuating the flavorful, moist catfish fillets.  My wife's shrimp and grits were also on point.  Creamy, cheddar-y grits, big, perfectly prepared shrimp with a great mango chutney.  Fried green tomatoes were good although I think a 4th slice would not kill their food cost and make for a better sharing appetizer.  My greens were slightly under cooked and moreover they were gritty from improperly rinsed leaves. The atmosphere is very hip- barn wood walls, semi-industrial accents, 2 great communal tables in the bar area that are perfect for beers, food and music, cool pop art prints of blues icons and a great stage (they need to work on their sound for their live acts, sometimes too loud for diners and/or poorly mixed for full bands). About the music- I give them a lot of credit for featuring off the beaten path live music.  Their line-up is a great departure from the live club bands that many of us that live here are tiring of.  I've heard some bands that weren't fantastic but I still love and listen for their originality. The service was casual, friendly and basically pretty good.  I am on a mission to right a dining room faux pas, though.  Any restaurant, and at the very least a restaurant that has entrees priced north of $15-$20, DO NOT ask me to hold on to my dirty silverware. Bring me clean silverware for my next course!  I do not apologize for having worked fine dining for years and understanding that placing dirty silverware on a table is taboo, under any circumstances.  It is such an unnecessary corner to cut- the cost to the restaurant is negligible at best and the difference in quality of service is immeasurable.
The atmosphere is great, the food is too.  We had some beers and chicken and waffles.  C & W's were outstanding!  Cole slaw and French fries were awesome too.  Music duo on Monday night were very good.  We are locals and will be back!
The shrimp and grits were delicious, and the server didn't seem annoyed at all by my request to confirm that the grits were gluten free. (I always feel like a jerk having to ask!) Their specialty drinks seem like odd combos of liquors & mixers, but they are delicious and match the food and ambiance perfectly. Whiskey tea highball, yes please! The music was fantastic, as.was the crowd. Funky spot in an up and coming area - kudos all around.
Good chicken and waffles - sorta spicy cajun, don't miss putting the innocent-looking chutney on the side of the plate on the waffle!  Good music (Selwyn Birchwood Band the night we were there).  Good happy hour specials - get the mac and cheese crock and/or the mahi slider!  Definitely coming again!
Friday night, this place was packed.  No place to sit.  We ordered our beers and watched the Blue Grass band play for about 30 minutes and ducked out.  It was interesting place.  We didn't eat so I cannot comment on food.
First time for me last night. The menu was limited due to the special event (Paul Thorn Band) but the offerings were varied and everything was tasty. We were able to sample all desserts due to the large number in our party.  I was working with the band and I have no idea of prices but I do know that the owners, management, and waitstaff are incredibly friendly and accommodating.   I can't wait to return on 5/24/13 for the Grant Peeples show and look forward to another terrific dinner and music experience.  I don't usually eat fried chicken but had to try it and it was yummy.  A little something-something in there.  In my opinion if a restaurant or bar is always busy, it must be the place to be.  (Re: peeps complaining about a packed house)
Who charges $5 cover when you have a reservation for dinner. Spent $$$ on dinner and drinks. The establishment should be able to pay their bands without charging cover to dinner patrons.
Went to down to the Blue Rooster on a Saturday, thinking it was going to be more crowded than it was. Had to pay a cover for the band that would be playing at 830, which I was thrilled about but the band turned out to be quite good. Excellent food, good beer selection craft and domestics, and friendly service. My dad was in from our of town, he really enjoyed it as did I. We'll definitely be back in again for the food and to hear the different types of music they have going on each night!
I wish I could give 0 stars. Horrible. To start, I was there with a large group (15) for dinner at prime dining hours. When we tried to enter the restaurant to secure our reservation, we were told (in a not so welcoming manner) that each of us would be required to pay a $5 cover charge to enter the restaurant. To eat. They charged each of us $5 to enter the building to spend more money. Our protests were met with the explanation that when we order from the menu that money goes to the restaurant, and the cover charge goes to the band. Never in my life, in any city, have I been charged a cover to dine at a restaurant that boasts live music to draw in customers. Second, they were busy, and apparently they are usually busy on the weekends. However the staff seemed stretched beyond their own abilities. 25 minutes from order to receive a beer is inexcusable. Our waiter was lazy and couldn't even take the time to hand us our checks individually, rather he handed one of our diners a stack of checks for us to figure out (same with when our credit cards were returned). The food was ok, and the music can only be described as, "what did I just listen to?"   In case you're wondering, had I not been attending a gathering I would have turned right around when I was required to pay a cover charge to eat dinner. I will never, ever return to this establishment and I certainly would not recommend this restaurant. Sarasota has so much more to offer. Perhaps the management should take some cues from the reviews, as it appears I'm not the first diner to be baffled by a cover charge at a restaurant where you will also be spending money on food and drink.
We sat with a group of 10 and listened to a very good jazz band while we had dinner.  The waitresses managed to juggle several different checks that our party had going, and deserve credit for their efforts.  The fried chicken breast and wing may have been the best I've ever eaten.  The grits were good but not great.  I would definitely come back if I'm in town again.
Cool ambiance. A little pricey. Good food. Small portions. Nice servers.
We ate here last night prior to a concert at the Van Wezel.  What a great place this is!!! A great comfortable/funky setting with blues music in the background (instead of blaring away inhibiting conversation), wonderful food (we had the shrimp & grits, the spinach and bartlett pear salad and a couple of chicken wings) and great service. What's not too love? I put this at the top of my new favorites in Sarasota and I know we'll be back!
Exceptional. I'm here visiting family and was taken out to the Blue Rooster. We were lucky to get in and I'm glad we did. Food is excellent. Grea5 southern cooking. I had the shrimp and grits and wish I remembered to take a photo of it. There's also great southern fried chicken. Crispy on the outside and moist inside without any grease. Yiu can order by the piece and get a good meal fir a good price. Nice mix of drinks too. Will be back
Honestly I can't see what all the fuss is about. As if Florida Cracker style decor or food is rare in Florida. Well maybe it is in downtown Sarasota, as most of what we had was bland and/or overcooked. It was packed and loud, music was OK. If you want tasty, unique and "modern" southern type food break down and make the trek to Wimauma in Tampa. Or go to Cracker Barrel and save yourself some serious coin for similar quality food.
We wanted to try this out with a group of friends for dinner, the door person wanted to charge all of us a cover for the band. We asked to speak to the manager to see if she could let us in for free (since we were coming just for dinner) or maybe give us a group rate. The manager was very rude and didn't want to help out at all... We all haven't been back since. I think they should reconsider their cover charge especially around dinner times.
The Blue Rooster has pretty good food (not super delicious, but pretty good). I am a huge supporter of live music and am happy there is a place that wants to get some good live music in Sarasota. I love food and I love music so I thought I would love the Blue Rooster, but I don't. The last time I went to visit I had bought a living social coupon and there was someone at the door taking a $5 cover......EXCUSE ME? No, I was disgusted-the first time I went I would have given a couple of more stars, but to charge a $5 cover at 7pm when someone is there to enjoy dinner is insulting to the customer.  My party of two spent well over $150 last time before tip, don't try and nickel and dime me by collecting a $5 cover. I would be on board with paying a cover to a band that started later (not during prime dinner time, like 9 or 10) or if I was just there to drink, but if I'm there to eat dinner and drink why would you charge a cover? I purchased 2 living social coupons and regret it for principle alone, charging good paying customers a cover to go eat dinner is absurd! I don't personally think it'll last, but its a good concept with a really bad execution: food isn't spectacular for the price, service was good I'll admit, the drinks are overpriced, and the acoustics are way off. Get over yourselves, and save the cover charge for people who aren't enjoying dinner or are arriving past a certain time. I read a review of a family who was charged a cover for live music, ate their dinner, and got their check and throughout their entire visit the band was on a break-they did not receive a refund of the cover- I would have revolted!
While I love the concept and presentation of this restaurant, I sadly must give it a 2 star review. I have been to the blue rooster on three different occasions over the past 6months or so. The first two times were on weeknights. Good service, good drinks, limited menu with average food, but overall a good experience. I find that actual good food is hard to come by in sarasota, and like others, this restaurant didn't really impress me too much. However, I loved the live music and definitely enjoyed it. Now let's talk about my third visit. We arrived at approximately 8pm on a Friday night, and I expected a wait time of at least 30 minutes. What I didn't expect was being told that we would not be able to sit inside at all, and we must sit outside in the rain with the smokers. An excellent ambiance for dinner. My friends and I selected a table - the driest option - however, it was dirty. We asked the hostess if it would be possible to have our table cleaned. 10 minutes pass by. We ask the hostess again. Finally, someone comes out and clears the items off the table, however, doesn't actually clean it. Another 5-10 minutes and another request to the hostess and we're finally sitting at a clean, dry table and are approached by our waitress who is seemingly friendly and promises she will be as speedy as possible for the rest of the night. Drinks came fairly quickly, the food took a little longer. I ordered the Mac and cheese appetizer, which was good. I also ordered a salad, which was pretty bad. We were brought biscuits after requesting them, and they tasted like freezer burn. After dinner, we decided to order some dessert. My friend and I ordered the fruit cobbler a la mode, and my other friend ordered the coconut cake. Let me tell you, we waited 35 minutes for that dessert to arrive - sans a la mode. During that time, our waitress was nowhere to be seen. We requested our forgotten extra ice cream and while we were waiting, we all took a bite out of my friend's stale, cold, hard, freezer-burned coconut cake. I'm still confused why it would take over a half hour to take a piece of cake out of a refrigerator, but that's just me. My friend sent her cake back after the waitress returned with our ice cream, who kind of begged her to order another dessert. She was very flighty, confused, and honestly seemed as though she had been drinking. We asked for our checks- where there were of course issues and errors with the bill. Finally, at 10:15, after over two hours, I was able to leave the Blue Rooster.
I was born at Whitesburg Appalachian Regional Hospital, so my heart and soul still belong in the mountains of West Virginia. My father played the 5-string banjo in a bluegrass band, so you can just imagine my excitement when I stepped into the Blue Rooster on a Friday night and discovered not only a bluegrass band performing, but an awesome atmosphere to enjoy some southern comfort classics. We headed straight to the bar for a drink and appy. I was feeling a little horsey, so I started with a Mint Julep, and it hit the spot. My girlfriends and I also decided to split an order of the fried green tomatoes, and they were okay. We were then seated at our table, and our tall, slightly awkward but sweet server came over to greet us. We were given complimentary fresh, buttery, light biscuits to begin our meal with, and they were accompanied by whipped butter and a delicious, spicy pepper jelly. Amazing. I ordered the Shrimp & Grits, and they were incredible. However, I can thank the Blue Rooster for my new favorite drink, which is the Cajun Lemonade. This consists of Pimms #1, pink lemonade, sprite and tabasco sauce. If you love tabasco, you will love this drink. Order it. I demand it. You're welcome. I will definitely be back to the Blue Rooster for the delicious food and drinks, as well as to hear bluegrass ballads such as Midnight on the Stormy Deep and Coal Miner's Blues.
Went last minute last night (Sunday of Labor Day weekend) and were seated in one of the last tables around 8:30. We asked to be far from the band so we could talk and our table was perfect. Big crowd & some great music going on, and we actually only came for the food. Chose a classic hurricane cocktail, which was as expected. .Meal was really good...exceptional, really. Our daughter is in school in New Orleans and this was a nice twist to the usual. Take some classic southern meals but add a nice twist, and that's what you have. Recommend fried green tomatoes as an app. Meatloaf was flavorful. Gourmet, even. Shrimp and grits had a nice accompanying sauce and plenty of shrimp. We split the dessert of the day, which was a great, light lemoncello whipped cream cake with fruit. Light & flavorful. Perfect for a hot end of summer night. Only thing to add is that it did get noisy. If you just want to eat I'd go much earlier and get out before the band starts. However we ended up listening to some great music, which was an added bonus.
This place is AWESOME! The food i will admit could be a little better. I agree it's good not fantastic. It's a very "southern" type of menu choices. I'll be honest I don't go there to have dinner usually....it's the MUSIC. Everyone I have ever seen there are really good players. One night we were there and the guys from Dicky Betts' band showed up and sat in...I mean WOW! Everyone was having a few drinks dancin' and having a hell of a good time. I mean if your going out to see live music..yeah it's gonna be loud and here it's a good kinda loud...
We have been here a couple of times already.  The chicken is great and the flank steak is awesome... Fries...well you have to try them..OMG...love the food and thy had great bands both times we were there.  Cajun Shrimp appetizer is yummy...no complaints at all.  Server was very attentive.  Music starts around 8:30 I think.
A really wonderful evening with great food, great music and great service.  The server was well informed and seemed genuinely proud to be working there.   You can tell a lot of thought and effort went into the menu; the greens,  parsnips, grits and desserts were all really good but the reason for going, the fried chicken was,well let's just say - we'll be back.
We had a great dinner. I am always looking for a restaurant  with something different on the menu and they had it. I would describe it as high class southern. Beet salad with cumin dressing was great and the fried green tomatoes were too. Shrimp and grits were sweet along with the baked beans and biscuits. Collard greens were some of the best I've had. Topped that off with the sweet potato pie. We left happy and full. Cool decor as well.  It is a little pricey and i would never pay $9 for a kids meal. Thanks guys. Will be back.
carol  "First time .....great service ....good food nice ambiance ....like to hear some music there in the future ...thought the food although very good, was overpriced for what you got....it would be easy to add something to the plate so you would not feel that way.........
not southern food.the chef has no idea.slow service expensive for what u get and drinks were at the top of the price chart . stay away
