Why 5 stars? Because it's one of the nicest comedy clubs I've been to.   ---   ---   --- I hadn't been to McCurdy's in a couple of years since they opened up this new location, and I have to say - they did a phenomenal job. The decor is modern and clean, there are TV's throughout, and even the food is better than at most comedy clubs. We enjoyed the appetizer sampler, and the highlight was definitely the pretzel bread. It was honestly as good as it gets. And when the usual comedy club fare is 3 stars at best, something that delicious will really set you apart. I didn't plan on drinking, but I ordered a bubble gum cocktail because it sounded so intriguing. It was so tasty that I ended up getting two. I'm not the type to just randomly see a comedian I don't know, but I'll definitely be back here to see one of my favorite comedians in the future. So far, I've seen Mitch Fatel at the old facility, and just recently saw Jim Breuer.
I wanted  to give this visit a rave review, but this will not be. The show was awesome! Funny, #funny  and the staff in the show were great. We received a call from the comedy  club that they were giving  us 4 free tickets, so that was awesome. The negatives of this visit was the food. OMG  the coconut shrimp has so much salt of top, it seemed as though two or three people  salted each on with out knowing that  someone else already had. Just sickning. Then the hummus I ordered  had so much garlic in it that it was spicy. So all I could taste was salt and garlic. Too bad the food was so bad. We will return  another day, but I will not order food, or I will have the manager taste my food.
Soooo we loved the original. Just left a show we paid for.  Experience was horrible. We booked tickets for the 9:30 show, arrived at 9. Once we got in & purchased a drink we were told there was a 'delay' and we would be waiting for admittance till 10. Barely any a/c. Sweltering in there. We're not allowed to stand outside w the drink we just bought. Once we got in the 'host' threw us into a squeezed in seat my husband couldn't even get into & we left. We won't be back. It's unfortunate. It was never this tight at the old place but change is good, right?  I'd rather drive to Tampa for a show.
I've been going to McCurdy's for over 11 years. My 1st time was when it was at the Big Kitchen, which is where I learned that they had comedy classes, I took both of them & started my comedy career there. It has been great to watch them grow over the years & now in their new, best location yet, downtown SRQ! I've met famous comedians there which has been a thrill for me! I have never seen a bad headliner there. ALWAYS a great time! Worth the drive from anywhere!
Hilariously entertaining! Perfect for a date night with your partner or a double date with another couple! My husband and I always have a great time and if you let them know your birthday or anniversary they will call you with free tickets for you and your friends! Love it!
We are newcomers to Sarasota and love comedy clubs. We have been to McCurdy's a couple of times now and really like it.  It reminds me of the DC Improv.  Very casual and they have great comedians here.  Looking forward to our next show.
Typical comedy club been here a few times always good. How good depends on the comics. Must order at least 2 drinks not a problem for me. And you can't go wrong with bucket of pop corn. If you are NOT a smoker be sure to attend the NO smoking show.
In a rough area, the plaza that its in, could use a facelift. McCurdy's was nice, smaller than what I expected. Seating was a little uncomfortable. The comedian was ok, not the best. His before act was better,
Thank you Ms. Jones for resolving the issue with the tickets. I'm looking forward to visiting McCurdys next time I'm in town.
This place is a joke! I love it. Laid back atmosphere. The comedians are awesome. Les, the owner is funny too. The staff is really nice. Great place to take your friends or to celebrate a birthday or anniversary.
