Everything was delicious. Kids ate the orange chicken, which was really sweet and had oranges mixed in with the chicken. Mmm... Kids loved it. Sweet and sour chicken? Yes and it was also very good. We also had the house fried rice. This has shrimp, chicken and pork in it. It also has cilantro (I heart cilantro). Another dish was a black bean sauce chicken.... Holy oh my goodness gracious.... Best flavor explosion ever. Next we had chow fun... This didn't have too much flavor but the other dishes really made up for it.
Very strange service. This is my second time eating there. The food was good, and I'll return. Four and a half stars for the food. We were a party of three. The first person's meal came out in a timely way. The second person's meal came out  5 minutes after that. The waiter finally noted that the third person was still waiting on their meal. I think the waiter had to put in another order. The third person was served at least 20 minutes after the first. One star for service.
Still the only "go to" place in Sarasota and it never disappoints.  After the must have Salt & Pepper Calamari (more than we could finish) we had their Typhoon Bay style clams.  A pile a little neck sized clams in the shell (w/a pattern I've never seen - not sure what clam it was, but Typhoon Bay is in Hong Kong) covered with an abundance of dry seasonings.  You have to use your fingers, but well worth it. We've had Beef Chow Fun here before, but this time had it "with sauce".  Served in a huge glass pie plate and loaded with beef, carrots, baby Bok Choy and perfectly cooked broad rice noodles.  It was beautiful to see when served, and fabulous to eat. Drool-worthy pictures attached!
Everything taste good.  Services is fast and nice. Waiters and waitress is friendly and helpful.
I am so in love with this place.  Salt & Pepper Calamari is the best I've ever had.  It is really amazing.  Several beef or chicken entrees we've had have also been really good.  Portions are enormous, which is so awesome.  Generally, portions ay Sarasota restaurants are really tiny and it makes me not want to eat out.  I think it is because old people will split a dish if you give them a normal adult portion.  Whatever it is, I really hate it, so I just do not return to restaurants with tiny portions. Weekend dim sum is pretty good too.  Try the handmade rice noodles.  They are really something special.  I feel like I could go on saying good things about this place for an hour.  Let me just say that it is one of my favorite places to eat in the area.
Very good Asian food, not like what you'd get from a typical Chinese take out place. Everything tasted very fresh and well made. Nice atmosphere, but it does get pretty packed very quickly. I would definitely come back of I'm in the Sarasota area again.
This is an excellent Chinese restaurant, the best in Sarasota for sure, BUT beware of purse snatchers and con artists when you're here! We had lunch there yesterday and some older lady came over to our table while we were eating and leaned over on us and was talking about the food while her husband went around the other side of the table, and we're pretty sure she was really just trying to distract us so that he could try to slide my wife's purse off the back of her chair! Then, after she left, she came BACK into the restaurant and came straight over to our table and started crying and going on about how her brother in law is in the hospital and started asking us for money for gas or bus fare or some nonsense like that. Since I'm originally from NYC, I saw right through it and sent her on her way empty-handed. So, here's a word to the wise, stay alert while you're eating here and, ladies, NEVER hang your purse on the back of your chair in a restaurant, it's just TOO easy to steal that way... one person distracts you while their partner lifts your purse while you're looking the other way! Great food here, though... the Salt-And-Pepper Calamari is simply the BEST!!!
My wife and I went recently for lunch about 12:30, a busy time.  It was a short wait for our table.  We had the soup dumplings, barbecued pork and tofu skin plus an order of gai lan (Chinese brocolli).  Still very good, the soup dumpling is pretty large.  They really know how to do the veggie, comes out a nice bright green and a big plate full. As I look around, there are roughly two types of diners here, those who order big individual noodles or fried rice plates like what you find in the usual Chinese restaurants; and those who order the dim sums and the lesser known dishes preferred by Chinese.  It looks like they managed to cater to both preferences, a good sign that they will survive.  If you ordered noodles, you can get a huge lunch for well under $10.
Dim Sum!!! They use the carts and everything on the weekends. Food was really great. I am not a Chinese seafood fan and they use a lot of seafood in their dim sum dishes but I was still able to find food that I enjoyed. Definitely worth trying if you're in the area!
Stopped in for a Yummy lunch and as always what a treat!! Had the Salt and Pepper Seafood Combo, the Beef Chow Fun and the Special Fried Rice from the Lunch menu. We had to stop eating even though we didn't want to because we were so FULL!! Love the food here. My only issue about this place is the bathroom is kinda icky!
BEST Chinese food. Even better than China!!!
Very good Chinese food in Sarasota from what me and my family ate. Coming from an Asian man and a chef that says a lot about a restaurant.
The food here is decent. Best place for this style of food we have found in Sarasota - so far, anyway! We switched to getting food to go - the portions are still big enough to share and then we don't have to deal with choppy service. The problem is every time we have dined in - the service has never been good. We have watched other people get served - even when they were sat 10+ minutes after we were. Another time we had to keep asking for water refills and at one point another waiter just took over our table since our first waiter just never came back. So my tip would be - keep a copy of the menu, call in, pick up and eat at home!
We went last Sunday & it was pretty busy (had a hard time finding a parking space). They give HUGE portions (way too much food & they don't offer half portions at request). Pretty delicious food! We had the salt & pepper shrimp and calamari, beef lo mein, & egg rolls (the egg rolls were not that good). And unfortunately it took 3 tries for them to get the beef lo mein order right (the only request was no bean spouts). We'll go back but I won't order the eggs rolls!
Chinese cuisine has suffered greatly here in the SRQ. Almost to the point where I had given up hope. So many Chinese restaurants...even PF Chang's joined the fray into mediocrity with great acceptance. Before I wrote this review, I went to Yummy House several times to make sure this place was very consistent. It is... Lunch time is the best time to go here because they have Dim Sum plates, which are difficult to find outside of large metropolitan areas. All the food here is excellent (I used to travel to Shanghai and Shenzhen often). Salt & Pepper Calamari, Steamed BBQ Pork Buns, Shrimp Dumplings, Hong Kong Style Roasted Duck, Chinese broccoli were all excellent Dim Sum dishes. The dinner menu is similar. We also tried the snow pea spouts and the shrimp fried rice (kids love it).  Also, they have Tiger Beer (from Singapore) which is one of my favorites. Everything I tried here was excellent. Very consistent on EVERY VISIT! The service here is awesome, very kid friendly, and the food is always piping hot! Other restaurant owners take note. This is how you gain customer loyalty. Yummy House is always packed full of customers. The word gets out. They have locations in Tampa and Gainesville, so they are doing something right. It's all about the Chef and Yummy House is focused on creating authentic Chinese cuisine.
Yummy House has soared far and beyond in having the best Chinese food in Sarasota. I've eaten at the noodle house on Waters in Tampa, and this has exceeded in service and food choice. My Chinese friend noted that the presentation was a little "fusion-y", but this is more than understandable - Sarasota is a small city full of old white people, and you have to bridge the gap between Cantonese cuisine and this city's sterile demographics. But while there's something for everyone (they had quite a few gweilo-friendly dishes on the menu) , if you're looking for real Chinese food, you're going to find it here. The soup dumplings are to die for, as is most of the other stuff on the menu. My friend got Chinese Vinegar, which went great with the Shu Mai (I'd never tasted real Shu Mai before) and spare rib. Their desserts are great (I ate rather than ordered, so the names are going to escape me) especially the pineapple buns and the egg tarts. In summary, I not only recommend this place, I have made it one of my regulars when I'm in Sarasota.
So I never give any place 5 stars but Yummy house is one place that deserves it. The food is outstanding. I'm a vegetarian so I always get their Singapore noodles and this eggplant dish, it's amazing. Try this place. You'll love it.
This could be the best Chinese restaurant in sarasota-bradenton area. It gets very busy at night and we usually wait for about 20-30mins if any. But totally worth waiting!
We stopped in for Dim Sum. At first, we hadn't been given a dim sum menu,and I was worried we came at the wrong time. Ordered the salt and pepper calamari, sweet chestnut cake, steamed rice rolls, steamed crabmeat dumplings,and shu mai. Everything was excellent, though I didn't care for the steamed rice rolls.
Yummy House has AMAZING Chinese food. Everything has layers of flavor from their fried dumplings to pork lo mein to sesame chicken. Only complaints is that it is way overpriced for a Chinese restaurant and they do not have specific item descriptions on their menu. I love wonton soup and order it every time I eat out, little did I know that their wonton soup has shrimp in it and my fiancé had an allergic reaction. Though the soup was delicious, that was not the route we wanted to take that evening.
No matter how good the food, I couldn't believe we had to pay $21.00... For tea.  They said it was 1.75 each,  but come on.  For a large party, that is ridiculous.   If u go, don't order tea.  I am accustomed to tea not being the most expensive item on our order!!!
I see a lot of people saying that takeout Chinese or even chain restaurants are better than Yummy House. Well, if you want Americanized, takeout-style Chinese (i.e., sweet and sour pork, orange chicken, fried rice, pepper steak, etc.) then you're absolutely right. If that's what you're after, you're better off heading elsewhere. But if you're in Sarasota and want decent dim sum or something that's at least close to "authentic" Chinese, and you're okay with a long wait, a crowded restaurant, or even what many people in this area might consider poor service, then Yummy House is your best -- and maybe your only -- option.
Service is good but there is way too much msg and its killing my throat worse Chinese food I ever had.
Just as good as it's predecessors in Tampa, this location did not disappoint. We arrived around 530 on a Tuesday night and were able to get a table right away. Now when we left an hour later, that's was a different story. They were on a slight wait. The salt and pepper calamari or shrimp is a must for an appetizer and I LOVE their fried rice. It's truly real fried rice. Not just whit rice was soy sauce op top. Love it!
Decor: 4/5 -If you come during prime time, you may have trouble finding parking -spacious indoor seating, suitable for parties up to 8 Service: 5/5 -much better than I anticipated. Super friendly. -Dim sum is a la carte except on weekends where they push the cart around. -one of our dishes took a while to be prepared so they comp'd it and gave it to us anyways -Lunch specials range from $6.99-$8.99 -Dim Sum prices: Small $2.95, Medium $3.45, Large $3.95 Food: 4/5 -What I liked: beef tripe, egg custard, bean curd, fried taro, fried pork -Mediocre: HK style sticky rice, spare rib in black bean sauce, chicken mushroom, pork buns -What I disliked: hot tea and tap water, baby spare rib in pepper sauce
There was not a lot (or none is a better description) of good Chinese food in Sarasota, until Yummy House joined the market.   It is not like the normal Americanized Chinese food - so if that is your taste, this is probably not the spot for you.   The dishes are a good size and come out piping hot.  The selection of items was immense for lunch - as well as some combo items. It looks much nicer on than inside than it does on the outside.  We stopped on the way to drop off friends at the airport and let the waiter know we were in a bit of a hurry.   The service was spot on. It was busy - we got the last table - but there were no delays taking our order or delivery fresh hot food.   There are so many items to choose from, I'll definitely make several trips back.  Looking forward to trying their DimSum.
Depending on where you are seated the service can be very fast or very slow. I was seated where the service was very slow. Customers that were seated after me got dim sum before I waited for 15 mins. Overall the dim sum is delicious.
By far the best Chinese for miles. I can recommend the orange chicken, house fried rice, salt & pepper seafood, clams in black bean sauce, steamed shrimp dumplings off the dim sum cart, and sweet & sour pork. The service is usually pretty good. The bathrooms are yucky.
Good flavors all around. That's due to the fresh ingredients and skilled seasoning decisions. My one suggestion: ease off on the corn starch/velveting. We had salt and pepper eggplant, salt and pepper calamari, curry pork chops, sliced beef with ginger and green onions, and finally a Szechuan hot pot of eggplant and grouper. Like I said, literally everything was fresh and tasty. But the hot pot was more a soup of thick, starchy, semi-sweet sauce than the cauldron of spicy meat and veggies one expects. The pork was battered and deep-fried before submerged in a thick curry. The beef strips were heavily velveted. When the ingredients are that yummy, one should be able to scale back the calories. No need for all that corn starch. Otherwise a solid resto.
The food is good, but the service and environment are abysmal.  The best advice when considering Yummy House? Either get takeout or go somewhere else. The restaurant is almost always busy, so you can expect a decent chance of sitting at the three tables near the bathrooms. On our visit, these tables were infested with fruit flies, house flies and an assortment of other insects. The manager was uninterested in addressing the issue, and would not offer an apology. His response was, "We get deliveries and sometimes the door gets left open."   Important: If you show up and it is busy, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. The flies could be a serious health issue. The service is also painfully slow. There were long periods, up to 20-30 minutes, when we did not see our waiter. We were very polite and didn't ask for much, but when we summoned the waiter to ask for our check, he rolled his eyes. His excuse was, "we're busy." The manager was exceptionally defensive and unreceptive to customer feedback. He offered numerous excuses, including "We're busy," and "That's Sarasota." The restaurant has a proud "People Love us on Yelp" sticker on their door, but when I so much as mentioned Yelp and other social media, the manager responded with, "Restaurants in Sarasota don't take very well to threats."   If you don't mind completely dire service and an arrogant staff, the food is delicious. If you want to be treated with respect and actually valued as a customer, there are lots of other places in Sarasota with food that is just as good.
This is a great place to pig out on dim sum and that was exactly what I did Saturday morning. It is an American-style Chinese dim sum arrangement because if you were to really go to Asia and have dim sum there, the food would be different and much better quality but it's nice to see that Sarasota gradually adding interesting eateries in her town.
So I finally got to eat at Yummy House. After a long time of friends telling me I needed to try this place, a Thursday after beers at Growlers this place felt like heaven. So this place does not look like the typical SanFran Chinese place. It also doesn't look like the typical Chinese restaurant I used to eat in Curaçao or Venezuela. The food may not be the most authentic when compare to food in HK, but this place, this place has quality food. Everything I got was fresh and tasty. JT, at the bar was kind enough to bring us Chinese ribs that were delicious. I also saw a couple of sweet and sour plates coming out of the kitchen, and guess what? they were NOT HOT PINK. That by itself it's a great sign. I am looking forward to try their dim sum. I recommend this place 100% (Doc, you are just an spoiled California dude with too many trips to Asia ;-) )
I went for lunch with my wife and we both had the sweet and sour chicken, it came out in less than 5 minutes with two piles of Jasmine rice. The chicken was good, I believe small pieces of hand coated thigh. The sweet and sour sauce was absolutely perfect, a perfect mixture of pineapple, green, red, yellow bell pepper, and probably a few other things... it was perfect. 5 stars. The price for both lunches was around $7 each and it came with a drink. The amount of food was enough for lunch and to have plenty left over for later. If I was hungrier, I could have ate it all in one sitting.
Excellent dim sum lunch. We didn't bother w lunch menu but it looks great and much more authentic than pf changs which is only a few miles away.  The calamari salt and pepper appetizer is cray cray good! Lunch and 4 tiger beers less than 40 dollars - amazing.
I had a layover at home and decided to treat the family to the Yummy House. After hearing about this great new place in town. Service: 0-1 stars. Food: 3-4 stars. We ordered two fried rice and one orange chicken. We asked for lemonade, milk, and chocolate milk for the kids. They had none, only soda. So, a round of water was ordered. In addition, service was slow and unconcerned about our meal. No one asked how it was, if we needed more water, etc. I'm being kind when I say it was "minimalist". The fried rice was clearly made with fresh ingredients. It was very good and well made. My only real complaint is we received only one order. We decided that rather than wait another 20 minutes for another plate to come out, we'd ration the serving we had. It was almost enough for the four of us. The orange chicken wasn't really anything spectacular. In fact, it tasted much like any other breaded orange chicken at just about any other take-out restaurant. I hate to admit it, but P.F. Chang's does a better job with their orange chicken. I would like to try a few other things on the menu, but the service left such a bad taste in my mouth that it's going to be carry-out from here on out. In sum, the food is good, but don't subject yourself to the long lines at dinner and the poor service (this building is not well configured for this style of restaurant). Go with carry-out. If you do go, carpool. Parking spaces are scarce.
This is the best authentic gourmet Chinese food in the Tampa Bay/Bradenton/Sarasota area and one of the best in the entire country! They're always packed with a casual mix of those in-the-know. They have incredible Peking duck that you'd better have held with a phone order by early evening if you plan to dine late as I often do, because they usually sell out of it by 8 pm most nights and I believe that they close at 9. And they are serious about closing time. I wish they were open later! Other addictive favorites there are the Chinese broccoli with garlic sauce, braised eggplant and green onions in garlic oyster sauce, scallops and shrimp in wine sauce (which is HUGE sautéed scallops, shrimp, snow peas, and fresh mushroom in a garlic-wine sauce) and their fried rice is the best you'll ever have, (finished off with sesame oil which is omitted at most other Chinese restaurants, I guess due to lax standards and the high cost of it). I want to catch the dim sum; I'm never that hungry early in day but it looks great! This place is 1st rate.....using QUALITY INGREDIENTS, AUTHENTIC RECIPES AND TECHNIQUES with attention to detail and no skimping on quality touches that raise their food to a par above others.
Man this place is uh-MAZING!!!  The appetizer cart was delicious. Not a single bad item. House Lo Mein and Cashew Chicken also off the chain. Will definitely be back next trip to Sarasota.
Really, really delicious. The flavors and style of Chinese food (Cantonese style) I grew up eating. We ordered the spicy yummy chicken, the salt and pepper calamari, vegetable lo mein, shrimp and scallops with xo sauce, honey walnut shrimp and pepper beef. Was more than enough for 4 people (we were starving). The calamari, the yummy chicken and walnut shrimp were incredible - not to be missed. I look forward to exploring this entire menu!!!
As I mentioned in a previous review, I grew up with steam cart dim sum service in uptown Chicago every Sunday as a kid, and was settling for inferior dim sum previously.  I went to Yummy House today for dim sum, and now I see what all the hype is about. Decor wise the place really isn't anything to write home about.  I've been to top shelf Chinese restaurants, and if that's what you're looking for, I recommend T.C. Choy's in Tampa.  This place is admittedly not the coolest, hippest place in look and feel. Similarly, a dish I got had chipped edges; nothing that poses a danger, but still. I arrived at 1pm today, Wednesday, the day before the 4th of July.  The place was stuffed to the gills, the only immediately available seating was at the bar, so that's where I headed. All right, that's the end of the negative stuff. Salt and pepper calamari - I've been seeing this dish crop up at places like T.C.Choy's, seems like top tier chinese places offer it now.  Yummy House's appears to be in a beer batter style batter, which I don't recall seeing before.  What knocks this preparation out of the park is the pepper side; dried red chili flakes, which I haven't seen in this dish before, plus fresh jalapeno and cilantro, this dish had the perfect blend of sweet, salty, and bite, and the squid was thick and meaty.  Excellent, although I'm still trying to decide where I stand on the "fish and chips" type batter... Shui Mai - pork and shrimp dunplings.  AWESOME.  If you cut one of these dumplings you can actually see the pork and shrimp, and it's fresh, I'm guessing made in-house.   Har Gao - shrimp dumplings.  Excellent, fresh, moist. "shrimp paste" - shrimp wrapped in big rice noodles - this was AWESOME, good sauce, 3 rolls served with baby bok choy.  Delicious. Chicken feet - I always order when checking out dim sum because it's good, and also unpopular with Americans; a good restaurant will have juicy, tasty feet despite the fact that few people ever get it.  Yummy House?  Yeah, juicy and tasty.  AWESOME. Everything I got was as good as Tampa or Chicago, but no dipping sauce was offered, which I didn't ask for because I was too busy cramming food in my face.  That's about as high a praise as I can lay on a dim sum restaurant.  I didn't order the fried rice, but a couple at the bar did.  Most "New York" style Chinese restaurants have this dark brown fried rice that just makes me sad, and gives me an MSG headache just looking at it.  Yummy House's fried rice is a beautiful tan, just like mom used to make.  Obviously I didn't taste it, but I bet it was, like everything else I had, some sort of awesome. Similarly, I didn't order the beef chow fun, but that looked delicious. All that, and I wound up spending like $10 less than I usually do at Gold Dynasty, and I was stuffed to the gills.  And I'm a big dude.  AWESOME. So in sum, atmosphere - merely OK, neighborhood - meh, presentation - mixed bag, chipped dish, but otherwise beautiful, food - 10/10 (except no dipping sauces, I'll have to inquire the next time I'm going). I always say the true test of a restaurant is whether I'll go back or not, and as for Yummy House, not only will I be going back, I'll be going back at the expense of another restaurant (Gold Dynasty).
Best Chinese in Sarasota. Hands down! This place always seems to have a wait or a line out the door.  They pack you in like sardines, but its worth it for the food! This is not the place to go for atmosphere - walls are virtually empty, tables don't have decor - you are here to EAT, and eat you shall! Salt & Pepper Calamari is not what you would expect - and its AMAZING! Jalepeno, roasted garlic, onion and cilantro with perfectly fried to perfection calamari steak slices. YUMMY. This place lives up to its name.   We've been about 5 times since they opened, have tried something different from the menu everytime, and everything has been outstanding. Mongolian Beef, XO Seafood Noodles, Salt & Pepper Calamari, Dim Sum at lunch hours, pepper and onion beef, asparagus and mushroom chicken.   All of their food is freshly prepared and delicious.  They do take out, so if you aren't in the mood to wait I promise it will be just as good at home. Service is hit or miss - when they are busy, expect to wait for refills.  And prepare to have all your food come out as soon as its ready - this stuff doesn't go under warmers - so when its ready, out it will come.  Dig in, don't wait! RICE does not come with every entree like at most chinese places, you can order a cup of white rice for $1.00 or order one of their fried rice dishes - we ordered the seafood pineapple fried rice - hello YUMMY!  Their fried rice is never greasy and none of their sauces are over salted either - really just can't say enough great stuff about this place.  Totally willing to overlook service because this place is about the food! Portion sizes are ENORMOUS! Bring your appetite and your patience :) ENJOY! PS they don't have any desserts, so leave your sweet tooth at home!
So the good, the bad, and the ugly. Food deserves four stars, but I made the mistake of using their bathroom during my meal and couldn't unsee what I saw, and it really changed my perception of the place. The sad thing is I was the first to use it being one of the first customers, which means the restaurant considered it "clean" and ready for business. Without getting too graphic, I'll just say it was even on the walls.  If that's how they clean a bathroom, I'm a little scared to see the kitchen. That's the ugly. The good is the food is the real deal. Turnip patty, calamari, pork pastry, bean bun, all great. Service was extremely attentive and friendly.   The bad would be the amount of oil (aka garlic sauce) in the Chinese broccoli. It was so thickly coated with oil and even sitting in a pool of it. Both the Chinese broccoli and beef chow fun are much better at Golden Dynasty. I also wish they had a turn table for the large tables. Those huge plates are a pain in the ass to pass. Overall, I may be back if I can get over the bathroom and I would then switch it up between there and Golden Dynasty b/c the beef chow fun and broccoli are best.
My mother suggested this place after reading in the paper so we decided to give it a shot. She tried to make reservations, but after calling numerous times throughout the day no one would pick up. When we go there there was a line outside and when we got the front we put in our name and were told nothing. So, we stood there. I felt bad for the table in front because of all the people standing there around them. Eventually, we asked and were told it would be a wait, so we got some wine. We saw one lady get mad and walk out and others seemed upset with the wait, especially when you see about 4-5 empty tables. 45 minutes later we finally got a table. After 5 minutes we finally got menus and our waitress came. She was very friendly, but when asked for suggestions the language barrier was an issue. We asked about the dim sum as the newspaper suggested, but were told it was only done for lunch. Umm... We ordered some apps. The fried calamari and spring rolls came out and the calamari was nice thick pieces, but a little on the greasy side. The spring rolls you can get at any sarasota fast chinese place. Waiting... waiting... waiting... Watching other diners getting upset and finally our food came. Grouper XO Sauce, Curry Chicken and Mongolian Beef - all luke warm. My father had to wait an additional 15 minutes for his Sweet and Sour Shrimp and our white rice. The Chicken Curry was sent back for being cold and was microwaved super hot,. At that point I did not care and ate mostly white rice. The Mongolian Beef was sub-pare meat. The Chicken Curry was probably the best thing I tried, but any thai place could do a good yellow curry. My father did not care much for the shrimp and said they were soogy and not crisp and when he told the waitress she replied that was how hong kong sweet and sour was. My mother did like the grouper with the XO sauce so she was the only one who got leftovers. Overall, growing up in the NJ/NY area I know what good asian food is. I have tried many Sarasota places and this just does not even compare. Perhaps, if the service was better than it could be comparable to a local delivery joint. Sorry, maybe it was an off night, but I was not satisfied and ordered a pizza when I got home.
Finally, got a chance to try yummy house in sarasota.  Good but didn't blow my socks off.  if I had to sum it up in a sentence, much better than the strip mall travesties that are common in this area.  I kind of feel like some of the other reviewers about being bipolar about this place or that things are good but not exactly right.   The wait here is crazy as other have said.  Tried coming early but early wasn't early enough.  But our "hour" wait turned into 30 minutes when people gave up and left before a table was ready.  So sometimes patience is good.  Also, consider teaming up with other people waiting to get one of the big round tops they seem to keep in reserve.   Started out with the salt and pepper seafood sampler.  And this was the start of my over analyzing things.  It is not what I would consider authentic salt and pepper style as there was no sichuan pepper corns on it.  But if you got just the right bight of squid or scallop with just the right amount of salt, and the friend garlic and the little bits of jalapeño then yeah it was good and I can see what people like it.  But jalapeño on salt and pepper dish?  I guess that is using ingredients at hand that might be more approachable, not what I was expecting/hoping for when I ordered it.   The squid and the scallops were tender and fresh and perfectly cooked.  But the mixture of salt, garlic and chiles that make this work were not even.  so some bites were very good and some tasted just some fried seafood.  But no way was this what I think of as traditional salt and pepper and certainly not like I've had it other places (read that as not in this country).  Also I could be wrong (need to check the menu) but I thought it was supposed to have shrimp in it as well, and none to be found. Tried the honey roast pork hong kong style.  When I had roast pork in HK it was never like this, so not what I was hoping for again.  This was indeed tender and decent but kind of lacked flavor.  Also tried the XO sauce with shrimp and scallops.  Shrimp were very good the pea pods in this dish were good but the scallops were stringy and over cooked.  So a split opinion.  I've had better XO sauce but this is better than what you'll find in this area, so being jaded I complain.  :)   Basically, things were good, but not 5 stars good.  Better than most things in the area, but some misses and basically things lacked depth of flavor.  They were cooked well (other than the XO scallops) but no zing.  While I enjoyed it, I'm not rushing back, I think I might rather drive up to St. Pete to go to ABC seafood before I come back to yummy, but I'm glad they are in Sarasota and I'm glad people like them.  The fourth star was for taking on a cursed restaurant location and showing Sarasota there is something better than strip mall Chinese in the area. Also, the people watching is worth a star as well!  The couple next to us must have ordered the menu, we saw them tackle at least 10 things while we were there!  And they were skinny!  They started before us and were there when we left.  Priceless moment:  when the woman asked the waiter  "can we just have regular Lo mien?"  LMAO.
Literally the worst service I've ever encountered. Sweet and sour pork was good. Nothing special. Prices were good though. Stick to takeout for is place. Otherwise you're in for a rough night.
This place did not live up to the hype. Luckily we had made a reservation, so the wait wasn't long. However, they had taken down the wrong number of people for the reservation. The dining room was like being in a sauna. No AC on and both doors were open, which didn't make things any cooler. I got the beef stew clay pot, which was terrible. There was no beef, all fat. Not much else in the stew except turnips. The beef chow fun was alright. The service was mediocre. Took forever to get some glasses of water. We were a party of four and two meals were brought out while we had to wait another 10 minutes for the other two meals.
This is the new Yummy House location that follows the well-known Tampa location's blueprint.  The menu is the same as the Yummy House Bistro location on Hillsborough Avenue, where everything is just a little more fancy.  While my favorite location is the Waters Avenue location, I am not going to pass this new gem up for convenience. We visited for dinner on the first day of opening.  I was sad not to see any congratulatory flowers being displayed, because it is well deserved for how quickly the location was transformed from a grim shell to a bustling Hong Kong style restaurant. The aloof service is just as bad as a mid-tier restaurant you would find in Hong Kong.  And, once you learn how to maneuver such hustle and not to take the being ignored and shrugged off personally--- it is kind of rewarding to actually get what you want.  There is a game one must play just to receive the check and to pay it.  I won't tell you my secrets on how to do so, unless you can find me in action... The food, however, makes up for any and everything negative I can say.  All of the dishes are cooked to perfection.  While some other Chinese restaurants in Tampa Bay specialize in dishes that I do not order at Yummy House--- Yummy House also has their own specialties.  There are two of them: 1. Salt and Pepper style anything; tofu, pork chops, and my favorite... the Salt and Pepper Calamari 2. XO sauce with Shrimp and Scallops Their noodle dishes do not disappoint and also the large assortment of Snow Pea Leaf dishes puts other restaurants to shame.  While noodles are spelled "Noodless" on the menu, don't expect anything "less" than delicious. You notice how bi-polar the reviews are for this location?  Those of you that live in the Sarasota/Bradenton area will know what I mean when I say, "This place is the new Nam Fong."  All of the Snowbirds have told each other to dine at Yummy House through various lines of gossip.  So, there is now a line of retired folks wrapped around the building before they open on a daily basis, and definitely on the weekends.  I love to see what they order and their reaction to the food.  Most just order an entire plate of deep fried chicken covered in red gelatin or lo mein--- And, they hoard the entire plate for themselves to eat American style.  It is hilarious to see an 87 year old man attempt to eat an entire mountain of jello chicken chunks. Some Tips: All of the tables are 4 tops or more.  So, it is infuriating to see so many solo diners hogging a 4 top table when there is a line out in the parking lot.  However, business is good, so who cares- right?  It would be great if they could get some 2-seater tables, or go NYC style and cram all singles at one long table together.   They have more customers than they know what to do with now.  Therefore, you will need to dine during a time that you know will not be crowded.  Waiting for a table is unorganized, so you might as well give up and come back some other time.  Now people are catching onto the dim sum service, so we arrive no later than 11:30pm so we are served.   Online, you can find and use the same menu from their Tampa locations.  Use it to study up before you arrive, because your order will be taken quickly. Yummy House is open 11-3 for lunch shift, and 5-9:30 for dinner shift.   They offer dim sum cart service on Saturdays and Sundays during lunch times only. If you deviate from the specialties; don't blame me for the outcome. If you do not know anything about more authentic style Chinese food, then you may want to avoid Yummy House until you have a more open mind. The parking lot may look full, but there is plenty of parking also behind the building.  Also, you can park at the bank next door at night, but don't blame me if you get towed. They charge $1.00 for a bowl of steamed rice!  Since rice is a staple in Asian cuisine and culture, I'm only assuming that they do not want any Asians to dine at this location. Paul J. wrote his review 6 days before the restaurant actually opened.   I wonder how he got inside before they opened?  Nice... NOTE: I am no longer able to eat ay Yummy House, because I am not willing to wait over an hour outside for their food.  The reason why I am not adjusting the star rating is because Yummy House is not at fault for having delicious food.  However, I am more angry at the annoying customers that hog the space at Yummy House to chow down on their plates of Sweet and Sour Chicken and Lo Mein, when could get that trash at the local takeout.  If you are going to go to Yummy House, order something yummy, ok?  Thanks for making Yummy House a place to avoid now, you losers.
YUMMY HOUSE IN THE BRADENTON/SARASOTA AREA??!?!?!? NO WAY! This is the another restaurant by the same owner in Tampa (original store on water, 2nd on Hillsborough).  I'm extremely surprised and delighted that there's a somewhat decent chinese restaurant here in this area.  Apparently they opened up a month ago, and already is overflowing with customers everyday. First impression, parking lots looked packed and like there's no room, however, don't be fooled...there's parking in the back too.  The inside, good decent size dining room and clean (since they just opened).  The walls are a bit bare (I only noticed one small area where they had like 6 framed words which I wasn't really about to see what it said), however since they just opened, I'm sure they just haven't figured out what to do yet with the walls. Food, where, it's a known fact that I think that Yummy House in Tampa is not exactly authentic... it's not bad... and for the price and quantity, it's superb.  They have the same menu as the Yummy House on Hillsborough (with the dim sum).  Their roast duck is superb... very moist and juicy.  I overheard someone asking if they have the peking duck. The waitress replied that they do, however it's usually gone very early in the day, however you can always reserve one if you like.  I think she said it was $32 for the whole duck with the pancakes and everything.  Well, it's nice to know there's a place that has roast duck and peking duck around here.   The main thing I really complained about the Yummy House in Tampa was the service, which here, is totally different.  The employees are alot nicer and a bit more attentive here, granted that they are busy constantly with a full house. I highly  recommend this place to everyone that's is feeling deprived of chinese food in this area.  You will not be disappointed, in fact, you will probably really appreciate that there is such a place in this Bradenton/Sarasota area.  At least I am!  I'm glad I don't have alway have to travel to St. Pete or Tampa to get a somewhat authentic Chinese food.  I will most likely be back often.
Best in the area, hands down! One reviewer wrote about the eggrolls not being very good and I completely agree. I hope they change their preparation. BUT everything else I've had was excellent. The combo fried rice reminded me of my favorite place in San Francisco. Only Chinese restaurant I go to in this area.
PACKED! First and foremost, I would recommend coming after 7:30pm. My husband was a bit nervous due to the area of town it was located, but the over pouring of cars in the lot changed his mind.  We put our names on the list and it was still 45min to an hour. We ended up sitting at the bar after 45 minutes. We ordered the salt and pepper calamari, scallops in garlic sauce and orange chicken (my favorite). While waiting, we saw a waitress nuke up an entree in the microwave behind the bar and serve it directly to a patron in the dining room - very discouraging for my husband who watched the whole thing go down. Not sure if this is normally done - I hope not. Nuked up food is unacceptable!! Portions - Very generous. Taste - Good (you can't nuke fried food) The food didn't quite meet our expectations, but we are willing to give it another try. Next time, we will just do "take out".
Vacation in Sarasota over the weekend and looking for good dim sum! This place is great. Cart service so if you come hungry, you will eat as soon as you sit down. Lots of great selections from the cart but they also do other items you have to place an order for. Highly recommended. Dont think there are any other place good for dim sum around the area.
No longer can we Sarasotans lament that there's no good Chinese food in Sarasota!  We've been twice - both times the food & the service have been excellent.  Our order was mixed up the second time - & this situation could not have been handled more professionally. I plan to go weekly until I've sampled just about everything on the menu (I may not try the jellyfish salad listed under BBQ items!).  It should take us about a year to happily accomplish that!
By the looks of this place it appears to be your average run of the mill strip mall Chinese place, and the small sign advertising dim sum does it no justice however this is by far one of the best Cantonese restaurants I have been to in the US. My wife is from Hong Kong, I have visited there several times and well versed in amazing Cantonese cuisine.  My wife really loved the dim sum, its exceptional! everything we tried was superb. We returned for dinner and we both give it an 8 out of 10, this could have been due to the dishes we choose. The portions are huge and the price unbeatable! you cannot lose going here. Its very crowded but not overly just a healthy flow of people in and out which is a testament to how good the food is. I am very glad authentic Cantonese food can survive in sleepy Sarasota!
Very popular place and always busy. The first time I visited was ok the 2nd not so much. Perhaps I need to try other items on the menu, but so far not too crazy about it.
I heard that the food here was fabulous from many people around town, so I decided to go. I also heard that you had to make reservations a week in advance, so I made sure I was waiting in the parking lot around 4:50pm to get inside right when they start dinner service at 5pm. There was already a line outside of about 20 people. I was lucky and got a table without waiting. Minutes into my meal, there were at least 15 people waiting for tables to clear so they could sit. A few empty 8-seat tables stayed empty in the back...perhaps for reservations, or maybe just holding for large groups. I had the Curry Chicken. It's a dish I usually order the first time I go to an asian restaurant. It's my barometer dish. If the curry is good, most things on the menu are also usually good. This curry wasn't the type I usually like, as it had a jelly-like consistency common to chinese style curries, but the flavor was distinct. I enjoyed the dish, even though the chicken was canned, and the white rice ($1 extra) was hard. I really didn't see what the hype was all about. It was better than most cheap chinese takeout, but not miles above it like people tout. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. I'll go back for lunch and try something more unique to the venue.
Had dim sum here and the egg custards (dan tat) are the best here!  Unfortunately, my Shanghainese dumplings took forever.  Almost an hour long wait for those suckers to come out of the kitchen (30 minutes after the rest of my food had already come out).  I was about to leave without them.  The chive dumplings and the hong kong sticky rice were good, smaller than what I'm accustomed to, but good.   The interior is a big open room with no barriers anywhere, a bar in back and the closed off kitchen behind the bar.  The atmosphere has a very Asian cafeteria feel to it but at least it feels clean.   The servers were nice and friendly but I would have really preferred to be told the truth about what's going on with my order so that I can make a decision on whether I want to wait for the food or not.  It was lunch time on a Friday and I had a long drive back to Orlando and would've liked to have spent the extra 30 minutes on the road instead of waiting for the dumplings to come out.
Try the salt and pepper Calamari (or  shrimp) ....perfectly cooked. Lots of pepper, Jalapeno and Cilantro, they are so good. I really enjoy the beef with Chinese Broccolli, as well. We have tried quite a few things and so far everything is really worth eating. The only drawback is that they are busy, so the wait can be 20 minutes or more. Go at a slightly "off" time and they will seat you right away!
Excellent food! I had the mongolian beef and tried my friend's curry. Both had incredible flavoring. I would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of asian cuisine. The only down side is the smells. My breath, clothes and entire body were foul after being inside for over an hour. It was a whole 2 days before my breath was bearable and I showered upon my arrival home. If you are willing to cross these treacherous terrains then I recommend this exceedingly good food. Go wild.
Best Chinese in Sarasota, no contest. If you want fresh, affordable, and authentic Chinese food, brave the wait and go to Yummy House. I've been several times, and have been impressed and delighted each visit. They have some incredible lunch specials. I had the hot and sour seafood noodle soup, and I'll be honest, it quickly became one of my favourite things, something I'll probably wake up craving in the night. Amazing fresh seafood and home-made noodles with an ambrosial broth. A must try for seafood lovers. If you get an appetizer- make sure to try one of the salt and pepper options. The calamari is delicious- crispy and tender- exactly like calamari should be! If you're stout of heart, ask for the chili oil as a dipping sauce; the two go together beautifully. Dinners are great as well, and come in hefty portions that will satisfy a hungry Jack, or give lighter eaters days of tasty leftovers. Depending on when you go there's a wait- and it's worth it. Once you get a table the service is quick and your food comes right away. So glad Yummy House made it down from Tampa. I look forward to many more trips!
Having been away from Sarasota for about 6 months, we were impressed that the former "Red Chef" located on North Tamiami Trail has changed. This is one time that change was actually for the better! Yummy House (with locations in Tampa) has taken over the location and the dining community has responded favorably. My in-laws, natives of Hong Kong, had researched the area including speaking with the manager and encouraged us to visit Yummy House. While the outside is not really encouraging, their efforts are put where it counts - excellent food preparation and presentation. When we arrived at 5:00, we found over 20 diners waiting for the doors to open. The starter of Salt & Pepper Calimari (probably their signature dish) was truly outstanding. The Clams with Ginger and Scallions was very fresh with a perfect blend of tastes.  Our Brother-in-law asked Victor (our server) if he would prepare Sizzling Eggplant with Chicken in Clay Pot (In Mandarin). It is now one of my favorites! This feast was accompanied by al dente Chinese Broccoli with black bean sauce and Long life rice noodles to enhance the flavors of the other dishes. BTW, if your palate is accustomed to Americanized Chinese food, Yummy House will will probably not be to your liking.  I can't wait to go back to try their Dim Sum.  My "gold standard" for Dim Sum is the Golden Unicorn on East Broadway in NYC's Chinatown.
Ok, finally Sarasota gets a LEGIT Chinese food place.  Mrs. FL resident and I went for lunch over the weekend and had a very good meal.  We did not sample the dim sum as we were there to try out what the kitchen produced, we were not disappointed although you can only order from the dinner menu on the weekends.  However, there were two carts moving around quite well, one hot and one cold and the food we saw looked quite good.   We split the shrimp fired rice and the beef and tofu with oyster sauce which came family style which was perfect as we like to share.  We also ordered the crispy eggrolls which were just that and obviously made in house and very good.  We will definitely order them again. Word to the wise:  Be prepared to have to wait, this is isn't fast food or a chain restaurant and given the amount of press and great reviews this place has received it should be expected.  In fact as we were waiting for a table to open up I overheard the manager state on the phone "We have no available dinner reservations on Christmas Day but we have one left for Christmas Eve." This location has been several things over the last several years; I doubt it will be anything other than Yummy House for years to come.
Ordered the Sweet n Sour Pork. The pork was tender and the batter was just the right thickness and had a slight crispness to it that was quite wonderful. The BBQ Pork Fried Rice was a plate of overflowing goodness. The Calamari has to one of the best I have eaten. No rubbery texture, not too much batter and seasoned beautifully. Great to dip in the duck sauce. The service was friendly, helpful and actually came with a smile. This is the first restaurant I've been to I'm years that really deserves each and every one of the five star rating. Don't miss out on the best Chinese food this area can provide!
Don't let the outside appearance hinder you. Yummy House is one of the best restaurants in the Sarasota area and it won't by any means break the bank. I am always on the go, so I often head to Yummy House for their prompt service and I am never disappointed with the food. With a hot pot of tea and a variety of wonderful appetizers and main meals, I never want to leave!
Very good food and great prices. We had sesame chicken and house lo mein. I will definitely go back.
Just minutes North of downtown, this newly opened Cantonese style asian specialty restaurant stretches even further to bring authentic eastern cuisine to the Tampa Bay area. The food is outstanding as we expected from the other Yummy locations in Tampa. Always freshly made to order from premium ingredients, as long as it takes. But wow! The Taste! What's that worth? If you are among those who feel that you cannot get really great Chinese food in Florida... YOU ARE WRONG! Go to Yummy House!
We were searching for somewhere to eat lunch. Yummy House came up on Yelp, but we weren't really in the mood for Chinese food. For that matter, we weren't in the mood for much of anything in particular, so my wife drove around while I looked up area restaurants and reviews. We drove past Yummy House and saw that the place was packed. Good enough for us! We actually arrived in between groups, so we were seated almost immediately. I later heard a customer make a comment that their quick seating was a "once in a lifetime" thing, so that's a good sign. The menu touted the "salt and pepper" appetizers as being "award winning." The appetizers were your usual fried fare: wings, eggplant, various shellfish, etc., all seasoned with a blend of s&p, gobs of chopped fresh cilantro, scallions, sesame seeds, and I don't know what all else. Whatever was in it, it was outstanding. A little salty, a little sweet, just right seasoning. We didn't think we could pass up this house special, so we split the mixed seafood option, which had shrimp, scallops, and calamari, all fried and tossed with the s&p mix. Way too much food for the two of us, but we had to try this. Glad we did, in spite of how stuffed we'd be after our entrees. We each got something off the lunch special menu, so smaller portions than normal, and thank goodness. Heaven forbid we share a dish. I had the house lo mein with beef, chicken, and shrimp. The house-made noodles were the perfect texture, the shrimp was "real" (not salad shrimp), and the seasoning was decent, not too salty and not at all greasy. My wife had the Mongolian beef lunch special. It had a great sweet-garlic flavor, vibrant but not overwhelming. There were several more interesting items on the entree menu, but they'll have to wait until our next visit. Grouper with red wine asparagus sauce, frog with salted egg yolk, and duck with preserved vegetables with sauteed rice noodles caught my eye. Our service was rock-solid the entire time; our food was prompt, our glasses never ran dry, and our server was charming and attentive. The *only* reason I'm not giving this place four stars is because I have had better Chinese cuisine, but I will say this is hands-down the *best* I've had in Florida. Finally, it's worth noting that this location closes from 3-5 PM to reset for dinner.
I was very impressed lives up to its name. The salt and peppered calamari is to die for. The dim sum takes me back to Singapore at the street market. If you haven't been go glad this is in Sarasota it's truly a treasure
This place stays packed so be prepared for a 10-15 minute wait most times. Limited parking and seating lunch is always crowded so come early to beat the crowd. Lunch starts at 11 last until 2:45 with specials that start at $6.99 which include Jasmine Rice and a drink. The food is served in large proportions enough to share. So I would recommend ordering different plates and sampling a little but of everything. Food is very delicious. We ordered the lunch special sweet and sour chicken with the shrimp fried rice entree which wasn't on lunch menu. This place definitely wears a crown for one of the best Chinese restaurant in Sarasota!! Bon appetite!
Pretty busy @ 8 on a Tuesday. Service was okay, seemed a little confused and had two waitresses. The water tasted like crap for some reason, perhaps they needed a new filter? I ordered an egg roll and was told that they only came 4 small to an order...what actually came out was 4 small spring rolls; which is fine cause I ate 2 of them, but I really wanted an egg roll or nothing. My husband ordered sesame chicken without the sesame seeds because he wanted General Tso's chicken and didn't see it on the menu. It was pretty good, but it tasted just like honey chicken to me. The worst part is that you pay $10 for a Chinese dish, I would expect it to come with at least a cup of white rice...but no! Extra charge if you want it, so my husband opted not to get it. I would rather have a little less main dish and give me some rice! I had the Singapore rice noodles. They were pretty tasty. I've had them before however one of our waitresses seemed to be trying to talk me out of them like I didn't know what I was ordering. The menu says it has BBQ pork in it, it tasted just like the roast pork that comes in the typical chinese fried rice to me. There were a ton of onions in it too, but once I picked them out the dish overall was pretty good. I would return, just order smarter next time!
I moved to the US from Hong Kong almost 30 years ago. My favorite food of all time is Braised Beef Noodle Soup or Beef Stew Noodle Soup ().  I look forward to China town trips and trips back to Hong Kong for this.  I ordered this at yummy house hoping that it would satisfy my craving until the next china town trip.  BOY! WAS I HAPPY that I was WRONG!  It is the BEST  I have had in the US.  Still can't top the Hong Kong taste, but if you are a true Chinese  lover.  You wont' be disappointed :)
I can understand the fuss about a decent Chinese restaurant in Sarasota due to the lack of any other options. The place looks like a cafeteria. The service was fantastic, quick, our server was funny. One thing I can say is that portions are huge. We had pop stickers, the "famous" salt and pepper squid, the orange chicken, which in my modest opinion  tasted like donuts. I had the Hong Kong style curry that was good but the overuse of cornstarch in the sauce was unappetizing, all the sauces had too much cornstarch, like the honey walnut shrimp which was really good but way too sweet. The fried rice was good. The best dish of all was a steamed clam dish, "yummy" and fresh, oh yes and no cornstarch. If you want a cheap dinner the place is great, go with a group, have fun, chow down.
Volumes could be written about the opaque style of service here which I really appreciated: tons of people wandering about but almost no one can provide the thing you want when you ask for it so they go find someone else (a different person each time) to fulfill the request. I had a weird feeling that the servers made us feel like we were their favorite table only because they hated every other table, but then when I looked around, I wondered if that was a deliberate ploy. Nonetheless, we really enjoy the food here both off the menu and from the dim sum carts. The clams with black bean sauce & peppers was a particular standout.
For Sarasota, this place is the bomb for authentic Cantonese style Chinese food. Reminds me of a place I used to love in Chicago's China town as a boy. Do yourself a favor and check out Dim Sum on the weekends!
Reluctant to go based on reviews on service. Glad we went, waited 20 minutes to be seated but had 4 people waiting on us once we were seated. Very professional wait staff day we went.  At first we were somewhat disappointed because we did not see dim sum carts but inquired and dim sum was offered any time made fresh to order. Took the Yelpers' advice and went for the S&P calamari- spectacular- I almost always get calamari where ever I go and this has to be some of the best. Seafood fried rice ordered as a side for husband who loves fried rice, and he felt it was the best ever. Lots of seafood, fresh light taste, delicious. Large order which we shared and he still had enough left over for a snack the following day. As for dim sum the Shu Mei and steamed scallop buns also excellent. Not so crazy about the bbq ribs in black bean sauce, but I didn't like it when I had it in Chinatown San Fran so it is just my personal preference. In my youth I spent 28 years in the restaurant business and word to the unsophisticated diner. If you go to a busy restaurant at peak hours don't be surprised if you have to wait or service is slower- wake up - it's busy!
Very very good after eating in china towns all over the country this place is like many in San Francisco  just plain good  I ve eaten here about a dz times n always good.   I ve just eaten at new P F Changs bistro  but can't do write up since yelp doesn't t have in system for Sarasota yet   Buti will tell you  PF Changs. 5 stars  for decor n 4 star for food  , Yummy is real. Not american style
This place was awesome! I didn't get our servers name but he was so friendly and knowledgable...and fun! I would so recommend to anyone looking for good Chinese. We had the Salt and pepper calamari, house lo mien and honey beef. So good!
The Best Chinese food EVER! House fried rice is great and I could eat the house lo main for ever!
Can't tell you how excited we were to know that Yummy House was opening in Sarasota.  We love dim sum, and have had great experiences in Hong Kong, San Francisco, Denver, and Miami.   Yummy House, which (to their benefit) has only been only a few days in Sarasota, serves dim sum, cart style, on the weekends, from 11am-3pm. We arrived at 11:30 and were seated promptly.  Fifteen minutes later, there was a line out the door.  Great to see that at least half the patrons were Asian............a great sign. First the good.  The dim sum is as good as any I have had.  Shu Mai, Scallops and Shrimp, custard cups, as light and flaky as they come. We tried 7 dishes, and all were superb. Good food, good service, and atmosphere are the keys to success in any restaurant.  Once again, only open a few days, and the food was great...............but the service is as bad as it gets. It is dim sum cart service.  In an  hour and a half, we saw the same cart twice, and the steamer cart once.  We weren't the only ones.  I heard other patrons complaining, and we saw large groups leaving in frustration.  At least 3/4 of the dishes served were ordered off the menu.   During the week, from 11-3pm, you can order dim sum off the menu..........no cart service.  But they do not offer this service on the weekend..............thus, most patrons, frustrated as we were, ordered off the menu. The manager came by, and we snagged his attention.  We were very polite, but very honest.  His response was condescending, and argumentative.  He said "it is a small place, and we only have two carts running........one a steamer cart."  He said.."I really don't see what the problem is".  Well, there's the problem..........management that talks but does not listen. I am not setting myself up as a restaurant expert or critic.  Simply a couple of folks who eat out several times a week, and have done so all over the world. We truly hope Yummy House gets their act together.  Either let folks order dim sum off the menu on the weekend................or have more carts running.  Or, as we have seen done in many other cities, the cart pushers ask if you want something, and then they go and get it.
Maybe I should wait until I try Yummy House again, which I will, but here is my first experience.  I read the reviews about the wait, so me and my friend arrived at 4:30 as we got there quicker then we intended.  Within 15 minutes the parking lot was full with people waiting on line for them to open at 5PM.  That is always a good sign. I had heard the service was not good.  That was not the case, they had plenty of staff and they were happy to answer questions.  I read of many great dishes, but was in the mood for traditional so I ordered Singapore noodles.  I thought it said it came with scallops, shrimp and pork.  What I got was a HUGE dish of vermacilli noodles with a few small shrimp and shreds of dry pork.  It was very dry and not spicy.  We had asked for spicy but the waitress said it was hot enough.   Looking around I saw many great dishes.  People looked like they knew what to order.  Everyone seemed to be getting appetizers and soups. Overall the staff was great, the atmosphere nice, portions generous.  But when I got home I reeked of fried food to the point I needed to shower and wash my clothes. I have heard too many good things about Yummy House and always give a place three times before I decide it's not for me.  I will go again, if not for take out.  I hear their salt and pepper shrimp are amazing.
Best dim sum and Chinese food in Sarasota (but that's not saying much). They have the carts on weekends for lunch. Line was always long whenever I've gone though.
I am sure the only authentic Chinese in the Sarasota area. Came for dim sum, very busy but food was good and staff very friendly which is not always the norm in a "real" Chinese restaurant. I will definitely be back next time I am in town.
WOW!! This is some serious Chinese food.  I have eaten on Mott street in NYC's Chinatown, and Yummy's quality and quantity rivals the restaurants there. Not very often do you see people lined up BEFORE a place opens, but you will here. Whatever the wait is, it is worth it. Great food, big portions, good servers and reasonable prices. We live fairly close and as we were leaving, I said to my wife "I honestly don't think I will ever eat Chinese food anywhere else as long as we live here." It is that good.
So far I have only been here once so I wish I could have more to say.  What I had was all really good.  Based on the reviews I ordered the s & p calamari.  The season and texture was everything that good reviews claimed it was.  A lot of breading for the amount of calamari but it was still a tasy appetizer.  Also ordered the grouper in xo sauce.  This dish was pretty amazing.  I am looking forward to the dim sum.  Pork Dumplings were good but unfortunately the jellyfish salad I wanted to try was not available.  Oh well, maybe next time.  Couldn't give it 5 stars for the mere fact you needed a snorkel to use their bathrooms.  Cmon guys this is a brand new establishment, why do the restrooms look like they are 50 years old.
um, just yes.  also, be prepared to wait.  wish they'd open another one on south side of town.
This was a very good restaurant. The place was packed with locals. The food was decent for beef and broccoli -and egg rolls
Food great. Business model extremely advantageous for maximizing restaurant profit but terrible for public relations. Management caters to the high turnover eat and beat it crowd to maximize revenue while they let the take out people vegetate for over an hour waiting for an order
Best Chinese food we could find in the area. Food is fresh and clean not sloppy or filled with MSG
The only dish of 4 we had that we liked were the pot stickers. The stuffed octopi were very SALTY with not much other flavor. The seaweed salad tasted like mildew smells, off. Szchezuan chicken just SALTY, little flavor and no spice. Asked the boss for chili oil, but it never arrived. Ginger beef was generally tasteless, leathery and too SALTY to eat,  big chunks of inedible ginger. Service was slow. Not recommended. We'll go back to our neighborhood place.
What a pleasant surprise! Great authentic Chinese food in Florida. Dim sum dishes are better than many in Boston.
Overall a great experience food is delish and inexpensive! Staff was friendly and attentive! Definitely recommend it here will definitely come back!!
This is the best place for chinese in SQR! Long wait but Def worth it!!!
Really good food at an awesome price and the portions are really generous. Just be sure to get there at least a half hour before close to be seated
Awesome food. Haven't had bad food experience. Recommend this place for dim sum in sarasota.  Best food, service is depending on how busy they are.  I went there 3 times. I Haven't  get bad service like other my friend told me.
I haven't eaten in the restaurant, so this review is for takeout only. I don't know if the restaurant is legit or not, but I will say that their takeout is hot and tasty - with fresh, crisp, veggies. We live ~20 minutes from the restaurant, but food is always hot when it gets home. Definitely try the salt and pepper calamari or tofu. Way more delicious than it sounds. The restaurant gets busy, so during season, you need to place your order a good hour before you want to pick it up. Sometimes they stop taking orders for a period of time until they can catch themselves up.
This place does not look like much when you drive up to it, but upon seeing the number of cars in the parking lot, you know that this is a good place. The decor inside is very nice, with real table cloths and even cloth napkins. The menu was very extensive, the majority of which was authentic Chinese dishes. Prices were incredibly reasonable and the portions were very generous. We started off with the salt-and-pepper calamari, due to numerous Yelp recommendations, and we were not disappointed. When it came out we were in awe, it was the size of an entree! We had more than our fill and still had half to take home. The only thing I was disappointed in was the seafood panfried noodles. It came with a brown sauce instead of the traditional clear sauce and was a little too sweet for my taste. This place is definitely one of the better authentic Chinese restaurants I've been to in Southwest Florida and I will definitely return. If you're looking for good, authentic Chinese food, give this place a try!
Finally, a high-quality Chinese restaurant in the Sarasota-Bradenton area.  We had heard and read of the advent of Yummy House restaurant and were looking forward to it with high hopes. We were not disappointed, rather overwhelmed. We don't know Hong Kong cuisine, so were confronted with a host of menu entries we did not recognize. We ordered based on our usual comparison standard - pot sticker dumplings, based on previous reviews - salt-and-pepper calamari, and our interest in spicy food - XO beef. The dumplings were perfect - browned and crisp on one side and steamy-chewy on the other; the salt-and-pepper calamari an astounding new experience with a sauce of toasted chopped garlic, scallions, cilantro and, no doubt, salt and pepper; The XO beef was not as spicy as we had expected but good beef in a tangy sauce with lots of fresh snow peas. We have barely scratched the surface of the very large menu but will be back again and again to plumb its depths. Earlier reviews of poor or rude service were either from very sensitive reviewers or the flaws have subsequently been addressed. Our service was courteous, friendly and above all attentive. The dining area was spacious with every table covered in clean white linen. After many disastrous attempts to put a successful business in this location, it looks like this will be the one that actually makes it for the long haul.
Sorry folks...authentic? Hardly. If you have had the pleasure of dining in China towns in SF, NY, Seattle etc. you will be sorely mistaken if you think you have found Authentic at Yummy House.  Firstly, the salt and pepper dishes are smothered in batter more like a tempura.  The spicy herb topping was lovely but it would better been served with the traditional light dusting of cornstarch and fried.  We were ten in our party.  Our table was ready, the staff efficient and friendly.  We ordered several dishes and shared.  Portions are generous.  The frogs legs ( we had them prepared two ways) were chopped into small pieces making it a nuisance extracting the small bones. Two different beef dishes were tender and vegetables perfectly cooked, the pork chop was cooked in an abundance of oil but tasty and tender, I don't eat gooey,sweet and sour  dishes so reserve opinion. Everything we were served was extremely over salted.  Of all the dishes the grouper was probably the tastiest but again very salty. I look forward to trying their dim sum and will keep an open mind. The ladies room at 6pm was clean except for towels around the baseboard collecting something but the men's room upon leaving was a disgrace.   Make your own judgement about the food but expect that it will be over salted.
I decided to get into Cantonese cuisine as I realized what a huge influence China has on our country. I mean, it's only appropriate that I pay respect to the cuisine from the country whom we owe more than $1.1 trillion to. That being said, I was simply thrilled when I heard Sarasota was receiving it's very own Yummy House! I have various lovers in Tampa, and they have all raved about the Yummy House up there. So this past Wednesday, my husband and I decided to rev up the old Rolls-Royce Phantom Coupe and take a leisurely drive over to the Sarasota Yummy House. Being that it was a weeknight and we arrived late since we had to make a pit stop to pick up a bottle of Dunn Howell Mountain Cabernet, we were seated right away. This restaurant is located on the north trail in an older building, but the inside has been very nicely remodeled, and I did not see any prostitutes roaming around outside which was refreshing! The food here is 100% delish. My husband and I are both Chinese food snobs, and we were impressed and pleased with our food. We began with an order of egg rolls and steamed dumplings, and they were delicious. The egg rolls are small, more like spring rolls....not the big, fried type that you receive from your typical take-out. I am obsessed with dumplings and loved the ones here. For our main meal, my husband went with the Mongolian Beef, and I ordered the Yummy Spicy Chicken. We also indulged in an order of Pork Fried Rice. My husband is very picky about his Mongolian Beef, and he loved it, and I sampled it as well. Quality beef was used, and the flavors were spot on. I greatly enjoyed my Yummy Chicken and highly recommend it. The fried rice was the best I have had aside from Japanese steakhouses. Finally, they give you so much food that there is more than enough to bring home to your staff, which is what we did. I simply cannot wait to return, so I can sample more items from the extensive menu. In the meantime, I am continuing my education with Rosetta Stone (Mandarin edition) so I can more smoothly communicate not just at Yummy House, but with all of our friends over in China in general.
The food is very good, but service seems questionable. Went in with a party for 12 at 530 and there was only 1 group waiting ahead of me. I thought I had it made but it wasn't so simple. First they notified me that it might be easier if go ahead and place an order to go. Seriously??? I have already told friends and family to meet here and my first interaction with the host and they tell me that I should get it to go? Hah ok well two hours later (while several more groups came in after me and was seated first mind you) we sat. We ate and everything was good. The brought us an appetizer half way into the meal which we sent back assuming they had the wrong table (hopefully we didnt order it and was charged for it). Once we finished eating before they could bag it up to go they brought out another dish we ordered.... mind you we had already finished at this point. Great food and I struggle on where to draw the rating lines when it comes to service but lets face it from the seating to order delivering it was a mess. Go when they are slow so that you are taken care of well! It was my idea to go here and I wont lie I felt  bad.
The food is far and above any Chinese food I have ever had.  I tried the salt and pepper tofu on my first visit and it was delicious.  I know some on Yelp have experienced poor service or trouble being seated at all but on my first visit my party of 4 was seated and served lunch within 20 minutes.  We had a visit from the manager prior to ordering to see if he could answer any questions about the dim sum menu we were looking over and he visited again during our meal to be sure all was well.  My second lunch time visit was a party of 3 on New Years Eve,  we waited approx. 10 minutes to be seated although there were 2 tables for 8-10 people empty and no other parties waiting.  After asking if we could sit at one of the large tables and expressing our willingness to share the table if others showed up they sat us right away.  We were brought menus and beverages right away but waited approx. 10-15 minutes with no other interaction with staff.  My daughter caught the attention of a passing waitress and she apologized and got our waiter right away.  Our food arrived in minutes and we also enjoyed items off the dim sum cart that was available on a Monday due to the holiday, the dim sum cart is normally only available at lunch on Saturdays and Sundays.  Again, everything we ordered was amazing.  My daughter really didn't believe me when I told her how good the food was, she must have thanked me 3 times during the meal for making her come along.  I took some left overs home and 2 days later I warmed them up and while my other daughter was doing some dishes I put a bite of Grouper with XO sauce in her mouth and I swear it no sooner hit her tongue and she said " oh my god that's amazing"!  Mom no longer had any leftovers....
This is a very good dimsum resto by any standards. We sat at the bar where a lovely waitress served us promptly, chatted, and more than earned the big tip we left. Good har gow, shu mai, bbq buns, etc.
Had lunch here today. Thought the food was VERY ordinary and can't understand all the rave reviews. Can anyone recommend a favorite dish?
Good......not great Asian food.    Yummy House has been so oversubscribed during evening hours that the experience suffers greatly.  Tables are crowded and anyone unlucky enough to be seated near the entry has people squeezed in next to them, staring at their meal.   The bar seats very few and takes space that would have better used in another way.   The tables in the aisle leading to the restrooms is an awful place to dine!   So basically, go during an off hour.
FINALLLY!!! A real authentic chinese place in Sarasota! We offically have all our culinary possibilities covered in the area now : ) So the salt and pepper calamari was out of this world! The hot and sour soup was the best ive ever had! The singapour noodles... AMAZING! I honestly cant tell you how happy it makes me that a place like this is now in sarasota. Ive tried every asian place looking for something authentic. This and Isan Thai fully satisfy my cravings for legit real amazing quality asian food!
First time we came we were turned away because it was 3 pm and they are closed from 3-5 pm. Even though the restaurant was full of people eating! We were kind of mad about this! We came the next day at 5 pm and the place was already packed! We were asked if we had reservations, we said no, but they seated us anyway. Our waiter was Robert and he was super friendly!  We had eggrolls, salt & pepper calamari, BBQ pork, chicken lo mein, short ribs with asparagus with white rice. More than enough food for 2 people, and it was only $47.00! We cannot say enough about the salt and pepper calamari! Excellent! Next time we are trying the salt and pepper scallops. Everything else was good too! Deducting one star for the ugly decor and dirty floor and flies buzzing around our table. If they wanted to make this a fine dining establishment, they need a different floor, wood or laminate wood would be nice. Right now its white tile with black dirty crevices. Also need pictures on the walls, ver bare. We will be back for the food! I would suggest you make a reservation! This place is always packed with lines out the door!
For Sarasota...five stars....lightyears ahead of any other chinese restaurant nearby.  It's new, it gets excellent reviews by our friends, it's mobbed....in fact we called for a reservation for 4 and were told that they were full until Jan 3.  We ate dinner there about a week ago and while they have the usual chinese/american dishes, they also have a wide choice of more interesting choices.  Prices are slightly high but portions are larger than usual so it's a wash in our book.  I tried the jellyfish appetizer because I had never had it and it was wonderful...very well seasoned.  The other dishes were also well spiced...not killer hot, but spicy enough for those that like spice...and of course there were mostly non spicy dishes as well.  Rice is an extra $1 per person...annoying, but it is what it is.  I highly recommend that you try Yummy House and if you have a wait, hang in there, it's worth it.
