Came here for a double date and it was wonderful. It's so welcoming and relaxing. I ate a turkey and ham sandwich with tea and it hit the spot. Definitely coming back again.
Sadly I have to downgrade The Loft to three stars. The reason? Well, the coffee is still good, and the food is the same. However, the cleanliness and general state of repair of the place slipped to less than desirable. Instead of chatting behind the counter, the working folks could get busy tidying up previous patrons' plates, refreshing napkin and condiment supply and ensuring all the fingerprints and general detritus are removed. The Loft feels just a fraction dirty, never a good impression for a food-serving establishment. My assessment is not based on a single visit. I chose to ignore this trend before but it is now unavoidable.
This is one of my favourite coffee haunts. The baristas are friendly & have great suggestions when it comes to deciding between the plethora of great flavors. I have tried the bananas foster, raspberry caramel, pumpkin chai-they're all delicious!!! The Irish fizz was interesting & worth a try at least once for the novelty. I keep coming back because of the variety-I like new flavors!!! The loft dawg was yummy. It did take a bit of time to make, so make sure you have ample time when ordering food. This is a place to savor.
Awesome place! Really nice for studying. Not crowded at all. They have a loft upstairs that has tables, couches and board games. It's one of the coolest, most unique coffee shops I've been to. Def beats the chain shops
Great coffee
Great local relaxed true coffee shop. Refreshing change from all the chains in this town! Unique.
Walking in my inhalation delivered the sweet aromatic velvet of fresh ground high quality coffee beans! I ordered my go to drink...Dirty Chai with almond milk.  My family ordered the Cubana. ...., .......we have all just moved here a week ago after living in Europe. Needless to say our taste buds have been treated to fine European expresso and coffees. .......The spiral staircase caught my eye as I took a seat and began to enjoy the first taste of my dirty chai, BAM!, then the creamy, smooth liquid hit my taste buds.....AMAZING! Every aspect of the drink was perfectly balanced! The taste of the incredible expresso blended perfectly with the cream and spices.  As an added bonus the temperature was at the perfect enjoy this now level. We found this wonderful place by doing a coffee search on google maps. This visit was around $25 for a chocolate Cresent, a smoothie, 2 Cubanas and a dirty chai. They also provide free Wi-Fi. The area around appears to have many out of business properties and this may stop some folks from visiting, but don't let your taste buds miss out.
My husband and I decided to check out the Coffee Loft before heading back to Miami from our weekend trip to Sarasota. We planned to just pop in for a second and head out on the road, but we totally got stuck because this place is pretty cool. We felt so relaxed that we ended up staying a while. We got some couches by a window and enjoyed our time sipping some tea. We are tea people, and the tea selection is awesome. There is a TWO-SIDED TEA MENU! What?! Herbals, black, white, oolong, whatever you're in the mood for. We chose ours (a couple of different white teas) and were pleasantly surprised by the little mini teapots for one that we were given. We could probably have shared one (especially before getting in the car for 4 hours), but it was also fun to try each other's. The Coffee Loft was established by a community church. We popped in on a Sunday, and when we went upstairs to explore the loft, there was a group of young adults/college students watching a church service on a large screen. The group was offering free waffles for students as well. This seems like a great place to hang out or study, or perhaps even meet people if that's what you're looking for. I'm glad we found it!
I love me some Starbucks but this morning I was up a bit early and wanted to break away from the norm so I looked up local coffee places on Yelp and stumbled upon the Coffee Loft not too far from my apartment.   Upside it is cute, parking, different than the main stream with different flavored coffee options. Downside it was kind of in the middle of no where, ran out of breakfast sandwiches. I will definitely be back when my energy levels are low!
What a great coffee shop!!! I love how the second floor of the place is spacious, clean, and chill with couches, chairs, tables and plenty of ambient light. I had the all-nighter latte which was well made and a killer $5 turkey pesto panini. Highly recommend!
This is a wonderfully air-conditioned oasis in the tourist and art Mecca known as Sarasota. My double espresso was sufficiently heart-accelerating and we enjoyed both the soup and panini. Hint: Brie makes everything yummy. Up the spiral staircase is a wonderful loft, which plenty of spots to relax in comfort. The coffee is sourced from a local roaster, Java Dawg. It brings a fine, sophisticated, smooth flavor without any of the burnt-to-a-crisp taste Starbucks aficionados are so used to. Try it! You'll like it!
WHY!!! Why isn't there a place like this near me? I would be there almost daily. I am totally digging this place. Cute little loft with tons of windows, chill people and a bright environment. The coffee is pretty darn good and even cheaper than your chain shops. I walked in knowing I wanted coffee but since I was out of town I asked the girls behind the bar to suggest some drinks that's unique and not available in Tampa. I am going to butcher the names but we ended up getting three different drinks, All Nighter which is a combination of expressos, a drink with white chocolate and raspberry (super yummy) and last something sunrise ?? Not too sure but all the drinks were superb and price was very reasonable! Like the business's name Coffee Loft this is a loft style business. There's an second floor which you climb a circle staircase to get too which was pretty cool. There's plenty of tables and chairs and also tons of entertainment when you need a break from studying or a few games with a friend. The loft has windows everywhere which I absolutely love. The natural sunlight really brightens up the room. There's also a little stage on the second floor for bands and poetry reading perhaps? I'm a big fan of coffee shops and I approve :D!
There are very few locally owned coffee shops in the Bradenton and Sarasota area.   I just recently heard about The Coffee Loft a few days ago, and decided to give them a try after eating at the new Yummy House.   I am extremely impressed with Coffee Loft! This old and tired location received a major facelift.  I have never seen a local coffee shop with all new furniture and flooring.  The lighting and temperature are even perfect.  I highly recommend sitting on the second floor for more of a "big city" feel--- reminds me of the coffee shops I frequent in downtown Montreal.  The outdoor patio seating is well shaded by trees. The coffee is yummy and they do not up-charge for different types of milk or sweeteners.  The pastries are either baked fresh or purchased from a local German bakery.  The hot tea selection is also impressive. Make sure to check their website for special deals.  One night a week, they serve FREE dinner to college students.
Cool place, great vibe, super friendly staff.  Made me an Americano that was to die for.  It's a very hip 2 story student hang out.  A little out of the way for me, but I was passing through and thought I'd give it a try.  I was glad I did.  Will for sure pop in next time passing through.
FLAVOR All I've had were the specials which were more expensive of course, but still very enjoyable. There's also the option of "icing" any coffee. I like my coffee cold and the result still retained its creaminess--took a while to feel watered down. The flavored coffees are described well because you can taste each individual flavor added. AMBIANCE It's like you're entering a house from the outside. Inside-- the environment welcomes studying and laptop working. Upstairs spawns conversation especially through a small stage in the back. There's something about second floors that make people want to gaze outside the window--unfortunately the view is just a busy road. SERVICE The servers are willing and innocently helpful--although we heard them squeal once they didn't know how to make my drink to each other.
Just a little north of The Ringling. We are from Florida's East Coast and were so happy to find this unique cafe gem on the deadness of Tamiami Trail.  Awesome coffee, lattes, scones,cinnamon buns & breakfast panni's -oasis to our hunger and the icky Holiday Inn bfast bar.  Very nice staff and funky environment.  Of note - be patient - a little bit of a wait as there is a light staff and they make everything fresh by hand.  Worth the wait and very enjoyable experience.
Great, funky spot near the airport. Roomy, relaxed, decent coffee, friendly staff. Very good.
Traveling through Sarasota, this spot is an oasis. Enough space to find your own, conversive staff, and good, cheap coffee ($2 double espresso, yes!). I was initially turned off by all the new flooring and furniture, thought myself too congenial for the ambiance, but once I settled in and heard that the entire spot had to be renovated to make it usable again, I appreciated the amount of effort. Atmosphere is very individualized, with the small details in each corner that make you appreciate the diversity of appeal, with message boards, unique mugs, and a spiral staircase upstairs that looks great. The stage and creative nights keep it vibrant and accessible, and hot food is available throughout the day (bottled juices in the fridge). Very affordable, fast wifi, and adjacent leather couches make for a great on-the-go living room. The customers have typically been active retirees, university students and family, and younger working types. Only place I consistently go to that doesn't make me feel out of place in an area so greatly composed of Baby Boomers. Will frequent often when in town!
This is such  a cool place. Great expresso (and I am picky!) , yummy baked goods and a nice selection of different lunch/bfast options. The staff is very nice. I learned by reading the materials that this is an offshoot of an area church and when I asked, they explained their mission, the causes they support with the shp profits, etc...without making me feel recruited. I was glad I randomly chose this place to have a quick bite while on my vacation. I am from Ohio - too bad, I will have to wait a year to come back!
As a commercial pilot I get to hit lots of local mom and pop type restaurants and shops across the country, This coffee shop is OUT STAND ING...!!!   I arrived this morning at 9:40 had to wait 10 minutes just to order (since there was only one hipster working) but the wait is Soooo worth it...AMAZING coffee..!
"Hip" place, clean, guy was nice, but really, really awful coffee. I couldn't even finish half of my iced coffee. The treats and snacks looked sub par as well.
This quaint coffee shop was just what we needed during that afternoon lull. Lots of drink options and friendly staff. What makes this place special is the upstairs loft accessed by a spiral staircase. Choose from several tables or get comfortable on the couches. I think this would be a great place for reading, conversing or catching a random open mic.
This place is da bomb! Our first time here. Very cool barista. The coffee is very good. I had a large latte.  Unlike brand x, their large is a triple shot for only $3.85. We´ll certainly be back. Great find!
My family and I LOVE this place.... The staff is friendly and patient... The Caramel Macchiato is amazing!!
I stopped here the other day and I really enjoyed it. (Well...the couple in love by me who kissed every second were a smidge distracting...but go them. New lil Lovebirds.) It was a clean coffee shop with pleasant decor and a friendly, helpful staff. I ordered a large Soy Carmel Latte. It was well made and yummy. I also got a salad and it was fine. A good size but overpriced in my opinion. I would have preferred a Lara Bar or Kind Bar but the only gf option was a candy bar or a salad. I went with the healthier (though less exciting) option. If they would have had more gf options (especially if they offered Udi's or a local gf bakery treats) then I would have given them all five stars. With a lot of college kiddos around and just Celiac Disease being more known it'd be wise of them to offer those choices!
Better than Starbucks because it's local! Nice service, good coffee, neat upstairs area to do some work or have a small meeting.
This place is a gem! They offer a lot more than just coffee...( teas... Muffins.. Pastries... Paninis... sandwiches ) you name it. Everything we've tried so far was delicious.. We usually go there for our Sunday coffee.. And hop on upstairs to their cozy hangout area and just sit and relax ... You'll see people studying... Watching tv.... Playing cards and other board games.. It feels like you are just hanging out at someone's house. Whether you need some privacy or just looking for a place to hang out... I definitely recommend the coffee loft.
The only bad thing about the Coffee Loft is its location. The North Trail is not exactly the first place I would pick to start a new business. That said, it is worth the trip. It's a great place for a coffee and the staff is friendly and takes the time to make your drink perfect every time. There are plenty of places to sit, unlike the local Starbucks. And the bakery items and soups are excellent. I highly recommend this place, as Sarasota desperately needs more independent coffee shops.
The Coffee Loft has everything you could ask for in a local cafe. Coffee beans roasted locally and baked goods from a nearby German bakery is the the start of all things that make this place awesome. As a nonprofit they donate all proceeds to a program called "Charity Water". The layout and seating is about as ample, comfortable, and available as one could ask. The fact that almost every table has an electrical outlet withint an arms reach is the key factor in making this one of the best coffee shops around. I have been to too many shops that have only one outlet with people constantly eyeballing that table or a few too sparse with no tables nearby. They really did their research and came up with a winning combination as far as what it take to make a top notch coffee shop. With that end of Sarasota growing more and more sparse I get the feeling that they are not going anywhere and will be pivotal in the rebirth of that end of the North Trail. They also have a tv upstairs and several board games to choose from not to mention the live music and other offerings. Its hard to think of why a coffee shop should get 5 stars normally, but for The Coffee Loft it is hard to think of why it should not get five stars. I have no problem driving from the other side of Sarasota past a dozen different cafes just to enjoy the atmosphere they are offering.
