seafood is very fresh & tasty! their seafood chowder is VERY thick but still nice. also tried the fried shrimp, haddock fish & chips and grouper reuben, all pretty good. portions are moderate.
wow... they actually have real grouper here! haha!
I live in New England on Nantucket Island and most Florida seafood restaurants are disappointing. Captain Brian's is the BEST I've had in The Sarasota area. The restaurant is nothing fancy, but everything is fresh, lightly battered and cooked perfectly. They have a large selection of seafood from Florida, New England and around the US. The fried oysters are incredible! Everything is fantastic and reasonably priced. Besides the restaurant they have a fish market, and even carry Nantucket Bay Scallops when they're in season. I come to this restaurant every time I'm in the area. I tell all my friends to come here when they're in Sarasota. They are open for lunch and dinner.
Based on Yelp reviews we stopped in when our other plans went awry. Our party of eight was seated promptly at a round table by the massive fish tank. I love restaurants that double as markets, especially seafood markets. You are practically guaranteed a fresh meal, prepared by folks who really know the food. Every member of our party was very happy with their meal. Some of the standout dishes were: The haddock basket (fish and chips with slaw) - best f&c I've had in years. The Grouper Reuben - an odd but delicious twist The Seafood Chowder - scallops, shrimp and crab The shucked oysters- they were huge! Everything was cooked to perfection, the fish flakey and moist. Everyone loved the slaw, which was lightly dressed, allowing the flavors of the vegetables to take center stage. The only complaint I heard at our table was that the portion size of the steak fries (chips) was lacking. But for me, the amount of fries that accompanied my haddock equaled at least a whole baked potato and were just right. Don't expect a classy joint. This place is focused on the food. Which is fine by me, since you can't eat decor.
I am not a huge seafood person, so this is on my husband's thoughts. Seafood prices are very high for this old timer spot on 41 behind the airport. The service was not impressive. Seems to be a favorite among a local gathering of seniors. We were the youngsters in the place. The tables are nicely spaced and the kitchen is open diner style. Salad bar mostly of same old stuff. This is good for someone who wants seafood and doesn't want to drive 15 minutes south or north. Not for us.  Huge fish tank too.
Excellent, fresh seafood and salad bar. Wonderful service every time.
My brother lives in Bradenton and I visit him regularly.  I have been dining at. Captain Brian's for years starting when they were more fish market than restaurant.  I love it and it is a must whenever I am in Bradenton.  The fried oysters are absolutely wonderful! The decor has improved over the years but it is definitely not a fancy place.  However, if you want fresh seafood that is expertly prepared at a good price served by courteous, attentive servers this is the place for you........and me.
Go to one of the many other fish restaurants in Sarasota instead. I went here for lunch with my mom. The fish was alright but the grouper was overcooked. The staff was rude, nasty and unaccommodating. It was pretty expensive for small portions and a dumpy little place. My mom ordered grouper for $14 and it came with a substantial amount of black beans with minced onion and peppers. We tried the black beans and they were completely cold and uncooked, as if straight from a can. It was just really gross and unappealing. We asked the waitress if we could have something else and she offered items from the very small, also unappealing salad bar that already came with the meal. She said the beans were just a garnish and not meant to be eaten, "just for color." We asked if they could cook the beans and she offered to microwave them. Ok, fine, microwave them.
Maybe because of slow season, but just didn't measure up. You'd think they could do their best with so few customers! Calamari and oysters lacking in seasoning, (maybe for the older patronage taste,) and too oily; fry oil was not hot enough. Salad bar of limited items. Cole slaw also lacked taste. On the plus side; attentive wait staff.
How do they do it?? A seafood market and restaurant that not only has no fish smell inside, there wasn't any outside, even around the building. Clear commitment to quality seafood, freshness and cleanliness.
No ambience. Service marginal. Reason for the 4 stars is food alone. I am well traveled and was starving when I got to Sarasota. This place is a stones throw from airport. Probably best blackened grouper I have ever had. Oysters, for being fried, were tasty as well. Was here for lunch.
If you love seafood, this is the place to go in Bradenton. If you only like seafood, Captain Brian will show you what there is to love about it. This restaurant gets for stars from me, as I'm a vegetarian and there is only one option for me...the salad bar, which is a mighty tasty salad bar, but a non-changing, simple salad bar nonetheless. This place is very busy for the lunch hour and during season at dinner. Great specials and early birds. You don't get to eat the tropical fish in the giant tank...no worries.
Service was excellent. Food was really just OK. If I rated Capt. Brian's on food alone, it's a 2. The seafood chowder was mostly fake crab "stuff". I had the mixed grill which had Tuna-way overcooked ( I asked for rare) Swordfish- rubbery and Salmon- tasteless. The salad bar was adequate but limited. I would probably come back, and that's based on service, but would try something else.
Not many options if you don't eat seafood. What they do have is pretty good.
When I first moved to the area, I thought that the Anna Maria Oyster Bar just up the street to the North would be the "go to" seafood restaurant.  It certainly looks the part. Thank goodness, however, that an associate at work had told me that he and his wife had "rediscovered" Capt. Brian's Seafood, where they had not eaten for the past 18 years.  Since that time about five years ago, it has been my seafood restaurant of choice, especially when family comes into town. It's right next to the airport, but does not get overrun with airport noise.  It is neither fancy nor conspicuous.  They often have a wait of 10 to 30 minutes, which must mean that I am not the only person that appreciates the quality of the food here. There are plenty of "special" items, depending upon what has come in recently.  Don't be surprised that the later you come in the evening, the more items on their special list are gone for the day.  They also have a takeout area for raw food, but I'm not sure about cooked. Do you want scallops to grill at home that are the size of your fists?  Capt. Brian's sells them.  Do you want cold smoked sable to put on your bagels and cream cheese?  Capt. Brian's sells this too.  Many other seafood offers abound in their cold case, which is all too convenient to peruse while you are waiting for your table. They have an obligatory salad bar, which will get you the greens that your mother recommends, but is little more than that.  They have side items including potatoes in many forms, cooked vegetables, rice, etc., and these are generally average - but don't place too much creed on this.  One thing I will mention, though, (and that I make sure to have any time I see it on the menu) is their wild mushroom soup.  I don't think there is a lick of seafood in it, but it's one of the best mushroom soups I've ever had anywhere. What really shines at Capt. Brian's is the seafood.  Their fish is fresh in presentation, with good feel, color, and absent odor.  Whether you want your food baked, grilled, fried, steamed, or any other preparation, they are generally "right on the mark" with both the cooking and the seasoning.  Be it steamed clams or cobia or trout or tilapia or grouper or shellfish or any of many variants of salmon , the offerings are numerous, varied, and delectable. While the atmosphere never makes my ears or eyes smile while I am there, my stomach always smiles all the way home and for several hours thereafter.
Positives:  The service was good. The grilled grouper was good. Veggies ok. Salad bar ok. Negatives:  Don't order the crabcakes. It was all filler and I don't know what kind of crab meat was in it. I never found any.
The fish is always the most delicious I've had and the simple preparations highlight the freshness.  The salad bar is just what I like and the dressings taste homemade.  You don't go here for the ambience...you go for great food and friendly service.  I've been going to this place for many years and it NEVER disappoints me.  Try the sautéed red snapper...sweet and yummy!
Another one of my grandparents favorite watering holes. And I have to say, it actually is quite good! First of all, in no regards to the food, I love the huge fish tank in the center of the restaurant. I would love it if they had 50 fish instead of 12 as it would be far more interesting but Ill take all the fishies I can get! As far as the foods, you can order your choice of many dinners that comes with salad bar, entree and a few sides. The salad bar is a little boring for my liking. I dont care for garbanzo beans or pickled beets but this is a grandparents kind of town and codgers (how my grandmother references old people) love that crap. Dinner came out in decent time. My salmon was incredible. It was a huge piece which, of course, your fat author devoured. (: Instead of rice or a potato, I had double vegetables with my dinner. They were good, mostly carrots which doesnt bother me but drove my grandmother nuts. She got blackened grouper which I had never tried before. AWESOME. It is so incredible. I think I would honestly get that next time over salmon and I normally dont like white fish! The grandpa doesnt like fish (go fig!) so he got a burger which was really good. It had a great bun and it sounds strange but the bun really makes the burger. It was good. Definitely a grandparents kind of place but hey, Im a grandparents girl so Ill take it! (:
First stop in Sarasota? Food. But where does a family of four (plus an uncle) turn to just after they've just touched down in Sarasota? Yelp (thanks to free Wi-Fi at Sarasota Airport). Which Yelper comes through with a seemingly custom-made list for the said family of four plus one? Steve M. Excitement levels for trying out Captain Brian's Seafood Market & Restaurant? My .8 Year Old Niece: N/A My 3.75 Year Old Niece: N/A My Sister: 3/5 My BIL: 5/5 Me: 5/5 Satisfaction ratings after trying Captain Brian's Seafood Market & Restaurant? My .8 Year Old Niece: N/A My 3.75 Year Old Niece: 5/5 My Sister: 3/5 My BIL: 5/5 Me: 5/5 Clearly, my .8yo niece doesn't really eat real food, so she went on munching on Cheerios and other baby-stuff that my sister packed for her. My 3.75yo niece enjoyed the salmon dish she shared with my sister.  My sister wasn't too impressed, since the fish was a bit overcooked and she'd only ordered it for her daughter.   On the other hand, we all enjoyed the lobster & mushroom bisque.  There were huge piece of lobster - most of which ended up in my niece's little mouth - and it was the best lobster bisque I've ever had. My BIL went with the crab cake sandwich that he could not stop raving about. I had the grouper Reuben that I couldn't stop raving about.  Possibly the best "Reuben" ever. The service was so friendly that we all looked at each other slightly puzzled.  I guess we're not used to Southern Hospitality. Not to be a discriminatory bastard, but when we initially walked in, I thought we'd entered the dining hall of a nursing home.  Even though I'm not a gambling man, I'll bet a lot of money that the food at Captain Brian's is at least 112 times better than what they serve in nursing homes. Hop on the plane and head to Sarasota.  Captain Brian's crew awaits to serve you.
I have been putting off this review for a while because I really don't know what to say about this place.  I feel bad because they are trying to really hard to please their customers, but maybe I am just not one of their customers.  It is what you would expect a seafood restaurant to look like, nets hanging on the walls and taxidermy fish.  The dining room is clean and there are many customers at all open hours.  They have a partially open kitchen in the back and a large bar with quite a few beer options on tap.   The Fried Calamari $7.95 was excellent.  It was tender and the batter was light, and the marina dipping sauce is not needed because the flavor is just right.  The Mushroom and Crab Bisque ($4.50 cup) was delicious for those who like creamy soups.  There was not much meat in the soup, and a large amount of dry sherry.  After eating the cub of soup and some bites of calamari, I started to feel a little nauseous and was not too welcoming to the entrée.  Our meals came with the not-too-good-looking salad bar, which had very few items and looked kind of scary.  I had the potato salad and pasta salad off of it, and I wish that I had saved stomach space for something else entirely because it was very bland and moved my stomach to another level of queasiness with the mayonnaise on top of the cream and oil from calamari. My entrée was Stuffed Sole ($16.95) that came completely drowned in butter, not a butter sauce but liquid butter (photo).  It was seriously floating in it and could not escape.  I tried to take the fish out of the butter bath, but it proceeded to disintegrate even with my delicate touch.  I took a few bites and moved on, to the potato and never came back because I was too grossed out.  I look at it as almost $20.00 wasted.   The Grilled Yellowfin Tuna ($17.95) was not bad, if you just want to taste fish with no seasoning and just a grilled taste.  Some people like the clean taste of fresh fish with nothing interrupting the flavor.  Not only did it taste healthy, but it was a large portion for the price and had excellent flavor without spice.  The Snapper Sandwich did not hold together well, so the meat was just eaten with a fork and the bun was discarded.   I recommend to avoid anything with sauce on it, or get the sauce on the side and test it before your food floats in it.  And, avoid the salad bar. Total was $60.00 before tip.  And, I had a long flight to catch immediately following that kicked off an entire weekend walking around New York City with a stomach ache that I could not shake.  I still managed to have a great time, even with Captain Brian's Seafood haunting me.
Not going to return to this place. If you prefer your food to have some flavor (any flavor), this restaurant will not satisfy you. I had the Crab Cakes, which were barely crisp on the outside and bland pulp on the inside. My sides were steamed vegetables (which looked like they had been through a wood chipper and were steamed hours and hours ago) and "steak fries" which were actually hard potato wedges (also cooked hours in advance). She had the Tilefish, which had no sauce or seasoning, and her Rice Pilaf which was unremarkable. The quality of the fish itself was fine, but just a little sauce or some seasoning would have done the trick. It seems like the dishes are prepared for people who think Pepper would be an assault to their senses. It cost more than it should have for what was prepared. The decor was sad and since there's a fish market inside, the smell of fish (raw) hits you in the face as soon as you step inside.
4-1/2 stars? (at this time) Can it be true for a little place with no atmosphere, in a blah area and next to a freakin' airport? Yes, my friends.....if you are in this area and seek seafood, this should be your first stop.  5 stars from me. Seating was easy, waitresses are indeed super friendly and the food is superb! The salad bar comes with your meal. As mentioned grab the pickled herring AND also try the pickled muscles. If all you are used to is muscles with marinara sauce, don't be a baby... TRY IT! They are as awesome as the herring! Meals are filling, fresh, with simple , yet exquisitely tasteful recipes.  The Artic Char, Mixed Grill (Salmon, swordfish, tuna on my day), Homemade Seafood chowder (filled with great seafood in a new englandy bisquey chowder) were all just marvelous. And, yes , we went back a second day for the equally delightful stuffed flounder and blackened grouper. The price (VERY reasonable)  and food cannot be beat. If you love seafood, this is the place to go!
Can't say enough about how good everything was.  Cole slaw on salad bar was so good I could have made a meal of it.  Hand breaded fresh oysters fried to perfection.  Light pan seared snapper that melts in your mouth.  Whole belly Ipswich fried clams that make you think you are on Cape Cod.  Wow!   What are you still doing reading this. Get up and get to Captain Brian's.  Sit at the bar and avoid the wait.
I was looking for restraunt with a view.  This came up. We have eaten here. Great food......the view is of US41 or Sarasota/Bradenton airport.
Is this a restaurant or a retirement home?!?!?! I am not crazy about the food at Captain Brians.  The fish is drenched in butter while the vegetables are steamed until they are bland and flavorless.  I have ordered the shrimp scampi and the seafood combo platter in the past and both meals were just so-so. Maybe the kitchen holds off on the spices because the typical diner here is 65+?  (The one exception to the bland menu are the blackened seafood dishes.) The prices are very reasonable and the fish is of great quality, but when you get bland food and bland atmosphere what is the point?  I'd eat here again if my in-laws were treating me to a free meal, but this is one of my least favorite places to dine at in Sarasota.
Captain Brian's is a wonderful place to eat. If you can get past the sometimes ridiculous line to get a seat (sometimes up to an hour in season), you will not be disappointed.  The fish is fresh, and prepared simply, and well.  Portions are a good size and if you're still hungry, the all you can eat salad bar hits the spot just right. Whenever I come to Sarasota, I eat at Brians.
This is as good as it gets, a fresh fish restaurant with a fish market.  Don't let the decor throw you off, yes it is straight from the 80's with the obligatory pics on the walls, the huge fish tank in the middle of the restaurant area and fishing paraphernalia scattered around. Salad bar is a part of the meal, has all the basics but also pickled herring!  Dinner also has sides of at least 4 potatoes, rice and several veggie choices. All local food in season when possible. But the fish, prepared the way you like it....tastes like it just came off the boat. My spouse had the stuffed sole, I had the tuna, medium rare with wasabi on the side. Service is excellent, what a breath of fresh air to have service allowing the food to sell itself, just letting you know the choices so that you got what you wanted. Suggested lightly blackened, which was perfect for me. Waitress told us, pie was sold out, but then managed to find a sliver left over so we got to share a taste. I am a fresh fish fanatic, have had enough overcooked or frozen fish to last a life time from some of the "best" restaurants.  I just wished I lived here so I could enjoy this year round.
My husband and his family used to eat here often so when we were in the area it was definitely on our list. My husband ordered the Whole Fried Clams. He said they were perfect, even down to the sandy belly. He ate every bite. The Seafood Chowder was very good. However, my crab cakes tastes like crunchy sponges. I could find a bit of crab in them, but most of it was filler. They were TOO fried, if that is possible. There was nothing light and flavorful to these crab cakes at all. I couldn't distinguish any individual flavor aside from the Old Bay seasoning. My side of well done fries were soggy potato oil slicks. Onto the salad bar. You call that a salad bar? 'Nuff said.
Oh boy....that smoked salmon....wowww
Fried fish was good.  Veggies were bland and overcooked. Portions were small for the price. Service wasn't terribly friendly.  Decor is typical Florida tacky. Vinyl tablecloths, plastic cups, etc.   Bathrooms were clean.  Overall, not bad, there are better options out there.
Best RESTAURANT EVER!  This is my favorite seafood place.  It has been in the community for such a long time, and is truly outstanding.  You know your seafood is fresh off the boat, the restaurant itself also serves as a fish market.  The salad bar here, is the best in the world.  You have to see it to believe it.  The grouper Rueben is the best sandwich I've ever had. The service is as outstanding as  the food.  Thanks, Captain Brian!!! We will be back again, nest week.
Freshest seafood in Florida, friendly laid back atmosphere , great service. Daily specials that are constantly changing with the season., I find it really funny that these supposed "reviewers" that have something super negative to say surprisingly never write good reviews or came on to yelp just to write a bad review for captain Brian's a top rated family owned restaurant that has been in business for 27 years and would never slander a less successful competitor, by going on to yelp and writing fake reviews. Hint hint.
Oh boy hmmmm this place was a huge miss. After reading the reviews we decided to check this place out being that it was super close to our hotel. They open late and close kinda early and there is ample parking out front. The decor is nice but that where is stops. Over cooked, Cold, and just plain no good. And that was for both our dishes and appi's. The waitress made everything sound so good and bragged how fresh everything was. I would hope so with the Gulf Coast a mile or less away. Well no not really. Anyway it could have been way better. Way way better.
My parents told me about Captain Brian's a long time ago as the place to get the best (and most reasonably priced) lobster around. After picking up Gabriel's brand new car at Honda nearby in Bradenton, and before going to spend a fun day at the Ringling Museum, we decided it was the perfect opportunity to try it out for lunch. We parked and went in to find a restaurant and fish market with very dated decor. There is a great, big, fish tank smack in the middle of the room, dark wood tables and chairs and light peach tablecloths and booths.  The rest of the patrons were mostly 70+ years old, and seemed to all be regulars. We were seated in a booth right away and the very warm and welcoming waitress brought us ice water and menus. We looked over the menus which were filled with great sounding lunch options for around $8-$13 each. Most of them come with a side or two, and I was happy to find out that one of them could be the salad bar. I LOVE salad bars. I easily made my choice of a lobster roll which came with steak fries and cole slaw, and I went up to get my salad. The salad bar was small, but full of fresh lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, chick peas, potato salad, pasta salad, cole slaw, beets, olives, and more. I could probably have made a lunch of that pretty easily but saved room for my highly anticipated lobster roll. It came out soon after I finished my salad and was bursting at the seams with huge chunks of lobster. I'm used to paying far too much for a skimpy rolled filled with more mayo than seafood and this was a VERY pleasant surprise. The lobster itself was amazing. Sweet, perfectly cooked, and lightly dressed with mayo. The roll fell apart almost immediately, but 'too much lobster' is really not a reason to fault a falling-apart roll in my book. The thick cut steak fries were a great side, along with the fresh cole slaw. After we polished off our rolls, we decided to split the banana split pie, mostly because I'm a sucker for a dessert I've never had before- and especially when it includes fudge and ice cream in a chocolate cookie crust. It had very thin layers of sliced bananas on top of the crust, then 3 flavors of ice cream, then a thin layer of ooey, gooey, sticky, delicious fudge, and then whipped cream on top with chocolate shavings to complete the deliciousness. YUM. We cleaned our plate super fast with this one. I must say again that our waitress was really friendly, sweet and warm. I felt like a regular even though this was our first visit. With service like that, it's no wonder that people return over and over again. I'm sure we'll be back soon, certainly not for the old-age home type decor, but absolutely for the great service, fair prices and wonderfully fresh seafood.
One of my favorite restaurants in the universe.  The main point is, the fish is as fresh as it gets, and prepared very simply, which means you can taste the freshness without it being overwhelmed by seasonings.  I had red snapper which tasted as though it had just been caught.  An additional point - the salad bar means that you don't have to sit endlessly waiting for something to start eating.  You can eat salad right after ordering!  And finally, the simple and pleasant decor ensure that you can just be yourself and enjoy the amazing food!
I've been coming here for years, and I've never been disappointed.  Do not expect atmosphere!! It's all about the quality , and great prices!!  And yes, Rachel's review says it all so well.  $43 for dinner and salad bar for 2 with 4 glasses of wine.
A few comments -   #1- who orders fish and chips at a seafood restaurant?   #2- NEVER order any fresh fish stuffed and expect it to not be sweet and swimming in butter. Bottom line - I have lived here for 25 plus years and for the price, this is far and away the best seafood place in town. It would be 5 stars if it wasn't such a pain to get to. And yes the decor is cheesey as well as the salad bar. Oh well !!
Reliable seafood at good prices. Decent free salad bar with all entrees. Very bland veggies accompany meals.  Potatoes are fine though.  The 2 lb. lobster specials are really nice at under $30.  CLOSED SUNDAYS. No water view,  but conveniently located between Bradenton and Sarasota.
Great grouper!.....$2.95 Harpoon IPA's! Can't beat that!
I love Captain Brian's food.  My favorite is the blackened red snapper which is always cooked to perfection.  The salad bar is old school and the steak fries are some of the best I have ever eaten.  Think baked potato inside with crispy exterior.  Service is a bit laid back but the food always comes out piping hot.   You will not be disappointed.
FRESH! The grouper came right off the boat & into my tummy. They sell the fish there too. Wonderful specials & good prices. Not exactly a prime location, next to the Airport on the Tamiami Trail, but the food is good and it has really grown throughout the years. 1st time I went there Granary was still next door.
This restaurant has a nice layed  back atmosphere. It's also a fish market . There's a salad bar and it is nice and fresh. I recommend the soft shell crab and the blackened swordfish.
Nothing fancy, populated by an older local crowd. Reasonable prices. Salad bar was small but good. I had fried seafood dinner that included Grouper, shrimp, scallops, crab cake and a side. Grouper was the best thing on the plate. Crab cake was the worst (mostly bread). If I was to go again I would get just the Grouper and salad bar.
In town on business and didn't know where to eat. Stumbled on Capt. Brian's and found a treasure! Don't judge a book by it's cover. Unassuming outside and honestly an ugly interior but the food is outstanding! The service is friendly and fast. Strongly recommend the tuna appetizer. The snapper is outstanding and the seafood platter is great. I'd give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the ugly tablecloths!
My family and I went to captain Brian's tonight and got there around 5:30, after waiting 45 minutes we finally got our seat, after finally receiving our food half of the entrees where wrong or had no flavor at all.  The funny thing is captain Brian's sells zatarans,old bay, Cajun seasons etc and they do not use any on there food.  When my wife tried to complain to the manager on duty she was told there is no manager and that there was no one to talk with about our bad experience.  It is sad that an owner would not care about there place on a sat night during season.  On a good note the waitress was great and the host was amazing.  Other than that someone call gordon ramsey cause this place is ga ga garbage.
We've been coming to Captain Brian's since they were mostly a seafood store, and they never disappoint. Great simple salad bar, large selection of seafood with plenty of variety (and good variety for land lovers too), and friendly service. Grouper melt is great, their specials are great, tuna appetizer is great...well everything we've tried is great! It can get very crowded in the winter with our northern visitors, but who can blame them for finding the best seafood restaurant around?!
The Yelp reviews are spot on.  No frills, good service, and great food!
I'm going back again tomorrow night!!!  There is nothing better than fresh seafood, period!  The service is excellent, all of the waitresses have been there for at least 14 years.  Great food, great service, great prices.  To get this type of food anywhere else, I'm sure you would pay almost double.  Don't go for the atmosphere, clean and simple, just great food....oh yeah, did I mention the food, it's awesome!!!!
My fave place in Sarasota!! Not fancy. Don't let the decor scare you away. The fish is SO fresh. It's so good you can eat it plain. You don't need any sauce or anything. That's the mark of fresh fish. The staff is great, especially El and Don. They are very accommodating with food allergies. I'd eat there every night if I could!!
Our family spent the afternoon at Siesta Beach and tried to find a restaurant in Siesta Key on the water on a Saturday evening. The wait at Siesta Oyster Bar was 2 hours! So we drove the 15 minutes north to near the airport to try Captain Brian's.  It's a local favorite. When I called they said they could seat a party of 10 in 5 minutes. The atmosphere is quaint and will not impress your wife if she's looking for "cute".  However, of you're ready for fresh, delicious, reasonably priced seafood served by genuinely nice down home people this is the place for you.  The soups are home made.  The seafood chowder ... Unbelievable.  The hog snapper lightly blackened .... Amazing and a huge portion. Fresh catch selection has 20 different fish and shellfish. If it's not caught locally they literally get it off the plane from the airport that's less than a mile away.  Bread was rye and pumpernickel from the local Bavarian bakery. The deserts made at another local bakery. Good beers on tap and wine by the glass. I'll come back every time I'm in Sarasota!
Absolute best fish I have ever had and I've lived in Florida my entire life. Chilean Sea Bass is amazing. This is quality food. No water views, no party scene, just great food. This is the best place nobody seems to know about!
We were looking for a great seafood restaurant and tried this to our disappointment. We had lobster, stuffed sole and shrimp. All were overlooked. The lobster (we owned three restaurants in years past) tasted as if it had been held in stagnant water. Vegetables were bland and the salad bar skimpy. On the positive side, if you want good portions in a sort of upscale redneck/senior citizen-friendly place for decent prices, it's okay.
im from rhode island, first of all, so i know my seafood. i liked this place alot. it has the kind of food im looking for, whole belly clams, real chowwda, and great fish and chips. i forgot to mention the giant puppy sized lobsters they had they in the tank, alive, not frozen. if you want some good new england, around the corner type food, this is it. the prices are great too. i live in st pete. imma drive down there today, just for those clams.
Good decent priced seafood.  The mixed plate had tuna, salmon, and sword fish.  The salmon was the best and the tuna over cooked.  The salad bar was decent...good blue cheese.  The scallops on the seafood combo were good as was the grouper...the rest was unremarkable.  The service was good and the atmosphere was fine but nothing great.
I have been going to this restaurant for years- it is the first place I stop when I come down to Sarasota! They have  recently updated their whole place- very inviting! The new hugh aquarium is terrific!  It kept the kids busy the whole meal. I have to say, as opposed to other reviews- I love the salad bar! Great fresh ingredients! I had a piece of excellent King Salmon last night- the best I have ever had! The kids get the fish and chips- and what great chips, by the way- crisp and hot!  My husband always has the mixed grill or the catch of the day- always done just the way you want it. Their prices are great- as is the fresness of the fish! The service is always good too- although you do have to wait in a line as they don't take reservations. If you like fish- run, do not walk to this excellent find! You ( and your pocketbook) will be happy!
This was such a great find!  The absolute freshest fish possible.  Period.  They have an old-school salad bar that doesn't disappoint.  Expect friendly service in a relaxed atmosphere packed with locals and a few tourist who are "in the know"
Once again I can't fault Yelp for steering me here. We were a party of five last Wednesday, hungry after an afternoon of sailing on Sarasota Bay, and since I was the host and we all felt like fish I chose Captain Brian's in spite of some of the the others' objections about crowds, tacky surroundings and unpredictable waits. Well, it wasn't crowded at 8.00 pm and yes, the decor is awful, the location underwhelming, the salad bar is primitive, although all of its components were very fresh and the seats aren't very comfortable. Still, the main reason for coming here was the fish and I must say that without reservation it was superb! Beautifully fresh and simply prepared, either fried, grilled or blackened as you wish, except for the lobster that one of our party had which was just gently steamed to a perfect flavorful tenderness. Our waitress was friendly and efficient and I really can't say anything negative about the place. Obviously, if you want a grand elaborate and romantic dining experience this isn't the place to go but given the quality of the food on the limited menu and the reasonable prices I'd say that if you are looking for the freshest seafood as your primary concern, I can't think of anywhere better.
