I originally was going to eat at the Blue Dolphin Cafe but a yelp reviewer of Blue Dolphin said that Toasted Mango was better so we took the advice.  I order the strawberry, banana nutella french toast.  It was the special.  It was excellent.  It wasn't too sweet.  My wife agreed that it was delicious. The servers always kept our cups full.  I highly recommend checking this place out for breakfast.
Waffles topped with coconut shavings,  fresh mango slices, whip cream. THE END. The top line should be enough to get you running over to Toasted Mango for breakfast! We were so tired of the very boring breakfast at our hotel, our taste buds were screaming for some lovin'. I've read great reviews about TMC and the staff in our hotel showed the same excitement when they recommended TMC as a must try. We were seated immediately ( we were there at 8am on a Sunday).  There must have been 3 waitresses who attended to us, but very organized.  I was served my hot, fresh and "better than hotel" coffee within 5 minutes of sitting down.  I ordered the Sarasota heat and it was delicious! My husband ordered the waffles topped with fresh mangoes and it was an explosion of flavor in my mouth! Seriously so good, I wish we didn't wait until our last breakfast day to go there.   The bad reviews baffled me, since I don't normally get amazed by breakfast food...Okay, my daughter's grits didn't excite her but really...who gets excited over grits? We left Toasted Mango Cafe with happy bellies and a good way to start our day.  Go Go Go! =)
My wife and I stopped in on are way to beach , it was ok . I would call it average a bit pricey for what you get.
The Toasted Mango is far superior to any breakfast/lunch restaurant in Sarasota. It all starts with a sassy wait staff that makes you feel right at home. The menu has everything you could possible want to eat, and they have daily specials and homemade soup! Delicious food served in generous portions....what a terrific concept! And now they're open for dinner! Mouth-watering Prime Rib!
Amazing food and service. Came here due to my allergy to wheat. Staff was very knowledgeable. I was able to get a half sand which of the egg salad and a half of chicken salad on GF bread.
This is an OK breakfast spot. The food was just OK...nothing wowed me. The food was bland. A little salt and pepper goes a long way. The staff was very friendly. It is a typical tourist breakfast spot.
Hands down the best Breakfast in Florida. . The mango hot sauce,  French Toast. Greek omelet.  Every thing we tasted was delicious.
Went here for breakfast, and thought it was okay. My plate was very bland (eggs and potatoes - no seasoning whatsoever) and bacon was burnt. The other plate had corned beef hash which was pretty good, but other than that is was just okay. Does have a nice family feel to it inside.
Food was OK, service was TERRIBLE. We were seated and the hostess brought our drinks. Then our server came by to bring us the specials menu and left never to be seen again. After about 20 min (the restaurant was not busy) we noticed she was sitting at another table socializing with her friends. Eventually someone else came by and apologized, then SHE disappeared. Finally a younger girl came by and took care of us. The food was decent, but nothing special. Don't waste your time.
I give the Toasted Mango a 1 Star after 4 bad experiences at this restaurant. The food quality is nice, although I am not too fond of their potatoes, but with that aside the SERVICE IS HORRENDOUS. I am in the service industry and find that if the service is phenomenal, the entire experience will be. I will provide some examples. I never get my food in a timely manner, if I do then there is something missing with my order. The servers will not come and check on you regularly. I had to wait for ten minutes to get my check and I always feel as if the staff is not grateful for our services but act as if we should be thankful for them. I have given this place a chance with many of my friends and none are coming back. I live very close to this location where the convenience overrides the poor service, or at least I thought. They are loosing a great customer and should consider training the waitstaff for a more pleasant experience to this cafe.
Sweet little place that we're so glad to have discovered. We came for lunch--the Black Bean Veggie burger was terrific, kind of a mushy consistency on a very fresh multigrain bun--after eating Gardenburgers for the past few years, you forget how good the real deal is!  Boyfriend had the steak sandwich & loved it.  Honestly, there were SO MANY appealing looking things on the menu and on other people's plates, (really, stop staring!)  it was hard to make a decision.  Looks like they are well known for their muffins which change daily. Staff was very friendly & recognized us as first-timers.  My only complaint is that it's just packed, wall-to-wall people, so there's no chance of having any intimate conversations with everyone elbow to elbow.  We'll be back!
I've eaten here for breakfast 5 days in a row (with some lunches thrown in too) while staying at a hotel across the street. The ladies that own it are incredibly nice and personable. The food is fresh and delicious. Stop in and check them out.
I went to the toasted mango this morning for the first time, expecting a delicious breakfast based on all the amazing reviews. I ordered the corned beef hash with a biscuit and side of grits. I've never been so disappointed in a meal. The corned beef was dry, coated in oil and burnt. It was like they scraped whatever was at the bottom of the skillet onto my plate and covered it with an over easy egg. The biscuit had a plastic spongey taste, even smothering it with jam didn't make it taste good. I had to wash the first few bites down with a horrible cup of coffee and sent my plate back to the kitchen. I don't think I will be coming back here.
pretty solid place for brunch/breakfast foods.  was right near the hotel we stayed at.  cute, quaint little diner vibe...clean, quick and the food was pretty darn good. the mango butter that comes with the biscuit was pretty amazing.  the fruit was fresh...everything was amazing.  i wish we could have tried the key lime french toast...we were too stuffed..ill have to come back just for that!
I am flabbergasted that there's a line to get into this place. The food was decent, but nothing great. We only had breakfast items: French toast and pancakes were okay, but the scrambled eggs were flat and stringy. The "potato cake" was terrible; crunchy on the outside and watery in the middle. Service was lackluster - polite and friendly, but lackluster. First of all, the "15-20 minute wait" turned into 40 minutes. And I swear, while we waited, they took the names of, and then let in and seated, two groups of locals who arrived well after us. They didn't bother giving us any silverware, perhaps because were seated next to the service cart with all the table items; after a while we just grabbed some ourselves. They brought me decaf tea when I had ordered no such thing. They did not even offer us highchair even though we had a squirmy 16-month-old with us. At first I thought perhaps they did not have any, but later saw them stacked up next to the bathroom. All small complaints, yes, but when small complaints pile up, it's an indication something is wrong with an operation. Soon after our food was delivered, someone slapped the check on our table without comment. I guess they were just as eager to get rid of us as we were eager to get out of this clearly over-hyped place in a strip mall along Tamiami Trail.
2 - Mango Breakfast Specials to enjoy on this sunny, beautiful morning in Sarasota with Rob Greger. YUMMY! This place is buzz in', great vibe.
I came to the Toasted Mango Cafe for breakfast for the first time with my girlfriend. This place was busy bit we sat down very quick. I had the Toasted Mango Special, which came with two eggs, home fries, two pancakes, two strips of bacon, and an orange wedge. I also order three turkey sausage links and two slices of white bread with mango bitter. Everything was phenomenal. This has to be one of my favorite breakfast experience. I'm not a big fan of having breakfast but this place is on top of my list.
It is about two wks after my visit that i am writing this,  but I just had to let everyone know they need to get their mango toasted~ Let's just start out with how impressed I was with the fact my finance  knew about this incredible little tongue tantalizing sit down breakfast/lunch venue!   Since we are from Portland, Oregon and we have more restaurants per capita than NY we are VERY, VERY picky about our palates and what we consider really damn good food. First off, they were friendly when we walked in the door, it was clean, the locals were hanging out and they have a little bit of moxie going for them on top of it all! I ordered the Sarasota omelet and of course being the picky queen I am, i had to change a few things, add a few things and non of it was a problem.  The bloody marry we ordered was light, refreshing and had a little spin on it, I think they used a little tequila in it as well. It was DELISH and had a little garden on top too~ The real show stopper for me was the toasted orange mango muffin, now i am a gluten free gal, yet I did take a few bites off of this truly moist muffin....Who doesn't just love a moist muffin? All in all our experience was great, I saw the owner hugging regulars, the foods presentation was just as good as what I see back home in Ptown and the quality of the flavors were as well delectable.  You would be missing out if you didn't at least stop in for the Bloody Marry, because she isn't to bloody and the flavors are very marry! Go get toasted at your Local Mango~
Cute little hometown cafe super close to the beach.  I had the Seafood Benedict with Scallops and shrimp... AMAZING.  I would definitely recommend stopping by for breakfast and a cup of coffee.
Five stars for breakfast. You're kidding, right? Nope. In its class it is the class operation. Fast friendly clean and delish. There's a reason locals line up out the door. Want breakfast or lunch and don't want to overpay at a local hotel? Come on down. (It's my great uncle's favorite, and he knows breakfast.)
Great location to our hotel...friendly service and amazing food. I ordered the Sarasota egg white omelet with a the homemade grill biscuit..the people here are nice and the food is fresh and good..I will try this place again when in town..the coffee is also amazing ..
If you ever find yourself in Sarasota looking for a local breakfast joint, this is the place. Food is fantastic and the staff is great! Reasonable prices and excellent quality. I highly recommend the corn beef hash. On the sweet side the Mango Waffle covered in toasted coconut is amazing as well. The kids will love it. They have a side business with ice cream and smoothies as well. Right across the street from the Hyatt and Ritz. Hit it on the way in or out of town and you won't be sorry!
The food was ok, not what the reviews suggest. Service in our case was fair. The waitress seemed to have friends at another table and spent too much time with them. But I guess the reason for the two stars is I watched in horror as a young staff member wiped the floor outside the men's restroom from an over flowing toilet with a rag turning it over in an effort to collect the water when went on to serve customers without washing his hands. I did talk to the owner about it and she said she would talk to the staff member but the damage was already done for me, I will not be back.
there are lots of tourist traps in Sarasota this place is not one of them. Although if your a tourist please stop by and enjoy a real breakfast that is not only eye candy but very filling and tasty. or just stop by for a cup of Joe and a muffin you will still be greeted with excellent service!
Top notch experience. Loved it. We're here for 7 days and we'll definitely be back. The food was perfect, fresh, attractive and quick. Service was great. Coffee is good. Love the decor of this adorable cafe.
Nice atmosphere and very decently priced food. Serves breakfast and lunch and they have an outdoor area that is quaint. Nice little local spot. Only down side was we were sat and given a drink and then it took a long time before someone came back to take out order. But overall a great place.
We came here because the pictures and some reviews looked great. The place looks nice and staff is friendly. We sat down and right away they took our drink order...now begins the "not so good" part of this review and reasons for only 3 stars. Once our drink order arrived (one water, one milk, one coffee-that was horrible) our waitress disappeared for approx 15mins before she came back and got our breakfast order( banana split with yogurt, omelet with a side of potatoes, and two orders of 2eggs, potatoes one with bacon one with sausage). Food came at a decent time. The sausage (and extra 1.99 charge for changing from bacon) was the size of a silver dollar!!! A silver dollar!!! Did I order the kids version? Ummm no. When my daughter ordered her omelet there was a extra charge for anything other than cheese! Ham $2.99 sausage $2.99 avocado 2.99! Food was decent, IHOP has better flavor than this place. Our bill...$47.00 yup. I could've ordered steak and dessert for that much money! A total rip off!! We won't be returning.
Great place for breakfast, brunch or lunch. They prepare all their food from scratch which is very fresh. I have ordered seafood omelet which was great with lots of shrimp and crab.  This  place is very relaxed and friendly . Will definitely visit again for another light breakfast.
A great breakfast & lunch spot in Sarasota! Everything is good; from the corned beef hash (go all the way with sautéed peppers, onions and mushrooms) to their French toast specials (scones , stuffed, smothered, etc), make your own breakfast wrap (like a burrito- whole wheat tortilla stuffed with 4 veggies and eggs), huge salads, & they even have fresh smoothies! Daily specials are always amazing as are their fresh baked muffins & biscuits with mango butter. They even have their own Toasted Mango hot sauce which is really good. Highly recommended!
Our favorite place for breakfast, brunch and lunch. Good food, everything fresh and quick service. The wait staff are all friendly and accommodating. It is so popular that there may be a short wait  but so worth it..
I love a good breakfast diner and the food at the Toasted Mango was yummy, but not as good as I was expecting it to be for how packed it always is. Their corned beef and cabbage could have had a little more seasoning, but my fiancé's omelet was adequate. Service was slow. I don't necessarily think I would go back with so many other delicious breakfast places in Sarasota. I have to say, I do love the logo though!
I got the Belgium Waffle and my husband got the Sandi Spicy Special. Both were delicious! Service was great and the tables were nice and comfortable. We sat outside and it was a really nice little oasis considering that the restaurant is off a busy road. If you're looking for a cute, delicious place to get breakfast, check this place out!
My absolute favorite breakfast spot! Coffee is good and hot, service is helpful, and the food is amazing both at breakfast and lunch. The menu has a good variety and everything I've had there is above average. The specials are truly special! Inventive and delicious! It can get crowded during brunch hours on the weekend, but it's worth the wait. A great local spot with fresh, creative, and tasty food.
Decor: 4/5 -cute cafe with tables and booths that can comfortably fit up to 5 adults -there is outdoor seating as well Service: 4/5 -breakfast and lunch served all day -southern hospitality Food: 4/5 -Toasted Mango Blackened Chicken Salad ($10.99) is the best bang for the buck. You get a huge portion of greens, avocado, tomatoes, mangos and several strips of chicken. The citrus vinaigrette was quite delicious. The cilantro was also a nice ingredient as it added more flavor. (5/5) -Philly Cheese Steak ($7.99) was a bit underwhelming with the Jack cheese and white bread. Don't get me wrong, the bread was toasted crispy but bland in taste. (3/5)
My husband and I went in for breakfast. He ordered the surf and turn Benedict (crab meat with a slice of roast beef). Very tender beef and the flavor was amazing! I had a waffle with the mango spread, also very good. The servers were very friendly as well.
The restaurant specializing in breakfast has one big limitation; the gap it needs to negotiate between acceptable and first rate is narrow. The difference between greasy spoon and huevos haute can be as simple as the cleanliness of the cutlery or the strength of the coffee. It's a commodity game, so to stand out you need to be a champion kayaker if you're aiming to shoot these pre-noon rapids. Food quality runs that same tight gorge. The difference between a serviceable Greek omelette and an unmemorable Greek omelette is a lesser standard of feta or eggs beaten for fifteen seconds more than necessary. Home fries - the staple of breakfast starches - must not only taste good and be appropriately seasoned, they should be uniformly hot. If not, it tells us they've been sitting too long. That is not the stuff of excellence. Service, too, should be a place where a thoughtful restaurant can shine without much effort. Consistency is probably the key here. When you don't know who is serving, or more importantly if the servers don't know who is serving, then waters are troubled. And so is my breakfast. I wanted to like the Toasted Mango more. It's completely alright. Go there and contemplate the fine line between okay and excellent while you wait for your coffee refill.
We are from NJ and on this trip we have been here 3 times already. The mango butter and toasted mango special french toast with real maple syrup is amazing. Today it was rather busy but the other two times we went it was not so busy. The staff is friendly. The food and the prices are great. I would recommend getting the mimosas they are great and definitely try the french toast special. We wish we had a place up here that was as good as this.  Every time we go to breakfast we say, it won't be as good as the Toasted Mango. We can't wait to return on our next trip.
We love the Toasted Mango! Big portions, fresh ingredients and my husbands favorite biscuits. Love the Sarasota BLT, love the omelets, love the cinnamon roll pancake special!  This place is one of our brunch go-tos, especially when we have company!
As a regular patron of the Blue Dolphin for brunch fare, I was fairly skeptical about venturing elsewhere for a weekend brunch. We were at the Main St farmers market and decided that the Toasted Mango Cafe was close enough to be worthy of a try. We were seated quickly and our waitress, who also happened to be an owner, explained all of the specials and some of their regular items. Bottom line, food is spectacular and the biscuits are killer.  Omelettes are huge and the corned beef hash is amazing! Have been back numerous times since the first visit!
Turkey vegetable stew was just the thing for a rainy day in Sarasota. Firm veggies, chunks of white turkey breast and fresh chopped herbs. Pulled duck, apple and Brie sandwich?  What evil genius crested this deliciousness?  Toasted Mango is one of the joints downtown where locals tend to congregate and the wait staff recognize the regulars great place to be, be prepared for a little wait during all times of the day.
Great little spot! Have the waffles! Sit in the back patio area and enjoy the sunshine. The biscuit is so incredibly rich and delish that it's a meal all by itself. A true cafe with all the comfort food you can ask for. Cannot wait to return!
Lunch food was good. Breakfast even better! Best mango butter we've ever had... Even for no mango lovers. Service was ok. Will be back because we enjoyed it overall.
Great little place. Full of locals. Food tasted homemade and there was plenty, not too much. I recommend this place without reservation.
I was really excited to try this place and tried to go 3 times. Each time there was a long wait. Finally, on a weekday morning I was able to go. I went with my husband and his mother (who doesn't speak very much English). I'm not sure if the staff thought that we were tourists because we weren't speaking English, but we didn't get a warm reception upon entering the restaurant. There was confusion about available seats and the staff thought we were kicking out a customer from a booth when in fact the customer offered his booth to us. So, dining experience started off in an odd manner and we just didn't feel welcome. As for the food, it was good, but I expected more. It was just the run of the mill breakfast food and the way that people around town talk Toasted Mango, my expectations were high.  We never were asked how everything was during the meal and one of the staff members just came by to place our check on the table. I was going to order one of their beautiful muffins "to go", but after no one checked in, I decided it wasn't worth it. I won't be running back to Toasted Mango anytime soon, but I don't think they'll miss my business seeing that the place is always packed.
The service was awesome ~ The waitresses were so friendly! That's a nice surprise in Sarasota :) We Had: Eggs Benedict~ The best I've had in Sarasota..served with potatoes..which were ok. The daily special~ Blackened Crab Quesadlillas with the bean mango side dish~This was fantastic! I can't wait to go back and try that Blackened Chicken Salad~ looks amazing!
Didn't have time for the 30-minute wait for brunch on a chilly Sunday, so we braved the somewhat cold patio and got seated instantly. We were the only ones out there and I was a little worried they'd forget about us, but instead we got fast, cheerful and friendly service. (Our waitress congratulated us for our cold-hardiness and assured us she'd work to get us our food promptly.) When the food arrived, both my wife and I were very pleased with our special of french toast covered in berries. The side order of real maple syrup (as opposed to the imitation stuff that comes standard) was big enough for the two of us to share. My mother ordered grilled cheese. I tried her sandwich and have to say it was really yummy too. Somehow, I missed the fresh-squeezed juices on the menu. My bad. Probably was too cold to think about a chilled beverage. Prices are reasonable. Parking lot is a tight squeeze, but there's plenty of available free parking on the street nearby. I plan to go back (maybe twice?) on my next trip to Sarasota!
3.5-4 stars. This place had great reviews so we decided to give it a shot. We waited about 20 minutes for a table and were told to wait outside. (Normally we wouldn't mind but it was the coldest day of the year brrr). The veggie chili was delicious! The mango salads were good- the chicken was amazing but the lettuce was all iceberg and the veggies weren't that great. Service was very friendly.
Toasted Mango was a great treat. My Husband and I were in Sarasota for three full days and went to Toasted Mango twice.  The staff is friendly and the restuarant is filled with not only tourist but locals.   The food was hot and fresh.  My favorite was the cinnamon pancakes.  They were delish.  My mouth is watering writing this review. :) My Husband ordered an omlette.  It had a lot of cheese, so if you are not a cheese lover, tell them to go light on the cheese. This place is great.  You might have to wait for a table but it is worth it.   If you are staying at the Hyatt, Toasted Mango's not only has a better breakfast but it will only cost you about half of what you are going to pay at the resort. Enjoy!
Very fast service. Outside seating is small and cute. The Eggs Benedict were amazing as well as the Sarasota omelet. The lunch looked just as good as the breakfast. We were in and out in 45 minutes. They have mimosas for breakfast too! Good price, great food, and even better service.
Big groups must call ahead for the wait is over 30 minutes. 2s get seated pretty quickly. Menu consist of breakfast and lunch items. Pancakes and waffle look impressively big.  The omelets are well made. The house biscuit is huge and tasty.  The house made mango butter is a nice twist. This spot is crowded and parking can be a nightmare. Folks can get pushy but the food is tasty and service is acceptable. Best to eat indoors for servers will notice you. If you sit outside you might get a visit from servers but not guaranteed.
What can I say? Excellent breakfast at good prices. The place is bright and sunny and the food is delicious.
Mango sweet tea was tasty & came with finely diced ripe mango as a garnish:) Omelettes are enormous but not impressive. The Ruben was the best dish at our table. I had the The chicken mango salad - one of the featured items on the menu. Mango was ripe and tasty, presentation was nice but just no wow factor with flavor. I'd like to give breakfast a shot at this place before I make any final conclusions.
The toasted mango is a terrific place for breakfast, lunch or both. You will always get a big welcome and super friendly service there. You can feel the love the owners put in. There's lots of delicious food in abundant portions. They do have one eye on health, but you can get around that if you just want to indulge yourself with bacon, hasbrowns and biscuits (with mango butter). My favorite menu item is their Sarasota omelette with turkey and spinach. The salads are huge, the sandwiches well stuffed and there are creative and tasty specials for those days when you really want to try something different.
This was one of those places we drove by and decided to stop at for brunch based on the crowd, and we're glad we did. The first thing you should know is that parking here is very, very tight. The lot is small, but there is street parking; just make sure you're respectful of the residents of the neighborhood, and a notice on the Mango's door warns that parking in the grass, blocking driveways, or parking facing the wrong direction on the street will invite the wrath of the SPD's parking enforcement. The Toasted Mango offers breakfast and brunch, and both are available throughout their operating hours. We stopped in for lunch, and even though the place was crowded, we were seated right away. We started with coffee (of course), and Toasted Mango makes a pretty decent cup. The menu offers a large offering of both breakfast and lunch items, and there were specials listed on a blackboard and our table. We stuck with breakfast foods for our first visit. My wife had the Sarasota omelette, with jack cheese, spinach, tomato, house-roasted turkey, and avocado. She went with home fries and whole-wheat toast as sides, The omelette was very good, especially in an area where "early bird specials" of simple, bland breakfast foods are typical. I opted for the Gulfside, an omelette with blue crab, gulf shrimp, spinach, tomatoes, and jack cheese. I stuck with the home fries, but went with with a house biscuit (with mango butter!) as my bread. The omelette was overflowing with hunks of crab and shrimp, which was great, but it actually overpowered all the other ingredients. For sure, you get what you pay for, but I'd have enjoyed getting more of the "farm-fresh egg" taste. The biscuit was perfect, and they cut it in half and toasted it. The mango butter was subtly sweet and fruity, but let the biscuit shine through. The potatoes in both our cases were just the way we like them, super crispy, just this side of burnt. Service was *SUPER* friendly and fast. Decor was simple, fun mix of locals and tourists. Conveniently close to the water and Siesta Key.
Excellent! Must try the Belgian waffle with fruit. Great service. I'm glad we found this local gem. Looks small from the outside but is very spacious inside. Ask them to mix some cranberry and apple Juice, it's delicious!!
Really good breakfast. I had wheat toast with scrambled eggs, turkey sausage, and the potato pancake. (which, much to my surprise was NOT a latke... they should really just make latkes, right?) - Try the mango hot-sauce. Food was ok, service was really good. Enjoyed the meal... well, except for the potato pancake.
What a great breakfast place. They have the best breakfast in town, and the staff is incredibly friendly.
After the long wait, we were directed to table that was not cleared and then took a good 10 min to clean up after our request. We were then questioned by another employee as to whether we had put our names on the waiting list and when we said yes, he then asked our last name...just to be sure. More than ten minutes went by before we saw a waitress. When we finally got our meal (after sending the coffee cup with lipstick prints back ), my meal was cold and my husband's ok but nothing special. He had the corned beef hash and I had the breakfast with eggs, bacon, potatoes and a blueberry pancake. Eggs were luke warm, bacon good, blueberries pancakes at least warm in the middle and the potatoes were obviously reheated, cooked long ago and not reheated enough. To their credit, they comped the cold meal but it didn't make up for poor service and food quality.
The gluten free toast here was some of the best I've had. The waitress told me they source the GF toast and muffins from Island GF Bakery (or something along those lines). The muffins sounded great too, but I was so full from the Three-Cheese Omelette I didn't have room for anything else! I got the three cheese omelette with grits, avocado and GF toast, for about $8 before tip. My waitress was very friendly, and my food came out very quickly as I was sitting at the counter. If you're in a hurry at a larger breakfast place, the counter is always a good idea! I was very satisfied with my meal and the friendly atmosphere.
Toasted mango special was delicious. Sat outside. Great spot, service and food. 5 stars!
We decided to try this place based on reviews and agree with all the positive reviews about this place. Small indoor/ outdoor sitting... We came in on a Sunday around 11:30.... Waiting was about 10 minutes which is not bad at all. Our waitresses were nice and our food was extremely delicious!!!! On the healthier side. Try their smoothies!!!
If they have the Cinnamon Roll Pancake on the special... GET IT!!!
Great place for breakfast or lunch. It's pretty small inside, very popular...so you may need to wait. Their harvest muffin is spectacular. Our server recommended they cut it and grill it on the flattop. It was toasted and slightly caramelized served with mango butter. OMG! It was outstanding. French toast is also a favorite. They have breakfast specials that are always good. Friendly, efficient service that looks like they all share the tables. Staff is always walking around refilling coffee, even if they aren't your server. Go, but please don't just hang out after you're finished! The rest of us want to eat, too....
Friendly staff. Good breakfast. Biscuit was huge but would be better if it was flaky and buttery
Food was good.  Atmosphere is very small town cafe... which I enjoy.  The place was clean.  Why the 3 stars?  Well, I found the wait staff a bit brusque and hurried, even though the place was only half full.  Now comes the saga of the traveling English muffin.  I had the corned beef hash with American fries and English muffin.  The food (sans English muffin) arrived quickly and was hot and tasty.  When the food arrived, I was told that the English muffin was on its way.  Sad to say, this wasn't to be.  The English muffin arrived at our table while I was paying for the meal.... After my wife had mentioned it to our server while she was heading to the powder room.  Perhaps if the wait staff would have spent less time shooting the bull with a regular about his recent trip to Key West the service would have been better?   We won't be returning, which is kind of a bummer for the owners as once we find a place we like, we make it a regular place to visit.
The place is awesome for breakfast and great location if your staying at the Hyatt or even Ritz! I highly recommend the mango waffle which includes ripe mango, soft Belgian waffle and toasted coconut shavings. Service is quick and efficient as wait staff all pitches in to help. Enjoy!
Perfect breakfast place.  Yelp reviews were right on. Blueberry pancakes and oatmeal were delicious.  The spicy omelet was very good but just a bit too much cheese for my taste. Great vibe.  And excellent service.
Service was pretty good. Food was mediocre. Nothing impressive. Pricey for average tasting food. I had higher expectations because of all the great reviews I read. I was hoping for a more organic feel. My suggestion to this place is if you're truly into sustainability try local vendors and coffee roasters.
After reading all of the good reviews, I was very disappointed.  The coffee was weak and had no flavor, and the sausage was dry and overcooked.  The place has very little atmosphere and our waitress, nice as she was, ended up in a loud conversation with her friends who were at the table next to us, and pretty much ignored our needs. I much prefer the Breakfast House, which is only a few blocks away.
I had the Eggs Benedict, and it was great. Attentive service, nice atmosphere, and great food. I definitely recommend this place!
A joint-family operated cafe, Toasted Mango serves up fresh breakfast and lunch fare in a casual, bright, clean atmosphere. The menu is not completely centered around mangoes (unfortunately) but there are a handful of selections with mango. It does highlight the Florida gulf's ingredients, namely seafood and fresh fruit, and has several unique options. Great bang for your buck. Nearly every menu item is under $10. I had the Tropical Melt, which gave me a sample of both chicken salad and tuna salad on separate english muffins, topped with melted cheese. Delicious -- have never had anything like it before. The place was packed and service was a tad slow to start off with, but everyone is very friendly. Sitting in one of the booths next to the kitchen allows you a great view into the kitchen.
Excellent food, good atmosphere and the constant crowd says a lot, be prepared to wait.  The anytime breakfasts are a great at lunch, salads massive and wraps are unique and satisfying.  The prices are a little high (burger wrap and drink +$18) but the quality worth it.  Wait staff friendly and prompt.
We ate breakfast there this morning and the food was fine, good enough and fun but not out of this world. They also have no changing table, so I had to change my baby in the car. Parking was limited so we were street parked - it was a real pain. I consider the lack of accommodation for families with babies to be pretty rude for a family breakfast type of establishment, but not unusual in this town. My husband enjoyed his design-your-own omelette and a friend with us had a chicken and cauliflower mash which she enjoyed as well. I just had a simple waffle and some bacon. The waffle comes with mango butter which is a kind of fun twist. It also came dusted with powdered sugar which is something that I could do without. The staff was nice, but the coffee bordered on lousy. It is a thing that I'll never understand about breakfast places here. We've yet to find one that has great coffee. Seems like that shouldn't be an afterthought at a breakfast cafe. If you plan to go and hate lines - go early! We got there at about 845 and had no problem getting seated, but right after that the line started.
Top quality  mango tea, and my breakfast-at-lunch was outstanding.  Great Omlet, enjoyed sitting outside in perfect weather as well.  This place is a keeper, will be back.  Met owners, and purchased a mug with their logo.  Wish they had this closer to my house, I don't live in Florida, but I would be here every week if it was convenient.
We went to the Toasted Mango last Sunday with friends, expecting the same wonderful food and service that we have had in the past. The food was good, but not special. The service, which we've always found to be very friendly and competent, was not. Orders were delivered incorrectly. We had to ask twice to get a coffee order that was wrong and, then, forgotten. Our waitress seemed to have a bit of an attitude. With so many excellent breakfast options in the Sarasota area (like "First Watch"), I don't think we'll wait on line for the Toasted Mango again.
We were driving around Sarasota looking for a place to eat breakfast and not wanting to go to a chain. We just started driving around and spotted the Toasted Mango. There were people waiting to get in, so we figured it was worth the wait and it was. We both had the mango tea and it was very refreshing and delicious. We also had the Corned beef hash and the Caprice eggs Benedict. Both were a large portion of fresh and wonderful food. If we are ever in Sarasota again we will definitely go again!
The Toasted Mango takes the 'standard breakfast' formula to it's peak and throws in a few unique touches for good measure.  Breakfast favorites like waffles, eggs, bacon, and pancakes are always excellently cooked and served hot and fresh.  The menu also contains several special items like delicious homemade biscuits and a waffle with fresh fruit and toasted coconut.  The decor is minimal but clean and the staff is always very friendly.  I've eaten at every breakfast place in Sarasota, and Toasted Mango is my go-to spot.
Great breakfast spot! Everything was wonderful, from the food to the service. I'd be happy to return :)
Everything looks and tastes fresh and delicious. The biscuits are huge and tasty, especially with their homemade mango butter. The servings in general are pretty big. Waitstaff is friendly. Definitely a great price for the quality, though maybe a bit high to be a regular thing for college students.
The Toasted Mango Cafe was a wonderful little breakfast/lunch eatery. The service was attentive an food was delicious! I tried the 'Freshly Fresh' smoothie and it was amazing and had great flavor. Their muffins were moist and tasty. The Toasted Mango had a great indoor/outdoor, kid-friendly atmosphere. This amazing cafe will defiantly become on of my new favorite breakfast and lunch restaurants.
Yes - gluten free bread (Udi's no less!).  Loved my GF BLT and followed it the next day with an egg sandwich.  Friendly service, and very tasty food.  We stayed at the Hyatt across the street and this was a very convenient and super satisfying breakfast spot.  Cute but small outdoor section.
Great service, friendly staff and really tasty food. Loved the French toast   We all want to go back for another visit.
The food is good and the staff is courteous!
Found this little gem a year ago. They have a new special every day and every single daily special is awesome. If you want to be traditional go with the mango special. Best breakfast meal you'll find in Sarasota
I've been here a few times for breakfast, and I like it, as I obviously return. Very friendly servers, and large portion of quality menu items, coupled with reasonable prices, merits coming here instead of dining at the nearby Hyatt or Indigo Hotel.  Also, a good lunch spot.
Really good breakfast food at a good price. Service was great. Staff very friendly and every staff person checked on us as they walked by not just our assigned server. We tried the eggs, bacon, omelette and the french toast with mango butter. Everything was delicious!
Great spot, friendly and attentive staff  the corned beef hash is awesome. Opt for the works!  This place ROCKS!  I havent had any lunch items but everytim i go the place has a considerable amount of tables.  Alo heard several tables greeted as regulars while I was there.
Great food always fresh and the staff are always happy. Definitely a favorite location for breakfast and lunch
Hoppin' busy! Great breakfast and lunch foods in a convenient location, close to the Hyatt and Ritz as well as Downtown Sarasota. The specials include mango butter pancakes or a mango salad, after all it's The Toasted Mango! Service is quick and offered by spunky people who are fast to refill your beverages. Don't miss out!
Great food and even better service.
Terrific!!!
Comfortable atmosphere. Pet friendly patio. Comfort food. Try the mango tea. Yum
Service was very friendly, helpful and attentive! The food was delicious! I got the hash with the works, and a biscuit. The biscuit was outstanding! It was cut in half, had just the right amount of crumble and was toasted crunchy on the inside! Felt very homey there! May try to go back before I leave!
One of my favorite places for breakfast or lunch. They never disappoint. Wait staff is always super friendly and service is good. Prices are very reasonable. Recommend the Toasted Mango Special for breakfast. And be sure to try their mango butter on your pancakes or french toast, it's delicious! Can't say enough good things about this place!
Had a great meal! met the owners Kim and Sandi, who were very friendly and excellent service. B Gorgeous hair Studio team.
We were guests at the Hyatt Sarasota which is right across the street, and we wanted to venture out on our last day of vacation.  I have to say how amazing I thought this place was for a good breakfast!  Reasonably priced in my opinion and 100% delicious.  The mango butter and hot sauce were an especially nice touch. Next time we are in the area we will definitely be stopping back in!  Woot!
Great place for breakfast.  I had an omelet that was very good and the portion was generous.  The coffee was very decent and our server was quick to fill the cup.  The bacon was could have been crisper but it was all right. We were lucky not to have to wait on a Sunday morning, but this is a busy place.  We will be back!
This is one of my favorite breakfast places in Sarasota.  The food is great, service is great, etc., but....  I am vegan and because there is not a thing on the breakfast menu that's vegan, I wind up being seduced by the eggs/cheese but then I am not happy and will do my best not to go (although that's difficult because my friends like to go there too).  Just a simple tofu scram, like this easy "Goden Tofu Scram" would be so easy for the cooks to make - hint, hint, and maybe even a french toast without eggs -- also easy.  gapersblock.com/drivethr…  Would be a real bragger then!!!
This breakfast place has it all. Good staff, friendly atmosphere and most important good breakfast food. We stopped here on our first of 6 days in Sarasota and have been coming back every day. Specials are to die for.
At last an exceptional breakfast place that won't bust your piggybank. Food is similiar to what is served at the Blue Dolphin without the swishy snotty waitstaff. The local police can be found eating here and it seems from the collection of Police cars have given up that  doughnut chain. Great tasting Coffee is only $1.99.
As someone on a very restricted and gluten-free diet, I know they will always be attentive and have yummy options for me.  So glad I can get GF bread and muffins!
Great breakfast and luncheon menu! Delicious fresh food served by friendly efficient wait staff in a bright sparkly clean space.  Lunch is busy, but food is worth the wait.
Second visit in one week.  Excellent food and friendly service.  Well organized with everyone helping out. Busy so expect to wait, but you won't be disappointed.  Great omelette's and very good coffee.
The wife and I asked about a good place to eat in the Longboat Key area. We were told about the Toasted Mango Cafe, what a wonderful experience. We both had breakfast and everything was awesome. Our server was one of the owners and very pleasant. Highly recommend the Toasted Mango Cafe. We will be back.
