We were really looking forward to having Indian cuisine after our Mote Marine EcoTour in Sarasota Bay.  Hubby and I were both very hungry and had an hour to kill before they opened at 5:30pm for the dinner hours.  We considered eating somewhere else but I had my heart set on Indian as it had been awhile.  Curry Station is a huge hit with us!! I'm vegetarian, hubby is not.  There are certain standards by which we judge our first trip to a new destination.  Typically we order our usual meals and if enjoyed, we will be more adventurous on our next meal there.  We went a little off course and couldn't be happier. We ordered a lot.  We always order a take out meal because we don't live too close to an Indian restaurant. Our meal started with Samosa Chat for me, house salad for him. He enjoyed the Tamarind dressing.  My appetizer was terrific - seasoned well and very tasty.  Both of us would have liked the onion chutney we are accustomed to getting with papadam, but it wasn't offered. My main entree was Dal Makhani, ordered medium.  DH ordered Chicken Korma spicy.  Delicious and excellent. So enjoyable.  We both declared our new favorites.  Hubby was happy that we were served plain long rice as he doesn't care for jasmine rice. For dessert I had the warm Carrot Pudding with Nuts and Fruits,  it was so yummy.  Can't wait to have this during our cooler season too. All the portions were very generous.  Sharing would have been easy.  We are looking forward to our take outs of Lentil Soup, Chicken Curry, Aloo Gobi, Vegetable Cheese Kabob in Cardomam sauce, Okra.  We also ordered Onion Kulcha which was not on the menu. This is not a fancy restaurant and the strip mall location may be easy to miss.  Our chef, Nehendra, came out toward the end of our meal making us feel so welcome and was genuinely interested in our experience there.  Both he and the wait staff were friendly, accommodating and Knowlegeable. They are expanding their menu and we are already planning our next meal there.
This is the kind of place that really benefits from Yelp, as I never would have stumbled upon it under normal circumstances, but I went looking for it based on the good Yelp reviews.   It's in a dumpy area of Sarasota in an even dumpier strip mall featuring a pawn shop and a RAC (rent-a-center), across Washington Blvd from Enterprise rent a car and down the road from Hob Nob (same side of the street as Hob Nob).  Neither the outside or the inside of the place is fancy, but it is clean and the service is very friendly. Don't go to their all you can eat buffet thinking there are going to be 80 trays of food like you see at the Chinese all you can eat buffets.  This place has a very limited selection of maybe 6-8 trays and two kinds of rice.    There is also a bowl of salad and a yogurt dressing and rice pudding for dessert.  6-8 trays is plenty to experience some really excellent food!  Not only the buffet, but when you sit down, your hot Naan bread is brought to you and the chef himself arrived at my table with fresh hot chicken that he just took off the grill.  This was a little twist on the usual expectation of an all you can eat buffet where everything is already in front of you ready to go.  At this place, some of the things are not prepared until you sit down and then it is served to you very freshly prepared just for you.   There was a chicken entree, a mussel choice, a few veggie choices, the rice, salad and rice pudding the day I went which is enough variety to satisfy just about every type of lunch time customer.  The price of the lunch buffet is very reasonable at $8.99.  Even though it is called "Curry Station", there are choices for non-curry lovers, too. I hope more people read the reviews and decide to check it out.  This is the small kind of mom 'n pop type of restaurant that you want to see succeed.  The price for lunch is competitive with Panera or other quickie places, but you get more here.
I love Indian curries and did not even know this place was right around the corner.  I found a coupon on Living Social for this restaurant and decided to try it.  It was fantastic.  I brought two of my friends, one whom "wasn't really sure about curry" and it was a hit!  My other friend had lived in England for a few years and loved a good curry and she really enjoyed this meal.  This is my new favorite restaurant.
So good. I'm not to adventurous when it comes to spices,  but the stir fry veggies and butter chicken are my jam!  Would definitely recommend!
Best lunch buffet I have ever been to, not just Indian cuisine, all cuisines and all cities I've lived/visited. Dined two different occasions for lunch and once for dinner. The dishes were varied and each curry was unique tasting. The naan was properly cooked and when they bring out the tandoori chicken right from the oven...just WOW! The staff is the nicest and most gracious I have encountered.
To find an Indian food restaurant / chef in Sarasota Florida with such a deep understanding of his food and culture was a delight.  Our table enjoyed the lunch buffet as well as ordered off the menu.  The food was rich and deep in taste while not being overpowering.  The portions were generous but not too much.  The owner and staff were kind and helpful. We travel to this area of Florida often and even though we are an hour away from here it is worth the trip!!!   Thanks for a super meal!!
Outside of India, there are two types of Indian restaurant: those that sell an Indian-like food experience, as translated (in this country) for Americans, and those that serve Indian food. In contrast to much of its competition, Curry Station is about the food, making that the center of our experience. Bravo. An important point is worthy of airing here. The term "Indian food" has the same level of descriptive accuracy as "European food". Ingredients, preparation and cooking style vary enormously from Kerala to Kashmir. Lumping them all together is convenient shorthand, but short-changes many Sub-Continental subtleties. One day we westerners will untangle this agglomeration and be all the more delighted by the different regional flavors. Given that we are oceans away from the land of Bollywood and bhuna, we accept what's available. Fortunately, Curry Station successfully negotiates the fine line between authenticity and familiarity. Opening a new business like this in a slightly dodgy strip mall on the wrong side of town is a gutsy move, but the adversity seems to make the food taste even better. Very good: restrained use of spice and unusual ingredients (for drowsy American palates), appropriate portion size, excellent naan, fresh ingredients, Taj beer, frosted glasses, gracious and homely service and - surprisingly - cloth napkins. Slightly bum note: lamb saag contained more bones than I'd like. But that won't stop me ordering it again.   CS is worthy of four stars, but because I want Narendra and his family to succeed mightily, I rounded up to five. If that encourages even one person to ditch Applebees for just one meal here, it'll be a triumph for us both.
Now full-time residents of SRQ (and major curry lovers), we were extremely excited to try this new addition to the local curry scene.   The restaurant ambiance is fairly bare-bones but service is very friendly and the food is amazing.  Definitely a 'must try' spot for anyone who knows and loves a good curry.
THE place for Indian in Sarasota. The owner, Narendra, and his wife welcomed us in as if we were family. As local vegetarians, it was wonderful to stumble upon an Indian restaurant that really uses fresh ingredients and welcomes you to order off the menu despite also having a lunch buffet! The Chenna Masala was like I have never had before. The sauce wasn't from a can. You could taste the fresh tomatoes of the sauce! It wasn't a tomato paste that had been filed with preservatives off of a food delivery truck. Narendra is taking whole ingredients (tomatoes in this case) and breaking them down into a homemade sauce, right on location! I have had Indian food all over the USA: Pittsburgh, Miami, Seattle and I have never tasted the fresh flair that this place has. The flavors are delicate yet ROBUST! The potatoes and peas dish was also wonderful! It was very Ghee tasting with wonderful spices and was fantastic. The naan is freshly prepared and not the usual store bought/packaged naan that could just as easily be a Greek Pita. I don't like my ethic breads to be confused or double as anything else. If it's a Greek Pita, it needs to be a Greek Pita and if it is Naan, it needs to be Naan and this place has hit the mark 100%. No confusion here: just good naan made with love. We get the garlic but Narendra recommended we try his special "Chilli Naan" next time (he knows we like everything spicy)! While they do not have a personal favorite of mine, Gobi Manchurian, I still would rather do without a favorite dish of mine and go here rather than other places that are not as good by far. If going here despite not having my favorite dish is not enough to convince you, I do not know what will! They are wonderful, the food is GREAT and there is easy, convenient parking!!
Delicious!!!   Attentive, warm couple own and run the restaurant.   Good is beyond amazing and with the buffet (which is a steal by the way) I got to try a little of everything.
If you like Indian food - the real thing, you will be delighted with Curry Station.  If you don't mind the neighborhood or basic ambience - try Curry Station. We ordered the $8.99 buffet.  I tried everything and it was delish.  The owner/chef came by twice to check on our satisfaction level.  That guy can really cook and knows just the right sauces for each dish.  We will be back to try the menu offerings.
Excellent, authentic Curries
Just came back from an amazing dinner. Best Indian food in town. My husband is British and very picky when it comes to currys. Everything we ordered was perfect.  My favorite is the chicken  korma. We can not wait to go back. They do cooking classes on Sunday , we are both signing up!
Fabulous authentic Indian food. The samosa chat is a must not miss. Authentic curries and seasoning that doesn't shy away from "hot" when you ask for it. We loved the funky setting right on 301 next door to a pawn shop. You can still see evidence of the old Subway sandwich shop inside. We love that as it suggests a real grassroots experience. In fact, we were visited by the chef himself who clearly takes pride in his work and he should! This is a gem not to be missed and the BEST Indian food in town.
Thoroughly enjoyed the Kerala Chicken Curry and Garlic Naan and my partner also liked very much the Chana (chick pea) masala.  We are very glad to have such an authentic Indian restaurant in Sarasota and look forward to trying many of the other regional specialties on the menu on future visits.  The chef/owner Narendra, his wife Sushila and the entire staff offered attentive and gracious service and it was a very pleasant dining experience.
We are Indian so our standards for good Indian food is very high. That being said, this is hands down the best Indian food in Sarasota. We tried the samosa chat, chili chicken, shrimp curry and fish goan curry. We loved everything but the chili chicken was out of this world!
My new favorite Indian restaurant in town
Very good food. I highly recommend doing the buffet and getting the Samosa Chat as well. My friend and I decided to try it, and it was amazing. If you're looking for some good Indian food, then this is the place to go.
Great place to check out! very good authentic cuisine at an excellent price. Ill be back here on a regular basis.
This is a great place to eat. I has the Lamb with Spinach and it was FANTASTIC.  They are very accommodating when it comes to what level of spice you want in your dish, you can get your dish mild, but I asked for it spicey. The food was great, but this place got a 4/5 due to the ok service. They were slow to refill drinks, but our waiter was very kind and if he had tried a little harder my experience would have been near perfect. I would highly recommend this little restaurant if you want GREAT FOOD and are willing to live with ok service.
Was way better when tandor chicken was served hot off the grill. In buffet its cold and not very good.
Passed this place on 301 a couple times and decided to try it tonight on a whim: had a blast. It's located on 301 just north of 12th street in the space that used to be J.R. Pho. While the ambiance was lacking in the typical 301/strip-mall fashion, you need to forget that and come here for the food! Dinner started with some crispy Papadum with two delicious chutneys (one creamy mint, the other tangy tamarind). For our entrees, we got Karela Chicken Curry and Chicken Saag. The Karela Chicken was the best Indian curry I've ever had/can imagine. My partner really enjoyed their Chicken Saag and the rice held all of that delicious sauce wonderfully. The naan was perfect: light with crisp edges. For desert, we had some amazing gajar ka halwa (grated carrot pudding). After finishing our satisfying, but not over-filling, we had a great time chatting it up with the owner (Narendra). Apparently, he's been cooking all over the world with the goal to make the best food possible. Luckily, he has decided to settle down in SRQ. I can't wait to come back for the lunch buffet! TLDR: Great service, superb food, very fair prices, 301 location is forgivable (it's all about the delicious food!).
