Hob Nob burger w/ everything, onion rings & a cold Stella...nothin' short o' awesome!
Why three stars? Because it is an old-school burger joint with tasty food in a convenient location. The Hob Nob is a Sarasota tradition, which gives it an element of charm. Located right on US 301 and 17th Street, it's a great place to pop into for a quick bite. The atmosphere is very casual and diner-esque, with a retro vibe that will leave one looking around for the T-Birds and Pink Ladies. While they are known for their burgers, the real draws for me are the milkshakes. They are thick, creamy, and perfect to assuage a hot Sarasota day.
food was not that great, frozen fries yuck! my chili cheese dog had too much cheese and chili I needed a fork and was basic. small cups for water also unappealing.. won't be back.
Only 2 stars because I couldn't taste the meat on my burger. School sized patty on bun with more lettuce tomato and pickles then meat. Service was good waitresses friendly. It would have been better with at least a 1/4 pound patty.
Just moved to the area and I noticed to black and white tiled facility as I drove down the street.great food reminds me of the places in California that had girls on skates. This place does not,  but the food is good and the shakes are great!                                                    I have to down grade my review after my last visit. The chili cheese fry was horrible.  The chili tastes as though it came from a can. Don' t waste your money. The shakes and sandwiches were still wonderful. We spent $40 on 3 sandwiches,  a huge chili cheese fry and 3 drinks.
I'm just cruisin' around on the north side and all of a sudden I get pulled into a time vortex. I've been pulled back into the 50s. I recognize it because (I've been in the 50s before, and I see) shiny checkerboard floor, the servers rushing back and forth like their hair is on fire,  sandwiches wrapped in paper, baskets served in . . . baskets for cryin' out loud! So I order a cheeseburger basket. Burger thick and flavorful - but frozen.  Fries big, hot, krinkle cut - also frozen. Cole slaw uniformly cut, wet with sauce - a little bland. Shake large, flavorful,  and maybe, just maybe, made with real ice cream, it was that good. Didn't see or hear any gum - crackin' from the servers, but they were fast, courteous, attentive, and efficient.  Noticed that they helped each other out and were alert to customers' wants and needs. I was enjoyin' this little trip back in time, and then, ka-zow! I'm blasted back into the 21st century!  I got the bill. Yowee, $12.75 for a cheeseburger basket and a shake! Back on the fifties, my dad almost could have fed a family of seven for that!
Hob Nob has almost everything going for it; great Sarasota location, perfect retro 1950's atmosphere and décor, and on point staff.  We grabbed a seat at the counter and made friends with the waitress.  The menu looked delightful with all of the classics.  An extra side of onion rings was in order, because it was a festive kind of day.  Even ordered a milkshake instead of a soda to drink, to put the whole experience over the edge. What is the problem, then? The pre-frozen, cooked-till-dry amoeba shaped pre-formed burgers that and not even seasoned with salt and pepper.  The burger is the problem.  If the burgers are the main specialty that you serve, get it right. The milkshake was divine.
We finally decided to eat at Hob Nob after living in Sarasota for many years. Since we heard great reviews and many people raved about it. However, our experience was not so great as we expected. Here is our run down of pros and cons: Pros: Fast service, and fun atmosphere Cons: Burger was sub par, fish a bit soggy, onion rings were bland, our waitress was polite but didn't explain much or ask enough questions which lead to an over charge Overall experience for the kids was good. Perhaps we had high hopes based on our friends experiences that lead us to avoid Hob Nob in the future. We find a better value with similar themed atmosphere at Five Guys or Cheeseburger, cheeseburger.
Heart attack on a plate....but fun for a change.  Lots of different fried choices to choose from as well as hot dogs and burgers.  They are also noted for their milkshakes-plenty of flavors.  Others had mentioned it was reasonably priced, but with a milkshake, entree, and side, it could add up a little.  Definitely an old Sarasota favorite to check out.
On a sunny 80 degree Sarasota weather. Nothing is greater than dinning outside when the rest of the country is still in cold, rainy or snowy. Here at the city of America's Number 1 beach, the Siesta Key Beach is not the only fun thing to do when in town. No there are plenty to do. I am enjoying one of the best burgers of these outdoors, well, at least on this side of Sarasota. This place is not only a piece of history in Sarasota, but it gives you the feeling of old Americana and back in the 50's and 60's of old simple days of driving to a drive-in while biting into one of America's favorite foods.... A place for you to even expect Fonzie or Richie to show up.... From burgers to cold cut sandwiches.. All in good taste. This is certainly a touristy and fun place to visit, while in town.
How could I not have written a review of hob nob?  I've been there a ton of times.  Must have just slipped my mind or something.   This is a serious old time kind of place.  A dive on the side of the road that serves up some tasty burgers and other things.  The blackened fish sandwiches are good as well.  This is the kind of place where the ancient flat top grill is the secret to great burgers.  The place can be full of real characters so the people watching is great as well.   Keep your 5 guys, come here and get a good burger and some old time Florida fun.   They could use a better beer selection but what are you going to do?  Just order a hob nob special, get an ice tea and watch the free entertainment.
Hob Nob serves up the best burger you will find in Sarasota. What's even better is that they cook 'em up real fast, too! It's right near the airport which makes this my perfect quick bite to eat before I hop on the plane. It always ends my vacation on a good note. The burgers are great, the fries are tasty, and my dad loves their melts. I think that you're probably gonna end up with somethin' good with whatever you order. It's drive-in food, but it's good. And the atmosphere is cute. Who wouldn't want to eat outdoors when you're in Florida?
Oh, how I miss the Hob Nob Drive In. This was a place I looked forward to when we would come to Sarasota on family vacations. My dad, my sis and I would come here and sit at the counter on a hot day. BEST onion rings ever. Retro feel and definitely a little divey, but that is right up my alley!
This place is a Sarasota institution and has been around since the 50's. Back then there were only a few paved roads and not a lot going on. Now Sarasota has grown exponentially, but the Hob Nob is is still serving up amazing burgers, fries, and some seriously amazing milkshakes. Most recently, I was in Sarasota and in need of a delicious repast. My mom has coffee here every morning (you can smoke here because all of the seating is outside. This was good for her and bad for me). We arrived, found a picnic table, and our waitress appeared immediately. I had a cheeseburger, fries, and a root beer. The burger was cooked medium/medium well, but wasn't tough and still plenty juicy. It comes with mustard and I added American cheese with shaved lettuce, tomato, ketchup and mayo. The potato bun was soft and was soaked in juice by the time I reached the last bite. The fries are large-cut and perfect for me - not too crispy. In fact, I prefer them soggy, but that's a talk thread in and of itself. Also of note, the root beer was from a soda fountain which usually tastes watered down. This time around it was fantastic.
The only reason anyone would eat here is for the novelty experience of eating at an old outdoor diner. The food itself is usually sub-par, and you are paying almost $3 for a soda, $7 for a frozen-patty burger (not including under-cooked fries). If you have that kind of money to spend on food that could easily be better for less (there's a Wendy's nearby if you'd like to make a comparison), then this place won't be too upsetting. Otherwise skip it. Or you too can experience soap-water mist from the car wash next door blown all over you and your food on a windy day (or smell the bulk trash 'round back).
While the floats are good, the burgers are plain and over-priced. Nothing too special and very crowded. If it were a bit cheaper I would keep going there, but for a burger I can make at home, I'd expect at least a ceiling fan for the Florida heat. Lots of colorful characters though.
Yes it has retro charm, but it is better to go to McDonald's than come here. The fries are terrible, so are the onion rings. The shrimp are frozen from a box and the kind that are 99% breading, 1% shrimp, the rest of the food we had was barely OK. All of it was badly fried, dripping in grease. AVOID.
If I could give the Hob Nob Burger a six, I would. I have to say it ranks up there as one of the best burgers I have ever eaten-IMHO. However, my wife had the tuna melt and gave it a "just ok" rating. Beyond reasonably priced; two people, softdrinks, sang-whiches (northen accent), upgraded to onion rings--we barely cracked 20 bucks. Interesting place/location too...don't know if I could sit out there in the middle of August with no A/C, but the Hob Nob burger is calling me back.
I am from New York and I did love my burger and oddly it was only $4.50 unlike the guy below.  It was delicious and the bun was just the right consistency of freshness. I wish I had tried the fries but shared onion rings with a friend instead. They were good but I prefer bread crumb breading. The service was great. My fountain coke was refilled twice and it bubbliness was perfect. Best part was the wonderful breeze, which for Florida is rare. I also don't understand why I got a ketchup bottle and my burger was much bigger than a McDonalds burger, again unlike the other guy below.  I am wondering if he is reviewing the correct place??
The Hob Nob, a landmark diner and ex drive-in located in Sarasota, FL. This place has been there for over 50 years and it was my parent's first date spot.  The menu hasn't changed a bit and neither has their excellent burgers and chilli-cheese fries!  Order those two items and a Chocolate malt and you have heaven on a platter.  I definetly recommend Hob Nob.  It is a great place for no frills good burgers,fries and shakes.
We really enjoyed our burgers, fries and chocolate shake here. My only issue is that I'm pretty sure the burgers are frozen. What really makes the meal are the condiments on the burger (bun, mayo, pickle, lettuce,etc). So for that reason I can't bring myself to give more than 3 stars. But for a quick fun place for a good burger, it sure beats the fast food joints!  (Plus it's good to support local businesses!)
You take a bite of the burger and go: "hmmm, that's a tasty burger". The way it was dressed made it taste great, not so much the meat itself, which was somewhat lost among the toppings. A minor hit because of the entire experience. May try two burgers next time, one dressed and one plain to see if the meat holds up. Had it with onion rings, which were crispy and tasty. Had a fear that my stomach would be rumbling and fighting back, but no such occurrence.
We drove by Hob Nob while cruising around lost in Sarasota. It looks like a dive, and in a sense it is, but it had that old fashion look of places that I used to visit as a kid. It has been around since the 50's, so they must be doing something right. I do want to stress that I was not around in the 50's! :-)) I did what any normal, intelligent person would do and Yelped it. The reviews were good, so we u-turned to try it for ourselves. It's a burger joint. Lunch counter and few tables... all outdoors. Friendly servers and quick service.  Pricing is average. Now for the food. The burgers were very good. Fresh toppings and fresh buns. Fries are okay, regular frozen crinkle cut stuff. Onion rings appeared to be beer battered, served with a dipping sauce and quite tasty. The milkshake was the bomb! Thick and delish. I wouldn't hesitate to go back. Unless you're hoity toity and turn your nose up at places that are not pristine, you'll enjoy it too.
I had to put this place at 5 stars to cover up the fact Kelly K gave it a 1 star due to no high chairs. The hob nob is a drive up restaurant that's mostly made of bar stools. This i
Best burgers and root beer in town! Service is always fast and the fries are always amazing. I've been going here for as long as I can remember. When my parents and I would visit Florida before we moved here, this was the first place I always insisted on going. Although my only complaint, now that I'm older is I always hear the staff talking amongst themselves (and sometimes with customers) about their personal lives and how so and so is cheating on so and so and how their house is trashed because so and so broke in. So don't sit at the bar if you don't want to listen to staff possibly complain. They have been better about it in recent weeks though. Parking is very tight too, so if you are going with a group of friends, try taking as few vehicles as possible.
I love this kinda shit! An open air, Florida burger joint.  Only had the milkshake but just seeing the hot, greasy burgers wrapped in their paper wrappers made me want to jump across the counter and destroy about 3 of them.  But my GF wouldn't let me...I even tried to order a small fry and she vetoed (we had just had a late breakfast).  I can't wait to go here for a proper burger freak out.
Now this is a buger joint.  Old Time buger joint tho.in the summer month's tis very muggy N hot! So if ya don't like the heat ya might not like this place. but i luv it year around good place to people watch it's outside under  covered table's .the food is good N juicy. not often i get cold fry's here! price isn't at all bad so i give it a 4 star's
3 words: NO HIGH CHAIRS. Bah! We drove down half a block and ate breakfast at IHOP instead. Poo poo on them.
Great experience!  It's like stepping back in time ... good old fashioned burgers, fries, hot dogs, BLTs and more at fair prices!  It's just good food.  Outdoor seating only at picnic tables complete the experience.  Don't get your panties in a bunch if you have kids and need high chairs - they just sell good food!
If you want a good juicy burger -- nothing fancy, just a burger, this is the place. They serve beer and fries as well as breakfast items and specials. The fries were a bit overdone, but again -- it's just a burger joint. Also, don't go on s scorching hot day. It is an outdoor, covered building, so not conducive to real hot temperatures.
Not too shabby! A unique outdoor eating experience. Burgers, fries, kinda stuff. Can get very crowded during lunch. This place has been in Sarasota for years. Slightly on the pricey side but good and fast service.
Aw yay! I love Hob Nob. It's obviously nothing phenomenal but this place is just great for a burger, plain and simple. It's low-key, quaint, and has a great atmosphere. I have to come back everytime I'm in town!
Very much enjoyed the food and service here.  What I love about the area is the amount of local places to eat that are very good!  Hob Nob is no different, its a classic burger joint that makes excellent food!  If you're in the mood for good filling burger and fries... check out hob nob for lunch.
It just don't get no better then this! A Hob Nob Burger Chili Cheese fries and a Chocolate malt. Followed immediately by a NAP! Service always great and priced for the whole family. Been many times and look forward to returning many more times.
Great burgers....great service and old fashioned french fries.  Try the Hob Nob burger....messy but really good.
Awesome dive diner, great burger and onion rings, very charming atmosphere and a long history in Sarasota. Come try it!
The hob nob is one of the very reasons I miss spending my summers in Sarasota.  My dad would always take me here while we were "running errands" Great place! I loved sitting up at the counter and having a hamburger.  The only down side I can remember is the heat in the middle of August outside! Who doesn't like a drive-in restaurant?
Not bad but definitely not 5 stars. The burger is decent and the fries are good, I even tried a strawberry milkshake hoping it would live up to the hype...it didn't.  I wouldn't drive out of my way to eat here but wouldn't pass it up either. 5 guys, duffys, and blu smoke still among my favorites.
This is a great place. Excellent burgers and onion rings!  My wife had the patty melt I opted for the traditional burger...neither of us was disappointed.  Nice waitress helped,too.  Just a great vibe in an old fashioned, friendly burger joint.  I recommend it to everyone.
As good as everyone says it is!  Get the chocolate malt!
The waitresses are so nice, but the food lacks.  Very bland, and not impressive.
Ok so it is an outside joint!!! Burger was good and fresh ..... a little small but  good I'll come back !!
Had a double cheeseburger (twenty-five cents more than a normal cheeseburger), onion rings, fries, and a milkshake.   Cheeseburger was good, bun a little soft, fries and onion rings were crispy and good.  The milk shake was great...very strong chocolate flavor a bit hershey syrup tasting but still very tasty.  The service was also very good.
Lunch drive-in, dive-in. Old Florida joint celebrating good cheap food, picnic bench seating to make new (maybe questionable) friends. Bathroom surprisingly clean for the ladies.
remolded and nice , traffic is always fun to watch as we have our vanilla bean root beer floats mmmmmm.
It's an open air, old style diner w/efficient wait staff. If casual style offends try the Ritz. One of few places for inexpensive breakfast
I recently moved to Sarasota and was told hob nob was an institution.  I tried it with a group of friends.  It is without a doubt the worst food I was ever served and I thought hard about that.  Friends all ordered the popular burgers and fries.  The burgers were grey, greasy previously frozen patties, the fries dried out and greasy (must have been on the bottom of the freezer too long) I had fish and chips....the overly heavy battered,skinny frozen,fish fillets were saturated with grease and my fries were also dried out and greasy.  An experience not to be repeated. Can't fathom the good reviews.  When I crave a burger it is hand made, thick, juicy, charred on the outside, pink in the middle....no resemblance to what is served at Hob Nob but then what can you expect from a burger that cost $3.75?
