Beauty of Sprouts has been open several months and we only found out about it recently ...agh, what we've been missing... ;-) The food is fabulous... we tried a few different things and everything was really tasty (and meticulously made by Rano who really cares about the ingredients)...  The desserts were also yummy - even took some away for dessert tonight too!! ;-) It's great to have someone in SRQ who cares so much about high quality raw and vegan food and we're really lucky to have a cafe/restaurant like this in town... Absolutely loved it - cannot recommend highly enough and we will be back... :-)
Awesome if you want to try something good and different. If you like vegetables you can't go wrong PS:  I'm not even a vegan!
It's hard not to love a place you found by accident and that has turned out to be a refreshing palette reset button. The pictures taken record my 4th visit to Rano's. Here is a  place where I don't mind waiting. I embrace all the distinct flavors bursting from each bite, not to mention the creativity and hard work going onto each plate. The fennel and beet salad was new for me. Am I a huge lover of beets? No. Do I adore this salad? Yes. The balsamic and fennel tame the beets into sweetness. The guacamole is simple and delicious, the avocados melt in your mouth and the bits of cilantro are like little herbal gifts. Yes, this is how I describe guacamole. If you find yourself downtown and thirsty try the homemade Ginger tea on ice. Quickly followed by the lavender creme brûlée, because...why not? You do what you want. Every visit to BOS is a journey, with little surprises and wonderful conversation along the way. Rano, I'm so glad you're here :)
So happy that this little gem is here! The owner is super friendly and everything we had was wonderful. Excellent flavors and of course very fresh food! The service is a little slow because it's only the owner, but it's worth it for the awesome food, drinks and desserts, not to mention the clean and welcoming atmosphere. My mom really loved the spring rolls and I liked the sandwich.
Are moaning and groaning with tastebud ecstasy permitted in reviews? Tough to put Rano's flavors and textures into words.  Be good  eating good feeling good and everything that so far has been across my lips is beyond excellent. The veg taco was my favorite. Then the kale salad squeezed into a tie for first. Soup of sprouts, beans and veggies took a turn for the lead and reminded me that the nutrients and the live food is what gives this restaurant its zing. Rano is the secret ingredient. You deserve to experience how carefully and precisely she handles the preparation. Simple food. Divine experience. Worth any trip distance. And here's betting you return, too.
I came to visit this town with my family and since we are vegetarian, I decided find a nice place to eat. This is the best vegetarian food in town and also the best vegan food I've ever tried. The owner/chef is a loving person and the food is made with love. Highly recommended!!!
This woman is a genius, really. Most unique food in Sarasota. The Onion Bread sandwich is exactly what I've missed since saying goodbye to bread, dairy, and soy. We also got a burrito, which was awesome, the best guac I've ever had, and I'm still trying to figure out how she made those crackers. I have to go back to try all of the desserts, but damn, the lavender creme brûlée was to die for. My favorite restaurant, for sure.
5 stars for the tasty, healthy food. But it is slow, it feels like eating at someone's house. We had the Chicha Morada drink, nice, a taco salad, really good fresh lettuce instead of tortilla and fresh spring roll wrapped on a thin coconut crepe wrapping the fresh veggies and a dipping sauce that was spot on. Bring a book if alone, or friends to pass the time! Because I repeat, it is slow, takes for ever for the food to arrive because the owner(?) prepares the food from scratch and does everything else too. It is very expensive and not too filling.
Had lunch here based on opinions of other Yelpers! We were not disappointed. The owner/chef is extremely passionate about what she does and that passion shows up in her food. Very innovative , fresh, organic, home grown and handled with love . The ginger tea was wow. And we ordered the onion sandwich which was superb. If you are used to raw, vegan. Organic and homemade you will love this place. Highly recommend and will return.
Fresh, flavorful, organic, healthy, and mostly raw. It's so nice to have a local place I can count on (and trust) for great food! Today, I got the spring rolls (in a coconut wrap) and the pizza with a side salad. All delish!
If you enjoy a new twist on old favorites, check out Beauty of Sprouts.  We ordered about six items from the menu and each was uniquely tasty and beautifully presented. We had a greens juice, a couple of spring rolls (very yumm!), pad Thai, a veggie soup with pretty edible flowers on top, then creme brûlée and tiramisu for dessert.  It was all dairy free and gluten free and absolutely delicious.  Plus, the chef is friendly and very accommodating. This place is a little jewel in the neighborhood.
Just found this place today - had the ginger tea (homemade) and spring rolls. So fresh and delicious. The owner is very sweet and aims to please. I can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu !
We were in town visiting from Miami and looking for vegan fare when a yelp search turned up this little gem.  AMAZING.  The owner Rano greets you as soon as you wander in and is happy, exciting and eager to serve you her homemade vegan delights.  The menu was beautiful and w so many options we were happily overwhelmed with healthy, tempting options.  Settled on spring rolls and butternut squash ravioli as appetizers and the raw pizza with a side salad for entree.  Top notch, organic, delicious, flavorful.  Beyond satisfied with all my choices.  Took home pad thai for dinner and the CANT MISS tiramisu (BEST. EVER.).  If you're vegan, raw, gluten free or just health conscious, you have to check it out. I will be back to Sarasota just to eat and begged Rano to open in Miami!
The food is so fresh and eating raw has never tasted to vibrant. Try the smoothies, pad thai lasagna and don't you dare leave without the tiramisu!
The best Vegan/Raw food restaurant in SRQ. Everything was so fresh and deliciously flavorful! We had the guacamole appetizer, the lasagna, and the burrito with mouthwatering salsa. If your in the mood for something sweet try the creme brûlée!
I have totally enjoyed everything I have eaten at Beauty of Sprouts. The guacamole is outstanding and fresh and delicious. The lasagne is my favorite with its wonderful flavors and textures. The desserts are fabulous and I am always excited to try something new at Beauty of Sprouts.  I am so happy that this restaurant is here in SRQ.
Imaginative, bold, and creative - and so very tasty. I felt more awake after dinner! The zucchini "pasta", which included turmeric and ginger, was fantastic, as was guacamole and the "sandwich". All gluten free, and almost all of the menu is raw. They even have filtered alkaline water!  Highly recommended.
My new favorite place to eat in Sarasota!Unique, innovative and inspirational! Everything from the  coconut spring rolls to the raw tiramisu!! Amazing!!! Thank you for making real food taste so good!!!
This place is a hidden gem! The owner is so sweet and the inside is very quaint. I'm not even a vegan but everything I had was absolutely delicious and full of flavor. The sandwich was our favorite entree. The onion bread and hummus really made it spectacular. The lasagna was so flavorful and filling! The guacamole was extremely fresh and the tiramisu was out of this world! Don't pass up the opportunity to check this place out. The menu changes all the time and the owner is always willing to take suggestions!
The sandwich was excellent...and I'm not even a vegan! The tiramisu was life changing.
Going into this restaurant feels like going into an older aunt's living room, complete with curio cabinet. I believe that the woman who took our order and prepared our food may have been the owner, and she was a very kind and friendly person. The lasagna and the mixed greens salad were both excellent. The other foods that our party had were less delicious. The butternut squash ravioli was exceptionally chewy. The almond smoothly was very bitter. The burrito was very high in garlic and low in other flavors. Prices seemed disproportionately high. Nonetheless, I would definitely return for that lasagna.
Was looking for something in the area after a half day at a spa nearby. Stumbled on this GEM by accident! The food was fresh and delicious, the service was friendly and personal. Ordered a wonderful meal there and took more to go.
Sure to impress culinary experts, gluten-free/vegan customers, and anyone with taste buds for flavorful healthy food! I really cannot say enough about this amazing restaurant. Rano (the owner) puts her whole heart into the quality of her produce, the outcome of every dish, and the atmosphere each customer enjoys. She takes no short cuts EVER. The flavors, textures, and creativity infused into each dish make this restaurant shine amidst its culinary counterparts. The atmosphere is clean, crisp and positive, and Rano is very receptive to suggestions- whether regarding preparations of your meal or the menu itself. If I could add another star I would. I absolutely love Rano and everything she has put into her business, the space, as well as these mouthwatering and healthy dishes. You will leave feeling positive, satisfied and light as a feather. Cannot wait to come back.
Don't miss this delectable restaurant vegan   And scrumptious Rana is a genius in the kitchen everything is fresh organic and tasty
Very nice.  It was our first time here.  We ordered the Pad Thai and the Lasagna.  The Pad Thai was good, but the Lasagna was out of this world!  Just and explosion of flavor!  Rano uses quality all organic ingredients, and it shows!
We arrived at 5pm with no expectations.  We left very surprised and satisfied.  None of our group are vegans, but we all enjoyed trying various items on the menu.  We ordered The pad Thai, the pizza, the vegetable "pasta", the squash ravioli, the spring rolls, gazpacho, and some assorted beverages.  All of the food was delicious without exception.  We had room to split a couple of deserts: lavender creme brûlée and the tiramisu.  All items were vegan and dairy free AND delicious.  Highly recommend visiting this new restaurant!
So yummy! I love healthy food but am sometimes a vegan sceptic, and this place is seriously making me consider going vegan! The flavors are exciting and fun, and the ingredients are thoughtfully selected. The menu changes often, so it's always fun to come back. Suggestions if you're looking for inspiration: (0) drinks: horchata is excitingly spicy and sweet; kombucha is deliciously sour and refreshing; (1) starters: gazpacho is super fresh; (2) entrees: pasta is mildly spicy and colorful; pad thai has a pleasant coconutty flavor, crunchy kale and satisfying kelp noodles; (3) dessert: lavender creme brûlée is hands down the most exquisite, with notes of gentle flowers blanketed with a yummy syrup. Ummm, so in short, this place is awesome!
