We saw the museum and decided to drop in. Luckily it was a Monday and the museum was free.  We had a bite in the restaurant and the meal was great. I had the antipasto and it was tasty and not filling. My wife had the crabcake and it to was delicious. No filling, just crab. Can't speak to the service because we were the only ones there and had the undivided attention.  Food wise and atmosphere was pleasant.
We did not have a very good experience at Treviso. It was a busy Thursday night, and the restaurant seemed overwhelmed and ill-equipped to handle the crowd. The food was decent. We had the classic antipasto and the veal piccatta. I was expecting a lot better for how nice the place looks and the nature of its clientele. Situated at the Ringling Museum grounds, it is nice and modern looking on the inside, and offers outdoor seating with a view to the circus museum and the lovely Ringling Museum grounds. The customers are well-to-do and presumably frequent area restaurants often. But the service was just atrocious. We waited a really long time for our food, which came out not entirely fresh, and for our check (we had a special request for splitting the check, too, which our server did not remember). The wait for our food was about half of the time the table next to us had to wait for their food (and they were there before us), and the people at that table were noticeably and understandably upset, prompting the manager to come out and apologize. It's probably a tad trivial, but our table (outside) was creaky and distractingly off-balance. We love Sarasota, and love the Ringling Museum. Unfortunately, our experience at Treviso makes it highly unlikely that we will go back, especially on a busy night.
A very nice meal in a very nice setting.  Has some European flair and some local emphasis.
I've been here many times, mostly for lunch.  The experience is always and consistently good enough to return to, but never anything that I look forward to, or seek out to return to.  This place has the right elements in place, but service can be incredibly inefficient and slow, and unprofessional, while the food is slightly better than gourmet diner. Location is likely the best thing to say here...it's among lovely grounds, and in the nearby vicinity to the local cultures.
It's so sad that the food emporium in Sarasota's premier attraction is mediocre. Cafeteria style seating, untrained and not terribly interested waitstaff are indicative of the lack of execution. They opened up a door behind us. It was a very windy damp day, and when I requested they close it, i got a reluctant okay. The food, which is billed as Italian, Continental, American is just okay. After all, what is Italian, Continental, American? Plus it's pricey for what you get. But their audience is captive.
This is a brief update to my two year old review of Treviso; the Summer Special continues @ $39.95 per couple and is a great value for a complete well prepared meal including a bottle of wine.  The menu choices are the same or similar to what I listed in the previous review. It was a busy Saturday night (they take reservations) and it was particularly noticeable the back-up help that the assistant manager Michael Patterson provided to the servers and runners.  He kept the operation running smoothly and even remembered my name at the end of the meal. It's a good looking place with lots of parking, excellent service and well prepared food.  For the quality it's a wonderful value with or without a special, a great place to enjoy a quiet dinner or lunch.  With cooler weather (hopefully) due to arrive soon they have a beautiful outdoor patio too!
Worst service in Sarasota.  If you want to be ignored and wait interminably, this is the place for you
This is the restaurant at the Ringling Museum. We weren't able to eat here, but we stopped in for a drink before going to a play at the Asolo Theater next door. This is an absolutely great venue & I wish we could have had a meal here. We fully intend to return & provide a more detailed review!
They do it right. The best deal for me is LUNCH!!  They have amazing salads and antipasto. The burger and Fries are really good too! You just cannot beat lunch for the money! Plus sitting out on the deck looking at the grounds with a glass of wine makes for a winning afternoon. Trust this review! you WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!! This Place is located in the Ringling Museum. I  often go just for lunch!!  Some Pics Posted!
The food was good, but they are severely lacking in customer service. We made reservations for dinner before the theater, they lost the reservation and basically treated us as if it was our fault, or worse, we were somehow lying to them. They offered our party of 3 a tiny table for 2 in an upstairs room that resembled someone's rec room. When we were dismayed and opted to sit at the bar, we were treated like we were a problem - it felt as if they were talking about us. The hostess never apologized. If we did not have the theater and no other options (valentine's day!) we would have left. There were empty tables the entire time we were there. The food was good and the bar tender sweet, but definitely not worth the $200 we spent.
Convenient location at Ringling Museum, pricey, excellent service... For a relaxed lunch in between galleries or tours of Ca'D'Zan, this is the place. Light salads, soups, nouvelle portions and high prices come with the convenience of eating on campus, e.g. small caesar salad with grilled chicken breast, $18.00 -- there you go. At the same time, our waitress was a delight, friendly, patient, offered refills on the coffee with cheer.
Any visit to the Ringling Museum should begin with lunch at the Treviso. Incredibly fresh food - I witnessed a chef clipping his garden herbs from a small patch - attentive service and excellent value for money ($14 entrees). Please can we hope for something similar in Washington DC ?
I had the grilled grouper on foccacia bread. Very tasty lunch. We also had the chicken salad. It was the new kind with fruit and nuts in it. Not my favorite but it looked OK and there were no complaints. We were able to get in right away. Wait staff was OK. I'm not sure that you can eat here without first buying a pass to the Ringling Museum of Art.
I really enjoy Sleek.  Treviso delivers.  This restaurant is appointed in minimalist tables and chairs, with a wonderful black and white photo transfer of Asolo, Italy running the length of the room.  Slatted metal chairs adorn a terrace that looks onto well manicured gardens.  Inside, the room is a long shotgun-style space, with an ever changing light at night, reminscent of the old Christmas tree wheels that threw multi-colored light through paper.  Uniquely atmospheric.  My salmon was grilled perfectly, leaving a pink center, and arriving on a bed of julienned vegetables.  My friend's pasta was said to be al dente and pleasing.  I was particularly happy to receive bonafide decaf coffee after dinner:  The world is too full of sadistic coffee slingers who promise decaf and  ~ wink-wink, nudge-nudge ~ pony up the high test.   Well done, Treviso!
This little place was in the Ringling property. It was surprisingly one of the better lunches we had in Sarasota. A little pricey for lunch but easily justifiable on vacation.
Really crappy & overpriced. Sadly, it was the only option available, but, boy, did we regret it afterwards! The toasted ravioli was not  at all toasted, but seriously deep-fried, the chicken salad was blah at best (& ick at worst), AND they screwed up our check, which took a half hour to sort out. The only saving graces here are the house-made light green pickles, which are kind of nice, & Yuengling beer on tap, which is a bit of a novelty. My Sister's burger might've been okay, but decidedly not $11 worth of okay.
Wow. Talk about frozen food gone bad...manager George was an idiot. Service was rushed and un professional.  Great wine list but no one knows how to sell it! Wont be back...
Ups and downs. A little better than three stars but not quite four. Never once got a water refill. Burger ordered medium was well. Margarita pizza had roasted garlic cloves that would have been great but one had a crunch in the middle and wasn't cooked enough. Antipasto, Ravioli, caprese sandwich, all really good. We ordered an espresso that came out cold and the waitress said it was taking so long to reheat because the microwave was full of the kitchens food. ......  Hostess and waitress's were very kind. Food came out in a timely manner. Our table overall was satisfied. Prices for lunch weren't bad. Really nice outdoor dining.
Good location as others mention--on the Ringling Museum grounds with outdoor seating looking over a pond and plenty inside when it's hot. It's a handy place in north Sarasota for lunch or dinner if you're coming from the airport. Food ranges from so-so to quite good--it really depends on what you order. I'd pitch the pizzas--they only do 2 and they've changed recently. The Roma pizza--roma tomatoes sliced long & cooked until they form a kind of sauce-like base, roasted garlec cloves, mozz of course, and shreds of basil was simply excellent. As close to Italian pizza as you get here w/a very thin semolina crust. I've had fish done well here, though I'm not a fan of their tuna--I don't like the smokey rub on the outside. The crab cake on greens (dinner only) is a standby for me. There's a new Grilled Chicken Greek salad that I thought was also quite good--a slight teryaki flavor to the exterior, sliced, on a good salad of romaine lettuce, olives, feta, grape tomatoes, onion, and a couple large pepperocini. Some other things in the past have been style over substance to my taste, but it's a good call for a professional lunch and they do have a decent beer and wine list.
We were very disappointed with Traviso. With the catering manager we planned a birthday party menu only to be told when we arrived for the party that they did not have the risotto nor the asparagus that we requested. Instead we were given a small serving of nondescript mashed potatoes and a few slices of zucchini that, while tasty, were few. The food lacked color and serving sizes were embarrassingly small. Having 12 friends present we could not go to another restaurant. On a positive note, the waitstaff were pleasant and efficient.
Really convenient if visiting the circus museum or art museum. We had the sushi grade tuna salad. Was rare, but good. I wished that i had soy sauce and wasabe mustard. Nice weather and ate outside. May need to wait and/or obtain reservations.
Best chicken fettuccine alfredo ever! Worst unsweetened Mango Tea but that is what I get for ordering unsweetened.
