5 stars for food, ambience, cleanliness and service.  Other reviews led me to this charming gem of a house for a late breakfast. Located on fruitville rd in Sarasota.  They serve breakfast all day and lunch after 11.  They are open until 2:30 Driving up, you see a bright yellow house with a cute little front porch. There is a small gravel parking lot. Plenty of parking in the rear. Apparently this place can get crowded but as luck would have it, we had no wait for our table of 3. They have a covered patio in the back but we dined inside. The food options are the usual and not so usual breakfast items.  The quiche of the day was filled with vegetables and individually made. Very flavorful and served with breakfast potatoes. My dining companions both got the hungry breakfast with eggs and taters, toast instead of grits and pancake. Up charge to sub for macadamia nut pancake. Our server was Amy and she was spot on with refills and very pleasant. Am intrigued by several of the lunch items so a return visit will be a definite!
Worst service ever. I was the only minority in the restaurant and I felt discriminated. I was waiting outside for 10 mins and a group of elderly people was able to enter without a reservation.  Last time I came with a group of non minority friends and I was treated with extreme cordiality. Thanks breakfast house for reminding me that even when I'm an educated individual I will be second class to you.
Loved this place. We went to check out The Artful Giraffe and went here for lunch. Delightful, friendly and attentive staff. They also have shaded dining in patio area out back. Shrimp and Grits and Eggs Benedict were  fabulous. Lots of shops to check out, art galleries, places to take a variety of classes and very plentiful and convenient parking with easy. Walk between buildings. A truly wonderful atmosphere and experience in this village.
This adorable downtown restaurant is a favorite of some members of my family but somehow took me 2+ years of living in the area to actually try. A morning meeting nearby finally led Gabriel and I to the opportunity and we arrived to find a sweet, homey, atmosphere with colorful chairs, flowers and decor, and a great mix of other patrons. A friendly waitress brought us menus and ice water and a fresh orange juice at my request. The special omelette was too tempting to pass up and I made my choice right after hearing it's description. Gabriel was happy to see one of his favorites on the menu- and easily decided to order the shrimp and grits after the waitress's rave review. Everything arrived quickly, and was perfect. My omelette with artichokes, gruyere and mushrooms hit the spot, and the toast with jam was just right on the side. Gabriel's shrimp and grits really was fantastic- quite possibly the best we've had, and a sure thing to be ordered again when we go back. It shouldn't have taken us this long to eat here...we will definitely go again. If it's a little cooler outside we will probably sit in the garden in back- it's all rather sweet and welcoming. Maybe we'll see you there!
This is an adorable breakfast nook in downtown Sarasota. They serve breakfast and lunch! We went on a Wednesday morning and it wasn't busy at all however, as soon as we entered we were greeted by an impolite hostess. He was very hasty and look awfully tired. At first I thought, maybe he's having a bad day? Then, I realized it was on 9am! However, when he finally sat us down our servers were fantastic! The food was great. We got the house special which was a pumpkin and white chocolate stuffed french toast and Eggs Benedict. The french toast was incredible however, the hollandaise sauce on the eggs benedict was very gooey and tasted sour. We also ordered orange juice which was delightful yet, expensive ($3 for a small glass!) Overall, the ambiance and cleanliness give it a 4.
Loved this little yellow house! Darling and fresh , bright interior and very friendly staff. Now, to the food. This was our second visit and it was just as good.. so five stars for consistency. What a pleasure. The first visit I had a Greek Omelet this time I ordered oatmeal with granola and fresh berry compote. OMG. It came with a homemade biscuit too. Yummy , every bite . The menu is diverse and with all of the choices you will have to go back several times. We are going back for the third time next week when my family is here.
Yummy breakfast ranging from the traditional (pancakes, biscuits and gravy, eggs) to the unique (lobster omlets, white chocolate pancakes with blueberries). Cute setting. Friendly staff. Expect a bit of a wait on a Sunday morning but worth it.
Fantastic breakfast! The little house in which The Breakfast House resides is super cute & charming! Not much seating inside & they have an outdoor patio. Luckily, when we arrived about 9:30, we got the last table for 2 inside. When we left, there were about 10 people waiting (outside). Get there early! Anyway, the decor and table decorations are girly & unique....we had moo cow salt & pepper shakers. The service was good...nice, prompt, and always refilling my water & coffee. My friend ordered the biscuits & gravy, which also came with two eggs (fried, over-medium)....really, really yummy sausage gravy! I ordered the shrimp & grits, which came with a biscuit. For $3, I added 2 fried over-medium eggs, which REALLY amped up the dish. I think it would've been a bit boring without the egg yolk yummifying everything up. The shrimp was sauteed & cajun seasoned, but it would've still be lacking flavor, in my opinion, without the added eggs. I really liked that they grilled their biscuits....sounds kinda odd, but noms! I'd definitely return when back in the Sarasota area.
Good food and an adorable atmosphere. We used to eat here all the time but it started getting very busy especially in season so we stopped coming due to the wait. They have very good food and menu items I haven't seen at too many places. Sometimes the staff is attentive and sometimes they can be a little nippy. My tip is to go in the summer and not during season, or plan to go early!
I'm glad I made the time to check this place out before I head back down south. I went with the island pancakes and they were perfectly made...thick, fluffy and slightly chewy with pineapples, coconut, and macadamia nuts. You even get 3 large pancakes which I could barely finish 2. It can get to be a bit busy so sit back, enjoy your morning or afternoon beverage and relax. The food is worth the wait. It's also nice to see the hostess help out during busy times.
I came to The Breakfast House in search of some good breakfast food. I sat down after waiting 10 to 15 minutes because the place pretty full. I had the Uncle Harry's Hearty Breakfast, 2 delicious eggs any way you want them. I had them scrambled, two pancakes, two slices of apple maple bacon, grits, and one sausage with a side of white toast. This place was outstanding. Great service. great food.
Fresh and full of flavor. The island pancakes had great coconut and macadamia flavor, but needed thicker pineapple slices. I would have prefered more pineapple flavor. Greek  omelet was loaded with fresh spinach and fetta cheese.
Great food, great service, clean, with reasonable prices. Not much more you could ask for!
I always check out Yelp when I'm on vacation for some great places to eat. This place was one of them. I am so glad we came here! There were four of us...two adults and two teenagers. Everyone really enjoyed their meal. It was neat to have a restaurant set in a bungalow 1920's style house. We loved the decor on the inside of  restaurant and the friendly wait staff. I had the Island Style Pancakes. They were awesome! Nice fluffy pancakes with a piece of pineapple cooked on the bottom. The pineapple wasn't to thick and not too thin. The batter had coconut in it as well. Alan isn't very adventuresome when it comes to ordering out of the norm items. So he got his usual scrambled eggs, toast, bacon, and potatoes. He enjoyed all of it. I snuck a potato just to see how they faired. They were great! Not just a regular old potato but they had great flavor and texture.
Delicious food; generous portions. Very pleasant setting with wonderful service.  A little pricier than some breakfast places, but worth it.  The "make your own" omelet was chock full of meat.  Small place, so you may wait on Sundays.  Worth the wait.
The food, service, and ambiance is just what you want out of a breakfast place. Portions are great also.
I almost decided against coming in here. I wasn't sure of the size of the place or if it would be too stuffy for common folk such as me. However, not only was I pleasantly surprised by the setting but the staff and other patrons as well. The food is excellent. My server was so friendly and attentive that I felt like I was at home. Best pancakes I have ever had. And I have had a few after kicking around on God's little blue marble for five decades.
What a treat! We stumbled on this cute little cottage on a weekday during lunch hours. We all agreed the Island Pancakes were fantastic. They were dense and grilled to perfection. They each had a thinly shaven piece of pineapple, shaven coconut and toasted macadamia nuts cooked into the center. We enjoyed the mango (very) sweet tea based on a Yelp tip! Our waitress, Alyssa, was helpful and attentive. This is a very casual joint, and you will love it if you also come with a laid back attitude because the orders were a bit mixed up (but we didn't care).
The "Meet the business owner" is one of the worst-written descriptions I've ever read. I'd suggest a quick edit with a grammar nerd. :) Ok, aside from my quick tip to the owner, I loved this place.  It feels like you're walking into someone's living room, and the ambiance is definitely beachy Sarasota.  The tables are all a colored theme.  Our table had lime green chairs, a lime green flower in a vase, and lime green froggy salt & pepper shakers.  There were also themed tables of pink, purple, and a few other colors. I ordered the shrimp & grits. Oh, heavenly. The cheese they used in the grits was fantastic (something about a Vermont white cheddar and Key West shrimp really works). The water was served in these adorable old-fashioned Coca-Cola heavy duty glasses, and the attention to detail was astonishing for a quiet little breakfast place.  Oh, and I mentioned my gluten allergy, so the waitress offered a gluten-free bread for my toast. AWESOME! Check this place out. It's definitely worth an hour to sit back, relax, and enjoy this quaint little breakfast house.
Ok so when I checked in I was on my Cell and got fat fingered the comment. I really think this place is decent. I'm giving 2 starts for a couple of reasons. First because I had 3 strains of hair in the first plate that arrived at the table. Second, There was so much butter on the muffin that it was dripping off of it. Third, The food is just OK. They did take the meal off the check with being asked which goes very far but I was pretty much nauseated from the hair strains I think if you want to give it a try. Really not to bad of a place
Cute little house converted into an island breakfast cafe. Although is more like breakslow cafe be prepared to wait for a table and for the food but if you have all morning go for it. everything from the delicious scones to the fluffy pancakes are delectable. They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day, not after eating the ample portions, no I wasn't ready to take on the day more like go veg in the couch. Nice friendly courteous staff.
We've been driving by for years saying we had to stop, so in we went this am (Thursday at 8:50 am).  What a great breakfast!  I had to die for eggs in a basket of bread (sourdough) with home fries and my dining companion had eggs, fries and toast.  Plan about $10-$13 for breakfast, and I'd surmise given its tiny dining room (maybe 15 tables) waits could happen on the weekend.  Also don't rush, cause they don't like too either!  Absolutely worth a stop if you are in Sarasota
We stopped here on Saturday for brunch!  Wonderful meal with lovely setting. My wife had gluten-free French toast and I had the Tuscan omelette with egg whites. The omelette had pesto goat cheese, sun dried tomatoes, spinach and mushrooms. Incredible! Lots of yummy choices!
What a lovely little treasure! I love the easy breezy feeling of the decor, the staff and the breakfast. There were 3.5 of us and we all had a nice breakfast - one of us went for the French Toast special and was very pleased, my spouse had the corned beef hash & eggs and said it was light (not greasy) and yummy, I had a straight up sausage/egg/grits breakfast and it was simple and perfect. My 3 1/2 yr old had the pancakes and was very pleased, she ate those and my rye toast. There was outside seating (looked very cute with shady palm umbrellas). Service was great, place was lovely and the prices were excellent for the area and the food. Highly recommended for a sure thing.
Awesome little place with big flavor and Susan had great service!  These places can be intimidating with 3 children, but they were so accommodating, even offering our girls their own table nearby with each their own coloring book!  Incredible biscuits/sausage gravy, sampled my sis-in-laws tropical pancakes - wow!!! Also had gluten free options for my wife!!!  We will definitely be back whenever we are in town!
The homemade raspberry & peach Hawaiian & Italian bread French toast with light blackberry cream on top was amazing! The Tuscan omelette was fantastic as well and we met Wendy and she was delightful.  We ended up visiting her other artists market and got a bracelet and some earrings as gifts!!!
We have been to The Breakfast House a couple of times now and have always been happy. The food is top-notch and the service is usually very pleasant. Unfortunately on our last visit we had a somewhat bad experience. My girlfriend and I are on a new low-carb diet and explained that we could not have potatoes or bread with our omelets. The waitress recommended that we could get a few slices of tomatoes instead of the toast or hash browns. This sounded good so we agreed. We had a very enjoyable meal, but when our bill arrived we were surprised to see that we were charged an additional $2.25 for each order of tomatoes. We explained to our waitress that she never informed us of the additional charges and we certainly would not have agreed if we knew it would cost us an additional $5 for a few pieces of tomatoes. She then notified the owner and she came to our table to explain to us that tomatoes are very expensive and she had to charge us for them. A very disappointing experience indeed. I will likely NOT be back to the Breakfast House as I absolutely HATE being nickel and dimed in this manner. The Food is Great, but the owners Integrity could use a little work!
Had brunch out here this morning.  We called ahead knowing it was a tiny place, checking to make sure they had a table for 5.  They did, outside in the "garden" so we held the table and ran right over. My name was already on the note pad out front, I stepped inside to get someone to let them know we were there and in a few minutes someone took us back to make sure the table/location was acceptable. It was a very cute old home done up in a key west style, colors and decor. The outside in the back garden had tiki-like umbrellas over each table. We went further back where they had some pavers and 2 small concrete pads with tables with umbrellas.  Quaint, shady for the most part, they had fans (which the cords were exposed and easy to potentially trip on). My mother-in-law has a very bad back and they offered to bring her a padded chair and she had a pillow of her own to put on the back and made her comfortable because the chairs were white metal outdoor design chairs so it was a very nice gesture. Once we sat, we sat for a while before being greeted or even being able to get waters and coffee.  Our waitress seemed quite overwhelmed and partially walked over to us and let us know that she'd be right over, she was having an umbrella issue to fix at another table.  Before she ran off, I asked if she could bring water on her way back.  Which she did.  And then we ordered coffee. Then, we finally got our coffee.  By that time we had decided what we wanted and ordered. Food came out fairly quickly, it was hot and it was very tasty. My husband and I both had the shrimp and grits.  It was done simply, grits with some white cheddar atop and blackened shrimp on top of all of it and a biscuit.  Uh oh, no butter.  It was yummy and very filling.  Other items ordered was the western omelette, blueberry/walnut pancakes (a special) and a benedict - All very good, too. All seemed to be very pleased with our meal, but the waitress was abrupt with her movements, running around from table to table like they were on fire and we were finally able to request butter after she dropped the jam and had to get a new one for us.  She filled our waters and coffees sufficiently, but again in a huge rush.  She was nice enough though and attentive.  But she made my husband's and father-in-law's heart rates go up just from her rushing around.  Once we had everything set and were left to enjoy in peace, it was an overall lovely breakfast. Last, they added the tip to the bill....which for 5 people is fairly unusual.  We would have given more but because it was already there, we left it as is. We liked the meal, was a cute/cozy place, but I think if we had had a little more relaxed server, we would have had a more relaxed experience.  But, I think we'd go back.  :)
We were just passing through Sarasota and found the Breakfast House on Yelp. We absolutely loved it!  I had the spinach/feta omelet and my husband had the oatmeal. It was all delicious and beautifully presented.   I'm so glad we stopped! .
Worth the wait! Like most Sarasota breakfast hot spots, we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table, but once inside we were greeted with quick and friendly service. The food was great and the coffee was freshly brewed. We never had to beg for the next pour. It was also reasonably priced.
I have been so busy that I haven't had time to review my favorite places in the last year or so - so keep that in mind because I am going out of my way to tell you the Island Pancakes are one of the most spectacular creations ever conceived in this galaxy. All the food is excellent, the hollandaise sauce on the Benedicts is unique and slightly "citrucy" yet delicious, everything is fresh and well made - the only downside (for us) is that the place is small, and always slammed, so you may have to wait a bit, it's a very small kitchen too - worth the wait. I cannot stress on the Island Pancakes, this single item will change your life, amazing fluffy heavenly clouds filled with Macadamia nuts and thinly sliced pineapples. Even 2Pac would have written a few songs about these cakes if he were around.
I've been here for lunch and enjoyed it.  Then, when I had the opportunity to go for breakfast, I seized it.  Glad I did. Lunch was the usual soups, salads, and sandwiches, etc. and a few specials-all three of us enjoyed it. Breakfast was even better.  It's tough to get properly made french toast, as too often its dry inside, from not enough soaking in the egg batter.  Well here, it was properly prepared and cooked, and served with my well done ham, to perfection.  My companion enjoyed his eggs, and portions were satisfactory.  Coffee is unlimited.  Prices are fair. Breakfast was $21.
If you were to stumble on a breakfast place that went like this: 1st visit - Friday 3 of us. The food was so good, the coffee just right, the service friendly, the A/C on chill for a day you want it that way ... We came back ... THE NEXT DAY! 2nd visit - Saturday, now 8 of us. Repeat of the day before but now the table is raving about the food. Served on the patio out back under trees and umbrellas for shade, just right. Sooooo, we went back to the compound and bragged about The Breakfast House to the rest of the gang. Couldn't resist 3rd VISIT IN A ROW - Sunday brunch with 16 of us. I would never have done this if it weren't a sure thing and enough variety and flavor to boot. HIGHLIGHTS: coffee, from scratch pancakes fluffy with a crispy edge & real maple syrup, homemade biscuits and gravy - the best I've ever had, grits - just right, bacon crisp - not burnt, homemade corned beef hash Benedict was perfect - a crispy muffin with creamy yellow hollandaise sauce. Perfect poached eggs, the specials are just that - SPECIAL and worth trying. Ambiance: Florida fun & cute with each table a painted theme - note the unique S&P shakers at each table. Pics to follow. The owner, Wendy, is Irish and her motto is "I'm Irish, what's your excuse". Her hospitality is all Irish, come in sit down and make sure you leave full and happy!
What a great location! Such a Florida kind of place. I felt like it was Southern Hospitality at it's best. The waitresses are very real and expect the customers to be "real" too. I really don't think it is too much for either to expect. Beyond the excellent service we received. The food is over the top. Felt like it was family cooking because each item was so delicious. I had the eggs, scrambled, added cheese, potatoes, sourdough toast. Absolutely outrageous! Moving on to the Banana Nut pancakes... A hands down MUST! I have never seen or tasted anything like it. Try the biscuits too, they're homemade like almost everything there. I have to make one more mention. Towards the end of the meal we requested a basket of scones to go, taking them back to Miami to Family as a souvenir. The waitress comes back out and tells us she doesn't feel comfortable selling them to us because they were a little burned. We really appreciated the sentiment because ti truly would have been a waste. I have never had this experience, EVER.
This place is absolutely adorable and I'd eat here every day if allowed to. Upon walking in the first thing I noticed is the cutesy decor, which puts me in the mood to enjoy breakfast (the most comforting meal of the day!). After being here twice, this place does not disappoint. Everything me and my boyfriend had (including the daily special on both occasions) was on point. My first breakfast here included shrimp and grits, bacon, and some fruit. It really hit the spot -- the shrimp and grits has a good flavor to it, the bacon was well cooked, and the fruit... we it was just fruit, but no complaints. My boyfriend went for the daily special, an omelet with mango and brie... which was actually delicious. The second time I chose to be more health-conscious and had the oatmeal with granola and fruit, which was really nice even though what I really wanted was lots of bacon and eggs :( My boyfriend again went with the special and indulged in baked french toast with peaches... excellent. The service was really friendly, so overall it was a great experience.
1st time in and we are glad we did! Alyssa was our server and she did an excellent job with suggestions and having drinks and the meal in a timely matter on the table. We tried the Key West Egg Benedict with Shrimp and lobster and grits on the side, it was really delicious, we split the meal and then we had the stuffed french toast which is was really good as well. The only reason why I gave them a 4 star is because we sat at the garden area and the tables were wobble and kind of a pain, but the atmosphere outside was really nice so you take the good and the bad I guess . As far as the food and service I would give them a 5 star and go back any day.
Wendy has created a "go to" place for breakfast and lunch that is incredible dollar value by serving absolutely delectable food full of complex flavors and cooked to perfection at affordable prices.  Our waitress was fun and efficient and actually listened and acted on my specific requests different from the menu.  Wendy later introduced herself to us.  She shows the necessary high energy and friendliness needed as an owner of an intensive personal business like a restaurant.   There is outdoor sitting on the porch and in back.  Eventually there will be a compound of businesses under the canopy of trees all tempting us with calories that induce "yum yum" feelings. I found nothing to complain about though eventually I hope to have a glass of wine at lunch or maybe even dinner.  That she cares about food and service shows in so many ways.
I found it on YELP while traveling down I-75.  I loved the shrimp and grits but the blueberry pancakes with white chocolate drops was the best. The service was friendly and very helpful. Looking forward to my next visit. Not a fan of the the brightly colored table and chairs but the women around me seemed to really like it. It's one of those special places you can go with a friend or someone special and enjoy a great breakfast and good coffee. If you have kids please go to IHOP and let us non kid people keep the Breakfast House to ourselves.
A bright and airy breakfast spot that is worth the wait. Do call ahead because you will wait if you don't. We waited for a half hour, but they have a lovely seating area out front so you can relax while you wait. We ate inside,next to the kitchen and although there was a lively waitstaff and lots going on behind the scenes it was a relaxed atmosphere with a very Floridian/Tropical decor. The service was attentive and very helpful with our two young kids, bringing them something to drink and a their food very quickly. We ordered the Macadamia Nut Pancakes (awesome!) and Eggs Benedict to share. The kids loved it just as much as we did. They use real maple syrup, which is so important to us and makes all the difference. The raves and reviews are for real - The Breakfast House is amazing. Check it out.
Hidden treasure is correct! Found it on yelp...... Brought some friends from out of town here and had a great brunch.  Waited a little longer so we could sit outside and it was worth it.  Great service as well as food.  I'll def be going back.
This place was so adorably decorated. Like no where I've ever been. Service was wonderful. And food was very fresh and tasty. Would definitely go again and recommend it highly
snap.. I wasn't expecting the crazy amazing-ness we discovered in this little spot. The food/beverages were outstanding.. our party of 6 was all super stoked and raving about our selections. Service was a bit curt but efficient.. and I can deal with that for some darn good food.
Visiting my parents for the Holidays, and they took me to the Breakfast House, one of their favorite breakfast haunts.  I was definitely impressed.  Had a turkey florentine benedict and a latte.  The benedict was perfectly cooked, with the yolk just a little bit runny, the right amount of turkey, and the right amount of vegetables.  The potatoes were also perfect, not too salty like a lot of other breakfast places.  The latte was good/ok.  Cinnamon-infused, which is awesome, but nothing special. All-in-all, a great breakfast spot.  I would definitely come back.
I have been meaning to visit this place for a LONG time, but everytime I drive by, the line is WAY too long.  And now I now why!  It is a Sarasota hidden treasure!  Island Pancake!  try it!  sleep in late on the weekend and show up after 11:30, lines are shorter!
Amazing breakfast here! Quality ingredients, kind staff, and wonderful ambiance. Definitely going to come back.
Very quaint breakfast nook. Coffee was too bland. Eggs Benedict sauce was good. Spinach salad was fresh and dressing was good. Service was good.
Love this quaint little place, perfectly beach decorated with bright colors. And the food tastes fresh from the garden! Loved my roast beef sandwich and tasty slaw! I want to go back for the lobster Benedict! Maybe even sit in the  cute garden area in back.  Awesome place!
Island pancakes were very good, shrimp and grits were a B due to needing more seasoning and flavor. All the food came out hot and servings were a good size. Waitress was very helpful and pleasant. We would go back again.
I pass the breakfast house several times a week and I've been wanting to try it for the longest time. So one morning, I broke down on the way to an appointment and tried this place. All I have to say is that the breakfast house is fantastic! It's sweet, quaint and has that old Florida vibe. It's a little old house converted into a restaurant. They have indoor and outdoor seating. The staff is incredibly kind and courteous. The food is out of this world! The pancakes are the best in town. I could have eaten them all day if I could. I can't wait to bring my friends and family here! It is wheelchair accessible, so no worries there. It is a tight fit inside but the staff is more then willing to make it work for their customers.
After having no luck (long waits) at a couple other restaurants on my bookmark list, we decided to drive a little further and finally give The Breakfast House a try. Well, I am so glad we did! First off, a sweet young lady was right at the front door to greet us and asked if we'd like 1st available. Of course we did! We were immediately taken to the patio and sat down. Our waitress promptly came out and went over specials and got our drinks. Now, the patio area is adorable and tables are clean. It's very comfortable out there. All the reviews about good coffee, is right on! Coffee was good and fresh. Another notable about the coffee, someone is always there to check if you need a refill but doesn't just pour in the cup, you are asked ... Thank you for that! Nothing is worse than getting your cup just right and someone comes over and fills it to the rim ruining your perfect balance of sugar & cream! Okay, onto the FOOD! OMG, just get the corned beef hash, it is all it's cracked up to be! My eggs were cooked perfectly (over easy but not runny). Can we also talk about the biscuits? Dear Lord, flaky, buttery goodness and they quickly put it on the flat top, thank you! I ate every last bite ...
We visited the Breakfast House after seeing the great reviews and we were not disappointed.  We had the pancake special which was Banana and cranberry, they were delicious!  We also had the eggs with homemade corned beef hash and that was also excellent.  Alyssa, our server was very friendly.  We were promptly greeted and seated upon arrival.  Living in Lakewood Ranch, we were happy to hear that the owner is opening another Breakfast House near the new Mall off University.  We can't wait and in the meantime, we will be back to the one on Fruitville.
The one thing I miss most about Atlanta, Georgia is the vast abundance of places to have breakfast until 3pm. Our interesting crew has picked up and moved from Atlanta quite a few times and we are always on the hunt to find a new breakfast nook or two to call home. This has been the closest we have came without getting commercial. Great prices. Wonderful food. Absolutely adorable decor! I hope that once they are around a bit longer they expand on their menu and HOPEFULLY their seating.  The place is TINY. They evidently do reservations for parties which I actually think hurts them because on our visit there, after we had been seated, a table for 8 was reserved and was the only table open in the house. There was a party of 2 and a party of 4. They could have easily split the table and served them but instead they turned the guests away explaining they had a reservation at 11 (this was at 830am) and could not seat them until other guests left. So get there early! Also, we have a new baby and where she was the apple of everyone's eye it was nowhere near stroller friendly and most likely not wheelchair friendly even though they do have a wheelchair ramp outside. Also if you decide to wait for a table you must wait outside. The patio has very little seating and no covering from the sun or rain. Also, the hostess was nowhere to be found when we went and we were not sure if we were to seat ourselves or be seated by someone else. Fyi-Your hostess will be there eventually and seat you :-) All in all, its a very new establishment and I think they have the right idea, they just need some time to get a few kinks out, and EXPAND!!! Give it a shot. You might be glad you did!
This is absolutely the worst restaurant in all of Sarasota, the service stinks, the owner has an attitude problem, I would not recommend this place to nobody your better off at McDonalds. Here is my experience first waited 20 mins for a table then another 7 or 8 mins for a very bad waitress to take our order, 28 minutes later our order comes out WRONG...OH  and we only ordered pancakes nothing to complicated...after another 25 minutes went by we left...told the owner but she really didn't seem to care...So if you go there good luck...but your much better off at another restaurant.
We were seated promptly but the servers were quite busy and it took a while to get a refill on coffee.  Advice:  Take a large mug with you.  The shrimp and grits were as reviewed by previous critics.  They were great, could use a little more seasoning on the grits but I ordered a side of bacon, cut it up and added it to the dish and it was perfect for me.  All my friends enjoyed their dishes as well.  The ambiance is kitschy and the owner owns the accessories store next to the restaurant, so when she came to the table to hand out business cards and advertise items, I was a bit put off.  However I would return when they aren't so busy.
Loved it!New favorite Sarasota breakfast spot.So charming.If your tired of same old same old,youll want to give this place a try.If you dont want to wait go early.Great service and food.
This place is great. Eat here.
We had the worst experience here. We have had breakfast here previously and enjoyed our meals. We ordered the key west Benedict on previous occasions and it was very good. When my husband ordered it today the lobster portion was firm, chewy, and far from fresh . When we discretely asked for it to be switched out the manager came out and said "I tried it and it was fine. Maybe you just didn't like the taste." Can you believe that this was a manager's response?! Our waitress was very apologetic and switched our food. I feel very upset at the lack of customer service from a manager.
This place is awesome. Super packed and a crowd of people waiting but if your willing to sit anywhere the wait is short. I sat outside and enjoyed the cloudy day. The customer service is great and the food is awesome......... I strongly recommend this place
I'm new to Sarasota and happened to drive by when family was visiting. So happy to have found it! Adorable and charming atmosphere. Food was excellent. I loved the quiche, my mother said the lobster Crepes were amazing, and my sister had a sandwich that she said was fantastic. Three very different dishes and all were wonderful. I'll definitely return!
This is an amazing restaurant, and a wonderful addition to the breakfast scene in Sarasota!  Their service has slowed down a bit lately, and a few of the new waitstaff are still getting their legs under them.  However, the food is amazing.   We've gone multiple times, with numerous guests, and everyone's always been pleased.  Standouts are their potatoes, make your own omelettes and pancakes.   The decor is a bit over-styled in somewhat classic Florida colors for my tastes, but it's well-executed, and makes the place feel quite homey. (Editing in Feb 2014) They've added an option of gluten-free toast, which you can ask your server about. It's made in the same toaster as regular bread, so it's not an option for those of us who need to avoid cross-contamination, but it may be of interest to those of you who aren't as sensitive. The service is back up to speed, but know that you're in for a wait if you're going there after about 9:45 on the weekends in season.
My third time there since it opened and I'm still not impressed. Overpriced, and the hollandaise sauce tasted like it is from a powder packet. Also, the Benedict crab oscar dish didn't work, although the combo seemed intriguing on the menu. The problem is that it smelled fishy and the crab addition didn't meld well with the egg and asparagus. Here's the thing: Egg + hollandaise = yum; Asparagus + hollandaise = yum; But Egg+ hollandaise + crab = a little gross because there's nothing acidic on the plate to balance all that rich, cholesteral-laden food. I saw this going in, and when the waitress asked if I'd like to substitute fruit for the fried potatoes, I quickly agreed. Unfortunately, I was charged an extra $1.50 for it. I also tried to salvaged the dish a little by taking the lemon from my water and squeezing it over the sauce . But when the hollandaise isn't good to begin with, nothing really helps. And for anyone interested in value, I paid $20 for a single breakfast dish.
Great variety, pleasant atmosphere, nice staff...that's all you need.
3.5 stars. Quaint. Small. Decent portions but a lil spendy.. $8.50 for two eggs, bacon and an English muffin. Bad coffee. Nice service. Food is decent to good. Plus 1 for marbled rye :-)
"Quaint old house, sweet people, great food and coffee. A delightful find."
This place has it all: charm, amazing food, a great price point, indoor and outdoor seating, and a personable staff. It was our favorite restaurant during our recent trip to Sarasota. Normally I would recommend a particular dish but we tried so many different ones and all of them were spectacular. I also overheard that they may be opening a second one.
Great Eggs Benedict.
Adorable place with a great back patio area! Had the Key West Benedict with lobster and shrimp which was fantastic! Only negative was that the iced coffee was on the weak side but I would go back.
This was a nice, charming place.  I loved the eggs Benedict; the eggs were perfectly cooked and the hollandaise was very flavorful. The potatoes had green pepper, red onion, and white onion and were also really tasty.  We went on a day they were understaffed, so the food took a while, but our server was apologetic and very friendly. We will return the next time we are in the area.
Wow, this is the kind of find that I hope for when I travel.  The omelette was cooked perfectly, exploding with flavor from the fresh ingredients.  The whole family loved it.  I wanted to keep sampling the menu, but I was stuffed ;-(
This place is so cute! I'm really happy to have found it. I got the build your own breakfast sandwich and they have the BEST Lemon butter. My husband got the Tuscan omelette and he loved it! We sat outside which is very nice. The only con is that leaves and bugs get everywhere ( if you're outside ). I had to take my pony tail down to shake out the bugs. But the food is fantastic!
This place has good food, not the best, but good. I  personally wont return because i had the worst customer service experience at this place.  After spending 60 bucks for breakfast for 2 people, we had just finished eating and signed check and were talking for about 4 mins when the owner came up to us. I thought she was going to ask how the food tasted or how our experience was but instead she said "you know we have 50 people waiting outside so have a good day" and insisted on us leaving. I have never been kicked out of a restaurant especially after I spent so much. We were so surprised by her that we got up and left. There was at most 20 people waiting outside. Cute place, good food but the owner needs to learn how to treat her customers.
Ate breakfast there on a Wednesday morning, and had the Island Pancakes.  Picture slightly caramelized, juicy fresh pineapple slices in a fluffy pancake batter, with shreds of coconut, and small pieces of macadamia nuts, all smothered in REAL maple syrup.  Heaven! It was so good, I had to go back on Sunday for more.  But this time, while the pineapple was just as tastily caramelized and yet still juicy... There was no coconut or macadamia in the pancake batter!!!  Imagine my dissapointment, not to mention my sister, who had been so jealous of my pancakes on Wednesday that she had ordered them herself on Sunday... But when we brought it to the attention of the server, they explained that the usual cook wasn't there, and apparently the weekend one didn't know how to make them properly... well, sorry IDK, but Sunday seems like a pretty big breakfast day to not have your A-team on.  But they nicely took the up-charge for the "Island" off our bill, and we only paid for plain pancakes.  But I would rather have had my heavenly Island pancakes one more time.  Oh well, better luck next time.  And, yes there will be a next time...
go here if you like waiting for mediocre food , and then being asked to leave as soon as you have finished ! staff don't have a clue owner needs a lesson in customer service . amazing how such a horrible place can be so busy.
My wife and I found this restaurant through Yelp. When we went we were seated immediately and the staff was very pleasant and quickly served coffee. The breakfasts we had were excellenet. I had eggs and applewood bacon and Kathleen had the Tuscan omelet. I also had some scones which were delicious. I highly recommend you go there. It seems like you should go there earky to avoid having to wait for a table.
I got news for you Sarasota: You've got better than The Breakfast House. I mean, it's OK. Food's fine if not a bit overpriced and the menu not quite as expansive as you'd like. Server was weird, talking to herself. The pancakes were good, not great. The omelet I had was good, not great. For everyone on here giving five stars, you'd think it would be a memorable breakfast. It wasn't. It was just breakfast.
We stumbled upon this place after driving past it several times during our week long vacation. I immediately went to the internet to read reviews as I do most often. I found the reviews complimentary so we decided to try it. Boy were we surpised! This place has the best pancakes and breakfast potatoes you wil put in your mouth. We ordered a breakfast sandwich on a biscuit with the island pancake they are known for (pineapple, macadamia nuts and coconut). It was all SOOOOO good. I know the combination does not sound good but it was to die for. My friend got the scambled eggs with sour dough toast and a plain pancake. She also agreed this was the best pancake and potatoes she has ever had.  The coffee was alitle strong but excellent. The little yellow, older house this restaurant  is in reminds me of al tea room my mom use to take me to when I was young. I love the silver tea pot they serve the coffee in, the white porcelain looking creamers and the over all feel of this restaurant was unique and adorable. The staff was friendly and accomodating. We will be back to this place again and again. Run, don't walk, to this little piece of Heaven for Breakfast!
The food here is very tasty. The 5 in our party were all happy with the way our food was presented and how it all tasted. I do not know about the guy who had problems...maybe he was at a different place because we all found it clean.
We had a terrific breakfast here this morning.  The selection was good, including, pancakes, omelettes, eggs benedict (with several variations) and combination breakfasts.  My husband had shrimp and grits (served with a homemade toasted biscuit) and I had the Key West Omelette (with Florida Lobster, shrimp and lemon butter with home fries and a biscuit).  The food was high quality and DELICIOUS.  They also have good fresh squeezed OJ and excellent coffee.  The decor is very cute and the staff was friendly.  We were stuffed when we left.  We would definitely come back if we find ourselves in Sarasota.
This charming little house has the BEST pancakes I have ever eaten.  I haven't found a bad dish yet....I hate to recommend this place because I'll never get a seat but it is only fair to tell you that this is a great place for breakfast.....
We drive 30 minutes for breakfast and it's worth every drop of gas!  Great food and service.  We wish you had a location closer!
I love breakfast and this place is wonderful. Has the classics as well as twists on the familar. Great staff and quintessential sarasota feel.
Great food, fantastic service and a great setting especially outdoors
Very quaint and cute.  Better for breakfast than lunch in my opinion.  Pancakes and omelettes very good.  Be prepared to wait if you come on a Sunday morning.
I've been wanting to try the Breakfast House since I saw a review in Sarasota Magazine.  My friend and I went this morning (Friday) at 11:30, the parking lot was packed and people were waiting on the porch, always a good sign.  We entered the restaurant and were "told" stay outside and put your name on the list.  There were three people ahead of us and the wait was around 15 minutes.  Once inside the room was charming, airy yellow walls, and different color seats.  I decided to go for lunch and ordered a Reuben sandwich something I haven't had since moving from NJ years ago, my friend was undecided between the variety of pancakes or the shrimp and grits, the waitress swayed her to the shrimp and grits with biscuits.  My Reuben sandwich which was $7.95 was not stacked  high with turkey and the sauerkraut was scattered, I actually ate the whole sandwich it was that small.  A small side of coleslaw came with it, no fries or chips.  I also ordered a glass of juice which was $2.95.  My friend's shrimp and grits was a plate of grits with five small shrimp, the biscuits where flat and gooey.  We were watching other food coming out and the pancakes and salads looked very good.  I don't think what we ordered was anything special or worth the price, but will since it was not down right awful will try it again.  The wait staff was not pleasant, they were clearly under staffed, as there was still a line out front when we left.
