Nice place with great food.  A little pricey for what it is, but very good food.   Great beer selection.  We had oysters that were wonderful, but expensive for this kind of place($13/dozen).  I had the surf and turf (NY Strip and dungeness crab).  I was expecting a crummy steak and decent crab.  The steak was really good and so was the crab.  My table mate had grouper that was terrific!
We all had the early bird $12.99 special that includes salad, entree and desert.  The menu says the crab cake is award winning or something so I figured that would be my best bet.  It was good.  Everyone's entree looked and they say tasted pretty average.  The mussels linguine were served in butter instead of just garlic and oil which is odd.  The wait staff was great so I'm giving them the extra star. All in all just ok not really great but hey it was $12.99.
Don't go here.  Food was all pre made, bland, and tasteless.  I got tiny oysters, which were the same price as Monks and far less than half the size.  I could tell my soft shell crab had been prepared earlier, there were lines on it from being stored and the outside of the fried part was soft and not very good.  My wife's meal was no better.  She had the coconut shrimp and described them as "disgusting" and overpriced. If you really want this kind of food do yourself a favor and just get some food out of the frozen section at your local grocery store.  It will be FAR better and you'll save the trouble of traveling and waiting and tipping.   This kind of restaurant has died long ago and needs to just give up and be buried already.
My first time at this place so first thing I did was the salad bar, it is as fresh as the fish they catch every day.  I love the fact that you can put fish on your salad yourself.  The service has been great so far. I ordered the blackened grouper it was on special. The first taste of the group was amazing. It is a decent Wednesday afternoon so service is pretty fast if you get in before the lunch rush. There is a fish market to order fresh fish to go winning!!!
This food gas been best described as the equivalent of Denny's.  I was braced for some crispy sweet clams. It didn't happen instead I got tough resistant Plastic.  Luis and my daughter split a lobster Chimichanga and my daughter says it tasted wet and soggy.  Luis said it tasted good.  The fries were good, much better than this Ruth Chris.  The manager was very nice.  He gave us bread, butter, lemons,  and cocktail sauce.  The clams at  Captain Curt's was the real deal!   I enjoyed talking to the hostess at the door.   The crowd is elderly.  A middle aged woman and man walked thru the door the first thing she said as she walked towards the bar is "Don't they have the hockey game on?"
I am always surprised that this place wins best seafood restaurant. The food is just ok, nothing terrible, but nothing to rave about either. Prices are reasonable and portion sizes are pretty large. That said, on our most recent visit we went with our son with food allergies. He ordered pasta with nothing but olive oil on it. Within a minute of taking a bite he began to have a severe reaction. Apparently despite requesting olive oil and explaining his milk allergy they used butter on his pasta. This place clearly does not understand or care how severe food allergies can be. Definitely avoid if anyone you are dining with has allergies.
Don't come here if you care about décor, the food is a little pricey for what you get but  crab cakes are excellent!
Sorry guys, but I have to go with Barnacle Blah's. Thank you very much, I'll be here all night. But seriously,  Barnacle Bill's is like a seafood Denny's. I've been here a handful of times in the past few years. I always feel like they put one over on me. The food is just not that great. The menu makes you think that the food is great but it just is not. All about the marketing. Go to Captain Brian's (on Tamiami near the airport) instead. (Thanks, Steve!) It's just as close--though a little harder to find--and the food is terrific. It also has loads more character.
Lots of great reviews of this place on Yelp prompted my Fiance and me to give Barnacle Bill's a try but I have to agree with the naysayers in that it's highly overrated! Don't get me wrong, the seafood we ordered (Yellow Fin Tuna and King Crab Legs [1/2lbs.] ) was good, but no where near the best we have ever had, and for the price, I really expected to at least walk out of the place feeling mildly full and satisfied; honestly, the portions of our meals hardly warranted as one standard appetizer size. Service was there but very winsome, and the place was clean minus no soap in the bathrooms! Sorry Barnacle Bill's, you took our nearly $$$ (with tip) without any alcohol, or appetizers, or deserts and let us walk out pining to revisit the Mobile Alabama coastline seafood establishments to fill our bellies with far superior seafoods at half the cost!
What's the seafood restaurant frequented by Homer Simpson? Is it Rusty Barnacle or Barnacle Bill's? anyhow that is how I felt when I walked in the place. The warm rice of my  fried seafood platter had more personality that the waiter that attended us. Although he apologized for the fruit fly in the water glass by saying: "that's Florida's water for ya". If you were alive when Coolidge was president this restaurant is for you. I rather take my chances at Long John Silver's.
When you are seated at Baracle Bill's you get three menus, plus a wine list.  This is your first clue that you can get pretty much anything you want. There's a regular menu with the standard Gulf Coast fare - fried seafood in various combinations, stuffed creations, surf & turf options, etc.  The second menu is a list of 3 course prix fixe options for 2 people.  The third menu is the fresh catch (10 types of fish when we went this evening) and preparation options (approximately 20). The salmon done "Barcelona" style was perfect.  Baked medium, the texture was firm but flaked in the appropriate manner.  The sauce, consisting of olive oil, sweet red pepper, basil & garlic was balanced and did not overpower the salmon.    Others in our party raved about the code "Mediterranean" style and the tilapia "Piccata". In short, it was a great meal, with efficient yet courteous service, perfect for the casual dining restaurant it is.  No pretension, just good food.
When you first enter this establishment you start thinking you might not have made a good choice.  The establishment lacks atmosphere of a 4 star restaurant, but makes up for it with wait staff that is knowledgeable about the selections on the 3 menus they offer.  The first menu has the classic fried seafood combos and steak/seafood offerings.  On the second menu are the 3 course options to mix and match to your liking and enough for two people to share.  Next comes the menu of fresh catch items direct from the area fisheries!  On the evening we were there they were offering 8 fresh seafood options that could be prepared grilled, baked, broiled and some blackened. The appetizer portions offered when you add a side salad provide a good option for lunch or someone with a smaller appetite. Prices are pretty much in line with other seafood restaurants in the area. We enjoyed our meal selections of king crab and teriyaki grilled shrimp. We would return again if we find ourselves in this area.
Definitely a locals place.  We went on Sunday night, and had the typical southern FL crowd (lots of snow birds). This is very much an older style of restaurant.  It's mid-80's style menu (everything under the sun is served here) is a bit big, but you definitely get choices. The portion sizes were kind of small, but it was good food.   It's a local seafood joint with decent food.  Not much else.
My wife and I stopped in on a whim just driving by and it turned out to be happy hour. Service was promt and everything looked nice and very clean. We ordered gator bites as an appitizer. Not the best we have had, a few pieces we thought were chicken and not alligator. I ordered their famous crab cake lunch. Very moist and good. You only get 1 cake(and 1 side) but you have a choice of soup or salad also. Not the best crab cake ever but maybe the 2nd best ive tried. My wife ordered the stuffed jumbo shrimp(4 shrimps and a side). They were very good as well. Over all price was good for the Happy hour food, other prices and items seemed a little higher then other places, we were also the youngest people inside dining(were bother under 35). Overall a large selection of sea and shore, wines and drinks and alright service. We will possible be back when we come back to the sarasota area.
Way over priced. The waitress showed no interest in her job and just wanted to be anywhere but there. A large group was seated I'm the middle of the room and intruded on every other table in the room. Save your money. Pass on eating here.
My mom recommended this place while on a stay-cation in Sarasota.  My boyfriend and I were starving and this place looked decent and open!  This place had a nice atmosphere and the waitress we had was very nice and willing to please.  I ordered the calamari for the appetizer and we both had the Friday all you can eat fish fry which was more than enough.  All was tasty...oddly enough...especially the hush puppies.  This place was to die for and when I come back to Sarasota I will definitely stop by and here and try one of their many other dishes as they have a plethora of items on their menu.  A must visit when in the Sarasota area not far from Fruitville Rd.
If your into seafood and want the best in Sarasota, this is the place to go. There's no "view" and it's off the main strip, but 100% the best, freshest, affordable seafood around. I eat there everytime I come to Sarasota (twice a year) just to have the crab. They usually have several kinds of oysters, crab or fish to choose from. Cooked in many ways. THE BEST. Either sit in Bar area or dining, it's all great. Bartender is always friendly and helpful.
This really should be 2.5 and not a 3... Food was inexpensive which was cool. It really was less than good however. I got lobster, something I feel is easy to cook. I mean, dunk it in hot water then serve. Mine was dry. Im guessing they finished it too soon and left it under the warming light. The dinning area was also a little scuzzy... I dunno, not somewhere I would go to show of Sarasota's fine dinning. I hear the one on Main St is better? I'll give it a go sometime.
Completely awful. Everything was freezer burned or pre-made and sitting before it was flash fried. Water was disgusting and it was gravely overpriced- I would have rather ate McDonalds and  saved a great deal of money. Surprised we didn't get food poisoning.
Service was great and fast. We went on a Friday night and ordered the Friday night fish fry. Bad idea. I the rest of there food is better. It looked like a locals place . It might be good ,just don't get the fried fish .
Brought a group of 10 here, 8 of which who are very picky and grumpy seniors.  All were overly satisfied especially with their wide variety of early bird specials. Our waitress Sherry was Fantastic.  Like I said I was with a tough group who can really give our servers a run for their money, Sherry handled things great without hesitation.  We will definitely be back.
The best part of being in this restaurant is that we were the youngest there and we aren't young. My husband ordered Lobster Newburg and it was dreadful.  Looked more like wallpaper paste on top of Wonder bread with a few pieces of lobster and some shrimp.  Doesn't resemble any decent Lobster Newburg(Hint: if you don't know how to make it, don't put it on your menu!) My haddock and chips was okay but not worth ordering again.  The waitress was nice and it is not the staff's fault that the management hasn't figured out that their menu is too large and that the quality of food served is important. This was the worst meal that we have had in the 3 weeks that we have been travelling and eating out in Florida.
Do you like the kind of place where the water addresses you as "hey, guys!" and throws things down on the table? Based on service, decor, and general feel, this is a step up  for people who usually eat at  a chain "family restaurant". As a vegetarian, when I go to a seafood place at my wife's behest I don't have the right to expect a lot of great choices. I had some pasta, very overcooked and under-seasoned. She thought her fish was just OK.
Underneath the plastic starfish and hokey painting sits some bland carpet and basic booth-like tables.  Don't let this fool you!  I wish Barnacle Bill himself would rise up out of the sea so I could shake his hand.  The happy hour food and drink deals are the best I have seen for seafood and margaritas.  The lunch and dinner options are nearly unlimited as cooking ingredients and styles can be mixed and matched.  All food is straight from the ocean.  There are just too many different things to recommend here.  Whatever your preferences are, you will find them prepared with care and skill here.  If you don't like seafood, well then...hey!, they have a top notch kobe burger that would shame most diners.
After reading the reviews we decided to stop here for dinner. We were not disappointed. We lucked out and got there in time for the early bird menu. My wife had the shrimp parmigiana and I had the stuffed shrimp. Both were excellent. Even though they were smaller portions for the special, my wife still had to get a take out container. The place was packed yet our service was on time and the waitress was very friendly. Would go back again, for sure.
I was going to New College (up the street next to the resturant) when Barnacle Bill's opened, and I have to say the first time I saw it I laughed. It looks downright silly and like pure kitsch with its faux lighthouse and paper fish placemats. However, I stopped laughing when I tried their food. Best seafood in Sarasota, and they have the many awards to prove Im not the only one who thinks so. Very reasonably priced, you can get a very wide assortment of fish, topped with an equaly wide assortment of stuff (ie, lobster, crabmeat, hollandaise, just lemon sauce, etc). You just have to get over the fact that it looks like the ghost of Long John Silver threw up in here. The food kicks butt, and thats what its all about.
Disappointed to write negative review of this restaurant but I contacted the management for their comments and received nothing.  We have often gone to this restaurant as it is close to activities at the Asolo Theater and Ringling Museum.  We last dined there on 2/13/2014.  That night they were setting up for a large reservation -- a table of 20+ persons. The manager seemed to be taking charge.   When additional diners came to join this groupt, he decided to seat them at an adjoining table, saying that the "bad asses" would sit there and the regular asses at the bigger table.  If he had said this only once I would have been surprised, but he kept repeating it. (And this was a group of largely seniors!)  I guess he was trying to impress them with his "cool".  When we were leaving I walked up to him and remarked that some of did not like to hear that language while eating dinner.  He was extremely rude and said what was the matter with me because "everyone else was having fun."  I could not see anyone that was appreciating his 'humor"  He then made a few more rude remarks to me as we were leaving.  J have never seen this particular manager here before, but I know that I will not return.
Without question the best seafood restaurant in Southwest FL!!!  We are from Boston and we know fish.
Excellent choice for a late lunch. Fish was fresh and delightfully grilled (not over- nor under-done). I had grouper, which was notably better than grouper I'd had at a northern restaurant a few nights ago. Server thoughtfully provided tartar sauce on the side, rather than assuming I'd want it slathered on my fish sandwich before it was served. Nice first experience, all around.
Had dinner at the north Trail restaurant. The menu had almost too many options, and a little confusing on the choices.  I ordered the scallops and they were fantastic! Everyone at our table also enjoyed their meals which ranged from broiled fish to a fried fish sandwich.
Eat here!  Best crab cake I have ever had!  Our server was friendly and attentive.  We will go back next time we're in the area.
Atmosphere was plain but food was pretty good.  Their shrimp alfredo was excellent.  My wife and i ordered lobster - was a bit messy the whole lobster was a challenge to open (our fault - not big seafood experts) My daughter ordered carrot cake and was disappointed that the piece was so small -  less than a half-cup.  Otherwise the food was  good and the wait staff was good.
The food here deserves five stars. They have a huge menu and I have never had anything but wonderful food here. But, there are just too many "buts" about this location of Barnacle Bill's. The biggest problem is the service. It's pretty much non-existent. I've never had a good, or even "fair" water or waitress at this location. The ambiance is terrible at this location. Think Denny's circa 1980. However, they did just remodel the ladies' restroom. But now they only have on stall! Just ONE stall for a restaurant of this size is atrocious. If you want the same good food but better service and better ambiance, go to their location on Main Street.
When we walk into the restaurant I got the sinking feeling we entered a crappy Red Lobster, but thankfully I was wrong.  I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the beer list, and my wife and I got our favorite IPA's.  She did not want mashed potatoes or rice so the waitress substituted a Caesar salad with her strip steak. I ordered the flounder Diane. The steak arrived medium, the way it was requested and my large piece of flounder came covered with a generous coating of a very tasty crab stuffing. I'm glad I didn't read the above reviews before we went because I may not have gone and missed a good meal.  Oh, I lived on long island Most of my life and grew up eating the freshest seafood, so I speak from experience.
Anyone who would give 4 or 5 stars to this restaurant has no idea of what those stars should imply. The ambience is strictly suburban shopping mall, the service is casual and friendly but with no attentiveness or precision (our wine bottle was delivered late by a second server because our waitress was afraid to open the bottle and the second dufus proceeded to split the cork), and the food was strictly mediocre. Three of us wanted to taste the local grouper and in all three preparations we had the impression the poor fish sacrificed his life to be abused by poorly timed cuisson resulting in tasteless mealy flesh covered in industrially prepared sauces with no subtlety or saveur. Our fourth diner opted for the "southern fried chicken" which he felt was "ok", but this place is supposed to be a fish house after all. The prices are not exorbitant but the price/quality ratio is too high considering the mediocrity of the food. I might consider this restaurant for a quick lunch of grouper sandwich and fries (the fries were the best food we tasted) but I would never go for dinner...and do yourself a favor and just order a beer.
Family dining atmosphere with Fine dining prices. We both had the prime rib,  it was decent sized but way over seasoned.  The rub seasoning overpowered the tase that distinguishes a good prime rib.  I guess we should have gone with the seafood on the menu.  The menu offered a wide variety of choices.
Great seafood. I was stuck at a hotel nearby for work and Bills saved me from crap food.  The corvina Katrina is awesome. The only downside was a manager scolded our waitress for bringing us a round of drinks after they had closed. She was crying which was awkward. We did spend close to $400 for six people so I think he should be encouraging her to take care of customers who are spending well. Also great beer list
Good, solid Florida seafood. Great service. Good prices.
