I've been faithfully seeing plays at Capital Rep since The Woman in Black.  With the exception of a couple of missed plays that first year, I have seen every performance since. I have so enjoyed seeing live theater, that I have yearly gone to see a Broadawy show on Broadway.  Thank you Capital Rep for bringing the likes of George Bernard Shaw and Harper Lee to live for me.
I cannot believe that I am the first to review Cap Rep. Lets get this out of the way: I LOVE community/local theater; there is a raw charm to what the cast and crew are able to do with a small space and shoe string budget. In the past year or so I've seen "James Joyce's 'The Dead'" (5 stars), "To Kill a Mockingbird" (4 stars) and "A Christmas Story" (4.5 stars). What is unique about Cap Rep is that it has a very large lobby and reasonable size concession area. Most community theaters have concessions, but at Cap Rep you can actually walk up to the bar without bumping into every other theater patron on the way. The theater itself is quaint and the leg room is a little nonexistent. The returning cast members always do a great job (a few of the actors over act, but its charming in its own way). The theater is conveniently located on Pearl Street which gives you plenty of pre-performance and post performance dinning options (Yono's, dp's, 74 State, Jack's, Franklin's Tower, Victory Cafe, just to name a few). Ticket prices can be a little steep for community theater, but that doesn't deter me from going back. I like to support the arts and if that means paying a lot for a ticket to a show, so be it. They do occasionally have "pay what you will" events where you get to choose the price of your ticket for the show. Don't over look this gem!
Great theatre, seats on the side are cheaper.
To refute what the 1st reviewer (Colleen) wrote, I must state that Capital Rep is NOT a community theatre, but is, in fact, the only professional Equity LORT B theatre in the area (if you go out to the Berkshires and down south to Hudson and up north a bit you can find a FEW more Equity houses, but Cap Rep is the only professional theatre in the immediate area). Capital Repertory (it's often known just as CapRep) does great work, hires a mix of local professional actors as well as huge talents from NY and other regions, and offers a variety of shows that come directly from Broadway and Off-Broadway. The theatre boasts many Regional Premieres and is a training ground for great actors, directors, and technical artists throughout the region. Do not miss their shows. Period
