Great food, service, ambiance and value!  The most pleasant new restaurant experience I've had in a very long time. The four of us sampled bruschetta, lamb meat balls, pizza and croceta (misspelled for sure! ).  All were well beyond expectations.  We brought our own wine,  so I can't speak TPC their wine list. We all eat out at least four times a week and have eaten in many of the finest restaurants in the world. This now might be my favorite in Sarasota.
I like this place for the atmosphere. If you want to have a drink out back in the outside living room area be sure to walk up to the bar to get your drinks because they don't do a great job of coming around to get you another round. And sometimes it is hard to even get that first round going even when there is not a crowd. Not sure why that is but I am going to give this place a pass because I really like the atmosphere. The bar menu is interesting but I get tired of reading really long drink descriptions. Shorten that stuff up please. I love that I can sit there for hours and enjoy myself just visiting with a friend chatting in a relaxed comfortable upscale setting without it feeling stuffy. They also play really good music over the sound system. If you are wanting to get your drinks served more regularly, might I suggest you sit inside at the front bar and let Mark take care of you. He is obviously the most service oriented bar tender they have and very personable. This last item may sound odd but I noticed that they have the nicest disposable hand towels in the ladies room. It is just nice to be able to dry your hands with one nice soft paper hand towel instead of millions of cheap-o crappy ones. No idea if the food is good. I've been there 4 times and only had drinks but I will keep going back because it has this great feel good vibe.
Social has a great atmosphere inside & out. The patio area is HUGE & fantastic for nice weather. Service was great. Calamari plate was HUGE & pretty tasty. The vegetables on the plate could have been a little crisper, but they were not bad by any means. I'm not sure why they call the batter "pretzel" -- I'd say it's more of a tempura batter. Drinks were FABULOUS. And over all it was a great experience!
Blueberry mule was on point! I recommend the assortment of bruschetta. It was delicious!
This was my first visit. The atmosphere and amazing hand-crafted cocktails will be enough to bring me back but I will be more choosey about what I order. Nothing was bad and I had a few "YUM" moments but the few things that were unimpressive outweighted the impressive ones.  Looking back now, it can't be good that the one dish I enjoyed the most was the meat and  cheese tray that our table shared that involved little preparation and no cooking what-so-ever. I had the palenta with spinach and mushrooms to start. It was cooked properly but sadly flavorless all the way around. I had a similar impression of the main dish.  Then dessert. Wow, I was in heaven for a moment with that chocolate sponge cake....until we dug into the top layer and discovered it tasted like a freezer.  Hopefully the next time will be better because I am really loving the feel of this place!
The ambiance, the food, the service, and the drinks, were amazing!
Great place excellent cocktails and the food is the bomb . Good service great good and great drinks in a true New York setting
Food is great, service is pathetic. Have been here twice with same result. They have 18 year old waitresses with no experience who can't handle the number of tables they're assigned. The bartender is slow. Was shocked tonight when I went back and the service was worse than it was the first time. Overpriced for how poor the service is. Owner should be embarrassed.
Was not impressed with the environment.  Don't get me wrong if you're into trendy places or a trendy person, then this is your restaurant.  I did not enjoy the fact that we almost ate our food standing as one of the wonderful patrons needed her purse to have it's on seat.  I guess as a New Yorker I'm spoiled when it comes to restaurants.  The best part of the entire experience was the pizza, at least on our visit.  Don't think I'll be coming back unless I become self centered.
Ambiance GREAT Service Very good Bruschetta Starter - bread a little over cooked, but great flavors, toppings plentiful, nice assortment Corvina Entree - nicely done, brothy not saucy - light large portion Pizza- I am picky and this was nicely done, could have spent another minute in the oven Pricing = very fair, IMHO If you are a carnivore, don't forget to ask what the butcher table special is today.
Great food, atmosphere, and service! Recommend the calamari and bruschetta for appetizers. Carbonara and number 5 pizza are also some favorites. Weight staff are great and will help with food and drink recommendations or information. For sure a place to eat, drink, and socialize in Downtown Sarasota!
So this place is actually pretty cool. The bar tenders are pretty great and a few of them have actually impressed me with their knowledge of liquor (which is not easy to do). Their drink list is really interesting and their recipes are quite good (their white manhattan was quite impressive). When I walked in... The crowd felt a bit like I was in NJ... If gold chains, hair gel and a sense of self-entitlement are your scene you'll fit right in. That being said, the pale is pretty cool weirdos aside. The food is actually pretty good too! The meatballs are delicious. The pizza is great and definitely try the pumpkin ravioli. Bottom line, this place is pretty great... Just stay away from the Jersey Shore losers.
Great drinks, food, and service. We went twice in one week. On our first outing we started with a few drinks at the bar. I had a white Manhattan - excellent. My date had a blueberry mule - also tasty. For dinner we had the bruschetta - nice toasty bread, fresh tomato, onions, basil, and garlic. For dinner I had the Italian sausage meatballs and my date had the veggie "meatballs." I really enjoyed the Italian sausage - tender, a little spice, and a simple red gravy. The veggie balls, not really my thing, were actually tasty. On our second trip we brought along a friend. For drinks, my date abstained (I did not!), my friend had the blueberry mule, which she liked, and I tried the blackberry mojito... it was a tasty drink, but I liked the Manhattan better. We tried the veggie platter as an appetizer... it was different, but enjoyable. Probably wouldn't be my new favorite, but was acceptable... the girls liked it. My date ordered the salmon skewer salad which she reported as quite tasty. Our friend ordered one of the pizzas (which was huge!) and I sampled - pretty, pretty good. I tried the traditional meatballs on pasta and wasn't disappointed. Service was flawless and the staff was friendly. The interior is hard to define - slick, cool, trendy, a bar in a dojo? It can get loud inside, but it was too chilly to sit outside. This will become a regular destination for us. Give it a try!
Pros 1.  Nice atmosphere...reminds me of a SoBe rooftbop bar 2.  Cute, attractive staff esp at the outside bar 3.  Interesting drink menu Cons 1.  Stuffy clientele but that's Sarasota for you... 2.  It's a little too intimate...I wasn't able to have a thought provoking discussion about white patriarchy w/out having others seated across the outdoor courtyard looking on in disapproval.  The drinks were strong enough to induce such talk.  A discussion is between two people not the whole place.  I'm mostly able to talk candidly in other establishments w/out worry of other patrons listening in.
Unlike other "hip"  Sarasota places, this place has a great vibe and nice people working here. I agree with other posters that they are woefully understaffed. We ordered drinks, took forever! I ended up ordering my next glass of wine when the first came. Then we ordered charcuterie and cheese for the table. Someone other than our waiter brought it out because he was too busy and they did not stick around to tell us which cheese and which meat was what.  That was frustrating. Salads looked good, if overdressed. My pasta said spicy on the menu, and it lived up to that. Almost too much. I didn't pay much attention to my dining companions entrees, but they liked the lamb meatballs and someone had a pasta too, which was finished. I would certainly return if they added a couple servers. they remained pleasant even though they had too many tables. It was obvious. If you are going to sell yourself as artisanal and knowledgeable, mgmt needs to realize this takes time, and the number of tables you can effectively serve is reduced. I'm headed back to SRQ in April and will bring the family here. The pizza looked good and there's a ton of appealing food on the menu. Just get the service right! Your staff is drowning.
Great food and service. Excellent drink menu. This is a perfect restaurant to get a feel for the hip foodie scene in SRQ
Here's my $0.02 (in €uros). Drinks were good, and they had some interesting options with some cool containers to present each cocktail.  Menu looked interesting thought I did not eat there that night - I'd like to try the food and come back to hammer out this review a little more soon. Service was dismal though - two of our friends who arrived a little after we ordered our first round o' drinks had to leave because they didn't get any attention from our server, even though we all were in the same table. This was after about 30 minutes of them waiting and being ignored.  We were forced to cash out and leave soon after they did.
Social on First is a newly-opened American/Italian restaurant and lounge bar located across from the old Ceviche on First Street. It's a solid 3 1/2 stars, but alas no half stars on yelp.  The restaurant is 3 stars. The bar is 4 stars. First, it's a beautiful, stunning restaurant- very contemporary design with lots of natural wood inside and out. Attire is casual to dressy/trendy.  We came for both the food and cocktails, and the group was in agreement that the food was really disappointing, but the drinks and lounge made up for it. We started inside at the restaurant and ordered a number of different plates to sample: vegetable appetizer, volcano pasta, calamari, meatballs, different salads and desserts. The vegetables had to be returned and the calamari tasted like rubber bands in over-fried bland batter. (Update: tried the calamari again tonight and it was MUCH better. There's an equal portion of veggies and shrimp in the bag.) Volcano was okay as was the meatballs, salads and desserts, so my recommendation is to order "safe/fail-proof" items like pasta and salads. The lounge is really its selling point at the moment. We left the restaurant and grabbed the remaining seats outside. What a beautiful open air bar with an unnecessary but attractive fire pit. (It's still SO hot out; it would serve the customers better to put more lounge chairs in to replace the fire pits, so patrons aren't standing around due to the limited seating.) The bartenders are really hustling, making drinks as fast as the crowd was drinking them up. They have a nice selection of craft cocktails. My favorite is the Blueberry Smash Mule, but I still prefer the Blue Mule at Pangea ... Social's drink is strikingly similar to. This one's a bit more gingery, but I still like it.   I am looking forward to returning and having cocktails at the lounge on cool nights.  My guess is they need to work out the kinks in the kitchen being newly opened.  It would be nice to hear some down tempo music in the restaurant and lounge, but they didn't start the music till around 11 pm when we were leaving.  It's definitely a beautiful restaurant with a good vibe.  I look forward to giving the food another try.
Excellant service, drinks and food. We enjoyed everything about the restaurant and will definitely be coming back and recommending this to our friends. Richard, the bartender was excellent in accommodating all of our requests and even making drinks based on particular palates. Everything about this place is fresh, from the food, to the fruits that make the drinks.
Great Pizza and Tremendous meatballs! Nice spot for anyone looking for good food and upper-casual atmosphere. Very convenient to the Ritz.
Meh.... The food was mediocre and the service was terrible. The server acted like she couldn't care less about us. She served someone at the table the wrong food, then made it seem like a burden to her. The only good thing about the evening was laughing about what an awful experience it was the next day.
really a 4.5 and only because the bartender recommended a drink for me after hearing I was interested in one of the beer cocktails but couldn't order it because it has vodka in it *and I do not drink vodka after too many vodka cranberries in college* so I ordered her recommendation & after one sip had to return it.  It had nectarine vodka in it.   Anyway she remade the cocktail without & it was very good, my hubby had a bramble which he said was better than State Street's.  The pizza was delicious as was the volcano (meatball) appetizer.  We will be back for sure.
I LOVE this place! Awesome hipster atmosphere unlike anywhere else in Sarasota. The bar has amazing unique drinks with organic ingredients. Try the pear mojito, redhead beer cocktail, or white chai martini!!! The food is also phenomenal. The bruschetta is to die for as is the pizza (if you like mushrooms, #3 is your choice.) The pasta is also great, and there's a whole "meatballeria" menu. Will go back time and time again!
Did not eat here - only stopped in for a couple drinks after dinner.  We enjoyed sitting outside near an outdoor fire pit.  It was a bit busy and the bartender was clearly overwhelmed and could have used some help.  Fun place to pop into for one or two on your tour of downtown some evening.
Me and friends met on the Wed. before Thanksgiving. The place was busy. Looks like another trendy SRQ joint for a little while. The place itself is really nice, classy looking with a South Beach style. We sat outside where the sofas are by the fire. The waitress took our drink order...she literally came back in 15 minutes with something about the liquor that I asked was not available in the outside bar so apparently had to go to the inside bar to get it. Oookaaay! So, when I finally did get me drink, it was just okay lacking in liquor and no lime as I asked for. The calamari app with all the veggies were not to bad but lacked flavor or salt. After 30 min waiting for another drink the waitress was nowhere to be found. So me and my friend proceed to get a drink at the bar. Then she saw us waiting at the bar and asked if we needed anything else ( she was just standing at the side of the bar looking pretty I guess). Well, she came back to the table and took all out orders again. Btw, no napkins for any of our drinks, no hospitality like "how was everything" "would you like another drink" Nada! Very stuck-up attitude, not hospitable at all. All I can say is if they want this place to succeed, keep it real. This is not South Beach! Work on your menu for a little more flavors, hire knowledgable, interesting or at the very least a nice wait staff. I would go back and try again because it does have potential and it's new so to be fair I'd try it again.
Slow service, expensive drinks, wouldn't give us an extra chair for our 5th person, and one bathroom stall with long lines. Won't come back. *update: decided to come back and give it another shot for a friends birthday (the same week). Just as you suspected, it's still the worst. Portions are way too large for one person and there is a hardly a menu to choose from. I ordered a pizza and asked for a side of ranch. There was no ranch. Our waitress was a bimbo and our service was still poor. Definitely not coming back this time.
I made a reservation through Open Table for a Saturday night at 7:30. The restaurant was full when we arrived, and we were happy to have a drink at the bar whir we waited. Forty-five minutes later, after we watched many people come in and get seated before us, I complained to the two hostesses. They told me that (1) because we booked through Open Table, we were automatically assigned to a particular table that was not yet available, and that (2) the people who had come in and been seated as we were waiting were regulars: "Oh, we know them", they said. We left and went up the street to Jack Dusty, where we had an excellent meal. I will certainly notify Open Table, and will spread the word about how disappointing this experience was for us.
Awesome vibe, service and food was very good (not excellent)! Went for my fiance's bday and had 7 sitting outside on couches which is a cool place (reminds me of a hidden West Hollywood gem). Bramble was excellent, veggie balls, pizza, Grouper and Strawberry Kale salad...yum!!
Bit disappointed...drinks were okay....we ordered several martinis were delicious (expresso, lemon) but I think the vodka pour must have been very low as absolutely no slight warm martini feel :-(.  The appetizers need work.  The calamari was greasy and a odd combination of fried zucchini, carrots, caper berries so much so it was difficult to find the small number of calamari pieces.  The vegetarian meatballs were good although the cream sauce was a little greasy.  On the other hand the grilled salmon salad with roasted red peppers is excellent.  The restaurant is beautiful and has very young and helpful staff so I hope the kitchen will be able to step it up over the next few months.
Interesting drinks and cool ambience. The bramble was ok, and the grapefruit old fashioned was very strong (aka good?). Lots of options for unique cocktails. The outdoor seating was very pretty. The drinks are expensive and the service was a little snobby. A fun place to stop, but I wouldn't plan to spend the whole night there.
I love the ambiance at Social, especially the outdoor bar/lounge area. Staff is friendly and the craft cocktails are delicious. The bar is still in it's honeymoon phase so be prepared to wait if you go on the weekend. I will definitely be back.
We enjoyed our dinner so much Saturday we went back Sunday! They have a simple menu that is well thought. You can eat light or full on.  They have hand crafted drinks as well. Saturday had there A team on, Sunday....B team :-/   If you go bring a jacket it is open air.
The atmosphere here is great, and the food is very good as well (get the veggie balls- whether your vegetarian or not, they are insane!!). There is a retractable roof over the outside seating area that is moved back when the weather is nice. There is a bar inside and outside, which is helpful since the drinks take quite a while to come. My only two negatives would be the service, and the drink pours/time to receive. I've had poor service every time but once that I sat at a table, however have had excellent service at the bar twice. The blueberry smash is delicious, however, they fill the smallish cup full of crushed ice, leaving no room for the drink! The same happens with others, but the best bang for your buck is the bramble. Overall I will go back, but I know what to expect before I go, and will more than likely be at the bar.
Great Ambiance, cool, hip  vibe. Great bartenders! Love the whole feel. It could be so much more if the food was  professionally prepared.  Needs better tasting food.  No flavor, mismatch choices of food. All good foods items in theory, however just not hitting it right or commingling to best potential.  Maybe due to being new and needs to mature. REALLY want  to see this place stay around but concerned it will lose repeat customers if they don't  address food  issues. Tried it with friends 3 times not planning on going back to eat maybe drinks, until I hear food has improved. Armature food.
Nice looking place and our waiter was great. The food has NO flavor at all. We got bruschetta and it just tasted like onions. Then I got a number 3 pizza. It tasted like nothing and it was really burnt. My mother got the ragu pasta. The worst store bought sauce tasted better than this. No salt or pepper on the table so you are stuck with expensive food that is utterly bland. Super bummer.
Beautiful place.... Drinks way too pricey... Ok service
Blueberry smash mule is EPIC. But the service is slow. =(
We found this little place through Yelp.  Thanks Yelpers! Comfortable, spacious, casual.  Really good pizza and a nice place to hang out.
Very surprised reading these ratings because everything about our experience here last night was wonderful. Excellent service, beautiful, very hip decor and vibe, killer drinks (loved the grapefruit old-fashioned) and great food (calamari and shrimp that we're not in the least greasy, quinoa and beet salad, and the fennel sausage, tomato, and mozz flat bread). We greatly enjoyed the sharing portions. We will be back. Would highly recommend because it's so "modern".
I was extremely excited about going here to try it out. I was excited about seeing the building itself because of all the write ups about it. I will say it is beautiful. However, my best advice is to eat dinner at home before you go. I have never left a resturant hungry in my entire life until Saturday night. The place was busy as I expected for a Saturday night at a new resturant and we had to wait...no problem. My husband who has been in the resturant business forever went to the bar to order us drinks, no citron vodka but they could put a lemon in it and it took 2-3 bartenders to figure out how to make a bay breeze. It was obvious that they were hired to look pretty behind the bar but have no idea about basic drink recipes. When we were seated we asked our waitress what she would recommend as the wait staff usually knows the menu inside and out, especially with a new  place. She recommended the pretzel dusted calamari and shrimp as well as the pizza with burrata, arugula and cherry tomatoes. Both sounded delish so we ordered both. When the calamari and shrimp came it was soooo over cooked that I might as well have been chewing on one of my car tires, the pizza had about three teaspoons of burrata on it, 4 cherry tomatoes cut in half and piled high with arugula. No dressing, no sauce, no seasoning, nada. The pizza crust was about the caliber of a premade boboli crust you can buy at the grocery store.  When she came back to our table, with hardly any food eaten and we asked for our check she didn't even bother to ask if we liked it but I would think it would be obvious from our plates. We left and went to mattisons on Main Street and as always it was excellent.  Maybe stop by to see the pretty place and pretty people on your way to actually eat and drink at mattisons.
Had a great time there on Saturday. First off, the restaurant is fabulous inside and out. Food was good, drinks were creative, wine list was extensive, and service was attentive. We started with cocktails at the bar, then were seated outside--gorgeous! There was a slight chill so they had the heat lamps going. We started with the calamari appetizer and traditional meatballs on potato rolls, then we all got various entrees. I enjoyed the black pasta with shrimp and everyone enjoyed their food. After dinner we went to the lounge in the back, that place is very cool! If nothing else (or if you can't get a table) go to the lounge in the back for a drink. Overall, it was a great night out that ticked every box for a fun dinner out with friends!
went with a friend from work on the recommendation of a client. we walked in and I immediately love the vibe of the place. very trendy. we say at the bar and had a couple of their specialty cocktails. the basil martini was delicious and refreshing. we ordered a cheese and meat plate which was tasty. I will definitely be going back!
