Anyone that hates on Memories simply doesn't understand it. Karaoke on Friday nights at Memories is a Sarasota institution.     The drinks are cheap, and the bartenders are the most friendly in town. Long live Memories!
Visited the establishment as my usual pub was closed this particular evening. This place felt like it was from a straight-to-dvd movie. Very dark inside aside from the pool table area. The crowd was mixed with student-aged pool players to crotchety older folks. Everyone aside from myself seemed to be smoking.  Definitely a "regulars" type of place. Bartender was attentive and the drinks were made well.
OK, first off, I felt like I lost 5 years of my life in the 2 hours that we were there.  The place is FILLED with cigarette smoke.  People must go there just for the purpose of chain smoking.  I swear.  And the thing is, I smoke when I drink, but being in there, I didn't even have the desire! Once you get over the fact that you're almost committing suicide by being there, it does seem like a neat place.  With a Karaoke machine and all, there are good times to be had!  I went there with a friend of mine from college that lives in town.  So it was nice to visit with her and catch up.  She suggested this place as her favorite Dive in Sarasota.  That it is.  A total DIVE, but with fun potential.  Drinks are cheap (I think my total tab was $35 for 3 Black on the Rocks, 2 Irish Car Bombs, and 2 Coronas),  Crowd is young and fun.
A total hole in the wall but it's great. The name was fitting since every time I've gone there it was with my closest friends and we all had an amazingly fun drunken time singing karaoke. Also. Mason jars.
Memories is one of those establishments that looks like a dirty strip joint from the outside, but isn't. (Not a stop joint, I mean)You pull into the parking lot knowing that you won't find overpriced drinks and service, and you don't expect much, but the staff is friendly and quick. Drinks are cold and inexpensive even for top shelf. Yes it's smokey, why wouldn't it be? I'm not one to karaoke (much) however watching and listening is great fun here. We visited on a Friday night, the locals were behaving and having a great time as did we. The bar is also attached to a liquor store a plus if you're worried about finding your drink.
The crowd there were nice people. The DJ is awesome and his wife is a lovely person. The owner was nice up until all this happened. My husband and I were on our 1 year anniversary and his RnR from Afghanistan for 15 days. We went to Florida and went to this bar on a friday night. There was a man there that walked up to me and ripped my pool stick out of my hand, told me to shut the F@#$ up and sit down. He threatened if I said anything more that he would call the owner and get us kicked out. My husband and him start talking it out and then the crazy man kicked my husband in the balls and beat the crap out of his face with a pool stick. The owner let him run out and told us we needed to leave. I asked to call 911. The owner and bartender said their phone does not dial out. We are currently pressing charges against the man. His name is John Colvin. We wrote statements and my husband is writing a disposition from Afghanistan. He broke his nose, and gave him stitches. He ruined my husbands only time off for the 1 year that he is deployed. The owner should get time in jail too, it is his job to maintain the crowd and if we can we are going to sue him as well.
Memories is a dive bar, and the best one in Bradenton.  There's a jukebox, pool table and video games.  The bartender has been there for years.  The drinks are dirt cheap.  It's filled with smoke and weirdos.  Its fantastic.
Yes, it is smokey, but if you can hack that, this is one of the great dive bars in America.  Always offbeat, friendly people.  Capable bartenders who serve up amazing bargains such as a Grey Goose martini for $5.50.  That's ridiculous.  The karaoke is only Wednesday and Friday, and doesn't start until 11:30 or so, but it is great fun.  The last time I was there the karaoke ended at 2 with everyone in the bar up singing together, then it was out to the parking lot for one last acapella number.   This is what bars should be - strangers getting loopy and acting like old friends.
