If I could fall in love with a restaurant...this would be the one.  Yesterday was my second time a this restaurant.  Both times I went, I was there for the happy hour (4:30-6:30) everyday.   First, I love the atmosphere of this place.  It is dimly lit and creates a nice relaxing atmosphere that is quiet and comfortable.  Both times, I was greeted promptly at the door by Jeffrey who was also our server.  Jeffrey is a wonderful server...very friendly and very accommodating.  He always makes sure that we know what is included in the happy hour and he always comes back to the table at the end of happy to make sure we don't want to add anything else before it ends.   Now to the food...they have a very unique selection of sushi rolls on their happy hour menu, all of which I tried are absolutely amazing and only $5.  You can watch the chefs making the sushi up at the bar and if you sit at the bar they are all very friendly and interactive and funny as well.  I have not been in here other than for happy hour but I definitely want to go back at some point and try some of their entrees and items off the non-happy hour menu.
Great Sushi!! Love Tsunami for sushi, refreshing drinks, and fun with friends.  Great place to "hang out" or go on date night.  Love the atmosphere and food!!
This was my first time at the Tsunami Sushi & Hibachi Grill.  I can say that they have one of the best happy hours in Sarasota.  From 4-6:30pm, drinks are buy one get one free and sushi rolls are $5 each.  The service was 5 stars and the place is just really nice.  Can't wait to go back soon!
We love this place.  My husband takes me here for lunch dates.  We've always had excellent dishes and amazing lunch specials here.  They have a great location in the heart of downtown and the best Sushi in Sarasota.  They let us customize our order with brown rice/ sushi too.  The friendly owners and waiters make you feel welcome.  They invited us to come back for the happy hour specials and they let us know about special events in town.   They are cool with my dog hanging outside on the patio, they gave him a water bowl and everything.
Great cocktails at great prices. I had a sushi regular entree and really enjoyed it -- the $17 price seemed fairly reasonable, especially for this area of town, which can be a little on the pricier side. Friendly service. I'll definitely be back when I'm in town.
Phenomenal. Service is great, cute place, jazz in the background, fresh sushi, creative rolls. Hubby and I will be back for sure. Love it.
Would post six stars if possible! Drawing from my experiences eating sushi in Japan, California, and Miami, you'd be hard pressed to reach sushi nirvana anywhere outside of Tsunami in Sarasota. Not only is the service impeccable (hey Jeffrey and Sam!), the food leaves you dumbfounded - you'll wonder how you tolerated all the other local copycats with their krab and cream-cheese infused clumps of rice they call 'rolls'. Courses of thinly sliced steak filets served on flaming rocks, pairings of FRESH fish embraced by exotic vegetables and spices, and an ambiance that speaks of the owner's background in interior design. Did I mention it was so good, we came back the following night with two additional friends who vowed to do the same? These guys will go far in this business!
Won't go back. Wanted to try some place different for happy hour. Deals are great (2 for 1 beers and $5.00 rolls) but happy hour rolls are mainly rice and bland. Plus side is due to friendly, helpful staff. **update** vomited within a couple hours after writing this review. Food poisoning? There's no way to know for sure but I didn't eat anything else and no one has been sick (flu) around any of us.
I eat here on the regular... for a reason. Hands down, the nicest staff, most wonderful atmosphere and words can't describe the food. If you are a first timer, try the chicken hibachi and hurricane roll (with salmon) if you're a sushi lover. Absolutely wonderful and somewhat of a hidden gem in Sarasota. It's by far my favorite restaurant and I eat out quite a bit.
Super nice food! The fish is fresh and all the hot Asian foods are awesome!! Impressed by the noodles and dumplings even as an Asian myself.
Very flavorful and fresh specialty rolls. Loved the Waikiki, Main Street, and nemo rolls. They included mango slices inside the rolls.  Highly recommend
Went for lunch with two small children. The waitress was very accommodating and patients. It was raining outside, which perhaps explains why it was so slow even at lunchtime. We had the shrimp hibachi, which was $8.99 and came with soup and salad. We also had the lunch special of three rolls for $12. That entrée also came with soup and salad. The food was very good, nice presentation, "real" dishes. Feels like a high-end Japanese restaurant.
Delicious food! I'm half Japanese so i know  my sushi, and theirs is phenomenal. Never had a bad meal! Reasonable prices and awesome happy hour ($5 rolls and 2 for 1 drinks). Plus their cocktails are yummy!
Hooray for the renovation! This was the first place I visited for sushi after moving to Sarasota and I was so disappointed after I visited the once dungeon-like and smelly restaurant. Years later I walked in and was amazed by the lack of stink and complete renovation of the place. I'm a huge fan of their SUSHI. It's fresh and portions to price ratio are right on. Get their sashimi for melt in your mouth generous portions, but they have a selection of creative rolls too. Iced green tea is murky, healthy and refreshing! The rest of the menu items are okay. Curries have great flavor, but they are definitely watery, which I don't mind b/c then I know it's a little lighter.  We always order the panang spicy or extra spicy and for us, it's not too hot compared to when you order "Thai spicy", so most will be safe with getting it spicy.  Don't eat the ginger dressing unless you don't mind onion and onion breath all night. It's more onion than ginger, but it's fresh and light. Staff is extremely pleasant and attentive. Jane from Saijo works there now and the owner or manager who is always there is sweet as can be. Sushi chef is also quick, so you don't wait forever for your sushi if you know what I mean.
Love this place, best sushi in SRQ. Johnny (sushi chef) is so kind and makes his customers feel welcomed. He makes amazing sushi rolls and is very creative. The addition of Sam and Jeffery as co owners has made this place even better!!! Tell your friends to try it, they will love it!
Great happy hour prices, very good services. The sushi was good, I wasn't blown away but it was good. The atmosphere is nice. I would definitely hit up happy hour again. 2 for 1 beers and a great list of $5 sushi rolls.
Decent enough, but by no means amazing. (I had two sushi rolls so that's all I can speak of in terms of a review). The prices are at least working in their favor, but I honestly find the sushi from whole foods to be much better and it's right around the corner.
My family and I wanted a nice dinner for our last night all together on vacation (visiting from Ohio). This restaurant went above and beyond all of our expectations! Every single thing we had was by far the best hibachi and sushi dishes we had ever had. The ginger dressing salad was the best ever along with the clear soup. My aunt loves tempura fried avocado and even though it wasn't on their menu-they made it for us on the spot. The service was incredible. All the servers were so genuine and efficient. After dinner they brought us out free dessert for the new year! Truly cannot praise this place enough. Highly highly recommended!!!
I work downtown so I generally have lunch out somewhere at least once a week. Tsunami is definitely a favorite. They have a nice affordable lunch menu and that helps. I found that the Bento Box lunch was super tasty and affordable. I'm also very fond of the Hibachi lunch special. I've ordered sushi here only a couple times as I have a preference towards other sushi in the area. The Filet Hibachi is my favorite and the beef is always prepared perfectly. The rice in the Hibachi special is the most delicious rice I've ever had. This is a favorite for many of my coworkers as well. Every time I smell a hibachi lunch coming through the door I secretly wish I had ordered one myself. Enjoy!
What a great experience!  The restaurant is clean, great decor, menu options are very creative and exciting, and the service is on point!  Co-owners Sam and Jeff were welcoming, funny, and enthusiastic about making this Sarasota sushi spot a place to come back to. We ordered the avocado salad, the cucumber salad, the potstickers, and the tuna tataki apps and each one was better than the last. We then ordered the Hurricane, Crimson, and Hell rolls- great, great, and great!  To finish the meal, we had the deep fried cheesecake with ice cream and whipped cream- Ooooo Maaaa Gaaaa!  Great experience from start to finish!
Wonderful food and atmosphere, now my favorite restaurant great prices too I definitely recommend giving them a try
This rating  is totally based on service...  On the lunch sushi menu - one of the option is - eel cucumber or avocado roll. When I ordered an eel and avocado roll the waitress said it was either an EEL AND CUCUMBER OR an AVOCADO ROLL.  I was NOT able to get an EEL AND AVOCADO roll on the lunch special... When I asked are you sure, she replied, I am positive.  I walked over to the sushi chef and confirmed I can order an EEL AND AVOCADO roll and got what I wanted...  The saying "customer is always right" should come into play here...  But please tell me even if I wasn't a customer that I am still right...  Please???
Fantastic, this place is wonderful. Treated great by the staff. I can not say enough about this wonderful plsce.
Consistently amazing sushi and incredibly affordable prices. Their lunch specials are spectacular and even available on the weekends! I visit this place once a week as a lovely little ritual. The spicy scallop hand rolls are necessary to my survival at this point.
Not the best sushi in town nor the best service. But the food is great and very affordable for a downtown restaurant. The hibachi plate is AWESOME!!!
I remember when I first saw the coming soon sign for Tsunami, my first reaction was "A very ill-conceived name!" In any case, after stopping by for two dinners, I can stay this is a good choice for fresh, fun Japanese in Downtown Sarasota. We went when they first opened in late 2011, and again recently, and I have found that many of the initial kinks (wonky service, food slow to arrive, etc.) have all been worked out. Coming from NY, I have no shortage of sushi in my life, so I was interested to see how successfully it could be pulled off in Sarasota. That being said, I was actually impressed (fancy that!) on my recent visit with everything brought to the table. Our large group ordered a variety of things from steak to shrimp tempura to well, yes, sushi. I went for the Chirashi (a variety of raw fish over rice) which is a good test of how skilled a sushi chef is. Along with that, the Naruto Roll was a pleasant, fresh surprise which I can say I've never seen or had before (and I've been eating sushi for a long time, from New York to Tokyo). The Chirashi was great, and ended up being a huge portion with an eye-catching and exciting variety of fish, but the Naruto Roll was better. I love the idea of a sushi roll made with wrapped slices of cucumber, rather than seaweed rice. What a lovely, fresh alternative (looking forward to having that again!). Everyone else I was with loved their food. They also offer an interesting variety of sakes, though I also found their less expensive "house" sake to be perfectly passable. Along with some unique beers and cocktails, you'll find reliable choices to round out your meal. We have always found the service to be doting, friendly and patient, if a bit confused at times, but hey, it's Florida and maybe I should switch out of "New York, everything now" mode as well. All in all, a wonderful Japanese option in the Downtown area, and worth going a bit out of your way (off Main Street) for!
My wife and I are sushi enthusiasts so we know our sushi really well. We ended up ordering several appetizer dishes along with a sashimi boat. Sashimi was not as fresh as expected. It tasted as though it has been sitting in the refrigerator for a couple of days now. Although we were dissapointed by the sashimi, the appetizer dishes were not all that bad. We ordered pepper tuna, scallops, and salmon appetizers and were decent. Although this place was OK, I don't think we will be visiting again.
Awesome!  $5 sushi rolls from 5 - 7 PM; half price beer, wine, and sake from 4:30 - 7 PM!  Fantastic taste!  Excellent service.
Was able to deal with large party easily.  Very authentic style.  Enjoyed the meal.
Terrible service and mediocre food.. I will never be back.
I actually think this is one of the few places in Bradenton-Sarasota area with fresh fish. I always enjoy my visits here.  The lunch prices are extremely reasonable.  The Bento boxes are superb. And the sushi-sashimi displays always look nice.
Good food and cheap prices...can't get better than that! The spicy tuna roll was divine! The chicken teryaki bento box was delish! My 8 year-old and I were stuffed afterward! Best prices during lunch hours.
The staff is so nice and accommodating! They let us dine for lunch even though they were supposed to be closed in between their lunch and dinner. Also very reasoably priced and great quality fish. I highly recommend this restaurant, my husband and I had several different rolls (tuna, salmon, yellowtail etc) and they were all excellent.
After doing some research on yelp, we decided to have dinner here on our way home from Tampa.  We ordered the sushi sweetheart roll as an appetizer.  The taste was out of this world.  I highly recommend ordering this roll.  I didn't feel like being adventurous that night so I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki with white rice and veggies as my entree, the taste was very good but the chicken was too dry.  My husband ordered the Lobster and Filet Mignon Hibachi which comes with fried rice.  For my toddler, we ordered the chicken hibachi which tasted very good and accompanied by fried rice as well.  Reason for the 4 stars: aside from the dry chicken, the service was very slow for a wednesday evening.  There were only about 4 tables including ours and they only had 1 server who was doing his best to  keep up but it took atleast 10 minutes for the server to acknowledge us and bring us water.
I hate to do this, because my first experience there was pretty good.  But the last two times I have been back, the service has been so slow.  And the last visit was the deal breaker for me.  Three of us met there on a Saturday night, it was 730 pm and maybe the restaurant was a quarter full.  There was very few tables taken.  We sat outside, and were the only table out there, so I give the waitress some slack on getting in and out to us.  However...I ordered a sushi roll, my friend ordered a sushi roll, and we waited nearly a half hour, when our third party showed up.  He ordered dumplings because he wanted something quick so that he could eat with us.  His dumplings came out in 10 minutes.  He didn't enjoy them, or eating alone.  We waited another 15 for our sushi.  But alas, they only they brought my friends roll out.  But wait? It's been an hour now...where's mine?  I asked for extra wasabi also, and she never brought that.  And can I get another glass of wine?  Guess not.  About an hour and twenty, my roll finally comes out.  It smells of bad fish so much so that I felt faint.  The waitress of course had already scampered off back inside.  Did I mention that she forgot my wasabi??? i and left me with nothing to smother over and hide this rotten roll?  Well, hungry as I was..I figured out it was the "roe" that was fishy..and scrapped it all off...managed to consume the eel and what was salvaged.  But our experience there was not and could never be.  We managed to salvage the night at Mattisons...and definitely won't be back to Tsunami.
Tsunami is very good and a great price for lunch. We have only taken out so far and usually get the 2 rolls for $8.95 which comes with Miso Soup and a Salad. I also love the Hibachi Shrimp which comes with a delicious lightly sauteed rice and the vegetables are fresh and cooked just right. This too comes with soup and salad for $8.95. I always eat half and take the rest home for dinner. It looks really nice inside and eventually I would like to eat there. My coworkers have gotten the Hibachi Chicken which they enjoyed. The Shrimp comes with a tasty dipping sauce as well. The only negative is if you do take out, and the girl answers, she tends to get your order wrong. It has happened twice. And I mean really wrong; leaving out a whole meal or a salad. But she is sweet so we bare with it. I considered 5 stars but since we only have done take-out I had to base it on that. I will update after eating in.
I suffered a severe 4 day bout of food poisoning because I ate here. Out of my party of four, I was the only one who ate shrimp or scallops, and this dinner was the only thing I had to eat that day. Six hours later, I seriously thought I was going to die. I have told everyone I know to avoid this place unless they have a death wish.
