This Is a great course and fun for all ages. Like some others said the cost is a little high but when you throw in the discounted second round it is not so bad. As for the course it is a bit tricky in some places but other holes a straight forward with a few simple bank shots. The staff was very friendly and talkative which is always nice. Will have to come back when in town and play again.
This is a fun little spot. It is good for singles, couples and family's. There are a full 18 holes and the scenery is nice. There is a groupon for $14 for a full round of golf for 2 people.
At siesta key for the week and looking for a good miniature golf place for the kids. This place fit. Caves, alligators and pirate ships. Well maintained. Would come back.
It is a little pricey, but is a nice course! Plus, you can feed the alligators! Very cool!
We always try to play miniature golf on vacations & this was one of the better maintained courses.  Turf appeared pretty new & everything was clean & nicely landscaped.  They have an added bonus of feeding alligators.  It was pricey at $51 for 3 of us, this included alligator food.  We had fun anyway.
Love mini golf, but this place was expensive for locals. They do offer a locals card that gives you a discount, though. Was fun. May go again when I have visitors from out of town who are bored.
My rating is purely based on the living conditions of the albino gator (Pearl). I had a great time playing put put, but when I saw her living "space" which is not large enough for her to swim in, and provided zero habitat, just a wooden box, my heart sunk. If you're going to keep an animal, please, place it in better living conditions. What kind of life is that for any creature?
I really enjoyed my time here. The staff is incredibly friendly, and are ready to help you out in an instant. They have a $1.99 special for the second round, but only until 6pm. But when we asked for it after 6pm, they still gave it to us. The course is a bit easy. Like they have these diagrams at each hole on how you should hit the ball, in order to reach the hole, but you look at what lies in front of you, and you realize that you could just putt straight ahead, and make the hole. But I had a great time here and would definitely come back.
This is the best mini golf I've ever been to...and I've played my fair share of mini golf. Maybe I'm a bit biased, I've been coming here whenever I was in Sarasota (typically 1-2x/yr) since I was about 8. They are pretty creative with their "obstacles" and while you won't find any windmills here, you will find 3 holes that are in caves. Pretty cool. Overall the course is fun but challenging and beautifully landscaped. People my group usually shoot between 38-48 on a round. Another plus...the place is super clean and well-maintained. Aaand you can feed baby alligators. The best deal by far is to play at least 2 rounds because the first is pretty pricey (I want to say $9.50 or $10.50/pp) and then you can play a 2nd round for $1/pp. They also have a "mystery" hole where if you get a hole in 1 you get a coupon for a free game. I think they also give out coupons for $1 off/pp. I think it's worth it and always look forward to a couple rounds when I visit. It's as close as I'll get to "real" golf...
I absolutely loved this miniature golf course!!! I mean the place has real gators. . .that you can feed! Awesome! It was definitely the perfect way to spend a couple hours.   To start from the beginning. . .the staff was super nice and helpful! Bill bought 4 bags of alligator food at $2.99 a piece (each bag contains 4 pieces of meat).  Although I admit that is a little pricey, it was worth the experience! To feed the alligators, you get little fishing poles with this bobby pin contraption on the end where you place the meat.  Then, you hang the fishing pole in the water and watch them grab it! We had so much fun acting like little kids. . . just fishing for alligators :) Onto the golf course, my boyfriend is an avid golfer so I always get a little intimidated playing golf with him, even if it is only putt-putt! But. . .the course was so uniquely designed and fun that we played and didn't even keep score! I even got a hole in one and believe me, I am NOT a golfer! In addition, the golf course was very clean and near every hole there is usually a bench where you can sit and hang out if you have to wait. Before we started golfing they told us they were having a "mystery hole" contest where you tell them what number you got a hole in one at and if it was the "mystery number" you won a free round of golf! Unfortuantely, we did not win however, I thought that was a fun game!  And finally, they also gave Bill and I a couple coupons for $1.00 off our next round of golf! Overall, I had a wonderful time and we are definitely planning to go back! OH! And they also have a cool albino alligator that is worth checking out at the end of your game ;)
Our family had a wonderful time playing miniature golf.  The weather was threatening rain and no one else was at the facility. Sure enough 15 mins into our game it began raining really hard. Our family stayed dry in a cave on the course.  After a few mins Christine (the front gate attendant) came looking for us to make sure we were ok. She even brought a raincoat for us. The course was fun to play and Christine's customer service made this a wonderful experience. FWIW - we used Groupons 2/1 to pay so it was a little less painful financially.
This is a fun mini golf course.  They post hints on putting strategy on each hole.  I did good, beat my husband with quite a few hole in ones.   Watch out for the gators in the pond!  They even had a rare albino gator in a cage, which seemed kinda cruel because there was no "gator atmosphere" just water and a platform. Wonder what PETA would have said about that? Price was a bit high I thought, at $13 per player, but you can play another round at a greatly discounted price.  They'll even let you leave and come back to play at the discount as long as it's before last tee that day.
KIDS WILL LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Not only do they have miniature golf, add on feeding gators, ice-cream, slushies and a chance to win a free game if you get a hole in one at their secret hole!  Just don't go when it is 95 and sunny!
We had a great time until we came across the 20+ adolescent alligators in the dyed blue, heavily chlorinated water. In order for this business to have alligators, they should need to consult with a habitat specialist because their current situation doesn't provide for their needs, whatsoever. Cruel. We cannot support this business. Should have asked for our money back.
Great mini golf. Staff is friendly, courteous and very attentive to any kids. Putters even in very small sizes for the littlest of kids. Our family has been here many times over the years but every time we visit our home in LBK our daughters always want to know can we go to Smuggler's Cove? Even though they play golf they still love the experience. Go have some fun.
I'm not a big fan of miniature golf.... But the kids love it..... So as far as mini golf goes, this place is great..... Clean, well kept and super friendly staff
So much fun!  Where else do you get to feed cute little baby alligators and play put-put at the same time?  Alright, many places... especially in florida.  But I had a great time and would definitely go back!
THis course is all pomp and no circumstance. Gators, fancy waterfalls and high prices ($12 bucks without the lousy $1 off coupon). All the holes are par 2 and very unimaginative and boring. They seemed to have spent all their money on landscaping and pretty signs. If your looking for a challenging course this is not the one. Plus, its annoying that the $1.99 return to play 2nd round was only valid at this one course besides the fact that the company owns a bunch of courses all over Florida including in sarasota where we were headed after playing the round. Dumb policy.
This place has a fun, creative course, but it is just too easy compared to other mini-golf courses. My three year old finished it in 20 minutes. The aligators are a cool touch.
This place is hilarious.  I wish they would clear out the alligators and let Pearl have the big pool to herself, but as a putt-putt course, this place is awesome.  They went all out with the fake concrete and stucco cave system, pirate theme and waterfall displays.  They stay open late-ish, which is also nice.  Holes are fun...maybe I would ask for one or two "over-the-top" holes with more pipes and cheesy obstacles, but honestly, the place is great.
Ok course. Have played much better on Atlantic side. Felt it was overpriced and the workers tried to sell everything: extra round, gator food, drinks, ice cream.
