I just came back from a 60 minute deep pore cleansing facial and my skin feels amazing! I have found my go-to for european facials! I have rosacea, and in my past experience not very many estheticians in Florida seemed to make any adjustments vs Linda made sure her product choice and technique was custom to my needs. She is passionate about her practice, knowledgable and extremely welcoming. She sent me home with a bunch of samples and spoke with me about my skin regime in a thoughtful way (vs. pressuring, salesy way)  which I appreciated. Highly recommend Urban Oasis for anyone looking for a great  deep pore cleansing facial!
I hope Linda plans to stay in Sarasota for a lonnnng lonnnng time because I will not get a Brazilian wax anywhere else... It's clean and quiet. Just you and Linda when you go for your service, so much nicer than a loud bustling, crowded spa. She's very quick and there's really little to no pain, and an all around great lady you can talk to and feel comfortable with.
Bad. Bad bad bad. I made the mistake of getting a Brazilian Wax from Linda. I was burned. It took less than 15 minutes. She didn't use gloves. I still had a WHOLE bunch of hair. Most painful wax I've ever had. I will never go back, I do not recommend.
Linda is awesome.  I went to her only because I had read the two reviews on Yelp.  I was very impressed as to how at ease she put me (my first wax) and seriously this stuff is supposed to hurt right??? wrong!.   Linda is a true professional and NO pain at all, and was a quick session. I am definately a loyal customer and will make sure to send my friends and family her way.
A Brazilian by Linda may be one of the least painful waxes one ever experiences. However, I doubt I'd be returning to her while again in town because I question the cleanliness of her waxing practice for 3 reasons: 1) She doesn't wear gloves. She does thoroughly wash her hands in front of you but I prefer strangers to wear gloves especially for a Brazilian. 2) She double dips. She had stated that she uses a fresh pot of wax for each client but I didn't see her throw out "my" pot after our appointment so I'm unsure of her statement's validity. 3) Her wax wasn't thorough - a few strands were left un-waxed. I so wish my appointment with her went better as her Brazilian was fairly painless but I'm particular about cleanliness and I just wasn't comfortable/comforted by her practice.
Linda was very nice and the experience was painless considering (Brazilian wax)... I was very nervous and almost backed out, she was nice, and did a great job!!!! She now has a lifetime customer in me :) thank you!
Linda is the BEST Brazilian wax ever. I went to her for my first wax. She was awesome. Good prices and very clean. I moved and whenever I'm in town (which is every couple months) I go back for a wax.
I've just moved from New York City to Sarasota and was hunting far and wide for a reliable and affordable place for a bikini wax and I've hit a winner with Linda Vincent!  She responded immediately to my email request for an appointment and I was able to get one for the next day.  Regardless, Linda would be worth a wait because she does a thorough and quick job, using high quality wax.  And let's face it, a bikini wax is no picnic, but I would say that Linda's wax was one of--if not THE--most painless bikini wax I've ever had.   I plan on becoming a regular customer.
Wow! Thanks Linda!  Great wax, NO pain...awesome!
