I had a spafinder gift card and found this place online. It had very positive reviews, so I thought we would try it out. I got a 80 minute Swedish massage with my boyfriend in the couples room. They were very accommodating and got us an appointment with less than 24 hour notice. Good massage, but not the best I have ever had. Although this place is in an office building, it it quiet and relaxing. The couples room was a little chilly, even with the sheet and blanket.
EVERYONE was great except the owners daughter she is beyond rude and nasty. Not something you want to deal when paying $130 dollars for 2 hours. She does massages and manicures. Watch out if you get her she will snap at you and roll her eyes at you if you can't read her mind and move your hand or neck exactly how she wants. It took all I had not to loose it on her and if it had not been for my sister in law and the sweet owner sitting there I would have. I hope she reads this ( I am the one with rheumatoid arthritis....look it up and if you ever get it one day I guarantee you will be needing more than a smoothie to make it through the day). Sorry my wrists could not bend perfectly.
An extremely sweet and generous friend gave me a gift certificate for a half day package at this spa. It included a massage, facial, manicure, pedicure and lunch. First of all I have to note that the masseuse and the lady who did the facial and nails were both very sweet and very friendly. Their attitudes were polite and professional, and I would have returned to either in the future. The low rating I'm giving is for the downright rude receptionist I had to deal with at the end of my lovely gift. The massage was fine, a very standard and nicely paced experience. I very much appreciated that the masseuse didn't try to talk the whole way through, she was quiet and allowed me to really relax and zone out. The facial was somewhat marred right from the start after it was explained that we would be doing a "facial mapping" and recommending products for my skin type and issues. Uh oh ... you know that if they start with that right off the bat then your relaxing facial isn't going to be so relaxing; it's going to be a sales opportunity with a captive audience. Sure enough, that's what it was. When I walked up to the reception area at the end I was intending to make an appointment for a couples massage as well as to buy a starter set for the anti-aging line of the product they carry. Approaching the counter, the man there shoved a couple of bottles of product in front of me and told me that the aesthetician had set them out for me and asked if I would be taking them. I was not even through my first sentence explaining that I wanted to find some reviews on the product line before I bought full-size bottle of anything, he grabbed the bottles off the counter, tossed them down on his desk and said, "That's a no then." I never even got to the point of asking about the things I did want to buy. I'm not quite clear what brought that attitude on - well, actually I'm assuming that it was because I wasn't going to calmly go along with the sales effort - but that did it for me. I told him that it was now indeed a "no". He said, "You're all done then," and turned away. Apparently I was dismissed. No questions as to how my day had been, was I nice and relaxed now, how did I like my first visit to the spa, would I like to make an appointment for any future services, was I pleased with my mani/pedi ... nothing like that. This guy barely acknowledged me, didn't smile once or say anything pleasant. The whole attitude was unfriendly, brusque, and rude. The last minute or so of my visit left a sufficiently unpleasant taste that the whole day was sort of ruined, and I will most certainly not be going back there. There are tens of day spas in Sarasota (Yelp lists 79). I'd suggest you pick another one unless you like rude receptionists. Why spend money there when you spend it elsewhere and have pleasant experience all round.
Starting with the appointment scheduling I found the receptionist to be cold and impersonal. Clearly she was only concerned with collecting money for their over-priced services! The spa itself was relatively clean, although the reception area is very cluttered. The nail tech was professional but my nails were left crooked and uneven and the gel polish which normally last 10-14 days, began peeling off in 4 days. The staff there seemed tense and unhappy which made me feel stressed, exactly what I was trying to avoid. I would not return. This town is full of salons and spas that are clean, pleasant and provide superior customer service/pampering.
Dated. Dusty. The entrance is overly crowded with many different brands of products and tschotskes. It smells like an old ladies closet. My service was a pedicure. I was shamed by the technician for not sitting down properly because it was a "very expensive pedicure chair".  She made me re-do how I sat down!  If they hadn't already collected my credit card to book the appointment I would've left. My pedicure was average to bad.  She cut my nails at an angle with it too far into the quick on one side.   I thought by spending triple the normal price by going to a "spa" I would have a relaxing experience. I didn't. The technician talked the WHOLE time! I would not recommend.
I normally go to a spa in Tampa and imo worth the drive... but I decided to stay local and try The Little Day Spa. It wasn't bad but it could have been a lot better. My microderm was interrupted twice due to the phone ringing with no one at reception to answer it. Also, I was also told their prices were better, because, unlike most spas you are not over charged for the massage part of the treatment. For the $20 more I prefer the hour+ treatment with relaxing massage and aromatherapy to this 30 minute made into an hour due to interruptions with no massage what so ever waste of time. Not to mention I paid with a $100 spa finder gift card, giving me about $20 credited to my name that I can only use on another service.
What a great find!  Flying in for a wedding, my boyfriend wrangled a free night to attend the bachelor party by buying me an awesome aromatherapy massage!  Clever lad!   Our flight was delayed two hours, and the Little Day Spa was graciously able to accommodate a later booking.  Word of warning, it was a bit hard for us to find, since it's hidden away on the second floor of an office building, but this was only a problem for us because we came almost straight from the airport and were still a few minutes late.  "No probs!" said Little Day Spa, "We're running a few minutes late ourselves!"  I waited briefly in the very quiet waiting room before being ushered into the room.  As the masseuse started up, she made sure to check that, since we were starting late, was it okay if we ran a few minutes over?  I briefly laughed at the idea that anyone would schedule something urgent immediately following a massage, but then remembered that I'd cleverly scheduled my massage immediately following a flight, so who was I to talk? The massage was lovely - my masseuse even gave me a few relaxation tips (tense, moi?!) - and I left smelling great.   So - leave yourself a few extra minutes to find the Little Day Spa, and then enjoy!
For the money, this was a very average experience.  A massage is one of those experiences, where even when it's bad, it's good.  My experience wasn't bad, it was just average.  But, if I'm going to get an average experience, then I will go where it is cheaper.
Very relaxing, very friendly, VERY thorough waxing.
I recently vacationed in Orlando, Florida.  While on my way to the beach for a day trip with my family, I stumbled across this gem of a spa on foursquare.  If you are near Sarasota and in need of some pampering, this spa will not disappoint!
This is where I go when I need a treat.  It's very quiet, serene and relaxing. I've used a number of their services and was very happy with all of them, however, my hands down favorite is the micro-derm abrasion treatment. I purchased the package of 6. How nice when family, friends, and even, strangers comment on your skin! It's a must-have treatment living in the sunshine state. The team is very professional yet friendly and welcoming.  I'll be back...again and again.
