Really happy with our painting! Fell in love with it online, bought the groupon- great deal! Reached on time and really beautiful piece!
I pretty much second everything Peggy Sue K. wrote. I ordered a painting via a Groupon deal and when it finally arrived, it looked like it was painted by kindergarten kids during paint time on a rainy day (and that's probably an insult to kindergarten kids.) Suffice to say it was nothing like the photos online. It was super sloppy and just bleh. I contacted Fabuart's customer support and they strongly encouraged me to swap it out for another painting (versus giving me a refund.) Well, I never received the photos they promised me of the replacement painting they were going to send me. Thank goodness the awesome people at Groupon customer service were able to help get some money back. If their paintings looked half as good as the ones they have online, I would have been a happy camper but that was just not the case. Way overpriced (even with a Groupon.) Avoid, avoid, avoid.
I purchased a painting over a month ago and finally received it today. To say the least, I am very disappointed with what it looks like. I posted a picture of it. It's the abstract tree art painting in gray and red to the right. I haven't spoken to customer service yet. There's no way I'll be ordering another painting from Fabuart.
I purchased a Groupon for Fabuart.com thinking that with the vast amount of paintings they have that they'd have some great options for me - and luckily I was right! After several days of perusing their huge catalog with family and friends, I finally picked out the piece that would be perfect for me. The painting I wanted wasn't in stock and I was very disappointed to be told it would take 4-6 Weeks to paint and ship it. I was angered by this, but within two weeks I received an e-mail saying it had been shipped! It was a bit confusing how to find my tracking number, as it's not stored on the website or e-mailed by Fabuart directly. But, within three weeks from the purchase date, I was the proud owner of a great piece of art! It's a bit pricey without the Groupon, but if you see one for it, DEFINITELY partake!
I don't get the negative reviews here.  I got just what I ordered and it was great!  The shipping was done within 2 weeks and I used the groupon to get a $300 piece of art for a little over $100.  The only criticism I would give is that the art should of come with a picture of what it should look like because I actually put it together backwards the first time.  Besides that though I loved it and think it looks great in my office.  Thanks FABUART!
Not impressed at all! The issue I was experiencing from trying to purchase two Fabuart deals (Love Birds and Red Abstract) from Groupon should have been a sign not to go through with it. I did not listen and called Groupon and they were able to put the order in for me manually. I was excited when my packages arrived in the mail 2 days ago. However, once I opened the packages I was in for a huge disappointment! The pictures of the artwork on the Groupon and Fabuart site are deceiving! You really do think you're getting a fabulous piece of art work (like what is displayed on their websites) but what you really get is something leftover from an artclass or something from the "reject" pile. Perhaps, this is what Groupon does - maybe they purchase the rejects that Fabuart does not want. I totally understand that these pieces of "art" are hand painted and that there will be some slight variances but the differences that I saw were anything but slight. In addition, one of the panels of the Red Abstract artwork was damaged, like the paint had been ripped off. Each panel was wrapped in plastic so I'm not sure why or how it got damaged - at any rate this is not a piece of art I'd like to keep regardless. Red Abstract: This artwork had way too many lines and paint splatters than what is pictured on the Groupon and Fabuart websites. The painting also was way too dark than what is pictured. As I mentioned earlier, one of the panels was damaged and was missing some paint. Love Birds: This artwork was not half as bad as the Red Abstract. The main things I noticed is that the moon was painted way too big. Because of thie large moon, the rest of the landscape (water and mountains) was not painted in. I'm not sure if the art I received for this piece was a return because the picture mounts were already installed on each panel. The Red Abstract package included the picture mounts in a separate plastic bag. I've contacted Groupon Support to see if they can send me what is pictured on their website. If they cannot, then I asked for a full refund. We shall see what happens.
I purchased a certificate for Fabuart.  After browsing their extensive catalog of art pieces I finally decided on the ONE.  I made the online purchase on 11/19/13 and the payment was immediately taken from my paypal account on 11/19/13. Over a week goes by and I here nothing from the company, they have already collected payment and I should have already received the piece by now.  I email them on 11/27/13 asking them for the tracking number of my package.  Their reply on 11/28/13 is that they canceled my order (but they kept my money and never notified me they canceled my order) because I only paid $15 shipping and it would be $42 MORE to ship to California!!!  What?!?!?  I am clearly in their delivery zone!!!  I email them back  and ask why $42 more when the site clearly states it will be $15.  They reply back via email that the email about the shipping was sent in ERROR (really it was an error that you are trying to get me pay another $42) and the reason they canceled my order is because they don't except the discount which their system excepted when I placed the order!!!  They then say I need to pay the $25 their system discounted me.  They send me a paypal invoice on 11/29/13 and I immediately pay for it as it has already been 10 days since my order and I request them to let me know when this item will ship. They reply back the item will be shipped within 1-2 days. On 12/4/13 I receive an email from Fabuart saying my order has been marked SHIPPED TO CUSTOMER (well this is more than two days, but finally!!) WAIT....thats not all folks!!!  On 12/6/13 (yes two days later) they email me this: "Thank you for your order . As you know the product you ordered was indicated as in stock for fast shipping when you ordered it and the shipping labels were prepared for your order. Unfortunately, our shipping center asked that I contact you today to inform you that this painting is no longer in stock and would take 40 days for the creation of a new one." Huh???  Two days ago you marked it as shipped, how does that work???? I still want the piece so I tell them I will wait.  On 12/17/13 they email me that the product has shipped -- at this point, I will believe it when I see it. About a week or so later I do in fact receive a package with a piece of art.  I ordered a piece that was a tree in blue/green/gold.  I received a piece with NO COLOR, it was just straight metal.  WHAT!!!  Are you kidding me?!?!?  I can't believe this is happening!!! I email them photos of the piece I received showing them that the art piece is incorrect.  They email me with an apology, advise me it will be another 4-6 weeks for the piece, in the meantime they will send me a small canvas.  I advise them I will still wait for the piece and a couple of weeks later I receive a small canvas which wasn't even stretched properly over the frame so it has small waves in the canvas.  I also had to package the incorrect piece and ship it back to them. On 1/10/14, Fabuart emails me with pictures of the painting I should be receiving as I asked them to see it before it ships.  On 01/14/14, I receive an email my art piece has been shipped.  Again, I will believe it when I see it. Finally after two months I receive my piece!!  Not sure it was worth the frustration.
Buyer Beware!  The selection on their website is vast and the quality looks amazing, but the product is not as represented.  The original works as pictured are well worth what you pay, but that isn't what you get.  You wait 6 weeks to get a grade school rendering of the pictured work-no exaggeration.  Their return process is confusing at best (note they are not actually a US based company) and a refund is non-existent when you have used a Groupon, so your stuck with what you get.  I was able to get a 50% Groupon refund and wrapped the canvases with fabric to be able to use them, but it was an expensive lesson.  I was shocked to see today that Groupon is still partnered wtih FabuArt.  The experience has changed the way I use Groupon, I will no longer purchase anything I am not already familiar with since you have no recourse to get your money back.
