Great atmosphere. Warm greeting when you enter and offered a beer coffee or water. Rhonda was my barber but she retired from cutting hair. Pam is also an excellent barber. Straight razor shaves with hot towels. Kimberly is great with massage manicure and pedicures. All the barbers are great and they know you by name after your first visit. Been going here for three years. Can be a little pricey if you get multiple services.
Been coming here regularly for over a year now.  Whether a haircut, shave, manicure or massage--always great service.  Highly recommend.
If you live in or find yourself in the Sarasota area and need some pampering YOU. MUST. GO. to Just Gents.  I've been here unexpectedly for a week caring for my ill brother.  My hair was a complete mess (I'm growing it out after 15 years of buzzing it myself) and had become entirely unmanageable.  I had planned to get it cut and styled as soon as I got home to Nashville but I just couldn't wait any longer.   I had gone to a "mass market" chop shop with my brother in a statement of solidarity but got a butcher job of a cut.  Nearly in tears (remember this was my first professional cut in years) I found Just Gents on a general search on Yelp.  I was able to walk in, and before I had taken my first sip of complementary wine, I was sitting in Rhonda's chair telling her my tale of woe.  She reassured me she would make me pretty. She took her time correcting the bowl cut I had received and topped it off with a hot towel, neck shave, wash and condition, head and shoulder massage, and the confidence to walk out of there a new man.   With the variety of services Just Gents offers (massage, mani/pedi, etc), I could have spent the whole day there, or at least till I ran out of money.  Since I will be in Sarasota frequently in the future, Just Gents is for sure going to be on my "To Do" list.
My brother and I went to Just Gents to get haircuts for our sister's wedding.  The customer service was great from the start as we were given a tour of the facility and offered beverages (beer, wine, soda, ect.) Karen, our stylist, was very attentive to our needs and did a great job with both our haircuts. Definitely a 5-star experience!
I had an amazing experience.  Great place with a very comfortable atmosphere.  They offer everything you'd expect a proper barber shop to have.  Karen took care of me.  She is very friendly and extremely skilled at what she does.
I went to Just Gents today because they were located near my church (a couple of stores down from St. Martha's Church) and thought that after mass I would get a quick haircut.  I must of been a good boy because I was rewarded with a wonderful experience at Just Gents.  The atmosphere was warm, welcoming and very relaxing.  I was offered bottled water upon entering because it was the typical 100 degree Florida weather outside and was introduced to my hairstylist Brook Parker Bello.  She was wonderful!  She brought me to the back and gave me the royal treatment.  Now, they have different levels of treatment, but being a walk in, I just asked for the basic haircut and didn't yet realize this was not just a typical barbershop but a spa as well; or as they refer to it as a "BarberSpa".  But, I would not consider any of their services at Just Gents basic.  Hot facial towels with their special aromatic scents, all the different shampoos and conditioners, head messages, etc...  Brook broke out all the hairstylist gamut as well, the big scissors, the small scissors, the horse brush, the straight combs, buzzers, non-buzzers, straight razors, obtuse razors ...o.k. maybe not the non-buzzers and obtuse razors, but you get the point  :D She used whatever tool she needed to get the look that I asked of her.   But, what was really terrific was the care and time that Brook takes with her clients.  This was not just an average haircut.  One could tell that Brook honestly wanted to give her client the best possible haircut that she could give.  I respect people that honestly care what they do.  You can tell who these people are by the way they perform.  I know that anyone reading this can agree that one can tell the difference between a hairstylist that really cares and one that totally doesn't.  Well I can honestly say that Brook was charged with great attention to detail and knew how to wield the tools at her command.  She took the time to make me look good (and I am not much to look at, well at least my hair prior to Brook).  She looked at your head from all angles, would not disregard even the smallest detail.  Now that's the person I want cutting my hair.   Just Gents is a first-class establishment with exemplary hairstylists.  Give Just Gents a try, pamper yourself, get a great haircut, I don't think that you are going to be disappointed.  My Stylist was Brooks Parker Bello and I would recommend that you ask for her.  Not only a fantastic hairstylist but a straight up good person.  I would not write such a lengthy Yelp if one did not deserve it.  But I felt that I owed Just Gents and especially Brook my time to write this review, since she took so much time and care for me.  I am very happy to find such an outstanding gem in the Sarasota area.   Thank you Brook!
Let me start by saying I have never written a review on here or any other forum for that matter. After my visit I felt compelled to share my experience. From the moment you walk in to just gents you will receive great costumer service. Karen was my stylist and she did an amazing job! I have very fine hair and it's tough to find a good stylist that cuts it exactly how I want. She not only met my expectations but she far exceeded them. her attention to detail is impeccable. She won't let you leave the chair until she feels it is perfect. She is also very sweet and easy to talk to. I'm happy that I've finally found a go to hair salon/barber shop!! I highly recommend!!!
