I've been coming here since I was a git. My mom discovered this place a loooooooooong time ago and we've never stopped coming here. Anything you can think of: scarves, shoes, clothes, watches, sunglasses, hair accessories, house decoration, workout gear, handbags....well, you get the point, they have it! You do have to pay for parking there which isn't great since you're there to shop already (it's $5) but other than that, with all the goodies you can get, it's worth the trip and the parking fee. if you one time and find a certain store that you fall in love with, unless it booms with business, you might not see it again. This place has people move in and out and with the years, a lot of my favorite places has ceased to exist so lesson we learn here is: if you see it, you like it, you buy it. End of story.
Wanted to update because I was able to go back and check every floor and every store. A big huge thanks to Jen R. for telling me about this wonderful place. Depending on what you are looking for it is either great or not so great! The first and second floor are filled with clothing stores, jewelry stores, handbags, etc.... The third floor is a bust, there really is nothing there other than a few office spaces, so don't bother going to the third level. The best part of shopping here is look first before buying because you might find the same exact thing less expensive in another store. Good place to shop if you have time and patience to really shop around.
This seems to be the precursor to all discounted things in Miami-Dade before the outlet Dolphin Mall was made. And it's still going on - and still going strong. But really, this Miami Mart is a wholesale mall to cater to the needs of the exporters, importers and retail buyers that make their regular stop in Miami. But while I was visiting a friend of mine at the Sheraton which is connected to Miami Mart, I got a chance to look around this 3-level mall that had some goods the stores were willing to sell to individual buyers. There were incense candles, dishes, chimes, clothing for men, women, babies and children, shoes and jewelry. There were also Brazilian shoes, sandals and jeans. And plenty of things for your home too. Miami Mart offers a lot and you would have to navigate the Mart as if it was a maze. You'll see a lot of vacant stores too, despite there being at least 300 stores (that's what the website says) on site. It just means there's plenty of room for showrooms to be set up - plenty of room to expand the trade with Miami and the rest of the world. Plus, did you think Bijoux was cheap? Well there's a Bijoux outlet store here. Hungry? Au Pain or Starbucks is here, or you could go to the trendier digs inside the Sheraton. For sure, many of the stores here, you probably won't recognize their names. They're much off-the-wall names much like many of the stores you see at Dolphin Mall. Valerux Inc. offered hammocks from Nigeria, beautiful clay dolls of latin women, chimes, incense candle holders, scented oils, supplies for applying Feng Shui and some other really neat (even holistic) things. Wallis-Baer Company is a wholesale store, and much of the things I was attracted to here, I hope someone would buy them (in bulk since that's how it works with wholesale stores), and put it up in their stores and I would be a loyal shopper! I love the dishes here and the spice racks. And some Oneida pans. I was told one of their biggest client was Brandsmart, so I'm definitely needing to visit it to see some of the things that caught my eye. S&B Sales is a men's clothing store that offers trendy clothing and some (I'll admit) cheap stuff. You'll pay more for the nicer things or the flashier things (take your pick), but there were some good deals here to be had! You can't go wrong in any of the clothing stores I've seen in the Mart - they all are willing to sell to individual customers - and there's a WHOLE LOT of clothing stores to explore, especially for the women out there! There's Calvin Klein, Perry Ellis, BCBG and other popular lines to be had. The Mart is is like an upscale Ross or Marshall's - the prices are higher, but low for such trendy goods that exists within the Mart. You can get the latest fashion. Entry and admission is free unless if you wanted something VIP. Don't ask me how that works - I'm not in that group! PROS: Clothing and jewelry are the most common things in the Miami Mart.
Because I do a lot of business with this hotel, we used to have access to the Merchandise mart before it was open to the general public, it is probably the same bargain now, but it felt a little better when the entrance was limited to businesses. We make our yearly pilgrimage to this place around this time of the year to stock up on Christmas present for the family. Don't forget to haggle the prices a little bit - it doesn't always work, but it is worth the try.
I still love this place, but the parking rate has changed. There is no longer a reimbursement of $2.00 with a receipt, therefore the parking is a flat $5.00. Not too bad. Some of the stores will refund you $5.00 for parking, depending on the amount you spend. Make sure to ask at the stores to see if any will offer you this. Also, the parking attendants now accept credit cards, so no more worrying about having the $5.00 in cash before you get there!
I have been coming to "The Mart" since it was called the Radisson Mart. I have loved this spot since my first visit. If you are looking for inexpensive jewelry then this is the place! I have come here for special occasion jewelry that I dont want to spend a fortune on. I have also come here with brides-to-be so they can buy bridesmaids gifts. Downstairs is great for jewelry and beads for the bracelet makers. The second floor is great for sunglasses, handbags, and perfumes. I dont usually visit the third floor but the times I have are to visit custom stores. Not a lot on the third floor. They also have some shops lending to the entrance of the mart and those are great. They have some cheap pashminas and I have gotten some nice indian designed pillows and jewelry. You need to visit this place!!!
I really like this place! Not because i have ever been but I can drop Jenny off (it's near our home) and she can an enjoy shopping for a couple hours      From what I understand, there are three floors of all kinds of shops with rock bottom prices      I don't try to understand why women love shopping so much but if the one I'm with is going to do it, I understand that I want her to save money Bonus - it's in a Doubletree so I usually get a couple cookies for being such an awesome Lover
"the mart" is kind of a hidden gem in miami.. those who know, know. its basically a mall inside the lobby of a hotel /convention center. used to be a radisson, then a sheraton, now i believe a doubletree. this "mall" used to require your name on the list and photo id just to get in. but good news, i just went yesterday and walked right in, no questions asked. the first floor has mostly jewelry and home accents. second floor is all womens- jewelry, sunglasses, clothes, you name it.  the third floor is mens and misc. you would not believe the prices in here, you can get designer watches and sunglasses for about 50% off the retail prices.ive bought a michelle watch and prada sunglasses for rock bottom prices. you can also get fashion jewelry for as low as 2 bucks. yesterday i got some pearl earrings, a ring and a bracelet and spent under $25. most shop owners will even let you negotiate and give great discounts if buying in bulk. some stores only sell wholesale to business owners who show proof with a tax id # but most are willing to make a sale, period. the parking is now $5, but you get $2 back when you leave if you get your ticket validated.
It's like something I've never seen before. A bunch of stores (most junk stores) located in the first two floors of the hotel. Odd yet interesting. They mostly have wholesale prices of accessories for businesses but also sell to the public.
"The Mart" has been around well forever. Although it's gone through it's share of changes, it is still Miami's hidden gem. I'm sure you'll be walking out with a bag or two. :D
You can find some great deals here if you are looking for woman's accessories and trendy clothing. There's a nice selection of showrooms that sell accessories and handbags at cheap prices and if you go to the 2nd floor, you will find the showrooms that sell clothing- there you can find evening gowns (there's one showroom that i swear i loved every single dress i saw-if i remember correctly it was the 1st showroom in the clothing hall) and trendy clubby clothing and jeans. Don't bother with the 3rd floor- like in the other reviews- there's nothing there. Also, I asked if there were open on Saturdays and they said they are. Definitely stop by there if you are looking for good deals.
More than half of the shops were closed when I went (on a Saturday afternoon). And for the most part, it seems like an indoor flea market. Mostly no-name 'crap'. I left without buying one item but I might visit again. - you never know.
The mart is attached to the Double Tree hotel. The interesting thing are hours of operation are 10:00-6:00. Explain why a retail store would have those hours with 100's of captive customers on property looking for something to do in the evening????
After all the stories I heard about all the amazing things you find here I was disappointed. Sure, I left with a couple of different bracelets much which were repeated. Most stores make you buy by the lot to get it at a certain price. The third floor is dead. In the second floor there was the one decent store called bohemian chic or the such which I bought two nice beaded bracelets from at $18 a piece for hematite with a sterling silver charm. First floor was the majority of the business but I wasn't to crazy about it. I don't like being stalked as I have to really look through the things because there is just so much to look at. Go with time and with patient friends. Good luck! Oh, and parking isn't free so bring cash. Think it was about $5-8 which no store offered to validate as other reviews mention.
