I love this boutique! Each week Loretta, the owner, gets in great shipments of the latest trends and styles in fashion. What I especially love about it, is that she posts her latest shipments on Facebook and Instagram so you know exactly what has come in without having to make the drive out to the boutique. Besides having great clothes (I absolutely love the tops and dresses she gets in), everyone there is extremely helpful and go out of their way to try and help you find the perfect outfit for whatever occasion you may have. Whenever I'm looking for a new outfit or want to find the latest fashion trend, this is my go-to spot!
I was in the neighborhood and since I had to kill sometime, I decided to pay this boutique a visit. I had read the previous reviews and wanted to find those candles Michelle had mentioned. I was greeted by the owner, she is so nice and attentive. I was able to browse through her store which is so neatly organized and decorated, I totally loved. She has a lot of cute outfits, dresses and skirts. Some I had seen before, but others were quite unique. I ended up leaving the store with a long dress which was 50% off and a soy candle for $15.00. She told me she has sales almost every week and its constantly receiving new merchandise. I will pay this boutique another visit soon!
Been way to long since my last visit.  Was in the area today and thought I would stop in. Loretta, the owner greeted me as soon as I walked in.  She had some really cute items. Really cute selection of headbands with massive amounts of bling on them. Great looking blouses, t-shirts, jeans, shorts and dresses.  The store is clean, well organized and a good selection of clothing, just wish there was maybe more inventory.  I understand inventory cost money though.  I was very fortunate to have found three dresses, that just had to have.  There was two more I was very interested in but none available in my size.....boo! So happy with my purchase and she still had those wonderful candles that I adore, so grabbed one as well. Loretta is an absolute doll, gives amazing service to each and every customer, she is bubbly, cute, young, and has a great eye for fashion. Now, she knows how to operate a great business. Promise, to see you much sooner than later.....
Like other Yelpers, I was lured in by their Facebook page.  I knew they were on Bird Road so I had an idea of what to expect.  One thing I wasn't prepared for was the lack of customer service. No "Hello... no "Thank you for your purchase"... nothing.  So expect to be completely ignored.  The 2 girls seemed like they were more interested on what was going on online than in their store. The store is really really small so  a simple acknowledgement would have been nice.   I ended up purchasing 2 clearly over priced warehouse district outfits (about $15-25 over priced), but I had an event the next day and needed something cute to wear in a hurry.  Don't expect a huge selection.  The outfits you see on their Facebook are exactly what they have in the store.  They bring in a few pieces of each and that's it.  So check out their Facebook page before taking a drive over there.
I won a gift certificate here in a raffle and showed up not really knowing what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised to walk into a small boutique with a few racks simply laid out to browse. My excitement slowly faded as I perused the selections, not finding my size in anything that I liked. The lady working in the store (not the owner) was very helpful as I anxiously tried to find at least one item that would fit my fancy, but at the end came out unsuccessful. She let me know that there would be a new shipment coming in on Friday and so to come back! I made sure I got there Friday afternoon and was happy to find that I liked some of the new stuff that they got in! I ended up with a fun, hot pink dress. The nice lady from before was there again and right when I walked in pulled the dress out for me saying that she had thought of me when they got it in! They have a Facebook page where they post pictures of all the new stuff that they get in and people immediately jump to reserve sizes. So moral of the story is that you have be on them right when they get new stuff in, but it's definitely worth the price and quality of the garment. And you know there will be very few duplicates floating around.
Went on a day that I was exploring bird road shops. Stopped in, cute decor, snooby staff typical! I just dont understand why boutiques have snooby unhelpful staff? Hello you work at a freakin store!!!!! you dont have a 6 figure job, help the dam customers get down to the grounded level!!!! I was lured into this boutique from their facebook page. I came in, didnt recognize any of their inventory from the facebook page ( that I checked 2 hours earlier) Over the facebook clothes look much more appealing than in person. Just saying... Don't think I'll be back many better options in Miami, our relasionship is over.... More like a one night stand... lol
Great little boutique on Bird Road! The store owner, Loretta, is very attentive and is always willing to help you find a cute outfit. This is a typical boutique, where sizes are limited (2 smalls, 2 mediums, etc) BUT they are always getting new shipment which is full of fabulous and trendy clothes (dresses, skirts, tops, jeans, and accessories). The store is very organized and neat. The clothes are color coordinated on the racks (which I love). The prices on the pieces of clothes our average AND BY NO MEANS is the material of the clothes cheap looking like Forever 21. Loretta posts pictures of her new shipment on their facebook page. So, if you want to see whats in before driving over there you can definitely check it out. The plus...you can call her and tell her to hold your size in something that you liked. I love this boutique! I find a lot of my outfits here :)
Great little place! I had liked them on FB but never been to the store. They posted a pic of a blazer I had to have. I called and spoke to Loretta who was so nice - she put one of their 2 smalls (gotta love boutiques!) on hold for me until I could stop by after work. I went to pick up my fabulous blazer (which was even cuter in person) and fell in love! The store has tons of cute trendy pieces at very reasonable prices. They carry tons of accessories like bracelets and clutches, also priced well. Also, the quality of their items is very good - not the cheap "trapos" (rags!) you tend to find at most places. The owner (did not get her name, blonde girl, maybe that's Loretta) was super sweet and helpful. I am a fan and definitely plan to become a regular.
This is my first review on Yelp and I had to give it to The Closet Boutique.  The store is very nicely decorated with a table full of purses and belts in the center and serveral racks around the walls full of amazing outfits with even better prices.  Lorretta is the owner of the store and she always makes sure to greet you and if you shop there often (I'm going every week at  this rate) she establishes a friendly relationship with you and makes your shopping experience all the more pleasurable. You can come out with a weekend outfit from head to toe for easily less than $100.  A plus is that if you have a facebook, she regularly posts images of her new merchandise that way you can look at what's new before even having to make the trip out.  She carries all sizes of her clothes but only in limited quantities of each size which is great because you know that you aren't going to see a million other girls out there with your outfit (used to happen to me when I would shop at malls, but no more!!). Overall the place is amazing, easy to find and very nicely decorated.  I love that I see her clothes as soon as it comes in and I can immediately know what I want going in there.  It's become a staple in my weekend to visit her store and I always leave very happy!
Great CLothes! Good prices... and the best part is if you like their page on facebook you can see their weekly shipments online.  They have new shipments as many as twice a week!!  love their clothes and very friendly staff!!!!
Your typical Miami store. All their merchandise comes from the wholesale district - nothing special. And the employees are extremely snooty.
The Closet Boutique sells women's clothing, apparel and accessories under $100. Besides being affordable, I like the fact that the shop stocks indie local labels for tees, swimwear, baubles, dresses and head gear. Of course, there's a few cheap n chic styles you might spot at another boutique, but for the most part the owner Loretta has some real cool stuff. I fell in love with her oversized rings ($8) and her necklaces featuring pearl cross pendants ($65). I eyed a table brimming with clutches each looking rather expensive, but low and behold, the shopping gods were on my side as  they were ($30 each). I couldn't believe it. I wanted to take them all with me, but I chose a studded one which came with a chain that could be tucked inside or worn as a shoulder purse. The owner really is sweet, not pushy and lets you do your thing without feeling neglected that you have to buy something.
ugh - this shopping strip is gross i hate that i have to ring a doorbell to get into the stores when i finally get in, the employee doesnt say hello or welcome- nothing! what is with the horrible customer service in miami?!?! the quality of the clothes was as good as forever21 i wont pay $50 for a short cotton dress that i could get at forever21 for $15 on top of that, the people at forever21 are actually friendly i assume these rude business stay open on repeat business, but arent all repeat customers at some point new customers???
Absolutely LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this store. Very clean, well organized, great clothes, racks are always full & most of all FABULOUS PRICES!! They have everything from sleepwear, lingerie, make up, accessories, candles, shoes, handbags, hair accessories.... this is definitely a one stop shop! Not really sure what these other Yelpers had to say about the staff but on every visit there I am greeted, helped, and always have a pleasant experience. I always feel like they are there to help and love if I need advice they honestly tell me what they think or even help me add accessories to make the outfit absolutely FAB! They always seem to care and you can tell they LOVE what they do. Love the Facebook page and the wonderful option to have them hold the item you want! All in all awesome place to shop in! Make sure to add them on FB and stop by ASAP I guarantee you'll have a great experience :)
i am on this every week.Fashion Fashion  Fashion and Closet Boutique has the best in latest trends and current fashions.Their prices are great and they always respond when asked a question on facebook..Keep it up Girls!
The clothes are cute and affordable. Great selection and I love that they feature their new shipments on their Facebook page. The staff are very attentive and helpful with recommendations. I shop here on a regular basis and recommend to all of my friends. Be sure to ask for Amanda, she's awesome!
