I'm updating this review not because I had a bad or good experience, but because this review will be more well rounded. I have loved Delaware park since moving to Buffalo 3 years ago, it is still a great place to go out and hang around with your friends, but in addition to that, now that I have a dog and have taken him many places around the city for walks, Delaware park is my favorite.   The park is so huge and sprawling that you have so many places to hang around, people watch, and in my case, walk my dog.  He loves it because he can run and chase squirrels.  I love it for him because the park is so big that we can avoid other dogs. Still 5 stars.  Still a great place to go, and if you're a dog owner its my favorite spot to walk four legged friends.
My friend Del never had much of a clue about anything, so I decided to educate him. You could say that I made Del Aware. In fact, I made him so aware that they even named a park after the whole thing. Delaware Park is a beautiful emerald paradise in the middle of hell. Okay, it's hardly paradise, and Buffalo is actually lovely, not hellish - especially this lovely northern part of Buffalo. It's a wonderful and large park, complete with sexy rollerblading girls (and awkward rollerblading boys), with good looking basketball players, with okay looking soccer players, and lots and lots of boys walking cute dogs trying to use them to get girls' phone numbers. So basically it's a typical American park then. It really is a wonderful place to go and walk around, or play sports. I used to play for BSC International soccer team, whose home base was here, and it was an absolutely wonderful home base to play soccer in, good memories!
Everything has already been said about Delaware Park by other Yelpers, so i will just add a small lagniappe: When the weather is nice enough to have the windows open, i can hear the elephants trumpeting "good night" to one another. i am so lucky to live here.
Great park nestled on the outskirts of downtown Buffalo.  There are always people biking, running, golfing etc.  The park is always well maintained and clean.  Take a lunch and enjoy the day.  The surrounding area includes the Buffalo Zoo and some great local restaurants.
Delaware Park is one of six major parks that are part of the Buffalo Olmsted Parks system which is maintained by the Buffalo Olmsted Park Conservancy. Besides the major parks the Conservancy maintains several circles, parkways, green spaces and their facilities. This park as well as the other green spaces were designed by the famous Frederick Law Olmsted. The man that also designed Central Park. Delaware Park is broken into two halves by the Scajaquada expressway.  The east side of the park is referred to as Meadow Park which contains a golf course,  soccer fields, baseball diamonds, a walking circle that measures 1.89 miles around.  Besides being a major park the Buffalo Zoo is snuggled along the edge. The west side of the park, more commonly referred to as Hoyt Lake is home to a more natural terrain where a variety of animals can be witnessed throughout the year. Hoyt Lake,  originally known as Mirror Lake is the centerpiece of the park and in 2013 a 50' fountain was installed that is remminsant of one that was previously in the lake. Hoyt Lake is actually a widening of the Scajaquada Creek which flows through Forest Lawn Cemetery and out into the Niagara River. When taking a stroll around the lake please note that one full circle is approximately 1.06 miles. When enjoying this or any of the other parks please be respectful of other park goers and nature. Help keep our city green places clean!
This is a nice park to get outdoors and enjoy the scenery. There are lots of trees. You can run walk bike roller blade or otherwise propel yourself around the track as many times as you would like to get some exercise as well as people watching and enjoying nature. There is a golf course, swing set, snack bar as well as Little League Soccer and other ball games.
I ride through or run Delaware park very frequently. I love that I am able to include both parts of the park-Hoyt Lake and Delaware park-on my commute to work most mornings. The park is excellent for bikers as we can avoid busy streets that don't have bike lanes. It is always clean and available for the community to use. All in all it is an awesome park that us Buffalonians shouldn't take for granted!
Coming from NYC, this is no Central Park, but I've come to really like this park. Too bad the 198 cuts it in half--seriously who came up with that idea? F*&%ing moron... I come here all the time to picnic, watch Shakespeare in the Park, field trip with students, take short and long runs, play Frisbee, and all around just hang out. Pros: -Hoyt lake (great for short runs ~1 mile if you run the loop around it) -Maintained well (I always see people cleaning, planting, pruning etc.) -Lots of space to do different activities (running, cycling, tennis, soccer, sit around, fishing, picnicing etc.) -Lots of different sections (Hoyt lake, Japanese garden, golf course area, zoo area, big loop etc.) -Big loop (~1.5 miles-1.8, good for running bc theres lots to look at.) Cons: -Not too safe at night (I used to work overnights at the Zoo and cars used to get broken into. Hooligan kids also roam the park at night being jerks. I personally wouldn't go here at night esp. after it got dark. But this place is totally safe during the day! Definitely bring bug spray if you're prone to getting bit. You're fine if you're running but if you're still you're going to be bait!
Nice big quiet park... Great for running and golf or anything really.. Buffalo Zoo is right there too.
"What the heck! Where did this road come from?" - The turtle I saw bravely crossing the Scajaquada **************************************************­******************** Designed by the same man that designed Central Park in NYC, Delaware Park is a beautiful haven in the center of the city. After moving here from Virginia, I was delighted to find a place where you can take a blanket under a tree as well as enjoy a Shakespeare play on a summer evening. It doesn't take long to find out that this park is special. Hoyt Lake sits at the center and is surrounded by willow trees that dip their branches into the water. As I've jogged by the lake, I've seen lovers sitting by the water's edge, a father laughing as he rows his kids on the water, and plenty of others walking their dogs or just enjoying conversation. With Shakespeare Hill overlooking the lake, providing a venue for Shakespeare plays on evenings throughout the summer, this portion of the park is enough in itself to warrant five stars. I agree with the aforementioned turtle in that the only awkward thing about Delaware Park is that the 198 splits it in two with a walkway providing a connection between the two. I enjoy the convenience of the 198 when commuting to work so I can't complain too much but in a perfect world where turtles don't have to risk their lives, the park would certainly be united. The north side of the park offers tennis courts, baseball fields, basketball courts, and plenty of space for golfers to practice their approach. You could certainly make a case that the park is appropriately divided since the two sides of the park definitely have different feels, the north side being more active and the south side being more tranquil. With such a beautiful park, I just wish the summer was longer here.
Delaware Park is an institution in Buffalo NY.  While its a large park, its more or less divided into 2 by the 198. The part near the zoo has a golf course, which appears to be nice and people are often playing.  There are water fountains here and there.  There are areas you can run your dog.  You can also easily visit the zoo while at the park.  Just on the other side of Parkside Ave you have Sweetness Cafe (crepes), Fairycakes cupcakes, a pizza place and a 7-eleven. There are races in the park all the time, weekends and weeknights after works.  Its a very busy place as a result.  The loop is 1.8 miles around. There are some basketball courts on the Parkside Ave side of the park.  There are many baseball diamonds with organized games. The road around the golf course allows cars on part but not all, which is great for runners and cyclists.   You can then cross Delaware Ave and go into another part of the park with a nice path for running and a pedestrian overpass to get to the other side of the park.  This side of the park has a pond and is the "back yard" of the Albright Knox museum.  There are picnic areas here, a casino area for events (think weddings).  There are concerts here, Shakespeare in the Park, and many other events throughout the spring, summer and fall. Its a great place for a nice afternoon walk.
When I moved into my current apartment I was so excited. Sure, it's a beautiful North Buffalo home with natural woodwork. I was moving in with my fiance. But my excitement mainly stemmed from the proximity to this lovely park. Designed by Olmstead it really is a great spot. Sprawling across a small expressway and inching into two neighborhoods it is like a central park for Buffalo. The ring road is the part of the park that is "mine" and although it sounds boring it's quite nice for a walk, a short run or even a quick bike ride. Rollerbladers and dog walkers are also fans of this paved road! The zoo is close by and sometimes you can sneak a peek of buffalo or giraffes... pretty darn cool! The other side of this park has lovely Hoyt Lake and the Marcy Casino which can be rented out for events. My fiances firm had their Christmas party here and it was quite lovely. Certainly a great park for ALL your park needs!
Frederick Law Olmsted, one of the designers of New York City's Central Park, is responsible for the design of Buffalo's entire park system.  Delaware Park, at 350 acres, is the city's central park and counts the wonderful Forest Lawn Cemetery, Buffalo Zoo, the Albright-Knox Art Gallery and the Buffalo & Erie County Historical Society as intimate neighbors.  Frank Lloyd Wright's Darwin-Martin House, open for tours, is only a few blocks away. Although a small golf course and the Scajaquada Expressway have intruded on the character of the park, the park is still large enough to get a sense of Buffalo's grandeur, especially when experiencing the park at its Hoyt Lake. As Olmsted's Central Park languished for decades due to poor maintenance, Delaware Park, too, suffered.  However, as the Central Park Conservancy saved its New York City jewel, Buffalo's Olmsted Parks Conservancy was created to rescue the entire park system.  Their website, buffaloolmstedparks.org, provides good information and great hope for all of Buffalo's parks.
I love Delaware Park. You can come here to run, cycle, people-watch, relax, enjoy free plays, rent rowboats at Hoyt Lake and even peak at real live Buffalo's (due to part of the parks proximity with the Buffalo Zoo). There's a running path around a part of the park that's around 1.8 miles. I've done a 12 mile run here while training for the Buffalo Marathon and while it did get a bit monotonous after the 4th loop, it's a great place for those shorter runs. There's usually baseball games or such events going on in the summer along the path and you go around a golf course for part of the path (I haven't gotten hit with a ball yet!). This is a huge park, designed by Frederick Olmstead (who also designed NYC Central Park and Boston's Emerald Necklace). Despite living in Buffalo for over five years, I still have not explored all that this park has to offer and for that I'm grateful. I'm immensely excited to all the new things I may uncover (such as the Japanese Garden which has curiously alluded me through these years!).
Nice little park. Porta-potties are, surprisingly, clean. Seems well-maintained and on a quiet part of town. Came here when our friend dragged us to Shakespeare in the Park. I and some other people in our group ended up napping. Let me tell you, laying on a blanket on a slight angle is relaxing. Especially after a day of hard work of boating and drinking.
I've grown up going here my entire life.  Thank you Frederick Law Olmsted for doing such a great job. I don't know what I would do without this park near my house.  It is a great place to bike, run, play soccer, basketball, golf or see Buffalo (because the zoo's Buffalo cages face the outside into the park).  I have many a good memory here and train here regularly because the giant loop is awesome.  Also, during the day, this park is extremely safe so you never have to worry about anything.
With all the hustle and bustle of city life going on around it, Delaware Park doesn't let the noise of traffic and ongoing business effect the peaceful natural setting it has possessed since the late 19th century when famous landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted designed it for Buffalo. With its 365 acres there's a lot of attractions that will give a fun filled day for sports enthusiasts to theatrical spectators.Enjoy a fun game of basketball, tennis, baseball and golf, or go for a run or cycling. Getting out and active is what Delaware Park is all about, you may even meet some new friends along the way.           To those that are into theater and arts, try catching a free Shakespeare in the park performance by the local Buffalo actors that volunteer and work very hard each year to put on spectacular shows during the Summer. You can find this event on Tuesdays through Sundays from mid-June to the third week of August. All performances begin at 7:30 p.m. EST. On busy nights, it would be best to arrive at least 1/2 hour ahead of time.  (Please note that the actors rely heavily on donations after the show, please be courteous and take the time to help them out for they do not get paid to perform on stage.) Got a dog? There's plenty of folks that bring their pet to the park to get their man's/woman's best friend the exercise and fun they crave all day while their owner is at work, this can help not only keep your dog healthy, but it allows you to spend time and bond with your pooch as well as getting your own exercise in which can boost your energy considerably. The park gets frequented the most in the sports recreational areas. Near Hoyt Lake is where the peaceful part of the park allows you to relax, think, write or any other relaxing, therapeutic activity you take pleasure in. There are many trees you can lounge under in the shade to avoid the heat, or to create a romantic setting for you and your significant other to enjoy together. I could go on for quite some time about the many different things that you can experience at Delaware Park. Unless you experience it for yourself you'll be missing out on one of the best parks in New York State. See you at Hoyt Lake!
Delaware Park has so much to offer,: Hoyt Lake, TheRose Garden and being the Historical Museum you also have the secret Japanese garden all three of these things are beautiful The park that you can enjoy there's many different activities held throughout the season and even in the off season it's a nice place to walk on a crisp fall day.
My natural form of Xanax...nothing beats spending the day in the park! For the size of our city, we are very lucky to have such a beautiful park system. I love all parts of it, and can appreciate each area for the different uses/ways to enjoy. Just wish I could escape the sights and sounds of the dirty 198 sometimes...While I inhale the lovely exhaust, I try to imagine what it used to look like with brick roads connecting all the parks. Bring 'em back, please!
Moving around the block might be the single greatest thing I've ever done. It's gorgeous summer days as well as running on cool, crisp fall nights with the leaves changing....can't beat it.
You can't beat Delaware Park - Designed by Olmstead. Beware of the soccer field, which has come to be known as the "dog park" where people come to let their dogs - whether friendly or vicious - run free and wreak havoc as they please. The tennis courts always get packed - so plan accordingly.
Hands down one of the best parks I know in Buffalo New York. Especially the side right behind the art gallery. It is just a beautiful place to go. I usually like to go there and take walks, do my thinking, and also take pictures. I love that there is the lake, the rose garden, the shakespeare hill where they have the summer plays every year. Wow, what more can you ask for. It is mostly kept garbage free, and that what I love most about it. This place is like my getaway from home, and it is walking distance so it covers my exercise of the day when I decide to walk there.
I only got to take a brief walk through Central Park's sister park...and I like what I saw. Like Buffalo itself this park has room to breathe with plenty of sky to enjoy. Walked through the little rose garden and down to the lake. My friend tells me that on a weekend this park becomes a wedding photo shoot playground.
Great park for anything. Lots of trees around and a lot of tennis courts, best tennis court is the one right off the 198, the one with 8 courts inside. Be sure to take photos of the wonderful things here like Hoyt Lake :)
Beautiful community park - I feel lucky to live next door.  It is a perfect 2 mile or so walk around the circle.  I love walking by the zoo and seeing the Buffalo and sometimes the giraffes.  Love that there are always groups of people playing various sports from baseball, to frisbee, to soccer,basketball, or golf.  There are playgrounds fo rthe kids and beautiful bridges, landscaping, and summer events taking place.  I would give this a 5 star, but I hate that there is a thruway breaking up this amazing park.  It's a crime that it was built!
The best neighborhood Park in America is in the neighborhood I grew up in in Buffalo, New York...I now live in Dallas.  I grew up playing golf, tennis and Bocce Ball there and a great place to walk or jog around!
This is a great urban park. I spent many a afternoon throwing a frisbee around here. Plenty to do. Miles of running. And a zoo!
