Piquant seems like their specialty lies in their pastries. Luckily, I came during pumpkin season (my favorite season). They have pumpkin cronuts which I didn't try bc I was too scared of getting diabetes, so I opted for the pumpkin mousse tart instead. It's really light & the pumpkin flavor is quite subtle. Will I order it again? Probably not. It was still good, but I should have gone for the cronut instead. My friend and I enjoyed brunch here as well. I orders the vegetable omelet which was kind of bland. I asked for their homemade hot sauce & man, that changed everything. So good! My friend ordered the steak and eggs & it was quite large and filling. Hash browns weren't really flavorful, and kind of pricey at $4, so skip on those if you're wanting them. The staff however, is super friendly. This place seemed so fancy & the decor is so chic. All of it left me wanting more, tbh.
Such a cute and delicious place. We came in to try the croissant donuts. Raspberry all the way! Delicious and so different! We came in on a Saturday afternoon. Got sat that instant. The cappuccino is amazing. Super delicious as well. Did not try anything else but also try the Nutella croissant donut. That and the raspberry will be amazing!!! Go now!
I have really enjoyed my first two experiences at Piquant. The space they have carved out for themselves in Hyde Park Village is beautiful, contemporary without feeling pretentious, and is always abuzz with patrons. It's really cool to see a neighborhood spot so family and pedestrian friendly, with an area in the front of the house devoted to strollers as well as a bin for Hyde Park's seemingly never stolen communal umbrellas. I have tried the short rib bennedict (a must for me when trying new breakfast spots) and the chorizo goat cheese flat bread. The bennedict was perfectly cooked with warm yolk pouring over the short ribs, and the flat bread was an exciting combination of bold flavors, smoothly brought together by the creamy goat cheese. It went well with my habanero moonshine Bloody Mary. Overall, I wouldn't say that either dish is an instant favorite for me, but they were both delicious and beg me to come back to try more. Anticipating that I'll be greeted by a friendly and knowledgeable staff when I return surely solidifies a third visit in the future. I truly love the village (have since I was a kid), and it's nice to see Piquant embrace the feel and style of the area with open arms.
Visited this lovely restaurant on a short trip to see my sister in Tampa. She loves their almond croissants. Had the opportunity to have lunch and the food was great. My husband had the Cubano sandwich and he said it was one of the best he's ever had (I took a bite and completely agree)!! I had the pepperoni flatbread and my sister had the turkey sandwich. Both were very flavorful and fresh. The fresh fries and homemade chips were delicious. On a prior visit we had the Nutella cronut, which, much to mine and my husband's disappointment, was sold out when we went for lunch. The cronut is a soft, "just right on the sweetness scale" piece of heaven! Do not miss it! Wish them continued success and will definitely visit again.
If you have not visit Piquant you are missing out on an amazing place in Hyde Park. It  believe that corner finally found its match. I
My very good Yelp friend Michelle M. invited me to join her for a delightful le petitie déjeuner at Piquant in Hyde Park recently. (That would be "a little lunch" for those of who you don't parler français). Piquant is located in the heart of Hyde Park Village at the intersection of Snow and Rome Avenues, and as the name suggests this is a Parisian-inspired restaurant, bakery, and catering service. The cuisine is French artisanal, and the emphasis is on seasonal menus using top-quality ingredients. As a result, the menu is constantly evolving and reflects the flavors available at the peak of harvest. Inside the front doors, and just past the hostess stand is the large bakery display case holding freshly baked breads, cookies and pastries, as well as mousses, tarts, and several variations on the legendary cronut. Ooh la la! One whiff of this pastry case and you'll starting talking like Pepe le Pew chasing after his sweet little "Flower". Thankfully I resisted the urge to purchase any of these amazing pastry items, as I am sure the ensuing feeding frenzy would have made Shark Week look tame by comparison. Michelle, sensing my dilemma, steered me into the dining room and thrust the lunch menu into my hands. We had our choice of several delicious soups, salads, sandwiches, burgers, flatbreads, crepes, and some very manly-looking quiches. I opted for the corned beef sandwich which was house-roasted corned beef, thinly-sliced, with Emmanteler cheese, pickled fennel, and served between two slices of griddled pumpernickel rye bread. It was a very tasty sandwich, but I must warn you that it's a bit messy to eat with the dripping juices of the corned beef. The sandwich was served with a small basket of Piquant's root vegetable chips. They also have French fries as a standard side, or for an up-charge you can order a fruit salad, garden salad, or cup of soup. The restaurant is decorated quite simply with a number of tables and chairs, as well as an area with booths. The focal point in the dining room is the very impressive pastry case and bakery country which cries out to you during your meal, "Save room for me, my little buttercup! I will be with you soon!!!" If you prefer a fine dining experience, worthy of an evening on the Rive Gauche, then Voilà!, Piquant has you covered with their very elegant French menu. Perhaps you would like to start with some appetizers such as zee ham croquettes, steamed & sautéed mussels with leeks, or le bord de charcuterie? After that you might wish to enjoy some shared small plate entrées such as their cassoulet, or braised pork belly, or duck breast L'Orange? But non, ma Cherie, you have been teasing me for long enough, and I must have one of zee amazing entrées such as the sous-vide rack of lamb, the French jambon pork chop, or the pan-seared, aged filet tournedos au poivre. The dinner menu goes on and on with many more small plates, salads, and delectable entrées. But do not worry, there is also a full section of desserts worthy of your little love coo's and whimpers. Yes, Piquant is a delightful restaurant where you can gather for your morning coffee and croissants, your mid-day lunch tête à tête, or your afternoon sweets, and then return after dusk for a lovely dinner with a bottle of wine. Tremendous food, a wonderful atmosphere, and those amazing cronuts!
Sorry for the delay Joel, we were in a food coma ... this one is for you. We were greeted by a friendly server named Katy who took great care of us. If you have followed our previous reviews we are cronut snobs because we have been to Dominique Ansel 's bakery in NYC, so we were excited to try P' s version.  Piquant's raspberry crossiant donut had the texture of a donut - sweet, moist, airy along with the texture of a crossiant - layered, buttery, flaky, crispy deliousness.  Overall,  we enjoyed it! My wife had the egg white omelet with chorizo and goat cheese. The omelet was huge and over stuffed with chorizo and goat cheese,  and she said it tasted fresh and delicious. She also had the multigrain toast with homemade strawberry jam. The toast was warm out of the oven, lightly toasted and the jam was fresh and amazing. They gave her very little jam which made her eat it like a lady. Ha. I had the bacon, egg and sharp cheddar cheese croissant, hash browns, granola with fruit and yogurt.  The BEC crossiant was hot, fresh and delicious. The only downside to the crossiant was it was too buttery which made it very rich and heavy. Next time I will ask for the same thing sans the butter. The granola was homemade with fresh fruit and greek yogurt. It was one of my favs. I couldn't stop eating it, YUM!  The hashbrowns were typical...meh. Coffee was fresh and bold. Overall great way to start the day. We will definitely be back. Thanks Katy!
The atmosphere here is great. Nice place to hang out for brunch. But the cappuccino was badly done. If a well-made cappuccino is important to you, you should probably check out a different place. Maybe the barista was having a bad day. Update 10/4/14: My husband said that he had a cappuccino here recently and it was excellent - and he is more of a cappuccino connoisseur than I am. I'll have to try it again.
Visited for the first time today. Had a breakfast sandwich which was fantastic, and a cronut that was equally good. The reason why I gave this 3/5 instead of 4 was due to price. Although I thought the sandwich was reasonable at ~$8, I added arugula and tomato at $1.50 each! So $3 extra just for the two, I only noticed as it was being entered in the register. Now I know there isn't money in food, I get it, but this is clearly price gouging. I would understand .50¢ or so, but $1.50 for each is out of line. On to the cronut, flaky, soft, and done well. Much better than what Datz dough put out before they retired their cronuts, but at almost $4, it's not worth it. I'll probably be back to re-evaluate for Dinner, but my breakfast visits will be measured and not frequent unless the price structure changes.
This place is great , I took My friends that are visiting from France here today . It was good food but it is not a hundred percent French far from it but it is different and fresh for sure ! . We all tried a different meals from a ham and gruyere sandwich , salmon salad , tuna salad , veggie sandwich,and the kids the grilled cheese. We also tried the delicious Nutella cronut and the chocolate chip cookies that were delicious !!!! Great location beautiful decoration and good food !!!
Why 5 stars? Because CRONUT BURGER CRONUT BURGER CRONUT BURGER.   ---   ---   --- My second visit to Piquant fell on Father's Day, where they had a special menu just for the day of dad's. It consisted of a cronut burger, and to celebrate my non-fatherhood, I felt that I had to order it. Holy mother of Jesus. Sometimes restaurants roll out a menu item that sounds crazy and awesome on paper, but then it turns out to be a better as an idea, than a real thing. The cronut burger was both cool in theory, and AMAZING in my mouth. Apparently Piquant does not have this on their regular menu. I am telling you right now... DEMAND this to be added to their every day selection. Ask for a special order. Do whatever you have to do. Just don't be on your death bed one day, and have to stare at the ceiling wondering why you missed the opportunity to experience this greatness. It's one of the best thing I've ever eaten. And as caloric and God-awful unhealthy as it sounds, it didn't even make me feel gross afterward, or send me into a food coma. I was ready to go play tennis right afterward. (I didn't... but I was ready to.) Maybe when something is that delicious, it's exempt from the bad feelings that would normally follow? Storm the land. Demand the cronut burger.
This place is solid. The food is solid, lots of specials, the atmosphere is great and the location is fantastic. I had the duck & waffles (yes, duck) and it was ace. Not really that large of portions, but it is a decent amount. Some of the other dishes were more sizable. Also, the pastries are amazing. The croissant doughnuts are quite good too (split one with a friend). This is a place worth a trip for brunch.
First time since the remodel. Love the new decor and seating. Food was delicious and service was decent. Had a cappuccino and egg with French toast and ham thing which was delicious. Side of fruit was $5. Little pricy for three blackberries and a raspberry. Definitely to expensive to be a regular here.
The cronut was a delicious abomination. The drip coffee was whatever. I'll have to try more things, and I'm certain I would enjoy them.
Buddy brew coffee and the only restaurant I have found to date that serves almond milk. Try the Cronut just because.
Piquant has found the recipe for success in a location that has somewhat struggled to keep its high profile and high traffic counts of years past. Hyde Park Village has gone from a fully leased and always crowded to not-quite-so-full and not-always-so-busy shopping, dining and movie-watching destination but its central location, ample parking and pleasant, stroll-able surroundings are always a plus. But Piquant has proved that when the right people with the right talent take over a restaurant space - even one not facing a busy street or at a well trafficked intersection -they can make it work. I knew dinner was a recent addition to the previously established breakfast, lunch and brunch service but evening repasts are limited to Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays, with seating indoors and outdoors. The menu was more extensive than expected with a nice range of portions that make this an ideal place for a light bite, shared plates or a multi-course meal. The drink list also has a nice variety of adult beverages. The night I dined, there were two specialty cocktails and two wines that were featured for just $5. I thought the dinner decision-making was tough enough as I read and re-read the menu. Then it was time to have the server recite the night's specials. There was a pasta dish with truffle oil and an entree featuring ostrich, which the server raved about and another items I can't quite recall. I had to re-think and re-evaluate. A fan of duck who has had more than her fair share of duck-not-done-quite-right dishes, I eagerly ordered the Duck Confit and Grains salad. This is no dainty dish. A large piece of perfectly cooked duck sat atop a mound of two types of kale, wild arugula, pickled radish, tomato plus lentils and garbanzo beans. Devine, delicious and devoured. Crisp service, tasty breads, fabulous food. Can't wait to go back but can't say I will be able to resist ordering that same dish, again and again and again.
I visited Piquant a few months back on a work trip and I can't get there Croissant donut out of my head. Not sure if it was the delicate balance of cinnamon sugar that did it or the crispy yet fluffy texture of the dough that sent me into a foodgasm but it happened and I liked it. This place is definitely worth the pit stop if you are anywhere near the Tampa Bay Area.
Piquant is a quaint French restaurant and bakery serving all types of food and dessert/bakery options. The best time to go is during brunch - highly recommend the power sandwich (egg whites, arugula, cheese and turkey bacon - yes yes and yes)! Of course do not leave without getting a croissant donut! They have an assortment of flavors including vanilla, Nutella, cinnamon and many others! Of course they have a coffee bar and  serve buddy brew - what more would you want? Definitely a go to spot for Tampa!
How is it possible that I hadn't been to Piquant until recently!? Honestly, I thought it was a bakery and I wasn't too interested.  Only until I realized that it was a full service restaurant was I inclined to try Piquant.  I came in for brunch with my husband and friend (Sarah B.) and had a delicious brunch! We ordered a Chorizo Flatbread to start.  The chorizo was so fresh and spicy, it was unlike any chorizo I'd ever had.  I also got a Peach Bellini, which hit the spot.  For my meal I had French Onion Soup with a Scallop Salad.  For dessert we had a Cronut. Okay - so that last paragraph makes me sound DISGUSTING.  But honestly, I wanted to try so many things on the menu that I went a bit crazy.  This was an expensive brunch, but it was worth every penny as every bite I took was a party in my mouth. I shall return for dinner.  Oh, and they have French cooking classes!  Dream come true!
Cronut cronut cronut!!! Repeat after me...."Must go to Piquant, must try cronut!" They are delicious! I bought one for my boyfriend and one for myself and we both enjoyed it! They run out early though, which is a huge disappointment.
I can't speak to the food here, but the pastries and tea is pretty good. I got the mint julep tea iced and a mango caramel mousse. The mousse was a little sweeter than I was hoping it to be but the mint julep was pretty good. Giving it 4 stars because this place used to be called something else and back then you were able to grab coffee and a pastry and seat yourself, but now it's more of a restaurant than a cafe.
Not often am I left speechless. In fact, I'm struggling to find the words to express how impressed I am with Stacy (manager) and her team at Piquant. The cuisine under Chef Rivera's command is approachable while gourmet with an emphasis on fresh, seasonal and local. Obvious attention to detail is applied equally to every dinner course from appetizer to dessert. If you are lucky enough to experience their recommended wine pairings, you will not be disappointed. This was our very first time at Piquant and I cannot remember a recent experience that afforded us the opportunity to experience local cuisine, expertly prepared with outstanding table side manner.
My friends and I visited Piquant for brunch while the Sunday morning market was going on. Surprising there was a minimal wait even with everything that was going on in the village that day. **Please note: They do not take reservations on Saturday or Sunday. We started with passion fruit Bellini's, the Le Captain cocktail and the chorizo and goat cheese flatbread. The Bellini's had a nice sore taste at the end and the chorizo flatbread was melt in your mouth delicious! The Le Captain cocktail was my favorite, watermelon and jalapeno lemonade with light rum.... YUM! For my meal I choose the French Cuban sandwich. The sandwich had delicious, soft garlic bread and was stacked high with roast pork and black forest ham. I opted for a side salad with their homemade avocado vinaigrette. For dessert we split a Nutella Cronut... WOW... I was shocked that even though when you pick up the cronut it feels heavy and desene once you take a bite it was light and fluffy. Our whole experience was amazing and I can't wait to go back!
I heard a lot about this restaurant on Yelp here, and wanted to check it out. Me and my partner Jose went for lunch and had a great experience! The menu is a little confusing with the French/English names of some menu items, and it makes it hard to decide what to order.. But with the help of our server, Jose ended up ordering the Chorizo flatbread ($12) and I had the Roasted Butternut Squash Salad ($12). Now, Jose is a very picky eater but he ordered it just how it shows on the menu and loved it! He ate every bite! Also, the Roasted Butternut Squash Salad was the bomb! Just the right flavor, and I really enjoyed the dried cranberries mixed in! Pair these two with a classic mimosa ($8), and we were in heaven! Not to mention, the bartender accidentally made 4 instead of 2! (free mimosas and never a bad thing) We finished meal with a Guava Croissant Doughnut and a Cinnamon-Sugar Croissant Doughnut. The Cinnamon-Sugar was okay, but the Guava was amazing! We ended up taking some home to share! All in all, a wonderful experience at a great price! The atmosphere was great, the waitstaff was very friendly and attentive, and the location is very cute! Definitely going back to try the dinner, and get more Croissant doughnuts!
I dont what the rest of the food taste like, but the cronughts are amazing. They only have a few flavors however. The stuffed ones are 4.50 each which is kind of pricey for a regular size doughnut. The others are around 3.95. The others desserts looked good as well. But also, very small. I hope they come out with more flavors of the cronughts though. I bought the vanilla one which is awesome and a sugar one. Fyi, parking is a pain in the butt here. We couldn't find any. The only parking around that I could see was down the road on the side....
We had breakfast here a couple of weeks ago and it is my new favorite breakfast spot!  Very reasonably priced and delicious!!  I had the Quiche and an Almond Milk Latte and my boyfriend had the Chorizo & Goat cheese omlet with an espresso.  This place is excellent!  Definitely don't leave without trying one of their Croissant Donuts, fantastic!  I can't wait for our next breakfast outing to Piquant!
I travel a lot for work, both nationally and internationally, that being said I eat out a lot.  What will bring me back time and time again is a good/great product but just as, if not more important is customer service.  In my opinion, this is where Piquant excels, especially with the server I had, Amanda. I've been here a total of three times during my two week stay and it was Amanda's exceptional customer service that keeps bringing me back.  Don't get me wrong, the food is good, especially the Salmon Benedict, the ambiance is nice (lively, with good energy), but in my opinion superior customer service is what keeps me returning.   So rather your a local who has yet to visit, or a traveler passing through, give Piquant a try, come ready to enjoy some good food, and great service.  If you want to be sure you get exceptional service, ask to be seated in Amanda's section. Hope this helps!
Service and atmosphere was great.   Food overall was great.   Did not serve wine/alcohol outside,  so that was a drawback,  but it was such a nice night outside we say out there anyway :)
Bread-Delicious Wine-Were out of a couple of wines I wanted, but settled on a nice Cab Mac N Cheese-Maybe the best I've ever had Fries (comes with the Mac)-Very good also Steak-I thought it was just okay and wouldn't recommend Overall for the price I thought it was good.
I love Piquant! Every time I've been here, the food and service has been absolutely fantastic! The waitstaff is always quick and friendly, knowledgable about the menu, and drinks never go empty. I get my usual- the goat cheese omelette (no cilantro) and it is divine! Oh, and you must get a side of bacon! I don't know what kind of voodoo they are putting on the bacon but it is the best bacon I've ever had. I didn't even know there were levels of bacon awesomeness. But there are. And Piquant is at the top. The husband always orders the wagyu burger and truffle fries, which are also totally drool worthy. The burger is crazy juicy and the fries are crisped to perfecting without being greasy. As usual, we finish our meal with a raspberry cronut and an almond croissant to go (an absolute must. The best pastry ever.). If you haven't tried Piquant, what are you waiting for?! It's awesome!
I came back to Piquant yesterday to check it out again since I have been really craving that goat cheese and chorizo omelet of theirs! We arrived in the afternoon and sat down towards the back of the restaurant. I liked this part since we were close to the bar which I had no idea existed here. The bar is pretty cool looking! I started with the banana tea and was really surprised at how good it was. I have never had banana tea but it was really great and came out quickly. My boyfriend got a latte which he said was good. I tried it but didn't like it, but I don't like coffee that much anyway so no love lost there. I ordered the chorizo and goat cheese omelet again and got a side of sausage as well. The omelet was great, definitely one of the best omelets I've had in Tampa. The sausage was incredible and definitely takes the cake for best sausage I've had since I moved here. I'm not sure what it was about it but it was REALLY good. Like super out of the ordinary good. My boyfriend got the meat lovers omelet which he enjoyed, but I think he liked my goat cheese omelet better. We got a side of bacon too, which was good, but I think the sausage was a much better side choice. We were also able to sample the Mexican chocolate crepes, which were rich and decadent. Definitely a sweet and tasty treat. Another thing I noticed that seems new since the last time I came here was the addition of different types of cookies and the baker working at the front also had an adorable Frozen cake with Olaf on it! There were also cute cookies with prints and designs on them. I have yet to try a ton of stuff from the bakery but the Cronut I snagged a few months ago was awesome. I recently saw some cronuts with frosting on them which looked crazy delicious. The service seemed better this time around. I noticed things moved faster not just with our table, but with the tables around ours as well. Our server was super friendly and was more than willing to answer any questions we had about the menu and gave great suggestions. Overall I would give Piquant 4.5 stars, but for the sake of Yelp reviews I'm going to round up. Reasonably priced for brunch and that goat cheese omelet will probably keep me coming back for more. Definitely a type of restaurant sorely lacking in Tampa, so I'm glad Piquant is here now!
Went here with my fam for brunch on Sunday, so I was able to dabble in a healthy dose of their menu. Let's keep it simple and just talk food highlights: Cronut - tried guava, cinnamon, and nutella. They each had good flavor but were served cold. The server told us heating it up would distort the consistency but after consulting with others that have tried it they assured me that heating it up is the way to go. So that'll be the true test next time. Smoked Salmon & Short Rib Benedict - Both very tasty. Served on a dense biscuit instead of an english muffin. Chicken Salad Sandwich - Served on a delicious and fluffy croissant. Consistency was perfect and the portion was very large. This will leave you wanting to come back and get it again. Asiago & Duck Confit Flatbread - The asiago was more of a traditional style flatbread and actually delivered a better overall bite. Flatbreads were good but not stellar. Great food and plenty of options to keep me coming back.
If you peruse my reviews, you will see that I am pretty easy to please. So if I write a negative review, please know it is well deserved. I was at Piquant with a large party of people, and I understand that it takes time to deal with large groups. However, this was just plain ridiculous. I got my food 60 minutes after ordering it. All the while, I watched tables of people who arrived after us get food before us. When the food finally came out, it was in a piecemeal fashion and a mess. It literally took them 15-20 minutes to pass out the plates. So we had people finishing food as the last few plates were set down. While the wait for the food was insane, I still didn't despair. I thought maybe they were crafting masterpiece dishes back there and that's why it took so long. But no. My challah croque madame was lukewarm, and taste-wise was mediocre at best. In fact, no one at my table felt the hour wait was worth it for the low caliber food. But the icing on the cake? Even if the wait wasn't long and the food was amazing, I still don't think I would have ever returned. Our waitress was just plain rude. With an ever present stank look upon her face, she exchanged no pleasantries and was curt while we were nothing but friendly to start. On top of that, she would disappear for extended periods of time. Every time I wanted a coffee or water refill, I had to flag her down because was wasn't cognizant of anyone's needs at the table. With one of the checks, she didn't give my friend change back. When my friend requested her coins, the waitress said she didn't "deal with coins." Another waiter offered to give my friend the change, and our waitress said "I guess if you want to." Even if it was just some change, her complete apathy and rude demeanor towards the situation was appalling. When all is said and done, I appreciate the manager trying to appease us by taking a small percentage off some of the bills. But it was too little too late. That waitress ruined was supposed to be a fun post run brunch, and added to it, the wait was far too long, and the food was gross. I will never, ever go back.
I live down the street and have been here quite a few times.  The Wagyu Burger is awesome and the Duck Confit Flatbread is also pretty darn good.  Ask the waitress for the truffle fries, it blows the regular fries away.  My wife had the salad and was pleased with the freshness of the greens.  When my parents were in town they had the Adult Grilled cheese and spoke highly of the sandwich. I'll be a regular for sure...
I loved this french cafe! It has amazing breakfast/brunch... also great options for the health conscious people (gf, paleo too)... they have great options for all. The portions are on the smaller size, but perfect for me. mid range pricing.
Great food great atmosphere. I have to give it 4 and not 5 because service was on the slow side. I've only been once so I don't know if it's always like that. :)
The food and atmosphere was fantastic. I had the Brie, tomato jam, and arugula sandwich with a side of truffle fries. Everything was as delicious as I'd hoped. My guy had an omelet of which he left none behind. On our way out we snagged some cookies - the white choc/macadamia was exceptional. Who knew you could throw coconut flakes in it. I'll be eating here again soon. If brunch was this good, I have high expectations for dinner and I am sure they will be met.
We went here for my birthday lunch. The espresso was amazing! The smooth chocolaty taste of the strong and fragrant coffee was enough to make we wish I had ordered myself two rather than just the one. The lentil soup was spot on! I particularly enjoyed the smoky flavor of the bacon. FYI, bacon is how a pig says "I Love You." I had the flat bread with duck confit. I was looking forward to the duck confit because I hadn't had truly good duck confit sense culinary school. Now I see the duck confit I had in culinary school was poo-poo compared to what I had here. I LOVED the food. The atmosphere was almost enough to make me wish I was a hipster so I could live out a "too cool for ordinary food" snobby attitude fantasy...except for the wall paper. I did not enjoy the wall paper. The clear chairs gave the place a playful and modern feel. I fell in love when saw the pastry display case. As a pastry chef it warmed my heart to see traditional pastry formations alongside new and inventive presentations. To bravo Piquant...I shall visit you once again!
Piquant is a really charming bakery/eat in dining spot, nestled right in Hyde Park Village. Granted I didn't sit down and order from the menu, though I did ogle at their bakery case for a good ten minutes. It was so hard to decide, everything looked so great. I ended up going with a chocolate almond croissant and a thumbprint cookie. The cookie was so unnecessary, but, crumbly, buttery and delish. I only could eat about a quarter of the croissant, it was so rich! Will probably just go with a regular chocolate croissant next time though, I found the almond to be a tad overwhelming. I plan to go back to try their eat-in menu! I'm sure it's a great brunch spot, the place oozes charm and personality.
Piquant, is, a pleasure. I came on an early evening to see a dear friend of mine that I haven't seen in some time and I'm glad I chose this location. Finding parking was easier than I initially thought, as you proceed down the road and see that there is a large parking lot available. Outdoors, it is a beautiful little restaraunt with outdoor seating. Once entering, you remain in awe, it is very chic and the decoration pulls you in. Piquant is a French based bakery mastering in all sweets and delicatessens that look amazing and to die for. I, arrived for dinner and opted to sit at that very cool looking booth seating. Our waitress accommodated us very well and was very attentive. I read earlier reviews and saw that it was fairly new for them to incorporate wine and beer, and that there were some hiccups at first. I confirm that it was done quite well on my trip there. All the beers they had were in stock and tasted quite well. I was always happy to see that the pricing wasn't too bad. Now, on to the menu. I was a little shocked to see how expensive most of the menu was. I didn't expect that because I initially thought they were moderately priced throughout. When you read the menu, it sort of seems like you are forced to try the more expensive meals if you are a bigger eater because the smaller plates as read on the menu make you believe they are just that, small and sharing. I ended up trying something off the petite plates and to my surprise, it wasn't so petite and was perfect for me. All in all, Piquant wow'd me, scared me, and overall pleased me okay. I would love to come back and try some of their sweets as it seems as though that is what they specialize in. I absolutely loved how they did everything though. I couldn't complain about the service, the preparation of the food, the decoration, anything. I definitely recommend Piquant and would love to come back as many times as possible myself.
I've been twice now, and I'll definitely go back! The food overall is really tasty. The pastries and coffee are especially remarkable. This is what pushes my review to four stars rather than 3. I love the mini tart with chocolate mousse and raspberries. The service seems to be a little hit or miss, but it's not a big deal.
It's located in hyde park, stopped in for breakfast. Cute place! Waitress is sweet and went through the menu as soon as we were seated. Started with some coffee and a cronut (croissant donut) just because it sounded interesting, the only one they had left was the guava flavored one, it was pretty good. These pastries sell out fast, so if this is what your here for you may have to wait. For breakfast we ordered the goat cheese, chorizo omelet, and the challah croque Madame, both are fantastic choices!! Both are delicious, great price for a decent amount of food. Sides are al la cart, we got the potatoes and fruit (berries and kiwi). Service is on the slow side but that didn't bother us too much, give you some time to enjoy the coffee and the company. I would recommend to get a pastry to start off if your hungry! Since that comes out right away.   We would definitely return in the near future.
I am absolutely in love with this place!  From the smartly dressed waiters who know how to serve properly to the excellent food and presentation this has got to be one of the best and unique restaurants I have found in the area.  My life would be complete if they just opened up a sister restaurant in St. Pete Beach!
One of the best meals ever.  Everything was amazing from the Duck flatbread to the Filet Mignon.   Really delicious deserts too.
I find this place to be a little overrated. I do really like their pastries and cronuts (nutella cronut is my fav mmmm), but their food is very meh and bland and not very authentic at all. We also tried to make a reservation here one time only to be told that they didn't take reservations but then when we got there, they asked, "Do you have a reservation?" and then we ended up waiting for almost an hour to be seated.
Had the banana bread French toast and iced latte which was delicious! My wife had the granola with fruit and she said they gave her "the good fruit." It looked very good and we will be back soon!
I was excited when I saw the bakery case; the rows of fine pastries ready to be sold were aligned with precision. I looked up at a chalkboard that promised my diet would have trouble. A hostess seated us quickly, and we took in a very nice menu. I love breakfast, and really love a bistro breakfast. The music was louder then I would like at breakfast in a bistro, where most Frenchmen would be nursing the previous evening. The place has high ceilings and the charm of a warehouse, but it is clean. The clear plastic chairs are not only unsightly, they are damn uncomfortable. A clear plastic chair like that belongs on a patio nobody uses. The service is a bit slow, at breakfast I would expect the excellent Buddy Brew coffee to flow as fast as possible. I saw only two servers and an underused hostess for a Saturday breakfast. At two thirds full there is too much to cover and give attentive service like I would expect, the chef-owner was there trying to help. I ordered crepes with ham and gruyere. My wife ordered an egg, ham, and cheddar croissant. I added tomatoes. For the higher prices, there are no sides. I added tomato slices. She added a parfait. A complementary side like polenta, potatoes or some interesting starch would be most welcome. My crepes were average with a flat bechamel. I expected a lot more, among the three on the place, one was stuffed, one had almost no cheese and one was right. It was obvious care  not used for the crepes, and whomever was checking food before it was served was not looking. I understand over a shift there being consistency issues, but obvious inconsistency across one plate is not acceptable. My wife didn't care for her sandwich, the eggs were burned, the croissant seemed stale, and the cheese was lacking. I took a corner to check the croissant, it seemed stale to me as well. I asked it I was told they are made fresh daily. Again either care was not taken and whomever was checking did not look.   Her parfait was good except the kiwi should have not been served. I asked the owner who ran our register. She assured us they are fresh daily, gave us a croissant from the case, and when I got home it was fresh, smelled great, and what I expected. Someone let her down in that kitchen, maybe by not changing out baked goods. She took a little off our bill, and apologized, and thats the right thing to do. Pricing is also an issue, I understand and it is obvious from the plates everything is made there. That is exactly what I expect from a bistro that aspires to this caliber. You can't fake a real meal. It it was executed better, it would be easily worth the price. I plan to go again. A French bistro is important to me in Tampa, being french. The pastries looked wonderful! I can't give Piquant four stars, maybe the next visit.
Upon arriving, my girlfriend and I were delighted to see that the place was plenty busy even before the true lunch hour began, which bode good things for the quality of the food. Unfortunately, it took approximately an hour until our food finally arrived, and it arrived all at once (appetizers, entrees, and so forth). The bread on my sandwich was burned to a crisp and unpalatable, but the cream of French onion was an interesting spin on French onion soup that I found quite refreshing. The vegetable chips were great, though they were doubtlessly purchased from Whole Foods or the Fresh Market beforehand and then placed into the small wire basket in which the sides are served. My girlfriend's duck confit flatbread was lukewarm with a minuscule amount of duck upon it, not to mention that Gorgonzola cheese was very overrepresented. The waiter was rather friendly, though he disappeared from the table for long periods of time without checking on us or the food. Though I would just chalk that up on the place being busy, which at that I'd say that is quite strange considering the food was decidedly less that mediocre and overpriced. As an aside, the acoustics were terrible and I could barely here my girlfriend talk.
Beautiful restaurant. Well laid out, awesome staff. The live music was played at a decent level which didn't interrupt our table conversation. The ham croquettes were amazing and the pork chop with potato fingerlings from the dinner menu were also perfectly made. Definitely going back for the breakfast and lunch menu soon. Only issue was that after finishing our meals, out waitress sort of forgot to bring us the check, and went to work restocking the bars and whatnot until I was able to catch her attention 15 minutes later and asked for it. No biggie though
This review is for dinner only. Yes, Piquant serves dinner.  They have been for about a week now.  And, since I love French food, I had to check it out. The staff is still getting used to the new meal service.  Wine and beer are now available, but on a very limited basis, and on the night we ate there, they did not yet have a printed wine list.  We brought our own wine (we always do, just in case), and our server did not know what was the corkage or if they have a decanter.  Just so you know: the corkage is $25 (high, given that at our visit, there was only one or two options per grape varietal and the price point of the food served) and yes, they do have decanters. The food was traditional French bistro, more or less.  We tried the cheese plate, which was pretty good.  The chaucuterie was not so good (and significantly less French).  The Serrano ham was gamey and rough, the chorizo was blah, the salmon rillettes was grainy, and the other pate-type thing had no distinct flavor to it.  Save your calories. For the main course, I had the cassoulet, which I thought was quite good.  My husband had the pork belly, and he thought it was fine, but not wonderful.  I found its sauce was just a little too sweet. The dessert menu looked good, but it was a bit pricier than desserts at Bern's and Mise En Place, which was odd to me.
What an amazing experience! I went for brunch on a Sunday and the service was very prompt and fast. I ordered the chorizo and goat cheese omelette, with a side of baguette and jelly. My meal was excellent, the omelette had the perfect amount of goat cheese, chorizo, and caramelized shallots, the mimosas I ordered were on point, and definitely hit the spot! I highly recommend going here, I will definitely be a regular. I also want to highly recommend the S'more Latte, it was amazing, tasty, and actually came with a toasted marshmallow!
LOVELY UPSCALE EATERY We stopped here for lunch on Xmas Eve and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. The place appears to be a local favorite and business was brisk. My wife had the Croque Madame, which she liked, but looked appalling to me, as it was stuffed with cheap cheese and deli processed ham. I had the Banana Bread French Toast which I thought was fun and different. The Turkey Bacon I ordered as an add on was a pathetic effort: 3 slices, limp, thin, & tasteless. Nevertheless, it was an overall fun and pleasant experience. Location: 5 STARS Ambiance/Decor - 5 STARS Food - 3 1/2 STARS Service - 5 STARS Value - 4 STARS
Piquant is awesome, whether for coffee and sweets or a full meal. I usually stop by after yoga for a cafe au lait and the occasional cronut. Get there early if you want a cronut, they will sell out. I prefer the plain ones. Today we had lunch after paddle boarding. I had the butternut squash salad and my friend had the smoked salmon Benedict. The salad was perfect - squash, chicken, pecans, blue cheese, cranberries, and greens. Very tasty! The Benedict was good but it is served on a scone which was too heavy for me. I've also had the power salad - equally delicious! The sandwiches are big, could easily split one. If you've never had a cronut, get one. They're awesome!
The cinnamon sugar croissant donuts are soo good and this restaurant/bakery is so visually appealing! Loved it!
I had high expectations that were quickly shut down. As a rule, if a restaurant has smoked salmon on the brunch menu, that's what I order. The text notifications for your table being ready is nice- take a stroll around the lovely Hyde Park Village. We were seated on the patio within 20 minutes (on a Saturday around noon) which was impressive but the rest of the experience did not match. The service was extremely slow and I noticed that to be a theme for all on the patio. Our server lacked the necessary intuition for being in hospitality and was very awkward and/or unmotivated and/or confused on where she was and how she got there. I ordered an iced coffee and she forgot about it- when I reminded her I received it in about a minute so I know it was ready to be picked up at the well. Not sure if their coffee is naturally sweetened or just different but it had a unique taste- that of 2-3 sugar packets. When I asked our server about the coffee she just looked very confused, shook her head and told me the barista didn't sweeten it. No, she didn't ask if I would like to try something else. My smoked salmon Benedict was pretty pathetic- not much flavor happening and the muffins they're served on are way, way too thick. Muffin overkill. Mike enjoyed his chorizo omelette and it was pretty tasty (thanks to the goat cheese). Overall: underwhelming experience and unfortunately, the food couldn't even save it. I won't be back.
5 stars for the amazing mound of sugary goodness known to man as a nutella cronut.  My mom had the guava version and it was just as heavenly! I have been crazing another one since my first visit.  I am SO lucky I don't live over there anymore or I would have two cronuts growing on my backside. ok TMI The coffee however was just a 2.5. I ordered a latte and it came over very luke warm.  Expensive and I can tell they added cold milk which really iced it down quick.   The other items that came out of the kitchen looked divine. I will absolutely go back to try more things!
I was so excited to try out this new restaurant in Hyde Park, and was able to go there this past Sunday for a bloggers' brunch! Atmosphere: The décor was classy and very French-elegant! Clear chairs mixed with both black and white accents make this restaurant fancy yet comfortable. Food: Delicious! I got to try a bit of each of their featured small entrees. My favorites were the French redneck (their version of sausage and gravy) and the duck with waffles (pumpkin waffles!) They take the time to create a unique menu that is also affordable and tasty! They will soon be opening for dinner and have a full bar as well! Their preview of the Piquant signature bloody Mary was divine! I'm usually not a BM fan, but they took the time to use a bit of science and mixology to craft this baby and I enjoyed it! There was a stalk of celery in the drink with a semi-BM-jello-shot in it - how cool is that?! Desserts? They have a croissant donut. Enough said right?! Guava was my favorite! Definitely try this place for brunch or lunch!
The blondie waitress with the creative edge of fine arts media gave us exquisite service with much smiles. My butternut squash salad was humongous and delectable. My North Africa francophone chick insisted that I ingest a cappuccino with her
I have only eaten a Cronut so I can't vouch for the fare, although it looks handcrafted and has the artisan touch. The cronut's are usually sold out if you don't get there before 10 am. You will regret going to piquant, since you will want to go back every weekend after.
One word: Cronuts. I came just for the cronuts, and I left satisfied. The Nutella cronut was flaky, sweet, and very delicious.  Service was fast and friendly, and the dining area is large and spacious. But the real star is the food, so be sure to check them out!
Piquant Hyde Park has made a name for itself over the  past year. The first location in Tampa to offer Cronuts, a croissant-donut hybrid which is flying off the shelves in Tampa faster than mardi gras beads during Gasparilla. Piquant was a brand new location when our Best of the Bay Brunch got together and we were estatic to add them to the lineup. Piquant is soon to launch a dinner and full liquor menu. We were the very lucky group to get Tampa's first preview of Chef Jordan Hoeffner's Bloody Mary Two Ways, which was hands down one of the best and most creative bloody mary's I've ever encountered. Chef infuses vodka with Thai Bird Chiles, uses a house bloody mary mix and rims the beauty with a balsamic reduction, Cajun seasoning and sriracha salt. It's spicy, but not too much for this weakling.  If this isn't enough, Chef uses molecular gastronomy with a celery stalk by jellifying bloody mary into it!! Leslie quickly instructed the table to stop what they were doing and eat the smoked and pickled cherry tomato. I'm not a tomato fan and I could have taken down a few plates of this awesomeness.  Let's just say, I am very excited for Piquant to launch their bar menu and Chef Hoeffner is a liquid genius. That may have been the longest description I have ever written about a cocktail. Moving onto the food! Starting off with the day with a few appetizers, we dined on Sausis Feuilletes, an all beef, Natural sausage, rolled in puff pastry which could be the worlds best hangover reliever! This was served with red wine ketchup & chardonnay mustard. It was the one item on the menu I secretly wanted to try and was very happy we decided to split every item. Our second starter of the day: Bouillabaisse, a classic seafood broth with poached grouper, bay scallops, shrimp & clams. Moving onto the entrees, we learned to never judge an entrée by it's cover. While it may not be the most photogenic entrée, The French "Redneck" was by far my favorite dish of the day. A house made Croissant was topped with some of the most delicious sausage gravy I've ever had (shhh...don't tell Grandma). I grew up on homemade biscuits and gravy and The French Redneck got two thumbs up from this Southern Girl. I am such an Eggs Benedict girl so I was very happy to see Black & Blue Benedict on the menu. This dish consisted of 2 poached eggs, roast tenderloin, caramelized onion, mushrooms and a hand-crafted thyme Scone, topped with blue cheese hollandaise. A crowd favorite was the Crab "Oscar" Crepes, a take on the classic, bechamel, asparagus tips and lump crab topped with lemon hollandaise. All of us went back for second portions of this dish. We had the option to add an egg to make this dish  "Chelsea Style" but chose to keep it simple, which was delicious. The final item we sampled from the weekly brunch menu was Duck and Waffles, Southern fried duck confit placed on a delicious pumpkin waffle. This incredible dish was served with a bourbon maple glaze, hot sauce and crispy sage leaves and it left me wanting more! Finally, the Cronuts. As I mentioned above, The Croissant Donut made it's way to Tampa by way of Piquant this summer. I had my first one the week we got engaged. Funny how I tie a Cronut to my engagement. Since then, Piquant has made this very sought after pastry in multiple flavors - Nutella, Guava, Raspberry, Vanilla, Cinnamon Sugar and Plain. I am not a donut person but have a soft spot for Cronuts. I opted for Nutella and it was the perfect ending to a perfect brunch.
Great service and very Parisian feeling, from the soft music to the dining al fresco, I felt like I'd taken a little trip on a regular and rainy Tampa Saturday morning. I arrived about 45 minutes before my breakfast date and my server continuously filled my coffee cup with great coffee as I drank it.  I enjoyed the interior and it was well decorated and dances the fine line between  barely modern and vintage.  Again, I felt super French drinking coffee at my leisure.  Almost wished I'd had gloves and a cigarette to smoke to accompany my newly found class. The food was excellent.  I ordered the banana bread french toast which was great.  Not to spoil the recipe but I'm pretty sure it was just two slices of banana bread that were cooked the same way you might slices of bread at home.  Of course it was more delicious than that as I didn't have to prepare it.  I never got a cronut for which I've heard so much about but all of the baked goods looked delicious.  Next time.  I did get a scone to go to finish my coffee with at lunch time and with 4 cups of coffee (super human energy) my french toast, and my scone, my total for breakfast didn't break $13.   I believe that is almost $1 in Euro so I'll be sticking to the US for my French food for the cost comparison alone.     The spot is a great location with Bayshore in the distance and on the edge of "downtown" Hyde Park.
O man! Its like a little french resturant fell into Hyde park! The inside is very modern with clear chairs, yet has a touch of class with high back cushioned benches and beautiful pastries lined behind a glass display. We went for brunch to try the is 'cronut' one of our friends had raved about. We decided to sit outside because it was such a beautiful day.  Our server greeted us promptly and took out order. We started with the Nutella Cronut (I did post a picture). It was the perfect mixture of doughnut, flaky sugar pastry with nutella in the middle. I could have tried more but we decided to order breakfast/brunch. I ordered the Sweet Crepes and my friend ordered the Banana Bread French Toast. The crepes were a perfect blend of nutella (can you sense a theme here?), strawberries and bananas topped with cream. I also ordered a vanilla iced latte which was good as well. The banana bread french toast was massive. the portion was huge! It was so moist and cooked to perfection! We had so much extras we each took food home.   I can not wait to come back for lunch!!
What an incredible spot for brunch! From the chic atmosphere, to the pastries, to the beautifully presented dishes, I don't know if I could choose a favorite. Notable dishes I was lucky enough to try: the goat cheese omelette (so fluffy), the crepes Oscar (delish with crisp asparagus and hollandaise), and of course....the croissant donuts! For me those were truly the star of the show. I went for the cinnamon sugar flavor, but the Nutella also was incredibly tempting. You have to order one if you're at Piquant...or at least take one home for later to enjoy!
I went there for the cronuts. They are super worth it. The place is super cute (let me get girly here). They are a French-inspired restaurant and bakery.  Breakfast/lunch only. The decor is halfway contemporary, halfway homey. I'd say their decor is on par with the Oxford Exchange, but their food is much better. I am definitely not the "bacon fanatic," but this restaurant claims to have the best in town. They are also big on quiche, being French and all.  They are also very reasonably priced Lunch items range from $9-$13. Beautiful place, with good fresh food that is reasonably priced? 5 stars! Did I mention they have cronuts? Because they do.
Piquant is really impressive,  everything is delicious and the coffee is good  great way to start the day. I highly recommend the croissants. I love most the ham and gruyere sandwich so heavenly.
What an amazing place to go to! Being French, I'm very critical to French cuisine in America and the general experience when I go to a French restaurant. Really, I never find the food quite at the level... Well, I gave Piquant the "Stella Bella Seal of Approval"!!! For me, going to Piquant is like going home for meal. It's always a warm experience and a culinary blend of delights in your mouth... I believe this is what French food should be. I'm impressed how the owners have the passion for the French technics and put their heart into it. They genuinely are good people fulfilling a dream. They hit the spot with me! They are always welcoming and professional. There's that peaceful grace about them that adds to the customer experience. I'm a fan of what they have created in our community, it's a piece of home for me! What a contribution to my life! Merci!!!!
I am in love with Piquant. I was so disappointed when Sophie's closed down that I was apprehensive to give Piquant a try. So glad I did! My friend and I met for brunch on a Saturday and we split a sugar coated cronut (croissant donut), their quiche of the day (mushroom and leek), a croque madame (ham and grueyere cheese), and two tebella teas. The total was $26, which was super cheap! The quiche was fabulous... fluffy on the inside, and had a nice buttery crust. We both loved it. The croque madame was good as well, although the quiche was better. The cronut was fabulous, just like the other reviewers have said. Some said theirs was undercooked, but ours came out perfect! When we were leaving, we had the privilege of purchasing two cronuts to go. We got a nutella cronut and a raspberry filled cronut. Both devine! We will be regulars at this awesome little brunch spot!
If you have high standards, you will hate this place. If you have low standards, you will love this place. Piquant is one of those restaurants that you can tell is still trying to figure out what it wants to be, what it wants to cook, what kind of service it wants to offer. Unfortunately I am not one of those people who likes to be a guinea pig. I want to go to a restaurant that has outstanding food, OR, decent food and outstanding service. Piquant is NEITHER of these. I went there for late breakfast on a Saturday. The place was mostly empty. Bad sign. Nonetheless I was with guests and we stayed. You walk in and no one greets you. So you walk up to the counter and order because you assume that's what they want you to do. But when you try to order, they look at you with that deer-in-the-headlights look. You order anyway. Here is what we ordered: An omelette 3 cronuts A croissant breakfast sandwich A Nutella crepe (which they screwed up and had to make twice). A latte A bottle of water For this we were charged over $50. The crepe, which was like a giant Latex condom that had exploded and been covered with Nutella, was billed at $11. Quite possibly a Latex condom would have tasted better than their $11 crepe. Oh and by the way, charging $11 for a Nutella crepe is quite possibly a one-way ticket to hell for this owner. They should be afraid, very afraid. The omelette and breakfast sandwich were just OK although the chorizo was nice. The latte was watery = awful. I do believe they are doing a decent job with the cronuts, hooray! Service was schizophrenic: first they ignore you, then they are dying to take your order, then they ignore you again and don't even tell you when your food is ready and you have to go looking for it, and then they hound you at the end (I guess b/c at this point they are hoping for a big tip). Really crappy place. I wish someone would take over this large space and finally open a really great restaurant.
Lunch reservation for 2 @ 12:30 Valentines 2014. My husband and I were prompyly seated. Waitress was quite "uninformed" and/or confused when we asked what the special croissant du jour was, what the quiche du jour was. When asked about their Seasonal soup du jour - she said " we are out already but it was cream of asparagus". Really? How on earth could they be out of the soup du jour at the start of lunch time! So we both ordered the Cream of French onion soup. Soup was not even warm. We sent back and she returned, literally, with same two bowls immediately. Not warm, but the same. We couldnt get her attention so we had the hostess take them back. She said if they were not hot they would deduct them from bill. They were warmer, but not hot. Disappointed. Husband ordered Wagyu burger, which came with fries. Waitress did not know what the cheese was on them. His lunch was $17, and was delicious. I ordered their Butternut Squash Salad with field greens (wilted, and really not fresh greens, a few pieces were actually slimy and disgusting), with cranberries, candied pecans, smoked grilled chicken and fontina cheese. Raspberry vinaigrette. Flavors were nice, but the lettuce turned me off. I expect lettuces/greens to be crisp and fresh. Iced teas were refilled when we were finished again because we couldn't rally the server. Overall, its a casual place. I certainly wouldn't write home about it! Its not really French cuisine but more American with French menu titles, eg Duck Confit. Surprised they did not offer Vichyssoise, Monte Cristos, or more French puree dishes, etc. The pastry case was not impressive. No chocolate croissants even. They were not busy...quite a few kids with moms actually. If their service is better in the evening seatings for dinner, I would be surprised. They just seemed unorganized and frankly, not really in to great food or service. We will not return, nor recommend. Disappointed luncheon.
Piquant is a quaint, quite large bakery located in Hyde Park.  It's where the old restaurant BT was located. I pre-ordered a dozen cronuts (a croissant donut hybrid) last week and today was my big day.  I'm up! It's my turn! Yay!  I had seen a segment on Bay News 9 about this new concoction and I had to give it a try. Rumor has it people are selling them on the secondary market for $40 a pop. I arrived and found myself in a very charming cafe where the girls behind the counter were pleasant and very presentable-no one looked like they just rolled out of bed and no ones attitude reflected the fact they were working the early shift. The cronuts were good but not ridiculously stupid good. I was expecting them to still be warm, which they weren't. What I was more impressed with was the goat cheese sun dried tomato quiche I ordered. Now that's what everyone should be talking about. Fluffy and flavorful and at $5 a slice not incredibly over priced. I also noticed they had a Buddy Brew sign up so I ordered a latte. Yes the flavor was there but it was a bit cold. To the point that if you didn't drink it right then you wouldn't enjoy it 15 minutes later. All in all a great experience
My mom and I love getting omelets here.  The goat cheese omelet was phenomenal.  The caramelized shallots were the perfect compliment to the tartness of the goat cheese and the saltiness of the chorizo.  I fell more in love with the omelet as I ate it. Parking in the Hyde Park garage is your best bet.  The restaurant is fairly close.  The restaurant is pet friendly.  It's simple, quant, and a great place to grab a cronut.   What?  You thought I was going to review this place without mentioning cronuts?  They are amazing...the flavor of a donut with the tender consistency of a croissant.  Ugh!  If only I didn't live in Miami I'd be eating these every day instead of when I come home for family visits.  **Tip: Cronuts are popular. You'll only get them first thing in the morning or at 3:30 in the afternoon.
We came here for random dinner on a weeknight. No wait. We were able to sit immediately in the dark and romantic atmosphere. There was a live musician at the front of the restaurant. We passed by the bakery items in front that were for sale in the daytime. Must go back and try brunch here. We ordered the pork belly and cold cut meats to start out with. My bf loved the meats that came with bread and various jams and spreads. Pork belly was decent. I had an apple salad and the bf had the duck. Both were ok. I think I would like to try this place in the daytime and would like the brunch menu much better.
So happy that we have Piquant in Hyde Park! The food is so delicious, the atmosphere is so chic, and we always feel inspired and so excited to come back. The Chefs are so talented and it shines through with there love for food in there cuisine. Please bring your friends and family into this little piece of heaven, they will love you for it! Oh by the way, there assortment of wines are endless...Bon appetite!
This a a nice little French bistro. I highly recommend it if you are in the old Hyde Park Area doing some shopping. It came highly recommended for the desert. As I look around, all of the dishes look spectacular. We started the meal off with the flat bread. It was the asiago flatbread and it was delicious. For lunch we had a salad. I had the roasted butternut squash and the wife had the spinach power salad. Very good salads and everything was fresh. I have to give this place the highest rating for the category of restaurant. The service was great and the atmosphere was pleasant. We will be back... I just wish I would have found this place earlier.
Ah, dessert, perhaps the part of my wedding reception that I'm looking forward to the most. Chef Rivera and the rest of the staff at Piquant are amazing at what they do. I consistently crave their food, be it brunch items, lunch, or one of their many desserts, including the now infamous cronut! I was first introduced to Piquant during a Dishcrawl Hyde Park event and it was love at first bite. And that's coming from one who doesn't normally have a sweet tooth. I was so very excited to be able to partner up with Chef Rosana for a brilliant dessert table that WOW'ed everyone. Here is what we had: -Peanut Butter Bombe -L'Opera Torte -Chocolate Brownie Torte -Raspberry Mousse -Mini Lemon Macarons -Cheesecake Flan -Mexican Wedding Cookies -Passionfruit Tart -Mini 3-tier almond wedding cake with vanilla raspberry buttercream filling Yeah, about that...it was phenomenal. If you want more details about this restaurant/bakery that is sure to woo you, click on over to my profile and read my Piquant blog post. Then, go visit and order my favorite item in the place: a Passionfruit Tart.
I am not a huge fan of breakfast, but I thought it would be nice to take a walk on a beautiful sunny December morning and visit Piquant. I live 2 blocks from here, and having a local coffee shop and pastry shop is a great idea. Here's a review in the order I experienced Piquant. Notice how much one's opinion can be influenced before tasting the food. ATMOSPHERE: When you walk in the door you see a hefty-bag covered wall on the back wall of the restaurant. Hopefully they'll get that fixed soon.  I was a bit mystified by the window decorations that said "wine bar","cocktails", and "dinner" when this place is never open past 330pm. Were these recycled from the previous tenant? The patio was littered with leaves and plastic bags, and the table had that sticky feeling that makes you regret you rested your arms on it, even if it was only for a split second. SERVICE: Service was indifferent at best, poor if you don't give them the benefit of the doubt. For the record they weren't busy (under half-full at 9:15 AM on Sunday when we visited.  It took them 10 minutes to bring sugar for our coffee, for example. The waitress also forgot to bring the waters we requested with our original beverage order. The good news is that while it took awhile to receive our food, it was served hot. That means the kitchen is slow, but at least the waitstaff isn't letting orders sit around. FOOD: Presentation was very pleasing for our omelet and breakfast sandwich. The food was quite tasty. If you're looking for a place with oversized and obesity-inducing portions, this isn't it.  If you want food that leaves your appetite pleasantly satisfied, then Piquant's menu will hit the spot.   VALUE: $26.91 for an omelet, breakfast sandwich, toast, fresh squeezed OJ and a good-sized iced latte including tax. We felt this was a fair price for what we ordered. SUMMARY: Service and atmosphere leave a lot to be desired. Food is pretty good, and the value is fair. Will we return?  Maybe.
A friend of mine brought me a croissant with thin almond slices and I went to heaven. It reminds me of the pastries they had in Epcot. I've been looking for an Italian bakery and can't wait to dine in...
This review is for dinner. We went on Saturday night, and there are many, MANY kinks in need of ironing out. 3 stars because the food was really quite good, and the drinks tasty & strong. (They have a full bar now, apparently very new.) Decor was funky. But the service was an abomination. We had a sweet, apologetic waitress... but apologies only get you so far when you order a flatbread appetizer at 7:40 and still don't have it at 8:25. She didn't know the difference between Pinot Gris & Pinot Noir. Allegedly they hadn't counted on being so busy, but here is a list of things they were out of by our 7:30 reservation: Chicken. Fish. Ice cream. Seriously. I mean, run over to Publix for crying out loud! And they didn't even mention it until we started ordering. There was total disorganization... servers attempted to bring us dishes for other tables starting literally the second we sat down. Had we known how long we would wait for our food, we would have taken it. And there was ZERO attempt by management to make up for it in any way except to give us bread the server forgot to give us in the first place. Kudos to the female hostess who also kept water glasses full and chased down a lady who left a package at another table. Everyone else was useless. Food-wise, the chorizo & goat cheese flatbread was great. Pork belly app was delish. Spinach ravioli was really good and the burger was enormous & flavorful. We didn't try dessert because they were out of what we wanted. I would go back for brunch perhaps, but with so many other dinner choices around, I doubt I would subject myself to that again.
This place is a good find. The owner was there actively watching the servers and The food was good considering how hard and expensive it is to get all the prime ingredients in this part of the country. If this place was in San Francisco, they would not have any problem with their quality and food ingredients because everything one wants is available organically! I had their Onion Soup it was better than other places in 5 star restaurants. Their service was good, they had plenty of people there helping and serving professionally. I would say the servers were not trained like a pro, but good enough for what this place has. I recommend it. I definitely like the Set up and the decor.
I enjoyed my first visit to Piquant for lunch after walking by about a million times with my dog. TIP: Many Hyde Park Village area stores are great about leaving dog bowls out during business hours while you are out walking your pup. Inside, Piquant is adorably decorated in a faithful recreation of a little French bakery. We ordered a sandwich, a flatbread, which was a daily special, and a bowl of lobster bisque, and I got a cappuccino for dessert. Overall, the food and bev were fine, if not memorable, and the bisque was very salty. I love a good soup, but even for me, it was hard to eat much of it. I really wanted to like the food more than I did, and the service didn't really make up for it. They were a bit busier and one girl was training another, which is no problem, but it does slow you down and I think they could've used another pair of hands. It was a long lunch, anyway. And for the prices (I think it was $9 for a cup of soup) it could've been a little better. The one food item that was quite good was the daily special flatbread, so be sure to check those out! I'd go back and give it another shot. Maybe for weekend brunch, in hopes of improving my recommendation! The decor and location make me want to give it another shot. Maybe we will bring the pup and sit outdoors.
There's something not quite great enough about this place that makes me give it 3 stars, instead of 4.  Don't get me wrong - we find ourselves here on weekends since it's walkable distance for us.  However, while the food is good, it's not that amazing.  It's just ordinary good breakfast food, that I feel I could make at home (if I wanted to put in some effort in the kitchen in the morning!). I can't help but compare the restaurant to Oxford Exchange.  The food is in a similar style, with portions being reasonably sized, but not the typical oversized portions that you're used to at a restaurant.  Everything we've had is good, but again, nothing to write home about.  In particular, the omelettes are essentially an egg crepe wrapped around whatever filling you order; the ingredients are not incorporated in the egg, which I found odd.  The environment, while attempting to feel posh and trendy, is just not quite right.  I would definitely choose Oxford Exchange over Piquant... but again, due to the proximity, sometimes we'd just rather walk than drive.
I'm not sure what got into me when I came here. Maybe it was the fact I was in the company of other food bloggers. Maybe it was the fact their menu is full of drool worthy items. Or maybe I'm just a sucker for a pretty restaurant space. Let's put it this way -- I ate an embarrassing amount while I was here and I don't regret a minute of it. To start, I had the banana bread French toast....as an appetizer (don't worry, I let my dining mates have some). Two pieces of homemade banana bread served with sliced banana, fresh whipped cream and maple syrup. Just the right amount of sweet. For my main I had the goat cheese and chorizo omelet. You really can't go wrong with that combination. I could have done with a little more goat cheese, but I also have a goat cheese problem. On the side I had the "pommes du jour" which were crispy purple potatoes, which were an elevated take on the typical home fries. I should have been full by now, and I was, but I wandered over to the pastry case and decided I needed an almond croissant. It was well worth the indulgence, with a flaky crust and decadent marzipan inside. If you're in Hyde Park, I definitely recommend stopping in. Even if you're not going to have a meal, it's worth coming inside to check out the beautifully decorated interior and grab a pastry to go. I'll definitely be back to order the rest of the menu :)
I really missed Sophie's so I had to come check this place out.  It was nicely decorated, and pretty comfortable, warm and posh. My friend and I both ordered tea, and I was especially impressed by the tea menu. I really wish I took a picture of it so you can see.  Not only were the descriptions of the tea extremely appetizing, the taste of them were wonderful. I had never seen the plastic strainers that they come out of. I wish I took a picture of that as well.  I ordered Kiwi Coconut Cherry Tea, and my friend ordered a Cafe Au Lait tea. Wow, these was the best ever.  The gripe about these teas though is that they were just too small. I wanted more and more but the mug could be bigger. I also picked out a Lemon tart which had the flambe like white topping on it. That made it so good. I really liked hanging out here and felt that it was a nice refreshing snack away from work.  I hope that they can possibly make the mugs bigger  bc the taste was so heaven.  I'm happy that they continue to have the outside area as dog friendly because Mocha sure loved it when it was Sophie's as well.   The rest of the menu were some breakfast type items and different sandwiches which was worded quite fancy.  I am not much of a sandwich person, but I surely love my pastries, coffee, and tea. I also love that it is not a chain.
Favorite bakery & brunch place in Hyde Park/Soho. Must check out for brunch if you have not already done so. I had been wanting to stop in for brunch & I finally did so today. The bakery is beautifully decorated, clean lines & some vintage style all mixed in together. Upon arrival you immediately see the beautiful desserts up front & you are just gravitated toward them. This particular bakery has become a hit in Tampa bay for their cronuts; a hybrid pastry between croissant & doughnut. I have ordered these for parties & gatherings & have always been satisfied. We were seated within 15 minutes of arrival (not too bad for no reservations for Sunday brunch). Our waitress was very sweet & attentive. The menu looked very interesting with gluten free options & vegetarian options. We ordered few different omelets, parfait, and a breakfast sandwich. The omelets were perfectly done, just thin enough with the right amount of stuffing! The chorizo & goat cheese omelet brought back memories of Spain & chorizo filled foods, highly recommend. The parfait came with a thick & delicious yogurt which was almost like ice cream!! The French baguette on the breakfast sandwich was fresh & amazing! We were so happy with our experience & we will be black soon. Please keep up the great work piquant!
I trusted my fellow yelpers and went with the Goat cheese omelet and I'm glad I did. Fantastic flavor and fairly priced. Apple smoked bacon was a little overcooked. Service was mediocre on a slow day, yet friendly. Ambience a 10. I will definitely be returning. :-)
When Sophie's in hyde park closed I was kind of upset. If some place is to take over Sophie's I guess this place is good enough! I've only been once but I did enjoy the french theme of the restaurant and how it was decorated. I also really LOVED my power salad which had brown rice and spinach and chicken and other veggies. I will definitely be back to this place for lunch and I also want to try it for brunch. I do however miss the 'coffee shop' feel of Sophies. I'm not sure if I would go to this place to do work or read a book. It's more of an eat and then leave type of atmosphere.
I've been there a couple of times and I always leave a little empty.  Pastries look great but lack great flavor, and fall flat on the texture.  We recently tried it out again because of the recent articles about the "Cronut."   Again, it was good but nothing like the Dominique Ansel Bakery in NYC.  They didn't have the separation of layers or the airiness typical of that pastry.   This store front has been a revolving door because of the Hyde Park Village Rental rates seeing two other French Restaurants come and Go over the past couple of years (Restaurant BT and Amelie's/Sophie's French Bakery & Cafe).  I loved the decor of Sophie's and now it's just a bit cold and dark.   I really wanted this place to be great, but left with a very mediocre opinion of the place.   We live down the street and really wanted it to become our neighborhood haute.
Bonjour! I am yelping from Paris... Wait, no I am not. I am yelping from Hyde Park's new French Bistro, Piquant. The decor is chic, the pastries look sinful and the food is divine! Seductive French melodies play in the background while fresh baguettes are baking in the oven. My husband lounges in the large comfy leather booth and sips strong espresso while he reads the newspaper. I cannot stop raving over my smoked chicken salad sandwich on a buttery croissant. The crisp apple wedges and creamy avocado wedges gives the sandwich a tasty twist with great textures. My sandwich is accompanied by homemade vegetable chips. Très bien! I am hesitant to leave this whimsical French bubble because the moment I walk through the doors I will be back in Tampa. Jusqu'à ce que nous nous revoyions! (Until we meet again!)
Delicious food! Great variety! Fun atmosphere! The French Cuban was amazing with the Parmesan truffle fries!
We got stuck in Florida thanks to an airport snafu and decided to try this place based on previous Yelp reviews.  The hostess was attentive while we waited for a table and the place had a young, fun vibe going. We perused the displayed pastries, which looked delicious though they appeared fairly expensive, especially compared to the rather reasonable menu. I didn't realize that they were selling a Croissant Donut but needless to say, they were sold out by midday. As for the meal, our food was a mixed bag. I had the pulled chicken on challah and my wife ordered the brie with tomato jelly sandwich. My sandwich was bad, no other way to put it. It tasted (and smelled) like microwaved Tyson chicken on white bread with absolutely no flavor from the cilantro aioli, cheese, or glaze; judging just this sandwich I'd give the place one star. However the rest of the food was relatively tasty, with the Brie sandwich as the highlight. Pomme frites were not the best I've ever tried but they were solid, crispy and well salted, and the root vegetable chips were also slightly above average. Service was good, nothing special but no complaints. If I live in the area I'd definitely give it another chance because they have a nice menu, it's just too bad I ordered such an awful item.
I went for breakfast with a large group the service was horrible.  They took to long to seat us and once they did it took even Longer to place our orders.  The meals took to long to come out and came out sporadically.  Some of us got our meals 10-20 minutes apart and the orders were wrong.  My omelet was okay, but my hash browns were cold.
After reading about the opening of Piquant and seeing so many delicious teasers on Facebook and Twitter, I knew this would be my type of place. I had breakfast this past Sunday with my children and two friends and we were all delighted with our meals. My son, as a matter of fact, gave his breakfast "100 thumbs up". I had one of their omelets with goat cheese, Cantimpalo Chorizo, cilantro and caramelized shallots. This one had me at goat cheese and it was every bit as delicious as I imagined. The chorizo had a nice smokey flavor and blended nicely with the goat cheese.  Needless to say, I ate it all! With gorgeous decor and Parisian vibe, I am so glad to have this addition to Hyde Park. Their freshly made pastries are elegant and beyond delicious. Currently open for breakfast and lunch, I am excited to see what other amazing things they have in store for us.
I was so excited to go back to piquant maybe I went there on a bad day. It was actually my first time having lunch. We had a duck confit flatbread, which was really wierd. I guess I should have read the menu description better, because I did not like the BBQ sauce on it. Then we had the Brie and jam sandwich. The baguette was clearly a parbaked one. I would have expected this place to make their own baguette, fresh and crispy. Then we took a duck confit grilled cheese to go. But there was no duck confit to be found in there, so we ask our server and he understood that we wanted a plain. No big deal, right? He could just have suggested to redo the sandwich for us, but instead he said, oh I could bring the duck confit on the side but will have to charge an extra buck. Hmmmm ok, now you are upsetting me. Let's talk about service. The guy never took our drink order when we sat down. He bought in my coffee too late, and then failed to refill it when needed. It wasn't  busy at all at that time, maybe 5 tables in and 5 tables out, late lunch. And he was MIA most of the time. Because if his absence we went directly to the bakery display to pick out a croissant. I mean,...I still like the place, but will not spend $50 for lunch there anymore, I will just crab my pastry and go, just like I have been doing up until yesterday.
YumO! I've only been in Tampa a short time and now have visited Piquant 3 times. While I'm not a sweets person (or a vegan) we had the opportunity to try the no-bake vegan cookie and it was mind blowing. Did I already say Yum? My other fave the duck flatbread. Breakfast-A and the fresh tangerine juice-A+ I love juice that isn't super sweet. So this hits the spot.
Being able to walk to breakfast rocks.  Being able to walk to breakfast and enjoy the standard of food this place offers makes me proud this is in my neighborhood.  Best quiche I have EVER had - today it was Black Forest Ham and Fontina.  Delicious cappuccinos - yes, I had two.  The greek yogurt with fruit was almost like a fancy, upscale dessert.  I forgot to ask if the greek yogurt was homemade.  It was plain yogurt, but it was really tasty and had a nice, thick consistency.  We got our son a grilled cheese and it was made with fontina cheese as well - we ate his leftovers it was so tasty. Maybe I'm being tough, but I took off a star because they forgot our waters and it wasn't busy when we were there, maybe one or two others tables in the restaurant, and more on the patio.  Also, the coffee drink we got to go took a little while, but I think they got slammed with a bunch of custom coffee drinks at one time.  I would actually give them 4.5 if that was an option :).  I also thought the pricing was very reasonable. I was disappointed that more people weren't dining while we were. The food is sooo good!!  They are also open at 8am, which is great.  I hope that this place works out - I look forward to trying other items on their menu.
I went to Piquant with a group of singles for happy hour. We had a variety of dishes, each prepared with attention to detail and concern for presentation. The flatbreads were wonderful, as were the drinks. The asiago flatbread had a wonderful cheese and was complimented by the balsamic glaze. The truffle oil fries were some of the best that I have had. The house wine selections were very good, especially the white. The service was top notch, which is hard when the restaurant has to serve 21 people all at once. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for its food and service.
Piquant Epicure & Cuisine is standing proof that if you serve exquisite food, made from high quality and artfully manipulated ingredients, the hungry patrons will come. The light, airy dining room is buzzing with life when I arrive Sunday for their brunch service. Baristas busy themselves making cappuccinos, pastry chefs replenish the pastry case with decadent treats, and the servers file out of the kitchen to greet customers and present them with delicious French cuisine. The menu and the pricing are accessible, giving the restaurant a diverse following, from children munching on croissants and drawing in coloring books to a table of discerning foodies, perusing the menu over coffee. The foodies? That's me, and my friends Kerry of Snark & Pepper and Jennifer of Mangiamo!. Chef Rosana Rivera & Ricardo Castro could not be happier to welcome us, a great feeling for food addicts, who happen to take several photographs of our food before eating it, despite the annoyance of our dates, and surrounding parties (did you know some restaurants have actually banned the practice). One day when you're showing your grandchildren pictures from your high school prom, we'll be showing them the fabulous passion fruit tart we had at Piquant. Piquant has been open for a little over 5 weeks, and these two Chefs are already near and dear to many foodie hearts. Their concept is truly representative of their giving mentality. They open their kitchen to newly graduated chefs, fostering their culinary growth and giving them much needed experience. In this way, they harness the fresh passion of a new generation of chefs, and the results could not be more pleasing. The food is unique, approachable and served in a chic, laid-back environment. The atmosphere is just as beautiful as the food... however, a translucent chair is nowhere near as tasty.... for more check on the write up on my blog!
I highly recommend the nutella cronut, it's a hybrid between a croissant and a donut. It's hard to only have one, it keeps me coming back for more.
Oh, gosh!  People seem to love Piquant, me not so much!   My smoked chicken salad sandwich was good, not great, but good enough to satisfy me, but I like a good iced tea with my lunch, and it is not to be had at Piquant. I love that they offer Tea Bella teas, and were I to go for tea time, I'd love to try one of the teas, in fact, their coconut tea is fantastic...but all I wanted was a glass of iced tea. You can't have it. I ended up with a mojito mint tea that sounded not too bad on the menu, but was just a glass of weak peppermint tea. I don't think it had been brewed appropriately, or else was brewed and then watered down to the nth degree. I would love to see Piquant survive, but a good restaurant excels on the basis of many things, and at Piquant, the lack of a decent iced tea...(and the price either $2.95 or $3.95 for one short glass of the tea they have) is a deal breaker for me.
We experienced some of the worst and slowest service ever at Piquant, which was more than disappointing.  It took over 30 minutes before we were able to order.  Then another 30 minutes before the waitress came out to let us know that the kitchen had "just started on our ticket" for breakfast!   After sitting there for an hour, our food finally came out but 3 of the orders were wrong and we were missing one.  The wait staff went to check on the missing meal, which took another few minutes.  When it was time to pay, the waitress realized she had messed up the bill (not surprising) so had to go correct it, which took another 10 minutes.   The food was great, however, and the restaurant is adorable.  But there is nothing worse than terrible, slow service with no apologies, only excuses.  It's not our fault that 5 other tables happened to sit down at the same time as us...
This bistro recently open in Hyde Park and it has a lot of potential but there are still many things that they need to work on. I would say if you want to try it go during the week or during non busy hours/days. I waited in line to order long enough that I decided not to get actual food and got a pastry instead leaving the store to find food somewhere else. People who had previously ordered were waiting for their food for a while, others just left. I'm hoping to go back in the future and really enjoying the food. Overall nice decor, clean and friendly staff.
Tip --------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­--------- Nothing like a food trend to draw business buzz. Obtaining a croissant donut is a bit of a preplanned event. As the cronut craze continues to be a nationwide craving, we are fortunate in the bay area to obtain this sweet treat just within a short driving distance. Due to media and  food trend hype it is a hot commodity. With that said, they are made in a limited batch twice a day. One batch at opening then another batch for sale at 3pm. It is almost first come first serve. However, they assign you a number limited to between 1 and 25. This ticket allows 2 croissant donuts per customer. Obtaining this it is recommended to get there 30 to 45 minutes before the on sale time, more so for the afternoon batch. Flavors available are sugar, cinnamon & sugar, vanilla, raspberry filled and nutella filled. Croissant donuts are $2.50 plain, $3.50 filled. --------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­--------- As the croissant donut craze is currently the buzz feed at Piquant, it allowed be to try some of their unique French inspired dishes for 2 consecutive days. Why back to back days? Because of miscommunication on the initial day on how to obtain a croissant donut. Though the first day I spent the bulk of the day hanging around Hyde park waiting for 3pm batch to be released, I left empty handed due to miscommunication. Nonetheless, I left bitter but couldn't forget all the positives of the restaurant offered dining in from the owner checking on every tables experience, to the staff recommendations on the dishes Piquant offers. As a result, I returned the following day with a better game plan on how to obtain a croissant donut. In essence of time, follow my tip if you are curious and want to obtain a croissant donut. Upon by return the manager remembered me from the day prior and greeting was warm as the first day. I dined for brunch again, yet this time my croissant donut purchase was a priority. As a result, I was given the 1st and 2nd spot to obtain a croissant donut. Lets talk Piquant...... How could I afford dining 2 days in a row? The menu is very much café type items which makes for a fair priced meal. Upon entry you can't help notice the décor from the acrylic dining chair and track lighting which gives the place a modern contemporary flare yet subtle influences like the large chalk board with the menu written on it and display case of French pastries to note this is French inspired. Lets talk food.... Challah Croque Madame - griddled ham and gruyere, béchamel, fried sunny side up egg. This is a knife and fork sandwich delight. There is no picking up of this sandwich due to it aesthetic presentation of this subtle salty ham and creamy and nutty gruyere cheese in between a lightly toasted challah bread, followed on top of the bread with a creamy white béchamel and on top this golden yolk of a sunny side up egg. Slicing down into this sunny side up egg that is so rich and silky in texture and this béchamel which almost sits like a thickened gravy on this sandwich makes each bite unique with tons of flavor and texture contrast. Farm fresh eggs, applewood bacon, aged cheddar on a French baguette. This sandwich is a great example of simple done right.  Key feature is this French baguette which is baked in house daily yielding this crisp outside and warm and soft inside sets the mark for a unique mold for this sandwich. Though Croissant donuts come to mind when you think of Piquant. I strongly encourage making Piquant your next destination for breakfast or brunch/lunch. The French inspired dishes makes for a flavorful and unique experience.
I am visiting from Los Angeles and have to write a review. They made us wait for 35 minutes after the 20-25 minute wait they committed to. There were 6 available tables inside and 4 outside, yet they made everyone wait. I am not sure if they want people to feel as this is some exclusive place or what? The decor is a mess, clearly got there inspiration from a zgallerie catalog. When they finally sat us, they put us at a table on the patio in the sun. My four year old son complained about the vinyl seat burning his legs. I politely asked the teenage hostess if we can be moved and she said it could be a longer wait. While saying this there were three open tables that were "reserved". No one sat at two of those tables for the duration of our meal. I asked to speak to the manager who is named Lily and cannot be over 21. They moved us to a table these nice young men offered up to us. Shortly after the incompetent hostess sat a family at the same table in the hot sun with infant twins! Wow! The food was ok. They clearly use a lot of butter, and the waiter served a different quiche then what she said was available. I would not suggest this establishment.
Long wait times, but the food is worth it... Kinda? We had a party of 10, and while that is a substantial amount of ppl, we waited almost an hour for our food. While it is arguable that great food may take a while, it's one of those things where it's a catch 22. I had the goat cheese, chorizo and carmelized shallots omelette, and it was superb. Cooked perfectly, had the right amount of ingredients (may have over did it with the cheese IMO tho,) and the bloody Mary's were delicious. When I'm back in the area, I'll definitely give it another go. Hopefully it'll be with a smaller group
I've never had a bad meal at Cafe Piquant.  Arguably one of the best spots for Brunch in the Tampa Bay Area.  The Croissant Donuts (Cronuts) are to die for... the Guava is simply HEAVEN
I have visited Piquant several times since I live only 50 yards away. The decor is beautifully simple and the food has been delicious every time that I have visited. I am excited that they have received their liquor license and will soon be opening a quaint little bar area in the back of the restaurant.  I would come here more often in the mornings and work, but they play the music too loud for business people to make any professional calls.
This was our first stop on our first trip to Tampa. Delicious. Just superb. They serve the mother of all quiche, a variety of classic breakfast dishes with a twist, and the atmosphere is cohesive with the French theme. Absolutely recommend!
You have got to try the Power Salad-it is amazingly yummie!! The quality and freshness of the ingredients is amazing. I have been here several times-at first, the servings seemed a bit small for the price-but they have made them more generous and it is truly amazing!
Absolutely amazing! The staff is wonderful and the food is even better! The tea is incredible.
Awesome brunch!  Went to Piquant for Sunday brunch and ordered the spinach mushroom quiche. It was very fresh and delicious. Best quiche I ever had. The kids had grill cheese sandwich and liked it. Husband's eggs Benedict was a bit cold but we will give it another try. The atmosphere is good. Friendly staff. Lots of delicious desserts in the showcase. Live music for dinner. Outdoor seating. Have not tried it for dinner yet but so far so good.
I like this place... Hopefully, it stays in business. I think it's perfect To get a small lunch and quick snack to quench the sweet tooth
Egg white goat cheese omelette with caramelized onions was fantastic. Buddy Brews is the house coffee. Lattes served with beautiful patterns swirled in the froth. They served us fresh cronuts stuffed with Nutella. Upscale trendy decor with a French flair. They serve breakfast and lunch items all day  Saturdays and Sundays. Sit outdoors it's Fido friendly.  Love this place.
Piquant seems like it has great potential however there are still many kinks to be worked out. The line was rather long which I chalked up to being because of the farmers market. As I waited in line I noticed that the poor girl taking orders seemed to be responsible for way to many tasks thus slowing down the line. Hopefully in the future they have more staff with better outlined responsibilities to keep the line moving as I saw tons of people leave after a few mins of waiting. We ordered 2 sandwiches, one veggie which my boyfriend said was fantastic but he was very disappointed with the size. It seemed it was more less half a sandwich then whole which for $9 is disappointing. My turkey sandwich was great, warm fresh carved turkey. We both agreed our breads were very fresh and delicious. We got a chocolate chip cookie to split too which was delicious. What bothered me the most was their system for bringing food and drinks. They give you a number to put on your table. Then shortly after placing your order your drinks and utensils are supposed to come and then the food. Well our food came before our drinks and cookie and it took 3 requests for the drinks which didn't end up coming til are food was long gone. The gentleman ended up clearing our table as he brought us our drinks... Overall I think this place has great quality fresh ingredients and has a lot of potential I hope they are able to work out the kinks. I hope to try it again in a couple months.
Really disappointed with my experience here last Sunday. Had some family from way out of town in and I wanted to take them to an interesting place for brunch that they couldn't experience in Oregon. I'm still relatively new to the Tampa Bay area so I was excited by their reviews and decided to head their way. Being said that I'm new, I didn't know that the first Sunday of the month Hyde Park has their Sunday Market. Needless to say, parking was a nightmare, which is not Piquant's fault but when I realized this I called to see if they did call ahead seating. I was, very rudely informed that they do not and that they only take walk-ins. Oh well, we waited and and it was nice to walk around the market as they had taken our phone numbers and said they'd call when the table was ready. The wait wasn't unreasonable, but when we sat down it was clear that they really weren't that busy, the servers weren't rushing around and their were open tables. Took 30 minutes for the food to come out, it was good, really good. My sister got the pumpkin bread french toast and I got the Croque Madame. I really did enjoy the food, it just took too terribly long for what it was. Loved their coffee, but also took 15 minutes for me to get a cappuccino. We sat for awhile talking after we had finished, then I realized that our server still had not come back with the check. It was truly 25 minutes after we had finished and she had not come back. I never do this, but we had to go and find her. I told her that we came because we also wanted to try the Cronuts, I was curtly informed that I could get pumpkin ones outside and that was it. Perhaps I'll come back and get some to go to satisfy my curiousity, but I will not be dining here again.
Excellent food and service. Today I had the purple spinach salad and it was great, very filling without making me feel too heavy. Then the Cronuts...OMG, the vanilla cinnamon is out if this world. Definitely coming back!
Visited today with my 1 year old and a friend and her 5 year old. The waitresses were extremely friendly and accommodating. One thing we really wanted to try are their new cronuts. Part croissant and part donut. Well they open at 8 and sell out by 8:30. Needless to say, we missed those. It also seemed that they needed a few more servers.  It took a little bit for us to get our coffees. The food was quick and good though. We will definitely go back. And are hoping to one day get a cronut. We did get a sample which was pretty good. And the veggies omelet was delicious with a side of turkey bacon!  Yum. My friend got hers with just eggs whites!  And the kids got the Nutella crepes and they are very tasty!
I came for the croissant donut and admit, I was not wowed.  They are okay.  Personally, I prefer either but combined leads to something that is tough and very filling.  If I had to come back, i would get the nutella stuff croissant donut.  The food is good, but over priced considering the low traffic flow in Old Hyde Park.
I am happy to report that my return visit to Piquant was a great success. We took my dad for his birthday. He got the chicken salad sandwich on a croissant and raved it was the best croissant of his life. My mother said the ambience reminded her of Paris.  I got the purple spinach salad with pistachio, shaved apple, smoked chicken, barley and avocado. It was a great blend of flavors..smoky chicken, salty, crunchy pistachio, and sweet apples.  I particularly loved the chew of the barley.  Desserts highlight was the chocolate mousse and lemon tart.  Skip the chocolate chip cookies.  Can't wait to go back.
Love the location! Love the food! I would LOVE LOVE LOVE if they had a liqueur license or BYOB. Sometimes (well let's be honest all the time) a morning mimosa or glass (or bottle....again with the honesty) of wine with lunch is just what you need to complete your meal.  The menu offers mostly soup, salads, and sandwiches. The portions and prices were right on. A great place for a bite to eat!
Veggie sandwich was delicious.   Will definitely be back.
My family chose this restaurant to take me for fathers day breakfast.  I am not a foo foo breakfast guy.  Give me my greasy spoon, corn beef hash and eggs any day. But to my surprise the breakfast was awesome. My wife had an omelet with goat cheese and other ingredients that was really good.  I had the banana nut bread French toast and my daughter had the breakfast sandwich.    At that point they started serving lunch and I wish I had room for more.  The Hamburger they brought out I could just taste with my eyes.  The chef/owner came out and chatted with us when she found out we were from Orlando and came here because of the reviews my wife read.  Next time I am in Tampa, I plan to try lunch here.
I had the pleasure of eating a couple of Dominique Ansel's famed Cronuts this past June, and must say they were worth the hype. This morning I stopped by Piquant to try their rendition of the famed Cronut, the Croissant-Donut (Ansel has Cronut trademarked), and found their creation to be a fantastic dessert in its own individual design. Keeping in mind that I consider cooking to be a form of art, and not everyone necessarily aims to clone dishes exactly I give Piquant high marks for creating a very good donut pastry. For those interested, the Piquant version is more dense than Dominique's. I say more donut than croissant. I found Piquant's to be better aesthentically, and looked very nice tucked in its little pastry box. Piquant makes a few flavors per day, and those visiting Dominique's can only get the flavor of the month. Both restaurants/boulangeries limit their daily output of these hybrid pastries to a couple hundred a day as the chefs need to prepare the kitchen for the day's menu. Therefore, only the early birds can get their fix of croissant-donut desserts. Those not able to get there in time for croissant-donuts can find other fantastic pastries or stick around for a tasty breakfast. I found the shrimp and grits to be excellent one other time I had visited the restaurant.
I met with a friend at Piquante today, the first impression is a nice outside dining area, once inside the decor, tables and chairs are very eclectic fitting in with the overall ambience of this area. Our waitress was wonderful, full of smiles and good advice and very knowledgeable  and enthusiastic of the menu. For good reason there is very few dishes I would not try, but we had the soup of the day a delicious lentil with andouille and bacon. My friend had the chick salad sandwich which normally arrives at the table looking like flat goo, not at Piquante, it was a generous portion lots of color in the salad itself and the croissant which i had to try was delicious, I tried the adult cheese sandwich and very nice it was a vermont farmstead alehouse cheddar and was sumptuous with a nice thick slice of country style applewood smoked bacon we had an order of the root veg chips and shared some fries. Then off to the dessert counter lovely display we had a raspberry mousse and a chocolate mousse finished off with espresso and cappuccino. The general manager was gracious and very friendly in coming over and making sure all was well. It was a great experience and one we will be sure to repeat very soon
Delicious!!! The goat cheese and chorizo omelette was amazing. The egg, bacon, and aged cheddar croissant sandwich was great. The raspberry chantilly tart and the lemon curd tart were out of this world! To top it off, the service was excellent (Chelsea was our server) and the prices are very reasonable.
LOVE this place! Definitely the best granola parfait in town! You HAVE to order one of their chocolate crossants! Delish! Beautiful decor and a very friendly waitstaff has made this place my weekly stop. They also have free wi-fi! Huge plus for my Friday computer work! ;) please come try this place and tell your friends! This place needs to stay open!
Love the food but expect to wait despite there being plenty of open tables! Usually 5 stars but today 3.
This place is awesome! Great ambiance with vintage music, fantastic creative food, and our server - Celina - was THE best! My daughter and I were looking for a cute, quirky place to get breakfast and happened upon Piquant! The owner stopped by our table-he is justfiably proud of his establishment! He told us that he often employs graduates of the Art Institute to give them real world culinary experience, and he sources much of his food from local and regional suppliers. I ordered the goat cheese omelet with challah toast and it was super yummy! My daughter ordered the french baguette and she said is was delicious too! There are patrons of all ages here. I highly reccomend Piquant to anyone looking for a delicious, yet reasonably priced, breakfast/lunch!
I came to Piquant after pre-ordering their highly revered croissant donuts. I received bad news that my order could not be filled due to a highly technical baking incident with the dough. As piquant is one of only a few places in the country making these delectable treats, I could not question this-- things happen. I was disappointed as these were a treat for my mothers birthday. I went into piquant to see what other treats I could use as a substitute. The chef Rivera explained the problem with the dough to me and invited me back on a day of my choosing to enjoy the items I ordered. Additionally, she offered to prepare me a mini cake while I enjoyed a delicious breakfast. I didn't stop there- in addition to my Buddy Brew coffee, Croque Monsieur, and mini-cake, I added a chocolate croissant and chocolate macadamia tart to the order! The food was simple, exquisite, and paid homage to the small details that make French food so delicious. I will absolutely be back thanks to their hospitality and absolutely delicious cuisine.
cronuts........
If u enjoy presentation this is the place 4 u....we will never return!  Got there at 8:30 am (a full half hour after they open) and were the second table seated on Friday morning.  Waitress took our order, a ham n cheese omlet, a slice of quiche, a hazelnut and raspberry cronut, one hot mocha and a cup of coffee.  Took 15 minutes after placing order 4 cronuts 2 come out....they were so crunchy n hard we had a difficult time trying 2 share with each other.  I tried 2 cut one and pieces flew everywhere....we ended up passing them 2 each other 2 take bites....also hard 2 do because of the crunchy texture. After another 10 minutes our food came out....by the way, everything is served ala cart....only get omlet n quiche....no potatoes, toast or accompaniments, however it was beautifully presented.  Halfway through my omlet a beautiful mocha was served...2 bad it was barely lukewarm....not even close 2 hot.  45 minutes after placing our order my husbands coffee finally came....as we were ready 2 leave.
First of all the service is inattentive. The coffee is always served lukewarm and watered down. The food is mediocre and overpriced.
All right, I'll say it - I had a terrible experience at Piquant. Woke up early last Saturday to get a few pastries for my family, a coffee and try one of the dossant/cronuts that all the media outlets in the area have been raving about. Well things did not go so well on my visit. To start once they opened the doors for business, the hostess began unkindly separating the group into those waiting for cronuts and those who wanted table service. They then began handing out tickets that entitled each customer to two cronuts, the whole time behaving with an air of resentment for their new found popularity because of this en vogue pastry. Once I finally received my cronut, I can't even begin to describe my disappointment. The dough inside was raw - totally uncooked and cold. The raspberry filling was an artificial gel that came from a bottle and tasted of chemicals. For the amount of hype and price they're charging, I expected so much more. I had a chocolate almond croissant that was actually good, but the raw/artificially filled cronut was reprehensible. And the space, though nicely appointed, could definitely use some TLC and elbow grease. It doesn't matter how fancy your furniture is if it's covered in coffee stains. Piquant, I don't mind you jumping on the cronut bandwagon, but please you must do things right or not at all.
Amazing how in less than 2 months this restaurant has completely turned around, taking all the customer feedback and doing right by them. Now that Piquant has changed their service style to sit down only the flow of the restaurant is much more organized and calming. With the majority of the menu being crafted in house and a team of all Culinary Trained employees makes enjoying this food effortless. Their Smoked chicken salad on homemade croissant is to die for, another personal favorite is the Power Salad with brown rice, veggies, chicken and a Dijon vinaigrette. If a full meal isn't what you crave their pastry case is always stocked with a multitude of options including breads, tarts, mousses, cookies, cakes etc. Breakfast is also served daily until 11am and all day on Saturday and Sundays (with the addition of special weekend brunch items, which will always satisfy) Their French rolled omelets are crafted with the freshest ingredients and a very steady hand to created the perfect three folded egg masterpiece, banana bread French toast with cinnamon infused maple syrup and the quiche that is handcrafted start to finish is wonderful! If you haven't given Piquant a try I recommend getting up right now and going over, if you have and were not impressed I ask you to give them another try, you wont be disappointed. Rumor has it dinner will be starting soon as well!
Wow, this place is incredibly frustrating. The location is great and the atmosphere is inviting, but we have tried to eat there two times without success. The first time we waited so long to be acknowledged by our server that we just decided to order from the counter. After being ignored by the cashier for about 8 minutes while she busied herself with something more important we (along with a few other patrons) decided to just go somewhere else. We were at the Hyde Park art show today and decided to give it another chance, so we stopped in at 3:30. The door says that they are open until 5 on Saturdays, but the rather curt hostess immediately informed us that the kitchen was already closed. Oh well, I guess if they actually wanted to stay in business they would have worked out the kinks in their customer service and figured out their serving hours by now. I'm sure that the food is great, but there are plenty of restaurants in the area with great food, and you don't have to jump through hoops to actually eat there.
