I have been coming here for years. I have moved out of town and everytime I m back I always find time to go "home". A great place to relax and have a good smoke. You feel welcomed the moment you walk in and you truly make friends. A great beer selection that accommodates your cigars. The stuff are knowledge about cigars and willing to give you suggestions for any novices. The cigars are always fresh and plenty of space with comfortable couches to gather with friends. Two thumbs up with a cigar one hand and a tall beer on the other.
Kuba Cigars is a great neighborhood cigar lounge/bar located on Davis Island.  The staff is very knowledgeable regarding cigars and will help you with your selections.  Check it out!
I always forget to check in here because I'm so busy being welcomed like family.  Imagine walking into your uncle's poker parlor, where his cool buddies are ready to tease you and make you a member of the gang, except it's the ladies with a cheerful smile and they are always ready to fire up your cigar!  While the cigar selection is not huge like some other places, Jonathan does not skimp on quality.  There are the good cigars that you would find in any stogie shop and then you run over these interesting and flavorful offerings to the cigar gods..  To top it off, it's also draft beer heaven.  High quality, sumptuous, malty, hoppy and downright alcoholic at times are these taps from all over the US.  The only mega-brewer on draft is Yuengling and she a'int a bad one at that!    Come for the ambiance and relaxation, and you won't want to get out of the leather throne in the corner!
Went here to check out their wine selection.   We were pleasantly suprised that they had a nice selection and the prices were very reasonable.    My boyfriend likes Pinot Noirs and enjoys wine however I'm not a big wine drinker.  In speaking with the Owner, I mentioned that I like wines that are more light and with a hint of fruit.   He told me that I might want to try a beer that they have.....Framboise Lambic...  It's a Belgian framboise beer  (malt beverage with raspberries added).    I'm not a big beer drinker either but I thought...why not try it.    I'm glad I did because it was really good!    Not like drinking a beer at all.   It didn't have that strong beer taste....was light and had a very strong raspberry flavor.     I would definitely recommend you stop in and check it out!   KubaCigars is not just a cigar lounge.  They have a nice selection of wine, beer, and some other assorted beverages.  They have live entertainment weekly and the staff is so friendly and helpful.    You also have the option of sitting indoor or outdoor  (for those that might not like the smell of cigars)
And another five stars on top of that! We stopped in as my future s.i.l. highly suggested a stop in. Mad points for my future s.i.l! There's really so much to say and so little time but one thing...ok maybe two, I am now officially hooked on a cigar. I mean like I only came to cigar places with people who like cigars and just tolerated the experience and always left a little pissed as now I had to wash my hair. But not any more thanks to Jonathan. Careful ladies, he will have you hooked in no time. Now the second thing was the wine. A lovely little pinot noir...I really wish this place was within walking distance.
Great place to get cigars and a drink. Jonathan Chateau, the proprietor, was very knowledgeable in cigars, wine and beer. If you are able to get out there on Davis Island this cigar bar is a must. Some weekends they have live music ranging from acoustic to blues.  If you enjoy having a smoke, meeting new friends, and  great cigars then be sure to check this place out. Highly recommend it.
Really worth more than 3 stars but not 4 as I'm no longer totally addicted to nicotine. Thinking about it I've never really been a big fan of Cigar Bars maybe certain 18 year old Scottish delicacies that are served at some locations and probably that's why I visited. So if you do like some hand rolled stogies and want to kick back with a glass of wine or a beer or both it's a good stop and perhaps even a destination.
Its in a nice location great family plaza but the store itself SUCKED! I hate to say that but it had absolutely nothing at all my man walked out of there with two little cheap cigars and no light. They had regular crappy lights and no torch lighters. I can't continue on bashing this place so im done.
Exceptional staff, knowledgeable in cigars, and wines. I had the pleasure of enjoying a great hand rolled, and a couple of glasses of a spectacular ruby port..  Small, yet comfortable establishment. Clean, reasonable, comfy seating and the kinda place you would expect to hear"NORM!!" as you enter..very much enjoyed my visit.
This is a great place for a glass of wine or a beer even if you are not a cigar smoker.  My husband enjoys the cigars, but I go for the atmosphere which is always friendly.  They offer a nice selection of wine and craft beers.  We live in the DAvis Island  neighborhood and it is a frequent hang-out for other "locals."  They have a few tables outside on the "strip" if you are looking for an urban "al fresco" experience, but they also offer several comfortable seating areas inside with large comfy leather chairs and two large flat panel televisions.  And if you are craving a "pub" experience you can sit at the bar and join in with the "regulars."  They also have a selection of wine for purchase at very reasonable prices.  If you are on Davis Island and don't want to buy your wine at the 7-11 or the Handy Dan, this is the place to go.  Their selection of craft beers changes on a fairly regular basis.  Although I am primarily a wine drinker, I have tried several of the beers on occasion and was not disappointed.  There are several different people who tend the bar from time to time, and they are all delightful.  It is a nice classy cigar bar.
