Best Italian in Tampa.  Get the spicy meatball or stop by for breakfast.  Wait staff extremely friendly and the food is unbelievable.
Nice neighborhood joint. Food is consistent. Have to try the gigantic meatball app it is awesome.  Pizza is above average. The specials are always great.
Their pizzas are really good like New York. But I was disappointed that they were out of meat & roasted vegetable anti pastas. The "new" restaurant renamed Cellini is much smaller. I probably will return as their pizzas are quite good. I do hope that the next time they have available what is advertised.
Great Pizza! Good bar, authentic Italian bakery with amazing breads and deserts. Pretty good house wines and good prices for the portions. This place had recently been upgraded and they aim to please.
Service has been disappointing on 2 separate occasions. First time was accused of not leaving a tip when 25% was left on a group of 8. Wine was constantly refilled but pregnant woman's water virtually ignored. Now refused to allow me to use a groupon to order food and wine then bring home an entree to wife who is unable to leave house for medical reasons. Food has always been good but don't expect to be treated with dignity.
We went to lunch here on a weekday, on my husband's lunch hour. The service is VERY FRIENDLY, but not the fastest. We did not make it in and out in a timely fashion for an office lunch break. And it's not like the place was that busy. He ordered the stromboli and I ordered a salad. When the food came out, they brought a calzone....so that's one reason why it took longer than it should have. (Though, the strombolis and calzones are pre made, so the fact it took so long for the mistaken calzone to reach our table is a little bewildering.) I ordered the basic tossed salad. For $7.50 I was very disappointed. One, The portion was not worth $7.50. And two, for basic Romain lettuce, tomatoes, olives and a few croutons, you think they can add in some provolone or mozzarella cheese or even some rolls or bread. I did ask our server to bring some rolls or bread, and he did so. The Italian bread turned out to be very nice. My husband's Stromboli was delicious. And that in itself is a reason to return. But generally speaking, I don't feel the need to rush back.
This restaurant is excellent. Best pizza in town. The Penne Romane (I add mushrooms) is to die for. They always have wonderful specials and the tomatoes with bread as a complimentary "first course" is a nice touch. They DO NOT smother everything in red sauce as one reviewer mentioned, that is totally inaccurate. Friendly, neighborhood staff, nice ambience. One of our faves.
Pasta Fagioli is AWESOME!!!  So is the Sicilian Pizza.  Just like they make it in Connecticut.  Nice Job!!!
Favorite Italian restaurant in Tampa. Have been searching for authentic Italian for eight years and finally found it! Owners and staff are very friendly. Incredible food and atmosphere. All our friends we have brought over to experience the restaurant have raved about their food. An absolute MUST in Tampa!
Just ok, salty and everything is covered in red sauce. Will only go back for the pizza and happy hour.
Went there on Tuesday for the first time, food was mediocre and prices high. $88 for dinner for 4. Felt like I walked into a cici's pizza, very poor ambiance. Would go back just to try the pizza but would prolly do carry out. Credit card reader was attached to a smart phone, first time I've used one of those.
Much improved from Cellini's.  A bit salty if you use too much of the parmigiano reggiano cheese since it's a saltier cheese than regular Parmesan, ask for it on the side and off the pizza as they put it on the sauce.  Customer service is excellent, interesting music, food is evolving.  I'm eager to see what they do with their new bakery opening soon as they've decided to divide up the restaurant.  Try out the pesto spaghetti, it's delicious!
Too bad.  Ordered 2 pizzas and a salad for pickup.  The first, The Old Fashion, was listed as having mozzarella, fresh tomato and basil.  Got it home:  the basil was dried, crushed basil, ala Mccormick, dumped in piles-not fresh as we had expected. When you bite into it, it tastes powdery and the top of the little piles were singed. The second pizza was a basic that we added toppings to.  As we went down the list of toppings, they were out of the ones we wanted, so we chose others-fine.  We asked for capers, sundried tomatoes and roasted peppers.  When we got home, the peppers were green bell peppers, not the red roasted we thought we were getting.  I guess if you don't want to be disappointed, you should be very specific, but at the price for "special" toppings, didn't think this would be what they would be using.   The pizza had great crust and cheese, but the quality of the toppings just doesn't cut it.  Should be said-VERY nice and friendly staff.
Great food. Have lunch there often. Best paninis I've had. Try the chicken portobello ...it's amazing. they make all their bread home made... you can really taste the freshness. also the fresh seafood pasta on special is fantastic ! I haven't made it for dinner yet but the dinner menu looks interesting as well.
