The phillys here are great. It's the kind of place that you remember when you move away. Thumbs up!
Not happy!!!  Food is indeed delicious however I was quoted 20 min for a pizza, when I arrived with 2 min to spare the pizza was still being made. The manager was extremely rude and told me that my food would be ready when it's ready. I am all about customer service and he showed no care in the world.
One star is too many for this fiasco now.  Greasy cold bland pizza...2nd time now.  Not the same Chubby's as it was.  Definitely can't handle the weekend rush on Friday nights or get an order right. Nixed off the list of places to eat.
I love Chubby's. The Steakbomb, their Philly-style sub, and the pizzas are both great, but honestly, I can get better pizza. Theirs is good, and you shouldn't hesitate to try it if you're in the mood, but it's not my favorite. The Steakbomb, however, is a different story. yeah, they charge for extras, but it's not that much for anything, and the sandwich is amazing. I love this place's food. I gotta agree with the anti-clown people though: the decor is pretty rough.
Very acceptable pizza delivery.  I ordered online, paid, and at pretty much exactly the time the website told me to expect food, it showed up. The pizza was okay but not remarkable.  I tried a cheesesteak with onions and mushrooms (and banana peppers), and it was pretty good.  The bread was nicely chewy without being annoying.
Went there for lunch with some co-workers from MacDill.  I tried the Philly Cheese steak and it was pretty decent.  The bad part was that they nickel and dime you for every topping that you want (i.e. lettuce, tomato, peppers, etc.).  It literally is just steak and cheese.  It wasn't worth the $15 for a sub and a drink.  There are too many other good places around the area that assures I will not be back.
I haven't eaten at this place since about 1998, but I'd be willing to bet their food is still as good as I remember.  They have an incredible cheesesteak sandwich called THE BOMB.  I might have to head down there this weekend for some food nostalgia. I remember their pizza as being "ok."  It's all about their subs.
Best Philly cheesesteaks ever! They give you so much beef, the cheese is always perfectly melted and the roll it's on is chewy without being tough. Also, their manicotti and baked ziti are to die for. The pasta is always cooked to perfection, the sauce is slightly sweet and there's so much melty cheese. The service is quick and the employees are friendly!
From what I have heard, Chubby's has been around for ages. Many people whom I have spoke with, absolutely love it! Well, I hate to say that I was not impressed. I almost feel guilty saying that, because people are totally gaga over this place. And with being the 1st review, I feel like I'm kicking a cute puppy. The fact is, it's nearby my house so I go once in a while out of convenience. If I had to recommend something, it would be the 4 cheese pizza. It is a bit overpriced but fills the void when needed.   Warning, if you have a fear of clowns - do not go in there! I was a bit shocked when I first walked in - every creepy type of clown was peering their beady eyes at me from all directions! I have never had bad service or cold food, so please, don't let me sway you in any direction, try it for yourself.
I make sure to visit Chubby's every time I visit Tampa. I'm a big fan of the steak bomb and the pizza. Great value with good food at good prices. The place is also very clean with a comfortable setting for dining there or to go.
Pretty good pizza. It's got good flavor in the sauce but the pizza could use a little extra sauce on it. Friendly staff and small place with very simple setting. I like small local places like this.
Over priced, over rated. Wouldn't take the voucher off my phone and wouldn't give me my military discount. Plus, just not that good.
Today I went there and ordered a foot long combo sub (half meatballs, half sausage). It came out really well. The bread was perfectly toasted so it didn't fall apart. It had the perfect amount of sauce and cheese. The guys in there were really friendly and seemed generally pleased when I complimented them. I'm from New Jersey so I know good hot subs. This is definitely authentic. I didn't think I'd eat the whole thing, but it was so good, I had to. i had the cookies too, which were pretty good.
There's something about the combo of terrifying clown decor and bomb cheesesteaks that gets me every time. I also love the authentic NY guys that work there - last time, I told them I went WAY out of my way just to get a chubbys steak; his silence prompted me to say I thought that'd make you happy. He responded that it didn't piss him off. Ha, classic!
Favorite is the hot veggie sub.  Yummm!!!!!!!! Try the new online ordering!
We always get our pizza take-out here. Very Very Good. We sometimes get tomato topping, sometimes mushroom, sometimes spinach. I had the chicken-parm sub once. It was good but I prefer the pizza.
Great food....
