I am a big fan of Lululemon clothing. For the longest time, I thought that spending that much money on athletic clothes was ridiculous. That was before I actually tried the clothes on. The designers really know what they are doing. Everything is designed perfectly for women's shapes, and has pockets everywhere! Their running skirts are amazing - they have no slip shorts underneath that really don't slip - seriously! They have really cute tanks that you can wear to run in, practice yoga, or just bop around town. Their sizing is a bit strange though. I wear a 2 to 4 in street clothes, and a small in most workout clothes, but that translates into a size 6 at Lululemon. Just beware in case you are buying for someone else (or yourself). The staff is so friendly and honestly tells me what looks good and what doesn't look good. They have FREE yoga on Saturdays, along with a running group on Mondays (everyone should come!), and are starting Sunday classes as well coming in September! The store is more of a community than a retail store. They foster health and well being, and really connect people throughout the community! Just stop into the store for sure!
Love the clothes at Lululemon, but hate the prices! Lululemon is a splurge for me.  I usually don't spend $80+ on a pair of yoga pants, but damn does their yoga pants make a butt look great!  The clothes are not only well made, but they are super functional, very innovative, and they fit amazingly well.  Their sports bras and tank tops are some of the cutest exercise gear you will find. I usually make a beeline for the clearance rack and keep my eye on my email for store sale announcements because no matter how fabulous their workout gear is I loathe paying full price!  The employees are always super helpful here and never pushy. This store location offers free weekly yoga and boot camp classes as well as a running club so check out their calendar for events!
I always love stopping in here when I'm in Hyde Park to check out the new gear. The staff is always friendly, goes over the variety of items they have, and offers help in any way you need. The workout attire is so cute and I love to treat myself every once in a while. I give 4 stars only because I still think they're overpriced for what they're offering. Sorry.
I am a die-hard Lulu fanatic so when traveling to Florida, I had to check out this store. I was hoping they might have some different items/colors than my local San Diego stores. Of course, I vowed to not buy anything. Since I managed to pack a week's worth of outfits (Lulu included, of course) into one carry-on, this ensured my compliance. However, I was really excited to take my FL friend, as she had never been to a Lululemon store. I wish the staff had been more attentive to my friend with the sizing since it was her first time trying on the clothes. Unfortunately, they seemed more wrapped up in their own conversations. They were all very nice ladies though. When we directly asked for something, they were helpful, with one exception: I noticed that their sale items were intermingled with the regularly priced items. Now, just because I "heart" Lulu doesn't mean I'm going to buy a full price item when there's a perfectly good sale item to be had! So, when I asked where the sale items were, the girl said coyly, "Well, we like you to be surprised." Seriously? You want me to be surprised? Or do you want me to run around the store looking for sale items like an idiot? I was not amused :/ I love my SD stores because you know what? They put all their sale items together. In one area. On one rack. So you can easily find them. And then you know what happens? The customer is satisfied. And in the end, THAT is what it's supposed to be all about! To phrase my criticism constructively: The clothes are great, but this store needs a little more customer service training.
The staff here at Lulu is absolutely amazing.  Every time I shop here, I feel like I'm hanging out chatting with my girl friends.  Everyone is so friendly and extremely helpful.   I have always been a fan of their yoga clothes line, but have just recently fallen in love with their runner specific items.  The Run Inspire Crops are one of my favorite items.  These particular pants are loaded with pockets perfect for runners and it fits like a glove.  I also adore the running skirts.  They are fun and sporty with shorts sewn in with a no-ride strip that keeps the shorts from riding up.   I just got a duffel bag for Christmas and it's loaded with compartments with zippers and pockets all over.  There's even a slot for my yoga mat.   Even though the price is on the steep side, I can attest that these items are durable and worth the money.  I run 3-4 times a week and all my Lululemon clothing has lasted for years.
Obsession would be an understatement. Lululemon is my most favorite store in all of tampa bay! I spend way to much money there but for some reason it always seems worth it. The staff is super friendly/helpful and always tells me what looks good and what doesn't look good. They have FREE yoga on Saturdays (AWESOME), along with a FREE running group, and an occasional FREE bootcamp class! I can see why some people do not like Lululemon. If you are bigger chested/wear bigger sizes in general then I think shopping there would be a nightmare. It's also pricey for workout clothes but if you're like me and spend the majority of your 24 hours each day in workout clothes it's worth it :) This particular store has a great set up, is active on Facebook, sends out weekly emails, gets new merchandise each week, and is always finding a way to get me involved in the community and get me in the store. LOVE.
As I get ready to start running again, I have been looking at running shops all over town. I first visited a Lululemon store in Santa Monica, CA and loved it! I have gone into the Hyde Park location a few times and always find customer service to be outstanding and helpful. Great addition to Hyde Park and a must for all runners.
Free yoga class on Sunday mornings is wonderful! Turbo yoga so not for the faint of heart but definitely worth getting out of bed for.
Okay I will say that there clothes are pretty highly priced here, but I will also say that they are well made, and I have owned a pair of their shorts and sweatpants now for going on 5 years. Super comfortable, cut well, and well made. The store is open and spacious, and they let me bring my dog in, which was totally awesome. They have yoga classes here to I believe, but I have not been to one yet. The staff are all amazing, helpful and super friendly. If you're into athletic wear that won't let you down, then try Lululemon.
What can I say about lululemon that hasn't already been said? I'm obsessed with the place. It's like crack for runners and yogis. The cost of the clothing is high but it seriously lasts forever. The quality cannot be matched. The other good thing is that they don't make a huge run of everything so I rarely see anyone in the same outfit as me. That's a plus in my book. If you work out more than 3 times per work - the cost is absolutely worth it. The quality is second to none. I love lululuemon.
