I guess this location is alright. They've got some good designer names here at a somewhat less expensive price. I did buy a great plaid shirt here for $5 that I probably wouldn't have been able to find anywhere else since it's truly a vintage piece, but I get the feeling those types don't come around too often! I've never done a trade-in but hear it can be sort of difficult. Sunshine Thrift is right around the corner if you're looking for a true "thrift" experience.
They don't have too many new options. I brought a basically brand new bag of clothes and got 3.60$ for 2 things. The employees were very rude. One was eating cake while the other one took care of us. She knew we were standing there just waiting for her to finish and instead waited for us to notice that she wrote our names on the board (hello we were standing right there, you should have just told us we were done). When she told us that nothing was being taken really, we couldn't even understand the reason. I would rather just donate it all than have to deal with someone like that. Definitely never coming back.
Horrible they stole my clothes ! Had bebe dresses and shirts abd they said couldn't find a few of them --the employee  girl took them for herself stealing redneck trash Dirty items for sale not worth the time or money
We brought clothes in to sell back and waited about 5 minutes in the South Tampa location. When we came back to see if any items were accepted, the staff person said they will take 5 items for $13.00. My concern here is how the staff are coming up with these numbers. There were several shirts in the store that were similar name brands to the ones we were trying to sell, that were priced anywhere from $10-15 each. I understand there is overhead to cover like electricity, wages, etc., but where is the logic here? Offering $13.00 for 5 items (essentially $2-3 each), and then selling those items for $10 each? That is an extreme rip-off that I cannot understand. What especially made me upset was one of the shirts we sold back was an Abercrombie shirt that still had the $60 tag on it! When I inquired with the store manager about it, she claimed "Generally you get 30-40% of what we will sell the items for and our prices are about 50-70% off the original retail price". Unfortunately the math still doesn't add up to me.... We brought in a $60 Abercrombie Shirt that was unused with the tag still attached. 50% of that would be $30, and 30% of that would equal $9. That would mean the 4 other items they bought back from us averaged about .80 cents a piece, since our ending total was $13.00. Poor customer service.
This is seriously cool people! I brought in bags of clothes, shoes and jewelry that I no longer wanted, they gave me cash money for it - which I then spent on my new threads. I got 'gently' used Hudson jeans and 2 cute tops for $26.00!!!! The store was clean and well organized. Everything is separated into type and then color. Some of this stuff still had tags on it! I am definitely going to go there first before I buy something at full price. Thrifty Thriver - 1 Sir Marks Up A Lot - 0
Worst service ever!!! My friend brought her brand name clothes in to get a few bucks and as we waited for one of the employees to look at her clothes all he kept doing was making little smart remarks like " who would wear this, oh my god your this size?, eww gross top" like seriously who does that its just unprofessional and rude and he didn't give her money for any of her items because he said "they weren't his style" RIDICULOUS
I'll admit when this Plato's Closet first moved to its current location I wasn't feeling it all. Glad I gave it a second chance. Ive nabbed some great finds here. And seeing how its located right next door to Burlington Coat Factory and across the street from Marshall's, its in a perfect location for ballin' on a budget shopping.
