Great movies   great cake real butter on popcorn And an art gallery. The only thing that could improve it is a liquor license
This is one of the best theaters Albany has to offer. They show a variety of films, some of which are mainstream and others of which are a little more unusual. If there's a movie you want to see and the mall theaters don't have it, definitely give Spectrum a try. There's an awesome snack bar with movie standbys like popcorn and candy, but also baked goods and tea! Everything from the tickets to the concession stand is extremely reasonably priced, and it has that great old-timey theater atmosphere. Is it modern? Not especially, but that's part of its ambience and charm. Definitely check it out!
Here's what you do: Stop by your run-down neighborhood black bagger - grab a couple of OE 40's, a handful of 25 cent airheads, and a few extra-long beef sticks - and head on over to the Spectrum with your newly acquired St. Rose friend from Connecticut that you met at the dog park (there is ample parking in the back lot and bike posts out front). Worried about the TSA-styled strip search found at most mega theaters? Don't. Confidently (or googly-eyed, if previously mentioned date has a Mini-schnauzer/basset hound mix) walk up to counter with your goodies in hand, purchase your late-90's-priced movie stubs, and head into the theater that is playing the ripest tomato out. Pick your seat, crack open your 40, and enjoy your new favorite Jacques Audiard French flick. It's easy keeping it gangster at The Spectrum.
Spectrum 8 is a great theater to find those lesser known flicks, or to get away from the packed theaters that you normally find in a mall. Prices may have increased since some reviews I just read about the theater, as the adult price for an evening movie is $10. This is still a few dollars cheaper than what I am used to paying at other theaters. The other reviews had me most excited for what I assumed to be a bakery/concession stand. Honestly, it was more a typical concession stand that had a few cakes in the display window above the candy - as opposed to the rotating carousel of confectionery delights that I was envisioning (my fault for assuming). Nonetheless, it's still a pretty novel concept that you can eat a slice of cake in the theater that you bought at the concession stand (instead of hiding it in a huge over-sized purse :). I opted for the nut brownie, which at $2.75 was reasonably priced and large enough for sharing. It was moist, rich and delicious. My only critique is that I'm pretty sure it was not baked on site - but I guess that isn't the biggest deal. The theaters are tiny and the seats are a bit dated, but they were cozy enough to keep me comfortable during my 2 hour movie. The only problems I encountered during the movie was the old couple behind me who brought a dying/beeping cell phone into the theater. Half way through the movie they finally realized they were the ones causing the disruption, and had a conversation about how to work the phone to turn it off. Aside from that experience, I have no complaints about Spectrum 8 (and the old couple is not the theaters fault). Definitely worth a look if you're in the area.
A movie theater is a movie theater, right? They're pretty standardized nowadays? WRONG. This movie theater is awesome. It's old and a little run down, but whatever. The staff is super friendly and nice and they have CHOCOLATE CAKE in the concession area. Chocolate cake. At the movies. Can you imagine !? I couldn't until I saw it with my very own eyes. If I could give them a sixth star, I would. The seating is comfortable although perhaps not as plush as some of the newer megaplexes. The seating isn't exactly stadium-style, so don't sit behind anyone really tall. And based on my experience, avoid sitting near old people because they will talk to each other and then one will fall asleep and snore at you while you try to figure out who is snoring so you can wake them up. (Obviously the theater itself had nothing to do with these old people and their bad manners. It was just my bad luck!)
Came here to see "All is Lost", great movie. Snack bar was great, love their homemade brownie. Coffee was great too. Will definitely come back more often :)
Love this place!! I'm a regular here. They have uncommon movies, foreign films, and most of the well respected mainstream films also.   They do interesting one - time events, like concert films, opera and ballet, off - the - radar documentaries, well reviewed local productions like The Graveyard, and will even have some directors come to do Q&A's from time to time.   Real butter popcorn, GOOD tea, and local baked goods - vegan, gluten-free, or just excellent standbys like amazing carrot cake and other goodies at the snack bar.  A socially conscious local theater that delivers a full cinematic experience. I am a loyal customer here, so I have some definite bias.  However, my one complaint is significant, at least for me: uncomfortable seating.  I hope someday they renovate somehow to make this better.  It's not awful, but I'm 6'1".  I just know I'll be shifting a lot whenever I go. Otherwise I consider the Spectrum to be a local treasure; I feel good spending my money here.
Great little theater. Tickets are cheap, only thing they could improve on are the seats.
Dude. I would come here just for their snack bar. But they have cool movies too, so I guess I'll see a movie while I eat my delicious brownie. Love the interior, the location is great too if you want to go to one of the cool restaurants on this little strip of Delaware and then see a movie. I love that they show movies and documentaries that will not be shown anywhere else. Definite Albany treasure.
I live near this theatre and have been going there for years. It has great prices, great movie selection, a snack bar full of homemade treats, and caters to a crowd that does not include teenagers who want to make out during Twilight (Not that I've seen any of the Twilight movies, but that's my impression of movie theatres inside malls). Plus after the Oscars they play a lot of the winning movies. It's not the newest looking place and veers on dingy, but in my opinion it adds to the charm. I love it.
I've been here a number of times and always enjoy it. It has a real "authentic" old-school cinema feel which is really lost on the larger big box theaters. Its nice to have a cozy feel that evokes nostalgic feelings of childhood movie-going experiences (not that i am that old....) And as everyone said, its locally owned! Fight the man, support locally owned businesses!
My dissenting opinion is relatively minor.  And I am going to hold the theater accountable to its patrons.  Which is likely unfair.   After seeing a wonderful and thought provoking movie, that did not have a tidy hollywood ending where everything wraps up neatly in the end, there was audible dissatisfaction from the majority of the audience.  It's just a pet peeve of mine.  I would like people to try and think.  And I love movies that avoid hitting the audience over the head multiple times with the blunt instrument of its message/meaning/plot. People.  It's not the movie.  It's you.   There.  Whew.  I said it.  Feeling much better. That said, everything else was good. Parking, ticket prices, show times, concession stand treats, toilets, pre-show ads.  And I appreciate it's not a chain. And wow, they apparently offer to hold your cell phone, answer it, and if it's truly an emergency, page you in the theater.  That's a serious commitment to getting phones silenced.  All the same, one rang during the movie, even though there were only about a dozen people there.  Peh. On a side note, while I was waiting for the show to begin, I saw an ad for Northeastern Fine Jewelry.  And that made me chuckle.
Oh, Spectrum 8, how do I love thee? I love you more than any other movie theater I've ever been to, pretty much ever. Your large parking lot. Your selection of independent and main stream movies, your popcorn with real butter, clean bathrooms...what is not to love? And all the more lovable considering there are no other independent movie theaters from Albany to Saratoga that show more than one movie at a time.
If you're a typical suburbanite whose idea of going to the movies is to worship in some big metroplex in a mall, the Spectrum 8 will seem like a strange and foreign place. First of all, the whole experience will be significantly cheaper. The metroplexes pay outrageous rents, so everything you buy from tickets to concession items will be at a premium price, compared to what you experience at the Spectrum. Second, at the metroplexes you get to pay again by being forced to watch endless commercials at earsplitting volume before the movie starts. Has it ever occurred to anyone that if the entire theatre stood up at once and hurled their mega-size cokes and popcorn containers at the projection windows, and kept doing it at every show. that these idiots would stop showing the mind-numbing commercials? But I digress -- at the Spectrum, there will be a few commercials too. But most of them will actually be for movies you find interesting -- assuming you're not looking for the latest moronic superhero turned robot (or is it robot turned superhero?) fare that passes as "cinema" for most Americans these days. Which brings me to my third and final point -- the spectrum really isn't "art cinema" as the term is used in New York or LA. But it's the closest thing we have, and as such is to be respected and nurtured. The typical movie shown at the Spectrum, compared to the typical movie shown at a megaplex, is like the difference between a bowl of candy and a satisfying three-course meal with dessert. In short, do your brain and your wallet a favor and try the Spectrum next time you want to see a movie. It's the healthy choice for a healthy mind.
It reminds me of my college days in Brockport where we had The Strand and people would actually smoke up in there during the movies, only no one does that at Spectrum.   Real butter for the popcorn Homemade Brownies and Cookies Slightly cheaper ticket prices And they honored coupons for free tickets from 2 years ago.   Me likey.
The first time I came here was to see "Howl's Moving Castle" and I've been in love ever since.  Who doesn't love the Spectrum?  As Lai-Yee mentioned, *REAL MELTED BUTTER*.  Still not good for you, but not as bad for you!  Snack selection is much more "adult" (for lack of a better word), as is their movie selection.   Also, great location!  Spectrum + Ultraviolet Cafe + New World Bistro = Trifecta of Awesome.
We started going to this theater for the following reasons: 1) Independently owned and operated 2) Showing both mainstream and independent films which rotate regularly. Also shows "Special Event" films (i.e. "The Kitchen") 3)  Audience appreciates the ambiance and respectfully lets you enjoy the film unlike your mall crowds; no coughers or kickers! 4)  Large parking lot with quick access in and out. 5)  Employees are friendly and knowledgeable. 6)  Inexpensive tickets and snack bar. 7)  Close to independent restaurants, bars, and eateries. Why do we still continue to go regularly? 1)Same Reasons!!!
One of my friends, who is also from my hometown, tells me that the Spectrum is *the* place to go in Albany if you want to see independent films. I'll just get this out of the way now, but this is where I have to dock a star. I give them MAJOR ENORMOUS props for being an independent theater, and I give them even more kudos for affordable concessions and large, comfy seats. But it really was sort of a downer to see quality films like Moon and Food Inc. on the marquee along with mainstream atrocities like Whip It and The Invention of Lying. I really, really, really, really, really wish that they'd take the notion of independent theater and really just run with it. But then again, I suppose you have to consider your audience. Tonight, I went to the premiere of "Against the Current," which was simply a haunting and brilliant film that was filmed down the Hudson. My friend and I were first shocked at the amount of elderly there (no offense), and then mortified by the kinds of questions they asked the director during Q&A ("This movie made me SO angry!", "But the bridges weren't in order!", "There was happy music at the end!", and the kicker, "Who was the actor driving the police boat?" only to find out that the guy was sitting right next to her, to which then everyone applauded his 10-second performance). I cannot judge a movie theater on perhaps its penchant for incredibly ignorant and uncomfortable Q&A sessions, but it does help me understand why they may not do independent exclusively...because people just don't "get it." /end rant In any case, the theater itself is very charming, and like I said, totally comfy unless you sit next to someone who insists on constantly jabbing you in the stomach with his elbow. The best part? There's a ton of parking in back. That's enough to make me a regular. At this point, I feel like I need to appreciate anything and everything in Albany that is not chain or mega-corporation, and on that stipulation alone, I will totally support and patronize the Spectrum. However, it would be excessively cool if more people "understood" that independent films don't always translate to happy endings, but instead often spur discussion through social commentary. And that's when you can head nextdoor to the Ultraviolet to chat over some espresso.....
The Spectrum will receive the coveted fifth star when it begins offering its suburban patrons a Remedial Parallel Parking in an Urban Environment class. Living in the neighborhood, those patrons who choose to park on residential streets despite the ample parking provided by the Spectrum are amusing to watch as they clip side view mirrors and furtively scuttle from and to their cars, locking their doors as they leave this terribly dangerous no-man's land where no Manolo Blahnik-shod saint will ever dare to tread.
Great local theater, cheap prices (tickets and concessions), rarely crowded, great Tuesday deals (All prices $7.50) What more could one want from their cinema?
The best theater for 30 years running...nothing like an authentic movie theater, independent from the world of chain movie theaters... Popcorn, teas, and cakes....and cafes, restaurants and an ice cream parlor a few steps away.... Best night out in Albany! Delaware Ave!
Ahh, I love The Spectrum! It's definitely the best place to see a movie in the Capital Region. It's more affordable than the mall, especially if you go for a matinee or on Tuesday, when all seats are like $7.25, I think. They have great snacks, too--not just candy. You can get tasty cheesecake,carrot cake and other delectable treats which change almost daily. Another thing is that they play independent and foreign films, and I don't think there are any other places in Albany that regularly do that. Of course you can see some mainstream, popular movies too--but you can typically bypass the annoying SUNY Albany kids that are drunk and screaming, like at *cough* Crossgates. The crowd is usually pretty low key and respectful here, which makes watching the movie POSSIBLE, and enjoyable, ha. If you enjoy coffee, head over to Ultraviolet Cafe before the film and snag a caramel latte. You can thank me later. ;o)
I love going to this theater, besides helping out a local business you can get fresh coffee, and a slice of cake with your movie? popcorn with REAL butter? a frozen fruit bar? yes please. While the prices for the concession are standard movie theater prices you get to enjoy it in a more comfortable seat, with a lot fewer people and a much better view. I enjoy that I can go to this theater right before a movie starts and not be concerned about seating. I also appreciate that if I do manage to get there with extra time that I can see flyers about local business that I may want to check out on the screen.  You can't beat this movie going experience. Or the coffee next door that they are affiliated with that you can bring into the theater. bonus.
Dear Spectrum:  You are the only movie theater for me.  They only take cash, but there is an ATM right there in the lobby.  Talk about convenience! Oh, and speaking of the lobby, there's a concession stand with real food?  Like, brownies and super buttery popcorn?  I didn't even know that happened anymore. Tuesday nights are a boon at $7 per ticket.  I was going pretty regularly until there was a good-quality-movie drought...thankfully my interest is building again so I'll probably be making it a ritual again shortly. Even if I don't catch a Tuesday or matinee show, I don't regret paying the extra bucks to support a local business.  I want them to stick around.  I want to see more movies.  And I want that punchable prepaid card for Christmas.
such a wonderful part of the local flora and fauna. It has been here for a very long time and has not stopped being the excellent place i have heard that it always was (i spoke to some old timers that used to go here on dates for a dime. so sweet.). they offer a wonderful selection of movies, the best of mainstream, some really great independent flicks, foreign films, political commentary and other such entertaining items. and to accompany your entertainment is a lovely selection of yummy deserts, fresh popcorn with REAL butter and fresh hot coffee (and you can bring stuff in from the ultraviolet cafe as well if you like) and of course the required candy.  the theater sizes are small but still great sound and comfy seats. and the prices are Much lower than the bigger theater they even have stuff to offer for kids quite often other than the awful canned pictures that are being shoved down their throats on tv. we saw Princess Mononoke and Spirited Away here as well as The Triplets of Belleville. I love this place.
This is the place for indie movies and some mainstream selections.   Quirky theater, quirky concessions (where else can you get a slice of cake or a vegan cookie in a movie theater?), & a quirky atmosphere.   Employees are happy and cheerful.  You always feel welcome.
Support your local art house! This theater shows films that some much larger cities never get a chance to see.  If you see a film here, you are seeing a carefully chosen selection, and in what is probably a limited release. The films are the stars here, but convenient parking, a nice lobby,  home-baked concession stand items, popcorn with real butter and first class projection and sound complete the experience.  I see a film or two every visit back to Albany and I am always delighted with the collection at the Spectrum. Make no mistake about it--this sort of theater is a rare commodity.  Please support them by seeing all the movies you can here, even the big mainstream releases.  That way, they can afford to keep showing the small, independent limited release films that make the  Spectrum what it is--a cinephile's delight.
I went to the spectrum recent;y to see slum-dog millionaire. I haven't been to any movie theater in at least 3 years. The last time I went was also to the spectrum, to see broke-back mountain. I'm the type of person who enjoys watching movies in the comfort of my own home. I just wait until it comes out on DVD. I think many people are like this. So, on the rare occasion that we do decide to venture out for a movie, it has to be a good experience. Spectrums sound is always great. I love their theater sound. The price was fair at $6.75 for an evening show. Their seats are old and uncomfortable. The drink holders are on the seat in front of you so each time you want a drink you have to lean forward, drink, lean forward again to put it back in the holder. That's annoying. Now to my biggest complaint... tonight the viewing room (theater 7 to be exact) smelled like 10,000 stinky feet coupled with stale perfume, faded cologne and peoples breath. I swear I could smell the breath of patrons from 3 or 4 shows ago. You walk through the door into the theater and get smacked with the stale smelly air like a sledgehammer to the head. About 30 minutes into the movie I walked out and asked the concession workers if they could turn on some ventilation in that theater. Surprisingly, they did but it was far too late as the smell just hung in the air. I would think the workers would realize how bad the theaters stink and turn on the ventilation BEFORE people have to complain. A day or 2 later I ended up with a pretty severe cold. I almost never get colds! I attribute it to the Spectrums lack of ventilation. They really need to hire an upholstery cleaning service to come in and clean all the old cloth seats, the walls and someone else to clean the floors. Sanitize the place so it smells clean. And, please leave the ventilation on ALL THE TIME. These kinds of annoyances are why most people just stay home to watch movies. I probably won't venture back to the movie theater for another 3 years. I know I'm not missing anything... except seeing the newest movies right when they are released. Big deal! Pros: Cool flicks u don't get anywhere else, quaint atmosphere, CHEAP TIX, not crowded, attentive staff, easy parking Cons: SMELLY! SMELLY! SMELLY! The whole just place feels old. Lack of ventilation
Spectrum 8 is the best place to see a movie in the capital region! Great price on movie tickets! And they have a wonderful snack bar, you can get homemade cookies and desserts besides the popcorn and drinks. Great place to see an independent or foreign film, as well as a blockbuster film too.   TIP: Bring cash, they dont take debit/credit cards
Great local movie theatre. Small, intimate, great movies that are hard to find other places...but they still show Harry Potter. I also enjoy eating cake and drinking tea during a movie.
I love this place! They have movies that aren't mainstream, concerts, and foreign films, but also some of the bigger hits too so it's the perfect spot for date night!
I'm going to have to agree with the majority on this one -- the Spectrum 8 on Delaware Ave is by far the best movie theatre in the area. Kitchy pre-movie slideshow ads for local businesses, a wonderful snack bar, and a decent variety of independent, foreign, and Hollywood movies make the Spectrum the theatre to beat.
This is one of the best vintage theaters in the area. The selection of movies is vast and wonderful with a mix of indie and mainstream, you'll most likely find your niche genre here. Tickets are reasonably priced as usual and you can definitely feel that this is still a local spot, so the audience members are not so annoying during the film. I saw "Frances Ha," the theater was dead so it was pretty awesome. Parking is very big and spacious, the area is not too sketchy during the evening. This is a great theater to swing by for a movie night.
Hands down, my fave spot to catch a flick in Albany. Since it's an indie-movie theatre, it's always showing some faboo foreign and/or small release films. Went there last week, and saw Choke. I don't know if any of you are familiar with Chuck Palaniuk's work (Fight Club), but this movie was TWISTED. It was good times. Only place in the area to catch a film like this. Their prices are a couple bucks cheaper than corporate movie theatres, which is word in my book. They have a cute little concession stand that even sells pastries. So clutch. Makes me warm inside. Side note: They do show a wide variety of films, not just indies. So you can catch whichever hot blockbuster is owning the big screen at the time.
I am spoiled by this place...hate going to a chain theater in a mall now! Why do I love this place? Let's see... Independently owned and operated. Your money stays local. Great mix of both indie and mainstream movies. Concession prices...popcorn price is reasonable and they put REAL butter on the popcorn. For something different, concession stand offers home baked goods, tea and coffee. Friendly staff. Huge well lit parking lot in back. Theater owns the terrific Ultraviolet Cafe next door (and yes, you can get your panini to go and eat it at the movies). In short: just go...the comparison between The Spectrum and a chain theater will spoil you too!
REAL melted butter! Need I say more? Also, the crowd is generally really polite and you don't have to worry about  people talking during the movie.
As far as I am concerned, the Spectrum is the ideal local business. I grew up around the corner from the Spectrum, and so I remember when it was just the Spectrum 7, before Ultraviolet and before Delaware Avenue began its now-nascent revitalization.  It has been a bulwark of the neighborhood for as long as I remember.  It's a treasure. The popcorn is delicious, and the chocolate cake is, too.  You can't ask for a better spread for movie food.  Ticket prices are reasonable, and the theater itself is charming.  I'm particularly fond of the upstairs Ladies' restroom.  Check it out.
The Spectrum is a wonderful, reasonably priced, adorable indie movie theater. It's been around forever, but has maintained its locally-owned charm. The concessions are reasonably priced and their fresh baked goods are to-die-for. The chocolate mint brownie hopefully still exists (we always got them when we came to the movies in high school)... so try it if they have it! Friendly staff.
The Spectrum will always have a special place in my heart, and the place I go for films every time I'm home. Chocolate mint brownies. You won't be disappointed.
Of all the Cap Reg theaters, this one has the best perks.  You can bring your food from next door at UV, the screens are nice and you save cash by not going to the mall.  Win-Win-Win! Tip:  Don't bother circling for parking because they offer patron only parking in the rear.
I like Spectrum because it is a cute local business and you can see movies here that you can't necessarily see at the mall. It's not a chain (as has been mentioned) and the prices are a little cheaper than the mall theaters which is something we ALL need. You do have to bring cash tho! I got to see Synecdoche, NY there today and eat a piece of carrot cake while doing so. So freaking cute. The carrot cake was really good (tho the frosting was a bit too sweet) as was the popcorn. The downside is going to be that the theaters are pretty small and the seats aren't perfect. Other than that it's a great little theater to go to see that movie you can't catch anywhere else in the area. Plus, who doesn't love the old movie house style of the exterior and the lobby area where you can hang out beforehand? Adorable.
Yes, it's the best movie theater in Albany. But it's essentially the only "arthouse" theater in the area, so to get the point across a bit more needs to be said about this diamond in the rough. It used to have a bit more challenging programming, but its vibe and look still compares to classic hip theaters in NYC like Cinema Village or The Quad. Next time you have the impulse for a night out at the movies, blow off Crossgates and go to The Spectrum.
100% awesome arthouse theatre.  Even the customers are awesome. Real butter on the popcorn! The first movie I saw at the Spectrum was an anniversary viewing of The Godfather.  Sweet.
We really only go to movies in two theaters -- the Spectrum in Albany and Sundance in Madison, WI. They both have the best movies and popcorn. The audiences are also great ... they generally know film and keep quiet. The Spectrum is not perfect, it is just so much better than the competition. They do not show enough off beat movies any more. I can recall a time when we had only seen foreign language films for months at a time. That does not happen anymore. They also do not consistently have good vegan desserts, although those are better at the moment.
Prices are better than the Regal chains.  They tend to have more independent films as well.
My mom and I recently discovered Spectrum 8 Theaters and I am glad we did. This theater plays a variety of mainstream movies, but the reason I really like it is because it gets a lot of the independent movies shortly after they are released, i.e. much sooner than if I waited for them to be released in my hometown (and sometimes they never are).  There is ample parking in the back of the theater, and plenty of cafes and restaurants within walking distance for a quick bite before or after the movie.  Also, the refreshments sold at the theater itself go beyond the usual candy and popcorn - the cookies that I've tried there are pretty good!  Sure beats the same old bag of Reese's Pieces that I normally get.  I don't think I have any complaints.  If Spectrum was located a little closer to home, I'd be there every weekend.
These folks do a great job balancing the commercialism necessary to keep a steady flow of movie goers coming through the door and bringing hard to find (in the capital region) films a screening.
This, to me, is the quintessential movie experience.   Old school.  Real butter popcorn.   Big release movies as well as indie-flicks.   Smaller theaters with, usually, a respectful theater crowd.  I LOVE the Spectrum!  Highly recommended
Just pure Awesome. Read the other reviews. Go here.
This theater was my and my friends' saving grace for the greater part of high school.  It's pretty much the only outlet for any sort of foreign/non-multiplex cinema in the greater Albany area.  The place has stuff pretty much a month or so after it opens in New York which isn't terrible.  Sometimes stuff comes sooner, and other times later.  The staff is nice and their concession stand has a lot of baked goods and treats that you can purchase and it won't murder your wallet.  It's also sort of nice because to recoup their lack of non-holiday movie programming, they sometimes schedule a Harry Potter-type film or something like that and you can go see it there instead of a multiplex.  The only time in the history of my seeing movies here did I ever get mad at them was they scheduled a screening of Evil Dead 2 and they said that it was a 35mm print.  Well it turned out (after I had paid my money) they were just screening a DVD.  They did the same thing a month later with a screening of Annie Hall.  My friend called them on it and a bunch of people left.   DON'T CHARGE MONEY FOR DVD SCREENINGS.
This is a FANTASTIC theater that always shows intriguing films!  They also have very clean bathrooms.  If you are interested in seeing where the cleanest public restrooms are around the Capital Region, check out my blog: bestbathroomsnys.wordpre… One of my most recent posts is on the Spectrum's bathrooms which are impeccable (both upstairs and downstairs!)...
The Spectrum is more than a movie theater, it's the fabric that ties together the Delaware Ave neighborhood.  The location is conveniently located in a walkable area well stocked with nice places to eat and grab coffee. The selection of films range from art house and world cinema to your average high grossing Hollywood blockbuster.  The team is well stocked with employees capable of talking about the movies and recommending them based on your interest.  The Spectrum delivers a cinema experience that far exceeds what you would come to expect from the mall.  Personally, some of my favorite movie theater experiences have taken place here!
I do love the Spectrum.  You don't go to the same movie theater for 9 years and not love the place unless there are no other options.  Unfortunately, they are not as awesome as they used to be. First, the loves:  I love that they play movies that you can't find anywhere else.  As a fan of documentaries and foreign films, having the Spectrum available means the opportunity to see those categories of films before they are released on DVD.  They offer a wonderful selection of films from festivals and I usually wind up having seen the majority of Oscar noms, even in some of the stranger categories (like cinematography and editing). Their prices are lower than any other first-run theater (with the possible exception of drive-ins) and Tuesday's matinee pricing all day is fantastic, and allows me to see as many movies as I do. The snack bar is excellent.  I have always loved the ability to have a piece of cake or an organic cookie and a cup of coffee.  Also the prices are reasonable for what you get and the sizes are what I grew up with.  A small soda is actually small, and a large still fits in a cup holder.  I've seen this piss a few people off, but I'm not one of them. Clean theaters and not-uncomfortable seating. Now the criticism: The quality and range of the snack bar has declined in the past few years.  They used to offer a wider variety of baked goods, but since the UV cafe opened next door, the selection is smaller.  Unfortunately, the UV does not necessarily make up for the lack of baked goods at the Spectrum.  I wish they would revisit their bakery selection and broaden it the way it used to be. The movie selection has been trending toward more mainstream movies.  This is largely not the fault of the Spectrum, but of the distributors, who require indie theaters to show a certain number of mainstream films in order to GET the indie flicks.   The ridiculously short run time of documentaries.  I know they're not particularly popular, but to see one at the Spectrum you *must* see it the week it opens because they rarely play for more than one week and almost never play for more than 2 (unless it's Michael Moore or otherwise mainstream). People have written that the patrons are better behaved here.  I have to disagree, there are just fewer people, even in the larger theaters.  The folks who do talk through the movie, generally, aren't shushed.  There is a certain level of respect and politeness, but that doesn't mean that people actually turn off their phones, refrain from texting or keep the commentary to a whisper.  Case in point, a recent movie I saw had a pair talking through the whole movie, one woman explaining what was going on to the other.  Their stage whispers were far too loud for a quiet movie like we were seeing.  No one said anything, shushed them or got an employee, but that doesn't mean that the problem wasn't happening.  So it's not that people are better behaved at the Spectrum, it's that there are so many fewer patrons that it seems like it happens less often.  Maybe it's just because I go there *every week*, but it is still a problem, it's just a different (older) demographic. All in all, while I do have some complaints, there's not a whole lot the Spectrum can do to fix most of the problems I listed above.  They do what they do incredibly well and they are one of the primary reasons that I love Albany.
Great theatre, with local, homey vibes. Cheaper than Colonie Center and the mall, and better concessions - coffee, homemade baked goods?! The movies are well picked and better than most; none of those cheap, just-like-every-other-action-movie movies. Great place for a movie after dinner on Lark Street!
This is the only place in Albany to see a decent movie and the selection is awesome.  The tickets are affordable, the popcorn comes with real butter, and the seats are comfy.  It's like they lifted a theater out of New York , NY and planted it right in Albany to keep the natives sane.
Spectrum plays a wide variety of movies while maintaining affordable ticket prices. The popcorn is also ridiculously tasty.  It almost tastes like the oil popped corn that I make at home.  Add in a creepy parking lot and I cannot find a single reason to go to crossgates instead of Spectrum to see a movie.  Unless it's a Will Smith summer action movie, then I guess I would succumb to the large theatre with stadium seating and a sound system that ensures that I'm deaf by the age of 45.
This is an easy 5 star review.  Good movies, reasonable prices, locally owned, and convenient location.  Always my 1st choice!
Went there last night for about the millionth time - I do love this place for so many reasons: The homemade banana bread (which I have even though we're going out to dinner post-movie, without fail) The option to drink TEA during a movie (even if you have to hold it due to the lack of cup holders... but I enjoy wrapping my hands around a warm cup of whatever, so not really an issue) The range of movies offered (some that are at crossgates, some that are not available anywhere else) The lovely manners of the other people there watching movies with me (no one has ever picked up their cell phone there and had a full conversation - i cannot say the same for crossgates) The friendly, unique, upbeat staff (they don't have the "dead eyes" that crossgates ticket takers have) The location (NOT at crossgates... have I mentioned I dread going to crossgates??  least favorite shopping experience in NYS... which is saying something.)
The best theater in Albany and actually the only one in the area to see foreign and independent films. The film selection is sophisticated but not esoteric, and the atmosphere is not pretentious or snooty. The popcorn is very good, but always unevenly buttered. The seats are comfortable. Most importantly, the crowd is respectful. You won't find yourself surrounded by teenie boppers using their iPhones to piss the crap out of you. They don't show pukey films like "Twilight" so the little troglodytes have no reason to show up. Thank god.
I love the Spectrum, and unless a movie isn't playing there -- it has only happened once -- I go there for all movies. The atmosphere is really cool from the great mural on the wall outside, to the old school vibe within. Everyone is friendly and the patrons are generally polite. The concessions stand looks yum (although I don't like to eat during movies) and although the theater is older, it's fairly comfortable. The Spectrum doesn't accept credit cards, but they do have an ATM. It feels good supporting a business that isn't a gigantic chain.
Always the best. There is no comparison in the area. Independent movies, a personal touch homemade treats, and popcorn with real butter
This is the only place to watch bigger indie movies in the area. Its a great theater, small but the screens are big for the size of the theaters. It used to be much more run down, and they expanded to include more and upgraded everything. Its like the equivalent of a Film Forum in the city, everyone's just hangin', wearing indie rock shirts or plaid, the closest thing to hip in Albany. Their lot is large enough, there's a taco bell next door (or at least used to be, haven't been in a while). Its cheaper than the city, and seniors get discounts on Tuesdays. I wish it would lobby to get even more movies, considering there is still a lot more that they could pick up. But yes, its bar none the best in the area. And you can go down to the Delmar area and get some ice cream and dinner afterward.
Basically, it does not get much better than the Spectrum for motion picture-watching. Small enough to have a eclectic mix of stuff, yet big enough to have a good selection playing at once. They seem to be tuned in perfectly to the poseur mindset, showing every independent film you would expect, plus the poseur-friendly Hollywood films. The theaters aren't that big, but it never gets terribly crowded. Tickets are still relatively cheap. The snack bar has an assortment of homebaked goodies. I like to get their peppermint brownie with a glass of milk. Before the movie starts, you might get local business advertisements on the screen, someone's vacation photos, pictures of dogs, or something even more unexpected. And the cup-holders are on the back of the seat in front of you, instead of being awkwardly on your own armrest. Kudos, Spectrum 8! Five stars.
this is THE place to go if you want to see strictly movies that are worth seeing, and avoid the annoying mall crowds and prices. The Spectrum is the jewel of Albany, and you can't beat the tuesday matines.
This theater is by far my favorite in the area.  It really is a fun experience, much different than any other commercial theater, don't get me wrong, I like the IMAX and 3D options for certain movies but the Spectrum is really intimate- perfect for a date.  It's in a good area of Albany, perfectly safe.  You can have dinner at the New World Bistro, catch a movie, and get coffee at the Ultraviolet Cafe after.  And parking is never an issue with the 2 large theater parking lots.  The food is awesome; where else can you bring coffee and a brownie into a movie?  Overall, this is my first stop for non-IMAX and 3D movies, actually, my only stop.  Finally, there are very few ads so get there on time!
I love The Spectrum. It's the icon of Delaware Ave. The movies are great, the tickets are cheap, the staff is friendly, the theaters are clean, the snacks are delish... you just can't go wrong with a movie there. I've even seen a couple of midnight premieres here and I've never had a bad experience. Beats the malls and their typical obnoxious teen patrons any day. Plus it's next to some of the best businesses in the area. You can easily have a great date night along this block of Del Ave.
This place is old, yet just as expensive as any other modern theater.  Not a big fan, but it'll do.
This is a great local movie theatre.  It shows some great independent films that usually don't make it to the large theatres.  They have a great concession stand, and even have vegan cookies!  The crowd that goes here is a little bit better to, then the ones that go to the huge theatres.  I love the Spectrum!!
Just the most awesome theater in Albany!!! and they have dessert... amazing cakes and cookies !!!perfect for after dinner movies ...and they show documentaries ! ahh this is love !
Great independent movie theater that shows a lot of non-mainstream movies you can't find anywhere else.  It's also a great place to see more popular movies. There's also not a lot of kids here so you don't have to put up with their BS either.
Awesome independent movie theater.  They play good movies, the theaters are cozy and my super cute friends work there.
This place is one of the few places I will go to see a movie nowadays. The tickets are cheaper than at a mall and the atmosphere is way better. The concession gets pretty busy right before a show because it's small, but they serve cake and that's great. The popcorn has real butter and it's really good. They also show good independent films.
Small screens and sticky floors but has that "old fashioned" feel, tasty  homemade popcorn and interesting movies that aren't available at the multiplexes.
Love this place to death, because it's cheap. I am willing to sacrifice big theatre seating and big screens for cheaper movies, cause in the end, your just watching a movie hopefully with friends, or a partner.
The Spectrum is awesome.  I'm finding it hard to come up with anything else to say.  The movies are cheaper, the environment more enjoyable, and my money is much better spent here than at huge movie theater conglomerates.
Great mix of popular and independent films.  Reasonably priced concession stand with amazing food.  Candy, cookies and my favorites, melt in your mouth chocolate cake, coffee and fresh popcorn with real butter.  That's right, real butter.   The location is great, no fighting traffic or dealing with mall rats.  plenty of parking, neighborhood vibe and cool crowds.  Amazing.
As close to an arthouse theater as you can get in Albany, the Spectrum remains the best option for the serious film devotee. Every week, new releases divvied up between the Spectrum and the Madison, with the more high-brow options generally ending up here. Showcasing a mix of cult and foreign films with a mainstream offering or two, this locally-owned theater usually has something for anyone. The recently expanded lobby has a weathered, Art-Deco appeal and the concession stand will have great appeal to the Starbucks set. Not a huge fan of their popcorn butter, but I've enjoyed everything else I've tried.  The auditoriums, which range from long and narrow to closet-sized, are spartan but extremely well maintained. And the odds of getting an in-focus film presentation are better here than any other theater in the area. This was former Governor Pataki's theater during his term in office, and it's easy to see why.
I absolutely love this movie theatre.  This may be the only thing that I will miss about Albany.  Spectrum is unique in the sense that is seems to cater to a specific demographic, while not excluding others.  Because I'm a bit quirky in my own way, I often may look out of place while feeling quite comfortable, or I may look the part while feeling completely out of place.  Spectrum has a weird dynamic where your look and or feel, does not enter into the equation. I find the staff to be quite nice, and the snacks are a wonderful alternative to standard movie theater trash. (They have some of that  as well but at least the home made goodies are given priority)The theaters in general are nice. You will not find stadium seating, vibrating chairs or any of the extras that are so common in chain theaters; this is fine with me.   The movie selection at the Spectrum in my opinion is the best that Albany has to offer hands down.  Spectrum combines independent, blockbuster, and semi-popular movies quite well.  In summary if it isn't at the Spectrum, then I probably won't see it.
i love this theatre. they have THE BEST movie selection in the area. you can enjoy the movie in comfort without feeling like you are contributing to a huge-multi-million-dollar multi-plex. the carrot cake at the snack bar is amazing.
It's all about the experience.  We are surrounded by fake atmosphere at the big multiplex and Starbucks.  And then you to the Spectrum and see a movie in limited release and have coffee and dessert next door and you are suddenly enjoying yourself beyong seeing a movie.  The architecture if what you remember a movie theatre looked like.  Delaware St. is doing something right.
Without a doubt, the best place to see a movie in the capital region. (Note: I'm not counting drive-ins when I make this statement; I love me some Jericho, but I'm talking year-round theatres here). From the films shown, to the food served, this place is fantastic. I can't count the number of movies I've seen here or the number of homemade mint-chocolate brownies I've consumed, yet I'm always yearning to go back.
Shows a nice selection of indie and foreign films and the audience is older, more sophisticated and thus better behaved and respectful so no dealing with rude behavior. What a privilege to be able to have this theater in my backyard.
