One of my favorite places to eat in Tampa.  Amazing brunch and sandwiches.  Their chips are the best on earth.  Read more at my food blog: floridafoodlover.com/201…
Everything I have tried here has been excellent fried bacon short ribs meatloaf chicken bowl I try something new every time lunch is better than dinner if you don't like crowds parking is not so good but so worth it I recommend the black truffle fries
Worth a repeat visit and review.   If anything it has gotten better and more creative, as well as expanded options by taking over the next-door bakery (formerly Kalupa's)  So now they offer even more sandwich choices with a current push on bacon combinations.  Prices are a bit high bur portions have you taking food home.  The bakery now offers some bread but more pastries, cookies, candy, truffles and gelato to eat there or take home.  This is a lasting--quality place worth patronizing regularly.
This place is all about the quirky decor and atmosphere. Think chain link fence as the balcony railing and wine bottle chandeliers. Newpapers are the menus with patron's pictures published from Instagram. The food is good but being from New Orleans (home to some of the most amazing Po Boys on the planet) this was just.... ummm good. If you are a beer aficionado they have an extensive selection. Try the Havana Hottie I think it's one of the best items on the menu.  I will go back for the fun atmosphere. They have a cool system that you can text ahead for reservations.
Great establishment, great staff, and a great vibe. They also have a bakery/dessert place next door. Menu is extensive, and laid out nicely in newspaper format that you can take home. Plus all the food is as local as possible. I will come back here again.
I really liked this place.  The food was super yummy (I got dumb cluck) and it's a little different.  I went on a Monday night so there wasn't a wait.  It's uniquely decorated.  I definitely want to try their brunch and will be back.  Everyone was happy with their food.
We came here due to the reviews but I wasn't a fan. First off, our server seemed to be unaware of any happy hour specials (negative star). The food we ordered lacked flavor and that YUMMMMM feeling you have after biting into something divine. We ordered the datzchos and the foul play flatbread...it was alright. Beer selection wasn't that outstanding. Then again, being tourists, it's not like we were informed of anything to try by our server. We probably won't be back.
We used to frequent Datz and we had good service and okay food. We don't know what's happening to the restaurant but the food has just so greasy and salty. We will not be headed back anytime soon.
What can you say about a comfort food place with Bacon Flights and Rabbit Stew? Amazing, that's what. Every meal brought to our table had those in our party envious of the others. Mac-n-Cheese stuffed meatloaf, Rabbit Stew (which is basically a Rabbt Shepherd's pie made with Dogfish Head 60min IPA), Chicken and Waffles and a country Bowl (all have creative names on the menu, take a look). Portions are LARGE, burgers I saw coming out would make 2 meals. The reviews don't lie, Datz is a must visit if you're in Tampa. Attractive industrial look to the interior but still has an "at home" feel to it. Great cocktails and a very good craft beer offering. This is a restaurant that warrants multiple visits to be able to work your way through the menu. Don't miss out on this!!
We came here after seeing all the positive reviews and were excited to try out some of the food. We were seated quickly, but apparently something got mixed up because no one ever came by.  After 15 minutes or so, a manager realized we had been sitting there for awhile and came over to apologize.  She took our drink orders, offered a free appetizer as an apology and continued to check on us throughout our meal.  So I can't say anything bad about the service.  Mistakes happen and they did an awesome job of fixing it.   We got the mac n cheese bites for an appetizer and they were really great.  Normally I'm wary of "here's some stuff fried!" appetizers, but these are done really well. Our dinners came and the portions were gigantic.  Both of us stopped and stared for awhile.  Split food here or be prepared to take some home.  If you're traveling, split food or come when you are ravenous.   My wife's chicken pot pie was tasty and really well done.  She ate as much of it as she could and I'd highly recommend it. Unfortunately my food was not good.  I ordered the meatloaf having heard a ton about it.  The texture was... off putting.  Way too fine of a grind or way over blended.  The meatloaf had a similar texture to my mashed potatoes.  A few bites had me feeling a little queasy.  I had a few bites and lost my appetite.   I don't think anything was necessarily wrong with it, I just don't like how they prepare their meatloaf at all.  I wasn't hungry after that so I didn't want to say anything; especially after we had already gotten appetizers for free.
Expensive, the food mediocre at best and horrible service.  The only good thing I can say is their Toddy's are good.  I have tried this place twice and I am not impressed.
I had to wait forever. My hipster jacket was broken. Help. Okay, now seriously. The food was good. We had chicken and waffles, mac 'n cheese bites, and truffles fries (?). I can't remember the name. All I know is that it was a bit pricy and that I am now a fan.
Solid 4.5 stars out of 4. Make a reservation! We did the text reservation which was hassle-free. Got in at noon on a Saturday for lunch this way after hearing there's always a wait. Atmosphere, service, menu (it's a newspaper, so fun!) and food are all 4.5. We had a great experience. I've already stated that Datz is on our list for our next trip to Tampa. We sat upstairs where the ceiling is studded with colorful strung lights. We started with the mac 'n cheese bites with bacon and jalapenos and a small plate of the monkey bread (ooey and gooey and perfect!). Both were great but the mac 'n cheese was a bit pricey for the portion. Portions are big. The sweet ' n salty crispy homemade chips topped with scallions and a creamy but slightly sweet and mild blue cheese sauce are hands down addictive. I devoured my huge amount plus some of my boyfriend's. The Carolina pulled pork sandwich on fluffy bread with coleslaw was packed with flavor. I tasted the turkey and avocado sandwich and the turkey is real, and delicious (not deli meat). Our other tablemates had the brisket sandwich and the reuben, both of which looked outstanding. The next table ordered the piled high red velvet pancakes with cream cheese frosting and...drool. The downstairs area boasts an amazing bar area with taps galore as decor and a small bar area with several great choices on draft. The upstairs bar has seating for about 14. Loved Datz! I want to try the chicken and cheddar waffles with jalapeno-infused syrup next visit.
Missed out for the second time on drinks/dinner with friends due to lack of menu options for vegans. When I first inquired several months ago I was told the chef would would make me something special and to request him to visit our table before ordering. FYI that is the opposite of what I want in a restaurant. I want a minimum of one or two items I can order from the menu just like everyone else. To be called out or ask for special attention is just not cool.  Tried the veggie burger on one visit and was not impressed. It was a frozen patty, not even a quality one, cooked improperly. I live in the neighborhood and would love to say YES when friends or family suggest Datz, but until you get vegan options, my answer will be, no, let's go to ------ instead.
Our party off 11 arrived for brunch and were seated very quickly.  We took advantage of the call ahead Text by simply texting the word "Datz" to 626-414-3210 to avoid a lengthy wait. Loved my Datz a Mary Bloody Mary.  Made with homemade Tito's Vodka, Nueske's Bacon, Celery and a Salish Ader Smoked Sea Salt, this Datz a Mary hit the spot and got our meal started off right. The Vandross Burger had just enough sweet and savory!  All the food was great and our sever was fantastic.  We will be going back.
HORRIBLE evening; just got back from probably the worst meal and service I've had in my 8yrs in Tampa.  First, we were greeted by a very rude completely clueless individual, after waiting a good 15min at the entrance.  Then after being seated upsatairs at a 4-person table (party of 5), clown #2 waited on us with a terrible attitude; sat for another 20min before getting our drinks and another 25min before placing our order.   After another 30min waiting for our food, it finally came in complete disarray.   We ordered the 16oz hand-cut grilled ribeye, buffalo trace whiskey mustard marinade with san joaquin cheddar fries for my son; complete garbage.The steak was completely undercooked, and it tasted horrible; terrible quality.  It even smelled nasty.  We also ordered the "Boss", 8oz grilled shoulder tender, alderwood smoked salt, bloody mary tomatoes and horseradish sauce.  This was a pathetic portion of meat with nothing to go with; completely covered in grease.  Then we had the "shrimp po' boy", and the shrimp had absolutely no taste and felt like rubber.  The server was rude the entire time, poured water in my dad's coke as refill, and had a terrible attitude.  I will never return to Datz again, or any of its other restaurants.  Completely overrated, over-prized, and pooooor service.  Whoever the manager was tonight (Monday), should be fired.  Too bad. Too many good places to eat in Tampa to even think of returning.
I was really exited to try this place because of their high rating. My friend and I went there and waited about 25 mins which we didn't mind waiting. Our waitress seem very, tentative at first but then just left just after taking our order. We waited about 30 mins for our appetizer and another 20 mins for our main course. I was very disappoint when our main course came out the burgers were cold and the taco plates were warm which meant it has been sitting there for a long time before it was brought out. While we were waiting to paid there was a couple who sat next to us got their appetizer right away in like 10 mins. Very disappointed with the service here. The food was ok. I don't know if I would refer it to any of my friend.
5 stars, every time. I love Datz! The environment is perfect, the menu is creative and delicious, and the staff is always knowledgeable and friendly. We like to ride our bikes here for brunch or bring our out of town friends here for a nice dinner. Of course the food is not the healthiest thing, but it is always fresh and packed with flavor. They have always been very accommodating with special orders and substitutions. On top of the amazing food, they also have a great beer and cocktail menu. You can also peruse their mouth-watering dessert case or walk next door to Dough for more options. Love love love!
Crowded, loud, and overpriced with food that is nothing special. If I didn't have a date I would have left before I ordered. As it was, the date was horrible...we could hardly hear each other.
20$ for three small fish tacos that cost 1$ in some restaraunts. I was very disappointed at the price. The place was nice though. Except the waiter with the black beard and cool hat went in ahead of us and didn't hold the door open. It shut in my face. Just some points of observation to help others motivate others to better their business.
Not sure how I haven't reviewed Datz before.  Everything is always awesome.  Every sandwich has been awesome and the chips are awesome!  They also have a great selection of beers.
Husby and I came here with a friend while in town for some lunch.  It was crowded and there was a slight wait but we were seated sooner than I expected. We had wine based Bloody Mary's with a thick slab of bacon.  Salty, thick cut BACON.  Unfortunately, they were out of celery salt.  I ordered a corned beef and pastrami sandwich, with sauerkraut, russian dressing, and grilled thick rye bread.  It was served with homemade chips that had a bleu cheese drizzle.  The sandwich was warm and the meat was juicy.  However, I am certain they put honey mustard on it (yuck, blech) and there was no sauerkraut to be found.  The bleu cheese dressing was really lacking in bleu cheese flavor.  Husby liked his burger a lot and our friend could only eat half his enormous turkey club. The portions are generous and it is decently priced.  Definitely not comparable to Michael's Deli in Boston but then again, I haven't found very many good restaurants in Florida.  If I come back to this area, I would try it again and get another sandwich.
Delicious and unique menu! The vegan stew, sloppy joe, pretzel bites, and salads were scrumptious!!! And for dessert, head on over to their bakery next door for unique donuts, gelato or macaroons (PB&J and pumpkin ones were awesome). I'm a huge foodie and loved this place :)
All I have to say is YUM!  Never had anything bad at DATZ.
This place is great!!   I have heard all the rave about this place and I finally had a chance to try it! As soon as I stepped inside, I was fascinated with all the sweets, gelato and cheese products they sell near the entrance.   I love their news paper menu too...brings the atomasphere of a cafe.   I ordered fried chicken and cheese waffle...the chicken was very tender and crispy!  The waffle was a little cheewy and tough for me...I like fluffy better for waffles.  I was def. not crazy about the pink peppercorn sauce.  I just asked for a regular maple syrup.  My husband ordered guacamole turkey sandwich.  It was gigantic!  He was crazy about the chips with blue cheese on top!  Even tho it is made of blue cheese, it is very mild and you can never guess!   Now the high point for me was the desserts!!   The gelatos are just great!  We ordered the banana and the special of the day hazelnut.  We enjoyed every single bite :) I ordered a vanilla cupcake to go, which was $4 a piece.  It was really good...sweet but not too sweet.  Initially I wanted macrons, however they were all out except earl grey...oh well next time! Negatives: Lack of parking ( I went there almost 2 oclock on Monday) and a little too high price. I will be back Datz!!! *Featured on "Food Paradise" Travel Channel
We've been going to Datz every now and then for the past few years and I finally decided to write a review.   You just can't go wrong when eating here.  We typically go at night (for a date night, which is a perfect South Tampa spot for a date) and everything we have ever eaten, has been absolutely fabulous!  The mac and cheese is to die for.  If you like to try several types of different crafted beers, this is the place to go. One Sunday, after hearing so much about their brunch, we decided to give it a whirl.  OMG!  The eggs benedict is amazing!  On a whim, we ordered the Bloody Mary's.  While we were surprised at how expensive they were, hands down, the BEST Bloody Mary's we have ever had!  Extra spicy with a wonderful slice of extra thick bacon.  Unbelievable.  Even on a chilly night, order the Bloody Mary. The only CON with Datz is the parking.  Even at night, if you park in the empty parking spaces at the business (next door while they are closed), you will get towed.  Datz only has a few spots available for their patrons.  Hopefully soon, somehow, the parking will improve.  We have left, on several occasions, due to parking.
I think the saddest thing about not living in Tampa is the fact that I can't go to Datz at my heart's desire. This place, though.  Seriously, ridiculously amazing.  All the hype surrounding this place is all true, which is obvious by its almost 700 review stellar average.   Why add another review, right? It's just, I have to talk about how amazing this place is.  It was REALLY crowded for brunch, but no matter...our party of 4 got seated in about 20-30 minutes as we were told.  We made our way to the plentiful bar for some libations while we waited.  So. Many. Beers.  I could spend all day just looking at the menu, my brain crippled by indecision.  You pretty much have to pick a beer out of a hat. Our waitress was great, you could tell she was a tad overwhelmed by the huge crowds, but we're all human.  I work in an ER, and I know this feeling all too well.   She had extensive knowledge about the menu and always made sure we had everything we needed. I had appetizers because I wasn't all that hungry... just a little monkey bread (soooo good), and well... the best "nachos" I've had in my entire life.  Why have all other restaurants spent their valuable time and resources making nachos with tortilla chips?!  Datz makes them the way (I now know) they're supposed to be made: with homemade potato chips.  I don't know if it's the delicate balance of salty and sweet (I think they put a bit of sugar on their chips), or the fact that they load them with the best bleu cheese sauce and scallions, but they're pretty much the greatest thing you'll ever eat.   We were sitting near the dessert/pastry display, and the colorful array of macarons had been whispering sweet nothings into my ear while I ate.  So after my meal, I got up and ordered a dozen of them.  I am really embarrassed that I cannot remember the brand of these glorious macarons.  Also the best I've ever had.   Wow. That was long.  But it all had to be said.  I've made extra room in my heart for Datz.
For the love of science this is one of the best places I have ever eaten at!  I can't express that enough, if I could afford it I would eat here at every meal and that is based on just one visit. I ordered the Fish Tacos but before that came I had the Fowl Play flat bread, which was amazingly delicious concoction of BBQ sauce, chicken, cheese and chives. When I finally had a chance to dive into the Fish Tacos that I ordered they were exquisite beyond imagination, soft juicy fish, crunchy coleslaw, with a drizzle of flavored tar tar sauce.  The side to accompany these delicious deep sea treats was kettle chips drizzled with sour cream and chives that were crunchy and bursting with flavor that I really enjoyed. My wife could not pass up the chance to try the chicken and cheddar waffles.  She loved them!  she barely let me try a bite she loved them s much, I had to beg!  and they were awesome!  cheddar waffles mixed will with the friend chicken after being drenched in jalapeno maple syrup.  Seriously, try them, they are so delicious! to top it all off,  we shared a caramel apple gelato which was pretty good, not as good as Paciguo but when you check into Datz with your mobile phone you get a free gelato so I enjoyed sweet deliciousness knowing it was free. the place was rather pricey for brunch but it was so worth it.  I will eat here as much as my wife and budget will allow.
Every time I come to town I make sure I come to Datz! I've tried a few different menu items and everything has been awesome. The Eggs Barbacoa is ridiculously good. I love the love of bacon here, and I always appreciate a creative menu that has too many good choices. The only reason I gave 4 stars (instead of 5) is because the service is a bit lackadaisical. Everyone is friendly;  I just find that I am always waiting to be greeted/seated and to get my initial drink/food order taken even when it's not busy. Overall though, the food is totally worth it, love this place!
A funny thing happened on the way to Datz... I ran into a Datz waitress a block away. Well, she technically ran into me.. but legally..I guess.. I have to say "my bad". Fortunately, no one was hurt (except two vehicles) no evil words exchanged, no tickets given.. my pocketbook a bit damaged and as yet I am unsure of how my insurance will treat me... That however, will be another story.. as are the repairs. We arrived at 1:15 pm, so there were some tables available. The hostess took us to a table on the second floor.. one of the really small ones where one person faces the wall. Lisa asked if we could have one of the larger tables overlooking the rest of the restaurant. The hostess said that they are saving those tables for larger groups. Lisa was prepared to argue.. but after the accident and the massive thunderstorm.. I was beat and said "let's just sit here".. once again.."my bad" I asked for a cup of coffee, it was almost hot.. *sigh* I was cold, it was pouring outside. Then I read their menu and it says "Some guy on Yelp already hates us. It's not you. Right?" They want us to tell them if our dining experience wasn't five star because they are trained to fix stuff. Yeah, so I feel a little manipulated by that. A little amused too..  Besides, they have good Yelp reviews. They're just not going to get 5 stars from me this time. I ordered some chili to start. It looked good but wasn't hot enough to melt the cheese very well.. Lisa said I should send it back.. I didn't because it was hot in the middle, and very, very good. I thought maybe it had sat around a while. I would look forward to getting it again, the ingredients and flavors were excellent. Lisa ordered the "Havana Hottie" a cuban hybrid sandwich with ham and pulled pork.. it was excellent, a really marvelous sandwich. She had the chips with the blue cheese sauce as a side.. also awesome.. I'm not sure you can make a sandwich much better than this. I ordered "Roger's Rockin' Reuben" a hot sandwich.. served hot. This was a little out of character for me and Lisa looked at me askance and asked "who are you?".. this, while we are celebrating our 30th anniversary. I loved the sandwich and was really glad that I veered from my regular dishes. My fries were good too. Parking is kind of crappy.. but it's like that for all of the restaurants in the area.. we were lucky to find the parking lot in the back. I can easily see this being a five star experience, we might have caught them at an off time... We are going back for sure.. Datz.. 4 stars doesn't mean someone hates you. They also own the really awesome "Dough" next door.. that's where we went to get dessert to take home.
Datz is a true experience. We always bring our family here when they come into town and suggest it to anyone looking for a great dinner place in Tampa. It is casual but not too casual. You know their food and drinks will be spot on every time you go there and you will never feel out of place. Not only is the restaurant amazing, they sell everything from specialty foods to handmade chocolates, macaroons, gelato and the largest cakes you have ever witnessed. PS - Try their stuffed Meatloaf. Normally those words would never come out of my mouth. Just Do It. And their Waffles and Tweet aint too shabby either. Their Datz a Mary (bloody mary with bacon) is a hangover reliever and the jalapeno margarita leaves me wanting more on each visit.  One more - Legitimate Moscow Mules :)
My husband and I ate brunch here for the first time Sunday and I have to say it was a really unique place! I would have never thought the inside would have so much character... I ordered a coffee prior to being seated and even though it was a $7 coffee which is kinda pricey, it was really good. Over all the service was great and the food was delicious! I would love to go back and try there lunch menu sometime
If you were to ask me about datz, two years ago, I would have raved about the whole experience... Current day, not the case. The last three experiences have been sub par, across the board. This evening it took 20 minutes to get our cocktails.. The salad that was ordered had a large pile of powdered sugar plopped atop of it. (Obviously not mentioned on the menu) My sandwich was mediocre (13.00 and I could have made it better at home) and the fries were cold. On a positive note, our server (Dan), was sweet and tried his best to correct the issues. All in all, I spent 50 dollars here and I feel like I could have gotten a better value at Quiznos (and I hate Quiznos) I live down the street from this establishment and I can guarantee I'll will not be back. Upsetting, but I'm tired of wasting my time and money.
AMAZING!! To start - we popped in for lunch during the week and they had a good crowd but we did not have to wait for a table.  We had a great server, I apologize I totally forget her name, and she made an excellent beer recommendation.  My husband had the Reuben and I had fish tacos and both were delicious.  Portions are plenty, though we did manage to finish it all (clean plate club!).  We can't wait to go back - plenty of menu options to try!!
You can read all the reviews but really. Go!   Bar has great beer, scotch, etc. The food is fantastic as well as the cakes. Go, Go, Go.  Do not pass them by.  Enough said.
Honey mustard on Pastrami/Corned beef, enough said. The french onion soup tasted like hot, greasy onion water. To top off this kitchen disaster, fried chicken skin. What do those words conjure in your mind? The crispy Ciciolli di Oca (duck skin cracklings) is what I pictured. What we got were lightly fried and breaded slabs of gummy, greasy YUCK. Breading them really made them sticky and unpleasant. Maybe it was just a bad day in the kitchen?
Datz is rated one of the top restaurants in Tampa for a reason.  The decor is pretty neat, I love the beer tap wall.  The menu is ever changing and has such a personal touch with a complete photo page of people and their Instagram photos from datz.  Bloody Mary with bacon and celery is seriously one of the best I have had.  Fried green tomato app with pork belly was excellent.  Chicken and waffles was pretty yummy too, I liked the unique flavor of jalapeño syrup although I asked for regular syrup too.  But the real standout this most recent visit was the garlic spinach- I'm not even a huge spinach lover but it was a garlic lovers heaven.
Great concept rstaurant. Love the food and wine education classes and Travis the self-proclaimed "cheese nerd" is the best. Fantastic wine and beer selection. Great bakery as well. Not much they can do about the parking people. Park down the street and walk a little. It won't kill you. Great sandwiches and salads. I wish the portions were smaller; I hate wasting food. You can't really take a salad home. Service is pretty good. I only had an issue one weekday morning with the waitress being rude and slow and screwing up 2 items out of my 4 item order.
Datz is one of my very favorite places to chow down in Tampa. The quirky atmosphere reflects their quirky menu, as they offer many unique food items. A friend was in town for work, and we decided we wanted to check out Datz for dinner. It did not disappoint. We ordered the rosemary fries for an appetizer, and I had the chicken and waffles for my entrée. What came was enough for two to three meals of deliciousness. The chicken was crispy and flavorful, and served as the perfect complement to the soft waffles. I will undoubtedly make the trek from St. Pete many more times to try out the rest of their amazing menu.
Went here for Brunch while visiting friends in the area. They suggested this place and I'm so glad we went! It was sooo good! I got the Billy Benedict (minus the ham & replaced with turkey bacon) with fruit. My friends got the sandwiches. Holy cow! Their portions do not disappoint! From word of mouth the items their known for are: potatoe chips drizzled with honey and blue cheese, their selection of beers, the bakery/gelato station, and basically everything else. If you're in the S. Tampa Bay area -- go here. It's worth the wait and you'll leave with your bellies full.
I had the Steak Sandwich, which was OK. Chips are good if they're fried properly (mine weren't that day). I did learn that you can sub them out if you think they're lacking, so that's cool. The chicken wings I ordered were really good, though. Datz service is better than most. In short, if someone suggested it for lunch I wouldn't turn it down.
Between Dough and Datz I found Ditz! 3.30pm on a not so busy thursday afternoon I found myself ordering a couple of sandwiches to go along with a couple of drinks. I felt like i had been sucked into the twilight zone as i had to remind the server multiple times that I had ordered food as well as beverages. I also noticed that the sandwiches are pre made and then reheated to order in the back. I understand having baked goods on display but is it really that difficult or time consuming to put together a fresh sandwich made to order rather than reheating one that has been sitting in cling film all day? Seems like shortcuts to me and after tasting thats exactly what it was like, a rubbery grilled cheese shortcut. The baked goods looked great although I cannot comment on taste, flavor or quality.
I can't say enough positive things about this place. I've eaten here multiple times (dinner and brunch are both great), but I'll base my review on a particular visit. My family was in town for Christmas, and I decided to take them to Datz for dinner. We had a party of 5, and I made sure to check-in online before getting there. Alas, there was still a significant wait (There almost always is, for good reason). I expected this and live in Hyde Park, so I am used to waiting on a table for any group larger than 2. My mother was a bit less patient, but I explained it's a "trendy" restaurant in a "trendy" area. That's how things work. No big deal. Upon being seated, our waitress apologized for the wait (obviously not her fault) and got us all beers/cocktails immediately. We ordered and enjoyed the atmosphere. As I mentioned, my family was in town, so we were mostly lost in conversation and enjoying the company. Our waitress checked on us repeatedly and got us new drinks anytime we needed them. Twice more she apologized for the wait. Once food arrived, she informed us that because of our long ticket time (I hadn't even noticed) dessert would be comped. I thought that was an awesome gesture for them to offer on their own (no complaints from us, purely customer service). Dinner was fantastic. I don't recall what everyone had, but everything was great. After dinner, the waitress took our desert order. We decided to just split two things amongst us (dinner portions are pretty massive here). Dessert was fantastic as well. When the waitress returned a final time, she informed us her manager was comping our entire meal due to such an excessive ticket time (Which I by then had estimated at about 50 minutes from when we sat down to receiving dinner, not extreme in my opinion at all. This was a few nights before Christmas and the place was packed). We were all blown away. I've honestly never experienced such proactive customer service in my life. Datz truly does care about its reputation and its patrons. I'd give 100 stars if I could. Great job guys, and thank you.
Review from September 2010: I'm pleased to report that Datz more than lived up to our expectations. And in between my Roger's Rockin' Rueben and Mile High Cheesecake, I managed to enjoy a couple of fine beers as well. I started with a pint of Bell's Oarsman (Bell's Brewery; Kalamazoo, MI; American Palw Wheat Ale; ABV: 4.0), a crisp, easy drinking wheat ale. Light golden in color, Oarsman has subtle notes of wheat, breaded malt, and citrusy hops, with a clean refreshing finish. At 4% ABV, it makes a really nice session beer, and I'm glad to see that it's now available here in Florida. When Datz has my all-time favorite pumpkin ale on tap, you know that I can't pass up a good thing. I ordered a pint of Southern Tier Pumking (Southern Tier Brewing Co.; Lakewood, NY; Pumpkin Ale; ABV: 9.0), in my opinion the best pumpkin ale on the planet. This ale is pumpkin in color, with big notes of pumpkin and cinnamon spices from start to finish. It's the closest thing to drinking a pumpkin pie that I have ever come to! In addition to a superb food and beverage menu, Datz has a wonderful big city feel to it. I strongly recommend stopping by next time you're in Tampa. billysbeerblog.com/2010/…
I have come here a couple of times now and I wasn't disappointed either way. My first visit, I ordered the vinneys brisket philly. I thought it was very good and flavorful. The only thing is I would have liked it with sweet potato fries but they don't offer that. There was so much to choose from its hard to decide! There are many unique dishes and you can decide if you feel like being healthy or not so healthy. Our waiter was nice and pointed out his recommendations to help us decide. My 2nd visit I ordered the shimburger because it was a healthy day. It is a bun-less burger on a cedar plank paired with a side salad and you can choose two toppings. It was perfect because I still wanted a burger but did not want to ruin my diet. I want to try their brunch next time. The only reason why I gave it 4 stars because its hard to go here on a whim and parking is interesting. Its popular and each time I went I had to wait at least an hour. We tried to make reservations a couple days before but they were full already. With the right planning, you won't have to wait but it definitely is worth the wait! If you do find the wait is long they have dough next store with many tempting desserts like donuts with bacon on it!!
Great, lively atmosphere!  Loved the food!  Been here a few times for dinner and lunch and the place never disappoints.  Had an awesome meatloaf here--stuffed with mac 'n cheese with jalapeno.  Oh man.  The thing was as big as my head, and came with sides.  I could tell my wife thought "there's no way he's eating that whole thing."  What can I say? I had to prove her wrong. :)  Actually, it was just soooo good. I've had other things here: the Reuben, and a Cuban--and other things not rhyming with Reuben--but the meatloaf stands out. Seems they had lots of beers on tap. Decisions, decisions.   Go check this place out!
YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY!!! Great food and wine selection and best of all unique food items available! Staff is extremely friendly and helpful.
My friends all rave and rave and rave about Datz. I honestly can't believe that it took me this long to get down there. I went today for a group breakfast. I arrived early and was told I couldn't sit at our table until our entire party arrived. Okay, fine, no problem. I was permitted to sit anywhere else while I waited for them. So I chose to sit at the bar and drink a cup of coffee. The first spot I attempted to sit was sticky and dirty. Gross. So I moved down to seats, sat down, and looked up. What I saw was even more disgusting. Tons of lemon seeds from either morning or evening prep work caked on to the draught beer area. It was gross. And it smelled. The entire area just looked to be a wreck. Take out boxes, and plastic bags were just strewn about the area creating a very messy look. When the rest of my party arrived and we ordered our food, my coffee was never refilled. My 3 egg white veggie omelet was huge, and fluffy. Very good, but not the best thing I've ever tasted. I asked for plain fruit, and it came covered in yogurt, whipped cream, and toasted coconut, so I had to send it back. I asked for no potatoes, no grits, no bread, and it came with 2 huge slices of toast that just went untouched. Seems so wasteful. I think I need a Datz re-do.
Always great food and a fun atmosphere. Parking is scarce for how popular this restaurant is and there's usually a wait, but it's worth it. If you're going for brunch on the weekends, be prepared for a long wait. You can make the wait less boring with a Bloody Mary ($10 per pint, but it has bacon!) and, if you're lucky enough to find a seat, enjoy your meal at the bar.
Fried Mac & Cheese. Wonderful with the dipping sauce. Very tender and juicy boneless fried chicken. Hadn't eaten fried chicken in years and very glad I tried it here. Good service and friendly atmosphere. Huge servings.
This is love. Datz is an AMAZING restaurant/gastropub. I checked this place out on a whim last time I was in town and i still think about it. i cannot WAIT to go back. Their drinks are unique and delicious - there was this bacon old fashioned. a BACON old fashioned! they had me at hello. For our meal we had the waffles & tweet (chicken and waffles) and the kentucky colonel bowl. perfection. a meal from here would easily be my "last meal." I left happy, stuffed and sad. sad - because i realized I live in NJ and a Datz doesn't exist here. They also have this marketplace where they sell cookbooks, food products and a bakery with sweets...which of course I had to check out. everything was good! the staff is great! I love this place. do yourself a favor and check it out. thanks in advance.
Wow, what a menu selection. This is not most thinning menu but you won't regret the carbs-- datz specializes in cured bacon and they find a way to sneak it into most dishes, although I do think they have vegetarian options. Great bar, great atmosphere, great eclectic menu options, exemplary service... Be different, go to Datz!
The ambiance is pretty sweet, and we give major props on their creativity. However, the food was a little bland and won't be calling us back. The meatloaf was recommended by the waiter, but was lacking in flavor. The truffle fries, on the other hand, were excellent!
Let's just say, the food was on point and unique! The two times that I have been to Datz, they were okay on the service side because we did have big groups and it was a Friday/Saturday. Also price range is more of the special-occasion-night range. Though let's keep going on about the food! I had a burger there that would give red robin a bit of a scare. Very very tasty! But what kicks that out of the field is the rabbit stew. I was kind of taken aback by the name.... seeing that I haven't had rabbit before. Oh well, first time for everything right? I got this giant hot pot with a giant mound of mashed taters on it. I can't even. I stuck my spoon all the way in there to the bottom and tasted this juicy tender slab of rosemary meat! It was phenomenal. You could say that it had my taste buds...... hopping. Heh. WORDS CANNOT DESCRIBE THE TASTE!!! I ate it all. Also had a banana bread beer??! I didn't even know that existed, but my word it was delicious! I would say give this place a chance and you would definitely fall in love with the food!
I really, really want to like this place.  I love this part of town, it seems to have personality, and it's busy all the time.  But I'm starting to think that the only reason why this place is busy is because it's trendy, and it's trendy to be here.  Their drinks are good, but their food is not impressive.  Fancified, yes, but not impressive. Brunch for the two of us was $60 ($70+/- including tip).  If the food lived up to its price, I'd be proud to say that "it was worth it".  But it wasn't worth it.  I was disappointed, and sad.  Sad because I wanted to like this place and all its trendy interior details, hoping that the food is amazing, because, afterall, it's a restaurant and FOOD is the backbone. Glorified ambiance, sub-par food.
Great burger and chips. Nice place, friendly and helpful staff. Can't wait to go back because there are so many other things I want to try!!
I would like to go here anytime other than a Sunday morning.  I wasn't quite prepared for how loud and jam packed it was and I'm a girl that prefers and intimate setting.  I'll give it a shot during a weeknight.  The bartender was nice and the food was pretty good.
This place was amazing. We were there about 2 weeks ago & the food and service was excellent!  I got the jalapeño mac & cheese stuffed meatloaf, all I can say is OMG!! The desserts were even better. Definitely should stop in if your in town. It's a must have!! Parking can be a little difficult, but the food makes up for it 10 times over!!
Datz is one of those places where you want to try everything on the menu. There's so much unique menu items that they definitely entice you to at least want to try it. Food indulgence. Both in portions and type. This is not really a place where you go when you are looking to eat healthy. Our waiter has been there since Datz first opened and he appears to genuinely enjoy working there. Whenever you see long standing employees going through the extra effort with a smile, it's usually a hallmark of a great establishment. Had the truffle fries and the Ty's Two Fister. They bake their pumpernickel and smoke the pastrami in house and you can taste the difference in their sandwiches. Truffle fries are good but to be honest, how often do you really have bad truffle fries anywhere. Anyone who's ever stepped inside Datz can probably vouch for its distinctive ambiance. From the showcase of the bake goods to the assort goods on display, they make passing time waiting for a table more enjoyable. Good food, service and atmosphere. It's one of those rare places where it is not just a restaurant, but also a dining experience.
Omg!!!! My go to place hands down from now on whenever I'm on the west coast!!!! Tried to eat at pinkys this am... left pissed off and hungry... I apologize to datz... I will never make that mistake again!!!  The staff here is amazingly friendly, helpful and I am a happy girl :-) I got the cyo omelet with smoked gouda, bacon and sausage with a side of yogurt and fruit. The bread was to die for as well... soooo delicious! !! Had a snickers latte with almond milk ;-) husband got the monkey bread and that was insanely good also. Went next door to bakery and snuck off with a pistachio donut and a pb&j. What can I say... I will be back!!! Manager said new menu is rolling out by the end of the month... we will be indulging in this food heaven again soon!! Thanks for making my trip better. You guys rock!!!
I've been here twice.  The first was for breakfast with my mother.  I had the waffles with peanut butter and bacon.  It was heavenly.  The coffee was really good.  My mother had an omelet with pulled pork that she loved.  Portions were HUGE. The second visit was for brunch with my husband.  He had the "Cuban sandwich."  The meats weren't exactly traditional, and it had this dijonnaise mustard that he found viie.  He also wasn't a fan of the bleu cheese and green onion potato chips (I liked them, though).  I had a much better experience with the Hangover (sourdough with eggs in a hole covered with Parmesan), although the bacon wasn't crispy this time.  The breakfast potatoes were awesome (my husband filled up on them after he realized that he didn't like his meal).  I also had the spicy bloody Mary, which was good and strong.  I liked that there was a slice of bacon in my drink, although it was weird eating cold bacon. I love the store at the bottom of the restaurant, and I'd love to come back for dinner to try their wine list. My main complaints would be the parking situation and very narrow parking lot.
Awhile back we attended a Yelp! event at Datz and decided that we definitely wanted to go back and try it out.  So this was our first official visit to Datz, and probably our last for a while...we're not in a big rush to go back.   When we arrived everything started off good; the greeters/hosts at the front door were very friendly, our waitress was sweet, but her attentiveness was lacking, she did recommend that we try the monkey bread. We decided okay why not, so we ordered the small...they were out of the small sized ones...so we looked for another app to try, we decided on the pretzel bites ... No go on those too, so we opted to fore go the appetizer. We looked over the menu made out decisions for what we wanted to order, when we were all set to order we flagged down our waitress to place our orders but when we started ordering she informed us that the menu "has a typo" and they do not offer the lunch menu on the weekends only the Brunch Menu, again this was our first time coming here and was disappointed that nothing was said about it being a brunch only menu on the weekends; it was only pointed out to us after we looked through the menu and were ready to order.  (We noticed other customers making the same mistake we had...so just a suggestion that it might be helpful to have it corrected in the menu since it's not relayed when the guest are seated)  So after looking the menu over again we decided on the Eggs Barbacoa and the Datz Good Hash.   The Datz good hash was not so good, it was way over cooked and the little bit of corn beef  that was mixed into the potatoes had a texture more like a jerky.  I was really looking forward to the hash, I love a good hash, but this one was better left on the plate.   The lack of service and the less than desirable meals that we experienced here only cemented our decision to stick with our regular Sunday Breakfast place that's just around the corner.  Though we might give Datz another try sometime in the future, just not for the weekend brunch.
The Food is Good Always a Busy Place.....A Little Pricey But Worth the Eclectic Menu They Present...
We came here for brunch on a Sunday morning and without a reservation for our group of 6. It was packed with a wait of over an hour so make sure you call ahead to have them put your name on a waiting list before you get there. The wait system is pretty cool. You give them your phone number and they text you whenever your table is ready and you can also text back to this same number to get your table status or cancel your table wait. I know, I'm a nerd, but I thought it was cool. They don't have a lot of outdoor sitting, which would be great, but the inside of this place is beautiful and super cool. I did not get a chance to see the whole place as we quickly found some seats at the bar and we ended up cancelling our table and ordering there. They have a bakery area where you can walk in and order goodies like macaroons, chocolates, cookies, etc. I tried the macaroons and they were good, however, they were super tiny at $2 with change. Ouch! We ordered some regular mimosas at the bar and they were delicious. At $10 a piece, they serve it on a wine glass and they don't skimp on the serving so that's a plus. I was so excited when I saw the corned beef hash plate on the menu as I've been DYING of having one for some time and I haven't seen it anywhere on brunch menus in Orlando. My excitement did not last long. It was awful. There was a LOT of hashbrowns and like 4 strips of corned beef mixed-in with absolutely no flavor at all. I actually had to put salt on it. Can you believe it? Put salt on corned beef? Yup. The poached eggs did not help  the plate much either. They were tiny with almost no runny yolk inside. The best part of my dish was the side of fruit that I ordered with it. So, why 3 (more like 3.5) stars if I hated my dish? Well, in addition to the fact that I really liked the place, I tried a little bit of everybody else's dish and they were delicious! My BF's dish was the best. Regular eggs benedict; perfect poached eggs (lucky him!), huge and thick piece of ham on top of the muffin and a delicious hollandaise sauce on top. Everybody tried his dish and agreed that his was the best. Oh and it came with the best breakfast potatoes, super seasoned and crunchy. My girlfriend's dish was second beat and it was some type of skillet dish that had eggs, smoked trout, potatoes, ham, roasted peppers, onions and hollandaise sauce. They smokey flavor was certainly there and it made the dish great! Everybody else raved about their dishes. The service was great! The hostess was super nice and the bartender that took care of us was very attentive with our drinks and dishes. I would certainly like to try the place again.
Very interesting atmosphere. Great menu options and huge portions.  Went here for book club and was told we were being seated at the quietest table - which happened to be under a speaker and next to the bar. Hmmm....  The waitress was able to turn down the speaker for us, which helped.   I had the winter white cosmo and it was honestly the best cosmo I've ever had.  I'd go back just for that.  I ordered the havana hottie sandwich - their version of a cuban.  The bread was hard and too much, so I pretty much ended up picking off the meat and cheese and not eating the bread.  The chips it comes with are pretty good with a sweet sauce on them.  Lots of options on the menu that I'd like to go back a try.  The chocoloates and cup cakes looked delicious, but didn't try them.  They also have a bakery next door with cakes, doughnuts and gelato, but you cannot order these items from the restaurant.
DATZ might be the best breakfast in Tampa!  I arrived before the crowd with my family in tow....my 7 year old was thrilled when we were seated upstairs with a awesome view of the whole restaurant.  This place has a great energy, totally good vibes, and our waitress(a cool blonde chick with a braid who spoke like a valley girl) was friendly and recommended some great choices.   I ordered a ridiculously good bootlegger sandwich with beer cheese ham and a egg on a pretzel roll.....Wow! Stupid Good.  My eldest daughter might have even upstaged that with Creme Brûlée French toast, it was sick good...even had a crispy sugary coating and a bit of custard hidden under it....it was like finding a culinary treasure.  Amazingly stupendously delicious!   The little one wasn't impressed with the way kids items were described on the menu, but when her sister explained it was pancakes and sausage she was all aboard with her choice....this is kinda  interesting because they do a amazing job with the adult menu, it's full of fun names and creative ideas and it's presented in a awesome newspaper format!  Anyway, once when the server visited to ask if we were happy she proclaimed them the best pancakes ever, and that they tasted like sugar cookies!!!  Score!   Overall my family was stoked, this was a great experience.  My girlfriend ordered a Popeye sandwich and hers was excellent with Gouda cheese and a freshly baked bun! I give this place 5 stars.  The only negative I have is that the coffee was gross, but hell no biggie I will just order something else to go with this amazing food. .....we will be back without the kids to check out the dinner menu and bar! Can't wait for the next visit!   DATZ the truth!
Wow. Yum. I'm so glad we stopped in at this place. Service was fast and friendly, and the vibe was great. The menu is laid out like a newspaper, featuring breakfast, lunch, and dinner items. Datz also seems to come well equipped with a number of fine liquors. I got a Datz Mule, their version of a Moscow Mule - I can't resist that ginger and lime combo. Bonus: our waiter gave us some house-made cheddar and Sriracha popcorn to munch on while we waited for our food to come out, along with a 20% off coupon for the co-owned bakery (Dough) next door. Now that's good marketing. For dinner I chose the "cue the brisket" sandwich which came topped with coleslaw (yes, please). My meal was also served with homemade chips smothered in blue cheese dressing and chives. Good grief, this sandwich was just delicious; it's a real mess, but it's worth it. We checked out the bakery next door, and since we had a coupon we bought up some treats (obviously). I got a beautifully adorned red velvet cupcake, which was the perfect way to top off my experience at Datz. Conclusion: I'm marking this place down as a must-go in Tampa.
Yesterday a coworker of mine and I went to Datz for lunch. She was so grateful I introduced her to the awesomeness of Datz. I had a veggie burger and she had a burger, both tasted perfect. All the staff was super friendly, and looked happy to be there and serve the guests. The restaurant also had a great atmosphere. After we went next door to Dough to get some baked goods that were just as yummy and unique. I have so many friends that love Datz. Check it out if you haven't yet, it's kinda more of an experience then just a place to eat.
Everything we've had here is awesome. You can't go wrong with the great cocktails and the splurge menu, I'm a huge fan of the Uptown BLT.
Don't get me wrong, the food is very good... but my rating of 3 stars isn't about the food.  If time is important to you, DON'T go to Datz.  Firstly, you're always waiting to get in.  In the last few years, I have never gone by and been told that it's anything less than half an hour wait.  Once you're in, the service is very slow, so more waiting.  Then, the food is slow to get out to you.  It is not unheard of to spend over two hours from start to finish (not including whatever travel time you require to get there) on a trip out to Datz.  I recommend that if you're really dead set on eating out here, you munch on something before you head out.
Just go.  You don't even need to read this review.  GO there.  You won't regret it.  You'll thank me later.  Everything there is AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS.  Go there, right now.
Went here for brunch yesterday because I heard such great things about this place. I was disappointed with the experience and service we received. We were a large party of 8 - 10 but we called ahead to make sure it wouldn't be a fiasco. After showing up we still had to wait 2 hours. The Sunday morning staff at the host stand was not very friendly or helpful. I had a better experience at the bakery next door.
Positives:Mac n cheese balls were and always are awesome. The  dipping sauce is perfectly spicy..and if you have Foursquare, sometimes they offer these complimentary with a check-in! For dinner, I had the seasonal pork and it was cooked perfectly. We didn't recognize many of the wines on the list and their quality would explain the cheap pricing. Lower priced wines weren't the best but pricing is fair. Needs work: No side salads are offered - only entree sized. My mom and I shared the kale salad and the kale was not massaged. Completely dry and dressing at the bottom of the bowl. Also, was unable to redeem my Yelp offer for a free order of Monkey Bread because they hadn't made it that day. They shouldn't be offering Yelp coupons that aren't redeemable during all business hours (just my opinion). Otherwise, awesome spot for dinner in south Tampa! Plus, with Dough next door, you have a conveniently located dessert spot, post-dinner!
This is one of my favorite places to dine. Breakfast, lunch or dinner, you're sure to get a great meal.  I love the atmosphere, I love the staff, I LOVE the food.  Parking can be tricky depending on the day and time, but once you get in, seated and receive your newspaper menu, you'll see the wait, if any, was worth it! I do wish they'd bring back the brioche french toast, but now that I've tried the shrimp and grits, I am hooked and can't wait to go back again.  I recommend this place to everyone and have celebrated many occasions here as well.
The meatloaf stuffed with jalapeño mac and cheese was on point! Their menu features unique dishes that are delicious. I highly recommend trying this place out, you won't be disappointed. I will absolutely be back for more!
Wow. We went here solely based on Yelp reviews (thank you Yelpers!) on a day out in Tampa and I'm so glad we did! I read a lot about the wait times but we went on a Monday after what would normally be lunch time (1:30ish) and we didn't have to wait, I'm sure it's crazy town during dinner time. The atmosphere is amazing. I only got a quick glimpse around us in the dining area and the bar...and it's just so fun, modern and clean. The food was delicious - the whole newspaper menu is a creative idea. We started with truffle fries - the herb aioli is the bomb (hello '90s lingo). For entrees we decided on the fish tacos and high on the hog sandwich. They were both soooo delightful! Highlights: The food. The beer selection! Our waitress was really good. Everything. We will definitely be making the drive back from the Orlando area for the Datz experience again!
First time here, heard it was a good place. Indoors is very adorable with a shop & bakery. There's available outdoor seating and dogs allowed which is great. The food was average and isn't worth the price. Our waitress was very courteous as the rest of the staff but the service was very slow.
I wanted to like this place so much. The ambiance is excellent. The food is cold and tasteless everytime I go. The waiters are abrasive and pretentious. I will not be going here again. A change in management would help this place very much. Lots of potential!
I went here for dinner and had a much better experience than when I came for lunch. I still think the place is overpriced for the quality of food, but based on all the rave reviews, I'm in the minority on that one. I do have to give props to the staff for a great environment and an interesting, robust menu. I had the shrimp & grits dish, which I really liked - the shrimp were large and tender and the grits made a flavorful accompaniment. The only thing I didn't like was the steamed spinach that came mixed in with the dish. The texture was almost slimy, which I did not like... I ended up eating around the spinach to enjoy the rest of the meal. After, I stopped by the dessert counter to pick up some hand-painted chocolates and macaroons. This is a nice touch that adds a little more to the experience at Datz.
The food was really good! My cousins were in town and wanted to try a local foodie place. We found it on yelp. We shared the black truffle fries (I could have had 2 more servings for dinner and been perfectly happy) and Mac-n-cheese bites (yummy). Definitely recommend this place to friends and family that are visiting Tampa!
They need to get better at telling customers how long their wait time  will be.  We came In at 11 and were told It would be a 30 minute wait. It has now been an hour and we are still waiting.
I've been wanting to come back since the Yelp event and I finally did. I like the laid back atmosphere with the combination of good food. I had one of their chicken sandwiches with their signature sweet potatoes fries....very good. There were a few minor glitches but the staff was able to fix them very quickly and parking can be a bit of a hassle but that's pretty much everywhere in that area. Looking forward to trying many of their dishes!
I am a HUGE fan of this place. I have never had something there that I didn't like. And can we talk about the bacon in the bloddy Mary's?!? Does it get ANY better than that? Their homemade chips are amazing and when you check in there on Yelp, you get a free gelato, they have new flavors all of the time so I'm always sure to check in.
Great food. Excellent beer selection.
Great food. Bunch of foodies in the kitchen it seems like. No bad choices on the menu either. Delicious vegetarian options too.
Everything I've had has been great! Love the chicken and waffles. Havana hottie is great for lunch. Awesome selection of craft beer on tap.
Datz is a must visit in the Tampa bay area. Selection is insane there!! So many options. We started off with the pretzel bites and truffle fries which both were on point. Then for my mean I had  the Hansel And Gretel.. my goodness the cigar city beer sauce. Soooooo good, a must get. I am for sure going again. Maybe next time I try the chicken and waffles? A very nice experience.
I love this place!! My husband and I drive over 20 miles to eat here. Great food and fabulous atmosphere! Just remember to not eat anything when you go cause the plate size is huge :)
One of my favorite places in Tampa. It's my go-to place to take out-of-towners. Great beer selection and super-creative cocktails ("spa water" is the best - cucumber vodka & cucumber soda = so refreshing & perfect for summer.) The homemade chips with blue cheese sauce are awesome. Just went there for brunch the other day and was blown away by the chicken & waffles... Eggs Benedict with fried chicken tenders on a cheddar cheese belgian waffle. I pretty much died and went to heaven.
I love this place when I can get in. I think that the only thing that keeps me from  really going here more often is the parking situation. I love the food. I love all the craft beers to choose from and being able to try before you buy. I would only recommend that if you want to try this place for the first time without hassle then go on a weeknight or sometime other than weekend nights or brunch. The food it worth it.
As a northeast transplant, Datz felt like home again to me. Good service, tasty food and drinks, top notch desserts. The food while tasty is sort of one note - rich. Usually busy so go at off peak times or make a reservation.
Datz is a foodie haven for those in the Tampa Bay Area. Featuring 100% ground chuck, two toppings of your choice (bacon and cheese on mine), and served on a sweet sourdough bun with lettuce, tomato and red onion. Overall, the burger had a good mix of flavor, and the fantastic bacon is the standout ingredient. A fresh grilled sourdough bun blended well with the cheese, however the beef was nothing too flavorful or juicy leaving this burger a little shy of being amongst the elite. Datz has some amazing sides, drinks, and a fun atmosphere that make it worth a burger trip.
Great food! If you are looking for something delicious and someplace with good portions, this place fits the bill. I've visited maybe three times and I have never left disappointed. The staff has always been warm and friendly and the sandwich selection is borderline overwhelming, but in a good way. I have also tried their brunch, which I found equally delectable. The atmosphere is rustic and quirky, which is how I like it. Sometimes I am just in the mood for a good, hearty sandwich and Datz totally delivers.
I absolutely love this place. The outside looks meh, but inside is amazing! Best brunch in Tampa.  Every time I go I try something new and every time I leave feeling satisfied. Parking sucks though, be prepared for that! I recommend them :)
This is by far my favorite place to go to for lunch! The only thing that might be a problem at such a time is the limited parking and the loads of people there, but it doesn't take away from the amazing space and great food!
Incredible menu. Very inventive yet still quality and good portions. One of my favorite places in Tampa. Chef Andy does an amazing job and I challenge you to find any place in the area with a menu that rivals this one in creativity while still offering delicious food and a decent price.
This is one of my favorite restaurants!
I have always heard about how wonderful it is at Datz, so I finally decided to check it out. My boyfriend and I had lunch there and it was amazing!  The first thing I liked was their newspaper menu. I'm guessing they print out a new one every other month and it's just so cute and creative.  They have a page dedicated to Instagrammers who instagram their food, which I thought was a neat concept.  We ordered the Vinny's Brisket Philly and the Chicken n' Waffle BLT. They both had interesting flavors that we never tasted before. Super delicious!!  We can't wait to go back again and try more from their original menu. Everything was just perfect there.
Delicious! This place is very crowded on the weekends due to their well known brunch but if you catch a seat at the bar you don't have to wait. Please don't just sit there after you're finished with your food in a to go box and chat with people standing around for the longest time when you see there are people waiting for the bar seats- it's rude! Their brunch had many unique trendy items like a chicken and waffles egg Benedict, white strawberry kiwi sangria, shrimp and coconut potato pancakes, as well as some well made classics like monkey bread, Mac and cheese, Bloody Mary. I got the bills Benedict without the bacon (solid amt of choices for vegetarians, can adjust anything on the menu) and a side of fresh fruit with whipped cream and toasted coconut. So good! Very friendly service and quick!
So an update...why...was it any worse than before?...No because it got better.   BLUF: Best interaction with management, ever...no joke.  Awesome team!  Oh yea, still top notch food. So, first off, showed up on a Saturday afternoon with the wife, much more packed than last time, but the hostesses were great, and they put us on the wait-list, but used a system I had never seen before, but is ingenious...instead of those vibrating wands that make you stick around the area with nothing to do but look at people eat, they take your cellphone number down so they can text you.  I won't get into too much, but given this place has a reputation of long waits, this is awesome. It even lets you check your place without having to go to the front. But really, that's not the reason for the update, it's a bonus, since I am updating.  The reason was, we have never had a better experience with restaurant management than we had that day.   If your going to have an experience with the management, it means something went wrong...right? Correct...but that's not the point and it is the point at the same time.  Our issue was (as best as we can figure out) the waitress accidentally put our app in the same time as our food. Okay happens all the time at other places and you get both at the same time. Well Datz doesn't let that happen, so when they came out at the same time, they sent the food back (we didn't ask for this, didn't even see the food). From what we gathered the waitress forgot to put the food order back in. Okay, got it, normally a problem, but as we were sitting there for about 35-40 mins wondering where our food was (we had our app at that point), and before we had a chance to say anything about it to the waitress, the manager came over to introduce himself. He apologized right off the bat and explained what happened and without blinking an eye, comped us the app and the beer that I had...and it didn't stop there, comp'd us dessert as well...none of which we had requested. In addition, since as he was talking to him we told him we were going to the movies afterwards, he made sure everything from the food to the bill was on our table in record time.  At the same time, he was the most pleasant restaurant employee we had ever met, chatting us up about what we were doing, etc. He was awesome.  I only wish I had remembered his name.   The food as per last time was top-notch. Crab-spread 3/5, Carolina pulled pork sandwich (5/5), BLT (5/5)...We didn't get them last time, but got them this time...BEST FRENCH FRIES!!!! Still best beer selection around.   We'll be back...
Absolutely amazing breakfast.  Best bacon ever.  Big plates with more food than many can eat. Great beer selection, too.  Hey, beer's not just for breakfast anymore, ya know!
This is one of our go-to restaurants when we're in Tampa.  They offer a text service, sort of similar to a call-ahead reservation.  It's almost always packed, so that tip might come in handy.  They have a bunch of awesome craft beers, as well as the usual brunch beverages, so even if you have to wait, it's not so bad. All of the food--brunch through dinner--is great. Lovely southern filth that will make you forget your diet altogether. And don't forget dessert!  You'll leave here wanting more of everything (and you most likely will have leftovers, so that's good).
Spectacular!  I cannot comment on its sandwiches, which most people go there specifically for, but their salads are absolutely marvelous! First, I have to mention that I cannot offer a stronger suggestion than to use their texting reservation system.  My mom was driving from Orlando and I heard that Datz can be busy on Sunday at lunch.  Originally, we tried to make a reservation through Open Table, but they were booked at the time we wanted and we would have to wait till after 2 p.m. for a reservation!  I went on its website and noticed that I could text them to get on the waiting list for a table.  I did and it said we would have a table in 20 minutes.  My mom was running late so I took us off the list.  I had 30 minutes to put my name back on at the spot I was at!  Long story short, I kept texting to be put back in line and texting to be taken out until we were in front of the restaurant and the moment we walked in, my phone buzzed that our table was ready!  Amazing. On Sunday they only serve brunch, but there are still a plethora of choices.  My mom got the Figgy Piggy Salad and it was superb!  The dressing is to die for with great chunks of bacon.  I got the High Steaks Caesar.  When it said it came with beef tips, I was thinking strips of beef.  Boy was I wrong.  They were perfectly cooked beef chunks on skewers.  It made the entire salad worth it.  They did not even ask me how I wanted it cooked, they knew to make it medium rare.  Both salads came with delicious looking hunks of bread, but we both abstained since we're going to have to fit into New Year dresses soon. As people have written, parking is terrible.  There is parking in the back, but it is hardly enough.  While we were there, a man came over the sound system to say that two cars were about to be towed!  Definitely come early if you want a parking spot within walking distance.
Amazing food, great service! My husband and I go here all the time! We are happy to wait on a Saturday and Sunday - especially because they have a great 'texting' service that lets you know how far ahead you are to be seated. You can actually text before you even leave the house and reserve your table! Fig salad and pulled port are great for lunch. Eggs benedict and bloody marys for breakfast!!
Easily my favorite place that I've dined at in Tampa! The sriracha popcorn was addicting and our wonderful server kept coming back with more refills. We started with the pretzel bites, fresh and warm straight from the oven. I had the April in Paris sandwich with chicken. Huge portions, but one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. Delicious actual potato chips on the side made an excellent pairing. The decor was really cool and fun to look at. I enjoyed the how the menus were actual newspapers, very unique and quirky much like the ambiance. Parking was a bit tricky and we had to wait for a table for 15 minutes even though we had a reservation, but it was well worth the wait. Can't wait to go back to try their brunch options.
Yum! Very cool place. Good vibe. Sandwiches are awesome and they come with fresh potato chips with a blue cheese sauce. I'm not even a fan of blue cheese and I ask for extra. My faves are the April in Paris with brie, pesto, arugula, and tomatoes, and the turkey sandwich with avocado, muenster cheese, and coleslaw. Desserts are fab. If you like chocolate you must try the Monster Brownie. It is huge. Weighs about a pound and there is no way you can eat it in one sitting. I am usually disappointed when I order a salad even though they all sound great. Truffle fries and pretzel bites are great appetizers. Fabulous wine, beer, and cocktail selection. Be sure to go early or add yourself to the wait list via their website. Wait can get long on weekends. Breakfast is great too. Pancakes are to die for. Red velvet and pumpkin pancakes! Are you kidding me?! Be warned: menu changes often so check online or call to get the most recent version.
I love datz! We just recently got here in Tampa and my husband and I have been here five times already! The April in Paris is superb! Chicken and waffles are really good. I loved the harvest ravioli it was amazing! The service is great and pretty fast. The desserts are also really yummy. Try the cupcakes, the peanut butter one is bomb! I'd say the only downside is the truffle fries, they were soggy and gross. Overall though it's yummy were going again with friends this weekend!!
in town for the weekend so we went to see what the "Datz" rave is all about.  Our experience was just okay. Started out with the Datchos appetizer meh....just okay. I had the shrimp creole with grits as my entree and it was also just okay. The menu description sounded really good but to my dismay it DID NOT delight my taste buds the way that I hoped it would. Hubby had the short ribs sloppy joe with chips; he said it was good. Restaurant was not crowded so we got in and were served promptly. The service was great but the food was just okay..
Sat at the bar. Service was friendly and quick. The food is amazing. Excellent prices for the amount of food you get. The quality is impeccable. Left there feeling completely satisfied.
I have to say everything I have ordered has been fantastic. I mostly do to go because I work in the area but they are always quick and friendly.
Delish.  Love the pretzel bites.  No Brie however, so I'll have to go back for the April something sandwich.  Banh mi tacos did not disappoint.
I'll never forgive myself for a waiting so long to try this place! We had the Mac bites, colonel's bowl and dumb cluck. Each was delicious and the bowl alone would have been enough for two people. My beer came flat and it took a little while to tell our server so by the time my food came I'd sampled several other beers but nothing clicked so I went without. My server was nice enough to insist on more samples :) so it was basically a free beer:) Prices are clearly on the higher side (lunch for two, one app, one drink +20% =$65) but dang if it wasn't worth every red cent! The view from the upper floor is great too:)
This place is really AWESOME... Great food, Great atmosphere, but most of all great service.  Really busy on Sundays though. Overall, I will keep on returning.
Good service, great cocktails, delicious meals with big portions. The garlic marscapone mashed potatoes are heaven, so is the bourbon brined short ribs. The fish tacos were tasty as fuck, but the avocado they used was a little underripe. Indoor and outdoor seating was cute, outdoor is much quieter and personal. Deserves 5 stars.
Maple Bacon Donuts?!?!?! Ummmm hello YES!!! Love the chips with the blue cheese drizzle wish it was a touch more bleu cheesy. I have to tell you I can't remember for the life of me what Entrée I had because honestly.... did I mention Maple Bacon Donuts?!?!?!?
This is my 3rd favorite restaurant anywhere and everywhere. The innovation on the menu goes beyond flavor and into color, menu design, adult drinks and more! From the first bite of an appetizer to the fanciful desserts available, every taste that hits my tongue at Datz is something I have never had before but based on my old favorites. The Oreo beignets are crazy delicious! The butternut squash bisque with ginger froth can get even the veggie-shy to take in some vitamins. Their Curried Vegan Winter Stew is so full of flavor! And order anything that has a side of their jalapeno-maple syrup for an extra smile :) I tell everyone who comes to town to try Datz!!
not sure how i feel about this place....... large portions aren't always a good thing in my opinion especially if the food doesn't really taste that great? Have been 3x and still not impressed. Service is upbeat and great.
Several people in the Tampa area recommended Datz, so we trusted them. We are glad we did. Amazing menu- unique and trendy and delicious items. MUST TRY the bacon flight!!! Chocolate dip (+3 other dips) & 5 kinds of bacon... Need I say more?! Also got a great bourbon and stout on draft and paired with the buffalo trace chocolate cake- YUM (had to celebrate my birthday). If I was staying here longer I would definitely come back.
We went there today with kids around 8PM. Kids menu cards were not provided. What my daughter wanted was not available. Only two courses were available. My spouse ordered April in Paris. The waiter took the order and came back to ask to change for they were short of Brie. I guess it was a bad Wednesday. Waiter was very friendly. The food was ok. We did not like the sweet chips. There should be other options for side. My son loved the fried Oreos. The Jack Daniel choc cake was lite and was not OD with sugar but it was not as tasty as I expected it. I havehad better.
I finally had the chance to eat here after hearing nothing but great things about this place. It did not disappoint! I had the Creme Brulee French Toast. It was crunchy, sweet and filling. Three things that I look for in creme brulee. My wife had chicken and waffles. They have absolutely hit it out of the park with that one as well. The fried chicken balanced with the waffles was great. We sat outside and they do an excellent job of keeping it cool with fans and the service was very helpful with the menu. I am sorry Datz and Tampa that it took me so long to come here!
I love this place! I usually go for a splurge when I visit but the last time I was there I had a really yummy cedar planked burger with a side salad. Not a bad option if you're being carb-conscious. I did have the fried green tomato app (shared with a friend and there was PLENTY) it was freaking delicious! Can't wait to go back.
This place is delicious. I loved the creativeness of their fries and their huge burgers. They even have huge cupcakes and they have us a free one for celebrating our anniversary there. Pricey but well worth it.
My cousin and I actually stopped by Dough to pick up some doughnuts and weren't originally going to have a bite to eat here, but we figured we should since I was on vacation and probably won't be back for quite some time. Boy am I glad I did. On first walk in, you'll notice Datz is a very open bar feel to it, but at the same time, it's a pretty nicely arranged and decorated restaurant. I believe the actual bar was located in the back, but I wasn't sure due to where we were seated. And even though Dough is located next door, they also have a counter in the middle of the restaurant where they sell the same pastries. It'll take a bit to digest the menu since mostly everything on it you've probably never had in combination before. The creativity of some of these meals are unbelievable. I wish we came here on some sort of food tasting tour just to sample every single dish, that's how curious I was. I was pretty sold on the Waffles N' Tweet dish, but I was in such a fish taco mood that day , so I went with the Blackened Mahi Tacos. I think my cousin also got the tacos, but in the Banh Mi style. We also ordered the Nom Nom and Cheese as an appetizer. As we waited, my cousin and I read over the drink menu. It's pretty overwhelming. The amount of alcohol they have, along with the brands they carry are pretty unreal. They had Pappy Van Winkle listed under it's own section, but sadly they were out of stock of all of them when we got there. Shame, I never see that stuff from where I'm from. The food came out and the presentation on both were amazing, not to mention, the amount of food you get is pretty crazy. The taco dishes came with three tacos loaded with which ever meat you chose, a mound of cilantro flavored rice in the middle, and a grilled corn on the cob with the husk still on it. Did I mention the corn was glazed with what tasted like an alfredo sauce and dusted with parmesan cheese? Absolutely delicious. I'll be back the next time I visit Florida and then maybe I can get my Pappy fix with some Waffles N' Tweet :).
First review! Couldn't have chosen a better place to start than here. Woke up at 11am on a lazy Wednesday and was in an adventurous mood for lunch with the mister. Heard rave reviews of this spot so we decided to take the 45 minute hike to outer South Tampa from Brandon to give it a try. The decor is awesome and reminds me of Brooklyn. A classy corner pub feel. The menus are newspapers and they let you keep a carafe of water at the table, yes. WE INDULGED, to say the very least. Started with the bacon jalapeño cheddar mac n' cheese bites which came with some kind of sauce that I forgot but it was very "zesty" and yummy (sriracha based, I think). We also ordered a basket of the baked parmesan truffle fries. The fries were a bit simple for like, $10, but I can't deny that they were seasoned and fried to perfection. Not too bland, not too greasy. Parmesan cheese and crunchy, sliced green onions topped off the basket. MOVING ON. I decided to go with the highly anticipated cheddar waffles and fried chicken STRIPS which was served with jalapeño maple syrup and sautéed spinach, extra garlicky, just like I like them. Hubby ordered the Vandross burger which is their version of a donut burger. A halved glazed donut, burger patty, melted cheeses and a tomato-based jam. Freakishly amazing. The perfect combo of savory and sweet, the unexplainable kind like french fries and vanilla ice cream. The burger was served with Datz's own house-made "potato chips" which were topped with blue cheese and green onions. Neither of us were crazy about those. I found the chips too sweet to be paired with blue cheese. No room for dessert. Our service was good. Our server was extremely knowledgable of the menu though and gave us thorough, honest opinions on what to order when we asked her. Needless to say, we came back the following week. For lunch, again (annoying, wanted breakfast but waking up early is for adults). Started with the Datzchos. Datz's nachos. Ehhhhh. $8 bucks later...I got the Vandross burger this time, but I  forewent the potato chips and sub'd it for the vegan curry stew (O.M.G). The stew was deliciousssssss! A generous helping of cooked down carrots, onions and I don't know what else because the curry flavoring turned it all a pretty orange color. I could eat that stew as a meal. And it came in a little mini dutch oven, I died (it's the little things). He got the Ty's Two Fister sandwich, really good. Nothing like Mr. Dunderback's sandwiches, but it was satisfying. He sub'd his chips for a bowl of their cheese grits, which were flavorless. :( All in all, I love Datz and will definitely be back! xoXoxo
Great!
Holy heck. The food I had here was ridiculously amazing. To start, the dachos were wonderful.  I almost never do sour cream, but it just went well with this glorious appetizer. Another appetizer that blew my mind were the truffle fries. That sauce they come with is a thing of glory. My friend ordered the waffles and tweet. I tasted it and enjoyed it, but I like my heart too much to try and eat that whole thing. I had the happy cow burger which is a vegetarian burger. I added sautéed mushrooms and goat cheese. It was so ridiculously tasty. I can't get over it. At the end of the meal, I sat back with a full belly and could barely breathe. So basically, the meal was glorious. Beware of the prices though!
An impromptu trip to Datz's for lunch was an A+ detour from our usual spots. I must warn you though, get here early or else you'll be waiting quite a while.  Thankfully, they have great stuff to check out in the meantime like a massive beer & cheese selection or the ever alluring baked goods.  The entire place is a serious foodie haven.  One could easily blow a couple hundred dollars on the gourmet goods alone. I decided to tackle the "Two Hot to Handle" which according to the menu is: sy ginsberg's corned beef, house-smoked pastrami, creamy cole slaw, Datz Russian dressing, on perfectly grilled Jewish rye.  My mouth is watering just by reading the description.  It was an epic battle between my stomach and this enormous sandwich (who had help from the homemade potato chips), but I emerged victorious.   If you want something different from your usual lunch routine then hit Datz's up.  The menu is extensive--pleasing any palate--and the portions are ridiculous.
Consistently friendly staff. Food is always good. Parking is not so hot and it's a little pricey but it's a great lunch spot for sure. Great vibe very different. Worth a stop by
I had the Kentucky chicken bowl Delicious! The cakes are huge and so tasty. Great atmosphere.
This place is awesome! It's not a chain...and it does things a little bit different. Shoot, I mean they even have bottles of Cheerwine (diet too) which is pretty impressive if you're from North Carolina and feining for some. I have had a few different sandwiches here - Smokey & The Bird is my favorite. The portions are HUGE and the price certainly isn't peanuts. You can easily spend $30 here on a lunch for 2...or $40 for dinner & no that doesn't include drinks. Oh, did I mention the drinks? They have at least 100+ different beers/ciders/ales in house. Awesome selection...if you can't find it, you probably can find a suitable replacement or something cool you might even haven't heard of. They have a candy counter here too...along with a cheese selection that would make a dairy princess proud. One more thing I forgot to mention - they have gelato too! Yay! If you're in South Tampa and would like to eat at a place that you won't soon forget - go to Datz.
The menu looked fabulous--American comfort food with a twist--but everything we tried was disappointing. Between three of us we shared the shrimp and grits, sweet and spicy wings, onion rings, and the chicken and waffles. The shrimp and grits were okay, but lacking in flavor, and the onion rings were too salty. One of the wings was all bone (it was really disgusting, I don't even know what part of the chicken it came from) and after telling the waiter about it, we weren't offered any discount, or even an apology. To top it all off, the waffles were tasteless and cardboard-like, and the fried chicken was reminiscent of the Shake n' Bake variety that can be made at home. The jalepeño maple syrup tasted too strongly of jalepeño, which eclipsed the maple flavor. I think the maple syrup and fried chicken combination is what makes chicken and waffles such an amazing dish, so, for me, that was a mistake. In contrast to the disappointing food, the service was great (apart from how our server handled the chicken wing situation), and the atmosphere was really cool. All in all it wasn't the worst meal I've ever had, but it was too expensive to return for a second chance.
We've been going to Datz for years, and have seen it grow into a very popular place. It's noisy, but not in a bad way. Don't go expecting quiet conversation, and you'll be fine. We tend to bring out of town friends and family, because it's a different place, and portions are huge. You pay more than comparable restaurants, but you won't leave hungry. Most times, I have leftovers. The craft beer selection is huge, and they also offer William Dean Chocolates. I do like their call ahead text message service. It was very accurate in its projected wait time. When you sit down, they put a basket of popcorn dusted with cheese and sriacha. It is crazy good! Our most recent visit had quite the mix of food: shrimp and grits, rabbit stew, fish tacos, short rib sloppy joes, hansel and gretel sandwich on pretzel bread, and a huge chicken and fresh fruit salad. Sandwiches come with their homemade chips, which are dusted with sugar! They are really good. Everyone in our party loved their food. A few needed take home boxes. We didn't leave room for dessert, but there is a bakery next door, owned by a Datz, called Dough. Will go there next time for sure!
Went here for the "Stop the Violence" event where all proceeds went to The Spring of Tampa Bay, Inc. Samuel Adams sample IPA's Summer Ale's and a few others were there and the staff donated their time to cater the event with awesome sandwiches, shrimp, bruschetta, and, the wildcard, corn dogs. It was a nice event, very moving. Much respect for Datz and everyone involved in this event. The turn out was impressive. It's good to know that others care about this issue. BTW, Breck P. is spot on, the chips are FANTASTIC! Dirty chips with a nice crunch. And the dipping sauce, good times.
Their version of the cuban sandwhich was very delicious. The service was fast and good. Will be back!!
Uhhhh....can we just say...AMAZING!!! I love Datz. This is a great place to eat. The food is exceptional and the portions are large. They have creative dishes and have had some featured on the Travel Channel and Food Network. Pretty cool. The selection they have is insane. There's so many things to chose from. The only downside is the parking but that's a typical South Tampa thing. Bread is baked fresh daily and the chips and sauce over it is made fresh. This place is a must try!
Mmmmm, Datz. Breakfast- awesome, Lunch- awesome. I have yet to wander over for dinner, but I'm expecting more of the same. Giant mugs of coffee, enormous portions of food offered in great variety, home made potato chips drizzled with crack... I mean blue cheese sauce. This place hits the spot. There's a reason their so popular. One of very few places that lives up to the hype. Check it out. Just don't take my table.
Ive only been here once, but was quite impressed. I had the colonel bowl and my friend had the meatloaf and neither of us were disappointed. Definitely put this on your list on spots to eat in Tampa.
I've been to Datz a few times now and I like it more every time I go. Pretty sure I've tried something different every time I've been as well and I'm usually a one-favorite-dish kinda gal. This weekend I got the eggs barbacoa and wow was it delish. Also enormous, seriously, think like feed-a-family of 3 enormous. The coffee's great and bottomless (a must), service is always stellar and the vibe is just right. My husband got the monkey bread on the side of his pastrami eggs benedict and he must have liked them both because there was literally nothing left on his plate. Bottom line is a highly recommend it! Don't let any of the bad reviews psyche you out.
I travel a lot and I come across a lot of great places.  Many of them I like and look forward to visiting in the future....everyone and a while I stumble upon a place I wish I had back home....  This was one of those places I wish we had back in the bay area.   It is hard to describe what was so great....the food was great the staff was nice and the atmosphere was fun.   They have 3 bars packed with people eating great food and waiting football.  As I ate my burger with fresh cut chips... I saw about 5 other dishes I would have loved to try. If I get to Tampa in the near future this place with be top of my list to eat again!
DELICIOUS!!! I had heard alot about this place so i had to check it out for myself! The atmosphere is fun yet laid back. Its got seating upstairs and downstairs. The bakery case makes you drool!! You can even "text ahead" so that you're table is ready when you get there. Our server was attentive and knew a lot about the menu which is great when you are a first timer. There are so many items on the menu that sounded amazing to me so it was tough to decide what to order! We started out with Dachos.. Datz's version of nachos.. yum! I ended up deciding on the chicken and waffle salad.. and it is just what it sounds like- fried chicken strips with a waffle cut into 4 pieces, lettuce, tomatoes, bacon cheese and ranch dressing. I ate every bite! It was delicious!! The price?? Very reasonable! My meals was under $15 and you get a huge portion! I am definitly looking foward to going back and trying another delicious entree on the menu!!!
I've been here twice in one month now, and I've driven all the way from Orlando! It definitely is a great place for couples, groups, families and more; so it is always busy. The second time I went here was at 3 in the afternoon on a weekday and the place wasn't jam packed like Sunday Brunch but was still busy with people scooping up seats right after another. The menu is scattered with a lot of yummy choices and it can be really hard to pick. Just go back and try some more! If you're there for breakfast/brunch try the monkey bread, it's delicious! Note: They don't serve their mimosa/Bloody Marys' until 11am on Sundays. And yes, I recommend the Bloody Mary's too.
There's always a line here for a reason. Not only is the food pretty awesome here, but the mini market and side displays of massive desserts, cheese and craft beers sends this place over the edge to foodie heaven. The menu is massive, which can be daunting for people who get anxiety about orderers remorse like I do. But it's safe to say anything you get is going to be yummy and satisfying. I honestly haven't tried many different restaurants in Tampa just because I always want to keep coming here to try something new. (And to drool over the cake slices as big as my head.) The four stars is for the service. Never had a truly great server here. Either mediocre or uncaring (would it kill you to start off with a "hello" and a smile?). Some sound advice: If you're going for brunch or during the peak hours of dinner, always always always use their QLess text feature. All you do is text them to "get in line" and they keep you updated with how much time you have left. Pretty awesome feature!
Delicious! I had heard about Datz for a while and finally decided to give it a try on a Sunday afternoon when I had a hankering for something out of the ordinary. When I arrived, I too experienced a jammed parking lot out front, but the side parking lot diagonally behind the building had quite a few open spaces. I was pleasantly surprised when I walked into the restaurant through double doors that were wide open letting the beautiful, cool sunny day inside. Wood floors, a staircase leading up to a second floor, shelves of spreads and marmalades for purchase, and a warm, homey bar in the back created a pleasant ambiance. When I arrived there was a wait, so my friend and I decided to go to the bar to have a drink. I tried both the prickly pear mimosa and the Sangria, and both were delicious, but there was something so exceptional about the Sangria! It was full-bodied with a splash of real fruit, and just a dash of cinnamon...some of the best Sangria I have ever had! Having come prepared for my Datz experience, I had looked over the menus online and made a mental note of all the things that I wanted to try, which was by far too much for just one visit. Upon my arrival, however, I learned that they were only serving off of the brunch menu (that was interestingly in the form of a newspaper), so while surprised I could not try all the lunch delicacies, it actually made my choice much easier. I decided to go for the pirate pancakes and I was not disappointed. They were fluffy, chocolate-y, and deliciously filling, garnished with a taste of coconut. I couldn't even finish them so I suggest they would be good to share if you came with several people who wanted to sample several different menu items. All of the portions seemed to be very large; I was awestruck as I watched the servers carry out heaping plates of food to the surrounding tables. Everything looked so good and there is so much more that I want to try! Even though I was tempted by the wide array of desserts featuring everything from massive cakes, mini pastries, brownies, and more, I was far too full after only half of my pancakes to order anything else. I will be back though for lunch or dinner to experience their other menus!
Very very nice, great service. Sat outside. Happy hour started at 2 had a glass of Chardonnay and ordered the Brie sand which, vegetarian:) my boyfriend and his friend had chicken and waffles and my mother had the burger no donut as the bun. Everyone loved their meals and only additions made were melted butter to the waffles to give it some extra moisture.  Would comeback great sauce selection too  happy!
Amazing little place, cant wait to go back when I am in Tampa in December... wish I could have gone back for lunch or dinner but didnt have time. Went for breakfast, the omelets are HUGE.. should have split! I got bacon, tomato, spinach... eggs were fluffy, spinach nice and fresh and bacon taaaaaasty. The potatoes it was served with tasted slightly old but they were still really good, lots of flavor. Service was great and the menu looked amazing. I had a hard time choosing!
It is pretty cool when you discover  the "best of something" at a restaurant and it didn't have to be announced with a cheesy self promoting sign. Seriously, how many places do you remotely trust that tout a world's best cheese steak, hamburger, or pizza, etc. Well Datz doesn't actively campaign for their homemade kettle cooked potato chips to be proclaimed the worlds best, but I'll go ahead and say it-- those are the best potato chips I've ever had. I'll even go out on a limb and say, best chips ever!! These seriously addictive chips would have been pretty amazing on their own but the light dusting of sugar, salt, and pepper along with the sprinkle of blue cheese dressing and scallions brought them to a whole another level. I would have seriously guessed that their special ingredient was crack cocaine by how habit forming they were. Alas, not everything is the worlds best at Datz. The deli sandwiches we ordered were competent and tasted good, but definitely weren't at the same mind blowing level as the simple chips. We had the" April in Paris" which featured brie in between crunchy country style bread and the "Roasty Toasty" which featured grilled portabellos. Out of the two the Paris was the better sammy, as the roast toasty managed to come out as hot as a steaming volcano yet the mushrooms were a little undercooked and dense. Figure that?!  Perusing their updated menu online I do see that there are some new additions for non-meat eaters, namely a vegetarian Vietnamese style Moises Banh Mi which subs mushrooms for pork which sounds very interesting. Also, a lobster roll called the Cape Cod Roll has managed to find its way on the menu as well. My love for lobster dictates a return visit soon to check that out as well. Do keep in mind that if are a vegetarian the menu as a whole really caters to a meat and potatoes crowd, so expect a lot of beef and more beef. The few items I mention above are pretty cover the veggie bases, except for the yummy bavarian-style pretzel bites which go well with their extensive beer selection. The beer list is definitely another main draw, and the winning combination of good beer and food leaves me wishing that Datz was a little closer to home.
Datz is definitely what many would deem an institution for Tampa. Definitely a fun story to romanticize on and appreciate and the passion behind the brand truly shows. I had yet to visit Datz, but on a recent trip back home, my parents were excited to take me for my first experience. Full disclosure: I had zero knowledge of the menu, layout, price points, parking situation, etc. Once we parked, which I'm sure was done so illegally, we grabbed a spot in line and waited for a table. We took first available and grabbed a table outside. Though it was a warm day (shocking, I know) the patio was significantly cooler. I guess we showed up a bit late? Seated right around 1245 and it took our server at least 10 minutes to come ask about drinks or any food. Once she arrived, we ordered everything at once. Started with the Mac Bites and the bacon sampler. Holy COW the mac bites are awesome. They come with a bit of a spicy-ish mayo dipping sauce. Not my cup of tea, but the mac bites themselves were wonderful. Can't say I've ever had anything like them before. The bacon sampler? Ehhh. Kind of an odd presentation and concept. One to two pieces of several varieties of bacon/pork items and four dipping sauces. Not sure I get it, but maybe bacon fans will go nuts for that. Also, the chocolate dipping sauce was identical to Hershey's syrup. SO gross. We each ordered a sandwich -- Rockin' Reuben, Dirty Bird, and the Hansel & Gretel. Damn! All of them were amazing. The Hansel & Gretel was the clear winner on texture the flavors of the Reuben were spot on. The Dirty Bird was really good, too. They make a mean sandwich and I'd order any of them again. Sadly, our food did take about 35 minutes to arrive. Not a huge deal, but just kind of disappointing as it didn't seem to be an off hour or even that busy, for that matter. Also, the seating system using a phone number to text when your table is ready a bit.... unnecessary. I think the hiccups we experienced were total flukes. Honestly, they wouldn't keep me away anyhow. I'm really stoked to revisit at some point and have another sammich, try a few of those amazing desserts, visit Datz Dough, and check out their new concept -- Roux.
Great owners who are really committed to making a restaurant you want to visit often. The pace has changed over he years. Started as a restaurant/gourmet food shop and has evolved to the New 'Gastro-Pub' concept. Great beer options, intense focus on spirits, committed to the community.  They re benefiting by the change in the neighborhood which includes BT's, Cru Cellars, Beef o'Bradys and several other restaurants in walking distance.  This area has generally been dead to food restaurants and it I nice to see it alive. Long time Tamp residents will know his area was home to t original Pane Rustica and the Datz site was home to an amazing but poorly supported food concept by Misc en Place. Food at Datz is generally inventive. Who puts Mac & cheese inside the meatloaf? The Sunday family dinners are a good value an could be better supported by fans. The tastings and events are usually fun.  Heck, if you spot a cool food trend anywhere in the US, let he owners know & they'll likely try it to see if it gets local support.
Disappointed AGAIN with Datz and for the last time. Horrible food!  What is with the hype?  I've been here two times and both times the food was served cold, COLD!  I didn't complain then because my server was a ghost. The long wait is not rewarded.  The food is bland, bland, bland.  The quality of ingredients is a joke.   Am I the only person in Tampa with taste buds?   Coffee filled with grounds.  The side of fruit was not freshly cut, served in a puddle of its own water.  I mean WTF?  Can you trust anything coming out of a kitchen that cannot or will not serve freshly cut fruit?  How lazy is that? This place is in business because of a great location and interesting interior.   Tasteless in all aspects.   Oh and the prices are criminal.  What a joke, wake up DATZ!  This place stinks.
Datz is definitely a staple in the Tampa Bay area & very well known, as is obvious by the 700+ reviews.  Ive eaten here half a dozen times and while the food has never been bad, it's never been amazing.  Nor has the service.  Majority of my visits have been over the weekend and the restaurant is always slammed.  Especially during Sunday brunch.  Be prepared to be patient & comfortable with a very loud, noisy atmosphere and staff running about. Since it takes a lot for me to feel like I'm getting bad service & I've only had one rude bartender experience here, but that still wouldn't be enough deter me from regular visits.  The lack of my regular visits has more to do with not being wowed with the food.  Again, nothing has been bad, just a fancier version of Chilli's w/ a few curve balls, like their truffle french fries.   If I could rate their cakes and deserts on a separate review, I would definitely give it a perfect 5 star rating! For those that are curious & have some time on their hands b/w all the reviews; my only "real" bad experience was as follows:  Met some friends at the bar, they had been there for awhile, already finished eating & were having drinks.   I ordered the Kale Salad, which came out w/ diced celery in it, which I really hate.  The description said nothing about celery.  The bartender was directly in front of us, since the bar is a 4 ft. square box, saw that I was not eating my food and got visibly annoyed.  Hate being a pain to staff, so I patiently waited about 10 mins for him to ask me how my food was.  I didn't waive my hand in the air or even say anything until he asked. Then let him know I wanted to get something else b/c I despised celery & had I known it was embedded in the salad, I wouldn't have ordered it (but politely).  Service got even worse after that, to the point that we couldn't even get drinks & ended up leaving to go elsewhere.   My group of friends said later that there was no worries with the service before I got there.  So maybe I just pissed the bartender off?
Always good food and drink at Datz. I tried the poutine to see if it stands up to the real deal. The twist works but I would have liked more gravy to the demi-glace and the fried egg could have been more runny. The flavor and seasoning was good but it didn't blow my mind away. Having grown up in poutine land, guess I'm used to more hearty and cheese curd filled experience. Ty's Two Fister is one of my fav's. The sweetness and punch of the honey Dijon makes this sammy a hit. The shrimp and grits are my wife's usual choice that has a creaminess and spice to match. The pasta with cherry tomatoes, spinach and chicken was flavorful and the leftovers was even better the next day. Did I say that portions are abundant? Consistently a great choice whether brunch, lunch, dinner or late night.
Really great food! We had the Mac Bites and the Datzcho's with beef brisket. We split the burger with blue cheese and bacon.  Everything was amazing! Loved the appetizers and the burger was cooked perfectly. We sat at the bar upstairs and our bartender (Greg, I think?) was very attentive and friendly. We really enjoyed our whole dining experience and would definitely come back!
Wahhhhh!!! I wanted to love this place. I had never been before, and I could tell there was still a glimmer of what they used to be before they got too big for their britches. I wanted go to that Datz, but I was too late. They don't seem to have adjusted to how popular they've become. I went on a Sunday for brunch and the wait was an hour, which I fully expected and wouldn't have minded if the experience once I sat down made up for it. It didn't. While waiting to sit I ordered a $10 "Prickly Pear Mimosa". Now, don't think I'm one of those people complaining about the price. At the disgruntlement of my significant other, I love fancy $10 cocktails! Of course it took a while to get the drink (again totally expected). However this thing looked and tasted just like a regular mimosa. In the southwest, prickly pear drinks are usually pink in color and sweet. This was orange and just mimosa-ey. I couldn't really ask because these bartenders are tricky. Once you get your drink they never look at you again until it's time to cash out. When we sat our server was flustered and totally in the weeds. If I wait an hour for a table, I kinda expect it was for a reason, to properly space it all out, no sign of that. Anyways, we ordered a cinnamon role with bacon to start and I want to say it was "amazing!" buuutt I wouldn't know, cause we never got it. Instead, our food came and at that point we knew there was no 1,000 calorie appetizer coming...heartbreak set in. The food was pretty ok. My friend got the hash and had to send it back. The egg on top was noticeably overcooked. It got fixed, so no hard feelings. I ordered a breakfast sandwich and it was smothered in cheese. Anything smothered in cheese is going to be good, though. No culinary genius there. So, what I'm saying, is there are two ways I would go back: 1. If it's a Tuesday at like 3 and I obviously have no job. I would come to drown my sorrows in melted cheese or 2. I had a time machine and could travel back to when this place was still new and hungry to impress.
Datz = paradise for foodies!  Not your traditional American comfort food restaurant...imaging traditional, but with a twist.   The chicken & waffles are out of this world and the pumpkin pancakes; one of the best I have ever had...and the Havana hottie, not your traditional Cuban sandwich, with a touch of honey add a sweet touch, not overwhelming.... A little bit pricey, but worth it!!!! This is one of our spots for date nights!!! Great selection on local craft beer...food here is fresh, with a twist and delicious In general, a great place to eat...the food and the experience are the keys for their success.
Datz was highly recommended to me by more than one person and truly lived up to its hype. The atmosphere is fun and casual, with more than a touch of whimsey. The service was incredibly responsive with recommendations delivered based on the individual and with a touch of humor. The food itself was outstanding. The table ordered chicken and waffles and the famous meatloaf (need I mention that the meatloaf is stuffed with mac and cheese). Everything on the plate was plentiful, rich and delicious.  And I forgot to mention the wine and beer lists....something for everyone with solid selections across the board.
I just love this place, I have been here a bunch of times and have always had a good experience.  What I can say is do not neglect to have a meal next door a Dough, they have there own menu and in my opinion better but then again not everyone likes that level of complication.
Man...The one time I try to surprise my boyfriend at his favorite restaurant, Datz really let me down...twice. Docking two stars from my previous 5-star rating.   Boyfriend recently graduated early with his bachelors and his Uncle, who he hardly ever sees, was flying down to surprise him.  I found out all of this last minute, and based on my recommendation, we decided to set this up at his favorite place to eat...DATZ! So Uncle was to surprise him at the table that I would reserve---and we had to play around work schedules for maximum surprise effect, so we settled on a time of 7:30.  We'd get to the table, and surprise! Long lost uncle! Yay! Only one problem...Datz refused to make my table reservation.  I called in the morning to reserve a table for 4 (has never been an issue before) and was told that they would not reserve a table at 7:30 because of "peak" hours or something. Well...isn't that WHY you make reservations in the first place? So I began to explain to the cold, unfeeling, representative on the other end of the line about how this was a very special occasion, our party was only 4 people, and we needed a table for the surprise "set-up". I begged and pleaded (professionally...) but apparently a table of 4 was too much to spare and she was unwilling to make any special arrangements even under these circumstances. Boo! If it weren't for my boyfriend loving this place, I probably would have given up...there's nothing that irks me more than supporting places who aren't customer friendly. So what did we do? Uncle planned to be there an hour early and hang out at the bar to ensure we would get a table on time. I felt bad really...making him wait for us... To add insult to injury, our food came out really, really slow...even by Datz standards. We probably would have ordered dessert if we weren't so worried that it would take forever to get to our table. Datz has been friggin' amazing in the past. I mean, really, really, impressive. But the one day I trust this place to keep being awesome, they totally let me down.
Sadly enough, Datz is not what it used to be. I visited Tampa in Oct. 2012 after moving away the year before, and HAD to go back to Datz. I believe their head chef left, and their novel-length menu has been cut down dramatically, eliminating many of the favorites that drew us there in the first place. They have these parmesean pretzel bites that were once an amazing appetizer, but now are overly salty and taste odd. They removed so many hot dishes (the ribs!! why!!???) and though Ari's Dilemma is gone, they asked my husband what came on it and made it for him anyway. Datz was previously my favorite restaurant in Tampa, for the ambiance in part but also because of the incredible food and big menu. But sadly that is no more. Now it's just an average restaurant. I should've known better, especially because previously you would wait an hour + to get in. This time there was no wait at all.
Well I came here because a ridiculously cute guy suggested it. lol :) Good wine, Good soup, Large menu, Good service.... ****
For brunch... PLEASE get the Kentucky Colonel Bowl! Nothing like perfectly fried chicken tenders, garlic mashed potatoes, bacon pieces, melted cheese, and grilled corn to get you started on a weekend morning. It comes with a buttery almost croissant like biscuit and an interesting tasting syrup. It's a HUGE portion! The boyfriend had the chicken and waffle benedict. I am obsessed with those grits!!! Great freshly squeezed orange juice. Even had great coffee. It's strong, but not bitter at all. I love the ambiance of the restaurant. Rustic modernism. Everywhere you look there's something interesting to look at. The menus are printed on what looks like your Sunday paper. They have a great beer selection. Staff is friendly and fast. What's not to love!? If I'm ever in the Tampa area again, I'll definitely be back to try their lunch and dinner menus.
After hearing about Datz since moving to Tampa Bay years ago ... and seeing their yummy seasonal specials posted on the marque outside of their MacDill Avenue location. ... I FINALLY tried Datz for brunch with friends on Christmas Eve. We worried need a reservation, and they are probably a good idea on the weekends, but there was space outside, and at the bar. We waited only about 10 minutes for a table in a prime location: the second floor balcony. I was really surprised by the cool, chic interior. I guess I was expecting a lunch-counter type deli. I was *not anticipating the cozy, multi-level interior, funky newspaper-style menus and eclectic decor that included what looked like chandelier-styled wine racks. Since I was Saturday, and Christmas Eve after all, my group ordered a round of mimosas. (I wound up having three!) They were an impressive size and quite tasty, but then again it's tough to screw up a mimosa, right? One of my dining buddies ordered a burger, but recommended that the brunch was "a must!" for my first time at Datz. So I immediately turned to the brunch section and the first thing that popped off the page: Red Velvet pancakes. Wha-WHAT?! Those sounded fantastic, but really sweet. So I opted for something completely bonkers: the banana-peanut butter-bacon waffle. I mainly wanted to try it because I've been wanting to sample a bacon-with-something-sweet concoction. I got bacon on the side too. Admittedly, I wasn't sure what to expect, but the waffle wound up to be quite tasty! The peanut butter and bacon went together fantastically, and the banana added a great texture. If I have any complaint (and it's a little one), it's that together the thick waffle, peanut butter and bacon were pretty dry, but I didn't want to spoil the whole thing by smothering it in syrup. I'm not much of a syrup girl anyway. Regardless, the waffle still gets a two thumbs up from me! I'm looking forward to trying other brunch options in the future! The last stop for us: checking out the pastries in the deli area. There was a red velvet cake as big as my head that looked fantastic. I passed....this time.
After hearing everyone rave about this place, I was super excited to eat here. I understand having to wait for a table, after being sat and placing our food order we waited almost an hour to be served our meal. What was even worse is we kept seeing food from people who ordered after us being served. When the food arrives, it is lackluster, dry and blah looking. This is the blandest food I have ever put in my mouth. Nothing on my plate had any flavor. I had the chicken and waffles Benedict. I would not recommend eating here.
Eh... That's all I have to say about the dishes I had there. Just because it is big doesn't make it better. Everything is big there. The toast, the meatloaf, sandwiches. The size of everything is for the hand of giant.  But all that size doesn't make up for the taste.  Although the food is good... I would have to say it isn't a place I would crave or suggest on my own.
The Chips are delicious for sure!
Atmosphere is great at Datz! Pay attention to details in the decorations as you walk in .. I love the wine bottle chandeliers! One of my favorite spots is the bar in the back because it's a little hidden and secluded from the rest of the restaurant. The food has always been fresh and delicious. The food is new American style. They have a wonderful brunch menu too. Any of the brunch options and a delicious cappuccino & a glass of mimosa is what I call a great start to my weekend and they provide me with just that. Every time. They have a huge variety of beers & new beverages to try so you will not be bored. I promise. Tap into your adventurous side! Ask about their spices rum. The dessert menu is vast & now they have datz dough next door too if you would like to head over there for a caffeinated beverage and sweets. The staff are attentive & nice. They get really busy especially weekends so make sure to call ahead for a table and be patient. Food and dinning out is an experience in itself to be enjoyed and savored.
AWESOME!!! They do comfort food and add their own unique twist to it. JT our server was excellent.
I've been here numerous times and have not been disappointed. Great food!
Holy bacon Batman! Any place that offers a bacon appetizer is coming out of the gate strong. What a fun restaurant to do my 100th review on. We walked in on a Friday night with no reservation, luckily we were able to get immediate seating at the upstairs bar. Since we sat at the bar, let's get the drinks out of the way: huge selection. I started off with a rum and coke, they had their own type of spiced rum which was very tasty. I followed that with a very dark beer called Left Hand Milk Stout. It was awesome. I switched to a lighter beer called Leffe Blanche de Bruxelles when my dinner arrived, also a very tasty beverage. For an appetizer we ordered When Pigs Fly. $15 for five different pieces of bacon and four dipping sauces may seem a bit on the high side, but come on, it's a bacon appetizer, you just have to do it. Totally worth it in my opinion. There were so many tasty options for the main course I had trouble deciding. I hemmed. I hawwed. Finally I decided on The Boss, which was an 8 oz grilled shoulder tender, alderwood smoked salt, bloody mary tomatoes and horseradish sauce. The wife ordered a biggity big big burger. I scoffed. I informed her that I've eaten at some of the finest burger places in Saint Petersburg, I was sure their burger could not compare. Her burger arrived and I immediately regretted chastising her. It was huge.....no, no...it was ginormous. I heard trumpets blare. It was a thing of beauty. She forgives me easily because I'm a man, and therfore an idiot. She let me try a bite. It was every bit as delicious as it appeared. I think it was made out of ground-up angels. My dinner, although good, did not compare to her burger. The bartender was attentive and informative, we really enjoyed the service. This is definitely, without a doubt a place we will come back to, there's so much more on their menu that I must eat and drink.
Whenever I have friends/family that are foodies in town who want to be impressed with Tampa's Best or when I want to feed my inner fat girl...I go to Datz. The portions are pretty decent and everything tastes so good. I recently went there after I did a fitness competition and I knew Datz would be the perfect place to have a post competition 10 weeks of dieting celebration binge. I ordered the french toast which had chocolate and nuts all throughout. It was way too sweet for me to finish. The first 2 bites were good and then I started to get dizzy...I almost thought I needed a shot of insulin. It probably didnt help that I had a huge mocha coffee drink with whip cream on top ( that was really good). Usually go this time of year because they have the best pumpkin pancakes. They are moist, huge, and fluffy. Datz is great..not way too expensive, and I love the variety of their menu.
Very very long wait. We texted and were told 45 minutes, but it took over an hour. We sat upstairs. Decor is cute. Nice waiter. Cream sickle pancakes were way too sweet. Like eating cake with frosting for breakfast. Same with pirate pancakes. But we knew that might happen based on the ingredients. Husbands turkey sandwich was yummy...though he wanted the rabbit stew and it was not available. I would go back. The menu is interesting and there were many things I would want to try. Just be prepared to wait. But once we were seated everything moved very quickly and it was a nice brunch.
This place has one of those menus that makes it very difficult to pick out one dish.  Most recently, I went to Datz for brunch.  I ended up with a Pastrami Benedict, made with in house smoked pastrami.  It was terrific.  The do call ahead seating, so make sure to use it, since there is always a wait.  While waiting they have a full bar and a coffee bar.  They are busy for a reason.  Also, they have a really excellent beer selection.  Sometimes they host events that are a lot of fun.  I attended a Kentucky Derby themed event with a bourbon tasting.
Had a great lunch experience while visiting Tampa. We had just landed so we ordered the fried mac and cheese bites. They were delicious, with a slight kick from jalepenos. I ordered the Havanah Hottie, a cuban-style sandwich with pulled pork and ham. The pork was tender and clearly a good cut of meat. A thin layer of pickles at the bottom of the sandwich balanced the sweetness of the pork and the mustard sauce. My husband ordered the Big A$$burger, which he said was one of the best burgers he's had, and that the meat was juicy and flavorful. The menu said it was 100% ground chuck steak, which explained it! Our service was good and we enjoyed the ambiance and decor. After lunch, we popped over to the bakery next door, Dough, where I got several different macarons. I'd love to come back here if I'm ever in Tampa!
I just love what Datz is doing-- this is a restaurant that is truly nailing it all across the board. Their marketing is on point and newspaper menu is refreshing. Most recently I went there for dinner and while the rest of the table enjoyed the Mac & Cheese bites, I went with the French Onion Soup which was good. I had the April in Paris sandwich and it was great! My only issue is that the homemade chips could use a little more blue cheese drizzle. Great beer list and an "idiot proof" wine list. Parking is questionable but let's face it, most of us could use a block-block and a half walk after our meal.
Never dissappoints
This place has huge "word of mouth" publicity, but I have absolutely no idea where it's coming from and I would warn you to lower your expectations significantly before you dine here.  I went with my best friend for lunch and immediately ordered a bloody mary because I'd heard they were possibly the best in Florida and a house specialty.  What came was really watered down tomato juice with a piece of bacon in it.  I was flabbergasted.  We developed several theories over the course of the meal about what could have transpired in order for them to serve such a thing and claim it's "award-winning" - Maybe they left the mix on the counter so it's warm and when they pour it over the ice, most of it melts?  Maybe they used a warm glass, fresh from the dishwasher?  Whatever the case, I politely asked my waitress for a small glass of tomato juice to fix the watery mess, and she kindly obliged.  We decided to split the chicken & waffles and were informed that there's a split meal charge (I believe $3.50) which was A) ridiculous and B) not on the "menu" (a newspaper).  We considered leaving, but since we'd already ordered the drinks and set our minds to chicken & waffles, we decided to stay.  The "rosemary waffle" turned out to be a plain waffle with a sprig of rosemary sitting on top...seriously.  That's like when you order blueberry pancakes and they throw three blueberries on the stack.  The chicken was actually really good, it had some kind of honey pecan breading that was delightful.  The bourbon maple syrup was disgusting, and I love bourbon.  Once I voiced my disappointment in the overall quality of the establishment and the food, my friend remarked, "Thank you, I thought it was just me!"  She'd been there several times before with people who thought it was just wonderful and she'd never been impressed.  My theory is that everyone secretly doesn't like this place, but they're all afraid to be the one to say it first.  I'm happy to be the guinea pig: It wasn't very good.  And $18 plus a split plate fee for chicken & waffles is crazy talk.
It was our first night in Tampa and came to Datz based on their good reviews. It was a long wait since they were so busy but it was worth it! Food and portions are really good! I think our waiter was Jason. Jason was very helpful with questions we had about recommendations and attentive to our table even though his mom was there celebrating her birthday. We ordered a couple different desserts since they looked so good but that's where it stops. They look much better then they actually are. Will be back just for the food and beer!
Food was not awesome for above average prices. Slow serve on a night that was not busy
When I saw this place from the outside I wasn't very sure what to expect, but once I stepped inside I was instantly excited. The atmosphere is fantastic! Food... The food was good. I tried a total of 4 dishes (I like to try a little bit of everything)  and some dishes stood out a lot more than others. My only real complaint is the server that brought out my food was not the same as my regular server... He would just drop off food at my table and not explain anything... I would start eating and then my regular server would give me the low down... But check this place out! It was fun!!'
Service was really slow. There was over an hour wait to get a table for four on a Saturday night. Once we were seated and our order was placed, I had to go order a drink from the bar myself because the waitress never came back to take my drink order after she gave me the cocktail menu. The food wasn't as great as I was hoping. I got the waffles 'n tweet expecting something amazing but it was just average. There wasn't enough syrup for the waffles and the waitress wasn't around to bring more, so I wasn't able to eat most of it. My parents drove all the way from Lakeland to join us and I don't think they thought it was worth the drive. Cute interior and fun atmosphere though - a little too loud upstairs. Maybe it's good for a drink and quick bite at the bar.
I started adding bacon to my Bloody Mary as well, yum! Great beer and cocktails, the food is unique but sometimes bland. Just had the chicken & waffles, they were really good, but Edison's are better.
The food can't be beat, but be prepared for a long wait time even if you use the text reservation system. Our wait was quite a bit longer than the 54 minutes the text system told us it would be. Then it took a while for the food to arrive. It was delicious, but it was a long wait.
This was my first time visiting Datz. I picked something I wouldn't normally pick, I adventured away from my safety food of burgers. I picked the cue the brisket. It's a smoked brisket with zesty bbq sauce, creamy cole slaw, and on a sweet sourdough bun. The presentation alone on this meal was fantastic. The taste was out of this world. I didn't want to waste any of it. Although i should have saved some to bring home, but used the excuse that we weren't going home right of way. Definitely a great place to go. Can't wait to go back to enjoy the rest of the brunch menu.
Had great time - Kayla great waitress !! Idea for your "WHEN PIGS FLY" make small dough rolls as pillows for the "pigs" and have small toothpick flags that name they type of bacon! Great food - looking forward to next trip - Steve
Their profile is incorrect. The profile says they deliver...they do not.. A company that truly delivers, takes your order and payment over the phone / online and then brings the food to the address you submit on the same day or a set time in the future. Datz has a catering department that will drop your food off with 48 hours notice. To place an order, they take your name and email address and pass it on to Katelyn...who at some point gets in touch with you. This means the 48 hour process begins once Katelyn gets back to you. I've come across several companies that augment their Yelp profile to include services they don't truly offer as a way to show up in more search results. Datz is now one of them.
I went to Datz last week and tried their prix fixe menu for restaurant week.  I hadn't been there in a while after a couple of bad lunch experiences.  However I had heard they changed their menu up and we really liked our dinner.  The watermelon salad was delicious and the shrimp and grits were amazing.  My husband loved the fish and chips.  The little donuts were a perfect ending.  The server was very nice, a little slow with the drinks but they were pretty busy.  Will definitely be back.
I have yet to have a bad meal at this place. They continue to step up their game with new menu items. They also have a good beer selection. The best part is Dough next door. They have some wicked awesome deserts.
A large group of orlando-ites sojourned west to Tampa to celebrate my brothers birthday and this was our destination.  Datz delivered on all fronts - just really...REALLY tasty food served in a cool atmosphere.  Like the description says, gastropub is probably the best way to categorize this feast hall, and while the beer menu could perhaps be little more diverse, the food quality more than made up for it.  All 12 of us were very happy and service was extremely efficient the whole time. We're all now thinking about the next time we have to drive out to Tampa and fill our bellies at Datz!
Datz is a very friendly, clean, and fairly pricy place that I cannot help but love in spite of it's short-comings. The waitress was ridiculously chipper, and helpful and timely throughout. We had the datchos with the brisket, which was HUGE and delivered just hot enough. Both entrees were very good, and the time from ordering to table, was brisk. Only reason for 4 stars was parking, and my Moscow Mules were not very strong. All in all, it was a great time, and I do not see a reason why I wouldn't be back next time I make an excursion to South Tampa.
I'm getting so use to bland and tasteless food in tampa that I had to pinch myself just to make sure I wasn't dreaming (or out of tampa). Datz is such a cute trendy eccentric place with great atmosphere and *HOLD UP* even delicious food! Not only was the food delicious but I had a great server too! So I tried my friends chicken and waffles and I was shocked at the portion size. The size was pretty decent and it tasted great.  I ordered the fish tacos with Mexican grilled corn and it was very tasty as well. My other friend ordered a fish dish and although it was delicious, the portion was rather small compared to the other dishes. I liked the newspaper menu and the food options. Generally I'm stumped because everything on the menu doesn't seem that great but Datz menu was hard because there were so many delicious things to choose from (I WILL try the mac & meatloaf next time!). It took awhile to get our orders but we had a large party. I will be coming back to datz soon!  Highly impressed! UPDATE: I finally got to try their travel-channel, famous, always sold out' jalapeno mac n cheese stuffed meat loaf with garlic potatoes'. The garlic potatoes were delicious but the meatloaf? Really? It was on the travel channel?! I tasted no jalapeno in the mac and cheese and the meatloaf was SUPER bland. l can't believe it's $20 for that lump of mediocrity! My boyfriend tried the pull-pork and it was decent. So I'm updating my review because after trying 3 dishes:1 very delicious, 1 decent and 1 nasty.... 3 stars is only fair.
We were excited we could get in on a Friday morning for breakfast. The decor was so cool and the menu looked delish. Too bad we waited 20 minutes after being seated and no one came to serve us. We finally got up and left and a server inside (who was standing right by the door) just watched us leave and didn't say a word. Onto the next place with better service.
Really liked this place.  Eclectic decor and the homemade bread on all the sandwiches was to die for.  Had the brisket sandwich and the home made chips were killer.  Sandwiches were HUGE.  Will definitely come back.  Nice outdoor patio
Great gastropub with a really nice interior and very good food. Their brunch menu is awesome. Their hash is amazing, and monkey bread is to die for. My friend got the chicken and waffles and he really liked it. Their dinner menu is just as good. And their potato chip appetizer is surprisingly really good.
I had my first visit to this restaurant last night.  I must say that Jesse's review below was spot on. A $12.00 Reuben sandwich should have meat thicker than the overall thickness of the bread and should at least cover all of the bread. By the time I reached the edges, I was eating only bread and russian dressing. They make sauerkraut rye bread in house, and it has an unusual and unpleasing taste with no bite to it. Service was acceptable, the decor was hip and very nice, but the food did not live up to the hype I heard before going. On the positive side, the GM or possibly owner came by my table to ask how everything was. I shared with her my disappointment in cold soggy chips with a blob of blue cheese aoli instead of a drizzle, and she was genuinely concerned. She did offer to get me something else, but I was already full on what I had eaten. When she offered a complimentary dessert, I did except and took it to go back to my hotel. I don't judge a restaurant is solely on one visit, so I will go back. Three stars given for decor, for service, and service recovery by the GM.
Love this place never disappoints. Great food, drinks and service. Would recommened to anyone.
Have been to this place more often than I care to admit - BUT, this last time I went, I took a friend there for her bday dinner. Wouldn't you know it - HER food came out cold, 2x, and the Manager had to get involved to rectify things! We had a horrible server and I was mortified because I had been lucky enough to have had awesome service up until then! To TOP things off, coincidentally, the same credit card I used there was fraudulently used a few days afterwards. I like the place and will probably return, but this visit sucked!
One of the best rated restaurants in Tampa, and for good reason. Hearty portions, delicious homemade chips with a crazy good sauce, and an incredible dessert selection. Service was every so slightly slow, but not overly so considering how busy it was. But the food was the real star, and worth every minute of waiting.
First reaction: OMG, seriously Tampa Bay?!   This place is incredible and one of my favorite restaurants that I've eaten at all year.  My good friend who was born and raised in TB took me here and I was blown away.  It is a specialty market, test kitchen, bar and restaurant all in one.  The hipster atmosphere and trendy decor (chain link fences as railings) was a direct throwback to something you'd find in Portland Oregon.  My friend and I shared the pretzel bites to start which were *amazing* and went well with my Cigar City Jai Alai IPA.  Then I got the Carolina On my Mind pulled pork sandwich and it was UNBELIEVABLE.  I lived in Memphis for 4 years so I know what good pulled pork is, and this I have to stay was a step up!!  So juicy, full of flavor and huge chunks topped with cole slaw on a sourdough bun...mmmm perfection.  Plus it comes with the house made potato chips with the creamy blue cheese dressing....aw man!  I'd be here every week! Not to mention they have Full Sail, Shiner Bock (Texas), and the Prisoner red wine!  Beat still my heart.  Will hit this place up every time I am in TB from now on.
Never had a bad meal here. Great food and great beer/drink selections. Always too full for desert!!
They do such incredible work. Reasonable and friendly. Open 6 days a week closed on Tuesday.
Awesome food, awesome service - not a single complaint! The wait can get long on weekends, but if you text Datz when your on your way you get put on the wait list! Beyond the amazing food, their atmosphere is what really makes this place. With the occasional live music, and small area to do some shopping - this is a MUST in the Tampa area!
Datz is one of those places that gets good and bad press because most people expect too much when dining out.  My wife and I go there every once in a while to see whats new on the menu.  They have fun and creative dishes that aren't too pretentious and the drinks are usually good as well.  We have been for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and as far as the food goes, it was all delicious.  The service suffers at times but I'm not super critical of any service as long as it's not out of this world ridiculous. There is a wait sometimes but they have a cool call/text ahead system that updates you via text as to when your table is ready or almost ready....saves time standing in the small lobby and being in everyones way.
I was just not impressed with this place. It was decent, but nothing special. I've tired several of the dishes many people are recommending on here and they were unique but not excuted well. The bacon was good, chicken and waffles sounded good but not one component on it was cooked well or flavorful. The doughnut burger was a mess, and so on... Baked goods were better though.
Killer brew and phenomenal atmosphere!  The food is simply perfect!  smoked Applewood bacon and chocolate...thats all I have to say!
Delicious, large sandwhiches! It's hard to choose from their menu!
Datz is never a bad choice for the size of the food option. I was not a fan of what I had ordered and quite3 frankly did not even finish it. It was not the fault of Datz nor the wait staff. I had something else in mind from the way it read on the newspaper style menu. I like Datz however have found better places to eat at a more reasonable price.
It's was ok. Service was good except our food was brought out about 3 min behind our appetizers. I told the sever bringing our food out that we had just received our appetizers and she laughed and said "yeah sometimes the kitchen is on fire". My chicken and waffles were not good. Chicken was dry and the waffles seemed almost stale. The meatloaf was really good though. Ended up splitting that with my wife. The macaroni bites were good as was the French onion soup. Undecided if I would go back. Other plates I saw going out did look good.
What a cool place. On the outside, clean but very unassuming. Much different once inside. There is seating upstairs and down. With full bar on the upper floor. Great and big beer menu with seasonal and local brews. I'm in town from California and was very pleased I came here during my short stay. They have a large menu, we ordered the Truffle fries and Pretzel bites appetizers. I had the "Pork Shank Redemption" which, despite is kitschy name, was an excellent meal. Everyone in my group enjoyed it. The service was quality. Took a little long to get our food out, but it was worth it. There is a pastry shop next door, which I believe is the same owner, and they had great desserts.
Datz is a very busy fun place with tons of wacky food and beer options that are usually pretty darn good.  I mostly stick to their now pricey $13 burger which is awesome and HUGE.  I used to like their big turkey sandwich but the last three years the turkey has been very dry, thick and old looking plus the sandwich just falls apart in your hands making a mess.  When Datz first opened, their turkey sandwich was piled super high with super moist turkey, yum!  Not sure what happened over the years.  Everyone there is super nice and friendly, the service is usually top notch every time.
Was a little annoyed at first with a long wait, but was well worth it. Also they kept handing out free samples of gellato so no complaints! Had the triple threat sandwich and was huge portion that tasted so good almost made myself eat it all at once. The breakfast sandwich we got was good too but pretty hard to mess that up. Now for the highlight, dessert and drinks! Spicy bloody mary was one of the best I have had. Mmmm bacon...we ordered a handful of the truffles and all were great. You have to try the PBJ! Can't wait to go back and stuff my face!
Went there for lunch with a friend a few months ago. Awesome Bloody Mary !!
It was great. Food was super. Service was amazing "Maggie" was one of the nicest a wonderful server.
Datz has been around for about a year or more now, and it seems to have hit on the right formula just recently by converting most of the downstairs deli into a cozy bar. Dim lighting, a large wall of craft beer taps and live music on certain nights combine to make this a cool hangout for the beautiful young types of South Tampa, never mind that most of them seem unjustifiably snobbish and snooty. Hey, they are 20-something and dumb. Whatever. The food is very good, but the portions are typically American: way too big for healthy eating. This means you are stuck lugging home a takeout container. I would cut the sandwich sizes and prices by at least a third. The homemade chips are good, slathered with some mystery sauce, which is probably not healthy either. The craft beers are the best thing about Datz. The service is spotty at best: most waiter are just young kids without a clue. One of them removed my pricey drink when it was still at least a third full. I told her about it and she poured me another, but still charged me. Duh! The owners here, I have heard, made a killing in some other business, so are spending a fortune running the place. I don't know if it's succeeding, but it is a nice alternative in S. Tampa. The parking war with Kalupa's Bakery next door is unfortunate. Evidently Kalupa's doesn't want the competition, so retaliates by having Datz customers towed, even at night when Kalupa's is closed. I have never eaten at Kalupa's, but I never will now after this absurd behavior.
Thought the meal was great, decor was nice and inviting while also giving it that intimate feel and the staff was perfect! Great place to eat whether with friends, family or a first date! :)
While my food was good, my friend received a very under cooked simple hamburger.  Waitress took the burger back after we waited almost 5 minutes for her to appear again.  My friend received a properly cooked burger almost 15 minutes later. No one came to apologize for the incorrect food and my friend paid full price with no acknowledgement when the bill came.  Furthermore, the receipt requests to send an email when you don't like the service which is not right.  They knew they screwed up and had the opportunity to address it with the customer.  Review sites are not for just good reviews.  Shame on inexperienced wait staff and shame on management for not making things right and trying to keep bad experiences off review sites.  This was my friends first time here and it will probably be his last.
great pancakes and monster sandwiches.  Only negative i could possibly give is parking.  I had to park so far away.  Made for quite a walk in the heat with an upset baby.  But the food was absolutely great!
Alright, I went back.  Cru Cellars was closed, and we weren't inclined to drive much further.  Didn't hurt that there was a gift card waiting with my name on it (as a result of my previous 3 star review, courtesy of Datz).   The meal was fine.  I would still give it 3 stars, 3.5 at most.  There are some winners here, like the mac n' cheese bites.  And the staff is friendly.  However, our entrees were lackluster - good concepts, mediocre execution.  I had the "tuna casserole" - essentially seared tuna on a bed of egg noodles with wasabi peas.  The pasta seasoning was delicious, but many of the noodles were stuck together, resulting in sections that were undercooked and hard.  Tuna was very underseasoned.  The hub had the pork shank - as he stated, "good, but nothing to write home about." Thanks Datz for the free dinner, but I'll stick with the 3 stars.  It's not that the food is bad.  It's just not great, and when there's so many other choices in this town, there's better places to go.
Datz is my favorite place to eat in Tampa. This artisanal Gastropub has amazing old-world ambience with preserves, books and other goodies lining the walls. The menu is hipster comfort food with items like chicken and waffles with jalapeño maple syrup, a modern take on meatloaf stuffed with Mac and cheese, lamb chops with quinoa and a strong and inexpensive international wine list. The soups rotate and are always good, too. Pro tip: There's never parking in front of the restaurant, which looks deceptively like a strip center storefront. But Datz has another parking lot around the corner across from the costume shop.
Listen let me tell you my belly rejoiced at the deliciousness of this wonderful restaurant. This is my new favorite restaurant. I can wait to go back.
My husband and I walked in to Datz for the first time today and this place was packed. Obviously an awesome eatery. I approached the bar to get a drink for our wait and before I can even remove my purse off my shoulder, the bartender with an attitude got nasty with me and told me I had to go elsewhere and could not sit there. I was out the door while my husband cancelled our table. The manager happen to be there and was beyond AMAZING! Morgan was relentless and made sure we did not leave no matter what. She kept saying that no one should leave feeling that way. Morgan made sure we stayed and had a good time and a GREAT meal. More managers should be like her. Datz is really lucky to have someone like her working there. The rest of the staff was also great. No only because of the amazing food and drinks, but mainly because of her we will be returning.
Love this place! The vegan curry stew is great, along with the truffle fries and the potato chips.
Just as expected.  The girls And I were off on our annual spring trip to Florida.  In years past we stopped for lunch at Mema's Alaskan Tacos (may she rest in peace, we miss you miss you miss you!) so we needed a new place to start off our vacation.  A quick search on Yelp and we knew we had to try Datz.  We loved the place!  Started with mimosas, brunch meal included mac n cheese bites, monkey bread, chicken and waffles and a breakfast sandwich.  Everything was good.  I found some of the tastes very subtle but well executed.  For example, the chicken, waffles and syrup were just ok when eaten separately but absolutely perfect when combined as should be.  The flavor of the syrup was spot on and it was nice the chicken was not over seasoned.  Oh the chicken was amazingly crispy, just the way fried chicken should be!  The mac n cheese bites were the perfect combination and no grease to be found.  I can't say how they cook them without a trace of grease.  Great experience and we all agreed we found our new vacation lunch spot.  Lastly our waiter Josh was awesome.  Attentive without being intrusive.  He kept us laughing and our drinks full (and in case you are wondering, I was the designated driver so I was drinking coke.....).  We will be back!
Terrible parking. Long waits. One of the worst coffees I ever had in my entire life. If you don't mind all of that, the food is excellent. I had the banh mi tacos and it was a fantastic fusion of Mexican and Vietnamese. The meat was super tender and the sauce was indescribably good. The corn on the cob it came with was covered with a interesting rub like a mayo, paprika, chili rub on it that gave it a real kick.
There was an hour wait when we got here around 1pm on a Sunday but luckily the bar was first come first serve and we sat at the one at the entrance. Our server, dani, was great. I was very sniffly 1/2 way through our meal and was quite disgusted when I looked up and saw the fence above us with glasses and pots and pans which was a functional decoration, dripping in dust. I pointed it out to our server and hopefully they clean it soon. I looked around at other areas and saw some cleanliness issues that needed to be taken care of. The short rib Benedict was good but a little bland.
The food is great and the restaurant has a great vibe. I ordered the orange/ champagne pancakes and they were amazing; I highly recommend them. They also have a great beer selection. I'm looking forward to going back.
Love Datz. Everything I have tried there is awesome. There is usually a huge waitlist for brunch but it is worth it. Our service this most recent time was not that great but every time we have been there before, it was great. We always bring friends from out of town here because it is always a feat experience.
Good food, brunch is hit or miss though depending on the wait. Expect 45+ min wait on Sundays.  A/C needs a boost on hot days. Good service, try the monkey bread.
Always have a hard time deciding what to eat, it's all so yummy.  April in Paris and Que the Brisket are my top 2.   Yum yum yum
A South Tampa staple...I have been frequenting Datz for the good part of 3 years. If you are going for lunch, be prepared for a bit of a wait if you aren't there before noon. The locals know what is good...and they flock there for the huge portions and there chips with the cream sauce (my boyfriends favorite). I personally love the sandwiches...well all of them really. And if you can spare the extra time, then wait for a burger (the burgers take 20 minutes to cook). They are awesome! I go for the ambiance, the fun quirky atmosphere and the good eats. Enjoy!!
My party of four arrived at Datz at 7:30 on a Friday nite... We were told that the wait was going to be 20 minutes and we adjourned ourselves to the bar... The bar staff was friendly and we ordered drinks and waited... After half an hour we went back to the host desk and inquired about our reservation. We were told that it was going to be another 20-30 minutes! We were not amused that the wait time could have been so misjudged. Also unfortunately, we had a an engagement to get to so we had to leave... hungry. On the way out the hostess did say she was sorry and gave us an orange card to notify us of call-ahead seating... thanks...
It's reviews of places like datz that make me lose total faith in yelp and all Internet recommendation places as a whole. Seriously, datz is not good. Food quality is poor and everything looks great on the menu but is a huge disappointment when it arrives to you.  And my biggest complaint- and I admit this is a personal opinion- but they put mayo on EVERYTHING!!  I liked the Mac and cheese there until I realized that it too has mayo in it. Their bleu cheese drizzle is mostly mayo which is why it has no flavor.  I went there today and after today I won't be back. The meal wrecked my whole day. I'm tired of the hyped up menu and utterly disappointing food. Someone mentioned the desserts and yes they are also very bad. I got peach cobbler one day and it came out w melted ice cream and soggy topping. Awful. And the parking is horrendus. Datz is not worth my nice car getting scratched in the comically tiny parking lot. People that give this place 4 or 5 stars simply don't know what they're talking about. Which i guess is fine - let the masses stay with the masses.   In summary: This review is targeted towards an audience with higher standards and a demand for real food and real quality. Datz is carb and mayonnaise ladened food that succeeds on their employment of the classic "bait and switch" tactic.  If you keep giving them the chance, their menu will suck you in every time and make you think you will get a satisfying, classic american meal, which is never the case.  A crafty menu is all that datz specializes in. Btw, money and calories are not factors in my reviews of food unless I feel particularly swindled. I want to comment on the food alone. So just keep that in mind.
Holy hell! This place is heaven for a foodie. How did it take me so long to finally get to this magical place??? I had...honestly I don't even remember what it was called but it was eggs and something. It was good. Period. Then I moved on to the Nutella and bacon covered French toast. Wowwwww. Then I had some of my friends donut burger. I was dead after that but It was worth it. I thought it was over but then I went to dough and bought a few things for a mid night snack. Bought some pumpkin macaroons and then a bacon covered filled donut. I think I died in my sleep again that night but like I said It was all well worth it.
I was visiting Tampa for a girlfriends birthday dinner and we yelped uniqued restaurants and came across Datz. The night prior I went online to make reservation for three at 7 pm. We ended up arriving around 5:30 pm because we were starving and we left early to beat traffic. We were seated immediately upon arrival and escorted upstairs. The restaurant is very art deco/modern feeling with their bottle chandeliers. Ordered Kentucky Colonel Bowl ($16):  boneless fried chicken over housemade garlic mashed potatoes, grilled corn and melted jack-cheddar cheese, topped with chicken gravy and bacon crumbles. served with house-baked cheddar biscuits & local honey. Mac bites ($8):  crispy benton's tennessee hickory smoked bacon and jalapeño mac n' cheese, sriracha aioli Waffles n' tweet ($18):  boneless fried chicken, cheddar belgian waffles, sautéed spinach, jalapeño-maple syrup. Oreo cupcake with sparkler complimentary for birthday girl I went with two girlfriends and we essentially shared all our entrees among the three of us and we still couldn't finish it. The food was so amazing and I will definitely come back visit. It reminded me of Hash House a Go Go but I definitely enjoyed Datz more! Service was awesome!
My boyfriend and I decided to try Datz out for dinner.  What a great experience.  We were welcomed into the restaurant and had a perfect view of the desserts offered.  The decor is modern with an upstairs level for seating.  We ordered the Reuben and Turkey-Ham sandwiches and subbed a side salad instead of chips.  Everything tasted sooooo good.  We saved room for dessert and ordered the lime-coconut cheesecake.  Tina was our sever and she was great!  I really appreciated the manager stopping by and asking how everything was.  We will for sure be back!
I dig me some Datz.
I have been several times for lunch, each time with someone new. I want people to know about this gem here in the heart of Tampa. I will one day try breakfast and dinner but for now, lunch at Datz sounds good to me every day. Let me begin by saying that their sandwiches are served with homemade chips drizzled in a blue cheese emulsion that are better than Pringles! You can't leave any behind!!! I have had the veggie burger, their regular burger, and a grilled cheese with roasted red pepper bisque. Every time, the food has been more than satisfying. Simple pleasures. The veggie burger perfectly accompanied by avocado and a secret sauce, soft Keiser roll bun. Vegetarian perfection. You'd never know it wasn't meat. Now the real burger, cooked to order, sheer bliss. Made with your choice of cheese and toppings, even bun. A customized burger! Need I say more! You won't be dissatisfied. The crunchy grilled cheese, great ratio of cheese to bun and dipped in the roasted red pepper bisque. Perfect twist to a classic pairing. A friend with me had the waffles and tweet. Jalapeño infused maple syrup, cheddar waffle, and perfectly crisp and juicy chicken tenders. The breading on the chicken light and airy. The waffle and syrup the perfect combination of sweet and savory when taken in one bite. Needless to say every visit to Datz had been yet another discovery and nothing but joy for my tastebuds. :)
My favorite spot in Tampa bay to cheat . . . on a diet.  When you walk into Datz throw caution to the wind, and stop counting calories.  This stuff is just too good to worry about that kind of thing.  The food is always delicious, and they always provide that certain sense of whimsy, with an adult twist.  I love Datz.
On a recommendation we gave it a try. A menu of puns is not overly confusing but the descriptions are humorous. Started with a bacon flight of 5 different bacons & 4 dippings. Impressive. Followed up by a fried green tomato concoction that was equally so. A sweet and perfectly prepared marrow bone was a hedonists delight. Then a BBQ brisket sourdough roll with a creamy slaw and excellent chips was the final entree. The sauce sadly was much sweeter than I care for but Debbi enjoyed it. Mike our server was very charming. Overall a lovely find and we will be back to try some other of these funky offerings next time we are in Tampa.
Stopped in for a couple of appetizers and a drink on a Friday night. The place was packed, but we were able to get a table outside pretty quickly. As with Datz Dough (which is next door), the parking is a nightmare. Just walk from wherever you are, don't even bother driving. The Datz mule is a lovely mule. You can taste the quality ginger beer. Very easy to drink. We got the black truffle fries and the prairie butter. While the fries could have used a little more truffle (but really, what COULDN'T use a little more truffle?) but they were delicious. The prairie butter was fantastic. There's something about roasted bone marrow on toast that is hard to resist. A drink and two apps was just about twenty bucks, which seems par for the course around Tampa. As a bonus, Datz Dough was still open and we were able to grab some of their wonderful donuts to go. Excellent! I only wish I could have eaten here seven more times.
One of our favorites places to eat and only wish it was closer to our house.
A super community member and never slow in offereing to help local non profits. Several meals there and my last visit was for dinner. So why didn't I give it 5 stars, the only snag I have is perceived value. I realise South Tampa taxes and rent are high and I understand that a business needs to stay in business. I personally feel there is better bang for the buck in the Tampa Bay market but that is a personal feeling and it will not stop me visiting Datz when I'm in the area
Food: Although I didn't love the particular dish I order (migas amigos- a huevos rancheros type of dish)it was good and everyone dish at my table looked amazing! Next time I'll get a sandwich with their homemade chips, plus save some room for dessert. In true deli fashion- the cupcakes and sweet options looked amazing! Ambiance: Great ambiance. Originally from Chicago and miss the unique, eclectic type restaurants. Too many chains down here! Parking- ugh, there's plenty around and no cost, so when you find a spot on the street-- take it! Friendly service too. Always a plus! I'll be back for certain! And loved the text message wait list option for Sunday since they don't take reservations. Cool- unique- delish. YUM, I'll be returning for more Datz!
Good food, friendly staff ... A nice find during our visit to Tampa.
I was super excited to try Datz out when my cousin told me we were going there for dinner while I was in town because I had read a bunch of good reviews on Yelp already. Parking is kind of crappy but it's free and we squeezed into a spot so that wasn't too bad. Our group of 6 was also seated right away without a reservation (dinner on a Thursday night). Everything on the menu sounded great and I had a hard time deciding what to order but ended up getting their kale salad and adding salmon to it. The salmon was awesome! Super moist and crisp at the same time. Plus for only $6 it was a huge filet. My mom got the Banh Mi Tacos which were good. Very filling meal. We all agreed that the rice wasn't good though, somewhat overcooked and very under seasoned. Seems like the consensus around the table was that the sandwiches are the way to go. The bread was awesome and they are all served with a huge side of homemade potato chips with a tasty blue cheese sauce. We had good service all night (perhaps a little slow but we weren't in a rush) but the problem game towards the end of our meal. My mom was a few bites away from finishing her meal when a roach fell from the ceiling and landed on her plate. We told our waiter and a manager came out to talk to us. He basically told us he was so surprised and nothing like that had happened before. He said he was going to see what he could do for us and left. The waiter came by and said he would comp a dessert for us. It basically sounded like they didn't believe us. My step-dad was fine with them giving us a couple desserts for free but personally I thought more should have been done. A roach ending up on your plate is pretty disgusting and I thought the nonchalant manner in which it was handled made it even worse. Although I'm not giving them a negative review based on that incident alone it has definitely swayed my decision to not go back for brunch which I'd planned to do initially.
I was such a huge fan a few years ago when we found this place, but breakfast at Datz has really disappointed me as of late.  Their menu for breakfast is really limited now.  They use to have a phenomenal pancake selection, including red velvet pancakes, which are now completely off the menu. Fortunately, they still have applewood smoked bacon!  I asked the waitress what happened, and she mentioned chef turnover may be the reason the menu has changed so much. I will still come here for lunch, but won't likely return for breakfast until they shape up the menu.  If you have the opportunity to try their chicken and waffles, they are out of this world.
Datz is quite simply the best cheese store in Tampa.  The selection far surpasses those at its closest competitor, aka "entire paycheck".  The latter spends time force-feeding its followers "exclusive" distribution partnership cheeses or even worse, their own made on the spot fresh goat cheese logs.  (Not sure publicly traded conglomerates should venture into cheese making.) THIS foodie boutique has fromages from England (Mango-Ginger Stilton), Spain (Drunken Goat), Germany (Cambozola), Canada (Black Diamond), Italy (Caciovallo Silano), Switzerland (Raclette), Belgium (Chimay) and of course an eclectic collection of Domestic California (Cypress Grove, Point Reyes, Beecher, Cowgirl).  While its main competitor cannot even stock certain cheese because of cooperate mandates or no-sulfite prerequisites, Datz's "Cheese Wiz" Travis ensures his loyal customers will savor the various flavors the fromagiers' world can offer.   Cow's, sheep, goat, fresh, semi-soft/hard, bleu veined, everyday table, the diet forbidden triple crème are all on display to purchase.  And the friendly, knowledgeable staff will even wholeheartedly oblige if you fancy a sample.   It's only appropriate that Datz carries nothing but the best given the large French contingency (as Travis notified me) and the refined gourmet culinary demographic living near Palma Ceia that demands it.   The cheese is properly complemented by the necessary additions to make a cheese experience complete.  A wide array of charcuterie (Columbus mini Italian Salami), pate, mousse and rillettes (Trois Petits Cochons), crackers (Raincoast), EVOO (Artemis), and Dijon (Fallot) are in stock to create the master cheeseboard you have always salivated over.  Moving from Los Angeles recently where the Cheese Store(s) of Beverly Hills and Silverlake used to be mandatory trips on the weekend, it is a relief and a pleasant surprise to have Datz in Tampa. If you LOVE gourmet food and want to enjoy it in an innovative, modern day fromagerie, Datz is your spot!
This is my 3rd time at Datz.  The first time was just for drinks.  The second was for some appetizers with a friend from work.  This last time was for date night with my husband since he had never been.   I must say that the food to me is good but not fabulous like many others have mentioned.  I really feel like Datz would not be so successful if it wasn't in South Tampa.  I follow them on Facebook and some of the featured items that they promote look so good, but then when you go there it seems to be only the stuff on the regular menu that's available.  I've never been offered a special.   This time my husband ordered the tuna casserole.  While the tuna  steak was very tasty, neither of us liked the sauce on the pasta.  It was watery and was way too sweet/ginger taste.  I had the Hansel & Gretel sandwich.  It was good but way too messy.  There was too much of the cigar city beer sauce.   It almost feels like since the brand of Datz is branching out to Datz Dough and now Roux that they have lost focus on Datz itself.  Seems like the quality has declined.
I have been here for both brunch and dinner and I have not been disappointed. Their food is delicious. They also have an automated texting system that lets you know how long until your table is ready. The place is crowded and the waiting time can be long but it is worth it. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because their mimosas are pretty expensive compared to other nearby places that also serve brunch.
Great food, great ambience! Reasonable prices.
I went to this place on Sept. 2013 but completely forgot to review it. This place was delicious and really neat from the look of it to the menu options. It was 5 of us and we had the monkey bread, it was the best thing out of everything that we ordered. We also had the datchos which were really good too and quite the original twist. For my meal I had Havana Hottie sandwich and overall was good but a bit too sweet for me. We went around 1pm and the place was packed so we had to wait for a little bit and there's really not much space to stand around. So that is the only thing that I will complain about.
I won't belabor the other comments that have been made. I enjoyed the food immensly. I had a horrible time deciding on what to eat becasue there were so many options. I took one star away because of where we were sat. On the second floor right but the ice and soda machine (I mean right next to it). It would have been nice to have a barrier between me and the servers dropping off cups, rattling around ice, etc. At times it was hard to hear other people in my party because of the noise coming from the area. Other than that, great experience.
Datz does their thing well. Basic menu items with a creative twist on everything. Great happy hour deals and friendly bar staff too.
Finally made it to the legendary Datz. I had planned on getting the world famous Meatloaf but the portion was enough for 3 and I had to catch a 5 hour military flight to California so I decided against it!  Ended up getting the Braised Short Rib sandwich which was awesome.
For the appetizer round, our group started off with the Mac Bites and Bruschetta Flatbread. Neither dishes were particularly remarkable - tasty, but not life changing. I had high expectations for the sriracha aioli (the dip for the mac bites), which turned out to be practically identical to the spicy mayo served at sushi restaurants. I'm not sure this dense sauce is the best complement to an already heavy appetizer. In any case, I really enjoyed the entrees! I split the Jerk and Waffles 'n Tweet with my boyfriend. The Jerk, seasoned with a healthy dose of heat, was so moist. While I personally appreciated the bold kick, I could see it being too much for most. The sweet grilled pineapple helps cut some the heat, along with the cilantro lime rice. A well balanced, satisfying meal. The fried chicken that accompanied the Waffles 'n Tweet was likewise delicious. We polished off our meal with a few macaroons from the bakery inside (tropical and red velvet). While the flavors were on point, one was frozen solid and didn't have the tinge of softness characteristic of good macaroons. My advice for seating at this place is to request one INside. They have these mist machines on the porch that are completely unnecessary and a nuisance. You may have come across them at the Coca Cola stations at theme parks. They do little to cool you while dampening your hair and food. If anyone at your table has on glasses, they will be particularly annoyed. Thankfully, the staff was amenable to turning these off after all the tables seated outside requested that they do so. Overall, a tasty culinary experience.
This place is a real gem!  Not only was the menu adventurous, but the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful - we had a great time and a great meal!
I returned this following Monday to have an early lunch wit h a group of friends. Overall, it was the same experience but I felt that a few things needed to be improved. Immediately when we sat down, we noticed one of the chairs was wobbly with a slightly shorter leg. We swapped it with a chair from an unoccupied table. The bathroom had a foul odor when I was there (one stall by the way, so be prepared to wait in the hallway and have servers passing you often since the kitchen is right next to it). The table was sticky. This bothered me the entire time we were there. Once we received our food, we sat for a while before we got the attention of our server that 3 of us didn't have utensils. We got our food and our utensils then we realized, some of us needed ketchup. We had to grab his attention a 3rd time before we could all start eating. Food-wise, my friends enjoyed their food. I thought their potatoes were a little cold and stale. I ordered the figgy salad and added chicken. Should this salad of cost $18? Probably not. If I hadn't added the chicken, the salad was not substantial enough by itself even though it had a $12 price-tag ($18 after adding protein). The server overall was nice and friendly. He separated our checks with no problems. A few misses on this visit.
We were visiting our friends from out of town and we went for a really late lunch on a weekday and it was still full.  All of the good was awesome and the drinks were awesome. I got the prickly pear mimosa and my friend ordered the Bloody Mary, both were better than most. I just wish I lived in Tampa so I could go back from brunch and desserts. Can't wait to visit again!
Every time I'm here the service seems slow and lacking. However a good hangout for food and drinks the chicken scappolini was decent, the chicken was cooked properly, however the grapefruit cream sauce was a little tart the risotto was excellent
Was a nice experience, just don't eat outside when there are groups there it can get crowded. I ordered the deep fried mac n cheese, was so amazing.
I used to LOVE Datz, but I feel that they've slipped a little in the past year.  Just a couple of pros and cons... Pros: Their datchos with blue cheese drizzle are still amazing.  In fact, all of their sandwiches are pretty impressive.  The breakfast menu is creative, and their cocktail menu is always changing.  Now that they've expanded with Dough, the parking situation is a little better, and their service is always good. Cons: Their dinner entrees are never as good as their sandwiches, and their cakes are always old and dry (how often do those get changed out?!).  While their beer selection is always robust, the quality of the beers on the menu aren't always high.  Also, please bring back the moonshine martini!  Oh, and the parking situation, while improved, is still a mess.
I just love Datz, everything is great here. You just got to try it! The menu here is great!  Great Food,  an excellent selection of beers.  The ambience is also very unique and nice.  If you are in Tampa, Visiting Datz is a must.   Nothing can beat the sandwiches here and the desserts! and the great selection of beers! You will be amazed!
Hot, overcrowded, stupid long wait to be seated ,, overpriced food but deliciously different  all you come to expect from a high end gastro establishment. Please consider getting a waiting area with someplace to sit and some type of air movement for your guests waiting so lll to be seated. I might be more inclined to buy a drink if i have somewhere to place it. Love the good, just mot sure if all the hype and waiting is worth it at times  49 minutes and counting EDIT: damn...... Enough about the ambience   The food just saved the day! Killer shrimp and grits! The waffle and tweet is unmatched anywhere else! You MUST try the NEW deep fried chicken skins with a side of sweet chili sauce  Just friggin' wow!
It's hard to find tasty, filling, flavor able food at a lot of places, what with being vegetarian... Especially when it comes to American food. That is not the case here! The price tag is not cheap, but well worth it. The staff is amazing, too. Having ordered a beer, two at the table, the second one only filled 3/4 full before running out. It was nearly a full glass, but the waitress comped it free of charge. Everyone will find something to eat here, even us vegetarians!
I honestly don't know why people like this place so much. Most importantly, the food is average at best...there is nothing special about it. I have eaten here several times (lunch, brunch, dinner) and have found it consistently underwhelming. Places that really know food and do it well do not have to add 50 ingredients to what should be a simple dish, or provide gargantuan portions in order to 'impress' people. Unfortunately Datz does both and apparently it works for many and they can have it... I won't be back. There are too many good options in the area.
Still keeping my review to a 3. The 2nd time I came here I was pretty optimistic since it was lunch time and I was with my best friend. I ordered the Datchos, Banh Mi Tacos, and my friend ordered the April in Paris. The April in Paris was delicious and I wish I ordered it because the banh mi tacos were not up to par. I wasn't a fan of anything on the dish, and I love everything Banh Mi. Also, the appetizer didn't come out until after we got our food which was really upsetting because I didn't want to eat them while I was eating my meal. They got cold and I wasn't happy. Everything came out at the same time and I still wasn't happy with the service because I had to ask different people for the same thing because they didn't understand that I wanted more cilantro, and not just the cilantro sauce. Idk I was still upset this time around too. I tried new things and to be optimistic but I guess I should try something simple like a burger and make it clear to them I want the appetizer out first. Blah
I've eaten at Datz upwards of 10 times now because somehow someone in the group always suggests it. Had it not been for the Carolina style pork sandwich being well above my expectations I think I would've rated the establishment lower. Not because I think it's a bad place to eat. The decor is great. It's very clean. What I don't really like about Datz is what you would expect from such a highly rated place just doesn't show through in the food. It's over priced yuppie food with a huge ego. I think people like telling their friends they go to Datz more than they like eating there. Don't get me wrong; it's not bad, but it's not great (with the exception of the pulled pork). Two for lunch with small portions shouldn't be $28 before tip/taxes when both parties are drinking water. The default side that comes with the lunch sandwiches is a serving of house-made potato chips with dressing on top. I feel like they just doesn't fit the hipster persona they so obviously have put together for the place. Most of my visits I forget the chips are the default side and I kick myself for not asking for something else when my meal arrives. Not all, but some of the seating lacks structure too. It can be quite awkward sitting at a 4 top table broken into half to accommodate separate parties of 2 with only a 4 inch gap between tables.
I've had many excellent meals here and it continues to be one of my top choices for dining. Prices may appear higher than average but portions and quality are worth it.  My shadow will  permanently stain it's walls.
All praise be unto my girlfriend for suggesting this place.  And any remaining praise be unto the geniuses who wrote this menu.  If there be praise remaining, I'll take it just for the hell of it. What a restaurant.  Doesn't really look like much on the outside.  Inside, it looks like an upscale gastropub - relaxing, trendy, though perhaps a bit crowded.  And while I like it on the inside, you come here for the food. I was actually upset at first - kind of like a kid with too many choices.  You want it all, but you know you can't have it.  And its depressing because you don't know where to begin and know you're not going to be able to come back every day to try more.  I could, and I should, list the entire menu here, but you can look on their website.  And please, go ahead.  Take a minute.  Go to the website.  Read the menu.  Then, after you short your computer from drooling in the keyboard, go buy a new computer and come back.  Go ahead.  I'll wait. Welcome back.  Anyway, I went with a new menu item (though I suppose to me, they were all new) - the Porkshank Redemption - pork shank, buffalo trace maple bourbon glaze served with garlic mascarpone mashed potatoes.  I could have recited a beautiful sonnet after the first bite and made angels cry.  Everything about this was delicious.  Meat fell off the bone, the glaze was superb, the mashed potatoes were soft and creamy and delicious.  I couldn't get enough. I also tried one of their signature cocktails - the bobby boucher, made with overproof bourbon, sweet vermouth, benedictine, and cherry herring liqueur.  I don't know what most of that is, but my taste buds did not care because they came alive! The menus at Datz have something for everyone, and if I am wrong about that, I couldn't care less, because they have a lot for me.  Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Datz (I assume that's your name) for bringing your goodness to Tampa, but seriously, I hate you for not having a Sarasota location for the 6 years I lived there.
Best beer cheese with pretzel and amazing friendly service! Great desserts too!
Here's the thing... yes, the food is really really good. That being said, each time I have been there (different times of night with different sizes of groups) our service matches that of a much much cheaper place. You get seated and then have to wait for someone to even let you know they are your server, not to mention, you have to wait for your food for ever. I am not knocking this place- and I will continue to dine here. Just plan ahead to be there for the long haul.
Is this another case of "OVER-HYPED RESTAURANT" ? ? ? Everyone seems to know the name but despite a solid 4 star rating with almost 500 reviews, a bunch of friends suggested "better places" (their words)...  I had to see for myself The "BIG" Question:  Was it worth coming against friend's recommendations ? ARRIVAL My experience started off strong upon entering... the layout and decor were unique and pleasant.  Plenty of weathered wood and red brick, chain link fence as railing for stairway and upstairs dining area, recycled wine bottle chandeliers, exposed air ducts and water lines, bookshelves utilized as separation barriers between sections of restaurant. industrial lighting, great bar... but I could do without the cheesy posters of their dishes on the wall (and scrolling food pictures on a television... put on a game or news instead).  Food pics are tacky... Once seated we were given what I thought were local newspapers; turns out it's the menu -slash- restaurant newsletter.  Quite a simple way to promote dishes and suggest flavors.  Our Fall 2013 edition was titled "BACONADO"... loaded with instagram pictures and bacon promotions.  Unfortunately it was also loaded with advertisements too (annoying and more tackiness). THINGS GOING SOUTH After reading our newsletter menus and sitting unattended for way too long, we got up to request a table in someone else's section but right then our waitress "finally" arrived and immediately apologized for leaving us too long (something about having a huge table but she'll do her best to accommodate us... this sucks). With all that free time we already chose what we wanted to order, but the waitress said she'll be right back to take the order... can you believe this?  After a few minutes I was ready to give up (proving my friends right).  Again she arrived in the nick of time and we ordered (not going to lie... I was a still borderline ready to go). FOOD ARRIVES "AND" THINGS LOOK UP Our food arrives and suddenly our novice waitress becomes diligent... on top of water, drinks, checking on us... about time that she got her sh#t together. 'Cue The Brisket sandwich was superb... the meat was tender and juicy, perfect balance of cole slaw and BBQ sauce on the buns (not overdone) and the bread was fresh.  The sandwich came with homemade potato chips and they drizzle bleu cheese dressing over the chips.  Highly recommend. Waffles N' Tweet (chicken and waffles) had huge pieces of boneless fried chicken with waffles.  The waffles had a slight hint of cheese in them and the syrup had a hint of jalapeno giving the dish a unique taste.  My only gripe was the chicken and waffles were so huge that it made it hard to eat the dish together, but overall it was another great dish. BEYOND THE FOOD Even though the beer list is very worthy of bragging rights, something else was catching our eyes... the sweets case.  It was loaded with all sorts of cupcakes, macaroons, truffles and specialty coffee drinks (red velvet latte, bacon latte, pumkin spice to name a few). FINAL THOUGHTS If not for the food being exceptional and the waitress finally getting her act together, I don't know that I would have ever lasted a whole meal.  Luckily she did and the food shined because It was worth the trouble.  I understand where my friends were coming from but at the end of the day I was quite pleased.
Be warned... The portions are huge and delicious. Thank you Maggie for the fantastic service. The ambience is this joint is unique and wait staff matches it perfectly.
I was here for dinner last year and it was amazing!! I kept meaning to go back...my most recent trip was for brunch. The chicken and waffles Benedict was out of this world!! It was a huge portion and could prob be shared. One improvement that could be made is the coffee, I was not that impressed. They should look into getting fresh beans from buddy brew! ;)
REVIEW UPDATE: Yelp Datz Brunch (Datz Da Bomb). Yes, I just titled my review update like a Justin Timberlake song, two titles, one in parenthesis! And Datz is worth all the words and more. We called ahead about an hour. We called around 11:15 and got seated between 12:15 and 12:30. Service was not the fastest, and rather than just apologize our waitress made excuses re: explanations / justifications. It is okay I would have probably done the same in her shoes. Once we cleared up the miscommunication, we got our food at just about the right pace. It has been faster during dinner and lunch on week days, but the weekend brunch moved at a slower more weekend pace and frankly I thought it was just the right pace. The group I was with had a lot to discuss. Boy was a happy for brunch. I had a coupon for free mini monkey bread. It was amazing. The jalepeno mac and cheese bites were as good as always with the Sriracha cheese sauce. I had a Bloody Mary (one of the best I know of in the Tampa Bay Area, it has BACON inside with the celery). Datz a Mary really makes such a good meal (my friends that are drink snobs always go on and on about how you are supposed to eat your Bloody Mary, so therefore Datz does it right). I also tried a Gasparilla Milk Punch. It is like a hybrid between a White Russian and Pussers Pain Killer (based on the Nut Mag they add). The Gasparilla Milk Punch was sweet and delicious. Then for the main course. I did Eggs Benedict Fried Chicken and Waffles. IT WAS AMAZING. In the past the the lunch/dinner portion came with jalepeno maple syrup. I guess they don't have that anymore but now have a bourbon maple syrup. I was very impressed with the new syrup, and good thing because I was disappointed to hear they did not have the old stuff. All in all, I have to admit, DATZ THE BEST BRUNCH I HAVE EATEN IN A VERY LONG TIME. I highly recommend the Eggs Benedict Fried Chicken and Waffles, and you must try their Bloody Mary, period!
Even though it was a 50 minute wait for brunch, we were able to snag seats at the bar pretty quickly. The bar tenders were quick and friendly. I liked that the menu was a "newspaper" although mine got wet pretty quickly. The food wasn't super-amazing but it was tasty. They did have a nice variety. The highlights for me were the cheese grits. The red velvet pancake stack looked yummy if you have a sweet tooth. I would come back again to try other items. The only thing I'd recommend to them was just a little attention to detail. For example, if the beer I order isn't available, I appreciate you recommending another one, but please charge me the price of the one I wanted. Our dirty plates sat on the bar for awhile. Also, our credit card was charged twice by mistake, so that's no fun. Just a few little tweaks would've improved our experience for the price we paid.
Food is great but way overpriced. Service I feel is odd. They change the place around every 6 months and then the employees seem annoyed when you don't know how, where or what to do. I don't disike it but 3 stars didnt seem to suit. Lots of places with great sandwiches so those aernt really special if you eat German style or NY deli style sandwiches like I do. I barely make it out of there spending under 40 bucks for me an my girl. Sandwich's though!!  Rather have a steak dinner which is possible on that budget.
I came here for breakfast and decided to try Datz good hash which consisted of corned beef, hashbrown potatoes, eggs and toast. I also got a side of anson mills stone-ground grits....let's just say I was good and full by the time I left. I also tried a mimosa now I wasn't too much of a fan of that BUT..........the monkey bread is a MUST try!!! And best of all I had great service!!
This is one of my favorite local hotspots. Absolutely love the beer selection. I also absolutely love the cheeseburger it is always delicious with good gouda cheese and mushrooms! They have a great brunch on Saturdays and Sundays you have to order the monkey bread !
Datz is a great place to stop for lunch during the week.  The food is of good quality and plentiful.  The best part is their penchant for bacon use.  You will find it everywhere from the sandwiches, to appetizers and even in the bloody mary's.  Overall a worthwhile place to go.
This place embodies what a restaurant should strive to be: a relaxed trendy atmosphere showcasing creative menu options that lives up to your tastebud's dream without making your wallet cringe. Whether you want to impress out of town guests, a date, or you just want a meal that makes you feel like you're sitting table-side  at the receiving end of a top chef foodnetwork show, this place would be my first suggestion. This is foodie heaven. I ordered the honeyed salmon entree and my boyfriend ordered the pork shank redemption (ha!). After one bite of each of our meals, we were blown away by how good the meal was.  I actually don't order salmon that often; I love seafood, but salmon is my least favorite but when I read the flavors: pistachio red quinoa, dried cranberries with honey cranberry ginger sauce, it was something unique that you don't see on menus and I had to try it. BEST FISH ENTREE EVER. I'm not kidding you. I wanted to take the dish after licking up every kernel of quinoa and slap every chef who has cooked me fish and charged $$$$ for a disappointing meal. (I'm talking to you people at Malios.) The other thing I love about this place is the seasonal menu. Their menu changes with the seasons (well, pretend season - we are in FL after all) so there is always some unique seasonal entree to try. I don't have to tell you this is a very popular place, so do yourself a favor and Make a Reservation! If its for a Friday or Saturday night, I'd suggest calling very early in the week bc they get booked fast. We had reservations and came in on Friday at 6 and were packed to the brim. As for atmosphere, this place gives you the inclination of what it must have felt like to be cool and popular in high school. (Not that there are only 20-somethings here; its a nice diverse crowd with 30 and 40 something's.)  Eclectic wine chandeliers, a cool second floor loft, a trendy vibe all makes for an enjoyable dining experience.
Kind of an odd place.  Part restaurant (breakfast, lunch, dinner, and weekend brunch), part dessert bakery and gelateria, and part gourmet food shop (just boutique-y pickles, condiments, books, and novelties).  And they've got this weird newspaper-style menu thing. Decent beer selection (albeit a bit lopsided) and some interesting mixed drinks.  They have wine, too, but I don't know much about that.   The food is okay.  Didn't blow me away, but I guess I'm hard to please.  Not that I'm a snob. I eat all kinds of shit.  It just takes a bit more for a meal to amaze me.  I feel like their prices are a wee bit inflated for what you get, but I guess you don't go here if you're bargain-hunting.
The black truffle fries were a hit as was the maragarita flat bread pizza.  Wasn't to keen the BBQ pizza something tasted off, their burger was huge and good.  Gelatos were authentic. All the food tasted fresh.  Be very aware where you park in the back, park in designated Datz parking or risk getting towed.
I read a Yelp tip on a bacon éclair and made my way towards Dough. I ended up in Datz by mistake, and very quickly my idea of coffee and éclair evolved to beer and sandwich. I understand why Yelpers like this place. A very inviting atmosphere, great service and a mold-breaking menu. Sunday brunch...very busy. Thanks Liz and Jess at the bar, you proved that you can be busy and courteous at  the same time. I understand that you cannot always look at me when you talk to me but I felt taken care of and you guys were on the ball! There was a nice crowd, and by that I mean happy people sharing their Gasparilla stories, beer taste, and willing to give recommendations for newbies like me.... I definitely needed help with the menu. It took me 10 mins and a coffee cocktail ( a little weak for $10, but I take ownership on that bc I didn't say anything) to decide what to order.   I went with the Vinny's brisket philly sandwich...I enjoyed their house-smoked brisket! I don't think this will be my favorite sandwich at this place but it was good. The bread was very soft and fresh, and it was so big that I could tear pieces of bread and dip it in the beer-cheese fondue that top my sandwich. I was able to assemble a couple of bites with all the ingredients of the sandwich into my mouth, but I really had three different things going on my plate: bread with cheese, peppers and caramelized onions on top of my chips, and the smoked brisket. I loved all the ingredients but they made more sense to me on their own. They have a very good beer selection and I went with the Alltech's Kentucky bourbon ale...I'd recommend it. I would do it all over again except for the coffee drink, and I'll be back to look for my favorite sandwich in this feels-good restaurant .
Oh datz how I love you so! The decor is pretty sweet, there is tons of local food for purchase, the food has ALWAYS been excellent, and the drink selection is just as good! When you enter there are so many things to look for! They have an area where you can buy sweets, cakes, and the best macarons, in tampa at least!  My favorite is the waffles n'tweet, I think they update it every once in awhile.. last time I had it with a jalapeño maple syrup.. Or some other type of pepper, regardless it was yummy! Chicken is always cooked just right! Datchos are always a good way to start your meal, especially if you are there for lunch! My girlfriends and I did the Sunday supper once too.. OMG so much food. We had the thanksgiving dinner.. It was heavenly! The food was non stop and they gave us TONS to take home! We had turkey leftovers for days! I'm pretty sure you have to make reservations for it but it's definitely something to try! You can never go wrong with anything you order here. Only downfall is sometimes it gets so busy that the service becomes a bit slow.
Love Datz's ever evolving menu and overall experience.  Food is inventive and some dishes hit the "awesome" mark.  Would recommend to anyone!
I want to love this place as much as I used to, but I treat restaurants like a relationship. I kept going back because I had already had so many good experiences -- and good food -- here. But lately, something is different about this place. It started out small, like many problems in relationships do. So my burger wasn't cooked the way I wanted. But I went back again. And the same thing kept happening. Then I started to realize a pattern. Not only was I not being given what I wanted, but the service started to go downhill too. It started to take too long to get in and out of the place and things started to go awry. My server wouldn't pay attention to me at all and then would totally forget items I asked for. Even when I was specific with my order, it was still wrong. I tried their bourbon trace cake and it was literally dry and flavorless, which was such a shame considering it looked so good. I tried a different item on their menu -- The Boss -- and the steak basically tasted like a steak I could make on my own. If I'm going to eat somewhere, it has to be special and provide me with something I can't just get at Publix and make for myself half-heartedly. They raised the prices with their new menu too -- their entrees are astronomically expensive for mediocrity. I want to know where this place shines. At one point, it really was the whole center of my Tampa restaurant experience. I really have begun to find this place incredibly overhyped and I will not be back unless something changes at Datz. Unfortunately, the reality of the situation is that Datz has changed and I really think it's time we took a break.
Not only is this place cute, but the food is very good. I've been for brunch, lunch, and dinner and have no complaints from any of my visits. I love the Dumb Cluck Sandwich with the house chips and bleu cheese drizzle & a must have is the Mac & Cheese Bites! YUM!!!!! The drinks are good & the desserts are delicious. Dough (name of the bakery) just opened next door! It is also very cute and well-decorated with amazing desserts!
datz 3.0...nose in the air? so the wait staff is in white button down shirts now with $10 basic cocktails...not sure i am liking this trend.... todays dish is the shrimp PO'boy...cooked well, but just ok.  construction is weak, bread doesn't hold the sandwich components together.... advice to datz....stop with the poor interpretations of classic simple food.
This was my very first trip to Datz. Seems like the hubby and I could never get our time and money to line up before, so when I found out we'd be able to come for dinner I was visibly excited. We made reservations for 6:30pm and arrived on time with our 8 month old. There was a brief hiccup where they had to find a different table, because we didn't specify that we'd be bringing a baby(it was my first time using the reservation system on Facebook), but they set us up pretty quickly despite the miscommunication. Once seated, we started making our way through the menu. Our server was very patient with us, which I certainly appreciated. After a few minutes of perusing the entrees, I decided on Barry C's Stuffed Meatloaf. Much to my dismay I was informed that the lunch crowd had wiped them out of it. How many people ate meatloaf for lunch? I was really let down. I made a quick switch and went for the Creole Shrimp N' Grits instead, and the hubby ordered the Get Shorty. My dish came out plated nicely, with spinach forming a ring around the grits, topped with a slightly spicy tomato sauce with some of the biggest shrimp I've ever seen. I dove in with zeal and finished with a smile on the face. Mmm mmm mmm! The grits were the right consistency, the shrimp were succulent, and the spinach was tender. The sauce left a little to be desired (it was pretty much tomato sauce with a kick), but the cheese on top helped with that.  Christoph gave me a few bites of his Get Shorty and I really liked that, too. The dishes were delicious. Our bill would've socked me in the gut if it hadn't been for my voucher (I won a contest on Facebook and they gave us a dinner for two). I'd love to say that I'm a high roller and can afford food like this, but I can't. That being said, the prices here were high for me, but I don't think they were astronomical by any means. It's a place I'd come to as a treat, though. The food was worth it. We will be back, and hopefully next time I'll get my meatloaf! (Also, a quick PSA: Please tip your servers on the price of the original meal, even if you get a discounted or free meal. I've heard of far too many instances where people tip their servers on the discounted price, or not at all. Just because your meal was cheaper, doesn't mean that your service was reduced.  Thank you!)
Once upon a time Datz was the end-all/be-all of indie eateries in Tampa, then somewhere along the line their success got the better of them and their service went down while their prices went up. Datz quickly went from a date-night dining destination for my wife and I to some place we rarely could justify the drive to south Tampa for... I'm happy to report that this has changed and Datz has one again found their mojo it seems. On our last several visits the staff has been exemplary and perhaps more importantly attentive and timely. The food here is always excellent, truly crafted, prepared and plated in such a way that's innovative and as culinarily creative and enticing as it is visually appealing. The craft beer selection is top-notch, offering perfect pairings for any meal; morning, noon or night...well perhaps not morning. Offering a diverse menu everything we've tried has been excellent but I must admit Datz's monkey bread in the morning is a guilty pleasure any carbohydrate connoisseur should experience at least one morning...but get there early because daily baked quantities are limited and on a busy weekend morning they often run out by the time the brunch crowd rolls in. All in all, a new Tampa icon that has seemingly found it's grove again and balanced their growth, success and expansion with what first made them a hit among the local foodie scene. Well reviewed and strongly suggested for your dining dollars.
Datz is an all around cool place to eat, drink and just be. You'll have to go back more then once to try everything that appeals to you on the menu. So if you haven't been already - go!
Very hip, loud but fun for date night or after work happy hour! My date and I arrived at Datz on a Friday night without reservations. We were told the wait time would run about 20 minutes or we could sit at one of the many bars they have. After perusing the interior we opted to try sitting at the upstairs bar with a great view of the restaurant and all the hip décor. After sliding up to the bar, the bar keep came right over and got us started on some drinks. Rum and coke for my date and a Elderberry Cider for me.. yes, this was like a very girly beer but it was light and refreshing with a sweet berry finish. The bartender handed us some newspapers which were really the menu, again keeping it hip. An appetizer was ordered - When Pigs Fly - which was a bacon sampler. Now if I personally was the one ordering the appetizer, I would have likely selected something with less bacon. However my date was a man, men love bacon and of course it was an all bacon appetizer.. need I say more. The appetizer was delivered and included 5 large strips of different cuts of bacon with four dipping sauces. My date promptly consumed the bacon while I nibbled a bite of each. What can I say, it was delicious. The dipping sauces included a chocolate sauce, red chili pepper jam, maple syrup and a balsamic glaze. Of course any breakfast buff knows maple syrup is always good on bacon. The three other sauces were interesting additions to the salty bacon. Chocolate and bacon was just sinful and made me feel like I should be doing jumping jacks in-between bites. The red pepper jam was tasty but based on the name it could have had more bite to it. The balsamic glaze I would have loved to pour on a huge salad but it was an interesting vinegar twist to the salt of the bacon. Our entrée's arrived not long after the bacon was polished off. I had a biggity big burger with Swiss cheese and mushrooms. This thing was gianormous. It arrived with all the fixings - lettuce, tomatoes, onions as well as a pile of chips drizzled with a blue cheese dressing. I had to cut it in half - it was too big to pick up all together. I am usually a ketchup on a burger kinda person but I thought I would take a bite without smothering it first. I wasn't disappointed! The ground beef patty was flavorful, thick and juicy, cooked to a perfect medium. The Swiss and mushrooms paired with the lettuce and tomato (I skipped the onions) just further enhanced the grilled flavor of the burger - no ketchup required! With the aide of my fork I quickly made a mess of things with half the burger and managed to tackle it to the last bite. That left the other half of my burger still to contend with. Noticing my date (who had ordered The Boss) had already finished his dinner, I graciously cut my leftover half a burger in half again and gave it to him. We dove into the last of the burger and there was nothing left when we were finished. After the burger gluttony we nibbled at the leftover chips which were sweet & salty. The creamy blue cheese drizzle was a nice departure from eating just plain chips. After our barkeep cleared away the dishes he gave us a 20% off coupon to use next door at Datz Dough for dessert. Although the restaurant has a dessert menu he recommended we check out Dough next door for a larger selection. We settled up our tab and lumbered down the stairs to try the desserts next door, but that's another review for another day.
Datz is a delicious place to eat, period. My friend and I went there today for lunch and parking was very easy. We walked in, sat down, and were welcomed by our waitress. We had a few questions because it was our first time eating there and our waitress answered all of our questions and gave us some great recommendations. I got the turkey sandwich with the chips and both were delicious. My friend got the barbecue sandwich and the meat was well seasoned with a great barbecue sauce. Best place in Tampa I've eaten at so far.
Amazing food and great beer selection. If you want a great sandwich or an awesome entry, then go to Datz. Oh and if you are just in the mood for a beer, they have a draft list the size of your arm.
The food is good, the restaurant was packed, so I'd suggest making a reservation/ calling ahead if you don't feel like waiting, the cocktail I ordered was gross though. Osaka pop star, would not recommend that drink. There's cute macaroons and truffles/little store like upfront which was awesome
We're originally going to go to Aguila on Sunday for lunch but was closed. Thankfully it was! This place is awesome. We got the Mac n cheese bites to start... Coulda gotten multiple orders. So good. Sandwiches were huge and also amazing. I got the Cue the Brisket which was extremely tender, and the BBQ sauce was sweet and delicious. The others loved theirs also. Go now! Wish I lived closer.
Datz is definitely unique and a blast to visit. The fun atmosphere makes it a great place to grab a drink. Their diverse menu offers a wide variety. I don't eat fries, except when I go to Datz. Then I become a fry stealing monster.
All of these rave reviews had me expecting to be blown away.....sadly I was not. First lets talk atmosphere - the booth we sat in was severely old and damaged (springs coming through) which makes me think they are due for a update. The music was so loud (we were sat right by a speaker) and our polite request to lower the volume was ignored. Service - our server was very unknowledgeable about the menu, very sloooooow and un-attentive. Although our appetizer came pretty quickly it then took 30 minutes after that to finally receive our entrees. In that 30 minute period our server completely disappeared. Food- Prairie butter  (bone marrow) was gelatinous and fatty, which means it was not cooked correctly or poor quality. The burgers and sandwiches that my party ordered were all ok nothing great, mine in particular was a sog-fest. The worlds "best" chips were also soggy and some were severely burnt. It was not busy on the day we went - it was a weekday around 3:00, so it's not like the kitchen was "backed up" but maybe it just was an off day for Datz. Regardless we will not be going here again, it's just not worth it. Bottom line - Datz is highly overrated!
I have only been to Datz a couple times. First time was for happy hour (they have a great craft beer selection, which is always a plus in my book). We sat at the bar and had a flat bread that was amazing. There was a good ambiance at the bar and the service was great. The most recent time we went was for brunch and I had high hopes as I had heard so many great things about their brunch. I had Chicken and Waffles Benedict, which I thought was delicious. However none of the other parties at our table enjoyed the food and thought it was bland. Our service was also a bit lacking. The menu is different and interesting, and they have a full liquor bar, which is nice. However, for how small and crowded this place can be, I'm just not sure it quite lives up to the hype. Definitely make a reservation if you plan to go during busy times (very easy to do through Open Table via their website).
We visited Datz twice during our week long stay in Tampa.  What can I say? we just couldn't get enough.  The first time we went was on a Friday for brunch.  I ordered the toast of the town, this was right up my alley as I have a bad case of sweet tooth.  My husband ordered the waffles n tweet.  We also ordered a small monkey bread just to try it..yummm!  Absolutely amazing.  Everything tasted fresh and delicious. A few days later we went for dinner and my husband ordered a big @$$ burger and I got the dumb cluck.  To finish off we ordered dessert, my husband ordered some type of chocolate cheesecake and I got an oreo cupcake.  At this point, we were stuffed so we had plent of leftovers the next day. Overall, excellent food and excellent service.  I only wish we had  a place like this in Miami.   This was my first time in Tampa and Datz made it even more amazing! Thank you!
The food here is unique and a little different from your typical fare. I went twice and tried to order the rabbit stew and both times they were out. I tried the shrimp and grits and the pork. The food was pretty good, but nothing really amazed me. The ambiance inside is very good and made me feel comfortable. Service is good and selection is excellent. I would recommend making a stop next door at Dough (part of Datz) if you just want dessert. Everything there looks great if you have a sweet tooth!
Datchos are their version of nachos where they substitute nachos with chips..pretty good! chicken and waffle come with poached eggs and hollandaise sauce..my wife tried holy guacamole which was a big sandwich with loads of turkey, avocado and cole slaw (the cole slaw has celery, my wife didn't like that) Great ambiance, loads of seating and super friendly staff. Definitely going there again! And yes call ahead before you get there..they have a pretty good service where they keep you updated about the wait time via text.
Whenever someone from out of town comes to visit me, I take them here. The food is PHENOMENAL and the drinks are divine. Large portions of food, and always many unique and tasty choices. Definitely do brunch with one of their delicious bloody mary's. Their lunch is good, but their breakfast foods are what REALLY make them stand out. Definitely a Tampa treasure.
This was my first visit, and I was really apprehensive since I heard so much since moving down here. The hype seemed over zealous... Well...I was blown away! The service was superb, very laid back and comfortable which felt very home-ish. The food was FREAKING AWESOME! I couldn't find one flaw, epic portions, great taste and perfect delivery. I had the vinny philly after hearing from the waitress that all the smoked and pulled meats are made the same day. It was LEGIT! I didn't believe all the the hype, but now I'm a believer. I can't wait to try all the other options on their menu. Is tomorrow too soon? I don't want to come off as needy... But I NEED more! How many places can you taste the love and commitment to excellence??
We went to Datz last Wednesday evening for dinner. It is very hard to find parking in their parking lot, it is always full. We ordered the pretzel bites for an appetizer. They were hot and had a garlic butter taste, very good! My mom and I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and my husband ordered the rueben. My mom came to visit and requested that we go to Datz so she could get the chicken salad sandwich because she liked it so much the first time. The sandwiches are HUGE! I usually only eat half and take the other half home. Everything is very fresh and made to order. This is the fourth time we have been to Datz, and it's always good. The price is a little higher than some other restaurants, but totally worth it. It is a unique and funky place in South Tampa.
I was dying to try Datz and visted on a Sunday, for brunch. They were very busy. I loved the atmosphere and location. I ordered the corned beef hash and it was a VERY generous portion for the price! Because they were so busy, however I do feel as though our server wasn't very attentive. Once we were seated, I noticed a carafe of coffee and assumed it was just left by mistake from the last party (since I didn't see any coffee like this on any other table) which did not bother me. But as the server brought refill sodas/water for the other two guests in our party, I had to ask for coffee and she looked at me like I was crazy and poured me the coffee from the carafe that had been sitting there for I'm not sure how long. I have no idea if that was fresh coffee or not and she did not offer to bring me creamer and rushed away before I could ask. It wasn't the worst service in the world but I feel like our server could have been a lot better. The food was great, though I will most likely check it out again.
Tried it to see if things had changed and was disappointed AGAIN. We went for brunch, and it took over 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge that we were sitting at a table. It was only after the hostess happened to come upstairs that she noticed we were looking around for our server. We could overhear her asking the servers nearby whose section we were in. It took a few minutes for someone to finally agree to take the table. Now, not only is the food average at best, but the service is equally as poor.
I was in Tampa for an impromptu weekend and decided to see if all of the good things I've heard about Datz was true. Not only did I go once but I somehow ended up going twice in one day, yes you read that right. My first visit was for brunch. I ordered the shorty Benedict and my boyfriend went with the creme brûlée French toast with a starter of Mac daddy and cheese. We also ordered a few drinks to start our day. Between the two meals on the table the Shorty Benedict was definitely the way to go, holy pile of short ribs, egg, and hollandaise! The clear winner on the table, though, was Mac daddy and cheese. Later that day a local friend invited is to dinner and low and behold we found ourselves back at Datz. This time with a little local help we were guided into a great meal. We started with Datchos, which were damn amazing, and another cauldron of Mac daddy... Because why not? I ordered the Havana Hottie and my boyfriend went with the Stuffed Meatloaf. It was stupid how good our meals were. Dinner was definitely a better experience and cemented my "I'll be back status" with Datz.
I've gone a couple of times and have really enjoyed "birds of a feather" (chicken salad sandwich).  The place is very cute and I love the menu, one of these days I'll try something different because it all looks really good.  I'm completely happy with finding this place and objectively giving it a chance.  I try to time it so that I'm not stuck waiting long so I've never had to wait longer than a few minutes.  The servers have all been genuinely good and I really can't think of a thing to complain about.
I had an excellent experience here recently. The server was excellent, very attentive, and the food, as it usually is, was wonderful. I think the service (like it can be anywhere) is a little hit or miss. I would recommend the place to anyone in the area since the food is good. I still believe the prices are a little high for what it is.
Datz is a solid Tampa deli and restaurant. You can't go wrong - from their incredible breakfast fare to amazing sandwiches and carrot cake, Datz hits it out of the park. Bacon Bloody Mary is a solid choice for brunch, and I highly recommend their various pancakes. For lunch and dinner, their sandwiches are the best choice. The hamburger is okay, but nothing compared to the hamburger you can find on Platt & South Blvd. Birds of a feather (chicken salad) and the iron mike tate club or to die for. WARNING: Portions here are incredibly large. The sandwiches are literally a meal and a half or two, even if you're a hungry man accustomed to big portions. Beware of the calories, because they are aplenty, and totally worth it.
My husband and i went there for Sunday brunch. We had no wait time which was unexpected considering the popularity of the establishment. The meals were alright, but not earth shattering. My biggest complaint was the noise. The tin roof plays the part of a super conductor to every asinine conversation in the place. Overpriced for the portion.
There are not enough words to describe how amazing this place is - first three words; "I'll be back." I have been wanting to visit for months, and finally had the opportunity last weekend, and wow, I have been missing out! I decide to go with one of the recommended meals: mac and cheese stuffed meatloaf. Portion was HUGE (took home half for hubs) and very reasonably priced. The desserts sounded amazing, but I wanted to bring some treats home from Dough next door :) I can't wait to come back.
Datz is a super solid choice for Tampa dining. The menu is expansive and seems to change a little bit seasonally. There are new takes on familiar items as well as totally original plates, which means everyone can find something they are excited about. Every time I've been, the place is buzzing. People flock to Datz, but my wait has never been more than a couple of minutes (I've never been in a large party). The shop is full of goodies, including one giant pot of jam I have been dreaming of taking home. Valet parking in the rear and a few street spots available--maybe carpool, street parking seemed limited (which has no bearing on my rating--it's just a tip!).
went there over the weekend. great selection of food and beer. I highly recommend to check it out
If you don't like Datz, I question your ability to find happiness. The staff is always great and helpful at suggesting dishes. If you don't like something or it's not prepared to you incredibly high standards, no problem, they are always willing to please. One gripe though, bring back the spicy jerk chicken over jasmine rice! Celebrities eat there, South Tampa eats there, I eat there! Give it a shot and if you don't like it, start questioning your own existence.
LOVE LOVE LOVE Datz! Phenomenal food, cool and unique atmosphere, great location- I have had nothing but enjoyable food and overall fantastic service there. Not only have I dined there, but I also had Datz cater an event I had- the food was a HIT and just as yummy and delicious as ever. Would highly recommend to anyone- one of South Tampa's food gems.
Datz owner Suzanne Perry went above and beyond in helping me plan a long-distance surprise for my sister's 60th birthday dinner there... She helped me arrange for the creation and delivery of an incredible cake, delivered with much fanfare - including sparklers!! My sister said it was, hands-down, the best cake she's ever had. And she thoroughly enjoyed her experience there!!
I have heard many great things about Datz from friends so I decided to go on a date here... and everything was awesome! The food is great and worth the price you pay and the service was excellent! My only issue was that it was difficult to choose what to eat because of the many options (good thing). I wanted everything! I ordered the mac n' cheese bites and the holy guacamolee mezrah sandwich. I also tried some macarons and chocolates, which were great! The mac n' cheese bites came as five "bigger than a golfball but smaller than a tennis ball" fried ball forms. The outside was perfectly crispy and the inside was magically gooey with cheddar mac n' cheese with bits of jalapeno to give it a kick. And for more kick, a spicy sauce was served alongside which was just the right sidekick. I struggled when it came time for me to choose my entree. There was not a choice that sounded bad in any way and I wanted to try many things simultaneously. Just when all hope seemed lost, my waitress mentioned that Datz started out as a deli. Being a previous employee of a fast casual chain deli restaurant (with some pretty tasty sandwiches), I wanted to see what kind of sandwiches Datz had in their arsenal. And I went with the holy guacamolee mezrah sandwich, which is my favorite sandwish I have ever ingested. Served on their daily fresh baked house bread (Datz is also a bakery), this cold sandwich finds a way to warm your heart and stomach. It comes with oven roasted turkey, cole slaw, avocado, munster cheese, and russian dressing (1000 island). That is an orgy of wild flavors coming together to please your taste buds. Just when you think it couldn't get any better, accompanying this delectable sandwich is a mountain of perfectly cooked kettle potato chips. Topped with a bleu cheese drizzle and plenty of scallions! Very tasty indeed! The macarons I tried were perfect in texture and flavor (that's all you need). My favorite was the PB&J one and it was fantastic. I forgot the other flavors I tried but I was satisfied with them as well. I also tried the banana's foster and crem brulee chocolates and both were some of the tastiest chocolate I have consumed thus far. This place will always have a spot in my tummy for their tasty menu options, great service, fair menu prices, and chill atmosphere! I was able to dine on a busy evening just by calling in 30 minutes ahead and arriving on time. They were very courteous and seated my date and I shortly. The ambiance is lively and chill vibes resonate throughout the two storied restaurant. I also noticed bars, upstairs and downstairs, fully stocked of an array of concoctions. Datz also has a separate bakery next door which houses delicious baked goods such as doughnuts and desserts as well as macarons and chocolates. They are quite pricey, but tasty indeed if you are up for it! Can't wait until my next visit!
Fun menu. good service.
Love this place.  Awesome variety and decor.  Was on a trip visiting my brother and this place was highly recommended.  Will visit again!
Very decent dinner spot with traditional american food! The truffle fries were the best thing we ordered! The meatloaf was just ok. They did have some really good gin, and the service was great!
Datz is good, very good! This place is a known spot for 3 primary things= deli food, their expansive alcohol collection, and extensive variety of desserts. I tried out the deli and dessert parts and left wanting more. Datz makes a great reuben that is juicy, tender, has perfectly melted cheese, and is full of flavor. The massive standard portion of red velvet cake also tasted great but was a bit heavy on the fondant. And the atmosphere was very cool and had great dessert displays. It's a great place to bring a lot of friends and family in Tampa, and I'll definitely be doing that in the future.
Friendly hipster staff and a great atmosphere almost make up for the mediocre food.  Come for the drinks and the conversation, but eat somewhere else first.
I only eat seafood and poultry. Therefore, I don't eat beef, pork, or any other animals that walk on land. So why would I come here? I was with girlfriends and knew that they would LOVE this place, so I decided to take them here based on all the yelp reviews. HUGEEEEE PORTIONS. Delicious food. Friendly service. The dumb cluck sandwich had me savoring every bite. While I can't speak for the rest of the dishes since I didn't try them, I know that everyone in our party of 6 was more than satisfied. It gets pretty busy at night, so make reservations!
I went here for lunch with my mom and we both really enjoyed it!  We split the mac bites, bruschetta flatbread and the blackened mahi tacos.  I've also heard great things about their brunch so I'm excited to go back and try more items on the menu!
This place is normally a let-down because you can never find parking.  Their lunch menu is good, especially their sandwiches. My personal favorite is the Cuban.  With that said, their prices are way over the top.  If you want to grab breakfast or dinner, then skip this place. It isn't that great and I can't believe they have the audacity to charge $11 for two sunnyside eggs, toast, and a few slices of bacon.  I got a $9 set of pancakes one time and they tasted like cardboard.  I would also steer away from their deserts.
Datz has great food, and it's really creative.  I've gotten the happy cow (vegetarian) burger most times that I've gone.  It's not quite as good as I'd like it to be, and it's a little expensive, but I still like the restaurant.  Most meals come with blue cheese potato chips.  I don't usually like chips, but these are great. One of the main reasons that I like Datz is for its creativity.  For example, they've managed to put bacon in almost everything, they have a burger made with a donut, and last time I went, they had creamsicle pancakes. If you're vegetarian, I recommend the April in Paris dish.  (I think it's April, it could be the Summer in Paris dish.)  It's better than the happy cow.
Last weekend, I enjoyed the infamous Vandeross Burger: a flavorful patty topped with white cheddar & a bacon-tomato jam, sandwiched between a glazed donut; it also came with homemade potato chips topped with what I believe was a gorgonzola dressing (I could be wrong on that, I don't quite remember) !!  I saw it on the menu and just knew I had to try it, being the foodie I am. I honestly didn't know what to expect, but it was awesome! My husband and I also got the Deep Fried Jalapeno Mac and Cheese Balls for an appetizer, super tasty as well! I highly recommend the unique and fun menu they have here- we will for sure be back!
I enjoyed Datz a lot. The menu was overwhelming but the Reuben sandwich was to die for and the chips had a knock out sauce. Loved it. Definitely will go back to try breakfast.
The keyword for Datz is decadence. Huge portions, slathered in cheese and all the fats your heart desires (or doesn't desire!). We went around 8:30 AM on a Sunday as soon as they opened for brunch. He had the reuben, I had an egg sandwich with brie, and it was really delicious. He asked for the russian dressing on the side, but they put it on the sandwich, so they gave us a free meal for our next visit. I was really impressed by the great customer service! They also have a cute little bakery next door with *decadent* treats that I will most certainly be indulging in next time.
Always delicious. Wait is long due to high demands always, but worth the wait. A little over- priced but portions are astronomical and u always go home with leftovers.
Had the chicken and waffles here....simply amazing! Everything on the menu is something normal and then they add a unique twist. Very cool place you have to check out.
OK  this is the BEST gastropub in Tampa, hands down! They have an amazing selection of new American cuisine and I have yet to be let down... everything on the menu is full of flavor & the Bloody Marys are the BEST in town too! If you're really hungry substitute chips for MacNCheese on a Sandwich and you will 100% leave satisfied! Brunch & Lunch are cheaper than Dinner so thats a heads up for first timers.
great food . Better deserts !!!  You have to try the vandross burger.
Love Love Love this place!!  My husband and I go there quite frequently.  Their sandwiches are excellent, they have a great beer selection, super yummy pastries and desserts... I haven't had a bad thing yet!  Come hungry because the portions are huge!
I like some of the new menu items that have been added as of late.  Not that I have tried all of them.  I still need to try the Vandross Burger.  Which is a burger that has glazed donuts for the buns.  For me, the "donut for a bun burger" bar has been set with Cypress St Pint and Plate in Atlanta.  The short rib sloppy joe is very flavorful and good size.   I also just had the chicken and waffles benedict for brunch.  Betty and I waited a loooong time for her salad and my benny.  They were very busy, but I was still worried that such a simple ticket was taking so long.  When the bartender placed my benny plate in front of me and one of the poached eggs was not perched atop the chicken and waffles I went to place it in its rightful place.  I could tell it was overcooked by the texture of the whites, very rubbery.  Upon breaking it open, which is always the first thing I do, sure enough it was hard boiled.  The other egg was very close to this as well.  When you compound this with the fact that Betty's salad was missing its grapes, things were not looking up.   After getting the bartenders attention, without hesitation, she took it back to the kitchen to have a new order placed.  She also brought out a little container of grapes.  The benny order came back out perfect, although I am always wishing that their waffles are more crisp.  Betty will probably not be ordering a salad any time soon because this is not the first time things have gone MIA in her salad order and it's really not worth $12.   Really when in doubt, the various sandwiches are the safest bet here, which is kind of funny because even with all the new items that have come into play through the years, the sandwich is what this place excelled at from the get go. I do like the quality beer that they always have on tap and the mini beer events they have going on like the Goose Island Bourbon County release brunch.   So I am keeping the 4 Star rating from before because the quality is there and all, but the mishaps are keeping Datz from gaining 5 Star status.
This place was recommended to me by a coworker and I know I'll be back! When pigs fly is a MUST try. The drinks were great, food amazing and atmosphere was very enjoyable. Stopped by the coffee shop/bakery next door and was blown away by their selection and great peppermint mocha I had. I can't wait to go there again!
My wife and I came here with high expectations from friends and reviews but left rather disappointed. The good: Cocktails were good, bordering on great. My Manhattan was missing the candied bacon listed on the menu, but otherwise things were pretty well done here.  The appetizers were also quite good: the black truffle fries were delicious and the duck sliders were very well done, though not something I'd choose to order again due to personal tastes. The bad: I ordered the Chicken and Waffles.  The waffle itself was dry, chewy and not crispy at all.  A good waffle should be light and crispy, and this was neither, probably due to the cheddar cheese addtion.  That could all be excused, but the fried chicken was terrible.  Flavorless, dry and greasy, there was nothing good about it at all.  Between the two of these, and the bizarre addition of barely-heated baby spinach (with some pretty seriously crunchy stems still attached), this was a disaster of a meal (though the jalapeno-spiced syrup was an inspired idea).  The wife's "Cajun" shrimp and grits was another mess - I think any actual Cajun would be sorely disappointed with the flavors involved here.  It seems like substituting spice for flavor was the thought in this particular dish. For a meal coming in at over a Benjamin including tax and tip, I would expect a much better execution of their main dishes. Their drinks and appetizers were all very good, and they had an excellent selection of desserts, but I think if we come back we'll skip the main meals and just go for a sandwich and a beer. Seriously, it's not that hard to fry chicken.  If you can't do it, don't sell it.  Grab a drumstick from Publix and one from your own kitchen and then try and say yours is better - ain't going to happen.
Stopped in for breakfast - Datz is a cool place with a hip vibe.  The interior is big, they've got all sorts of local goods, and an amazing-looking pastry case that I had to resist (my poor scale can only take so much punishment).   I had the hash, and it came out exactly what I was looking for.  Awesome potatoes, with perfectly cooked corn beef and really outstanding onions thrown into the mix.  Toast on the side was amazing, it's these thick-cut monster slices that were just tasty as anything.  The wife had some kind of chocolate french toast that was too sweet for my tastes, but she devoured it and loved every single bite.  The OJ was about as fresh as possible aside from jamming a straw into an orange.   So I'm raving, but why 4 stars instead of 5?  I had an iced coffee - the toddy - that was $6.  Now I'm an iced coffee aficionado - I drink it every single day.  I could probably tell you the beans' growing region (or blend thereof) after a few sips.  Starbucks, DD, local places, or what I've brewed at home, I've pretty much tried them all.  And this toddy, apparently roasted and sold by Qawha (spelled wrong I'm sure, all those Arabic classes for naught), was very good.  It tasted like it was made with espresso-style roasted beans; a little nutty, a little caramelly, and quite tasty.  But $6?  For a $6 cup of black iced coffee, it should come with iced coffee and $2.50 in change.  This one cup of coffee took up 20% of my bill.  Ouch, guys.   There's a very good chance I'll be back - the hash was the best I've had in years - but I'll be skipping the iced coffee next time.
As I approached my predestined location, a chorus of hunger's gheist cried out in "DATZ," in unison. I enterd the cloud cornucoppia shaped building to find myself greeted by the most scintilating tapestry patterns my eyez have ever beholden. When I entered I saw a line stretched out before me, a test, damned souls perhaps, but above me a light tunnel opened and a waiter appeared and she seamed to glow and trasported me to the front of the line. I sat down opened the menu, popped open that muvv, surprise, my favorite my top 4 appetzires ad there were two! And what is my favourite appetizer you might ask? Welllll out oif all the foods google and  I kmow of, I think the bestest appeztizzer is PRETZEL BYET! Texture, Salty, From the Sea Feeling, Chewy, Doughy Clouds For My Love Mustard Cluster, Y'allKnow Me. Every Star Counts: 1 Star for Service, Datz Takes Talent. 2 Stars for Attitude, Datz Takes a smiles. 3 Stars my fave tizer on the menu! tHat takes taste! 4 Stars for Price. It was very reasonable to eat here and the menu was very fairly priced. I took the train here so I could get whatever I wanted on the menu! Datz a real deal! 5 stars for being close to a
Seriously...with the hundred beers on tap youncant go wrong here.  Food is always awesome, this place never disapoints.
whenever dining in Tampa, Datz is my go-to dinner choice.  I often find myself dreaming of Datz delicacies.   Nothing at Datz is ever done "light" or in small portions.  Expect to find over the top presentations of some of your favorite comfort foods with bacon as a common condiment. Datz offers an extensive craft beer menu which changes often.  Much like the beer menu, the fun decor and accent pieces change often.  No atmospheric dining experiences are ever the same. Although you wouldn't expect to find fish and chips served in newsprint like a fine British fish and chip shop, it's just one of the small flairs added to the presentation of dishes you come to love about Datz.  My favorite sandwich for lunch is the Toasty Roasty, chuck full of roasted seaonal veggies with a large shmear of spreadable cheese. Although kids are always welcome, Datz does not offer a kid's menu.  Any of the menu items can be split and side items make great kid options. Due to its popularity, Datz can be quite busy any day of the week.  Utilize the Open Table reservations on their website.
This is a great place. It claims it is a delicatessen but it is so much more. The ambience is fun and chic. Offers convenient valet parking when you drive up for 5 dollars. The restaurant is bigger than appears from the outside having two floors. The menu is ecclectic and the beer list is extensive. The food is great, I enjoyed the nachos and the fish tacos. The portions are more than enough. The service was quick friendly and attentive. The manager even came by to inquire about our beer selections we were sampling that were new to the restaurant. Overall great dining experience that I highly recommend.
Would have given 4 stars for the food but the horrible service we got dropped it to three. We got there during happy hour so we got to try the pretzel bites for half price. They were absolutely AMAZING. For dinner I had the stuffed meatloaf with some decent garlic mashed potatoes and these delicious peas. The meatloaf was good but it was stuffed with this Mac and cheese that was kinda weird.... My boyfriend had the fish and chips. I thought that you normally got French fries with fish and chips and so did he but it was actual chips that were not very good. The fish was absolutely DELICIOUS! I wish I would have had the same thing as him :( we checked in with yelp and got a free gelato (chocolate brownie). The gelato was sooo good! My first time having gelato and I'm quite impressed. The service... Wow... Absolutely awful. We got there at 5 and we were seated upstairs instantly. We waited almost ten minutes until someone came to our table to see what we wanted to drink. We were rushed to order our food and then sat around waiting for it forever. When it did come, they got my boyfriends order wrong. The waitress blamed it on the guy who brought it and she brought the correct thing out pretty quickly. We waited forever for our bill and when she brought it she had charged us for both the incorrect food that was brought and the correct food, basically double charging us. I waited over ten minutes for her to come back so I could tell her about it. She proceeded to blame it on her manager. Seriously? Be an adult and own up to your mistakes! All the times we were sitting around waiting for her to come to our table, she had her back to us and was chatting it up with the other servers, do your damn job. Don't waste my time. We came from out of town to go to Busch gardens. If we come back to Tampa, we probably won't be returning. Now that I have written all of this down, I think three stars is too generous so I'm dropping it to two.
Loved, loved, loved it!! My first visit to Tampa in a long while and Datz was recommended to  me! The decor: beer bottle chandeliers, wired fence leading up the steps, dim lighting. The food is AMAZING. It seems like many dining establishments have attempted the chicken and waffle but Datz you most definitely own it!! The Waffles and Tweet are a house favorite and rightfully so. The chicken strips are cooked to perfection, crispy on the outside but definitely retaining its juiciness. The waffles are buttery and light. The sauteed spinach served on the side is everything. Now, lets discuss the Short Rib Sloppy Joe! From the first bite, the flavors are remarkable! Its the perfect combination of sweet and savory. The crisp onion placed on top is genius and provides an additional flavor that is very much appreciated. Now wash all that deliciousness down with any of their amazing cocktails. No, I didn't have them all but I am sure no wrong will be met. I loved the Siesta Key Spiced Rum. The subtle flavors of cinnamon, vanilla and all things autumn blend sooo well together. It's just that great!!
A place I keep coming back for more.  The sandwiches are fabulous.  I had the Havana, which was good, however my friend had a cheesesteak like sandwich with beer cheese that was UNBELIEVABLE.  Personally, the blue cheese on the chips could have had a bit more punch as I think it is more like a mayo than a blue cheese.  Service is good, not great.
Check it out. Anytime. Brunch, lunch, dinner, carry out, and catering.  Great food and wow- the red velvet cake!
Honestly I'm giving it five stars because the waitress was from New York and she was very enthusiastic and well knowledgeable of what was good. That's not easy to do no matter what anyone says. So amazing Mac and cheese jalapeños Amazing datchos never had that before. Best nachos to date. Potato chip nachos um genius.. Chicken and waffles and pulled chicken sandwich all good. I had a get lucky it was amazing lil sweet my a strong drink but he taste made up. And another mojito whiskey type drink. It was always very tasty. We say outside and it rained hard which was awesome. It was hot and added a nice shower. Great layback music you can't complain about and it's at the perfect volume to hear lyrics a and zone out or talk and hear the person across from you without screaming. Very great interior design and color ways. So overall a must stop if you visit and you want between fine dining suit attire and a franchise chain you don't want. Prices are high and low just depends what you get. Have fun stop at Datz if your in Tampa
Was surprised to find such a hustling bar/restaurant as from the outside I thought maybe it was just a deli. What a surprise! There are 3 bar areas, and an upstairs that had a huge selection of beer and wine to choose from. We opted for some cocktails....the spaaaa-ahhhh water (cucumber martini of sorts) was quite refreshing, but the pink apple lady feel kinda flat as a plain cosmopolitan cocktail. For about $10 each I expect an amazing drink these were okay. The food was the best part and for us worth the $$. I had the chicken with bacon which was served with soooo many delicious chips I didn't want to stop eating them!!! Seriously these Datz chips are the best thing ever! My friend ordered the Rueben that was stuffed with corn beef and loaded with Chips as well for about $12-$14 each. The atmosphere is loud and friendly so I could see bringing a group of friends or hanging at the bar areas. I can see why this place gets crowded as there is something for everyone to enjoy here!
I don't know what has happened to Datz. This place used to be my favorite go-to in South Tampa whether it was for breakfast or dinner. I have easily been there 50-60 times over the last 2 years. I can only assume they have hired a new cook. The past 3 times I've gotten take out the food has been completely horrible. Lacking taste, overcooked meals, and just not the same. What bothers me the most is the fact that every time I easily spent over $100- $150. I am sorry but you have lost a fan.
I adore the food and ambiance at Datz. As I live quite a bit of distance away I consider it a treat place to go for a meal with friends. I've tried quite a few menu items but as they change often I'll review what I ordered this last visit. The Carolina on my Mind sandwich was stuffed full of flavorful pulled pork in a mustard based sauce with a nice heap of crispy cool cole slaw on a soft bun. I enjoy Carolina BBQ at other places and this is right up there on the list! Served with a side of their house made chips with blue cheese drizzle I was more than satisfied and took some home to enjoy later. Beyond adequate portions. They are almost always busy so expect to wait for a table, and parking can be a pain in the tush but it's worth it for sure.
3 Strikes & You're Out: My boyfriend and I have unfortunately had three bad experiences at Datz. We are always willing to give a place a second and third try as some days are just "off". In our case, we gave them three chances and they never changed our mind. The one and only plus : the food is great! If you don't care about service than by all means go to Datz. First Chance: We waited 45 minutes (not an exaggeration) for our DRINKS! When we got our drinks the waiter dropped them off and we couldn't get him back to take our food order for another 20 minutes! Second Chance: Sat at the bar and received awful service. No refills on our drinks & food took a long time. We decided to give them another try because we knew it was a busy night for them. Third (and last) Chance: We waited a good 15minutes to order our drinks and were never asked for a second round. My boyfriend ordered the shrimp and grits and there were NO grits. The kitchens excuse was that the grits "cooked off into the liquid". Anyone who knows about grits, knows that that is complete crap. We sent back the plate and they offered to add more grits. Another 35 minutes later he received his plate back. My friend and I had already finished our meal and my boyfriend just got his boxed up to go. They weren't even that apologetic about the situation. Like I said earlier, the food is very good and if you don't mind completely crap service for not a cheap meal, than by all means take a swing at Datz.
Such a cool find! Funky atmosphere, food with a bit of a flare. Big portions. Ill be back! Next door is their bakery "Dough"...Best homemade "Twinkies" EVER (sorry Hostess).
Ask for Lyndsay, as far as the food-WOW.  We shared the Nom Nom & Cheese, Datchos, Hansel & Gretel, and Carolina On My Mind.  If you're in Tampa, make sure to visit Datz.
Always an adventure eating here! Excellent food selection, fun helpful wait staff, great craft beer selection, and the flavors are always out of this world! Easily one of the best places to eat in Tampa. BTW, I hear the bacon platter is a spectacle for your taste buds.
I will make it simple: I have given this place several tries and I have NEVER had decent service. The food is overpriced. This is Tampa. Not NYC.
I'm a little conflicted with this review. The food was pretty good, but the service was mediocre at best. I've been wanting to come here for quite some time, and having a friend in from out of town was the perfect excuse. Let's talk food first... We had a party of six (including two younger children). We ordered the Prairie Butter (bone marrow) and When Pigs Fly (bacon "flight"). The marrow was actually very good, but there was no where near enough bread for the three big bones in the "shared" portion...in fact, the bread was gone and we had a whole bone left. Also, the bread we did get was burnt, not nicely charred, burnt. The bacon was good, but not at all what I was expecting. For $15, you should receive more than five pieces of bacon. If you're going to give me enough sauce, syrup, and jelly for  a pound of bacon, you can at least give more than five pieces. Dinner was much better...the hubs had the Colonel's Kentucky Bowl (mashed potatoes and corn were phenomenal), I had the Waffles 'n Tweet, which was also very good (but should've saved some of the syrup from the bacon, as the waffles were a bit dry). The other couple with us had the Boss (shoulder steak) and the fish tacos, and they said both were very good. Now the service....one of the worst experiences ever from the moment we walked in the door. Since we didn't have reservations on a Saturday night, we used the text-ahead feature advertised on their website. I sent the text about 10 minutes before we arrived (just before 6pm, and hour after they open for dinner service), and it said there was no wait. Upon arriving, the hostess informed us there would be a 35-45 minute wait. We told her we just sent the text and it said no wait, to which she informed us they didn't have the service turned on at that time. What good does a text-ahead service do if it's not turned on or accurate?? In any event, we asked to be seated outside, so we were seated within 10 minutes. The server took nearly 10 minutes to come to the table with waters. It got a little better, but was quite slow for the majority of the evening (we were there for two hours, practically searching for our server to get our checks). The worst was the beer list...the keg on the first beer I ordered blew, so she brought me half a beer (on the house since it was the last of that keg, which was nice). Then when we ordered a second round, our dining partners had to order three times because they were out of the first two beers they asked for. It's a paper menu, why not cross off what you're out of? Anyway, while the food was good, I'm just not buying all the hype. Maybe I'll try again in the future, seems like the brunchers have a better success rate and higher rated reviews.
Well, here goes nothing....I came back for a pretty fabulous dinner recently with my good friend. Being a sandwich enthusiast, he got the Reuben. Being a fan of lots of dead animals, I ordered the special of the night, which was a steak and shrimp skewer over a bed of wild rice in a mushroom sauce. Served with a side of bacon wrapped asparagus. We ordered guacamole as an appetizer, to see if it was as good as my homemade guacamole. Embarrassingly enough, it was probably a little bit better than mine. When our food came out, I was concerned that my portion was too small (for $20, in a very casual atmosphere, I didn't want to overpay). But, as I dug into the dish, it turned out to be the perfect amount. When you have skewers of steak, it's probably a good idea to never expect the best, as a small cut of meat easily overcooks. Well, I don't know HOW they did it, but my steak was seriously great. Pink and moist and flavorful. The shrimp were tasty, and the wild rice was killing me it was so good. Obviously the bacon wrapped asparagus was great, too. Shockingly enough, our waitress was super sweet and attentive as well. She was easy to talk to and I felt really comfortable with her. I wandered over to the cafe/bakery and picked up some of their French Macaron cookies. They were much better than expected! I'd say, honestly, that they might be the only "true" macaons I've had in the Tampa Bay area. Brunch here kind of hurts me, however. I think it's great that Datz is popular. But WHY ARE THERE SO MANY JERKS THAT EAT HERE? Seriously, waiting an hour for brunch wasn't really a lot of fun for me. The one (seemingly) highlight was the "build your own Bloody Mary" bar they have downstairs. It was only $5 and I could load my drink with anything I wanted. It was a good idea at the time, because I was bored and starving, but it wasn't a really good Bloody, since everything was poured warm and weak. Meh. I ordered hash...the name on the menu is "Datz a Good Hash", which I stubbornly refused to say, because I have a real bone to pick with punny food names. I should not be humiliated by my food. My friend got some sort of eggs benedict shit that I will never go near because I am terrified of poached eggs. The hash was really good, and I liked the bits of potato in it. Yum. My friend claimed his dish was good as well. All in all, the breakfast menu doesn't really appeal to my personal tastes, but I will for SURE come back for dinner.
My favorite restaurant right now, hands down. The atmosphere, the staff, the FOOD...all of it is excellent. Trying everything on their menu is on my bucket list!
I can't count how many times I've eaten at Datz in the past few years. I like sitting outside the best, which we usually do on Saturdays for brunch (served until 3, I believe). As far as lunch/dinner/indoors: I have always loved the interior of Datz - awesome wine bottle chandeliers, hideous chain-link fence re-imagined as a cool hipster-y railing along the stairwell and upstairs balcony; macaroons in rows staring at you from the case up front. It's very cool and I like the homey things they sell. So on the brunch:  I like a few of the brunch items, including signature sides of BACON, but the clear winner for me is the Eggs Barbicoa. It's an amazing southwestern-style skillet dish served with one of my favorite garnishes - cilantro. I've ordered other items, but that one sticks out the most. NOTE: HUGE portion. I'd recommend an app and sharing the entree, then heading to Dough next door for coffee & dessert. Or, go for it, but expect to have leftovers. Chicken and waffles here is good but I've tried it twice and both times it wasn't warm enough. The last time I came for brunch, I got the seasonal french toast with creme brûlée, and was neither disappointed nor blown away. However, the seasonal cocktail is the Drunken Pumpkin, and it's pretty tasty! Datz is great, but there's always something that stops it from being a 5-star review. Not that 4 stars is bad, it's really good. Prices are neither too expensive nor particularly cheap; they're about right. Usually the wait isn't bad, especially with the text service they offer. The only time we waited for an excessively long period was when we were a party of 6, on a Friday, at 8. Sort of to be expected. For dinner, I hear the meatloaf is amazing. I like the cocktails that are offered for around $10, particularly a peach one. I like most of the things I've ordered, including: Mac and cheese bite apps Black truffle fries Kale salad Carolina on my Mind and Dumb Cluck sandwiches ... and the new chicken & biscuits dish with these amazing house-made cheddar biscuits.
This is an absolute gem in a city otherwise lacking in establishments of this caliber, & therefore absolutely worthy of my 200th review. Datz was recommended to me by my coworker when we were at Wright's one day, discussing Cuban sandwiches & where the best in Tampa can be found. While Matt wasn't sure where the best Cuban was, he insisted that if it was a sandwich we wanted, we had to try Datz. (No Tampa native can deny how excellent Wright's is, but Datz is a whole 'nother story...) So the review: Datz is like a deli on amphetamines. You can go straight to the deli counter & get yourself some meats, cheeses, salads, sandwiches, or coffee; or you can sit down at a table (upstairs, downstairs, or outside) & order off of the menu; or you can sit upstairs at the bar and chat it up with the bartender & the other locals who know where it's at. It's a great loft-style building that reminds me so much of San Francisco that I have to actively remind myself I'm not in California anymore. Add to this the fact that most of the servers seem to have tattoos & piercings galore (something I associate much more with the SF Bay Area than the Tampa Bay Area) & the image is complete. Sometimes you'll find live music on the first floor. Always you'll find delicious food... such delicious food! The sandwiches are all fantastic, and the eggs benedict (served for breakfast & weekend brunch) are to die for. Prices are reasonable -- it's not cheap, but it won't break the bank. The beer menu is pages long, & if you should find yourself waiting for a table, one of the employees may wander by and ask, "Do you like beer? Good. Do you want to taste some beer? Let's drink some beer," & then pick out a handful of beers from the refrigerated cases and pour you a few mouthfuls of each. They make damn good coffee; my husband's a fan of the cold brewed, but they do run out of it, so be prepared to ask for something else. The ONLY thing I don't like about Datz is the lack of decent hot sauce. Breakfast potatoes aren't meant to be eaten mild! Oh by the way, did I mention that they're open till 2 on the weekends, & will continue to serve food till at least midnight? Booyah.
A foodie wonderland. Little bit if NYC, little bit of the south - all in one place. Deli, bakery and sit down restaurant with amazing food and beer selection.
Heard about Datz via word of mouth from a coworker. Called to make reservations, but was told they only did 30 minute call ahead. On the way over, we called ahead. They got our number wrong for call-ahead (they text you when the table is ready). Luckily we were right by the hostess stand or else we would have missed our table. Our waitress was polite but very, very, slow. Only filled up our water once, and didn't ask how the food was. We had to grab her attention if we needed anything. The restaurant was busy, but doesn't excuse forgetting to bring simple side stuff such as sugar and creamer to the table after being asked for it. The food took a long time to come to our table. We had the mac daddy, breakfast blt, brie barnot, chicken and biscuit eggs benedict, and sweet cake pancakes. While we loved, and devoured, most of our dishes... The sweet cakes were AWFUL! Absolutely dry, like they forgot the wet ingredient. You put a fork in them and they crumbled to powder. When we told the waitress about it, she agreed they were dry. She apologized and took the meal off our bill. She left the inedible pancakes on the table for the duration of the meal. She offered us a free dessert, but we were pretty full and were going to the beach so didn't want to leave it in the car. The manager never came around to check on us or apologize. Strange, for such a severe mess up, but they were crazy busy. This gets 4 stars from me because my dish was awesome. -1 star for speed of service (which was abysmal at best.)
I dream of datchos. No, really. Datz is worth the 45 minute drive for me. I first visited for "late night" (like 9:30) cake after a dance class I took nearby. It was amazing and made me come back for actual food. First time I had dinner here, I tried the pink peppercorn chicken (yum!) and breakfast for dinner (which was massive) and had some gelato. Second time I was here I split the datchos with a friend. Oh my. Sweet and salty potato chips, tangy chili, cheese, sour cream... I'm drooling just thinking about it. I ordered chicken and waffles (with jalapeno maple syrup... brilliant) after that and boxed it. P.S. that reheats well in a toaster oven... My friend has a gluten intolerance and when we told the waitress, 1) she actually knew what it was and 2) she made sure my friend's dish was GF. We found out there was flour in it somewhere and we managed to switch it to something else that would work. The last time I was there I went with the same friend and we split another order of datchos. Still as delicious as the first time. I tried their version of the ceasar salad and was really happy, yet again. My friend got some kind of a steak with a coke and hoisin glaze on it. Looked fantastic. I tried her mashed potatoes and they were some of the best restaurant ones I've had. Why can't you be closer to me, Datz? WHYYYYYY?!
I loved the ambiance, food, and servers at Datz. The service was extremely fast for the most part and the honesty of the server was refreshing. I will be back. Don't miss the extra parking around the side! I did and had to walk from the bicycle repair shop a block away.
What can I say about Datz? It's a great place for meeting friends in groups or just a couple of you. The beer selection is pretty significant and the menu has plenty of variety. I've had brunch there and everyone has enjoyed it as well as lunch and dinner. The food is pretty carb heavy with tones of bread and fried food so I don't eat there too often as I prefer a menu with lighter fare but it's a great place for a treat. Service has always been OK, the bar can be a little slow at times but seems more due to the layout of the bar area than to the fault of any staff. Parking at peak times can also be a challenge but all-in-all it is well worth the trip to this South Tampa staple.
I always drag friends and family here.... It took a long time for me to finally STOP and check out Datz. While I avoid it during peak times after having lunch multiple times and taking the breakfast finally I can say this place is now one of my local favorites. I love the chips served with their sandwiches and both the Reuben and chicken based fare I've eaten were very tasty. The big pleasure for me though was going early at 7am on a Thursday for breakfast with a friend. All too often I end up at IHOP at 4am. This was worth it in my book. The "Sunrise at Graceland" plate was a huge serving that I even had to take half home with me. If you like an awesome mix of savory (bacon) and sweet (bananas + peanut butter) this frankenfood is for you. The deli area has lots of great looking sauces, cheeses, and some interesting looking pints of ice cream with CRAZY flavors. The -only- gripe I could ever have is sometimes to kitchen is a bit slow, but that is why I now avoid the peak times. My mom, stepdad, and I waited quite a while to be served (they made it through 2 beers) during lunch one day. I find myself making excuses to go back, which is a pretty high rating in my book.
This place is awesome! Period. :)
I love Datz! My fiancé and I have been her many times and the food is always amazing and so is the service. This morning we went for breakfast. I love that the open so early so for early birds like us we can still go and get amazing food.  I ordered there 22oz gigantic cup of coffee cappuccino style. I love their coffee. Its always brewed to perfection not to mention that it comes with half a chocolate chip cookie. The barista/hostess was so kind. When she dropped it off, my fiancee had mentioned that I hadn't seen they had a Butter Beer Latte (I'm a slight Harry Potter fan) and she offered to bring me some of the flavoring that goes in the latte for me to add to me coffee. Let me just say it made my coffee that much more amazing! For our main meal I ordered the billy Benedict and the bacon infused potatoes. The portions were massive. The Benedict was cooked to perfect and tasted amazing. The potato's were also very good. Downside was that i couldn't really fast the bacon flavor on them. I could however taste the onions that came mixed in the potatoes which were terrible but i was hoping for a more bacon-y taste. My fiance ordered a build your own omelet. It was MASSIVE! He is someone who can always finish his plate and usually whatever is leftover on mine and we ended up taking half of his home! He also go the bacon infused potatoes and felt the same as i did regarding the lack of bacon flavor and a side of toast. One thing I do love about Datz breakfast is that when you do order toast they aways bring you your own individual jar of jam. It really is a nice classy touch. Unfortunately the computer system was down (silly technology) so I didn't get a receipt with our servers name on it but he was so nice and attentive!!
All I can say is that I love everything about this place. It's unique and one of a kind. There is nothing like in Tampa anywhere. The Mac n Cheese bites are my favorite thing on the menu. I ALWAYS have to get them if I go here.
Great marketplace and a diverse menu.  The curry chicken is fantastic and the homemade kettle chips are an entree unto themselves---delicious!
I have to say, I went into Datz with high expectations. The numerous good reviews, it being one of the top restaurants on Yelp, and having attended an excellent Yelp party there. Unfortunately, I was sadly disappointed. First, upon arriving, there was a large wait. The staff at the front door was excellent, and we actually were sat in less time then what they had stated. I always give huge kudos to restaurants that make sure to give you realistic time frames. It may sound like I am complaining about a wait time, but I am not.  Popular restaurants during busy times almost always have a wait, and I always appreciate places that manage to handle that wait well, like Datz did. My biggest complaint of the day was the food. I ordered sweet pancakes, a new menu items, which were supposed to be vanilla flavored. Other then the syrup, there was nothing really sweet about the pancakes, and I could not taste any vanilla in them. They were of respectable size, but I honestly expected something a little more gourmet. Also, for the price, I expect more then two tiny little pieces of bacon. My wife ordered a sandwich that seemed much more appetizing, but as far as my meal went, it was not at all up to the quality that I expected upon going in. The other complaint that I had was the service. Our server appeared disinterested. She took our drink and food orders, but it was very matter of fact. She mad the requisite drink refill stop once, but other then that, she was non-existent. I don't expect a server to sit at our table and chat all day, but they should appear friendly, offer up suggestions on what to try at the menu, maybe tell you what their favorite item is. The server earned her tip, but from a restaurant of Datz' fame, I expect a little bit better. Overall, it was an ok experience, but I almost feel cheated, even seeing the reviews on the side column while I type this. I will be giving Datz another try, and hopefully I can come back to this review and edit it more in their favor
Issues with parking usually equal a good place. And this is the case with Datz. The Havana Hottie is one of the best sandwiches I've consumed, I highly recommend it. The draft beer selection is exceptional, plenty of variety. Upstairs is the place to be. Great bar and a little more intimate. Although the outside setting is nice too, if you're up for outdoors. As for the service, all the times I've been there, it's been top notch. And finally.. "this is crazy", but I have to say I love the bathroom. Vintage style pictures of places around the bay area and a low ceiling, which makes me feel like a giant! Great for a casual, but upscale-ish date.
This place never disappoints!  The menu is so original and so delicious!!  They also have this great app where you can text them and get on the wait immediately without being there- now THAT'S cool
Datz is totally wicked!! We started in the wrong door, the bakery which had awesomely cool pink and white striped walls. The staff was extremely friendly and pointed us in the direction of the restaurant. The hostess explained we just beat the crowd and we were immediately seated upstairs. The view was very impressive, you could see the whole restaurant from our table! Our super funny and very nice server pointed out some of her favorite things on the menu and helped us decide. For starters we got the monkey bread, which is a delicious gooey, sticky cinnamon roll. For breakfast I had the creme brûlée French toast. Wow, it was amazing!!! The top of the bread was crunchy and sweet and there was scrumptious custard hidden underneath. Datz has some of the best food around!!! I can't wait to come back soon!
I have only eaten here once, sadly, but it was delicious! It was around 7am the morning after clubbing when usually I scarf down McDonald's or IHOP. The plans to have breakfast here were made in advance, as I was so excited to finally try their amazing breakfast - and with the company of a guy I was crushing on pretty hard! I had the corn beef hash, which is one of my favorite hearty breakfast staples and it definitely didn't disappoint. Although I am usually not a fan of 1). being up that early, or 2). the thought of eating anything that early, I dove into my heaping helping fork first and with great enthusiasm. My portion was huge and ended up being my after-nap snack later that day and was still just as delicious! It was around the winter time when we went so I ordered a hot chocolate and it, too was HUGE; I had to hold my mug with both hands as a necessity. Even though I have yet to be back, it's not for lack of wanting. There are way too many things left on their menu that I need to try, so I will be returning very shortly.  In my opinion, this restaurant is one of the shining examples of why South Tampa is so awesome; we have an abundance of small, independent restaurants bursting at the seams with culinary delights!
You have to try the pasta primavera!!! Excellent service and beautiful place.
A local favorite. Great burgers, beer, and deserts. Prices range from $12 and up. They have a huge amount of beers and ciders on tap. Plus a full cocktail bar. We love the home made chips. You must get the monster brownie - it holds up well to go if you're too full - take it home & eat it later. They have a kids menu; most meals are $7. My kids loved the toys they came with.
I die.   Recommended by foodie and seasoned yelper, Kerry J, I almost lost my marbles when I finally gave Datz a try.   I added my phone # to the text-reservation system while I was still getting ready for brunch and by the time we arrived, our table was going to be ready in 5 minutes (down from 45).  This was the first impression, and it was a good one! Design and ambiance are two huge things that I believe make a fantastic dining experience even better.  Upon entering, you'll immediately notice dramatic choices of color and the 2nd story dining loft that overlooks the main dining room.  Their menu is printed like a newspaper which allows you to learn what they've got to eat as well as customer reviews, company happenings and other Datz related messages.  It feels like a totally original concept.   Passing by dessert cases filled with food porn nay presenting cookies, cupcakes, multiple cheesecakes, and coffee on our way to our table really got my appetite going.  I ordered the "April in Paris" sandwich which was a fantastically constructed combination of "Warm melted brie, tomato, arugula, basil pesto, on grilled country bread."  I also ordered the black truffle fries to compliment my already over-indulgent but delightfully delicious sandwich. Dan ordered the macaroni stuffed meatloaf which interestingly enough was a true meatloaf that combined multiple types of meat with the macaroni stuffed right inside of it.   Decadent, delicious and unexpected, a tastebud orgasm ensued for the both of us. Recommended for those who are looking for progressive and interesting flavor combinations.  Conservative diners need not try.
Last night was my first time here except for the Livin La vida Local Yelp event.  We went to Datz dough first and it was the best donuts I have ever had.  They are so light and fluffy.  I actually cut the donut in half  so I can savour it for later.  The gelatos were delicious and so original. After, we went next door to Datz.  I ordered a salad.  They were very accomoditing as I am very picky and it came out perfectly.  To start of, they brought Nola popcorn to the table and it was the best, I would have loved it to go!  I am not a big popcorn fan so it was the perfect balance of sweet and salty.
I'm a Cali girl and I do not fair well with rainstorms and especially tornados. While driving on the middle of the bridge from St. Petersburg to Tampa, I received a tornado warning on cell. All of a sudden, I couldn't see the road. All I saw was hazards and people pulling over to the side of the road. I followed the car in front of me and made it safely to Tampa where there was no rain. Weird. I arrived at my destination, which is Datz. There were plenty of rave reviews for this place, so I couldn't wait to try it. Let me say, my experience was extremely disappointing. I didn't spare any expense; It's a business trip, I was dining alone and I wanted to enjoy myself. The service started out promising at first. Then I ordered the following: Black Truffle Fries and Bistro Filet. I had the fries and it was really bland and soggy; I didn't really finish it since it was lacking flavor. Then I started eating the Bistro Filet. The meat was tough and the chimichurri sauce again was lacking any depth in flavor. It just felt like a gooey oily sauce on top of the overcook and tough cut of steak. Barely ate it as well. Since I checked in with the Yelp app, I received a free order of Monkey Bread. I asked the waitress for the free Monkey Bread and she was extremely hesitant to. She asked the manager if she could take the coupon, which I didn't mind at all. I understand it's better to be safe than sorry. So I was excited for the infamous Monkey Bread. First, I couldn't cut into it with a knife. I should have known better than to try to just bite it, it almost broke my teeth (exaggerating of course - but it was extremely hard piece of pastry). It tasted burnt! I didn't eat anymore, so I just sat there giving the cue that I was done. It took the waitress a long time to ask me if I was done and to give my bill. It took almost 15 minutes. After experiencing the horrible drive, food and ending service - I just needed to use the bathroom. I went into the bathroom, turned on the lights and I saw two cockroaches fleeing. Gross. Seriously. Gross. I hate writing bad reviews unless really warranted, sorry Datz.
Bomb soul food accidentally discovered by word of mouth while in town for a conference.  Though I was not too impressed with the rest of Tampa, I would consider coming back here to eat!  Datchos were the BOMB!   It the one of the most amazing brunches I've had in recent memory.  Wait is long and parking is a headache (for an out-of-towner), but service is friendly and good.
I went to lunch here the other day with some friends.  It was just okay - I was expecting more.  It seems like they hype it up to be more than it is.  I also thought it was a little pricey, especially the drinks.  I had a $10 margarita that was tiny.  I mean, it was delicious, but not worth $10 for sure.   I had the fish tacos which I actually really liked.  We also started with the mac bites which were very tasty.   My husband did not care for his ruben sandwich.  There was barely any meat on the sandwich.  My friends ate some of their's, but didn't really think it was anything special.   Very disappointed overall.  Not that it was bad - I was just expecting more and it was just average.  Plus the service was lacking.
I've been here for brunch and dinner, and I'm definitely a fan. First of all, the restaurant has a very nice ambience, a bar in the back, upstairs seating, a bar in the front, dessert case, outside seating, books and a small area with various foods for you to peruse. As far as the food goes, the portions are very generous, so it's unlikely you will leave hungry. I had the chicken n' waffle benedict which showcases some perfectly poached eggs atop boneless fried chicken breast, and some crispy, doughy cheddar waffles. The fried chicken could have used some seasoning but overall a great dish. i've also had the colonel's bowl which is fried chicken atop mashed potatoes. I can tell you that this dish can probably be two servings. Holy moly. The hot diggity dog is also decent but the bread is slightly dry. I love the mac bites, crispy on the outside and gooey and hot on the inside. Overall I do love Datz, the wait can pile up especially at brunch so I would recommend going early, although most of the time it's not too bad.
Since I moved to Tampa I heard people rave about Datz.  The iconic deli always pops up on friend's blogs or facebook feeds.  Every time I would get the urge to check it out, I would look at their menu.  Every time I opted to go someone else since they didn't have any vegan friendly entrees.     Today, though, I wanted to take my parents up the road to Pane Rustica; however, it is closed on Mondays.  So I did a quick menu search at Datz, and I noticed they had a veggie burger.  Finally, I was going to dine at Datz.   I ordered the veggie burger, which wasn't anything spectacular (it was not homemade), but the delicious bun and the side salad (subbed instead of the potato chips) was amazing.  And the portions are enough to feed an army.  But don't worry I ate most of it myself.   My parents had corned beef something or other and were in heaven.   All and all, solid food.  And good customer service (they screwed up our order and gave us a cupcake for our inconvenience).
Datz was one of the first restaurants in Tampa that I absolutely fell in love with. It's quirky, it's fun, and the menu is great. I've yet to order anything that hasn't sent me over the moon. I've only had dinner here once before, but have been for breakfast several times. Parking and crowds can be a pain if you wait until after 10 on the weekends for brunch, but if you get there early enough it isn't bad. I was just here for breakfast on Sunday and was seated right away at 9:00am and found a parking spot right out front. Since it was a gorgeous day, we opted to eat outside in the patio and enjoy the Tampa sunshine. I ordered the belgian waffle with the strawberry sauce on the side and the little container they served it with ended up being the perfect amount. The waffles also came with fresh strawberries and a side of bacon. The bacon and sausage here are top notch and definitely worth trying if you're a meat eater. One day I hope to return with a group of friends who are willing to tackle the red velvet pancakes together. They look amazing, but I think might be a bit too much for just me. One day though. ;)
One of my favorite brunches in the bay!  Creativity and plate presentation is always on point and at the top of their game. Im a huge fan of taking visitors from out of town in to try something that is familiar with a twist that will knock your socks off. I have been in many times now and have to say one of my favorite items was the Corn meal flapjack with pulled pork and strawberry bbq sauce maply syrup. They keep the menu switching it up finding new combinations to wow your pallet. 5 stars because it is just that darned good!
So I finally got to test out what all the buzz is about thanks to a buddy with an office across the street. And it was really good! Got the Razorback N'Forth, which is a baked ham & swiss cheese, Dijon mustard with extra swiss and parmesan grilled on the outside. It was excellent, and just enough food where I could eat it all without needing a wheelbarrow to get outside. They also seem to have a great beer selection, and even some funky sodas to accompany you for lunch. Would like to try it out for dinner as well, as some of the entrees looked super awesome. We did have to wait for a bit during a Friday for lunch, but I guess that's to be expected. The location isn't huge, and obviously the food is really good so it does get crowded. And I did pay $12 for a ham and cheese sandwich, which does seem a bit high. But overall I really enjoyed it and will return.
One of the best spots in Tampa. Military friendly. An all around place great for friends and family.
This place is too neat! The whole restaurant had nice decor that matched and looked nice. Tons of craft beers to choose from. There are such fancy beers that cost about $45 a bottle, which is insane. But there are a lot of good ones for a decent price available. I had the Vandross burger, which consisted of burger in between a glazed doughnut with jam inside. It was absolutely amazing. Service was pretty slow and that was the only downside of things.
Alright, here's the skinny... 1. Order the black truffle fries as you're sitting down because they took a while to get to us (us = my wife and I) 2. We saw red velvet pancakes served at another table (we need another stomach!) It looked... drool-inspiring. GET IT! (disclosure: we didn't try it... just looked divine) 3. Here's the dish that was brought to us by an angel... (or was he a fairy??)... the CHICKEN & WAFFLES dish should be illegal. Let me explain... - Big momma SAVORY chicken strips (but they're serious, don't worry), breaded to perfection. - Nice and toasty waffles with... a JALAPENO-INFUSED maple syrup. The sweet and spicy combination just cannot be beat. - They ingeniously added a side of warm and SALTY spinach. Oh yeah... I know what you're thinking... SAVORY + [(SWEET*SPICY) / (1/SALTY)] = h_e_a_v_e_n_l_y (factorial) big Big BIG W-I-N. Let me know if you want to open up in Miami... I can help!! So why not give 'em 5 stars, you ask? Because the CHICKEN & WAFFLES was the only tried and true star + the food took just a little too long to come out.
The quality of ingredients, atmosphere and service was great. Thanks Datz keep it up! I run a restaurant and can be hard to please but, I got to peek into the preparation area to find it just as clean as my own. Most of these yelpers on here have no idea just how hard it is to run a restaurant as they leave complaints instead of constructive criticism for the owners. Restaurants serve hundreds of dishes every day and to keep up with demand, product freshness, manage staff, maintain cleanliness etc. every single one of those days...exhausting to say the least. These wanna be food critics on here would be leaving very different reviews if it was their establishment under the microscope. Which leads me to this idea Yelp, make all the yelpers (not just restaurants) post where they work and position so that all can be scrutinized. The tone of Yelpers reviews would be significantly different.
I love this place! Great beer selection, GREAT FOOD and the decor is amazing. Every time we go it's a completely different experience. If you sit upstairs, sit downstairs, at the bar, sit in the cafe, or outside every area has its own special feel. The menu is different here, it is printed out like a newspaper and the menu changes randomly. The list for breakfast, lunch and dinner are different and has lots of choices to choose from. I have ordered and throughly enjoyed the dachos many times, their buffalo mac and cheese (no longer available, sadly), meat loaf, chicken and waffles with jalapeno syrup, several sandwiches and the list goes on. I have never been disappointed with the food, it always comes out fresh and accurate. Its hard to say get  one thing, because it all has been good but if I had to, GET THE DACHOS WITH EXTRA BLUE CHEESE DRIZZLE!!!! They make their own slow drip coffee, along with tons of creative coffees and deserts to try. The severs are amazing, very knowledgeable and make you feel welcome. The parking is horrendous at times, but definitely worth the trip. It is a must to eat here if visiting Tampa.
They were out of 5 different beers that I wanted to order, but our waitress was fantastic. Burgers and chips were delicious and I ended up with a limited release Dogfish Head, so I can't complain.
Great local place with unique foods. So good!!! The wait wasn't long either and they were packed!
Chicken and waffles - yums! Esp the jalapeno maple syrup...mmmm! I can't say i really tasted the cheddar in the waffles though. shrugz Truffle oil fries and mac n cheese bites - Tasted fine but I can see why they'd be crowd pleasers though. Other entrees ordered were the meatload (hubby hated it), the honeyed salmon (deeelish!), short rib sammich (not great but the chips that came with them were slammin jammins!), and tacos (good reviews there as well). Would probably be back for more chix n waffles action although they are huge portions so we ended up packing a lot of our food to go.
I heard alot about Datz from Yelp and my girlfriend. We went to brunch on Saturday morning as a belated birthday brunch for my girlfriend. Overall, the ambiance was great, the food was fun and creative and the overall experience was well and I would recommend a visit to this gastropub for Brunch. Ambiance: The seating was varied through the restaurant. There was traditional tables as well as bar seating. I also saw an area upstairs but we were seated on the first floor near the dessert display. The decorations were also varied and fun. Our table was near a few jersey's that were framed that I recognized (Derrick Brooks Buc Jersey). Food: The menu was a mock newspaper. The dishes within the menu reflected the creativeness of the menu. I ordered the migas dish which was like breakfast nachos. The dish overall was very good and balanced. It was not too cheesy. The chips were crunchy and never too soggy. The only feedback would be that the eggs within the dish could have been spiced to reflect Mexican style. Service: Our waitress was good and gave us attention when needed and space after we received all of our food. Other items: There was also dessert and other condiments, etc that you could purchase and take home. The dessert section and the available bite sized sweets did look good. We did not purchase anything this time. There was only a few parking spots in the front of the restaurant but they had a section in the back dedicated to Datz customers which was nice. We went in a non-busy time, but if you are going during a busy time that could be a concern. This was a fun time and a great experience overall. I hope to visit again and enjoy their lunch or dinner dishes in the future.
This is my spot for sandwiches.  Every sandwich I've ever tried has been magnifique.  I love their chips,  it's a sweet n salty goodness be sure to ask for the extra drizzle that stuff is Ah-mazing!
I just recently visited Datz after hearing my friends rave about it.  When it comes to restaurants I tend to be skeptical so I tend not to fall for the hype.  Boy, was I impressed.  The food was phenomenal!  I ordered the the cedar plank shimburger with goat cheese and side salad.  My husband ordered the Birds of a feather with chips. The chips are extremely addictive!!! I ate all of my meal and then started on his.  AMAZING! They also have a dessert counter.  So many options, too little time.  The service was good and the people were friendly.  It was definitely a pleasant Friday night dinner.   I would definitely recommend.  Now it's my turn to rave about it.
Adore this place... I would have given it 5 stars but the parking does suck the big one. One of my absolute favorites places in Tampa.. get your drinks, watch the game, eat some amazing food and then have dessert all in one place.  Don't miss out.. it's a good scene.
LOVE this place! I wish I could get over there more often. I recently went for dinner with a friend and had the Shrimp & Grits and "the jam" cocktail. The Jam is a refreshing cocktail with lime, vodka, simple syrup, soda water and served with a spoonful of fresh seasonal jam. The shrimp and grits were so good! The creole tomato sauce had the perfect amount of heat and who can resist creamy, Gouda infused grits? No one.
I love this place. On weekends it can be hard to find parking, so plan for that. I usually get Mac and Cheese bites and a cup of French onion soup. Everything is always really good. I also have split the Luther burger with a friend. I wouldn't be able to finish it myself, but if you're into that go ahead.
Just AWESOME - Came in with a group of volleyball players and they did an awesome job of fitting us in on a busy day. The food was incredible. Thanks for a great afternoon!
Meh. I was super excited about going to Datz while in Tampa. My boyfriend & I went there at 11am on the day after Thanksgiving - the place was not too crowded & we were sat right away. And continued to sit...a full 15 minutes went by and no server came to our table. We finally flagged someone down (my boyfriend has more patience than I do - I was about to head out the door). The food was good, not great. And the horrible service kinda set the tone for the whole meal.
Don't shoot me! I just don't get the hype. I don't. I mean, I'd give it another shot, but the whole thing felt very sub-par to me. The decor and feel is funky and fun, but it was just missing something for me. Parking...virtually nonexistent, unless you come after 6pm then you can park in the lot behind Datz Dough. I'm willing to excuse for this, it's South Tampa. Next, the noise level. Yikes! Some weird techno type elevator music that was pretty loud. We couldn't even hear each other and that was after asking for it to be turned down. And also after being asked to be seated in the quietest area possible as there were 8 of us and we were having a book club meeting and wanted to talk. The restrooms - a place this busy only has a single restroom? Eek. And the music in there was a bit excessive. It's the potty for Pete's sake, who's going to be jamming out while working out their bodily functions?! The important thing...the food and drinks. I did not order a drink, although my friend said her cosmo was delicious, and the Moscow mule looked pretty authentic. I'd come back for a drink. I ordered the cuban (Havana Hottie) and it was pretty good. Portion size is huge, as others have stated, but the sandwich was just okay. The spicy mustard was a little overwhelming and the bread was thick. The chips drizzled with sauce were really yummy, but not as good as EATS American Grill's. The menu is diverse with lots of options. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner, and a plethora of appetizers. I've heard they have a great burger, but there is literally ONE burger on the menu. They have a lot of cupcakes and cakes, along with these super neat looking chocolates in the side area of the restaurant. Which makes no sense to me considering that Datz Dough is next door. I'll get to that in my Datz Dough review, but they don't have cakes or cupcakes over there because they can't repeat. Huh? It's the same place!
Don't let the "deli" in the name throw you.... This a full-fledged restaurant.  Food is great. Beer selection is beyond great. I would definitely go more often if I didn't live so far away. I hear the host a monthly home-brew meeting, too.
Anyone who has had a conversation with me about eating in Tampa has heard me rave about Datz. I LOVE Datz. The food is fresh, tasty, creative and reasonably priced. The atmosphere is cool, relaxed, young, refined, trendy and fun. Fantastic wine selection and phenomenal selection of beer on tap. I haven't been blown away by their dinners, but the sandwiches (which are available at dinner) can't be beat. You MUST visit the dessert display. Huge cakes, amazing cookies and delicious gourmet chocolates.
Delicious food!!!
DATZ Da BOmB Came here, had lunch, loved lunch, you should eat lunch...........dinner............breakfast (if open) ..........brunch...........snack............ and drink alchohol with....... lunch,dinner, breakfast, (if open) brunch, or snack. That made no sense, i don't care I don't believe in the backspace button. This place is dope, not like the drug, but like the really good sandwich variety of dope.......ya dig?
Great food but tough parking and get there early or u r waiting a while
Went for lunch and left stuffed and happy. Had a great experience overall and we will definitely be returning the next time we are in Tampa! I got the chicken salad sandwich and it was phenomenal - everything about this sandwich worked! The salad was awesome, bread was amazing, and side of chips were scrumptious! Boyfriend got the chicken and waffles and we were immediately saying, 'Mmmmm' the fried chicken was amazing! A perfect blend of savory and sweet! Definitely go here, but go hungry!!!!
As a rule  we try to stay away from mega chain restaurants while on vacation. Looked up local restaurants in the area and this funky little spot popped up. We were quickly seated and explained the menu by the waitress.  We ordered the stuffed meatloaf with mashed potatoes and succotash / waffles and tweet with a side order of Mac Daddy macaroni and cheese with a Rogue Chatoe OREgasmic Ale. Overall the food was good. . .the succotash was a little bland for my taste.  But everything else was good with a fun and unique spin on it. The desserts are awesome and beautiful as well. Definitely coming back on my next vacation.
Only three years ago an immediately proud establishment took South Tampa's culinary community on a new ride. They knew they were something different.  They knew they were something good.  Datz, now a household name, has successfully earned its place in Palma Ceia with its location dominant on Macdill Avenue.  A self-proclaimed gastro pub featuring a wide array of delicious craft beers, this joint is best known for their sky-high stacked sandwiches and equally enormous breakfasts.  They are cheese connoisseurs, comfort food fanatics and meat devotees.  Their plates often provoke a jaw dropping, eye popping reaction when served to patrons.  Their portions are crazy huge but still perfectly plated.  They have certainly mastered the art in simultaneously feeding the hungry and pleasing the snobby. This two-storied, fashionable foodie's paradise has had their eye on the prize from day one.  With a decadent desert bar, overwhelming cheese case and a library- shelved market of gourmet goods, Datz proved their food religion with my very first visit. They began business strong but soon, strong was no longer good enough.  In several months, many changes took place like constant menu revamps and restaurant expanding renovations.  They downscaled their first floor market of glorious goods thus creating more dining space.  With each visit, I was devastated to see that more and more of my favorite sandwiches and dishes were steadily scratched from the menu. I was annoyed to see that service was becoming an issue with the restaurant's expansion. Usually satisfied but never overly impressed, I continued to go back following these alterations, time and time again hoping for a little something more.  Maybe it's the thick-cut bacon topped Bloody Marys I just can't seem to drink enough of.  With a visit including dreadfully slow service and luke-warm food just a couple months ago, I had almost turned my back on Datz... for good.  That was until I discovered I still had a creative loafing certificate I had never used.  I would have never expected this experience would be nostalgic, taking me back to the wonderfulness that is Datz from two years ago. My last visit to Datz nearly brought a tear to my eye.  It was last Sunday morning just before Eleven-o-clock.  Something was different this time. We were promptly seated and waters and coffee were brought immediately.  Our server smiled sincerely with every request.  We began with a small order of the mouth-watering monkey bread.  It came out in only five minutes begging to be devoured. Gooey, doughy, buttery cinnamon and sugar goodness with icing dripping down every crevice; this creation did not stand a chance.  After we quickly destroyed every last morsel of our monkey bread we waited for our breakfast entrees.  Served piping hot and in good time, my Eggs Pontchartrain looked like Benedict on Creole crack.  My first bite did not prove otherwise.  Although the English muffin would have been better served slightly more toasted, the abundance of flavor practically made up for it.  The oysters were fried perfectly and were beautifully complimented by the Tasso ham hollandaise.  The eggs were poached in precise time allowing the bright yellow yolk to become one with the hollandaise.  Not an enthusiast of traditional Eggs Benedict, I am forever trying concoctions new to my palate.  The Eggs Pontchartrain now ranks very high on my long list of Benedicts.   My boyfriend, sticking to his staples, ordered the Popeye Rise and shiner, a fried egg sandwich with spinach, bacon and smoked Gouda on a superbly sweet and ridiculously soft roll.  This sandwich is a no fail, always delicious breakfast choice at Datz.  He orders it every time and with each time I never get tired of taking a big bite out of it.  This roll, so sweet and soft combines perfectly with the savory flavors of every other ingredient.  I strongly recommend it if you've never dined at Datz for breakfast before. With phenomenal service and a new favorite menu item, my last trip to Datz was spot on.  Other than opting out of an order of that deliciously spicy Bloody Mary, there were no disappointments.  Datz, "a place for foodies" as they declare, did this foodie right this time around.  Their inspiration for creative comfort foods goes far beyond most American cuisine in Tampa. Not to jump the gun but if the excellent service and improvements in menu selections continues, I foresee Datz turning into the next Tampa tourist must.  Well played Datz, well played.
Man me and my husband just spent 10 minutes making fun of the yelpers giving this place bad reviews. It's one of our favorite restaurants but we were just served our breakfast and I hate to say it but I think they have a point! I ordered the popeye breakfast sandwich and my husband had the Datz good hash and they were both just eh... Not enough flavor and my bun was soggy and gross. I'm pretty sure I was in denial until half way through my sandwich when I had to do away with the bun and steal my husband's toast. I think the worst part is that the place was pretty empty, maybe 3 tables sat including us, so I'm really not sure why the quality was off. It's possible the breakfast is just not as good as lunch? but I still haven't lost all hope. I just think they need to listen to some of this feed back. I will say our server, Gabby, was wonderful and my coffee was great :)
This restaurant is worth the difficult parking situation it is up against! Text ahead seating is such a brilliant idea. No having to wait on hold you just text when you are arriving and it greatly decreases your wait. They have perfected the Bloody Mary -- the peppered bacon inside is stupendous. All the food is amazing and that makes it fun to try something different every time you go! The one downside is the Gelato it simply does not live up to the other desserts Datz offers. Must try restaurant!
This place was wonderful until one of our brunch came with a little surprise.. huge slug on my red velvet pancake tower. We understand that these things happen, however, it should've never happen to a renown restaurant like Datz.  Our waitress definitely put the icing on the cake. When we saw our "little surprise", we discretely waved our waitress over. She looked at the plate and just said "oh", and proceed to take the plate back into the kitchen. We waited 10 minutes for either our waitress or a manager to come by so we can get our check. At this point neither of us had an appetite. Our waitress did come back out, but she completely ignored us, did not apology, did not inform us that our orders were being remade, and did not mention that the manager was coming out. One of your other staff did apology in our waitress' favor, which was nice of him. However, this situation was handle poorly and unprofessionally. @datzfoodie did make an effort to apologize through twitter and Instagram. But the image of the slug will forever remain in my mind when thinking of Datz.
Q. Foodgasm? A. Datz.
I've never dined-in at Datz, but their delivery service is great! They're relatively quick on delivery (even on a weekend night), and they have by far the best subs I've had anywhere. The "Smokey and The Bird 12" sub has my vote! Delicious side of thick glaze-like honey mustard, and thick grilled country bread.
sensory overload. I didnt know what to look at when I walked in.  got stuck looking at all the beer selection and remembered we had a dinner res.  seated upstairs among all the bottles of wine, it was cozy, our service was good and had a wonderful time. the menu was outstanding. everyone was pleased with what they ordered. I had the shrimp with grits, hubby had the two fister which he could nto finish and the man can eat. I was really impressed with the wine menu, that it was not overly marked up.  I would love a Datz around here, in the midwest!
I used to love Datz in the old days. They are still pretty great, but some of their best stuff seems to come and go from the menu at light speed. Despite this though, they have fantastic sandwiches, great sides, and top notch beverages. Its a good place to go out to with friends for a very informal but awesome meal in a place where the food is solid and you can hear the person across from you. Service is always good. Parking sometimes can be a pain, but there are many parking options and there is parking behind the restaurant if you enter next to the bakery next door.
This review is based on our experience tonight.  We might be back.  We might not.  In the past, we have had much better experiences, and I will say that the deli sandiches here are very good.  But tonight was different. First, we called in advance to make sure there would be live music.  We were assured that live music would start at 7pm so we arrived around 6:45pm.  When we arrived, we found out there would be no music tonight.  Apparently the person we spoke with just assumed there would be music and he was wrong.  Against our better judgment we stayed, and things went down hill from there. We ordered a bruschetta appetizer, wine and two meat and cheese "flights", as they call them.  The "flights" are trays of supposedly fine cuts of meat and cheeses. These meat and cheese trays used to be absolutely wonderful, but they have gone down hill recently.  The bruschetta was very good.  The wine was good.  The flights -- not so much. The quantity of meat and cheese supplied on a flight has been significantly reduced since we were had them a few months ago but the price has remained the same and some of the best meats have been taken away.  The "flights" were always pricey, but now they are rediculously overpriced for what you get.  $20 per flight for a few slices of meat and cheese is extremely outrageous. The service was also less than stellar tonight.  I went down to the deli to ask about some of the meats.  The self-proclaimed "executive chef" was having a hard time identifying some of their own deli meats and was asking a waitress to confirm what he was talking about.  This is the "executive chef" I'm talking about here! Our waiter had terribly bad breath and our drink glasses went empty several times.  He was friendly, but he just didn't come around enough and he really needed a mint. On one of the "flights", they were out of one of the meats and simply made a substitution without asking us what would be acceptable.  We did not like the meat they substituted. In summary, no live music after we called to make sure there was going to be music, a waiter with halitosis, meat and cheese "flights" with significantly reduced food quantities from last time, a meat substitution without our consent, and a general lack of knowledge within the staff made for a less than memorable evening. We may be back if we happen to be in the area and want a deli sandwich, but we will no longer go out of our way to visit this establishment.
This place is AMAZING!  Unreal sandwiches, the draft beer selection is outstanding.  I heard the breakfasts and brunches are awesome as well.  Highly recommended!
A Tampa staple that is great for any meal.  And a must-see for visitors at any time of year. Everything I've ever eaten at Datz has been delicious, and you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu. Personal favorites include black truffle fries or the bacon flite as appetizers, and meatloaf stuffed with jalapeno mac and cheese (!) or the Vandross burger with glazed doughnuts as buns (!!) as entrees.  But seriously, anything you order will be absolutely wonderful. Another thing I love about Datz is they're always changing up the menu, experimenting with new items so that their selection is never stale.  And when the food is as good as it gets, being able to replicate that success with new items every week is quite the feat. Waits can be a bit long, especially for brunch, but it's totally worth it.  And while you wait, you can walk next door to Dough for gelato, coffee, or one of several other sweet treats. Datz embodies 5/5 stars for their creativity, the variety in their menu, their portion size, and the overall great taste of all the food they prepare.  Get you somma' Datz!
I fell in in love with this place immediately.  The gastro style decor, wine bottle chandeliers, chain link fence for a handrail on the staircase, the newspaper menus, and the area with all the craft taps on display.  I immediately felt like I was walking into a nyc speakeasy, or some hipster restaurant that was highlighted on food network.   I started off at the bar with some spicy bloody mary's Tito's style, amazing, I wish they put olives in it, but considering they put a fresh piece of hot Nueske Bacon, OMG amazing, perfect thickness and the best flavoring and texture I've ever had. We did a couple of apps, the black truffle fries, were amazing then again I am a truffle freak and I love me some french fries too so they would have to seriously mess that up for me to not enjoy.  We also got the Monkey bread which was amazing, full of sugar, soft and hot, a great way to offset the salty fries.  Last we had the mac n cheese bites with jalapenos, and they were great too but again how do you mess up fried cheese and pasta.  I also ordered a strawberry fields cocktail and it was light, refreshing and tasty.  I know most people are afraid of Gin but when done correctly it brings an amazing flavor profile to a hand crafted cocktail.   For an entree I had the creole shrimp and grits, I was almost full by the time this came out and only ate about a third but it was very good.  I will probably go another way the next time I go in but it was cooked correctly and tasty.  I also tried some red velvet pancakes.... wowwy wowwy wee wah they were like little pink clouds of tastiness, and enough to feed three people, literally. The service was just ok but our server was new and we were a big group, I was also in such a food coma that he could have slapped me in the face and I would have smiled and said "thank you sir I'll have another". Needless to say I will go back to Datz, I plan on making it a once a month issue, only because if I went any more than that I would probably weigh 300lbs.
I love this place! They have great food and a good beer selection. The chips with sweet blue cheese sauce & the mac N' cheese are incredible & addictive. Dumb Cluck (beer braised pulled chicken sandwich) is really, really good. Service can be slow so go don't go when you are in a hurry. But everything is worth the wait and the price. Can't wait to go back!
You have no idea what your getting yourself into till you come in and look at their menu. You will start looking for what you want but cant decide on what to order because honestly, there are just so many good choices to choose from that you cant go wrong with any of them. And their brunch menu is amazing!  If you havent been here yet, you should definitely come and try them out. Also, not many people know this.  But if you just ate a meal at Datz restaurant, you can go next door to Datz Dough and receive i believe was a 20% discount off your purchase, by showing your receipt. And you will have that same problem you had at the restaurant by having a hard time what to choose. Cant go wrong with anything you order.
Datz is a great place for sandwiches and bar food. I love their half-price apps happy hour. Entrees can be hit or miss, sometimes I think they get ahead of themselves. Portions are huge and usually worth the price. I recommend anything with mac n cheese and BBQ. Steer clear of the complicated dishes like the elevated tuna casserole - too sweet and not balanced. Sweets are also large. Try the brownie.
After a crazy morning kayaking with the largest gators I have seen on the Hillsborough river, we were famished. After looking for a spot near the water, we settled on this spot because of the great reviews. It says delicatessen on the outside, but inside it's cozy, comforting--completely different than any white-tiled deli I have ever eaten in. Their menus are printed like newspapers and they have sports on the tv, great beer on tap, and a gelato bar downstairs. We sat at the bar upstairs overlooking the main dining room. Greg, our waiter, had spot on recs. We had the mac and cheese balls, the Cuban sammie and the shrimp and grits, plus free gelato courtesy of yelp!
First of all let me say I have been coming to Datz for many years and it breaks my heart to even write this. It was a Monday. I was excited to have dinner with a great friend at DatZ. Everything was great as usual. I ordered the Fish Tacos. However when I was getting ready to bite into one a surprise awaited me....a baby roach!!!! You can imagine my horror, disgust and shock. I was speechless and so was the manager when he came over to comp everything. Makes me sick because I used to love this place they had some great food but I will not go back because I don't like extra garnish on my tacos.
Since I first came here in 2009, the food has gotten worse, the service has gotten worse, the wait has gotten worse. A lot of people like this place because it's unique for Tampa. But the truth is, it's not that great.
I always enjoy Datz. I took my mom recently for brunch since she had been reading about it for weeks wanting to go. Had the best meal! Downstairs in the "grocery" they let us sample all kinds of cheeses and the bakery was filled with eclectic delicious desserts. Since it was early Sunday afternoon they were serving both breakfast & lunch. My mother got one of their giant latte's and the Eggs Benedict (amazing), while I created a green chile cheeseburger (also amazing). The service was fantastic and our waitress was immensely helpful. Can't wait to go back.
Some friends and I were in Tampa for the evening, and we used Yelp to find a place to eat - once again, fellow Yelpers did not disappoint!  The service, the ambiance, and most importantly, the food did not disappoint!  Our party of five shared the datchos - which proved to be a real treat, and set the stage for the rest of the meal.  I ordered the harvest ravioli with salmon - a really lovely blend of Autumn flavors, my husband ordered the Kentucky Colonel bowl (the cheddar cheese biscuit was delicious), and our friends had the Mac and Cheese stuffed meatloaf, French Onion Soup, Mac and Cheese balls, and the Honeyed Salmon.   The food portions were plentiful and the prices were just right!  I look forward to our next outing to Tampa so that we can try some of the other unique items on their menu!
Read about this place on Yelp and was curious to see how amazing it was. I live in New Tampa area so I usually stay in that area for lunch, but I wanted to try somewhere new =) I mentioned it to my husband that I heard they had amazing food and he was down to go for lunch. Off to South Tampa we went! We luckily found parking AND got seated within 5 minutes! It was easy to find and the restaurant looked really neat. The staff and hostess was very friendly and we sat upstairs. I was worried it was going to be crammed up there but it was pleasantly comfortable and felt cozy. Our server was awesome and i loved how the menus were like newspapers! We decided since it was our first time there we would try their Reubens. Soooo glad we did! DELICIOUS! Now DATZ a reuben! lol  And the chips that come with it...DIVINE. I don't want to tell you anymore cause you just have to go and experience the place...just awesome. So basically, try this place you will be happy that you did. We LOVED it and plan on going back there very soon! It's that good that we will drive 45 mins out of our way lol   LOVED LOVED LOVED it!
Huge portions on what ever you order here. Probably the best beer and wine selection in Tampa.
Great food, fantastic ambiance, the servers go all out to make you feel taken care of, and the Dough bakery makes it the perfect 1/2 combination.
Great beer selection! I wish that they had some more vegetarian selections or foods that weren't infused with and topped, mixed... with bacon. That is literally my only complaint. I love everything else about the place. Delicious breakfast food, drinks and they are amazing sponsors of so much that happens in our community!
Great menu especially their breakfast items. Datz has wine tastings, fresh breads, & quite a Bloody Mary. They have it all!
The Bloody Mary is fantastic and includes a thick piece of bacon!  The wait time was 105 minutes, but the bartenders made it fly by. I ordered the chicken and waffles, and the waffle was perfect. The right amount of sweetness!
Our favorite fun go-to place in South Tampa. We want to try a new place, really we do, but yet are slaves to Datz. Darn you Datz for being so freakin' amazing. Upstairs has somewhat of a cozy feel, especially in the evening. Our only complaint (and this may have changed since our last brunch visit) no shrimp and grits on the brunch menu which is my hubby's fave. Portions are huge - you may want to share an entree, salad and app. Meatloaf is awesome, but enough for two people. We love the fun appetizers like fried mac and cheese balls and pretzel bites. Word of advice, SAVE ROOM FOR DATZ DOUGH. OMG.
What an American restaurant with craft beer should be.
Went to an awards event there and the mac and cheese is to die for.  The prices are pretty reasonable with meals anywhere from $7 -$25.  The reason why I did not give it a 5 star is because I didn't try enough menu items in order to critic it.
Original and tasty Kale salad, delicious Rabbit stew and huge beer / cocktail selection.  Friendly fast service.  Highly recommended.
This place is frustrating.   I want to like it, it seems like they are passionate about food when you look at how they talk about food...but the execution, and the ingredients are consistently poor.  Last time, I ordered a simple burger...the meat was dry and it tasted like cheap, low grade beef.  If you can't get a burger right...
I can't really say anything new or different about this place. It's just that awesome. I love the craft beer menu, deli/bakery side, and of course the restaurant. I have had a few things I didn't love on the menu, but overall, all of my experiences have been very good or great. A couple of times the service was kind of crumby, but Datz always delivers with food whether it's brunch, lunch, or dinner. Everyone needs at least one Datz experience in their lives.
This is one of my tampa fav's. I always enjoy eating here. I've had a time or two that wasn't so great but over all its a great place and we eat here pretty often.
If I had to leave a review based on the food alone, it would easily get 5 stars.  As others have said the sandwiches are HUGE and I crave the chips they serve with the blue cheese drizzle.  The pickles are great too - not too sour but just sour enough.  I have never had any issues with the amount of food or the amount of meat on the sandwiches...I can barely bite into the sandwiches as it is!  I love the ambiance and feel of the place too.  It's very welcoming and laid back.  Having said all that, unfortunately some of the people that work there have me doubting if I will ever go back.   I was there last week to meet a friend of mine for lunch and the hostess was rude to us from the moment we walked in the door although I have never seen her before in my life.  I smiled at her and asked for a table for 2 in the loft and in return I received a scowl, an eye roll, and a condescending explanation that there was no server for the loft until after 11.  It was 11:05 AM.  I didn't press the issue and I said that any table would be fine.  She walked to an area in the back corner of the restaurant, threw the menus on the table, and walked off.  After a rather long wait, the waitress showed up and asked us want we wanted to drink.  She seemed perturbed that we had questions about the menu, like we were wasting her time.  We ordered and the food arrived a short time later.  The server was attentive just barely enough, popping in every so often to see that I had nothing but ice in my glass.  When we were winding up the meal, she brought us to go boxes and placed them on the table next to us.  About that time our friend the hostess showed up.  She pointed to the boxes and asked if they were ours but in a very nasty tone of voice.  Instead of answering I snatched the boxes off of the table.  I'm not sure why she wanted to know because she never brought anyone to that table to sit them.  When we left the restaurant, she looked at us in a way that made me feel very uncomfortable, as if I were a second class citizen. All in all, I'm sure that I will go back to Datz Deli, but if these issues continue I will be sure to talk to management.  In all fairness, I have to comment that from observing the other members of the staff that they were doing a great job with very positive attitudes.
I really want to like this place and I have given it plenty of chances over the last couple of years but the bottom line is the execution in the kitchen is half ass and the wait staff is mediocre. I have probably been here 20 times and tonight is the last. The food is inconsistent. The sandwiches are too bready and lacking the substance that would balance the huge bread portions. It does have a nice selection of beers and the bar upstairs is nice but I really just find myself annoyed when I leave. There are too many other good places down here to eat. This place would probably kill it in Brandon where there is nothing but franchise garbage and lost dreams. I'm assuming that's where most of these 5 star reviews and fanboys are from.
Not cheap by any means, but a solid place.  Great for a date every once in a while.  There is a large variety of sandwiches and beer, and a largely enthusiastic staff to help you out.  Sandwich portions are generous, but in my experience the larger size sandwich is identical in size to the "smaller" one.  The last time I went I got the "Ari's Dilemma", similar to a Reuben sandwich, and was very pleased.  A little too much going on at times, like cheese tastings, live singers, and a bakery, but overall a great place.  Weekend lunch time hours are a bit hectic, expect a wait. Another reviewer mentioned it, and it should be stated again:  parking is horrible.  Limited spots in the lot, can't park at Kalupa's next door, and the extra lot they have is very claustrophobic.  The other lots nearby are tow-away, but there are spots on the street.  Overall though, I would say that it is a solid place that won't disappoint.
I really liked this place. Kind of funky when you walk in, great menu, lots of open space and certainly well used.  I read the yelp reviews as well as the menu ahead of time. The dinner menu was deep and very fun. The group went old time diner favorites, with a quick divergence into the deep fried macaroni and chees balls.I have seen these come up on menus around the country alot in teh past 12 months and these were definitely in my top 5. Dinner -  Jalepeno Syrup Chicken and Waffles, Pot Roast and Meatloaf. The Fried chicken was light and moist, the meatloaf expertly seasoned and Pot Roast perfectly braised. The latter served over creamy garlic mashed. Great beer selection to boot!! Nothing overly creative just well executed down home food from the kitchen and great service.
Awesome food very large portions, great place for brunch but be ready to wait for a table if you don't have a reservation and once in a while they have deals in cldeals.com
Had my second visit to Datz last week.  The atmosphere, staff and food are excellent.  I had the Chicken Waffles dish w/ Jalapeno Maple syrup and it was crazy good!  The ONLY reason I didn't give 5 stars is because we ordered cake and they didn't have it so we ordered another cake and they didn't have it.  Where is Mary Antionette when you need her?  She'd definitely lose her head over their lack of cake.  Thankfully, we didn't.  We went next door to their sister restaurant and had a nice cake there!
Went on a Friday at noon - there was no crowd at all. Ty's Two Fister sandwich (corned beef, pastrami, sweet mustard, cheese) is as good as it gets.  The accompanying chips drizzled with blue cheese are delicious.  The pulled chicken sandwich w/BBQ sauce was amazing, as well.  Get beers.
Love, Love, Love this place.  This is my second visit to Datz and both times the food was outstanding.  The service is fantastic and I love the laid back atmosphere. This is a cool place for young and old alike with an old-timey feel with a new age style. Let's get on with the food: I ordered Smokey and THe bird.  It was super tender chicken served up on fresh bread. It is definetely not a disappointment.  It is accompanied by one of a kind chips.  Eat them first...they do get soggy fast.    Their drinks are all hand crafted and they have plenty of beer selections.  The pulled chicken sandwhich is not nearly as impressive as the other sandwhichs I have sampled here, so I would avoid that one.  THe best thing ever is their burgers believe it or not...they have a huge array of wonderful sandwhichs but the burgers are prepared so well and so juicy(not super greasy).   Maybe, just maybe, this is my favorite spot ;) P.S. Try the chocolate truffles.  My favorite is the Carmel Espresso. :)
The food is amazing. We also enjoy the ambiance. Great energy. And we always leave with good stories from there.
I really dig their Chicken and waffles and get sad when they are sold out. The mac and cheese meat loaf is pretty good 2nd choice. The atmosphere is very chic; the last time I dined there they changed their menus into news papers. The big problem with this place is the parking. They never have enough spots in their lot for the amount of people eating here.
The food and drinks were really on point. They have a seasonal menu that is delicious.  The drinks are relatively well made. It is a nice place yet it isn't too classy.
My word... I do love this place, even if the last two times I've tried to go i couldn't get near the place and gave up and went elsewhere. The price of success I suppose. The time I did get in, I had the "Bombay To Hollywood" (curry chicken salad, field greens, grilled pineapple, slivered almonds, with datz mango cilantro vinaigrette.) 11 bucks. Big enough for 2 to share or half to go home. I chose the latter. I'm greedy and that sammich was AWESOME. I'll be back living just a mile north of there quite soon, and I will be haunting their door way more often. Probably ride my bike though... LOL
Datz has some pretty mixed reviews. I've been a few times for brunch and dinner and I would just barely give the four-stars. I agree that for Tampa, it's a very unique place and the drink selection is good. As for the food, they have some really creative dishes, but I've never had dish that has really blown me away. I'm also someone who is always looking for healthy options and Datz has limited choices if you're dieting. I got one of their salads once and made some changes to it and it was average at best. It's a fun place to go with friends and I've never had a bad experience with staff/service. I'm sure I'll return again one day.
I have gone back to Datz twice since my first visit and I have to say the level of service was much better.. All 3 clerks acknowledged me as I walked in within 2 minutes and made sure my girlfriend and I were both completely satisfied.. What is even more impressive is that they were extremely busy.. These were all new faces to me so I might have come across a different shift but they were very professional and friendly.. The good food is what brought me back but the service is what will make me a customer for life..
If I were to have written this review a few months ago, I would have probably easily given it 5 stars based on my experiences.  However, it seems that things may have gotten a little convoluted at Datz and they need to perhaps eliminate a few of the 250 things they are trying to offer.  I think it's starting to have a negative impact on the things that they used to be great at. The sandwiches are still very good, but I have had a few that were less than stellar.  They aren't cheap, and when you only get a few slices of whatever meat you order, it just seems like maybe they are running out and gave you the absolute least amount possible that they can get away with. Desserts are very good, one of my favorite things I've ever found is the chocolate covered toffee with bacon pieces.  Delicious. Their beer and wine selection are also good, and the fact that they sell them at near retail prices evens out the expensive sandwiches and food items. I'll keep going back to Datz, but hopefully they will figure out exactly what they want to be good at, and stick to it.  No need to constantly be adding additional items to the menu (chicken wings, really?) Last thing I'll mention is the parking.  Kalupa's bakery is right next door, and apparently no agreement can be made between the two establishments as they are very strict (even when Kalupa's is closed) about Datz's customers parking in their spaces.  We parked there while out having a few drinks for my wife's birthday and were surprised to see a tow truck outside getting ready to haul about 8 cars.  They had placed boots underneath a tire on each vehicle and were sitting and waiting for people to come out.  They offered to let the vehicle go without tow for $50 cash.  If they towed, it would be about $150.  I had no cash on me so I had to borrow some from friends to pay the guy.  I wasn't happy and I called Kalupa's the next day to tell the owner.  It seems this is a problem that's been going on for a while... long story short, don't park in front of Kalupa's.
This place is wonderful for a Sunday Brunch. Great service, atmosphere and excellent tasting food.
I really enjoyed the burger that I had at Datz. I don't say that often being a picky eater and a New Yorker. I got it made well done since I am currently not allowed to eat anything not cooked well through. It was almost better than a five guys burger. This place is always crowded and parking is sketchy at times but overall the food is good. It is pretty noises, service is decent. I haven't had any trouble with the wait staff. Prices are reasonable. Worth taking a trip for brunch, lunch or an early dinner.
We were given this recommendation by friends of friends so didn't know what to expect. For appetizer we had the pretzel bites - which were very good. My wife had a mixed drink; I had an IPA selection from Cigar City brewery (nice to sample something local). We're vegetarian so we tried their two key veg selections (1) the happy cow (house-made black been, fresh corn veggie burger topped with sriarcha aioli and shredded lettuce) served with homemade chips; and; (2) the curried vegan stew (carrots and zucchini braised in a tomato curry broth, pistachio cranberry quinoa, cilantro, mint and pepita seeds) along with a kale salad. I thought the food was excellent. The atmosphere was alright. Service was very good. Worth a stop if you're in Tampa. Plus we really like the neighborhood. Lots of coffee shops, bookstores and little brew pubs to be found.
Great atmosphere. Good selection of beers and the sandwiches are great Will be back
Datz the bomb. We were invited by my guy's friends to Datz, hearing so much about the food and drink. Burgers and Beer? YES PLEASE. We arrived for a late dinner and the place was packed. I think it was the last reservation available as well, must be good right? RIGHT. It's a gastropub - slash- dessert dynamo - slash - beer bar. So naturally we ordered up a couple beer samplers. I was kind of disappointed that the waitress could not remember what they were when she brought them back, so we were kind of on our own. They would benefit greatly with some kind of paper listing them to each glass. ;( Our friends ordered the Sweet Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich with Datz Chips and the Chicken and Waffle Salad. The Chicken and Waffle Salad was basically, chicken, waffles with a salad in the middle - but the irony of a C&W salad makes me smile. I ordered the crab cakes, which were served with veggies and wild rice. A far cry from your typical rich crab cake dinner. I enjoyed it very much and shared with my guy. He ordered the shim burger, my first choice. It's a cedar plank burger with bacon. I liked it, but it was well done and I don't like my meat above medium. Overall good anyway and my guy loved it. We all enjoyed our meal and the opportunity to try a new place. I loved the beer selection and the gourmet goods. Our friends bought us a parting gift, a box of macarons and the Earth's Finest Tangerine Habanero Mustard. SO GOOD as a spread or dip. I checked in and received a yelp coupon for a FREE DONUT next door at the Datz Dough. SCORE, dessert! Datz what's up.
Great place to try even if you have to drive a bit to get there. Really good atmosphere and food. It is hard to find good places like this in Tampa. Go visit them and see what I mean.
Ate dinner with a friend here the other night.  I ordered the Creole Shrimp & Grits which were delicious.  However, for the size of the portion, the $18 price was excessive.  I've also eaten here for breakfast a few times and the food and service have always been good.
A Tampa favorite for quite some time. Although an awesome brunch and breakfast spot, rest assure that their dinner menu is just as appetizing and extensive as their early-bird option. With infinite options on tap; brew lovers will certainly have their fair share of IPA, pale ale, stout or lager choices. They make amazing sandwiches and those house chips are everything. But wait....how about those chicken and waffles! Scrumptious boneless fried chicken tossed in honeyed pecan butter on a rosemary waffle with spicy smoked buffalo trace maple syrup. Ummmm....Ok, I'm officially hungry. Bon Appétit!
Their sandwiches are phenomenal and come in huge portions. I'm pretty sure the secret sauce on the chips has cocaine or something better in it because it's straight up addicting. Please add a thanksgiving sandwich to your list that has turkey, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes and stuffing on it. I know, it sounds mind blowing doesn't it? Don't worry, I would legally allow you to name it after me. You're welcome, Datz.
This place is great! We come here sometimes just to drink at the bar (the wine tap is awesome) or to eat dinner. The dinner was amazing and the wine selection is extensive. It also has a grocery that sells every kind of dessert or cheese you could think of. It gets really busy so make sure to call ahead!
5 stars for a Holy Amazing Awesome Dining Experience located along South MacDill Avenue just north of Bay-to-Bay Boulevard. My very good friend Michelle M. had been teasing me for weeks that I had yet to drive down to South Tampa and try a meal at Datz, and so we made plans to meet up one day for lunch so that she could introduce me to the restaurant. It was a gray overcast day, and we both parked around back in the small parking lot along Barcelona Street. Thankfully we ducked in and out before the rain started falling as it would have been a soggy trip back to our cars otherwise. Parking is the very first thing that you need to know about Datz. There are only four or five spaces in front of the restaurant, and after that you'll need to drive around behind the restaurant to their secondary lot which holds about 20 more cars. Once those fill up you'll need to take your chances somewhere else, but please read the parking & towing signs very carefully. Welcome to South Tampa! Inside the restaurant you'll find a very hip décor, consistent with their gastropub and food market image. There's a large bar area in the back of the restaurant, and then four different seating areas - two downstairs on either side of the market area, a dining area upstairs overlooking the main floor, and a fourth little covered patio outside. The marketplace shelves stretch down the center of the restaurant, with incredible pastries and baked goods on one side, and then spices, sauces, marinades, coffee blends, and so on down the other set of shelves. The menu is flat out spectacular with a wide selection of just about everything. As Datz says on their website, "We are omnivores -- carnivorous, chocolate-loving, bacon-hoarding, wineauxs, beer geeks, curd nerds and yes, even vegetarians."  Yup, that pretty well sums up their menu! You'll find some very creative appetizers including the Mac n' Cheese Bites, made with crispy bacon-jalapeño mac n' cheese, and served with a sriracha aioli dipping sauce. (Michelle "forced" me to order these, and I'm so very glad that we did!). After the appetizers, the lunch menu contains soups, salads, flatbreads, sandwiches, and full entrees -- and everything looks scumptidillyliscious!!! After agonizing over my sandwich choices, I finally settled on a new option known as Vinny's Brisket Philly which was house-smoked beef brisket, served with caramelized onions and peppers, melted provolone, on a hoagie roll, plus homemade sweet-n-salty chips with creamy, but mild blue cheese drizzle. (Pardon me while I have a few flavortown flashbacks....) The portions are huge, and I easily brought home half of the sandwich for dinner tonight. Oh, and the waitress "forced" me to order one of their fresh-out-of-the-oven cupcakes to have as my dessert tonight. A wonderful meal shared with some excellent company -- Datz is a winner!!!
We were in Tampa for the weekend and Datz was recommended by the concierge at our hotel.  It was amazing, incredible and over the top yummy for Sunday brunch. We happened to be there on the Sunday that daylight savings launched and many of the staff had not observed the time shift but the ones there were friendly and so nice. We got there right at 8:30 when they opened because our rental car had to go back and our flight back to arctic land of Kansas City was close at hand. The got the monkey bread as a starter and it was divine!  So lovely, it brought back memories of when my mom used to make this caramelly nutty yeast bread.   I had th corned beef hash and my husband had an incredible breakfast sandwich with bacon, smoked gouda and spinach on it.   Everything was incredible.  The service was the best and we sat outdoors (55ish degrees) and loved it while we had the chance!  Everything about tampa was great and this was the ultimate ending!
It keeps getting better......They have expanded their menu and we couldn't be happier. Try the meatloaf you won't be disappointed :-) Service is wonderful!!!
If you want megasize portions, this is the place to go.  However,  the staff can sometimes be rude. This is a trendy spot for downtown Tampa so I guess they figure that their gonna get business no matter what.   Therefore,  they can afford to be rude.  I have been here 5 times within the last year and a half.  I have only gotten a good and courteous server once. I wanted to try and give them a chance before writing them off because the food is tasty.
There is really nothing negative I can think to say about this place.  Love the atmosphere and the food Arw great
Large portions, quality meats. And now they have liquor. Can be a bit pricey & the wait may take a while.
Just had a fantastic breakfast at Datz! The food was amazing, and our server, Margaret, made the experience even more enjoyable! I will definitely be coming back and I hope we can be served by my new favorite server!!! Thank you Datz!!
A Foodies Paradise: Well a chance lunch date with my Beautiful wife and we ended up at Datz! What a phenomenal experience! We were greeted by the manager at the door and briskly escorted up the stairs to the dining area having just passed the Chef's table that can be reserved for parties of at least eight and hopefully I will be able to write a review on that part. The upstairs dining area has plenty of seating from an intimate 2 top up to parties of 8 or 10 comfortably. Our waiter Josh was very pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu, specials and wasn't at all pushy. Katie had the Johnny Appleseed and I had the Smokey the Bird. Wow! what amazing sandwiches they both were. Succulent Chicken, Nueskey's bacon and all the fixins with a side order of their homemade chips was a real pleaser. So much food that I actually took half of my sandwich home. Katie's Johnny Appleseed was again great chicken, sliced apple, brie and balsamic 4 onion compote on great bread and again with chips, well I actually have the other half of her sandwich as well. I don't want to forget the great market off to the left hand side of the restaurant, great sauces, pasta, and other dry and wet goods, great selection of beers to go and a pastry counter with everything from amazing pies and cakes, cupcakes and even macaroons. We have a slice of the Carrot Cake Cheese Cake for our dessert tonight. Overall I will give it the two thumbs up, the wife says the portions are too big but I say when you get 4 meals for the price of two what is so bad?
This is my local favorite.  I think I like the atmosphere as much as the food, but I really like the food.  I prefer lunch/dinner over brunch, and brunch gets VERY busy.  You can text ahead to put yourself on the list to be seated, and they'll send you an alert to update you on the availability and the wait time.  Since they do get busy and they do NOT have much room to stand and wait on a table, this is a pretty handy feature.  My favorite sandwich is "Smokey and The Bird."  Skip the entrees and go for the appetizers and sandwiches.  Also, ask for a list of beers on tap, if that's your thing.  They will print out a list (yes, there will be several) and bring it back to the table for you.
Pretty good food! a little overpriced, and not as many GF or healthy options as I had expected. I will go back, however.
Yum, yum and yummy! Great beer selection and tasty cocktail choices; the Bubbles & Chic is my favorite...framboise and champagne, you can't go wrong! Enjoyed the French Turk on this visit. So. Good. Turkey, melted brie and cranberry sauce sandwiched between two delicious pieces of grilled cinnamon-raisin bread...yes, please! Oh, and the sandwiches are served with these sweet-n-salty chips drizzled with a mild yet creamy blue cheese...a perfect side for their hearty sandwiches. I also LOVE that they sell French Macaroons. There aren't many places in Tampa that sell this tasty treat. The lemon, lime and basil French Macaroon was my favorite...refreshing and tasty. Would give Datz 5 stars, but I think the sandwiches are a little over-priced. Don't get me wrong, they are huge and delicious, but still two or three dollars overpriced. Despite being a little pricey, still highly recommend.
The beer selection is great. The sandwiches are incredibly delicious. I don't think you could order something that doesn't taste good at this place. Cons: I can see the parking being an issue on busy days, and it can be a bit pricey for just a few drinks and a sandwich.
Oh Datz how I wish you were closer.  You are everything I enjoy about going out to eat; a creative menu, tasty eats, great drinks, craft beer all set in a casual inviting atmosphere. The first time I stopped by Datz I was with a group of friends.  We were in Tampa for the day checking out some local breweries and we were in need of some food.  There were eight of us and it was 6:00 pm on a Saturday night, the odds weren't in our favor.  We did have something going for us and that was the temps outside were in the 50's and the patio was all ours to enjoy. We put on our winter coats and hats and tried to get as close to the outdoor heaters as possible. Dealing with the chill in the air was well worth it. I loved my Red Velvet Martini! Bryan M and I found the Holy Guacamolee Mezrah to be delicious and plenty of food for the two of us to split. The bread ties all the fixin's together quite nicely. We sampled various dishes from our friends, enjoying them all. We found ourselves in Tampa a month later and I knew I had to go back to Datz for more delicious eats.  This time we stopped by for lunch.  I did a little browsing before our table was ready.  The food items they offer in their market are unique; I saw a number of local items that would please any foodie. For this visit Bryan M  & I each ordered our own dish.  I went with the Fancy Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup while he went with the Salmon Club. We were both pleased with our choices and felt that neither of us had out ordered the other.  I also ended up getting another Red Velvet Martini.  It was lunch time, but it was Spring Break, so what the heck. It was just as good the second time around. The prices at Datz are a up there with sandwiches costing about $12, but the amount of food and the quality you get is well worth it.  I have found that the sandwiches are plenty of food to split between two people.  We just wanted to be able to try a few more items, otherwise we would have been fine splitting.   We topped off our dessert with a chocolate raspberry cupcake.  This was good, but I found that the one we brought home to eat was better since it had more time to come to room temperature.   I wish I got to Tampa more often so I could enjoy more meals at Datz.  It's going to be hard for me to explore other restaurants when I know I have everything that I enjoy right there at Datz.
Well, based on other reviews, I was impatiently waiting for a chance to check out Datz. I went with my young daughter, who loves food more than Barbies... It was Saturday, and I was ok with the wait, it was handled well with their text system. The service was good and our server was very friendly. This is where it started to go downhill. I guess I had some high expectations about what the food was about. I had the Eggs Barbacoa, which was ok. I found it was a little bland. I was looking for some more sparkle and I love Cilantro... it was a little sprig on top. I don't know where the New Mexico red chili sauce was.. Santa Fe makes some amazing food and I was hoping to revisit locally. Oh well. Next to me was Love Potion Pancakes, which were quantity over quality. The portion was huge and it seemed to be so for no other purpose. They were large but I was disappointed that they were somewhat tough and heavy. The bacon side was excellent and perfectly cooked. Maybe it was because it was late in the run, 2pm or so. The coffee tasted old, and I had to ask for a top up. If it was a local diner, I'd be okay. At just over $40 I expect a lot more in the food department. The store was great, the location is hip, but I also expect food to be the memorable part of the visit. It wasn't.
NOT food allergy friendly. There are not many items for Gluten Free Lactose Free & Casein Free individuals like myself. The server stated the chef could not accommodate my allergies by alternating the dishes, this was not an option. I can not give a fair review since I had very FEW menu items to choose from. My husband on the other hand did & often does enjoy the heavy hearty southern meals he receives during his visits. I can state that the cocktails were decent & the atmosphere is worth attending happy hour.
Good food and a very nice atmosphere.. Nice for a Sunday Brunch.
I've lived in South Tampa for many years and have watched the building at 2616 S. MacDill transition from a post office to a restaurant, to a florist and now Datz. While change is good, I think most will agree that Datz has quickly become a Palma Ceia staple and should not change suitors again! The change since opening has all been internal. Datz has reinvented it self several times over. Mostly by tweaking the menu, but also by rearranging the layout and by adding a full bar. From day one the food has been incredible and the atmosphere warm and inviting. If you haven't had a chance to indulge your gastric fantasies - what are you waiting for? Everything on the menu is delicious! No matter what you order you must try the home made chips... Ummmmmmmmmm!!!!
WOW... The 2 Fister... WOW.  Great food, great atmosphere, and great service...
It's allllmost 5 stars for me... we thoroughly enjoyed our breakfast.  We went on a Saturday morning during our recent Tampa weekend trip.  We got in around 9 AM to avoid the crowd and were immediately seated.  The decor was awesome, very cute indeed.  We also love the newspaper menu. My husband, who loves cinnamon buns, started with the monkey bread and loved it.  I tried their French toast, but felt the chocolate syrup was too overwhelming and should have asked to be put on the side.  The first slice was awesome, but by the time I started on the 2nd slice, brioche was so soaked with the syrup, that I feel like I was eating spongey syrup.  My husband's breakfast, lumberjack, was pretty good. Overall, we are fans and would most definitely go back the next time we are in Tampa.  Very interesting restaurant with yummy food.
Awesome atmosphere, great food.
I really wanted to like this place!  Was in Tampa for a business trip and wanted to check out Datz as the reviews and their menu looked great.  The pretzel app we got was amazing, but unfortunately, the entrees and service were subpar.  We waited about 45mins for our main courses and when my wife got her meatloaf, it came out cold. Not just warm, but spots were literally cold.  We were so hungry and tired from a long day,  that she just decided to eat it.  I got a burger and it was lukewarm at best.  Seems like our entrees sat in the window for awhile or the kitchen just had an off night.  We also went several times with empty drinks for long periods of time.  The flavor of the burger was good, but it couldn't hold the jockstrap of the burger from Engine No9 in St. Petersburg,  Fl.  The decor was great and the bakery had lots of yummy desserts. Based on other positive reviews and vast menu of unique dishes, I really want to try Datz again and hopefully update my rating.
I was really excited to come here after reading reviews and I was not disappointed! The only downside was that my party (party of 3) waited for over an hour for brunch on  Saturday. It was about 130 p.m.. However, they do take your number and text you when there's a table ready, so if you want to leave you can. It was really good, but the wait sucked, and then I felt like they rushed us out a little bit. The server was really nice and friendly though. Food was good, although IMO, a litttle bit over-priced. I had something-something eggs with pulled pork... I forget the name. It was really really good BUT there was A LOT of cheese. This didn't bother me at all, but I suppose some people may not want so much cheese. Overall, I'd definitely go back for dinner or something next time I am in the area, but maybe leave some extra time.
This is a very cool place! Our server was so nice and personable. The menu has so much to offer and it's unique and different. I dined with two coworkers and they were equally impressed. The food, bar and offerings of baked goods were outstanding! Kudos to the owner for creating the type of restaurant that would be something I could envision myself having some day. Another place that I wouldn't mind doing an internship at. We will be back!
This place is amazing!! Great for groups, great food and yummy beers!! I got the chicken and waffles and they were very different and very good!!!
Datz holds a special place in my heart and I have a love/hate relationship with this restaurant.  Love it because it is hands down my FAVORITE restaurant in all of Tampa Bay.  The menu is constantly changing (but don't worry all of the classic favs are always there like the Chicken & Waffles), the price points are what you'd expect for the quality of food you receive, and the atmosphere is just fun.  It is a true gastro-pub experience. The drinks!  Oh the drinks!  They are constantly mixing up some hip new cocktails, have great beers on tap and you can't go wrong with some brunch Bloody Marys or Mimosas.   This is my go-to place for brunch on the weekends!  Now here comes the hate part of my relationship with Datz.  One word....inconsistency.  The servers are all upbeat people but weekends it is so jam packed in there, that they simply can not keep up.  I've had multiple occasions during brunch with friends where they simply forgot someone's food order and it never showed up.  Also the food...I've ordered items before and drooled over my food.  Then came back again and ordered the same items and was less than thrilled with the quality and sometimes missing ingredients.  If one orders banana peanut butter bacon waffles...well you'd expect there to be bananas on it right? But no matter what, I will still love you Datz and I can't wait to have an affair with your pretty next door neighbor Dough very soon. Tips:  Text ahead for reservations at least 15 min ahead on weekends.  Go on your birthday for a complimentary, gigantic cupcake!
I was in TPA for work and talked the hubs into trying Datz after seeing the positive reviews (plus, it was nice and close to where we were). I was confused at first re: how the place could both be a "deli" and a "wine bar"... but now I know. And knowing's half the battle, right? In short - this place has a mix of foods. Great bars with lots of drinks. Appetizers, entrees, sandwhiches, salads, dessert. Sounds like your local Chili's, but it's really not remotely. I got the chicken and waffles - jalapeno maple syrup, awesome spinach on the side. Totally awesome. Hubs got a sandwhich with toasted country bread, homemmade (seeming) guac, nice roasted turkey - not deli slices, this was thick cut awesomeness, etc etc. We rounded out the meal with macaroni and cheese bites, which were tasty, but heavier than I ultimately liked. I think this is my fault for ordering them... how could I possibly have thought that Mac N Cheese bites with bacan and jalapeno would be light? Really tasty, just more app than I'd wanted. Our server was AWESOME. I didn't catch her name, but she was super friendly, very helpful for people who'd never been there, and genuinely seemed to enjoy her job. She gave us lots of good tips about what to order, when to come back (weekend breakfast), etc etc. I will definitely be back when I'm in town for work again. This is the sort of place that I'd end up at once a week or so if I lived here - great food, great drinks, great desserts, awesome ambiance, awesome service. Go try it. Edit: I didn't give the 5th star simply because while really really good, it wasn't OMIGODTHEBESTPLACE EVAR. Girl and the Goat in Chicago has my heart for that. Yes, I'm lately stingy with stars like that.
OK, so I have eaten at Datz probably five times in the last six months and it is for me the best place to eat in Tampa. The food is excellent from the quality of the actual product to the preparation to the presentation. All excellent. The menu is down right fun and truly representative of the overall Datz experience. While the food is righteous, the service is a cut WAY above all the other restaurants in this market. Every time I go, the servers treat me with the utmost of care and are genuinely friendly and attentive. The last time I went the server I had on my previous visit, I think her name is Stephanie actually came over to my table and  said hello. She remembered me from my prior visit and that is something special. Next I witnessed a Datz hostess handle a new customer with a genuine caring and express to the guest how much she appreciated them choosing Datz and would check back to insure that they had a wonderful first time experience. Where do you ever see that anymore? Nowhere. That's where. Lastly, my server whose name was Kayla when asked several questions about what I should choose from the menu, actually to the time to explain to me the differences and asked me back questions to better gauge what she could get me to make the selection the best it could be. It is not hard to see why the classy people  here in South Tampa all show up at Datz. Just go there and you will be hooked as well.
Datz is one of our favorite South Tampa restaurants. Datz has an awesome atmosphere, amazing food and a great beer and liquor selection. We typically sit at the downstairs back bar and watch the bartender work his magic as we eat. They are really impressive to watch. They always move fast, remember everything and never mess up your order. On our last visit we were eating light and just ordered salads. I ordered the "Lettuce Entertain You" and the salad was amazing. It had fresh berries, thin candied walnuts, chicken, large chunks of Gouda and a raspberry vinaigrette. So good. I am uploading a picture. Our service at the bar was fast, friendly and efficient. Even though we had to fight for a parking spot and it was Friday night, we were in and out in less than an hour and that was with enjoying drinks. We love this place and will continue to come back!
We are down in the Tampa area visiting our son and daughter-in-law.  Everytime we come down we try to make a stop at Datz.  The food is always delicious.  We ordered deep fried mac and cheese with hot peppers for appetizers, and truffle french fries were  outrageous!!   I ordered the ruben sandwich, my daughter-in law ordered a burger, my son and husband both ordered the Ty's two fister, which was corned beef, pastrami , swiss and muenster cheeses , honey-cut mustard- which were ridiculous!!!! Can't wait to come back.. Only wish there was one in the NY area.
This place is really hit-or miss.  Sometimes (I assume depending on who's working the kitchen) you will order something that is fabulous while other times, the same dish will be very mediocre.  When you DO get the goods, this place is awesome, maybe even 5 stars, but in those bad cases I'd give it 3.  I'm giving it 4 because I love beer and they have a superb beer and wine selection which is good enough to get a middle ground. Seriously... get the chips and the mac & cheese.  Even better, they serve 'Datchos' on the dinner menu which are their regular homemade chips with the bleu cheese sauce, except nacho-fied.  Amazing.  Pro-tip: even if it's lunch and you ask for the Datchos, chances are they'll make them for you even though they aren't on the menu.  The mac and cheese is some of the best I've ever had, too.  The sandwiches are a little on the too-big side, but they're also good. They also have an excellent cheese selection along with craft root beers.  Also, decent coffee. Another tip: visit their website and sign up for their free tastings (they fill up quick!).  Tons of different things like wine and cheese pairings, beer tastings, tapas samplers, etc... for free!  Can't beat that!
Had a wonderful dinner experience here recently. I love the decor, the layout of the menu, and the overall vibe that you get from coming here - it's not just about the food, it's a great place to hang out. I ordered the dumb cluck (braised pulled chicken sandwich with bbq sauce and cheddar cheese) and it was perfect. Nice and moist, great flavor. I would highly recommend, though I'm sure there are other great things on the menu as well. The portions are very generous and had I known earlier I probably would have tried splitting my sandwich with someone else! Overall a pleasant visit. Thanks!
I love this place for the food and the ambiance. I've gone for brunch and for dinner now, and nothing ever disappoints. The service is always quick and friendly, and the food is delicious and comes out quickly. I love that they update their menu, and it makes me want to go back continuously. My husband loves this place as well, and took all his groomsmen to breakfast here the morning of our wedding. It's perfect for so many different occasions. The text ahead system is very smart, and it means I almost never have to wait once we get there.
New favorite place. Just tried it last night for the first time with some friends. The wait to get in was pretty long but spent it looking around in their little market and tried some samples at their bakery case. The desserts look really good - I think they have the tallest chocolate cake I have ever seen. The vibe of Datz is unique - fun environment. Our server - AJ, was very helpful. Good beer selection and really, really good food. We were already planning our next trip when looking over the menu. Oh - parking is not so easy to find. After driving up and down a few side streets I finally lucked out in the parking lot behind Datz.
Where do I start with my review of this haven of goodness?? Atmosphere: lets start here. I love it. Really, I do! Visiting other cities full of foodie wonder, I fell in live with Datz decor including wine glass chandeliers and beer oozing out of the walls. Dining can be enjoyed on an outside patio, inside with the occasional live music, or upstairs by a schnazzy bar pouring beer, wine, and variations of liquid fantastic. Food: aside from the unique menu names (some kind of dumb kluck!) you can have breakfast, lunch, and dinner at Datz! I'd have to say that the Datchos, their version of nachos with added pizazz, are my favorite! They come with datz potato chips, chili, cheese, jalapenos, sour cream, blue cheese drizzle, ... Scallions....and are served with enough there to feed a happy table of diners! The High Steaks Ceasar, Creole shrimp n grits, bistro filet, and stuffed meatloaf (including Mac n cheese IN the meatloaf!) are a few faves that my hubby and I repeatedly partake in. Drinks: Datz is a beer lovers paradise. Follow them on Twitter and Facebook for updates of what beers are on tap. They range from seasonal favorites to unique finds. You can do a 'flight' of sample sizes to try them out too! They rotate 34 drafts! If you're in the mood for a cocktail, their mixes including apple pie moonshine will add flair to your dinner. Service: upbeat and happy! Our servers, especially a lovely gal named China who we see often, are always friendly and help make recommendations as needed. Sweets: come inside to the left to visit the baristas and check out the selection of in-house made sweets ranging from bourbon cheesecake and going towards the cupcake persuasion. Dough, the baker next door also owned by Datz, continues the sugar high. We love Datz. I'll drive the 30 minutes to get there just about weekly. With a laid back but fancy feel, it takes you out of the chain restaurant zone!
I've been there once for dinner and it was delicious.  Finally I made it there for their famous breakfast.  It didn't disappoint.  I had banana-peanut butter-bacon waffles and they were awesome.  The best thing about Datz is the menu is always playful and fun.  No matter what you order, you know it will be tasty. Food was great, staff was friendly.
Really yummy brunch and great service.  My favorite bloody Mary ever, although I recommend asking for the slice of bacon on the side (instead of stuck inside the cocktail and left all soggy).  And, FYI, this is not the place to go if you're watching your calories.  Enjoy!
What a place. That's all I can say. I had the Pork Shank Redemption with marscapone mashed potatoes. Awesome. There was also a stuffed meatloaf entree that came with mashed potatoes as well, which I will say, was astounding. But I'm a bit of a meatloaf guy. And the Korean short ribs were to doe for. Great beer selection that would fell any beer snob's heart. Their desserts looked amazing as well, but due to the more than ample portions provided, I simply could not fit in anything else. That what she said. I recommend this place to anyone and will definitely be back when I  in the area again.
Hands down. One of the best restaurants in Tampa. Not your typical "Tampa" restaurant. When you walk in, this restaurant looks like a restaurant you'd see in the heart of Chicago. I will say, it is one of the best restaurants in Tampa, hands down! My favorite dish there is the meatloaf. It has mac n' cheese inside, and jalapenos - best mixture of  amazingness all in one! The service is always prompt and generous. Datz has a unique twist to their atmosphere, menu-style (newspaper), and foods.. They're original and just plain amazing.. this restaurant has got it going on!
Pretzel bites. Soooo good.
How have I not reviewed Datz yet?! This is one of my favorite go-to's in Tampa, and whenever I have out of town guests, I always like to take them here. It's a cute, locally owned placed, but also one of the most popular places in South Tampa, so parking can be a nightmare. They recently got valet (finally). Brunch is my favorite meal here. Monkey bread, red velvet pancakes, Bloody Marys, breakfast sandwiches, lunch sandwiches... it doesn't get better than this! I love their egg sammies -- the Popeye's Rise 'n' Shiner is one of my favs, and the Brie Bardot is delicious, as well. I've had their crabby benedict and was slightly disappointed -- something about it just tasted off. No matter... PLENTY of other things to get here!!! Their lunch sandwiches are pretty awesome too -- can't go wrong with any of them or the burger, and they come with the most delicious home made chips with a mild, sweet blue cheese drizzle. I also highly recommend their mac n cheese and mac bites. Mmmmmmm. For dinner -- meatloaf and penne dishes are fantastic. I've tried their chicken 'n' waffles before and it was only just okay. Same with the Kentucky Colonel Bowl. Fish tacos are yum, though. Great beer selection. Their menu updates pretty frequently, so be on the look out for new dishes all the time. Also give yourself extra time at the end to go through their stores and look at their jams, sauces, chocolates, gelato, etc. And also give yourself some time to walk next door to Datz Dough to look at some of their pasty creations -- amazing!
I love the ambiance and the energy if this place. So far I've only come here for Sunday brunch but have always been satisfied. Marissa rolls with the manic pace of the upstairs bar amazingly and provides friendly and personalized service. Cocktails are popular but I always get the giant 22 ounce latte, which is delicious. Great place to hang out on a Sunday morning and watch all of those beautiful South Tampa people.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Datz. The food is excellent, the beer is excellent, and the staff is excellent. The menu is huge, but it's hard for me to get anything but Ty's Two Fister since it's absolutely delicious. The chips are great too. I've also had the Manwich- it is HUGE. If you can eat this all in one sitting, you are amazing. Datz- go here... NOW.
My first meal during my first visit to Tampa and Datz made it a really nice welcome to the Tampa food scene. My cousin brought me here for brunchies. The restaurant itself is so freakin' cool. They have wine bottle chandeliers hanging from the ceiling and a second high floor for seating. The restaurant's got alotta personality. Did the menu match the good vibes? YUP. It's a bit overwhelming. There are so many dishes to choose from, could be maddening for indecisive folks like me. EVERYTHING sounds spectacular. I went with one of the House Favorites - Eggs Barbacoa it's a huge plate of two eggs, pulled pork, cilantro, onion, and New Mexico red chili sauce with southwest rice and beans. The dish also comes with corn tortillas, but I held that to refrain from carbs overload. It was fantastic. The chili sauce tied all the flavors well; it was a little sweet and a little tangy. You can't go wrong with cilantro. If you work hard at not finishing all the rice, this dish was great for the health conscious, too. My cousin ordered Chicken & Waffle Benedict, which she loved. I'd definitely come back here and try something else. Wouldn't mind if life brought me back here soon! Oh, my only and really huge regret was not trying a macaron. Their dessert case display - ouch. Service was alright. They were busy, a bit neglectful, but I was relaxed on vacation, so I didn't care.
Absolutely 5 stars! What can I say about Datz that has not been said before? Datz has it all for me (except quality parking, but that's another story and their restaurant good qualities so far exceeds the parking issue that the 5 stars is still warranted). I love that Datz has mega portions. The price point is completely fair given that I usually eat 2-3 times off of every dish. My favorite is the Smokey & The Bird sandwich with Datzchos (homemade chips with cheese, chili, jalapenos, etc) as an appetizer. I always get the Peanut Butter gelato too. Tis nice. For breakfast, I recommend the Breakfast BLT with normal BLT toppings plus mayo and a fried egg, all on a soft sourdough bun. Basically, the menu is varied and displayed in a newspaper, something unique and kinda neat!  Also, they change up their menu and have different themed nights- most recently, they have been having Sunday Supper. Datz always has an event going on.  The last event I went to was for a homebrew kit instructional class, but they have had food events and drink events, or combinations of the 2. They are usually free OR for a very low cost, but it is first come, first serve and you have to register on their website. The feel of Datz is great too. I can't fully describe the ambiance, but I can say that there is a small section with locally made items such as honey and jam and also cookbooks authored by Florida natives.   Long story short, I implore everyone to visit Datz basically every chance you get. You will not be disappointed by a thing.
The beer selection is extension and great. I really enjoyed the to-go selection of sweets and cheeses to purchase. The meatloaf dinner was delicious and served in a large portion! The wait was not long at all for being in such a popular area. Great location to clubs and bars in SoHo/ Hyde Park area. Wait staff knew their drink menu and recommended a yummy concotion for me to try. I recommend this place for first dates as the food and atmosphere creates for interesting conversation. I'm still talking about how yummy the Truffle French Fries are! I could eat them everyday to be honest! So rich and flavorful!
The atmosphere was pretty neat but other than that, it's really nothing spectacular.  The Black Truffle fries are nothing more than regular french fries with parmesan and green onions on them, super overpriced too.  It wasn't horrible but I probably won't go back...
Before I had even stepped foot in Tampa, Datz was on my radar. Its name was written all over Urbanspoon, food blogs, and reviews alike.  I instantly recognized that it was a restaurant with a flare for food that is common in culinary capitols (you know, those ones with the extremely expensive cost of living) like New York and San Francisco... Sign me up. Seriously, this place is a foodie heaven. They have a market filled with tons of goodies, like preserves, fruit butters, aged balsamic, local honey, and other products from small distributors. These are the kind of small businesses who respect their product, nurturing it to reach its full potential... Continued post and photographic evidence... (dreamingingredients.com/…)
Great place to eat. The beef brisket sandwich is wonderful. My husband got the steak and eggs which was very good, but huge. The monkey bread is amazing. Definitely a must for a weekend brunch. The grits are so cheesy. Everything I've tried so far has been great.
I wanted to love this place. I really did. I've heard so many people raving about it I was determined to go. My lady and I took a look around and its a super cute place kinda like a trendy cracker barrel and proceeded to the hostess stand and waited. A gentleman from the cake counter was nice enough to look for the hostess then seat us himself and find us a waiter. The table was sticky and dirty,I guess the once over wipe wasn't good enough. The food sadly was a big let down. standard situation where quantity is not as important as quality. The food was to much,greasy to the point it was inedible and I left there hungry and feeling like I just threw away 50 bucks on lunch I cant get back. I would try it again. Maybe its just what I ordered but I was looking for something special. And as alway's, Im not perfect everyday either. Im going to go back and try again and hopefully change this review. I mean its happened before right:)
Love coming here for brunch, lunch, or dinner! They have an awesome system where you can text the restaurant to 'call ahead' and you're name will be added to the wait list. However, we went to brunch today at 10am and had no wait! When we were leaving the wait was starting to accumulate. I really like the atmosphere, the staff, and the food obviously. I've been here numerous times and today I ordered an omelette with fruit instead of potatoes. I ate the potatoes off of my husband's plate and they were AMAZE. My omelette was fluffy and jam packed with all that I wanted in there. The fruit also tasted good. Fun times!
The food was good, and the ambience was great. The service was a bit lackluster. It took them 10 minutes after getting my credit card to return it, and it was not that busy. The food and decor are 4\s, while the services was a 2, so let us average it out to a 3. I am not sure they will get a second chance, as there are a lot of alternatives in the area.
This place is awesome! At first my wife and I were a little taken back at the price!  13 dollars for a sandwich seems a little steep, but when the meals came out we got over it really quick.  13 dollars for a sandwich for 1 meal is really expensive, 13 dollars for 2-3 meals is really reasonable! The truffle fries were amazing! and even though we didnt get dessert, it looked amazing!   We will for sure be going back! Soon!
I've been to Datz's several times and the food and service has always been very good.  It's a trendy restaurant that has a broad menu of traditional American sandwiches with their own twist added to them.  Their burgers are also very good...  They have both indoor and patio seating.  Next door is their Cafe/Bistro arm called "Dough" which serves light fare and delicious desserts as well as Italian gelato and espressos.... all very good.  Now.. they are a "tad" pricey but the quality of the food offsets the extra buck or two you'd think about normally paying.  This restaurant is not to be missed!
Had breakfast/brunch here this past weekend & was NOT disappointed.  The service was good (it was busy so it was a little slow at times) but the food was great!  I had the breakfast BLT & sweet cream pancakes.  The bread was perfectly soft yet toasted & lots of bacon on the BLT.  The cheesy grits are amazing, as are the bacon-infused breakfast potatoes!  The pancakes were perfectly fluffy and delicious!  I can't wait to come back next time I am home!
The hype about this place is well deserved. The food was amazing and the service was great.
Woo Hoo, I visited this place tonight for dinner and I was pleasantly surprised. Datz has a nice atmosphere, it's the good gastropub in Tampa. Unfortunately we got stuck between a cute couple that was newly engaged and a couple on their first date. She should totally not have dinner with that dude, but if he was paying it was worth it. Anything to get a great meal huh? I digress. I ordered the meatloaf and my companion ordered the flat bread and we  split some wings. I am lactose intolerant and the meatloaf comes with mashed potatoes and peas.  Being a foodie I know this spots' smash was prolly loaded with yummy cream and butter, so I attempted to switch out the smash for the black truffle fries sans the parmesan. I was smilingly told that the meatloaf has to come with the mashed potato it's just made that way. Trying to follow the way of the gastropub I assumed it may be something different.......YEAH, my dinner consisted of meatloaf fried onions and peas. It was indeed possible to get a switch, or an option could have been presented.  Lol...I didn't complain it wasn't worth it. On the more positive side. The sweet death wings were awesome. They may be worth getting some Togo before we leave. Hell, we once almost missed a flight for a pizza run in KC. Final thoughts: Go, eat!  Don't ask for a substitution....lmao.
SOOO.....MUCH....FOOD!!!!  My wife had the Big A$$ Burger, it was delicious. I had the breakfast for dinner-eggs barbacoa. I love having breakfast for dinner and this did not disappoint. It was colossal! I feel ashamed I couldn't finish. I had a house margarita, best I've ever had. Looking forward to our next time
Lots of firsts.  First time at Datz, first time having chicken and waffles, first time having a poached egg (somehow).  The chicken and waffles benedict was good, though I don't have anything to compare it to in my mind. I'd love to go back, a bit pricey but there were a ton of things on the menu that looked awesome.
I've only gone there once for lunch but I really loved it. Great atmosphere inside. Lots of people. Great beers. Big, fantastic sandwiches. My girlfriend loved their bloody mary, which they topped with guinness and stirred with a piece of fried bacon. We also have them cater to my work pretty often, which I love.
Really don't get the hype. WAY overpriced and average food. The veggie burger is the same frozen morningstar brand patty that Burger King uses. It is also two times smaller than the bun they put it on. Kind of a joke, really. Good service but not enough vegetarian or vegan options for us to ever go back.
I think Datz has ruined me for brunch and/or lunch places in Tampa. I've now been twice, and I think their menu is unique and eclectic. I've had their chili, monkey bread and some "breakfast nachos" and I haven't been disappointed. What I really like about this place is it includes bakery and novelty food items. So you can come, have lunch, and then pick up dessert to take home. They have cutsie aprons and moonshine-soaked maraschino cherries. I dig this place and would recommend if you go on a weekend to get a reservation. Oh, and parking is a real nightmare.
The nacho platter made with homemade potato chips was excellent! Well worth sharing as an appetizer or to have as a meal. The chicken and waffles benedict dish, however, was very disappointing. Chicken was dry and lacked the satisfying fried chicken flavor I was looking forward to. Hollandaise sauce had a strange spice in it that was distracting and bitter, which is disappointing since I love hollandaise. The potatoes were very ordinary and lacked the "bacon infused" flavor that was being promoted. I will be back but I will order differently.
I absolutely love this place. It's my favorite place to eat at in Tampa. They've got AMAZING breakfast, AMAZING sandwiches, great drinks, AMAZING entrees - and my favorite thing of all- Drool worthy sweets. I love a place that can offer me both great food and even better desserts. I've never had a time where I've thought the food was sub par. In fact, my friends and I always eat more than we can handle and we leave with our boxes of take home desserts. mmmmm (did I mention that they fly in their red velvet cheesecake from Junior's in NY?!!!!- oh yes they do!)
I loved the black trifle fries as well as the happy cow burger. The breakfast for dinner is also yummy, as is the datchos and the chicken skin tacos. The waiter said the catfish is amazing. You can go to dough next door afterwards and get a discount on the gelato there which is delicious!
It's food is average. Wasn't that many people when we got there but their service is slow. Disappointed with all the excellent review.
Worst service! Been here 5 times and 4 of the 5 we have been ignored, had bad service and rude pretentious staff!! Won't be back. The food is good but not worth the bad terrible staff.
This is not a "deli"!  Datz offers a wide selection of different foods all done very well. Solid beer, wine and liqueur bar. Best of all a very knowledgable staff to help you make the tough choices. Parking can be tight on a busy evening so plan ahead.
just had drinks int he upstairs bar never had the food. i will return to try their food. The atmosphere was nice. The bartender could have been a bit more attentive. But other than that it was pretty nice.
I am going to have to Agree with all who have said good things about this place. It is well worth the wait, the money, the parking sucking to be in a place that cares what they are serving- and know why they are serving it. Great wine list and beer selections ! I'd reccomend you try it anytime.
I always think of it as a treat to learn that I'll be venturing to this spot for any meal day or night.  They have a very convenient text reservation system or you can always call ahead.  I would definitely recommend reservations as space is at a premium when it comes to this place.  Parking seems to be as well so pack your patience.   If you're the indecisive type, stay away from the drink menu.  It is pages and pages of goodness and creative concoctions that will appeal to every side of your drinking persona.  They creatively publish all of their menus in a newspaper like flyer and all of their menu items appear to have a unique Datz spin on them.  You can't go wrong with any of their items. If you have a sweet tooth, beware of their cakes, cupcakes, and unique dessert treats.  Check out Datz Dough (located next door) for more on that.  This is a great place to grab brunch, a casual lunch, or low key dinner.  You won't leave disappointed or hungry!
Go here. Now. Why are you still here reading this? You need to go try this place now! Okay, you're still here if you've read this far, so let me convince you: The Food: The sandwiches unique twists on old favorites, like a caprese sandwich or a BBQ sandwich. Other favorites also include meatloaf with mac and cheese INSIDE it, and creole shrimp and grits. YUM.  You really can't go wrong with anything on their menu. I highly recommend their fried Mac and Cheese balls as an appetizer. Wonderful The Drinks: Datz has some truly delicious, truly strong drinks. They have a lovely wine selection, and a ton of great beer on tap.  They make an old-fashioned that is garnished with candied bacon. Need I say more? Atmosphere: Love it. It's vibrant, but you don't have to scream to be heard. The decor is rather unique, with wine-bottle chandelier's and newspaper menus. Oh, did I mention they have cold-brewed coffee? and gelato? and DESSERT. Oh my goodness, their desserts are sinful. Their cakes include a Jack Daniel's chocolate cake that may make you die from happiness. A few notes: They are a little pricey, but for the quality you get I think it's worth it. You also get a lot of food. You may want to share an entree. They are pretty large. Also, if you're going with a large group, plan ahead and carpool, because parking is very limited. And make reservations!!!!! Seriously. Go onto OpenTable or call in, because you don't want to stand and wait. Now Go!
I am a professional chef, so believe me when I say that this is one of the best restaurants I have eaten at in a very long time.  World Class style and preparation of simple American classics!  Who would have thought that simple could be so exiting!  I have been there twice and will return every time I land in Tampa.  Full scale gourmet deli, three meals a day, huge take-out selection of beers, imported cheeses, WOW pastries, not to mention the food which is VERY REASONABLE.  Get in line though, this place is a local hit!  Try the Cuban Sandwich and the melt- in- your- mouth Reuben.  Oh, and they make homemade potato chips that are better than any I have ever had! YUMMY
First let me say that I grade on a curve.  If you are a McDonalds I expect that my food will be hot, all ingredients on the bun and not spread all over the box, service that isn't overtly rude, and a cleanish bathroom.  So clearly a McDonalds has a very high bar to hurdle.  ;)  But when you are a highly regarded, trend setting, gastropub featured on TV... you better deliver. Datz does just that... mostly.   I was here a year ago for a Yelp event which was wonderful and had wanted to come back.  It was a Tuesday morning and I needed a pick me up after a rough meeting. I had my heart set on some chicken and waffles for breakfast which I heard were awesome.  I am a freak for chicken and waffles.  In fact my first children may be named chicken and waffles.  If the celebs can pick intelligent names for their kids like Kyd, South West, Tu Morrow, and Diva Thin Muffin, then I can and will name my kids Chiken and Wafflez.  Take that Kardashians! BUT.. They don't do C&W for breakfast except on weekends.  Cue some Aerosmith... "I was cryin when I met you, now I'm tryin to forget you, Love is sweet waffles smothered in Spicy Buffalo Trace bourbon maple syrup with a side of rosemary fried chicken..."  Er well ok maybe not but it is at least lust.  Or Gluttony.  Or both. So alright that is fine.  It seems that they don't have the fryers running at 10 AM.  Oh well. So I ended up having to look at the menu.  Boo hoo right?  And it is a great menu before you even leave the drink menu.  The menu mixes some interesting and unusual combinations of ingredients and elevates versions of more common dishes.  The menu is large so you are guaranteed to find something that you like unless you want breakfast for lunch or lunch for breakfast et cetera.  (Yes I am still Cryin)   I ordered a bootlegger. The bootlegger is a breakfast sandwich with a fried egg on thick sliced ham smothered in a Cigar City Jai Alai beer cheese all on a pretzel bun.  I also got a side of bacon roasted potatoes.   First the bootlegger is $10, which is on the high side for breakfast, but Datz is a little expensive for everything ($18 for C&W and $10 for drinks).  You are trading your low cost for high quality, a fun atmosphere, and creativity.  As far as the three preceding qualities go, Datz delivered in spades.  But there were some problems.  First the potatoes were good: correctly cooked, flavorful but not over spiced, and plentiful.  I would like a bit more bacon flavor but now I am just nit picking.   But the bootlegger could use some adjustment. If IHOP gave me this it would be 5 stars but this is Datz so here is how it could be better.  First, cook the egg in a template to limit the size because I couldn't find the bottom bun without digging through the eggs.  I mean the fried eggs were twice the size of the bun.  And then they were smothered with runny beer cheese.  Now I love beer cheese but because of the runniness of the beer cheese I got really messy, like up to my wrists messy, before giving up and eating my sandwich with a fork.  And the flavors:  The egg... Salty and Savory.  The beer cheese... salty and savory.  The ham... Salty and Savory.  So the whole dish is salty and savory but it was really too salty.  And I like a good dose of salt and savor but this was too much.  It really needs something to cut it and create balance.  And as I said, I grade on a curve and Datz is way ahead of the curve.   The service was great once I got seated.  They have a host stand but it was abandoned so the person behind the candy counter (they have a candy counter that sells William Dean chocolates and baked good) just told me to sit anywhere.  Once I was seated my server was nice and attentive and friendly. The space is like no other space I have been to.  Is it a high-end food store?  Is it a bar? Is it a restaurant?  The answer is YES!  And while I have castigated other restaurants for not having an identity that makes sense (see my Bokampers review) somehow it works here.  It just feels right.  This undoubtedly due to either great luck or careful planning. The only other issue is parking.  Datz is popular and so finding parking is a challenge.  Datz has an overflow lot around the corner but it isn't nearly enough.   Bottom line:  I grade on a curve and here they are way ahead of that curve.  This is a must try restaurant that has been and will continue to be a model for other establishments around the bay.  Expect high quality with prices to match.  And while some things don't measure up to my curve that is what happens with creativity.  These sorts of risks are the only way to achieve greatness.  Datz is nearly there.  I will revisit after I finally get my waffly goodness and that may be enough to push them to a full 5 stars.  But for now sweet, sticky greatness hasn't quite stuck yet.
I've been here countless times and had most items on the menu and everything I try is amazing. I have never had a bad meal here, and the homemade chips with blue cheese drizzle are addicting. The environment is awesome too. It's got a small pub feel with a bakery attached. The only drawbacks are finding a parking spot and waiting to get a seat, but that makes sense because they are busy for obvious reasons. Great beers on tap and excellent food. I always bring out of town guests here. A Tampa "Must-See(Eat)"
We tried this place for brunch on a Sunday morning.  It was a madhouse and I'm not sure I would rate it worth the long wait.   The beer menu was pretty extensive and we were able to order off either the breakfast or lunch menus.  There are some interesting items, everything from eggs to sandwiches.  My sandwich was loaded with pork, almost too much!  It was very filling and I was unable to finish.  We also had an Eggs Benedict, which was pretty good. After eating, we wandered downstairs to check out the items for sale.  You can get olive oils, deli items, chocolates, beer (Cigar City and Dogfish Head amongst the large selection), cookies and crackers, just to name a few.  It was pretty impressive! The downside of this place--parking is at a premium and somewhat of a nightmare, especially at peak times.
Would never return.  Food was sub par.
Recommended by a friend and it did not disappoint. Many great beers to pick from also bourbon.  Food was great, we had the green fried tomato appetizer and the Rueben for dinner.......WOW!! Went over to the Dough next door and took home some great desserts. We will be back.
I have to admit, i have a crush on this restaurant.  Great beer selections, a bakery that rivals the best anywhere... For dinner, it's chicken and waffles, and for breakfast, the Popeye Breakfast sandwich with grits is near and dear to my heart. Truly a gem.
W O W. Came here for dinner. It was rather busy - which is a good sign - however they seem to have enough parking spaces to accommodate a full house. It was so hard to pick from the menu. The hostess was nice and server was on point. Ambience was nice enough. Friendly environment and suitable for adults and families. Decor was eclectic enough but not out of place. But, THE FOOD. Oh my goodness. Table of three. We shared the truffle fries (must try) and the bacon sampler. The Pork Shank Redemption was incredible. So soft and full of flavor! The accompanying mascarpone mashed potato was perfect too. Drinks selection is also very good and diverse. Really, everything I read in the menu and saw coming out of the kitchen looked Delicious. Can't go wrong with this place. I hope you enjoy!!
I have had good and bad eating experiences at Datz.  For example, their sandwiches are huge and delicious, their red velvet  cake is heavenly,  and the Lettuce Entertain You salad was enough for 2 when it was first introduced, but I've had disappointment with make your own omelettes, eggs benedict, and the autumn leaves salad.  I ordered an omlette with roasted red peppers and they were not roasted.  The eggs in my benedict were hard and my autumn salad was missing its grapes.  Datz was good about rectifying the problems.
Absoulutely love this place...the sandwiches are ginormous and their chips with blue cheese sauce are addicting!  Recommend either going early or late to avoid the wait and parking nightmare.
I have given Datz several chances since moving to Palma Ceia 2.5 years ago. I really want to like it because it's a cool concept with a great beer selection and one of the only places in town that carries Pappy's bourbon. But the food is just bad. Datz tries to mask its subpar offerings with gargantuan portions loaded with fat and oil. And I get the sense that Datz's die-hard fans don't actually care about good food - they value trendiness above all else. This time we wanted take out for dinner, but all our usual haunts were closed for Labor Day. So my partner and I begrudgingly ordered from Datz. My black bean burger (the happy cow) was gross - it was so oily that it fell apart. And the bun was dripping with oil / grease. I couldn't eat more than a few bites. My partner had the shrimp po' boy, which he described as "not good." Overall, another profoundly disappointing experience.
Datz what I'm talking about!  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Datz! I have been there numerous times for breakfast, lunch, dinner, drinks and special events.  Each visit is like a new foodie adventure and I am always impressed with their constantly evolving menu. I have brought friends and family from out of town to Datz and they all still rave about it. I love their seasonal cocktails and my current favorite appetizer is the Mac and Cheese Balls. Go to Datz and thank me later. They are always super busy so be sure to make a reservation.
Went there for lunch today with a friend. She had a ruben and I had a burger. Very cute place! Loved the decor. I felt the menu wasn't very extensive but I have nothing to complain about really. The service was good except for the stinky cigarette smoke breath on the server. Next time I'll request a non-smoking and or non-breathing server. Very cute. Will visit again.
Great place! Good service, we ordered the chicken and waffles it was awesome and came with pecan syrup. The service was great as well we also had Moscow mules and cider. I will visit this place again, love it.
Datz is a wonderful restaurant that has a little pretentious flair to it upon entering. For me, I love that they have such an extensive 'gift shop' if you will, of pastas, sauces, olive oils, Norman Love chocolates, and tequilas. They are displayed throughout the restaurant, so you are constantly looking around at the eye catching items to perhaps purchase after your satiable meal. They are great conversation pieces and makes the wait for the food seem like nothing. Onto the food. Fabulous sandwiches, although a little on the pricey side, each sandwich is well crafted with each item on each sandwich having a distinct purpose of adding well accompanying flavor. Their breads are freshly baked & that is always an enormous bonus for any restaurant with a variety of sandwiches. The amount of deli meat they give you is beyond generous. The homemade chips with a bleu cheese drizzle and scallions are extremely satisfying (and this comes from someone that does not like bleu cheese AT ALL). Their desserts are artfully prepared and pack serious flavor (and calories... you know, those little night fairies that sew your clothes a little tighter and provoke a *dare I say* muffin top). They have a plethora of cocktail selections, along with a good beer and wine list. This is a great brunch spot, date night, or place to take out of towners as the food will never disappoint.
My boyfriend and I loved this place.  The burger I got was as big as my HEAD, and it was AMAZING.  I got some kind of sandwich with meatloaf on it.  The food was delicious....and let me TELL YOU about the wine.  I got the wine flight, and, of course that means my boyfriend had to drive us home.  I "tasted" three (almost full) glasses of amazing wine.  In this wine flight you can choose from a wide variety of white/red wines.  The service was good, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere was fun.  By the way, the menus are totally cool.  They look like daily newspapers.  I loved this experience.
This was an amazing find I can't believe I've never come here before! Brandon and I came here for date night last week and we were both extremely impressed. The menu had so many delicious items we spent quite a while deciding. I ended up with the Kentucky colonel bowl and he got the donut hamburger. Both were out of this world delicious but were going to have to go back soon to try the items we couldn't. The waitress was super helpful in our selections and was patient with us first timers. I also ordered the fried Oreos Nd they were sooooo awesome ... Seriously get the Oreos! It got rather busy near the end of our meal so I'd suggest going early if you want a less crowded atmosphere. The prices were great in our opinion, especially for the quality of food we had. They also have quite a wide selection of craft beer and other drinks. I really liked their menu as well and the integration of social media into it. I now follow them on twitter and I think they're doing an excellent job making the whole experience at Datz fun and enjoyable.
**Whatever you do, be sure to get the sweet/salty potato chips with bleu cheese drizzle!** Datz is a gourmet market, bakery, deli, restaurant, and wine bar. It's very popular, and parking is a bit of a pain. They have at least 3 lots (one in front, one down the street to the right, and one behind), but they were packed both times I went. But it's for a good reason. Everything here is just fantastic, and there is so much to choose from. When I went with my family for lunch before heading to the airport, I wanted to have a sit-down meal. So we left a name with the host and waited. When it was ready, we were brought upstairs to what looks like a full restaurant and bar area. (I used to think it was only a deli with loft-like space upstairs for tables.) Sandwiches come with mouth-watering sweet/salty potato chips with bleu cheese drizzle. My curry chicken salad sandwich (called the "Indie Me Chick'n") was huge and delicious, but I couldn't finish it on my own. My fiancé's Philly cheesesteak (called the "Yo! Vinny!") was beyond fantastic with caramelized onions, roasted peppers, gooey provolone cheese, bleu cheese aioli and tender, thinly cut meat on a batard. Our server was very friendly and attentive. He even offered to fill my Nalgene up with iced tea or ice water! My only complaint is that it's a little pricey for lunch ($10-12 for sandwiches with a side of chips) and there is always a wait. You get huge portions of really high quality food, so it's worth the trip, the cash, and the time!
This place never ceases to amaze me. The only thing that bummed me out the last time I went to eat there was there veggie options. There really weren't any. Other than that, check them out for there incredible desserts. To die for!
I was about to give up on finding good food in Tampa. Thanks to Yelp for helping me pick out some winners. Datz was excellent. Their price points are a little high, so if you're looking for value, it may not be the best place to go. If you're looking for delicious modern cuisine with a twist, you should go to Datz.
Datz is such a great neighborhood place - consistently good food, large portions perfect for sharing, a huge and extensive menu, a comfortable atmosphere and great beer and cocktail selections.   Their menu changes seasonally so just when you think you've found your new favorite dish, they change it up and you have a whole new menu of gluttonous-delights to try. We have eaten here for breakfast/brunch, lunch, dinner and dessert, and we have yet to try even a quarter of their extensive menu.  Their sandwiches never disappoint and they are served with tasty homemade chips - they are so big they can easily serve two, or one with plenty of leftovers for the next day.  In addition to their sandwiches they have a great selection of salads, entrees, flatbreads and appetizers.  If you can't find something to enjoy here, there is something seriously wrong with you. Weekend brunch at Datz is another delicious experience.  They always have some amazing-sounding pancakes (creamsicle? red velvet? sweet potato?!), awesome breakfast sandwiches and inventive dishes to satisfy any craving (Eggs Barbacoa, Savory Breakfast Bread Pudding, Breakfast Flatbread?!).   They have a dog-friendly patio (!) and a neat little specialty market with unique gourmet items, gifts and interesting liquors available for purchase.  They also have a decadent case of desserts including layered cakes, brownies, cupcakes, French macarons, locally-made toffee and gourmet chocolates.  Oh, and did I mention the delicious selection of gelato?   There are only a few negatives that come to mind. First, service can be pretty hit or miss.  We have had a couple of awesome servers and then at other times, some pretty bad ones.  Also, on rare occasions I have noticed some issues with execution of a couple of their dishes.  I tried the corned beef hash for breakfast recently and was less than impressed - the potatoes didn't seem fully cooked and it wasn't as flavorful as I had hoped.  Perhaps an off-morning?  Certainly not enough to keep me away for good. We love Datz and so do a lot of people!  Heads up, the wait can get a little long for weekend brunch, lunch time and weekend evenings so download their new app for your phone (yes, they have their own app) and get yourself on their wait-list before you even arrive.  Or you can use their text-system to get on the list if you anticipate a wait. And they also offer a 20% military discount - NICE!
My first impression of Datz was this place has a very cool atmosphere!  Our server Crystal was very helpful even though she brought me out the wrong dinner, I was very pleased with the service our party of 8 received.   I ordered the Uncle Shorty's Catfish Dinner and it was awesome!  Great food!  I will return and I will look forward to eating here again and again with Family and Friends!  Thank you for the great food and service - Bill Lane Ranger Printing and Promotional Products.
Datz is amazing, food is delicious. It is always rather busy which causes service to suffer, but busy means they are doing something right. I decided on sitting at the bar from now on. Service is quick and friendly up there.
Went for the first time today and I will return! Definitely worth the 45 minute drive. I loved everything about it from the decor to the overwhelming beer selection to the amazing sandwich I had! Definitely recommend the Razorback and Forth sandwich! I will return! :)
I would eat at Datz once a week. The fact that you can text in and put your name on the list is such a huge perk, especially in South Tampa. Obviously the parking is sometimes hard to find, but we just plan on not going at 7pm on a Saturday night. This time we went for an extremely hung over breakfast. Wow, what a perfect choice. I ordered the Hangover (ah-mazing) and my friend got the Migas, I want to go back just to get the Migas all for myself. They brought me over one red velvet pancake since it was my birthday (which they charged us $8 for) but it was worth every penny. Should have just ordered a full stack. In my mind Datz can't do any wrong.
I'm majorly breaking Tampa protocol here, but I find Datz to be completely unimpressive.  Well, on a good day it's unimpressive, and on a bad day it's horrid.  Okay, so the high points are the ambiance (aside from how loud it is, it's a fun space), the menu (just the menu, mind you, NOT the actual food), the fact that you can text to get on the waitlist, and the fact that they serve Kaua Coffee.  The low points are: it's crowded and there's nowhere to stand when you're waiting on a table, it's loud and clattery, and the food, while ambitious, is uninspired. As I said, I like the menu, but I don't like the food.  The menu is the promise, and the food never delivers.  Here's my problem with the food: it's too extreme.  A dish can't have just a sprinkling of cheese, it has to be smothered in cheese.  If there's bacon, it has to be SO MUCH BACON EVERYWHERE.  I ordered pancakes the other day, and they weren't pancakes, they were actual birthday cake mix (from a box), cooked on the griddle.  That's what did it for me, it was the straw that broke my already disenchanted back.  It would have been one thing if I had ordered cake, but I didn't.  I ordered pancakes.  When I figured out what it was, I was kind of pissed.  Don't fucking give me cake for breakfast unless I order cake for breakfast. Anyway, people in South Tampa love it, but I don't typically agree with the South Tampa residents' restaurant endorsements.  I find Datz to be a little too self-congratulatory,  with very little knowledge or substance to back it up.  Want an awesome brunch that in no way lacks for bacon and hipster servers?  Go to Ella's.  They actually know what they're doing.
Walking in, I was impressed with the layout of the restaurant, the small market off to the side and the bar area upstairs. The hostess recommended the Reuben's Groupie (essentially a Reuben made with grouper and Datz's own Russian dressing). I had to ask for more Russian as it didn't really have that flavor punch you get with a nice thousand island made with horseradish. The meal came with the chips and bleu cheese drizzle, which I would almost have preferred without the drizzle. The food quality was great, but the flavors left me wondering if should have gone with my instincts and skipped the fish sandwich. I would like to go back and try a few other things. Their menu is comprehensive and occasionally unusual.
The new menu is a winner. Datz has changed a lot in the past few years and is finally getting back to great food. Excellent scotches and beers as well. I have yet to have something on their new menu I didn't like. I will certainly start making more frequent visits.
This restaurant is just OK. The food is good, but not as great as everyone makes it out to be. My boyfriend basically ordered a market bowl for brunch. Here's a hint, if Boston Market makes the same thing, it probably isn't innovative cuisine. I had the Creamsicle Pancakes, which were alright. For some reason I thought the glaze would be more of a syrup, but it had the consistency of frosting. I wished it was syrup. The date on the menu was December 2013, which was odd since it's summer and I thought their menu was seasonal. It is a nice atmosphere and they do have an impressive selection of beer on the menu. They just need to tweak a few things to stand up to all the rave reviews I have seen.
I first heard about Datz on a Travel Channel show about restaurants that serve comfort food.  Datz has taken comfort food to a whole different level.   The first time that I ate there I had something that i've only dreamed of. Barry C'S Stuffed Meatloaf, stuffed with bacon-jalapeno mac n' cheese, garlic mascarpone mashed potatoes, seasonal succotash. The best meat loaf ever.  This trip I wanted to try something different. I started with a Chipotle Cherry Margarita. Hot and sweet, perfect! My main course was Creole Shrimp n' Grits. Smoked gouda, grits, creole sauce, very yummy shrimp and nice healthy spinach. As gouda as it gets.  If you only have one day in Tampa and don't know where to go, get into a cab and  go to Datz.
Hands down my favorite restaurant in Tampa!  The food is absolutely amazing, I've never been disappointed!  Some of my favorite dishes: Mac n' Cheese Bites, Black Truffle Fries, Cod Fish N' Crisps, Pink Peppercorn Lemon Chicken. Ambience is amazing and service friendly, you must check it out!
These days it's hard to find great food at reasonable prices! Food, service and atmosphere are all amazing!!! Almost wonder if spreading the word about this place is in my benefit. Wish I could have it all to myself! Chicken/Waffles Benedict - wind blown amazing Hensel & Gretel pretzel sandwhich - awesome I'm sure anything you get will be great
Love the Sunday Morning brunch here. Get there early before the rush.  Food was great and the service was top notch. My coffee and my orange juice was never empty.  You definetly get what you pay for in portion as well.  On another note, i have stopped in here on a few different nights just to get a quick drink on the way home and the bartenders know there stuff and they don't mind entertaining.  Good times with good people, cant ask for much more.
I give the three stars because the place is beauitful inside, and different seating options is something I love to see. I was visting from out of town and was recommended to come to "Datz" for brunch. When we arrived we were told we could find something at the bar or wait. The 2nd bar was upstairs, small but nice. Our bartender/server was okay, I had never been, and the menu is extremely different, I knew I was taking my time ordering, he seemed to want me to hurry up. I went with his suggestion, and my boyfriend ordered his meal as well. I hate when people exaggerate about the food and how long it takes, but seeing as we were sitting at the bar we had our bill in a glass the minute he put our food into the computer so the time he rang the food in shows up on our bill. Literally 53 minutes later he returns with our food. Everything looked delicious, but unfortunetly I did not like my sandwhich at all. I will give it to this place all of the food that came out of the kitchen looked amazing, I was not so upset that I did not like the food, it was the fact that we had somewhere to be, and after already waiting close to an hour for the food time come out, I did not want to take the risk of waiting ANOTHER hour for something different. Server asked me what was so important that I had to rush out and not order something else, which just pushed me over the edge. My bofyriend quickly finished his food, we paid and we left.
A fabulous brunch spot!  Menu is an eclectic Southern meets Southwest meets Mexico, and some, all with interesting twists.  Johnnycakes are fluffy, light, and tasty, made even more fabulous with the addition of pulled pork and whiskey bourbon syrup.  That's a good way of starting the day.  Chicken N Waffle is jazzed up with perfectly poached eggs Benedict, sans English muffin.  Oh, those Monkey bread, hard to resist.   Red Velvet pancake with cream cheese icing is another sight to behold. Try to get a reservation if you can, or at least call ahead, and they will text you about estimated wait time as well as notify you when a table becomes available.   Don't forget to check out the market and the bakery counter that is inside the same building. They sell all sorts of vinegars and oils among other things, and properly made macarons (4.5 star). There is also an ice cream counter, only if I didn't gorge myself on brunch... Until next time I am in Tampa again.
You automatically get three stars from me if you stock Original Flag Porter or Duchesse De Bourgougne.  If your food is serviceable, you get four.  If your food is truly good, you've earned yourself a five star rating. Datz Deli is pretty damn careful about its beer and wine selection.  If you've got an aching for any style of beer from pretty much any country with a respected brewery, you're home here.  Today, I ordered a Havana Hottie (a cuban sandwich with ham, pork, cheddar cheese, honey mustard and pickles) with a cold glass of Duchesse, and the result was excellent.  The bartender, Susanna, was friendly, dedicated and knowledgeable.   The thing which earns Datz five stars in my book is their menu.  There were far too many solid options for food, beer and wine, enough that I could visit Datz daily for the next month and never have the same culinary experience.  If the food and the service was as good as it was on this visit on a busy Saturday, I might just give that month a try...
First the portions a HUGE! So don't be afraid to start off with some mac and cheese bites or a flight of bacon (yes that is right flight of bacon) or a cheese plate and share a sandwich...I mean you are going to want to save room for desert! The tomato soup is to die for...the potato soup they have is another of my favorites. Do yourself a favor and don't leave until you have had their chips (sooo addicting). But if you are like me and aware that in Tampa it is swimsuit season practically year round...get the mahi mahi tacos. The service is the best and I do so enjoy brining a good books and having a leisurely lunch on the patio...which is dog friendly. Now let's chat about brunch. Again HUGE portions. The Bacon Bloody Mary is no to be missed...NOT TO BE MISSED! ;) So go with a pal...one of you should get a breakfast sandwich or something else hearty...and then get something sweet like the Red Velvet Pancakes...share and you have the perfect meal.
Update: im still just as in-love with Datz as before! I got to try a new menu item today, the "hansel and gretel" sandwich, which consists of : ham, swiss, cigar city jai alai beer cheese piled onto a pretzel bun. GOOD GOD. It was rich and delicious, the beer cheese was the shining star though and added some sweetness to it. If you plan on wearing your new dress from Neiman Marcus, dont. It is a MESSY sandwich, I got covered in cheese. Datz you never let me down! I really feel at home there, a true foodie's paradise.
Terrific place-in town for the Gasparilla classic but wanted to totally take a side trip & was so glad I did! The service is cheerful & experienced and recommendations and explanation are spot on! The Bloody Mary is one of the best I've ever had & my husband the meatloaf & Mac & cheese afficianado was in heaven! The "fauxnuts" are also a treat! Don't miss the bistro next door with their bakery. Think this may be my après-race treat!
Wow - a friend who lives in Tampa recommended Datz to me (from out of town). One of the best recommendations I've ever received, by far. Great vegetarian options (April in Paris - brie, pesto, arugula) is not to be missed. Had the apple sage cooler to drink - if you enjoy fresh apples, ginger, and sage, you'll find that this drink should be illegal - it's that good. Service was impeccable, and Curtis deserves thanks for making the meal flawless and timely. Go eat at Datz if you're nearby - you won't regret it.
Looking for a young, urban, trendy sort of place in Tampa? Datz is your spot! Parking is incredibly limited, but there is no shortage of places to eat once inside. Bar seating, tables for two or four, larger tables or booths for 6 or more and loft seating with unique restaurant views. The staff was vibrant and energetic and the people dining here were eye candy. Seriously, beautiful people eat here!!! The host staff were so nice and somehow managed to get us a table within 10 minutes instead of the 1 hour they originally quoted us. SCORE! I had time to walk around and admire the gorgeous display of pastries and quirky interior decor during our wait. Yes, I'm a guy who loves a well themed restaurant interior and this place made me very happy :-) The vibrant atmosphere matched it's design very well. ------------ - - - - - - THE DETAILS   Date & Time: Saturday, December 29th, 2012 @ 12:30pm Dining Companions: Wife, kids and my sisters What to expect: Good place for people watching Liquid: water only Ordered: *Burger (4 stars out of 5) - $12 *Ty's Two Fister (4/5) - $12 *Migas (3.5/5) - $12 *Gelato (4.5/5) - $0.00 (free yelp check-in offer) TOTAL - $38.52   ------------ - - - - - - THE FOOD To my surprise, the only menu available this Saturday morning was the brunch menu. It wasn't really a problem since I wanted the corned beef & pastrami sandwich anyway, but they only serve house made potato chips during brunch and not french fries. I've said it in other reviews: Chips are for COLD sandwiches! I prefer hot french fries with burgers and hot sandwiches. I did my very best pleading with our server to convince the chef to make them, but I was told the kitchen had not been prepped for french fries. They do offer fries after 3pm, but it was around noon and we were starving! No worries, it is what it is and I moved on. My corn beef and pastrami sandwich came and it was terrific. Perfectly cooked and well seasoned, but not exactly as good as the Chicago corned beef I was raised loving or the NY pastrami I've had at other places. If you were raised in either of these great sandwich towns, this will be a distant second in flavor. If not, your gonna enjoy this meal. 4 stars. I shared half my sandwich with my sister in favor of her burger and it was excellent.  In the words of my sister: "The corned beef was good, but I wish I hadn't split my burger with you for it." My kids loved there burgers too. Unfortunately, with the brunch menu the burgers are also served with chips (booooh). Highly recommended (4.5 stars). My wife enjoyed something that looked like Huevos Rancheros (called Migas). Her only complaint while eating was "I wish it had just a little more flavor and a little more sauce". She rated it a 3.5 on her taste bud meter. THE VERDICT HOLD UP WAIT A MINUTE - Was that  just a plate of chunky cut golden brown hash browns I see being delivered to a table as we're leaving? Seriously? I immediately went to find our server to ask why he didn't suggest them as a replacement to the fries I was so adamant about. He admitted he just didn't think about it and I found myself a little annoyed. After all the pleading I did for french fries,  I'm actually surprised the chef himself didn't recommend them. Oh well, problem solving seems to be a lost art in this modern world. Very disappointing. Would I come back? Datz Right!   Datz fo' sho!   You can bet on Datz!   Or in plain English: I definitely would, and you can take Datz to the bank. BTW - the chips were ok, but totally forgettable in my opinion. Yelp100 [25]
Great food. I loved the salmon dish and the chicken & waffles. The food here is unique and surprising, and really, really good. Nice wait staff, pleasant ambiance.
We had dinner at Datz for the first time this past Saturday evening.  We were with 2 other couples and showed up there at 7:30 pm.  The place was busy but we only had to wait about 20 minutes for a table for 6.   I am a serious homebrewer and what you might call a beer snob and was very happy that this place had plenty of excellent beers to choose from.  In fact I was able to spend some time 'educating' my buddies that were with us by selecting several different styles and describing the brew processes and ingredients involved with each.  Any bar that has Dogfish Head Theobroma on tap (and previously had Dogfish Head Palo Santo Marron on tap) is top notch.  Not to mention an excellent selection of bottled Belgian and German beers.   As far as food, I ordered the pork chops with the summer corn medley and smashed potatoes on the side.  I ordered the pork medium well and it was cooked as ordered.  It was a tad dry but still very flavorful.  The corn medley was absolutely delicious, and the potatoes, exact words from my wife were "the best mashed potatoes I've ever had".   All-in-all it was an excellent evening.  I had two beers, my wife had a glass of wine, and we each had an entree and our tab was only $55, which is a steal in my opinion.
If you want a frou-frou breakfast that's served by inexperienced young wait-staff all plying a "we are so cool cuz we work here" vibe, this is it! I think lunch and a sandwich ain't bad, but the whole place is over-hyped. Don't let them seat you upstairs if tables are open downstairs - it's noisier, hotter, and stock is laying around destroying the ambience.  Downstairs service is superior as well. Keep wanting to like this place, but it just isn't all that.
Went for brunch Easter weekend. Knowing the place would be jammed. When we got there, we were told it would be a 25 minute wait. So we shopped their bakery market and got amazing treats to take home. And true to their word 25 minutes later we were seated. We were waited on quickly and ordered our food. I had a burger and the menu said it took 20 minutes to prepare, so be prepared to wait.....which I was. An hour passed from when we ordered and several tables beside us came and went after we ordered. We call the waiter and we asked if there was a problem. Next thimg the manager came to our table and apologzied and saud there would be no charge for the meal. The charge was not what I was worried about,,,,I was concerned we weren't gettimg our meal. It evenually came and it was fabulous. I really think this was an anomaly and I will not hold this one time against them. We will be back, because of the food and becauae I think, as I said, it was an anomaly.
Unbelievable!!! I cannot believe how this place can have so many goodies. The food is ridiculous, the desserts are gigantic... And there is not loss of quality in their quantity.... And most importantly the beer selection is awesome .... Apparently a seasonal mix.... Try anything with pumpkin, they are all delish! I love Datz!!!!
Delish! Amaze! I just found this place based on Yelp and can not get enough. The food has been consistent every time Ive been there and the service is great as well. The menu has something for every craving and the desserts are awesome as well.
Excellent restaurant. The music can be a bit too loud sometimes and makes your table vibrate a little but other than that the service is excellent. The atmosphere is great - love the dim lights. Love the newspaper menu. Also, the cheddar sriracha popcorn is so good - great complimentary substitute for bread (as other restaurants do).
This is a must-try place.  It's fun because there are lots of new cheeses, beers, and menu concotions to try.  Nothing else like it in town.  The atmosphere is excellent as are the beverage choices.  Menu is eclectic.  Great appetizers, good for gourmet-ish pub food and extra thick deli sandwiches.  Parking is the biggest issue, especially on the weekends.  Plan on walking far, take a cab or ride your bike.
The only thing I can say to describe this place is amazing! I have eaten there several times and every time I have gone, it has been awesome. The food is amazing, the atmosphere is great and this is absolutely a place that everyone should try. The staff here was some of the best staff I have had.
Wow!  Visited for the first time and was not disappointed.  Beer selection was phenomenal - not just the number of taps but the number of quality choices. Came here for a LONG lunch and could have stayed all day.  Eclectic atmosphere - part pub, part restaurant, part deli, but all good!
Datz is freakin' awesome. Brilliant combination of deli, coffee, wine, beer, brunch and entertainment. More like a market than a restaurant, but details are definitely not skipped. Franchise this!
This place is, without a shadow of a doubt, one of the best places in Tampa. It's certainly in the Top-3 of my favorites places to dine in Tampa. I can't believe it's taken me so long to write a review. I've been here several times and have loved every meal. Of the several dishes I've tried, there are two that rise to the top. Barry C's Meatloaf is one of those dishes. The meatloaf here is definitely not your mama's meatloaf. What Datz is doing is magical... it's a generous portion of housemade meatloaf that's stuffed with four-cheese bacon mac & cheese and lathered with gravy then topped with fried onion strings. The garlic mashed potatoes and bright green peas are the perfect accompaniment to the meatloaf. They're also putting a twist on the southern classic Fried Chicken & Waffles, or as they call it "Waffles n' Tweet". It's a large helping of thick boneless fried chicken strips served with Belgian waffles and sauteed spinach. But what makes this dish unique is the jalapeno infused maple syrup that's like nectar of the gods. It's a perfect balance of spicy kick with just the right amount of sweetness. Overall, Datz is one of the best restaurants helping to set  and continue raising the standard for excellent food experiences in the Tampa area. With superb food and impeccable service from the front door to the back bar, I will always look forward to eating here and hope to make time for it on my next visit to Tampa. So whether you're coming for Brunch or Dinner, expect a delicious bite from start to finish.
Datz is all over the place.  I'd say Ive eaten here close to 10 times and sometimes its the best meal youll get in tampa, other times its mediocre.   The mac bites and reuben are my favorite dishes on the menu.  Some of the entrees leave a bit to be desired, I usually stick with the sandwiches. The worst meal I had was the last time I went.  Got the individual portion of the bone marrow, pretty expensive at $7.50 for one bone, and it was completely burnt to hell.  Brutally overcooked.  Unfortunate because the first time I had it there it was great.  Got the hansel and gretel and the pretzel bread was sopping wet by the time it got to my table.  Guess it sat under a heat lamp for a bit too long before it got to my table. Sounds like im bashing this place a lot but I have fairly high expectations when I go there.  As ai mentioned, its usually one of the better meals in tampa (and well priced), but our most recent trip left a sour taste.  We'll definitely return and are hopeful for a better meal next time.
When Datz opened it was the toast of Tampa with creative and casual breakfast and lunch dishes. The past 5 times I've gone there, something's gone wrong either with the kitchen or the service being bad. It took them an hour to make 1 omelette, my turkey sandwich was rubbery, I had to race waiters down for refills of drinks, etc. They've also changed their menu since it opened and I like it much less. They need to get it together and return to their former quality.
Selections were great, and interesting too.  I am looking forward to another visit some day.  So, you ask, why only three stars? My food was bland.  I started with the chicken skins which just aren't as good as home.  They were basically tasteless and under seasoned.  The sauce that accompanied them was ok, though a bit too sweet, and sure tasted like it came from a bottle.  That's a sure-fire way to kill a fresh tasting meal. I had some chicken dish like italian parmesan on a mexican style rice that was also devoid of personality.  It was well cooked and presentation was nice, but I come to EAT! My son had a ham sandwich on a pretzel roll that was by far the best thing we ordered, and my wife had chicken and waffles with which she was satisfied. One major gripe:  at $12 for a glass of wine the first pour we got was unacceptably light. Maybe half of what it should be.  When we mentioned it to the waitress the second was better, but that still means they stuck me for $6.
heard so much about this place from everyone.  I thought to go and try it with my friend.  Location is nice and the presentation of the desserts and other products is inviting. The food was not that great.  From what I heard it should have blown me away and I was left unimpressed.  In fact my friend and I may have gotten food poisoning from the food.  Usually, I am not so harsh on a place, but I expected way more than I got from Datz.
Everything was good. Pretzels bites were fantastic. We also had the waffles and tweet, which was good with the syrup, and their take on shrimp and grits; yum.
Very unique restaurant in south Tampa. Parking was a bit of a challenge but I knew that'd be the case. We only had to wait about 10 minutes to get a table. The menu is large. I seriously struggled trying to decide what I wanted to order. It was between one thing and another, and then another, and it just all sounded so good. They also have a large selection of beers. The service was pleasant and it did take a while for the food to come out, which was fine. I got a side of mac and cheese, which I was somewhat disappointed in. I'm looking forward to a return visit for brunch!
Datz was love at first sight. Have dined there twice and only wish I lived closer to Tampa to experience it more often. Having lived in Michigan, I was very fond of Zingerman's Deli in in Ann Arbor. Datz is the closest thing to that I have found. Their sandwiches are tastefully put together. There isn't a single option in their menu I wouldn't want to try. The homemade sea salt potato chips are addictive. The Iron Skillet burger is the best I have had in Florida. I'm salivating as I think about it. I'm sure my next visit in the Tampa area might only be based on visiting Datz.
Food here is great. The wait can be very long.
Everyone raves about this place but the service was horrible. The server was not attentive, slow with an empty section just talking. Made an excuse for not having something then brought it out for a nearby table that I actually knew the people. An omelet and oatmeal took almost an hour. Safe to say I won't bring my out of town visitors here.
Not going back. Good lord, where do I start? A parking lot with spaces large enough for smart cars, only. Hostess stand got my cell# wrong so they never let me know my table was ready Sat at a shitty little table upstairs, with the seat covered in crumbs until I asked the server to wipe it down Iced tea with no ice...? Slow service ( does it take 15 minutes to scoop gelato??? ) Overpriced food - my shrimp poboy sandwich was $13 and had a whopping 5 shrimp on it!  (see photo I posted here) I see raves here about ambience but found it nothing special. The capper for me was the diners at the next table had a shaky table and managed to dump an entire beer on the floor, my table, and leg. Awesome. We finally got out of there 2 hours after we arrived, what a surprise, my car had new paint on it and I had to back out of the space so my husband could get in the car. The only positive here is our server, while lacking any sense of urgency, was very friendly and accommodating. Also, the mac & cheese was stellar. All in all, don't bother stopping here.
Highs and Lows... We visited Datz on a Saturday morning at 8:45 for breakfast. The restaurant was not busy at all, but over the course of our 90 minutes of dining it livened up quite a bit. We were immediately impressed by the atmosphere, which was relaxed yet refined. There is a lot going on at this place, which is probably why their menu is literally a newspaper: the "datz daily." It's a little overwhelming as a first timer, but I can imagine that a regular would appreciate the variety and continual menu innovation. The highs: Attentive, personable, and knowledgable server. Goose (yes, like Mavericks wingman) was patient, answered plenty of questions, and was quick on the refills. Atmosphere. We sat inside, which was beautifully designed and decorated. These guys nailed it here. Monkey bread. A great start to our breakfast. We shared a small portion and it was the perfect teaser. Nueske's applewood smoked bacon. Nough said. The lows: Quantity over quality. My friend ordered the Eggs Barbacoa which looked like a giant mound of slop. I was a little grossed out watching him eat it. Out of politeness I accepted a bland bite of the dish. I wish I hadn't. I ordered the Hangover, which was good, but nothing to write home about Drip, drip. The a/c duct above our table was dripping condensation onto our table, food, drink... important paperwork. Frozen macaroons? After breakfast we ventured downstairs to check out the dessert display. My friend settled on taking home an assortment of macaroons. Upon boxing them up, the server cautioned him that they were still frozen and to be careful so as to not break a tooth. My friend must have had a puzzled look on his face, because the server added that they were frozen for freshness. Huh? All in all, I would go back to try lunch or dinner or one of the other many things they have going on.
Great beer, wine, and cocktail selection. I've come quite a few times for birthdays, and they've always been very accommodating. They're also great for brunch. I love their sandwiches and brunch options. They all come with their fun homemade chips. I also like their appetizers which are great for sharing  with special love for the truffle fries and flatbreads. I had the shrimp and grits once. It was kind of bland. I would not recommend it.
II really want to give this place a glowing review! But I can't. They did so many things right, from the amazing concoctions on the menu, to the awesome layout of the restaurant, and the originality of their dessert and cheese retail section. I really liked so much about it. BUT the one thing that either makes or breaks an experience for me is the service. I love people who LOVE to be in the service industry. If you don't like people, I suggest you find another job. Our waiter wasn't friendly or helpful, and he acted like we were a burden to him by being there. For brunch, we ordered the Monkey Bread to start which was great! A perfect app for sharing but it's really sweet so make sure you're in the mood for that. I had the omelet which didn't have much flavor to it. I wanted to try the red velvet pancakes which I'll go for next time. The potatoes were great though and everyone else was pleased with their meal. I'll definitely be back to try it again, I just hope I get a better server next time. I have a feeling this place could be a gem.
The food is fantastic and the portions are large.  The wait staff is attentive but the place is a little pricey, but not ridiculous.  Their breakfasts are phenomenal and their sandwiches are top notch.  It is definitely worth trying this restaurant.
My goal was to dispel  any negative reviews but our breakfast was not  able to do that. I will start positive. After not being able to find parking on a different weekend, turns out 8:30 on a Saturday works for no wait.  Cold brew ice coffee good so was the regular cofee.  That's how we roll cinnamon bun good, could use more bacon. Ordered pastrami benedict, not presented as described.  When pointed out, informed the menu is wrong-really?  Also ordered hot digit dog, sausage to bread ratio way off.  Could be great with the syrup as described in menu we didn't get plus more sausage and addl. Peppers and onions. Our sever was not very attentive and food not that hot when it arrived.  Will not be returning.
Grade C Gastro pub style menu that's a bit pricey. I had a chicken pot pie which was not good. The crust was tough with little flavor and the filling was also bland for $17 it was a major let down. The wine prices are a bit misleading too. The $5 price is for a smaller glass although it was not offered and I paid $10 without explanation.  Other diners had sandwiches that looked good and are probably a better choice. Although for the prices charged I doubt I will return to try them. The atmosphere is pleasant and the service was fairly efficient. It seemed to me to be more of a place to be seen than one that actually has good food.
This place is ridiculous. For some reason I was under the impression Datz was going to be more of a deli, so much to my surprise the dining experience was awesome. There was a short wait for a table, so we ended up eating at the bar which meant walking by the dessert section of the restaurant and our eyes went wide as we took in the sites of gelato, fine chocolates, cakes and creative sweets. We ordered the Havana Hottie and Babealicious sandwiches, highly recommended! And I of course had strawberry chocolate gelato. Hard to go wrong, may want to get there a little early if you are starving but I would say well worth the wait!
Asked our son for a recommendation when we were driving to Tallahassee from Venice and this is where he sent us - terrific! Parking is definitely an issue but we managed to squeeze into a spot behind the restaurant. I had the Eggs Barbacoa (as they say, "breakfast for lunch") and Carol had the Cedar Plank Shimburger. Both were excellent and I want to go back again and again to sample the rest of the menu. The beer selection is above average and the prices are not cheap, but I feel that the quantity and quality of the food measures up nicely.
The only thing you need to know about this place is the Truffel Fries. Just heading to the bar for a drink? Get the fries. Popping in for dessert? Side of fries. On a first date? If she orders the fries you've got a keeper. Seriously, they are that good. The rest of the menu is pretty great too. And the atmosphere is fun. Great spot for a date night.
I absolutely loved this place. Such a great atmosphere and great food! I went with one of my best friends and we felt so comfortable. I am a vegetarian and there were great options for me. I had the pumpkin pancakes (seasonal) and my friend had the Johnny cakes, both I would highly recommend. Next time I am in Tampa I will definitely be visiting again. Our server was not the best (China) but the server for the table next to us was very helpful and knowledgeable (A.J)
I hate to do this but hopefully it will put some fire on their butts. I used to be a regular at datz, eating there at least once or twice a week and attending events. Over the years I've just noticed such a decline in their quality. Unfortunately, chef Andy can't control everything it seems. I have recently left that army and was really excited to give datz another chance. I went with my wife and friends last Sunday for brunch and it seems nothing has changed. On a good note, our monkey break was amazing! But on the flip-side, my wife and I had an below average meal. I ordered eggs Barbacoa and they were lacking flavor and any depth. The "New Mexico red chile sauce" tasted more like Taco Bell enchilada sauce and the entire meal lacked any real depth of flavor. My wife had a sandwich and she said it was decent but her accompanying chips were soggy and didn't remind us about the old datz chips which were like crack. Also, our waiter was inattentive and seemed to be bothered by us. Not welcoming at all Again, it seems the limelight has taken a hit on their quality. I'm willing to give them another chance but If we get another subpar meal we will not return.
Went here for lunch because it was recommended, and honestly it was INCREDIBLE. such a wide variety of selections ranging from the food all the way to beer. Exceptional!
Sadly Datz has become a victim of its own lack of customer service.  Long story short my wife and I went there with reservations through opentable.  When we walked up to the hostess to inform her of our reservation she said "No you don't".  We were surprised by how annoyed she seemed and explained to her we did, in fact have a reservation and she persisted in her unfriendly behavior.We actually pulled out our smartphone and showed her our reservation and she didn't even apologize and was extremely rude.  To that end the other hostess accommodated us but it was more out of obligation than desire to make us happy.  That scenario ruined our meal and has made us adamant about not only not returning but also ensuring our experience was shared so that the power of consumer choice plays out in favor of other establishments that are more dedicated to treating their patrons with respect.  After the fact we sent the management an honest and fairly worded e-mail about our experience and received no response so, quite honestly, if you want a decent meal then this is a choice but if you want a decent meal with better customer service perhaps you may think of the many other great restaurants Tampa has to offer...
Awesome place. The waffles n tweet is delicious and the carrot cake is to die for. Make sure you try breakfast as well in the morning.
Came here on a Saturday night and we had an awful experience. Been to Datz 4 times now over the last 2 years and it has always been a pick when we come to Tampa. Unfortunately, this restaurant is no longer what it used to be. We called ahead for a table and only waited about 15 minutes once we arrived, not bad for a Saturday night. Once seated we were greeted within about 5 minutes by Jeff who brought us 2 waters. He briefly welcomed us, asked us if we had been before and then made some comments that had us scratching our heads, like explaining that some alcohol on their bar menu is seasonal and not available and when we asked if they changed their menu he said yes about 6 months ago and "that's how we do it here". We told Jeff we would take a sec to look over the drink list. He disappeared for over 10 min. He got a 5 top greeted, drinks and an app before coming back. We gave him our drink, app, and entree order when he returned. Drinks arrived 5 min later. App 10 minutes after that but not before being brought to the wrong table of 5 behind us first. Before the runner could bring share plates back for our app the entrees arrived. They offered to take back to the kitchen and we refused. Food was good but not great. Moscow mule my wife ordered came in a glass instead of a copper mug because "guest steal them" and the second mule ordered didn't even have a garnish. We were given free app and dessert card by our server Jeff for his screw up which he blamed on the kitchen, no manager came by to apologize. We didn't take the cards with us because we don't plan on coming back. Although I don't like the direction the menu has gone and the overall reaction I got in the early days, this visit was spoiled by the poor service. While Jeff was processing our check I could see him eating food and licking his fingers in the side station and then wiping them on his jeans. The Datz team deserves a better representative of their restaurant then Jeff. We won't be coming back!
great place.  first time here and glad we tried it.  i had the rogers rockin rueben and enjoyed it.  the other sandwiches ordered at the table were also very good.  i do wish they served fries with their sandwiches instead of chips.  prices were a bit high but good for the quality and portion size.  they bake the bread for their sandwiches and we enjoyed it.  also a good vibe and atmosphere. their bakery next door has some yummy sweets worth trying..
Love this place! Great service, great food!
The food was amazing an the atmosphere was too. great beer list and bakery too who could ask for more.
This is the kind of place I'd expect to see in a big metro area like Chicago, and here it is tucked away in Tampa Bay.  Down to the smallest details, like wine rack chandeliers, beer tap walls, and a menu formatted like a commuter paper, this place oozes cool and the food rises to the occasion.  There was a 30 min. wait (and now I know why), but I didn't mind at all because they text you when you're table is ready, and even give you the option to text-in during your wait for an update on your time estimate.  We just sat at the bar, and by the time I made it through a delicious cucumber cocktail, our table was ready.  We ordered their signature poutine, which was awesome, but I wanted to order every app on the menu.  For dinner, I had the April in Paris sandwich, which is kind of like a caprese, but with BRIE!  It came with homemade sweet and salty chips, drizzled with blue cheese.  Yum.  My boyfriend loved his bacon-mac-and-cheese-stuffed meatloaf with garlic mashed potatoes, and had enough leftover for lunch the next day.  Throughout the meal, the server came and sat next to us, offering up his faves and checking on our drinks.  Just a great night out.
For a saturday afternoon, we didn't have to wait too long for a table for two.  It was hard narrowing down our choices for lunch.  We shared a small order of the monkey bread to whet our appetites.  It's a good thing we didn't order the large - delicious!  I was going to try the brioche french toast, but opted for a reuben.  A person at the table next to me ordered the french toast and I was sad I hadn't ordered it because it smelled amazing!  The reuben was good though - it had a good amount of pastrami and their homemade rye was perfect with it.  My friend was going to order the mimosa pancakes, but ordered a sandwich as well (sorry, I can't remember what she had!)  Either way, our plates were close to clean, save a few of their homemade chips. We didn't have any room for dessert - but there is no doubt we'll be back to try more of their goodies! You might get something free if you remember to check in here!  :)
Ate here for dinner with my husband. We went at 9:30pm and had about a 20 minute wait, but didn't have any trouble parking. The best part was the giant Butterfinger Brownie we shared for dessert!
Went with a very large group. One server for 20 of us, he needed help.Drinks took forever to get refilled, this sucks when drinking iced tea. Food took forever to come out, chips were sweet, didn't like them at all, wasn't offered another choice. Soup was watery even though it was said to be a cheese. While the sandwich tasted good, i had the worlds smallest tomato on a tomato, mozzarella and basil sandwich. Have heard brush is good, might try it again sometime with just me and the hubby.
Never a bad meal.  Great beer and wine selections.
Datz was once a good place in the early days to get lunch or dinner.  Today it mostly lives on its popularity. This is definitely not a place for a vegetarian. Most of their food is bland diner food consisting of potato chips as a complementing side dish with most entrees.  I have been disappointed more than once eating here and will never return again.  The food is overpriced and the service is average. If you want good food skip this place.
First time here and won't be my last! The food was great and the waiter I had was super friendly. He was more than happy to give his input and help explain a few items on the menu. I definitely recommend it if you're in the area.
Datz rocks, great brunch, great lunch, great dinner, just great all around, however the wait for dinner or brunch on weekends can be long so if just 1 or 2 people you should head to the bar.  Also, have been blocked in their parking lot during busy times but not really their fault I suppose.
Great ambiance, wines and salads! Velvet cake it;s awesome! Love to go for dinner just chill with a great wine.
Delightful lunch. So many interesting things to look at while waiting for our meal to be served. Pretzel Bites and Macaroni Bites were really yummy. Ruben was okay...I like mine grilled a bit more so the cheese is melted a bit. Daughter likes her burger. Our meals came with homemade chips that were delicious. Our eyes were bigger than our stomaches and there was plenty of everything to take home. We will go back.
Fantastic service and food!  Had a awesome lunch everything for DATZ is fresh to order and served such!  Big portions come hungry too!. Definitely plan to come back here again. Had also gotten a free donut next store at dough and they were exquisite to look at and tasty!  Fresh gelato and specialty coffees also were offered.
OK I have been here for both breakfast and dinner. IMHO I'm fond of this deli.  I'm a big fan of Sunrise over Graceland....amazing, and will totally get you a red card from fit camp. Their sandwiches were huge, and thought the food was amazing. Service was on point, so I can't complain about that. I agree with Pamela  on the crowd, not so big on that, but I don't go to a restaurant to hang out with people and chat it up, I go to eat, and eat I do(man that makes me sound like such a fat ass)! Seriously, this place blows daily eats out of the water for breakfast and the service is 1 million times better. Not only that but they have a pretty awesome Patisserie, and shopping area.
amazing sandwiches, and great atmosphere...the only negative thing about it is the parking....on the weekends it's impossible to get a spot and I've had to just leave a couple of times because there was no where to park without getting a ticket.
Always a pleasure eating here. In a very good quality selection of craft beers and spirits. What I had tonight was the "Caroline on my mind". The only reason I didn't give it five stars was because my side of mashed potatoes came cold and the service was slow. This was a usual Friday night. It was a 55 minute wait for us. It's worth the wait though!
Great local sandwich shop that has all the greats... beer, cheese, and good food twists.  I enjoyed the curried chicken and recommend highly.  I'm an out of towner but have gone when I am in town for the local feel.
My only regret is not having spent a few more days in Tampa, as it would've presented itself as an excuse to dine at Datz several more times! Me and my girlfriend spent the weekend in Tampa and received countless suggestions to eat at Datz's; needless to say they were well warranted. Upon entering the premise one might experience a sensory overload. This is not your average gastro-pub. This "neu-American" layout inspires nostalgia while delivering a modern, hip, kick. It is a two story, inside/outside restaurant, which also recently bought the bakery next door, thus ensuring quality, fresh baked goods. The shelves and walls are stocked with preserves, box mixes, sweets, and liquors; all of which are available for purchase. The atmosphere is an A+, and the food was right on par as well. We started by ordering the Datzcho Nacho's, which consisted of sweet&spicy house made potato chips, sour cream, cheese, chili, jalapeno and scallions. Nacho average Nachos to be sure. A glance at their cocktail and drink list made for an easy selection at 11 am, and i quickly had one of the most delicious Bloody Mary's in front of me..with bacon. More specifically: Nueskes bacon. Both my girlfriend and myself ordered the Chicken and Waffles Benedict (as neither of us would ever go to waffle house and eat that meal anywhere else). Impressed again; the eggs were poached perfectly, and the hollandaise was delicious. The chicken had a great breading and was not overly fried. We left feeling satisfied, impressed, and most importantly: stuffed.
I went to Datz for the first time.   LOVED it! The atmosphere,  the menu, the decor!! I highly recommend it!
Wow!  This place is really, really great.  Please do yourself a favor and go here if you are in the area.  There is a great beer and wine selection and delicious food!
YUM. amazing selections of food and beer. their instagram tagline "for foodies" is very true. i've never had anything at data that wasn't super good. parking is kind of a mess because they are usually slammed. i don't even try to go sunday mornings anymore - but there's not much they can about the parking, they already have an extra lot. #southtampaproblems  it's definitely worth checking out - great for larger groups - we went with about 15 people, and we've also been with just a few people and it's always been great. they have a little store that sells cool things for at home cooking and it's not a chain, which always makes me happy.
I like the look and feel of Datz.  It's casual and trendy, perhaps a little upscale.  Datz has been on one of the Food Network shows.   My aunt brought me here with my cousins for dinner last night.    I ordered the corned beef & pastrami sandwich (i.e. Ty's Two Fister) with chips.  I also had a single IPA beer.  I don't recall the beer maker but they have a pretty big selection of craft beers. I enjoyed myself and would go again.
I really enjoyed the food at Datz. We had to try the Black Truffle Fries! Never thought I would say this but the fries were slightly over-cooked, making half of  the fries emtpy crunchy shells. Truffle flavor was good, nicely seasoned and served with an outstanding herb aioli. The Baha fish tacos were very simple with some taco slaw (raw cabbage) and jalapeno and lime crema. The crema was lacking in flavor as I did not get any heat or lime flavor from it. Served with a half lime and a little sriracha on the side it was an okay dish but it needed something more, especially for the $16 price point. We also tried the Havana Hottie sandwich (Datz's Cuban) and it was excellent! Served with a hot honeycup mustard that wins my condiment of the year award already! I would go back just for the mustard. Also included some crunchy sweet and salty chips drizzled with creamy blue cheese and some green onions that were perfect! For drinks, we tried the EBERSON'S OLD FASHIONED. The bourbon was very strong but an enjoyable drink for bourbon lovers. It did not have the candied bacon, which was a big reason we got the drink. We also tried the Spa-ahhhh water drink that had some good gin. This drink had a better balance and was very refreshing! They have a great drink selection including craft beers and wines. The restaurant has a trendy and hip vibe and we liked the decor. We arrived about a half hour before closing time and service was horrible. Forgotten drinks, long wait times, received appetizer after we got our entrees, etc. Since they did serve us near closing we will write off the service and give a 4 for the food and atmosphere.
maybe a wrong order choice- unique and orginial concepts for food combos, but spare me - chowed into the po' boy sandwich - breaded fried shrimp on oversized sour dough bread- 3 pieces of fresh for one half, though smaller then life shrimp on why to much bread- ratio of 'sandwich freakin stuffer' 2 bread size is key- all bread no shrimp inside baby- try something else next time fo' reel'
Once again, Datz wows me with their delicious fare. I ordered High on the Hog, which is pulled pork, bacon and apple butter sandwich. I felt it needed a little something. The server offered me the spicy mustard based bbq sauce, which took this sandwich to whole new place. If you have ever been to Datz, you know how big the sandwiches are. This sandwich was so good, I ate the whole thing right then and there. Keep up the great work, Datz!
Another restaurant I had to try based on all the hype and the great reviews. I am happy to say that I am a fan. This place is busy. Is it the fact that knowing that it was filmed for Travel Channel, or is it just good. The menu is quite different than many. A lot of times when picking out something to eat, I try to think of something I can not make at home. They have that here.  There was quite a line, but it did not take long to get seated. Probably, because we wanted to sit outside on a hot sunny early Sunday. You know what makes it perfect though, curtains on the patio, and misting fans.  How great is that.  Also, that is the place where we can bring our dog. You know that makes us happy. Inside you will a bunch of different things going on.  There is a bar if you would like to hang out there. There is an area for pastries and chocolates, a gelato area, and an area for wine. That does not include the different booths and tables inside. It's definitely a cute modern place to enjoy a meal. I ordered the The Hangover  - two pieces of sourdough bread grilled with over-easy eggs in the hole, melted parmesan cheese and served with hot sauce, breakfast potatoes and your choice of nueske's applewood smoked bacon, broadbent Kentucky sausage or datz ham The plate was a really good size. The potatoes that come with it are so good too. My husband ordered the Breakfast Flatbread -  crispy flatbread topped with broadbent Kentucky sausage, nueske's bacon, mozzarella, red onion, scrambled eggs, hollandaise sauce and diced tomatoes.  That was okay. It did not seem to have much on it. I still very much like the place and look forward to trying more food. I most say that the gelato hit the spot. You get 3 scoops free when you check in through yelp.   When you come here, you will see that there are so many different types of options. You most likely may not have heard about them, or it may hard to picture. Make sure to check out the yelp pictures, there are so many and that was very helpful. When I come back, I want to try the Eggs Barbacoa & the Migas. Now again, this place is crowded, so there are a few different areas to park, and a couple of them are not in front of the restaurant, but that is okay. Also, again, lines seem long but they fly, so don't worry about that.  Lastly, I marked it down to 3 stars just bc my particular server was just okay. He was not very detailed, or helpful in terms of the menu. But I will surely be back.
Datz has a great bar area.  Talk to Travis the Cheese master.  The food here is fantastic.  The meatloaf, homemade chips.  Wow!
Have never been here and been disappointed.  They need to get a second location to help with the wait though!  My favs are the Ruben sub the slaw for the sauerkraut, the chick n waffles... Actually every thing is good here.  Drinks are on point too with a good selection of beers and full liquor bar.
There are always an array of interesting desserts - the portions are HUGE!  You just can't look, you gotta get something.  The carrot cake has REAL gold (flakes).  And it's nice to go just for dessert because the portions are so big, you can get a HUGE cup o java and a piece of cake - 3 or 4 people could really eat off of it.....but you don't want to share....keep it for yourself and say MMMmmmmm.  Makes you happy.
First of all don't try to go there on a Friday night!  The staff was too busy to care that we couldn't even get a glass of wine.  There were four in our party.  Two beers, one glass of wine and two sandwiches were ordered.  First beer came after a 30 minute wait, 2nd beer 15 minutes later, wine NEVER showed up.  First couple's food came and when they were done, our food appeared.   We had them take the wine off the order since it never came and we were already done eating.  No one in management even came over to apologize.  Food was okay but way too expensive.  $20 for one warm beer and one sandwich, that we shared.  Won't be going back here anytime soon.  The only positive I can give is that I thought they did a nice job of decorating the place!
I feel it's almost sacrilegious to not give this place five stars, but we've been here a couple times and each time the food is just okay.  We've tried a number of items too as I like to sample the menu. The best experience has been brunch on Sunday.  Delicious! The dinner menu is okay.  The nacho plate is massive and reminds me a little of Munchies 420 the way it's overpowered by salt from the cheese and potatoes. It's super heavy and gluttonous like their (420's) menu items too. The crab cakes were very fishy with awful dipping sauces.  Sandwiches were average, no complaints. The place is cool though and has great energy.
The food is so outstanding - really unique offerings and high quality - yes it is a little expensive and the service isn't really that fast, but you will stuff yourself silly and want to come back and try everything on the menu.
Food is decent, definitely not amazing, and service is ok. Yes, it's not a chain and it amazes me how Yelpers will actually compliment a place for that in spite of mediocrity or give it false excellence. There's a reason why chains become chains but whatever.  I have been more than once and can definitely say nothing I've eaten has made me want to keep going back for more of it but nothing was bad either. Service was consistently average--never great, never awful. Concept and options make this place interesting but the execution could use some work .
Went for lunch here with some girlfriends and we loved it..the birds of a feather sandwich was delicious and we just loved the chips as well. Ambience was just right..
Their Sunday Brunch was horrible. Way overpriced and people had to wait forever to get the cold food. Dinner However was great. So ill put this right in between.
After a long much anticipated wait I finally got the chance to try Datz.  I took my 21 year old daughter along.  She appreciated the long list of specialty beer available.  We tried the special lobster bisque, good, but not special.  On the hostesses recommendation we tried the pretzel bites appetizer.  They were good enough for us not to send back but so salty we had to scrap off all the extra salt just to be able to eat them.  And don't expect any special dipping sauce, it's just spicy mustard.  I chose the shrimp and oyster meal, again the shrimp were too salty, I peeled off the breading so I could fully enjoy them.  Again, sauce on the side straight out of a jar.  The oysters where fine.  My meal was served with enough french fries to feed a family of 4!  I ate 1, nothing special.  My daughter had the April in Paris sandwich, she said it was good but honestly I forgot to ask her to elaborate.  I might give it another try if I lived closer but I will not go out of my way to go back.
Update!  So I FINALLY made it to Datz to actually eat there.  I have to say this is now one of my favorite places in Tampa Bay! We went for brunch so I didn't get to order some things I've seen on their dinner menu (truffle fries which are amazing!!), but their homemade chips with blue cheese drizzle, I cldve just eaten that they were so good.  We had mac'n'cheese bites and I got a turkey with bacon sandwich.  For dessert I tried the Oreos.  If you haven't yet, you gotta get there.  But make sure you RSVP because no matter the time or day, this place is super busy & guaranteed a wait.  Mmmm I want Datz now.....soo...good...(puddle).  Oh!  And our waitress was awesome!!
Datz offered a brunch menu that could easily satisfy a foodie such as myself.  Where else in town could you get breakfast poutine (home fries, with gravy, cheddar cheese curds, and a fried egg), deep fried mac 'n cheese balls (with bacon and jalapeno), and monkey bread (similar to a cinnamon roll) on the same menu?  Oh, yes - I'm happy.  I like how Datz isn't afraid to reinvent familiar foods - that is to say to give familiar foods a creative new twist.  Very interesting indeed.  I can't help but wonder... if brunch was that good, what does their dinner menu look like?  That could be very dangerous for my waistline.
this place is southern cooking meets new american. i came in alone to try a few bites because ive been hearing about this place forever. i ordered some corn fritters with jalapeno maple syrup which were good but kind of boring. they were missing something a punch of flavor in the batter. the maple syrup was not jalapeño-y enough and a bit too sweet. still, it was good, but at $8, I thought it was a little high for what it was. i also ordered the figtastic flatbread which had sliced fig, asian pear, roasted red onion, blue cheese and baby arugula. i had them add bacon because although it sounded good, it sounded even better with bacon. at $11, i thought it was fair. and it was really good. i would definitely go back to try a few more dishes. its unfair for me to judge this restaurant based on having had only two appetizers off of the menu. i would recommend this restaurant though. the service was great and pleasant.
Very busy, but worth the wait if you want something out of the ordinary. Like nutella French toast. Try Dough next door for doughnuts . Oreo donit is phenomenal!
After hearing great recommendations we finally went for brunch.  Upon arrive we are told wait would be 35 minutes....over 2 hours later (and $100 at the bar) we finally inquired about our table since we saw numerous tables opening up with no one setting at them. The male receptionist, with a bad attitude, told us that we had others in front of us...it was only after we insisted they check our "text" reservation that another young lady (very nice) told us they in fact had a table ready for us! it doesn't take a genius to know that empty tables mean lost income.  Bottom line...the text messaging system you use is trash!  You should consider trying a better program!!!  Overall food was good, but not fantastic or worth the 2 hour wait.
Datz Datz, are you a deli,an eatery, a wine and beer bar, a local hub of entertainment and education? Yes you are all those things. Do you do all those things well? Wellll, sometimes. There are classes about the wines and cheeses. There is music and events. You can even buy any of the meats and cheeses from the deli case but it is far better to try them in a sandwich: a large very fulfilling sandwich. The chicken is pretty bland but the deli meats were a bit more what I was looking for. The Jewish rye bread is killer.  There is an extensive list of beers and wines which the servers are knowledgeable about.  And once you drink a few of those said alcoholic beverages you may not care that your server has abandoned you and forgotten your order. You may not care that they didn't give you all the things that were supposed to come with your sandwich.  Or that the people who came in after you already are eating while you are still drinking your delicious beer with nary a food morsel in sight.
Advice: Hit this place on a WEEKDAY/OFF-HOUR or you might be temped to write a bad review starting your first sentence with "so there I was, waiting in line for the 45th minute, starving!"  I almost did the first time around but decided to come back later. This place is awesome, seated quickly and drinks out promptly.  You know your waitress is great when she refills your glass and puts a fresh lemon on EVERY refill (4 total).  Food was outstanding.   I can't say enough about the service.  I couldn't finish my giant reuben and when I ordered I made a special request for extra Russian dressing, my waitress made the extra effort to send me home with a side of Russian for my other half!  Kudos. When it's busy you might not get the same super awesome service but it is nice to know that when the place is dead (post-lunchtime rush) and the staff could relax...they didn't and still offered high class service.
Datz is great! The atmosphere is very nice and the food is wonderful! I got the toast of the town, which was Datz's homemade bread with chocolate and cinnamon pecans. There was also whipped cream with raspberry on the side. All the flavors combined together were magnificent. I got turkey bacon with my meal. I don't know if it's because I haven't had turkey bacon in a while, but that was the best turkey bacon I've ever had. It was so good along with the flavorful french toast. My dad got the Vinny's Brisket Philly and I stole some of it. The meat was very tender and the bread was outstanding. We didn't get a chance to look around their bakery. I will definitely be going back and checking out the bakery next time.
Ok, this was just yesterday...but we will try later in the week and update the review.
What can I say about Datz...they love bacon as much as I do. Last time I went in I took (my own invention) what I like to call the bacon tour. I had their bacon flite appetizer, Uptown BLT, and then walked next door to Datz Dough for a Maple Bacon Donut. I highly suggest the unofficial bacon tour. Follow my lead, I won't steer you long.
Havanna Hottie April in Paris Thai Sticky Wings These are just a few of my all time favorites but the list could definitely go on! Great Atmosphere! My only wish was that they would open another to stay small and quaint but less crowded for brunch on the weekends... intro to Datz Dough!
Datz is (hopefully) going to be one of those South Tampa staples. Food is excellent and quality seems great. Dining room can seem a little cramped, especially if you're with a large party (be prepared to be bumped into a few times, usually). Prices are a little high at first glance, but for the amount of food you receive, its worth it. Also nice that they do a lot of charity events around town. Regardless, be sure to try the mac & cheese!
The food was great but the service was lacking. The place didn't live up to the hype. Good food but not planning on making it a usual stop.
Absolutely adore this place. Bigger fan of the dinner than the breakfast, but all adds up to make this my favorite local restaurant. Love the wedge salad, especially how it's cut up to make chowing down much easier than most wedges! The open faced lasagna is out of this world, as is the fresh mozzarella sandwich. The cheese plates are ridiculous-- awesome choices! The homemade chips are great- may be better without the sauce atop. All of the appetizers are great, and the specials are usually the best of the selections on the menu-- except the chicken and waffles-- they are a MUST!!! The best combo of sweet & savory w/amazing sauces.... To die for!!! The breakfast could use some work... The entire menu has been reworked from the time this gem opened until today, and I'm surprised they haven't changed these options. My boyfriend adores the monkey bread (a bit too sweet for my liking). The breakfast club is good, but too much bread, and the Brie bardot is usually my choice, but the roll is a bit sweet when combined with the Brie, so I generally substitute the Brie for cheddar to make it a bit more savory. Definitely choose the fruit over the potatoes on the side-- potatoes are nothing special and not worth the calories. Wish the lox sandwich was better-- always my choice on a menu, but not in love with the cream cheese selection, and the lox is a little heavy-- perhaps if it were sliced thinner? Now back to the good stuff-- Amazing draft/craft beer selection- adore the cute bar areas (two-- one upstairs and one downstairs). Love the wine room with its very own sommelier- so unexpected for such a small local restaurant! :) Great selection of specialty items for purchase, awesome deals on group on all of the time, and great events! Love this place-- just wish it had a larger outdoor area, an improved breakfast selection, lower volumed live music... But if those are the worst I can say about a restaurant, that says a lot about the quality. A must try if you live in Tampa, or are just visiting!
Was in town with business associates and Yelp'd a dinner location.  The reviews and menu looked promising and Datz did not disappoint. Our party of three was very happy with our meals (Korean Ribeye, Fish and Chips and Fish Tacos) along with the Mac and Cheese bites appetizer. Ambience was excellent, service was excellent and I would definitely return if I'm in the area in the future
So I've been here twice now and have failed to write a review.  The atmosphere is nice, not too quiet and not too loud.  Staffing is nice, no attitudes, pretty prompt on overall service. I do recommend if you have more than 2 in your party to call ahead to see if there will be a wait time.  You can keep the menus if you want, I'm not sure if they change or not, but they are printed on newspaper.   The only thing I've order from Datz is the meatloaf stuffed with macaroni (yummy) and the buffalo chicken finger sandwich (pretty good).  All sandwiches come with homemade chips.
This is my favorite breakfast place in Tampa! The atmosphere is really cool and the staff is always helpful. They have a pretty varied menu. Their pancakes are the biggest serving of anywhere I have ever been. Honestly, it's too much! I always get the Popeyes breakfast sandwich. The roll it is on is so so tasty. It practically melts in your mouth. They have a pretty kickin Bloody Mary, but it comes to $10, which is a little steep. Like I said, love Datz for breakfast, but I think they are a little overpriced for dinner. It is pretty much feel good food, and for that, I think it's too pricy. They also rarely have drink specials, which is kind of a drawback. They have a crazy dessert case, and have so many tasty treats! It's a fun place to go with a group of friends late night for coffee and dessert too!
large menu with a eclectic beer selection. even a cheese section. the sandwiches are huge. plenty of seating upstairs plus a small bar area and decent sized covered outdoor area. menu is diverse and all the selections looked awesome! also is a chef that'll prepare a lunch meal right in front of you. if i didn't live far away, I'd be a weekly visitor. you can't go wrong coming to datz.....the only down fall is parking sucks. unless you get the 4 spots in front, you have to park on the side. follow the sign
Why 5 stars?  Because holy selection!   ---   ---   --- The hardest part of going to Datz is deciding what to order.  It was much easier when they catered to my old job and I could sample several different kinds of mini-sandwiches. Datz is about variety with the 3 main aspects of their menu - the sandwiches, the beer and the dessert.  They have all kinds of crazy beers- I even tried a Banana Bread last time I was there.  But the desserts... ***WARNING*** Do not come to Datz if your New Years Resolution is to lose weight and it's not your cheat day.  They have Blue Bell Ice Cream, which rings fondly in this Texan's heart.  They have a gelato bar, cupcakes, regular non-cup Cakes, and all kinds of random goodies.  It's good for your mouth, bad for your belly.
3rd visit to Datz so finally decided to give it a review.  Each time, same experience...good food, decent service.  Lunch and weekday breakfast both provided big servings and plentiful calories.  Cupcakes at the counter are delish but a tad over-priced.  Not sure about all the hype based on 3 experiences where each was adequate but nothing to write home about.
Decided to take my wife for brunch on a Saturday morning and should have gone somewhere else.  Waited nearly an hour and a half for the food to come out.  During that time the manager upstairs approached every table excepts for ours to ask about their service.  Was our being Latino have something to do with him not approaching us?  Sorry to say they have lost two customers...
Mahi  mahi fish tacos were excellent Hansel and gretel  sandwich also very good, pretzel roll very good!
Summary- Nice place for some pretty good food. Really liked the newspaper menu. Too bad some of the tastiest looking items on the brunch menu were Saturday/Sunday only. Food- 3.5 Stars Went for brunch, everything was pretty darn good. I had the hash with two sunny side up eggs. Hash was excellent, eggs were slightly overdone on both plates that came to the table. Service- 3 Stars Nice enough waitress was timely. When we went in nobody was around we had to track someone down to seat us. Atmosphere- 4 Stars I liked the inside and outside. Freezing inside though. Move to Floriduh, go to dinner, bust out clothes from north. Drinks- 4 Stars Damn good coffee and I love it when they give you a carafe. Value- 3 Stars About where it should be.
would give zero stars considering i wasn't even able to eat here. tried to make a reservation more than a week before my birthday for a large group (can't make one for more than 8 on opentable), was told by the manager that i had to call back on monday to do so (it was a thursday), called back on monday for them to tell me they were all booked (doubtful).
The hunt for the best Cuban in Tampa Bay came to an abrupt and precipitous end today at Datz.  I had every intention of continuing my quest, but three things happened.   First, I became sick to my stomach at the mere mention of a Cuban.  Having a Cuban every day for a week will do that to you.   Second, I packed on a few pounds (really? I wonder why...). So it's time to jump on the Weight Watchers bandwagon.  Look for my new list titled "Weight Watchers Friendly".  The "Best Cuban Sandwich in Tampa Bay" list is going on a (hopefully temporary) hiatus. And lastly, the menu at Datz has waaaay too many yummy things to order a Cuban. Come to think about it, this is the WRONG place to kick off a Weight Watchers plan.   Ok, so this will be my last meal, so to speak.  A grand send off before I begin my weight loss journey (again).  Enjoy this review, because it will be the last one in a while that references yummy food, or at least yummy food that exceeds my Weight Watchers daily points allowance. The atmosphere of Datz  is very nice.  It has an upstairs and lots of bottles lining the walls.  They even have chandeliers made out of wine bottles.  Very nice. I would describe it as upscale casual. The mac and cheese bites are out of this world!  How can you go wrong with deep fried Mac and cheese?  We also had pretzel bites.  Those were a bit salty. I had the Carolina on my Mind sandwich (pulled pork and coleslaw on a bun) with a side of mac and cheese.  It was outstanding!  The pork was juicy and tender, the cole slaw was sweet and creamy, and the bun was soft and sweet.   And OMG, this is THE BEST mac and cheese on the face of the planet!  Look at the picture I posted!  It came in a skillet and had cheese baked on top.  I passed the skillet around the table and all five of us agreed this is as good as it gets.   The other folks in my party got a variety of sandwiches, and they all looked fantastic. I tried a shrimp from the Po-boy, and it was very well fried and juicy inside.  The chips that accompany the sandwiches are also outstanding.   The service was excellent.  The Coke Zero flowed freely and our waiter checked on us often.   And to make this send off into Weight Watchers land complete, we shared a red velvet cake.  OMG.  It was huge, fluffy, and delicious.  The frosting was creamy and yummy.  One of the best cakes I've had. Someone in my party ordered the chocolate cake to go, and that thing was huge!  And it weighed like a brick.  You can feed a family of four with that thing.  They had a display with cakes and chocolates and other wonderful things, but I purposefully ignored it on my way out.  I really don't need that kind of pressure. Datz offers a very nice atmosphere, great service, and amazing sandwiches.  I'm almost sorry I didn't try their version of the Cuban, but really, it will be a month or two before I can even look at another Cuban.  And after this review, every single one for a while will be about food that is most likely not on the Datz menu.   This place is awesome and is on my list of places to come to reward myself when I hit my weight goal.  I'm not coming here until then, and that is a compliment.
2.5 stars.  I'm from out of town- locals insisted I try this. The only 3 things worth the trip here are Mac bites, Datchos and cheesy grits- all side dishes. Sausage is weird. Bacon decent. Ham good. Coffee lukewarm. Eggs greasy. Service slow. Lobby packed.  Baby chair broke. Nothing extra special about service- I felt like I was at a mediocre Applebee's.  But seriously- if you can tolerate all the other disappointments, those 3 sides are really tasty.
I had high hopes coming in to Datz for Sunday brunch ever since my hubby dined here over 2 years ago, and hasn' stopped talking about his meal ever since.  First off, their computers were down & maybe this was the cause of why they were having an incredibly off day.  After about a 45 minute wait for a table, we were sat with quite the unattentive server.  Maybe he was just busier than usual because the computers were down.  The wait for our food to come out was long as well, and when we finally did get our food, it was room temp at best.  Maybe the kitchen was a little off because the computers were down.  However, I scarfed down my luke-warm egg sandwhich because I was starving by this point.  So after the excessivly long & underwhelming meal I just wanted to get out of there as quickly as possible, but silly me, I had to pay with credit card, which took forever to process, because our server had to hand write all my information because their computers were down....
Don't believe the hype.  I think this place has become so trendy that people are willing to give it stars just for the ambiance and saying they were there.  When I first started going to Datz I was seriously impressed with some great sandwiches and gourmet chips that seemed to merit paying almost double what a regular deli would charge. On my last two trips I have been seriously dissapointed.  Through the years they seem to continually expand and experiment with there menu perhaps at the cost of losing what they were good at.  On one trip I had my favorite Reuben and it was put together sloppy and not warm enough.  The next trip I brought my mom back after she hadn't been in a while and we were all disappointed.  I got chicken sandwich that again wasn't hot and I sent it back for a turkey club.  The turkey was old, dry and discolored.  I barely ate any of it and worse that that the server seemed very disinterested in doing anything meaningful to remedy the problem.  So here I am paying $14-$15 for a sandwich PLUS extra for fries (really?? you need extra $ for fries when I'm paying this much?).  My mom got the philly steak and it was just average.  I expect a lot more than average for this kind of money. You can get a better Reuben at Jason's deli for 1/2 the price.  Save your money.  I even emailed someone at Datz about my experience and got a concerned email back that they were going to do something, but then never heard from them.  Kind of the same attitude of our server that day.  Sucks to write them off when I liked them so much when they opened.  I guess they have so much business and $ coming in it's not much of a concern for them.
Dog friendly and friendly service. Not many fish options. Chicken salad sandwich was good, so was the pulled chicken sandwich. Even if you don't like blue cheese, their homemade chips with blue cheese drizzle is amazing!
Ordered the Holy Guacamole sandwich, what a disappointment. The Sandwich had one sliver of avocado and the lunch meat was literally about two fork fulls on the side. The deli meat was so dry I had to wash it down with water to be able to swallow it. Walked out with a $40 bill and had to go somewhere else to eat. The atmosphere is nice. I don't know if they got somebody new in the kitchen. The first time we ate here we loved the food,great service,great atmosphere. We never have been able to duplicate that experience since. After this time I'm never going back. What a complete waste of money.
The S.O. and I ventured out of our usual comfort zone to head over to South Tampa to try Datz. So many of my friends have eaten and given rave reviews for this trendy diner and it was on my must try list. Note: There are only a couple of spots up front, but a designated lot for parking is behind the restaurant down the side street. When we arrived at 7:30p on a Friday evening, I was pleasantly surprised to find no line at the door. We were asked if we'd be ok to sit upstairs - and we were fine with upstairs since downstairs did have a short wait. On the way up we inquired to our seating hostess as to why we wouldn't be ok with upstairs - she said some people just don't prefer it, and left it at that. We found out why. Once we were up there, it can be a little loud and hard to have a conversation. I like the decor and vibe that Datz is going for, however, upstairs needs just a teeny bit more light. The newspaper style menus and the insane amount of menu options are nice. We ordered beers to drink - the Datz brew is quite tasty and a fair price; and a Sam Adams Double Pumpkin which was quite a bit more. The accompanying water was never empty thanks to our personal carrafe. Nice touch! Anything with truffle is a do for me, enter Black Truffle Fries appetizer. Very tasty and annihilated within minutes! For my entree, I went with the Waffles N Tweet. I am in love with this dish. Warning: It is enough to feed three people!!! The jalapeno maple syrup has just the right amount of kick to it and the chicken is juicy. The cheddar waffle is savory - balancing the syrup quite nicely. It is a delicious bite when combining all three in one forkful. I was only able to eat 2 of the 6 tenders, taking quite a large box of food home. The entree also comes with a sauteed spinach that had a very bold flavor that I couldn't quite pick out, but it was a bit too oily for me. The S.O ordered Ty's Two Fister sandwich - the housemade chips were great, and the sandwich was huge. This was the first time I've ever seen him take to-go! Thanks to the Yelp check in - we received a complimentary serving of Gelato from the case downstairs. I chose Bacio (hazlenut /chocolate) flavor - it was so creamy and hit the sweet tooth! Overall, we dined for about $60 with tip. Our server was great - his name tag (Curtis) was hand made/colored - which we thought was a great get personal creative tool for the servers. I would definitely return if I'm craving my dish or if I'm in the area!
Great place!  Beautiful design and use of space - I loved the many seatmate areas.  The wine and beer selections were great and so was the service.  The menu was cleverly printed to read like a local newspaper and the prices were maybe a little on the high side but not enough to be off putting. They offer a great selection of bakery and specialty cooking items at retail along with interesting tequilas, vodkas and other spirits. We will go again because there is still more to explore.
one of the most ecclectic menus. go there for breakfast. go there for lunch. and go there for dinner. if youre looking for a place to make your eyes roll to the back of your head, come here. the beer selection cant be beat. have the mac n cheese. the chicken n waffles, meatloaf, and ribs. not all at once of course, but plan now on making multiple visits! the environment is awesome too. theres no way a review will do this place  justice.
A friend took me here today for a birthday brunch and WOW! I absolutely love this place, That cinnamon roll with bacon was so good and my food was great. I can't wait to bring my boyfriend here. The atmosphere here is so romantic for a date or just hang with friends. Plan on coming back!!!
oh.my.freaking.god.  I came to visit my bff in tampa, and she was talking about this awesome place the locals talked about and was on some tv show.  She hyped it up and up and I went in trying not to be overly hyped about this place, but IT LIVED UP TO EVERY EXPECTATION. Our waiter, Josh, was amazing and chatted with us the entire time about things to do in tampa bc my bff was fairly new to town as well.  He was amazing in service and able to tell us about all the menu items along with what bars to go party at later! As for the food, YUM!!!!! We ordered the truffle fries, which were amazingly crispy and perfectly cooked - the truffle oils were like extra icing on the cake.  I ordered the dumb cluck sandwich bc they had unfortunately run out of the special meatloaf sandwich but that's ok bc the dumb cluck was AMAZING!  We checked into yelp also so we got a complimentary gelato and the lady hooked us up with a HUGE scoop in a martini glass that even 2 people couldn't finish. The restaurant was so yummy we even came back for brunch another day and I was able to order the benedict + avocado with herb potatoes.  The potatoes were perfect and the benedict was amazing as well. On top of all of that the decor was extremely cute (reminded me of Austin!) and we didn't get to check out the bar or drinks but it looks like they had great stock of liquors from what I could see. Now all I wish was that they would open a Datz down in Texas.... *sigh!*
This place is amazing, the beer and food are the ideal combo of the best of the best.  The staff is phenomenal, be sure ask for Ace or Elena, they run the show.
Whoa. What in the hell is going on in here!?!?! Three bars, a restaurant area, a deli counter, random goods in jars, a ton of beers on tap from the far reaches of the country and.... gelato? I didn't know what to think. Actually, I knew I needed to go to the bar after the hostess told me the wait for a table would be an hour to an hour and a half. Datz seems like the place to be on a weekend evening. Maybe every evening! It was great to see some San Diego beers represented on their tap list, and no, not that that Stone Brewing bullshit. Ballast Point Wahoo Wheat and a brew I didn't catch the name of from Coronado Brewing Company. If you prefer some tastes of Boston, Ipswich was up on the board. Cheers! The food menu ranges from the $11-12 burger and sandwich range, all the way up to $25+ entrees. I recognize it's a bit presumptious to say, but in a place like this the idea of spending $25 on an entree seems a little out of place. It's a tavern kind of spot. Mostly. Kind of. I'd stick to the pub food out of fear the kitchen would be in over their heads on some gourmet-esque menu items. Datz the shit. God that was cheesy. ....And Datz the truth.
Good food good service. Been eating here since they opened and almost always a pleasure.
This place is like a flavor explosion.  Very nice atmosphere.  Incredible hot & cold deli sandwiches served with wines and beers from a large selection.  Several bars inside, with table seating as well.  I've been here several times.  I am a reuben fan so I get some variant of those, but last time I tried a brisket sandwitch that was killer too.  The reviews don't lie, this place is a Tampa must.
Repeated several times by our server was the mantra "we've got a lot going on here." Indeed. This place is a gastronomical Chinese fire drill that serves up some gut-busting food, and offers you great beer to pair with it. This is really a "Midwest American Gastropub" atmosphere. It looks and feels like a place you'd find in Chicago or Denver. And typical of most Chicago/Denver gastropubs, everything on the menu looks absolutely incredible. It looks to be on the expensive side, but trust me on this one, you get a *lot* of food for your money. This might be the "indie Cheesecake Factory," comfort food and sweets piled HIGH. Particularly note-worthy, one of my dining companions, Vice-Brewja "Y" ordered a ridiculous 11" of pure beef that even she couldn't down, even though she's the Hot Dog Queen. We'd already drunk ourselves silly this day, so the cruel irony was that we could barely enjoy the extensive beer list. Still, the "ticker" in me ordered up some beer I'd never had, geez, I don't even remember what it was. Food-wise, I immediately clocked the cioppino on the menu - if I remember correctly, it was a reasonable $21 or so - I ordered it, because that's what I do when I see cioppino on a menu that doesn't cost $40-50. Besides, I needed some light seafood action after the day's excess. It didn't disappoint - the fish and mussels were swimming in a pleasant tomato-herb broth that the giant slabs of bread this was served with soaked up. I didn't order coffee and dessert, I was done. Others did, though, and the results were laughable, with giant cups of coffee more suited to 13-foot-tall aliens than us mere mortals. Maybe it was just that we were there near the end of the night, but service, though friendly, was a little stressed - they had this guy doing too much, including making the coffee. "We've got a lot going on." Heed these words.......and come hungry.
My wife and I have been there infrequently for breakfasts. While the place can be a visual marvel to behold, it would be nice to find a staff member who can tell you what the tubes at the main entrance are for.  We usually get a great breakfast with the delicious monkey bread (get a booth so you can lick the plate in privacy).  I would advise staying away from anything corned beef and hash.  Its one thin slice of corned beef with a ton of hash potatoes on top next to a ton of potatoes diced with bread.
Right off xtown. Had to park in back. Good svc and food.
I just don't know what to say. I'm pretty much speechless. I want to live here, basically. I want to eat breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner here. If the meatloaf sandwich and carrot cake are indicative of the quality of the rest of their menu, I may ahve just discovered my new favorite place in Tampa. There are so many things on their menu that I want to try that it actually stresses me out a little bit because I just don't have the time, money, or stomach power to conquer the entire menu in one sitting. Damn you, Datz. I'll be back.
My favorite place in South Tampa Great beer selection and usually have live entertainment Must try the catfish!
Great atmosphere. Recommend Duck slides, and truffle fries. Great atmosphere for happy hour, brunch or dinner! Hands down best new spot  I'be been to in Tampa!
Dined here last night. Arrived just about 6:00pm. He got one of the booths for 2 . This place was almost full. Started off with the French Onion Soup. By far...THE BEST FRENCH ONION SOUP.... Entrees we selected the Snapper Special and the Braised Pork shank. The portions on both are plentiful. We will have DATZ leftovers for dinner tonight. The apple crumb...kind of dessert with  vanilla ice cream was scrumptious,  I choose the Lemon- Coconut cake. White cake layered with a lemon custard filling and a fresh coconut icing. Huge portions again, will be yummy tonight. Our server, Vanessa was OUTSTANDING!!!!!   We will be back.....We had our EYE'S on the 10oz Hamburgers we saw passing us by several times.
Went for a Friday lunch, and was surprised with how crowded it was! We didn't want to wait 20 min for a table for 2 so chose to sit at the bar, which was seemingly filled with other pairs opting for the same. Loved the interior, very hip feel yet cozy at the same time. After reading the reviews on here I knew we could easily split a meal and be satisfied. Both me and the person I dined with are vegetarians, so we went for the veggie burger, added a patty, and subbed a side salad for the chips it is served with. There were enough other vegetarian menu choices to keep me coming back. The cost of the veggie burger was a bit exorbitant ($11 + $2 extra patty!) so I was happy to split it. High menu prices are the only reason I don't give Datz 5 stars. Took a while for the food to appear, but it was busy. Service at the bar was fantastic.  The bartender was aware and told us it'd be out soon, so at least we didn't feel hung out to dry. If we had been drinking it would've been the perfect time to try one of the many amazing craft beers on the menu. The veggie burger was delicious and so was the salad. Really liked the house raspberry vinaigrette dressing. Checked in on Yelp and got a free gelato, and so glad I did. Chose a palette cleansing lemon gelato that was the perfect way to end the meal on a hot day. Next time I want to try a few macaroons and a piece of red velvet cake. I'll certainly be back here! Will probably try to make reservations next time.
Amazing is all I can say!  The food was superb - mac n cheese balls, truffle fries, cuban sandwich.  Our service Tony was awesome.  Whenever I get back to Tampa I will make a point to return to Datz!
I love when I can confidently recommend a restaurant to friends and not worry I'm overhyping it. Datz is one of those places. There is always a wait here. I highly recommend using their Q-less wait service through their website. You put in the number of your party, it tells you how long your wait is, and then it texts you when your table is ready. You have 10 minutes to get there and claim your table. Where do I begin? I'll start with this: my favorite meal  my mom makes is meatloaf and macaroni & cheese. Well, Datz makes meatloaf STUFFED with macaroni & cheese. Yes, Datz outdid my mother's cooking. I want to kiss whoever added this to the menu. Perhaps what Datz is best known for are their sandwiches. If you're a first time, this is what I would recommend. On a recent visit, my out of town guest described the "Yo Vinny" as one of the best sandwiches she's ever had. You also get a heaping portion of their amazing sweet & salty homemade potato chips with your sandwich. You will be extremely full after your meal (huge portions! expect to have leftovers), but you must order dessert. If you are sitting near the dessert case, you will be powerless. Get it to go. Their macaroons and red velvet cake are outstanding. If you're pinching pennies this place isn't for you. The lunch meatloaf is $17, but it was worth the price to me.
I really like Datz especially for their brunch.  I always try something new when I go but my last brunch visit I got the corn beef hash which was awesome.  I asked for the potatoes extra crispy and this is one of the few places who actually listened to my request and they came out perfect.  I don't usually like bloody marys but I particularly enjoyed Datz's, I mean who doesn't love bacon in their bloody mary?
I like Datz, HUGE proportions, quality ingredients (bread, cheese, etc) Some really good sandwiches and great breakfast. Only complaint about the food is they don't have a lot of variety in the sandwiches, mostly just roast beef sandwiches. Where's the pepperoni, salami, hot italian type sandwich? I hate roast beef so the only other option is the turkey/cranberry brie sandwich and the Cuban...both very good. Also, they need more sauce for the chips...without the sauce they are really greasy and get old fast. Other than the food, this is my only complaint- sometimes it feels like your trying to get in a nightclub instead of ordering eggs. The whole "text when the table is ready" thing is just stupid. Just have a list, put names on it, and let parties in. Simple. Also the waiters can be a little off. One time our waiter told me he didn't want to be there and had a headache. I laughed, but thought it was weird...he also told me not to order the sandwich I ordered because it "sucked" and suggested the Cuban. I feel like the staff are typical South Tampa douches who are hung over from the night before and irked to be waiting tables. Anyways, food is really good and a great choice in the Tampa area.
Wow I am surprised I have not written a review for Datz because I LOVE it. I have visited Datz a number of times for various events, business lunches, and casual meals with friends. I have never had a bad experience at Datz in my history of visiting and I think it would probably be a fluke if that happened because the workers there are just so polite and I love it. The food at Datz incredible. They are a serious contender for best burger in Tampa Bay and their sandwiches are excellent. Who can turn down their absolutely delectable chips that are often served at culinary events around Tampa Bay? Not me. The desserts are great at Datz - there is pretty much nothing on the menu that I am afraid to try. I also love the atmosphere at Datz. It feels like home in a town overrun with chains and commercialization. Datz has integrity and I love that. I am super excited to visit again tonight for a Yelp Elite event. I could go on, but let's just end this review with one word: LOVE.
During one of our recent visits to the Tampa area, a group of us headed to Datz.  It was lunchtime and parking was difficult.  Fortunately, after circling the block I returned to the front of the restaurant to find an open spot.  We were off to a good start!   The restaurant has a cool vibe complete with outdoor seating, a bar, a bakery counter and merchandise for sale.  After waiting only a few minutes, our party of six was seated and the waitress headed our way.  The drink menu is extensive and I had a difficult time deciding on which one of the craft beers to order.  Our server made that choice a little easier by offering samples.  Finally, I went with a "yellow fuzz" beer, and it was a perfect choice to go along with my meal. The food menu has many choices, and there seems to be something for every palate.  I went with the "Carolina On My Mind" sandwich.  It came with a huge amount of smoked pulled pork and the right mix of cole slaw and mustard-BBQ sauce, and then topped off with a sweet sourdough bun.  A side of sweet-n-salty chips with a drizzle of creamy mild blue cheese compliments the sandwich.  The portion is so large I told everyone in earshot that it would be impossible to finish...but I did!  Everyone at the table ordered something different, and there were no complaints or doggy bags for that matter. There is a downfall to sitting within arm's reach of the bakery counter, and after eyeing the beautiful Red Velvet cake, I couldn't resist ordering a slice for the table.  The Red Velvet cake with its frosting, ice cream, whipped cream and raspberry sauce was a perfect ending to our lunch. The staff all wear Datz black t-shirts that include funny little saying about bacon.  These t-shirts are for sale, unfortunately, the restaurant was fresh out.  That's OK as next time we're in the vicinity of Tampa it will include a visit to Datz!
First of all, I'm irritated that I wrote this whole review from the Yelp app, then it wouldn't let me post it, and when I came to the website to complete it, I had to start ALL OVER. Fail, Yelp. Awesome food, especially the pumpkin pancakes. Service was slow, though, even though we got there fairly early. They also said they'd bring a bowl of water for our dog and never did. She was fine, so no biggie, but still. I asked our server Luis about the fruits used in their fruit cup and he basically took down what fruits I didn't want, which I thought was great - then he brings out the food, and the fruit cup is ALL the fruits I didn't want and one piece of fruit I can actually eat buried at the bottom so it was soaked in the juices of the fruits I couldn't eat. I asked Luis if the other fruits were unavailable, and he said that they used a pre-made mix on weekends, as if there was nothing he could have done about it. It's not a big deal in itself, but from a customer service standpoint, don't offer something you can't deliver! I could have just gotten something else if Luis hadn't made it seem like he could get me a custom cup of fruit, and it would have been a mostly lovely experience.
Wings are no longer on the menu and no meatloaf & meatballs on weekends!?!  Datz isn't the name of that one Vietnamese comedian that won that one comedy show? Seriously WTF?!?  My friends and I happen to come on the weekend that they just changed the menu and one of the most popular items suggested on Yelp is no longer offered?  Okay, well how about the meatball sandwich?  No?  Meatloaf?   Again, not on weekends?  Isn't it usually the other way around, where the specials are only on the weekends? All let downs asides, we finally settled on the Dumb Cluck, Triple Threat and The Shrimp Po Boy.  Of the three sandwiches, what seemed like the safest option was the best!  While the Triple Threat and Po Boy were decent, the Dumb Cluck had lots of great flavor with the tang from the barbecue sauce, a hint of the beer braise keeping the chicken most and the big slice of melted white cheddar really worked well together. Though the service was friendly and the beer list is rather impressive, I was a bit tentative walking into Datz.  Generally when a restaurant has a giant menu, the food can be all over the place, but I was pleasantly surprised with our meal.  Taking into consideration the area, the price and the laid back atmosphere I can see why this place is so popular.
My favorite restaurant ever.  Love Datz and have been eating here for year.  We come here on date night, Girl Night or Family Night. Great for vegetarians as well!
I love this place. The menu is very unique and high quality. I try to order something different everytime I go there and luck for me each time I oreder something new, I love it just as much as the previous item I had. They also have great desserts, cheeses, herbs and beers that you can purchase on your way out. Overall, I think that this is the best place to eat in Tampa. The only complaint I could have is the parking...it's a nightmare if you are there at lunch time during the week.
Get the Holy Guacamole. Hands down best sandwich I've ever had. The chips it comes with are mouth watering by themselves. Great atmosphere and amazing food.
Tried out Datz for the first time yesterday...wanted to see what all the "fuss" was about. Got there at 2:45pm & right off the bat my awesome server (Liz?) gave me some great advice: order apps and she'd put the order in at 3pm so I could get them at half off...score! I had a prickly pear margarita (super strong & delish w/ adorable garnish). Next up were onion rings made with cornmeal...so huge that I could only eat two! My meal consisted of the BBQ chicken flatbread (aka Fowl play) & a half-wedge salad (which is not on the menu, but Liz hooked me up again!). The smaller salad was still huge and the green goddess dressing was superb! I highly recommend it! I hope to go back soon to try the "famous" chicken & waffles.
My partner and I came to town on business from the Ocala/Ganinesville area and did a quick search for "a great lunch," Datz came up and we were intrigued by the concept and the great reviews on Yelp. What a fun, creative and restaurant! The service was great, our food (salads) very good and the ambiance decor fabulous. Especially note worthy was that the manager, Damonica came over to our table, learned a little about us and made us feel thoroughly welcomed. We would hire her in a minute... We would like to reciprocate should anyone on staff travel up to our neck of the woods, come  visit us a Blue Highway, a pizzeria.
I would like to thank the Tampa Yelpers first and foremost to making my weekend awesome. Now i just wish i was more sober to remember this portion of the night bc i couldn't get a reservation for 6 until after 9:30.  But it worked out perfectly!  Our table was private and over looking the lower level.  The service was outstanding and the food was delicious. i had a brisket sandwich and fries. Soo good.  I had some random beer that was good too.   Check this place out! I wish i could recall more....
After months of dying to try Datz, I finally had the chance to go for Sunday brunch. The atmosphere deserves at least 3 stars. It's unlike anything I've seen around the Tampa Bay area. It's reminiscent of much bigger cities like New York. The menu looked innovative and I was torn between the chicken n' waffle benedict and the nutella hotsy-totsy (brioche french toast with chocolate galore). I decided on the chicken n' waffle. After the first bite, I immediately wished I ordered the french toast. The chicken itself was extremely underwhelming. It was pretty much a few pieces of chicken tenders without any distinct flavor. If the waffle wasn't crunchy and soggy at all naturally, the hollandaise must've contributed to it. The best part were the eggs. The hollandaise was peppery, very different from the usual formula. I chose a side of potatoes which also was just ok. In contrast to the ok food, the service was good. There are many different types of hosts/hostesses who all were as helpful and welcoming as the waitress. Finally, I couldn't leave without trying a chocolate cupcake from the mini bakery on the first floor. The cupcake did not disappoint. I'll definitely come back to Datz to give it another try, but I will make sure to order something else on the menu.
The potato skins looked amazing, but they ruined them by putting sugar and cinnamon on them.  I had a roasted red pepper and gouda soup which was OK but it was pretty thick and heavy.  The sandwiches are huge.  One pastrami sandwich has enough meat on it to make a reasonable meal for several people.  I think it would be better if the portions were more reasonable and the prices not so high.   Oversized portions of high cal food.
We ate at Datz for this first time this evening and it was a wonderful experience. We sat at the bar upstairs and had Greg waiting on us (as well as bartending). His knowledge of the menus was welcome as we were from out of town and were eager for suggestions, both on the food side and on the local brew side. We started with the bruschetta flat bread, which was very good, especially if you're looking for something on the lighter side. The main course he recommended, the pork shank, was incredible. The light gravy with a hint of maple really complimented the entire dish. On the brew side- there was a great selection, and Greg aided us in the decision process by providing us countless samples of any beers we were curious about. Overall, a great experience. Makes it even better we found it via Yelp- nothing better than a full circle.
The bbq sandwhich is amazing. I ate about 1/2 of the meat piled on it and was full. Had a whole meal left over. Their sourdough rolls are delicious. You can pick your own side and not get the chips. I suggest the mac and cheese. Beer selection is great and bartenders are helpful. This place is starting to get well known, and it can be a long wait on busy nights. So plan ahead or try the weeknights.
Food and atmosphere at this place are why I had to give it 5 stars.  The only drawback is the wait and the prices.  It's little high end for brunch but it's worth it.  They bake their own bread and seem to make everything in house.  The food and variety is awesome and well worth the wait.  There's a ton of seating so the fact that you have to wait really isn't their fault.  I had the chicken and waffles and our table shared the monkey bread and mac n cheese bites.  The monkey bread was out of this world and free when you checked in on yelp!  I only wished we had ordered more.  The mac n cheese bites were great as well but it was about 7$ for only 4-5 of them.  The chicken and waffles came with eggs benedict on top and the chicken had the perfect amount of crisp to it.  The waffles and eggs and chicken combo was perfect if you like sweet/salty combo.  I can't wait to get back to tampa to try something else here.  We also went to their bakery next door which was awesome.
Datz is one of my favorite restaurants in Tampa. Whenever I dine there, I always enjoy the food - I've never had a bad experience.  The staff is extremely pleasant to interact with and the setup is amazing. I would recommend making reservations, because if you don't the wait can be a little bit long, but it's worth it.  I like the notification system that they have in place where you provide your phone number and the status of your wait is provided to you via text.  It's the first time that I've had a restaurant use that type of technology and it worked out well. The food is soooooo good.  Where to start?: The Pastrami Pork Belly - tender and divine.  I really enjoyed the smoked gouda grits and apple jam that it came with.  When I was done, I wanted to order more of it. The Chicken 'N Waffle BLT - Very flavorful and well balanced.  It was a welcomed twist on a Southern classic.  I enjoyed that the sandwich was not too heavy and the waffles were not overly sweet.  This would be a really good choice. Monkey Bread - Just order it.  You have to,  It's just like sweet surrender in your mouth.  It comes in a shareable size or you're able to order a portion just for one. Datz Good Hash - A great brunch choice and not your run of the mill corned beef hash. Bistro Filet - This steak was so tender and juicy.  I would definitely order this again. The drinks were awesome as well. Overall this is a place that I would bring friends from out of town who want to experience a good, quality non-chain restaurant.  I also frequent this restaurant because it's good for brunch, lunch or dinner with a group of friends.   Yes, it really is that good. B. Major Grade: A+
Very very good sandwiches!   I got the pulled pork, believe it was called "Carolina on my mind" and it was outstanding!  Not the traditional BBQ I was use to but very good nonetheless.  All the ingredients just seemed soo fresh, from the super soft bread to the homemade chips.  They also had a wonderful beer selection, something like 33 on tap! Really enjoyed this place and highly recommend
Some friends of ours took us to Datz for dinner one Saturday since they had been raving about it and it was great!  We only had to wait about 15 minutes and there was plenty of fun stuff to look at in the bakery/store area.  We got a table upstairs and it was very cosy yet still had the upbeat vibe of the whole place.  We all tried various beers on tap, which our server was very helpful recommending and brought us a couple samples before we ordered.  I got the meatloaf dinner and my hubby got the Waffles n' Tweet and a side of Mac 'n Cheese for us to share.  The meatloaf (which came with mashed potatoes and peas) was delish- it had some sort of sauce- a red wine reduction maybe, that made it extra special.  The portion was HUGE- I ate til I was stuffed and it looked like I'd hardly made a dent.  Hubby enjoyed his waffles and chicken- it came with a jalapeno syrub, which made the waffles a little more savory to go with the chicken.  The mac was good- it could have been a little cheesier or something for my taste, but I like the crispy little bacon cubes that they put on top.  I wanted to get dessert, since our friends had been raving about this chocolate cake/cheesecake masterpiece, but they were out of that cake for the day and I was really full so we just got a couple cookies to go.  I got a chocolate peanut butter filled cookie- it was okay, it wasn't a gooey as I was expecting, and a black & white cookie.  I'd actually NEVER had a b&w cookie before, but my hubby was enjoying his so much for breakfast the next morning that I decided I needed to at least try mine and I ended up eating the whole thing!  It was perfectly soft, almost cake-like and so delicious!  I'm definitely looking forward to my next trip to Datz!
I freaking loved this place!  The food was amazing, the service lovely and the options are fantastic.  I had a fantastic time. I had a California Turkey extravaganza (sorry I can't remember the full name).  The bread was phenomenal, the to ingreds were so fresh, not a brown speck to be seen on my avocado! My dining companion had a veggie sandwich.  He offered me a bite, and almost didn't get his sandwich, or his hand, for that matter, back. We had the house made chips, they were sooooo good. The beer selection is excellent! After our festival of over eating and leftovers, I stopped at the pastry case and packed up some french macaroons.  They were so FREAKING GOOD.  I wanted to pack up everything in the case and take it with me. Did I mention I love this place? Next time... MAC AND CHEESE.  They have like 5 mac and cheese options.  So killer. I will be back to this place again! (and again, and...)
Ok guys I was not thrilled to find you took the Datz Dog off the menu and there were a lot of menu changes I was not thrilled about. The place is amazing but they cannot seem to keep it consistant. Service is great, they do try when they are in a rush they work together Had the salmon the last time I was there the fish was mild and tasty but the rice was without any seasoning it did not need salt but it did need seasoning. my husband had the reuben that used to be toasted but now the bread is cold and dry. Not sure why its not served the same way but next time he will ask them to toast the bread. Great place really....
Datz is one of our favorites here in South Tampa....we used to always just go for brunch, which is amazing...great selection, everything's good, awesome bloody mary as well as other brunch cocktails.  Then we happened to stop by one day for lunch and had sandwiches (and the kids had the most delicious mac and cheese)...that was so great, that we went for dinner.  Turns out Datz is really delicious for every meal!  Dishes are creative and sometimes unexpected, but always taste great.  Their beer selection is excellent.  Everyone who works there seems to be a foodie and very knowledgeable.  We haven't spent a lot of time perusing their pastry counter, candies, or cheeses....but that is on our to-do list.  My husband's steak was cooked perfectly and he swears it is one of the best he ever had...and he's had a lot!  Only downside to Datz is that there is not nearly enough parking, and sometimes that means we can't go...to our disappointment!  During a Florida summer, even food as good as Datz sometimes has to be missed if it means parking way down MacDill in either direction or in one of the neighborhoods and walking with a 2 and 4 year old so that we're dripping with sweat by the time we walk in the door.  We've taken to going at odd hours or even getting carry-out to avoid the waits and parking issues, so that we can still enjoy the deliciousness!!  The crowds are telling however...it is that good, they deserve their popularity!
Datz is truly a one of a kind restaurant. When I have friends come in from out of town, I always make it a point to take them here. Everything I've had there has been insanely delicious and they have the best Bloody Marys. Make sure to try the monkey bread! They also have text ahead seating, which is simply brilliant! Less of a wait that way.
I have only been here twice and I look forward to coming back and trying more food.  The sandwiches are delicious and the chips and blue cheese drizzle is amazing.  And for breakfast, they have heavenly red velvet pancakes.  Amazing.   I didn't get the chance to taste one of their desserts, but it looked fantastic and I will definitely be back to try them.   The only problem I had here was the fact that my boyfriend and I were seated in a terrible spot the last time I went.  We had to squeeze behind a large, loud party into a dark small table where it was even awkward for the waiter to take our orders (his proximity to us).  But hey, stuff like that happens I guess.
Breakfast here yesterday...wish I was there today...and tomorrow.   For breakfast we had a little of dis and datz. I order a BLT with egg...whoa.  Great flavor on a some fresh little bun.  The stuff inside was so plenty it pushed outside.  My wife enjoyed an omelet the size of my forearm.  There was a slab of bacon, half a pig worth of ham, and all of Wisconsin's cheese inside this thing.  Great tasting food and absolutely love the taters. Good service from Curtis...or at last I think that was his name. Highly recommended...
First off, I love restaurants with dessert cases up front.  It's a great preview to the meal ahead, plus it allows you to plan your meal while leaving room for dessert...which is always a good thing!  And thanks to my Yelp check-in I got free gelato! I was expecting one scoop, but I got three...pumpkin and chocolate make an excellent combination! There was definitely no lack of choice on the menu (which was a cute menu!), I decided on the Easy Caprese sandwich which was delicious! I'm a sucker for a good caprese sandwich... I love cheese, can't help it...and this one didn't disappoint.  The balsamic reduction added a nice sweetness to the sandwich.  And the chips that came with it were addicting! A perfect mix of sweet and salty.  I had a hard time not devouring the entire plate.   We also tried the Black Truffle Fries, which were also great! Our table devoured them.   Lastly, because it's fall and it's time for pumpkin overload, I ordered the Pumpkin Spice Pound Cake to-go.  It made for a delicious breakfast! It was moist and not overly sweet.   I'll definitely be back to try out some other menu items! :-)
One of my very favorite restaurants in the Tampa area.  I used to drive by this place all the time when I lived in South Tampa.  I was amazed the first time I walked in.  Everything about this place is perfect. Let's start with the food:  The sandwiches are to die for.  My favorites are Smokey and the Bird and the club (can't remember the name off the top of my head).  I also highly recommend the ruben and the meatloaf sandwich.  The sandwiches are enough to share and they will not give you a hard time about it.  All sandwiches come with a side of home made chips with blue cheese and balsamic drizzle (YUM).  For an appetizer, the mac n cheese balls are legit.  For a dessert, you can't go wrong with the monkey bread.  They have a wonderful beer and wine selection, which is constantly changing, as well.  Datz also sells a lot of food products (olive oils, jams, chocolates, gelato..the list goes on and on). The staff at this place are THE BEST, too.  Every waiter or waitress that I have ever had have talked to me like I'm their friend, not just a customer.  Working in customer service, I understand how important this is.  I got the pleasure of meeting the owners at the last Yelp event.  They were so friendly and appreciative of our praises. Whether you are a Tampa local or here to visit, Datz is a spot that you do not want to miss!
This is one of my favorite, FAVORITE places to grab a bite to eat for Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch, or Dinner.  Every meal we've enjoyed has been quality.  When I have guests, this is where we go.  When I meet new people, this is where I send them.   Our favorites? Artisan pasta, Carolina on My Mind, the chips...oh, those devil chips!  And they have the most amazing salt and pepper popcorn this fall season!  My girls polished off about 6 baskets of it...and I might've helped just a little. As a milspouse I am over the moon about Datz's military discount.  Thank you for supporting military families!
The atmosphere is really cute!! I had the oh your fancy dish and it was delicious. The nachos were extremely good. However the little cafe on the first level wasnt worth the money. And my bf had a dry burger. Dry enough that he didn't finish the burger.
Not even sure where to begin.  Best breakfast I've had in a while.  We were a party of 8 & we were seated pretty quickly considering it was a Sunday morning.  Our waiter was fantastic.  He was funny, new the menu very well and extremely attentive. I felt like we ordered everything on the menu.  Everything is huge!!! We all were able to taste what each of us ordered.  Monkey Bread, Red Velvet & Orange pancakes, Breakfast Flatbread, Eggs Barbacoa, banana-bacon-peanut butter Belgian Waffles, Billy Benedict, Breakfast BLT, not to mention the Datz A Marys, & Mimosa's.  We loved everything.  Took home a piece of chocolate cake & macaroons.   Looking forward to my next visit!
Only complaints: 1)  parking is horrible!  If you have a reservation get there 20 minutes early just to find a place to park.  BLAH! 2) I HATE that they send text messages to tell you how long your wait is.  In one visit, they sent over 6 texts...that adds up on my phone bill. On the upside...their food is great!  Ambiance is even better!  Two people could easily share almost any dish on the menu.  If you want a micro-brew beer, this is the place to get it! Try the fried mac n cheese bites.  As for the other food, I've had about 4 different things and so far, have liked everything I've tried.
Datz, I am sorry to say, didn't impress.   I really wanted to like the place, but just couldn't muster enough positive things to say to give it more than 2 stars. 1. 1 star for parking.   Valet parking, at 0930 am on Saturday ? for a street restaurant.  Okay.   I'll park in the back, two streets over and walk back.  $5.00 is about  1/2 the cost of my breakfast, so no, I think I will pass on valet. 2. 1 star for the hostess.    I called on Thrs and made reservation for 1, at 945a (because every review says place is crowded.)   I arrive at 9:40 and the place has about 10 customers.   I say my name is XX, I have a reservation for 1, at 945.   The hostess looks me over, like I am getting graded and then proclaims (very loudly), so you don't have any other guests ?     (Inner monologue) No - I usually make a reservation for 1 and bring 20 folks with me.  What the heck ?          Response:  No, I am treating myself to a special breakfast --- to lighten it up a bit.    She then takes me past banks of empty tables for 2, 4, 6, past a bar and into a very dark, I mean can't read the menus without a flashlight dark, high table behind and to the right of the bar.     ARE YOU KIDDING ME ???    So, I looked her directly in the face and smiled --- You know, I really don't like sitting in the dark or in bars, can I sit out in the sunny area ?     Her response:  Yeah, it doesn't matter where you sit...pick one.    And she walks away. 3.  4 stars for the waiter.   The food server was smart, attentive and well versed on menu.  He brought out coffee and water right away and took my order in a flash.   He came back after I had taken a few bites and warmed up the coffee from the table carafe at least twice.  (very polite for a guest dining alone). 4. 2.5 stars for food.   The food was actual very good, if it had been HOT or even WARM it would have been better !!   I got the crabby benedict.   Think eggs benedict but instead of ham or turkey bacon circle you get a wonder lump of crab cake meat.   The whole thing was cold - biscuit, crab, eggs, sauce...  I didn't think that was possible.   And it came with a side of steaming freak'n so hot you couldn't touch the ramkin grits...    I think their kitchen operations flow was off a little --- thus cold crabby benedict - steaming hot grits.     That said, it was good. Most of food on menu is stuff you would like after a long night out --- hangover food...  but it is still good without the hangover. Wish I had better news - but don't think I'll go back.
Sandwiches here are huge and delicious! Don't miss the sweet and salty potato chips....mmmm And for a treat this time we got the red velvet cake---- ummm it had cheesecake in the middle.   Great atmosphere as well.  Love it!!
Went to Tampa recently for a brief business trip. Came here both days for lunch. Sandwiches and appetizers were fantastic. Loved the mac bites and pretzel bites. I recommend the "Dumb Cluck," a pulled chicken sandwich that would compete very well with any BBQ place you find. You won't leave hungry (the sandwich is huge). Beer list is great too. Will go back any time I make it to Tampa.
Pulled pork sandwich is delicious!! Great place, can't wait to go back again and again!
This place is so overrated and overpriced my husband and I finally decided on the last visit that we were never going back.  It's cute, the atmosphere is nice, but no meal we've had seems worth the price when compared to what you can get elsewhere with less frippery and hoo-ha.  Parking is also annoying.
The place has good food and servers are nice. You do have to wait over an hour when they tell you 25 minutes. Then have to ask for silverware. The place is well UNDER air conditioned. Felt like a steam bath and your appetite disappears. Almost faint. If you are a masochist that has to be where everyone else is, this is your place. Sorry, the place is being a victim of its own success
This was our first visit to Datz, but I am quite sure that it will not be our last. I had the butternut squash ravioli, and I think it rated among the very best pastas I have ever eaten. The fresh sage in the Parmesan cream sauce was delightful, and there was just the right balance of seasoning. I added on the shrimp, and they were perfectly cooked. Succulent and tender! Since they are a seasonal item, I will definitely have to make another visit in the very near future so as to partake of this delicious dish again before the season is over.
Wow! How did I not know about this place? Looks like getting in and parking are indeed a battle but I think it's worth the war.  We had lunch and our YELP checkin earned us a carrot cake cup cake that was AMAZING! I would buy another just to lick the frosting off the top.  My chicken and waffles was perfect. It was Huge and the maple syrup was interesting. Service was awesome and they were broadcasting a radio show from the upstairs dining room, something they apparently do every Monday. Will visit again on my next visit to Tampa, the portions are so large it's going to take a few visits to "eat the menu"
Scrumptious pumpkin pancakes and turkey bacon!!! The perfect place for a tasty brunch.
Food was great! Loved the truffle fries!!! The portions are large..so come with an appetite
Love. Love. Love. My boyfriend and I went here on a recommendation from a Starbucks barista while we were visiting Tampa. The food was fantastic, the decor was impeccable, their beer list was fantastic (complete with 30 rotating taps) and waitress was one of the best and most memorable servers I think I've ever encountered. I tried the Buckhorn's Dynamic Duo, a pairing of coffee-cocoa rubbed petit filet and braised beef with a rioja-and-bitter-chocolate sauce. I have always wanted to try a savory chocolate meat dish and this one was spectacular. My date tried the Waffles N' Tweet, which was one of the dishes recommended by the waitress. It was also good, not as great as the Dynamic Duo, but also a pretty unique dish. I don't live in Tampa, but I definitely plan to return to Datz the next time I'm there. Great food!
The food and atmosphere at Datz is absolutely amazing!!!   Warning: the portions are HUGE!!! I can easily split a sandwich with my husband and still be stuffed, but I will not share the homemade sweet and salty kettle cooked chips with blue cheese drizzle and scallions!  I haven't had a sandwich that I haven't liked yet.  The Havana Hottie (Cuban), April in Paris, Dumb Cluck and The Iron Mike Tate Club are a few of my favorite sandwiches. Datz has a great selection of beers on tap. On our first visit we ordered a Paulaner Premium Pilsner and a Magner's Cider after the bartender let us sample a few of the beers on tap. After your meal check out the deli for gourmet cheese or olives or grab one of the amazing baked desserts at the bakery.  They also have gelato: my favorite! I haven't tried the dinner menu yet, but I've had the pleasure of eating breakfast and brunch at Datz on many occassions. Everything from the eggs to the breakfast sandwiches are amazing on the breakfast menu.  The French Toast is out of this world!!! If you love mac & cheese as much as I do then you must try the Mac n' Cheese Bites, made with crispy bacon jalapeño macaroni and cheese! Nice atmosphere, very trendy and hip.  Live bands play multiple nights of the week.  Check out the classes at Datz; they host weekly cooking and food tasting classes.
Went here while visiting my parents. This place was fantastic. We sat at the bar - great idea - and the bartender created a beer for me and it was PERFECT. Ordered a turkey sandwich with avocado .... perfect again. Chips were great. Rushed atmosphere, but it "made sense." Tried my Mom's Bloody Mary - WOW! One of the top 5 I have ever had! Service was great. Decor was fun .... Food FANTASTIC ... and anyone who says the menu isn't "extensive?" .... didn't flip it to the back
Soooo overated.  The more and more I go to Datz, the more I don't like it. Why do I still go you ask? Its right down the road from my house, and easy. Don't get me wrong, some things on their menu are pretty good, but to be rated the second best restaurant in Tampa, they are far from it. They offer a lot of selection, and some pretty good (and from what the manager tells me, very expensive) bleu cheese. Besides that their pork is a bit overly sweet for my taste, stay away from their roast beef, its bland and well done, and their turkey and chicken are "ok" but what kind of foodie orders turkey or chicken in a restaurant? What about brunch? Another very disappointing matter was their Bloody Mary's. I remember the overdressed monstrosity they used to be and it seems like the restaurant cut them in half. How am I supposed to cure that hangover? On another note, their Eggs Barbacoa were very good. So I stand in the middle.
Some restaurants you wind up at and are pleasantly surprised. Some inspire you to join a cult. This is the latter. My girlfriend and I were visiting Tampa and sampled a couple of places. This was by far the best, so good that after our first visit for lunch, we came back the following day for breakfast. We didn't regret it. For lunch, we had the fried mac and cheese, the chicken and waffle, and eggs barbacoa. The mac and cheese was served with a delicious sauce, and it wasn't bland at all the way I'd become accustomed to fried mac and cheese being. The eggs barbacoa was also delicious and unusual. I can't say that the chicken and waffle were particularly special, but that's my own bias about that dish -- the syrup, which had some spicyness to it, added a lot to the dish. I also had the huge cappuccino, which had perfect foam -- no bubbles, thick, even with skim. For breakfast, we had the migas, the fried oyster sandwich, and the infamous cold brew coffee. The cold brew coffee was delicious (and the regular hot coffee was also fantastic. We couldn't pick between the two. This is definitely a restaurant you'll want to take friends or family. The servers are always helpful and happy and excited to share with you some of their insights on the food. If we ever get back to Tampa, we'll camp out outside of this place.
