I might be bias, because I love this chain, but this location did not disappoint! My friend and I came on a Saturday about 10:30 a.m. and the place was packed.  It was about a 20 minute wait, but time flies by quickly when you're chatting with a friend. The location is easy to get to and is located along a strip of shops.  This is a nice shopping area, and we enjoyed standing outside while waiting to be seated.  Inside is just a nice with light flowing in and bright colored walls.   I got a bacon and cheddar pancake and the butternut bisque.  Both were great.  I could have probably done without the sour cream in the bisque, but that's a personal preference.  Their pancakes are huge!  I don't know who could eat more than one.  I actually ended up taking almost half of my pancake home with me.  My friend got the pumpkin pancake and loved it. I think the sign of a good menu is when I'm divided about what I want.  I always want to try so many things! The first time I went to First Watch was in Charleston, West Virginia about a year ago and I'm glad my memory of this place being amazing is true.  This is definitely a go to breakfast/brunch place.
Apparently, I'm a terrible (former) Tampa resident for only recently visiting First Watch. My bad. But I understand the hype now. Tasty, healthy, and quick food! You almost can't feel guilty for eating anything here because everything is pretty healthy and good for you. I ordered the Key West Crepegg. Crepe with eggs, cheese, bacon, avocado, turkey, & some other stuff inside. I'm not even a fan of eggs nor savory crepes, but I was feeling healthily adventurous. I loved it! With a side of potatoes and an English muffin, the portion was just right. Not hungry, and not too full. They already have pitchers of water and coffee on the table before you sit down. Since there is complimentary coffee while you wait, I assumed that the coffee already set on our table was also complimentary. Incorrect! We got charged for it. Funny that some of these reviews I'm reading praise the service. I thought our service was only ok. When we were ready for some boxes and the check, our server was nowhere to be found. It wasn't that big of a deal because we weren't in a rush, but I guess you can think of the service here as diner-type, like Denny's or IHOP.
I LOVE THE WHOLE CONCEPT OF THIS PLACE!! As a mother I prefer to feed my daughter healthy nutritious meals more often then not. Don't get me wrong- we have our days where we treat ourselves BUT on a regular basis it's healthy food for her, and that's what drove me to this place! They are one of  the few places (I know of) in my area that offer such a healthy menu. Although all the staff members (I came in contact with in our visit) were all very friendly, they are not all very attentive. Our waitress completely forgot to bring me my drink and never came over to ask if we needed anything else/ if everything was ok or I would have reminded her about it. Other than that incident; I do think it's a great place to go for breakfast. And I would give it another shot! The pancakes are HUGE!!
It took a while to get seated (but this is typical at any breakfast place on a weekend morning), but the service was great, and I absolutely LOVE the seasonal pumpkin pancakes and butternut squash soup (I'm sure it comes from a can, but I still love it); I often order the two together. I like that I can order the kids portion (half) waffle with whipped cream without any fuss, and they provide access to unlimited coffee while you're waiting for your table.
I am updating my review based on the service we received today. We were way overcharged and when we addressed it with the waitress she said "that's just the way they charge you now". My husband and I each ordered one pancake on the side and we were EACH charged $3.49 for ONE pancake .  I don't mind paying for good food but that is absurd she should have charged is for one short stack or whatever. It's $3 no biggie but it's the principal we frequent there and tip VERY well I hate getting ripped off just because they can.
Great breakfast last week.  I've ordered the multigrain pancakes a few times in the past.  They always ask how many you'd like - but they are huge so I can't imagine having more than one.  There are a bunch of unique variations - banana granola, cranberry nut, carrot cake, and more.  This time I tried the bacon cheddar pancake.  When topped with syrup, it was the perfect sweet & savory breakfast.  The bacon was a little sparse, but I'd still order it again.  Check out more on my food blog: floridafoodlover.com/201…
My first trip to First Watch was a few years ago when I lived in South Florida. I remember I got the French toast and the potatoes and mostly remember it just being "okay." After some convincing, I made another trip to First Watch here in Tampa, expecting the same decent food that I remembered from a few years ago. I have to admit, I was really selling First Watch short and wasn't really looking forward to going. I ended up there however and decided I had been all wrong about First Watch. The place was pretty busy for Sunday brunch, but I know why. After perusing the menu for a little, I decided on the Via Veneto omelet. I ordered a side of greens as well as sausage. The omelet came out reasonably quickly and was a good size. There was plenty of food -- I was only able to eat one sausage link because I was so full of yummy food! Looking around, it seemed like pretty much everything looked and smelled amazing. The waffles and pancakes looked incredible! The prices at FW are totally reasonable too. My omelet was $8.50, a good price for such a large amount of food. The service was friendly here as well and I really enjoyed my breakfast here. First Watch, I'm sorry I didn't want to go to you today. I hope you accept my deepest apology, because I see lots of trips to you in the future!
The service here has always been above any competitors, but the food is pricey for what you get. 2 OJ's, 2 coffees and 2 regular breakfast items came to $30. So, despite the excellent service, it's just so much cheaper to eat at the local competitors who also serve great food. In fact, the less expensive options serve you more food. I was still hungry after breakfast. Not a bad experience, but I'll just go back to my usual joints for breakfast.
Delicious, quiet, clean, reasonably priced and YUMMY! First, I want to say that I was impressed they were open at 7am on New Years day! Kudos. Atmosphere: Loved the coffee mug on the wall which turned out to be a great place for a pic with my girl before leaving. Upon entering, they greeted and seated us immediately close to the food. Awesome! Food: Loved the menu upon first sight. Then I asked if they had gluten free and they brought me a menu explanation sheet that showed the gluten free options. Ordered the ParaHash without the muffin. Then i was so enamored, I ordered their Quinoa and Cherry meal as well for later. The food upon taste was delicious. Perfectly seasoned and divine! Yum! Not to mention that they brought a pitcher of water to leave at the table and a kettle of coffee. Wonderful! Service: The waiter was very attentive and kept the table laden with food and cleaned up quickly, as well as dealing with checks properly and effectively. Price was quite good for the food itself. Loved that they didn't kick us out even though we were done eating early and just wanted to drink coffee and chat. Had a blast catching up with my girl in this perfect spot.
My first time visiting this establishment was just ok. It wasn't grand or anything. Just your typical breakfast. Something I could have made at home myself, and probably cheaper. It just didn't have a "wow" factor for me to come back here.
Health friendly, vegetarian/vegan friendly, basically a really nice healthy breakfast restaurant. First Watch is not a fancy breakfast joint, it's plain with ordinary looking decor meant for a chain breakfast place, similar to Dennys. The menu is awesome and I love everything I've tried here from Florida French Toast to the veggie burger and Belgian waffles. The prices are reasonable, actually kind of cheap. You can eat here for under 8$ if you want. It's really not a bad breakfast place at all. Family and group friendly as well. The only issue I have with this place is the decor and overall logistics of the restaurant. The kitchen entrance is open to the guests so sometimes you can see what goes on inside and it feels not as private. Either way, I always come here when I have the chance for a great healthy breakfast.
My family and I needed a healthy breakfast while visiting Tampa, this place was perfect!!! Portions were perfect, kids were satisfied and my husband and I got a healthy breakfast that was reasonable price! We were greeted promptly, seated quickly and well taken care of! And if you want to try something new the quinoa bowls are wonderful.
Met up with a friend and was looking for a place with some healthy breakfast options.  Found this place so we ventured in.  Its a bit of a upper scale eatery well at least that is how its portrayed.  We arrived at 730a so there was only about 12 people seated already.   I ordered the egg white omelette from the "Healthier Side " part of the menu.which consisted of  house-roasted Crimini mushrooms, onions, tomatoes and green chilies. Served with housemade salsa, a dry English muffin and fresh fruit. The food was just ok , portions were small and overpriced. I understand its on the healthy option menu but the Kids meal at Mcdees had more food for 1/2 the price . The best part of the meal was the fruit salad which says a lot. The one positive thing was the waitresses were very friendly and attentive but that will be my last time there.
This breakfast spot came highly recommended from a colleague who travels to the area often. It's set in a small strip mall just past a hectic intersection. But it's absolutely worth the trip! I loved the selection of healthy alternatives and egg dishes. It took my coworker and I an extra ten minutes to debate our order. I tried the special (egg frittata) and he had the breakfast burrito. The portions were huge (but that didn't stop us from enjoying every bite!! The coffee was also delicious. I know that should be standard, but I remember it being remarkably good here.
This was recommended to us by a friend who comes to Tampa for business quite a bit.  I'm glad he recommended it because I never would have found it on my own.  It's in a shopping center and does not stand out on its own.  But inside the food smells great, the restaurant is spotlessly clean (although it does not have a ton of seating) and the food is terrific.  In our group of four we have some widely varying tastes, so the more "adventurous" eaters could get some interesting sandwiches or omelettes while the less adventurous among us could get standard bacon and eggs.  I highly recommend this place if you are in the area.
I'm not calling it an addiction...but the banana granola pancakes are what keep my friends coming back as often as they possibly can. Okay, I guess I am calling it an addiction! As usual, a lovely brunch at First Watch! The Belgian waffle was on the crispy side, which is exactly how I like it. Their turkey sausage is excellent, as is their apple-chicken sausage.  Service was fine, and the prices are more than reasonable.
Good, simple, fresh and healthy breakfast. This is our new go-to weekend breakfast spot (when we're not in the mood for a mimosa of course...)
Great place.  I eat here all the time and I've never had a bad meal. It's a great place to eat a healthy (or non-healthy) breakfast or lunch.  The wait staff are just wonderful.
Best breakfast in Tampa. Eggs were good quality and cooked perfectly to order. Bacon is AWESOME. The hash browns were seasoned and crispy. The waffle was amazing. They have sugar free syrup and whipped cream. Nice employees. Fast service. Big place not too crowded. Eggs, bacon, waffle, soda, and extra side of hash browns came to $14. A little pricey in comparison to breakfast spots in Largo but its South Tampa so its more $$. This will be my go-to breakfast spot
Good food without breaking the bank... Free WiFi too!!! You will receive your own pitcher of water and coffee/tea pot. The food is fresh and very tasty. I had 1 humongous blueberry pancake (yes with real blueberries). I ate off my hubby's scrambled eggs with cheese and that was tasty too. I sampled my hubby's french toast and it was tasty as well. I will visit them again. PS: They close at 2:30 - they are truly a daytime dining experience.
Always so good! Whenever I crave brunch, this is the place the comes to mind. They always have great service and their food is always delicious. We did not make a reservation (my mistake) and had to wait about 45 minutes during the rush hour. This wait was well worth it. You get a ton of food, which keeps you full all day, and makes the bill worth the amount. It is a little more expensive than other breakfast/brunch places, but you get what you pay for - excellent food and service.
Great service! Really, truly the service was outstanding. It was our first breakfast of the new year and they really left me with a smile on my face. The food was excellent and the portion sizes were huge. I had read an earlier review that complained about the meal size but even the kid's plates were huge so I'm not sure where that was coming from. Just a pleasant place with lots of healthy (and non healthy if that's your preference) breakfast options. And did I mention the service was some of the best around?
I just won't be back.  I have never been terribly impressed, but today was just gross. I ordered a Monte Cristo, it came out cold and tasted nothing like the touted turkey and ham that was described.  It tasted like corned beef.  I also asked for potatoes, which I had to ask for again.  I asked for syrup, which was also forgotten and when I reminded the waitress she said "well, we don't usually give that out with the Monte Cristo's".  I knew that, which was why I specifically requested it.   At one point one of the servers got a little too animated and nearly knocked our carraffe of coffee over, but I caught it in time.  Of course, she either didn't notice or care. Upon checking out for a $24 breakfast leaving me unfulfilled I noticed a trivia question on the board.  While trying to make conversation with the guy checking me out, he wouldn't even acknowledge my presence while he took payment from my husband.  He didn't say hello, he didn't say the total, he didn't wish us a happy day or ask how the food was.  Not a word. So, why two stars?  Because it happens to be right next to fresh market, where we went and got cupcakes after to stave off our dissatisfaction from a sub-par and over-priced meal with bad service.  The other star is not for First Watch, First Watch is just lucky that Fresh Markets cupcakes are so good.
Generally a fan of First Watch - Diner food in a cafe setting. I'm a huge fan of their Trifecta - eggs, pancakes or a waffle and bacon or sausage. I add pecans to the blueberry pancake and get a delicious pile of carbs that makes my tongue happy. However... 1. Their syrup is some HFCS crap not real maple syrup. That sucks a lot. I really do not want to put that on my food. 2. Their bacon borders on inedible - too thin, too salty - too crispy... seems like the cheapest food service option available. The wait staff is friendly and helpful, and the location is easy. Even on a busy Sunday AM just after noon they moved people in and got them served efficiently.
Very disappointing. In the neighborhood so is convenient, was not great on our last trip a year ago and this morning was  barely edible. Everything we ordered was undercooked (except the actual eggs). English muffins were gummy, tomatoes and fruit were not ripe and the potatoes were mushy and so over salted we had to drown them in ketchup. We were hungry and not the types to complain so we just made do and left.
really good breakfast place. everything is fresh! I love this place  and wish they were open all day! the service is good too and the waiters are pretty friendly.
Very good, fresh food - excellent service.   Great parking available. Like both the breakfast and lunch menu.   Their Tri omelet plate is very good and no shortage of coffee, tea, other beverages.   They have a pretty good selection of pre-designed omelets, but you can create your own feast. All of the wait staff are knowledgeable on the menu items, and if they don't know, they go ask, vice guess. Family friendly.  And business friendly.  We had a nice corner table that was quiet and easy for us to conduct a morning meeting at. Sat/Sun mornings can be a few mins wait - but nothing major. Right next to Fresh Market grocery store.
Other reviews mentioned problems with service but no issues when I visited.  I actually had lunch when I came here - chicken palermo sandwich and tomato basil soup as a side.  It was solid, not a mind-blowing experience like you'll get at Pinky's but definitely quality food.  I'd like to return again and try breakfast.
Well I guess we'll start with the fact that it took 49 minutes to get our food from the time we ordered.  I was actually hoping that the server forgot to enter our order rather than it actually took that long to make.  But no,it actually just took that long.  I had the chickichangas.  They tasted great, although a little heavy on the avocado.  My wife ordered the eggs Benedict.  Her yolks were over cooked, and the hollandaise was so salty, she said she'd be better off with a salt lick.  Overall, the wait was not worth the quality.
just ate lunch @First Watch, I'm glad I found it on yelp.  the service and food were very good.  it was pretty busy but we were greeted, seated and fed fairly quickly. :)  I enjoyed the power wrap that I ordered which came with fresh fruit and fresh homemade salsa. my friend whom accompanied me, ordered from the 2foryou menu and enjoyed his half Reuben sandwich with salad. my overall experience: fast, friendly and fresh. if I wasn't just passing through Tampa I would be a regular.
The food was pretty good but nothing spectacular or out of the ordinary. The menu descriptions didn't entice me to go outside of my staples of bacon, eggs and pancakes.
Great traditional breakfast that's fresh, delicious and not expensive.  Low key place where you can sit back, relax and enjoy a healthy breakfast.
PANCAKES AS BIG AS YOUR HEAD!  Light fluffy multigrain that DON'T taste multigrain. Other menu items like hashes very well done. Nice place for out of towers who arrive at airport, rent a car, and are on their way.
Great place ! Fast service..and the food was excellent ! Very fresh and filling...one of the best places to grab breakfast around.
I am not sure what everybody is raving about but this location is nothing to write home about. I had joined the Sun eClub and received a coupon for one free breakfast with one purchased one. So, my wife and I tried it. Well, starting with the server only half filling the coffee cup and splattering the coffee on the outside of the cup and on the table,  to a rather bland omelet. I had the Via Veneto omelet which was rather tasteless. My wife had the Key West Crepe - she didn't like it and thought it was flavorless. She also did not drink the coffee because it it had some strange taste - I thought so too.. We do not recommend this place. There are too many other good breakfast places around.
I was looking for a solid breakfast, instead I got a below average one. Just days prior I ate at Daily Eats for about the same price and I left wishing I ate there instead. I ordered the Bacado omelet, mostly because of the clever name, and coffee. The omelet was average but the grits were the most disappointing. They weren't creamy, instead tasted mealy. I couldn't take more than three bites. The coffee was really disappointing. They advertise it as if it's something really special but it was far from. It left me yearning for a cup of Maxwell House instant - yeah, it was that bad. My omelet cost about $8.50, which is very overpriced for this quality and the strained service. There is only one condition might make me return. My girlfriend ordered a side of carrot cake pancake, it was out of this world amazing. I'm thinking of eating really healthy an entire week and ordering a tall stack one day (without coffee!). If you're a pancake and OJ fan, this might be your place. If you're an eggs/grits and coffee person, like me, I highly suggest elsewhere.
If you are looking for good service, don't stop here! I just walked out after being seated 15 minutes ago and not a single server stopped to acknowledge us. Then observed another party of four walk in and have their order taken immediately. No one even noticed when we walked out. Completely under staffed! Won't be going back!
Really enjoyed breakfast here!!! A lot of good for you options, not to mention everything was so fresh and very good!!! We had the Key West Crepe, Burrito Vera Cruz and a blueberry pancake - everything was VERY good!!! We highly recommend!!!
Nice little place for breakfast on any day. Service was excellent and food was prepared fast. Will make this a regular stop for sure.
Atmosphere not the greatest, but the food, and coffee, have been awesome. I love that they offer healthy options.  Reasonable, good, healthy breakfast spot in a good location.
My favorite south Tampa breakfast spot. The food is consistent and always good. The wait staff and management are friendly and always running. There's a reason they are always on a wait on the weekends!
Great breakfast, get the trifecta!
