Great little country bar located in the landing. Not much going on around it. Prices were different with different bartenders but eventually found a good one.
Came on a Saturday night for line dance lessons and some fun. The lessons start at 8 but we got there around 9:20 so missed most of them but did catch two. The drinks are served in a mason jar for $12, unless they are having a special. There is a board that lists their specialty drinks and is very cool for the novice drinker like myself that never knows what to order. My only complaint was they only did line dances all night and since I missed the lessons I didn't feel comfortable enough to join in. If they mixed it up a bit I would have had more fun. It also was not that busy for a Saturday night, only about 1/2 full. I will be coming earlier and taking advantage of those free lessons though!
I'm 5'10 and wear high heels when I go line dancing. I also take shots of gin and they have awesome drink specials. Oh I had a great night! I think $5 to get inside. $5 to a ride bull. And all the extra entertainment was free. Learned a new party game. Revamp style of musical chairs where men lay on the ground and women circle them. When the music stop you chase one down and ride em! It gets real interesting to watch when it's down to two women and one man. Dude must have balls of steel - or mashed potatoes. I watch others dance for maybe two counts of 8. Jump in, turn around, and then slide back out before stepping on my own feet. Where do they learn all these dances? But some friendly girls later give me a few quick lessons and within 15 minutes, I've down another drink and back on the dance floor, partly watching a baseball game, and seeing security tell a drunk girl without any shoes, that she needs to go find them. DJ starts playing some real old stuff that I don't remember so I make my way up and down the bathroom - since the floor seems uneven. I asked a non drinking member of the party. So it wasn't just me, the floor really isn't even when going to the well kept bathroom that thankfully didn't have a long line.   Oh I had a great night! =great bartenders =good dj =plenty of drunk people to laugh at
Before you continue reading I would like to say that I have never physically set foot inside this establishment. Here is what went down: I was in town for the day with my family (We were a group of about 15/ all 21 years of age and older) and we had walked around the rest of the Landing (aka Bayside of Jacksonville) when we noticed this place upstairs and decided to give it a shot. My sister decided to try out this hurricane or tornado simulator thingie so I decided to go to the entrance and find out if there was a cover, dress code, etc. As I approached the girls at the front it was a little difficult to get their attention, there was no one in line to get in.. they were just chit chatting. After a couple of minutes a man came towards me and I asked if there was a cover charge.. " Five dollars, if you can manage it honey". I promptly turned, walked towards my group, and we all decided not to go inside. I really hope that they don't talk to all their customers this way. If they do, then there is only one explanation I can think of as to why people even come in here... there is simply NOTHING else to do in this city. After we left there we walked around the second floor a little and coincidentally ended up behind Mavericks..lol I really recommend anyone who is visiting to take a little walk around the back and check this place out from the windows. Haha... Tip to Mavericks: Customer Service is Key.
Alright, I tried to be as reticent about this "Honky Tonk" as possible, since I am a native Texan and have honky tonk deep in my bones.  But truthfully, it is a great place to have a good time.   I went for a Josh Gracin concert and arrived much earlier than I should have.  However, there were line dancing lessons that turned out to be quite diverting.  The instructor was enthusiastic (if kinda lame) and there were plenty of people giving it a shot. There is a large dance floor and plenty of room to two step.   I hear there's a mechanical bull upstairs, but that's not really what I was looking for.   The concert was good, the music BEFORE the concert was good.  After the show, it took a turn for the "less-rural" which is where it started to loose me.  I am a fan of country music (REAL country music) and was less interested in the "Men in Black Theme" towards the end of the night. Still, I give Mavericks a thumbs up.  It was a good time, but unfortunately will never measure up to Gruene Hall or even Billy Bob's in Texas. Give it a shot.  This will be as close to a honky tonk as the vast majority of Floridians will get.
A number of friends and I came here to watch the Florida/Georgia and had an amazing time over all. Pros: Large space, good drink specials, free shooters every-time our team scored, friendly bartenders, an amazing rave party just after the game! Cons: TVs were really bad, the overhead projector tried to broadcast a large-screen viewing but the definition was horrible.   Overall a great experience, just in need of a technology upgrade (...perhaps a quick call to Best-buy)
Mavericks is kind of a Disneyland type version of a country bar [maybe I should say Dollywood]--huge, stereotypical and superficial, but also a lot of fun. It's fitting that this place is located in the Landing, which itself is pretty huge, stereotypical and superficial, but still a lot of fun. The place really is huge and is mainly dominated by a dance floor that looks the size of a basketball court!  They also have bars everywhere and they need them--this place is usually packed.  Luckily, the army of bartenders can keep the drinks flowing, which always helps in a bar or club [you heard me O'Brothers]. The first time I ended up here was as part of a hastily planned [but awesomely fun] bachelorette party.  None of us were people who would normally go to Mavericks, but that turned out to be no problem.  This really is a sanitized version of a country bar and you won't be made to feel out of place no matter who you are.  We wound up having a great time and I'd have to say Mavericks is actually a great place for this kind of party--fun, easy, and enough room to wonder around without getting bored. I will definitely be back again, ready to kick up my boots and do some country line dancing! [Ha!] Or maybe not, but at least some drinking and fun times.
Mavericks is awesome! I'm not even a country music fan and we always have a good time. The club itself is huge and open, everyone that works there is great, and the drink specials rock. Tip: always ask about the specials since they always have good ones going on.
I've been here about 3-4 times (each time for the FL/GA game - Go Gators!) and its been fine everytime. Good time, drinks, music - the usual. Its all in the name of drunken fun. However, the last time was a disappointment, thanks to the bartender named Mark. He should be used to serving people who are on a different alcohol-induced level, but there wasn't a reason for him to be rude to me - a small and happy Gator fan trying to figure out what to drink. He gave me some serious cold shoulder and smack about taking too long to order and did not have customer service, so no drink was ordered or tip was given to this jerk. He also seemed partial to a couple of Georgia Bulldog fans who ordered after he was rude to me...maybe because I was wearing the orange and blue, it made him see red.
Awful! No dancing on a weekend horrible band. Leaving now. Not worth the cover charge . Don't come here if you want to dance
Perfect for a line-dancing good time. If a mechanical bull and some good ol' boys are your thing, you've found the right place. I probably would not do this every weekend, but it was a good change from the regular downtown bars. The staff is very friendly, as are the patrons. Not a huge fan of the allowance of smoking inside (mostly because I don't like leaving smelling like an ashtray), but I guess it goes with the ambience.
I am pretty sure riding a mechanical bull was not on my bucket list, but I will check it off anyway! Had a chance to hang out at Mavericks with a group of about twenty friends, a good time was had by all. I am definitely not a Honkey Tonk kind of guy, and have as much interest in learning line dancing as i do mastering the hokey pokey. The music was a mix of country, rock, and dance. The crowd here two stepped to every song, regardless of genre, so it made for an interesting evening of people watching as random groups of people collided with each other on the dance floor. It was like bumper cars with cowboy hats all to the tune of "Don't Stop Believing" by Journey. The staff was friendly, environment was fun. My bull ride lasted 14 seconds and cost me $5. The joy of having my "friends" post it in Facebook? Priceless!
Downstairs women's restroom- One restroom stall had no door. Another no paper holder or paper.  Attendant on duty said I should ask the next stall.  With a $5 cover and an attendant?!?!  I don't think so!  The one upstairs had no paper towels at all.  They put a lot into the place but not where it counts.
