Very fun on a friday or a monday. the bartenders are fun and the other staff knowledgeable. Monday this week, they werent very busy and the door-security person gave a nice tour of the building's history to my girlfriend and I. I will do my best to get back here again.
The Gator Club was a nice little bar hopping experience in downtown Sarasota.  This place offers strong drinks, live music, and a good time.  This bar is a little grungy and smokey so be forewarned.  We had a good time though.
I came in the middle of the week, so my view is limited as to what they are like on the weekends but they had cheap cosmos on ladies night and the bartender (Andrew maybe he name was? An older gentleman at the upstairs bar) was incredibly friendly and the building is unique and the furnishings are very cool. I enjoyed he environment and the billiards upstairs.
Double decker cough fest ... Well, you can no longer smoke upstairs but the smoke remnants still remain. I've been here on several occasions and I can't say that I'm very impressed. The building itself, inside & out is lovely, full of history. I just can't get past the smoke. I thought they didn't allow it anymore but everyone is still lighting up and the air is so stagnant. I've been upstairs for a special show by BDB (actually on its 100th anniversary) and it is much better up there because smoking wasn't allowed but you can still get whiffs of it... I mean this is a bar and nightclub but I guess for some drinks durning Happy Hour or a nightcap, I would rather pass it up. Come for the live entertainment and try not to miss the street party's they host! And pay attention to when  the BDB troupe (Black Diamond Burlesque) hold their peep or full shows there, they are NOT to missed!
F.U.N!! Such a great nighttime spot! Two floors, live cover band on first floor and a DJ on the second floor the night we went. We stayed upstairs mostly because we found a sweet corner bench seat to rest our bootys after shakin them in heels on the dance floor lol ;) Bartenders were quick and made some sweet cocktails. Crowd was late 20's 30 ish. We can't wait to go back!!
Cool history to this dressed up drinking hole, the surly characters past are probably way better than the pickled hobos present... at night, there's a vibe that's fun & you don't get how weird they are, because this is a spot you jump into when you already have your swerve on... get in & get out! Fun times. If you come in here during the daylight hours or before the band starts, you want to climb to the roof & cannon-ball off it... it's that depressing. A soul-sucking, blues singing, high-end dive bar that's a mosaic of class & crap, worth visiting! ... when the sun goes down.
I don't know why, but the Gator Club was never the place for me. I had way to many nights here that weren't awesome to make up for the 3 or so that were alot of fun. I actually had to tell an old guy that I was in AA and so he could not buy me a drink and he still wouldn't go away. I'm pretty sure I claimed to like girls more than boys next and that still didn't work so we just relocated to another bar after that. I 2nd Lauren M about the stairs. DANGEROUS!
I really like the décor and atmosphere here, minus the patrons.  We were here with a large group just to drink a couple of drinks after dinner and before going clubbing somewhere else.  This bar is for exactly that, a short stop to grab some drinks.  Come earlier and starve trying to avoid the buffet or come late and deal with the live band that makes conversation with friends impossible.   The mixed drinks here are good, tasty and strong.  But, expect to pay an average price of $8.00 per drink.  Happy hour ends at 7pm, and I have yet to make it so I don't know what their happy hour actually involves.  Sure, there are better bars on Main St, but this one is the closest to the places I frequent for dinner.
I loved this place. I was in town to visit a friend and we checked out Gator Club.  We had a blast.  A nice variety of music downstairs and upstairs, lots of dancing, great people and great drinks. Highly recommend it.
My boyfriend and I were out with his father and father's girlfriend when they decided they wanted to go out to a club.  I was nervous about the potential awkwardness of us bringing our 60ish companions out on the town, but when we hit The Gator Club it became immediately apparent that my boyfriend and I would be the odd ones out.  I was at least two decades younger than the rest of the patrons, though you wouldn't know it from the way they danced. My biggest complaint is the music.  It is extremely LOUD - don't expect to leave with eardrums intact, let alone have a conversation at any point in the evening.  The night we went there was a live band who started strong with a mind-blowing cover of Personal Jesus, then quickly turned sour with Michael Jackson covers that were way out of their league. A little bit of acoustic work and I might go back to people-watch, but until then this is definitely on the "avoid" list.
I had a GREAT time at The Gator!!!! I was not thrilled about paying the cover charge but once I got in it was one of the coolest places I hit in Sarasota. The place used to be a brothel back in the day and it continues to ooze Old World charm. A live band played rock covers from Jovi to Tom Petty to U2 one the ground floor and a bar catered to everyone's thirst. Upstairs a DJ played hip hop while a lounge area with pool tables catered to the more mellow with the upstairs bar serving both crowds. Really a great place to dance, take in tunes, have some drinks and revel in the historic atmosphere of the place. To top things up, we saw an actual hooker get busted by the cops just outside the door.....doesn't get better than this kids!
Fun on the weekends especially upstairs with hip-hop playing.  My favorite bartenders are Andrew upstairs and the older lady w/ the big hair.  She pours 'em strong.  The upstairs section used to be a gentleman's club aka brothel.  Rumor has it is haunted w/ the ghost of a former working girl who was offed by her john.  The original window is up from when money was collected for a stiff drink and "good time". I have been during the week.  I am not old enough yet for cougar status so I wasn't feeling it so much.  I would really love to see some live bands downstairs that play original music.  I am really tired of cover bands, which seems to be what this town caters to.
What can I say, if you liek dancing to bands that play corny 80s music and fun dance songs then this is your place.  I love that corny 80's music so I try to make my way here especially if the Boneshakers are here.  They used to be every Friday but now they are there on occasion.  They also have a DJ on the 2nd floor so if that's an option too.  It's not a modern club by anymeans, in fact the building is very old.  They just celebrated their 100th anniversary, when it was once a brothel.  You can kind of get a feel for what it was like as a lot of the decor is still original.  Always a fun night out with which can be very entertaining especially if you like to people watch.
I want to write this review to right some wrongs. For me, Gator Club is a winner. A Sarasota institution, the building is almost one hundred years old. First a package store, then a brothel, this converted bar has character. The dark wooden interior sets a relaxed atmosphere, and there is good music, upstairs pool tables and bar-tenders not for the faint of heart. I really liked the setting and I went back here twice in two nights. True the clientele runs the gambit of ages, but I had no problem finding someone to dance with and I'm 23. A fun dive, definitely worth a visit for those who are looking for a hang out right on main.
Decent selection of beer. Typical college bar atmosphere, minus the college age patrons. There a was a good live band doing some sweet covers on Saturday night. A couple pool tables upstairs with a different atmosphere from the downstairs. It seems like a fun joint when you're young and single, but I wouldn't frequent it every night.
My biggest complaint is that people can smoke indoors here! Just awful....stay clear from this place if that will bother you. Other than that this place was just so so. Would go back for a quick drink but wouldn't care to hang out for too long...
Was in Florida weekend of 06/22/12 to 06/24/12 and checked this place out while tropical storm Debby was ruining my vacation. . . lol. . . .  I have NO COMPLAINTS about TGC.  I got EXACTLY what I was looking for: 2 floor location with mixed music (which included a live band on the main floor), good drinks, cool crowd with a handful of bouncers.  We were charged $5 c/c at the door but I was on vacation so the c/c was NOT a factor.  Overall, I would return to this location without hesitation the next time I'm in town.
gator club bartending school will be hosting a variety of mixology courses, class (941) 366-5969 for more details. gator club bartending school is sarasota's newest mixology programs in the southwest florida region. thegatorclub.com
WORST bar in Sarasota! If I could've given zero stars, I would. My family and I drank for an hour and spent a hundred dollars. When we asked for a stamp so we could have dinner an return, the manager refused an said it was bar policy. I said it was bad business to which he replied, "don't come back!" Super respectful and classy for the manager of a has been club. You're lucky to have patrons at all!
Its alright, its one of the few places that is actually open after "a certain time" at night. In Sarasota, that "certain time" happens to be 10:00pm lol! Anyways, its an okay place, your service will vary. The service is very polarizing, its either good or bad-never in-between. But hey, sometimes they even have a good band playing here, like Democracy, Cherry Bombs, Chameleon..etc
Definitely a biker bar. Used to be a brothel, kind of cool. Nice pool tables upstairs.
