The Center for Nia and Yoga has a bright aura and a welcoming environment.  The director, Casey Bernstein, exudes a confidence that equally invites your inner self assurance and love for the body you were born with to surface.  When I go to the Nia classes, I do not feel subconscious about how I look or how I move.  The Nia instructors and other dancers treat each other like beautiful sculptures in an art museum, valuing the different shapes and sizes with not only acceptance, but with admiration.  It is also important to mention that I have Fibromyalgia, a chronic pain condition, causing pain in my muscles and joints.  Nia is conducive to people with this condition, as Nia operates from the point of view of the mover and focuses on learning to listen to your body and move your body's way.  I always feel better and more fluid after a Nia class.
I am so glad that I finally took the time to invite yoga into my life. If you're a beginner, like myself,  the Center for Nia & Yoga is such a comfortable and non-judgemental place to embark on your first real yoga journey. However, the classes are filled with many a level of expertise, so whether you've practiced for years or not, there is definitely a place for you. I am taking Kat Abram's classes and she is pretty fantastic. She is open and encouraging, and not at all intimidating. She wants you to be comfortable and her classes are very invigorating; both spiritually and physically. I have only been to 3 classes and I can already feel my body in a different way. It's funny how you can become aware of something, and then suddeny because of this, that thing starts to change. In this case, that thing is my body, and it is wonderful. Aside from all the personal fulfillment, it's also super local and pretty affordable. It's located right where Washington and Lark intersect. The yoga studio is on the second floor and the space is perfect. The room is strewn with persian rugs and there is a constant flow of light leaking in through the tall windows, making the room open and bright. Needless to say, it is a very comfortable environment for stretching, breathing, and meditating. My package cost about $120 for 7 classes; not too bad, if you ask me. It is pretty fantastic to treat yourself to something like yoga at least once a week. There are a variety of teachers and classes and they offering everything from meditation to djembe drumming. As you can see, there is something for everyone. Take a day out of your busy life and do something for yourself! Check out the Center for Nia & Yoga. Drop by and try out a class. You won't regret it.
A few uncomfortable experiences left me pretty hesitant about yoga. Okay, hesitant is putting it nicely - I was being downright negative. But then my mother started taking classes here and insisted I could give it a shot. Despite my insecurities, incredulity and a dash of skepticism, I joined her for some Nia classes. Lo and behold, I liked it. Nia's not technically yoga, which is probably why I like it. It's a mix of yoga and dance with a few martial arts-type moves thrown in. So it's highly active, which I find I prefer to holding long stretches and poses. But more importantly, I feel really comfortable there. It attracts a really nice group of people, of all different skill levels. I feel relaxed and calm, without the level of self-consciousness I've experienced in other yoga/dance settings. You don't have to commit to a class either. You can pay-per-class and just drop in when you're available. Bottom line, if you're looking to dip your toes in the yoga water, i highly recommend this place. They also hold monthly drop-in dance jam sessions, drumming classes and a few other things.
The Center for Nia and Yoga has been a gem in Albany NY for the past 20 years. The space is beautiful.  The walls are lined with huge windows that let in a great deal of sunshine, and the owner of the studio is just as bright as the sunshine that fills her studio.  Casey Bernstein is a passionate and inspiring woman who is constantly working to beautify Albany and the Albany community.   The Center offers a number of classes including, Nia, Yoga, African Drumming, Expressive Arts, and Belly Dancing.  I personally have only taken Nia and Yoga classes at the studio.  Although all of the classes seems to be great, Nia definitely takes the spotlight at this studio.  If you want to dance with great people to great music then the Center for Nia and Yoga is definitely a great place.  If you are unsure about Nia, you should attend a "Dance Jam." Dance Jams are offered on a fairly regular basis and combine Nia, freedance, and community engagement.  The Center is a great place to meet people, move (in any form you want), and feel rejuvenated. Parking is a little bit sketchy (and the only reason I gave The Center a 4 out of 5 stars) but after you enter the studio you will immediately forget that you are in downtown Albany, and you will feel as though you have entered a sacred and special place (which you have).
