Really... Truly... Lovely. It's been a few years since I first discovered this wonderful restaurant and it has consistently dazzled me. Today was no exception. Early lunch in the open courtyard with a lifelong friend... Brazilian music piping through the outdoor speakers in perfect harmony with the trickle of water in the center fountain... iced tea and a little breeze... delicious dishes and the very sweetest service from Lisa.
This is my second time going here. My friends and I had a girls night and I will say this time was so disappointed compared to the first time which after hearing about how they have new management It makes sense. My meal was amazing (duck) but all three of my friends entrees were mediocre at best. Complete lack of flavor and all way undercooked. I will say as far as drinks, atmosphere, and entertainment this place is on point but the food plain sucked.
To my disappointment, I save this place for special occasions such as birthdays and anniversaries       Found out they changed hands and new owners took over, the atmosphere is amazing and music was grand... Food was just plain nasty....... I ordered to start escargot ,let's just say they are not as I remembered. My husband had a seafood salad that was so fishy and salty tasting.....   For my entrée I ordered the filet Mignone it came raw , I order my steak med rare ....well everyone ate their dinner as I waited for mine to be re cooked etc ....well I finally told the waitress in private I'm done waiting and please I really can not enjoy it at this point .Well as rude as the waitress can get she came back to the table and announced its ready and knowing my husband not to be embarrassed let her wrap it up instead of taking it off the bill.... I'm sitting here at home disgusted with our whole experience... Unless we go for Just drinks and music...I will not be wasting my $$$$ eating  at Brew Babies. Ever again.....Very low quality and very sad I truly miss the old owners
Brew Babies is our Restaurant of choice in Southwest Florida. My wife and I Love it. We have taken many people to Brew Babies with 100% satisfaction. The have many Great items on their menu but we love the Salmon Wellington. I have eaten a variety of food selections and have always been pleased.
Wow, this was the best dinner I have had in ages.  I dined alone but unlike other restaurants where I have been made to feel less than welcome, it was like having dinner at a really good friend's table.  Michelle offered to let me taste the 505 Winery selection when I mentioned that I had never tried it.  Dominic, the maitre 'd welcomed me and was very gracious and entertaining.  I had the spinach salad which perfectly melded the flavors of spinach, heart of palm, beets, gorgonzola cheese and balsamic dressing.   I then had a perfectly cooked filet mignon with a truffle and mushroom demi glaze, garlic mashed potatoes and green beans.  Michelle then recommended her favorite dessert, the key lime pie.  It was like tasting a cloud, light and refreshing...absolutely delicious. It's really very rare that I dine in a restaurant with outstanding food, service and live entertainment.  Brew Babies hits all three, a trifecta!
One of Cape Coral's hidden treasures.  We never would have found it without the receptionist at our motel telling us about it.  Great food, great service.  We WILL be back.  Loved the ambience !
One of the best dining experiences on the cape.   Excellent food, great service. And a wonderful atmosphere, inside or out.  Try to catch the blues band, featuring the owners wife, they are awesome.
Hard to believe this place is in Cape Coral! And don't get me wrong... I love Cape Coral! But there is just something different about Brew Babies! Open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Offers a full bar and music at night on the weekends. Menu options for lunch include anything from a salad, quiche, hamburger, roasted veggie wrap to fresh seafood!  There is something for everyone. Come when the weather is nice so you can sit outside. Beautiful setting!
Hands down favorite place in the cape! Amazing atmosphere (courtyard seating) friendly and attentive staff an delicious food! We look forward to it every time we visit. It's a magical place
Our party of five ate at this beautiful restaurant on a Friday night.  Our table was in the open air atrium.  Lovely outdoor seating surrounded with bushes and trees for your privacy.  One of the owners sings in the jazz band that started at 7:00 and played all evening.  This was a nice treat for our party.  The food was very, very good.  No complaints from anyone.  Their wait staff are all very friendly and attentive.  There is a full bar with seating.  This is one of my new favorites.
What a refreshing treat right here in the Cape!  Atmosphere & decor are neat, food is delicious!  Looking forward to dinner in the courtyard.
Unique dining for Cape Coral. Great menu. Great staff. Try it for a special occasion. Nice interior. Night entertainment.
This is one of our two favorite restaurants in Cape Coral.  The other being Mistos.  The food at Brew Babies is fresh and delicious.  The wait staff is extremely well trained and the owner visited our table and really showed appreciation for our visit.  Though a little pricy, it is well worth it!
The lunch menu is great and they have daily specials.  One star docked due to the lack of readily available vegetarian options at dinner. They will make a vegetarian dish; however, it seems like they only have one option if my experiences spaced more than two years apart are any indication. No idea why it wasn't on the menu because it's a perfectly acceptable entree. Atmosphere is nice and service is great.
We went for Vday dinner !! Food .. atmosphere and service were excellent!! I would go back anytime .. Garden is lovely..be sure to make reservation :)
It is hard to be a bar, a cafe, a live music joint with indoor outdoor seating and not seem like a hokey pokey mish mash of stuff, but BrewBabies pulls it off w/o a hitch.  They even have a little library inside, with comfy seats for hanging. The owners wife was there with a band, sitting outside, singing, playing the keyboard. It was fairly busy for a Thursday nite, which is good to see.  ANd it isn't in a strip mall!  Sweet baby Jesus, it is like being in another world. By far the nicest place I have visited in the Ft. Myers/Cape Coral area...except for maybe Roy's, but that isn't an everyday place. This is, and try the escargot mushroom bite app.  quite nice.
Went with party of 3 on a January Wednesday evening, 7pm reservation.  Seated promptly, drink order taken.  Then a woman came by, possibly the owner, and asked us to move because "a very large man" needed to be seated at this particular table due to its chairs/table configuration.  We had no issue with this and she thanked us by promising complimentary desserts.  A party of 4 was then seated at the table, and none of them was any larger than one of our party.  They did, however, seem to know all the staff quite well.  Make of that what you will. Service was a bit harried but accurate and prompt.  Caprese app was pedestrian while scallops were very good in veal Demi with mushrooms.  Too bad they weren't actually seared as advertised; why do so many restaurants have trouble with this easy preparation?  Salmon Wellington entree was well prepared but small.  Chicken entree was predictably acceptable, steak was cooked a tad beyond what was ordered.  We did order 1 dessert but can't remember what so clearly not outstanding, nor was it comped.   We're new to the area and had visited Brew Babies for lunch in July, very much enjoying our meals and our fun server.  Since then we have heard repeatedly this place is "good but expensive" and now having gone for dinner during the busier time of year, our own opinion is "ok and expensive."  We won't be rushing back but may give it another try after we check out some other spots.  We do like the decor/ambiance but it may be a better lunch spot than dinner choice, especially if you're not a regular.
Yes!  A yummy place in Cape Coral--and NOT a chain restaurant.  I can't believe it!  Apparently this place has been here for years, but being it's on Lafayette, it's kind of hidden. The food was spectacular--we got a pan seared jumbo scallop (which was served in a delicious sauce),  pork osso bucco with wild mushroom rissoto, and their specialty brick oven pizza.  Everything was very tasty and they have a cool courtyard with live music. This is one of the few places I would recommend in Cape Coral.  It's a little pricey, but totally worth it.
The Best in Cape Coral, maybe the best in Southwest Florida.  Fresh creative menu every night.  Live Music, Fabulous food, great drinks, and an atmosphere that tells you you are sitting in a Bistro somewhere in Europe. A totally delightful evening.
I can't say enough great things about this restaurant.  We dined in the open air courtyard and every dish from the soup to the grouper...which was caught by the owner's husband the day before, to the dessert were terrific.  Make this one priority one!
I can't decide which I like more, the menu or the ambiance.  I have been here a dozen times and have never been disappointed.  If I had to decide, I would probably say that the Osso Bucco is my favorite dish, but the salmon salad and lobster scampi are close seconds.  The restaurant can be hard to find if you are not familiar with the area because it's off the cape coral pkwy, so call ahead for directions.  I give you my word, you will be very pleased and would imagine this will not be your only visit. Enjoy the food....I always do!
Great service. Great food  everything perfect.  A definite go to if you"re on Cape Coral
The perfect Bistro. Owners Valerie and Wayne turned an old four plex into the perfect garden restaurant.  Perfect for a quiet intimate dinner or a party of twenty.  The food is superb.  The staff is simply the best.  This is Cape Coral's best secret.  A little hard to find, it's just south of the Holiday Inn.
Great atmosphere and great food! The chicken entree was excellent as well as our Filet Mignon. Appetizer was small for the price. This is one of the best places to eat in Cape Coral.
We dined at Brew Babies on March 22 to celebrate a birthday.  The staff at Brew Babies has been expertly trained.  Every time we frequent this restaurant it is amazing.  We dined in the courtyard.  It is the place to sit.  Great people watching but still intimate.  Can't wait for our next experience at Brew Babies.  Kudos to the owners!
We had heard of this place several times, but never got the chance to go, so late one night when we found ourselves without dinner at 8:30pm, we decided to go look it up.  WOW!  It's this place in the middle of nothing, just before the downtown area of Cape Coral.  It was a beautiful setting of multiple rooms inside and out and live music at the entry.  I felt like we were in a small town in France or something.  Our timing could not have been better, as I believe we would have had a long wait earlier, but the hostess (who I believe was the owner), seated us in the courtyard area right away.  The atmosphere was fantastic and so was the food.  Fresh fish in the garden courtyard! Believe it or not, that's hard to find in this area.  The food was cooked correctly and served promptly.  It turned out to be a very romantic night.  This is a great place for any occasion!
I guess we hit the place on a day they had a new chef because the food we had doesn't sound like any of the other reviews here. The bright spots were the excellent waitress (cheery and efficient) and and ambiance of old Florida. The food was below average at best. The soup was OK, but the entrees (it was lunch) were below par. My California burger was cooked OK, but the bun was a huge, bland onion-flavored disappointment. My wife's chicken pannini sandwich was dry and my daughter's chicken wrap was so full of garlic it was quite unpleasant. The party at the table next to ours had one of their orders returned! Like I said, we must have had a substitute chef on duty because everyone else here on Yelp likes the place. To each his own. There are many places in the Cape with much better food.
We attended to the tuscan evening with live music. The food was super and the staff was attentfull. The interior is cosy, but a little kitchy. Family operated business with a flair. Definetely unique in the Cape. Prices are reasonable.
I love this place for a nice night out with friends or loved ones for a special dinner or just a comfortable atmosphere.  The Dining is priced accordingly for a higher end dinner, but not out of reach for most....if it was a bit more affordable, I would probably just go there more often, but I never regret the bill after any experience there.
Wayne from the restaurant called and apologized for the episode and has sent us a certificate to try again. He explained the problem and what had happened, accepted the responsibility, and asked that we return. I updated my original review as he felt it was harsh which really was not the intent. I will update once we go back and am certain they will shine through as they intend to do. The review as written reflects our experience in the restaurant as is not intended to hurt them but help them which is what Yelp is intended to do.
Very enjoyable lunch with my wife today.  Courteous service from all staff.....shown to our table promptly.  Each of us ordered the sirloin tips.  They were served under a tasteful mushroom sauce and roasted potatoes and snow peas.  Very well seasoned and we each recommend the meal.  Our waitress was very friendly and made sure my coke was refilled as I emptied it.  Put this restaurant on your dining list!
I love Brew Babies. The atmosphere is perfect on a nice day, the waitstaff is very friendly, and the food is very good. I wish the chicken quesadillas with mango salsa was on the menu permanently though!
Love this place. The owner Wayne is very pleasant and is a hands on guy. Service was very good, even though they were slammed. Reservations are recommended on the weekends.The food is a little pricey, but well worth it. The place is gorgeous, two houses joined by an outside dining terrace with live entertainment. I had the salmon, served with fresh carrots, green beans and couscous and it was perfect! They have an extensive wine list plus a nice martini. If you are in Cape Coral this place is a must!! Kinda hidden, but it's right across from the Holiday Inn Express, so is easy to find. Free parking. They have been in business for 6 yrs and do a great job. I will definitely return.
Surprisingly good for the area (emphasis on "for the area").  Simple.  Great ambience, fun place to poke around after dining.  But overall, the food was forgettable.
We were sat outside on a reservation made for inside. It was cold and windy and we were told all the heaters were taken (we also had a 9 month old with us). Then, after ordering our second bottle of wine, our waitress disappeared for a whole 30 minutes, without any update on our food or refills on drinks. Not the greatest experience. Make sure you talk loudly on your reservation call.
this place is a sleeper you will not expect the awesome experience you will have.
Brew Babies is by far my favorite restaurant in Cape Coral. No place in the area with atmosphere similar, and I can't get enough of their food. I've only experienced their lunch, and love it every time. In the mind of some consumers it's 'pricey', but you will spend the same amount eating at any other decent restaurant.
