Fresh fish, cold beer, good service. Great view of the canals. Wife likes it too. The unknown diner digs it.
We have eaten here about five times already, making the long drive to Pine Island still even after we realized it is too far away to commute from (when we first got there, we thought we'd be only commuting to Cape Coral - not Naples. But I digress...). Their wings are amazing. Their Castro burger is amazing. The Nachos are amazing. Everything is amazing. Notice a trend? They also have Cigar City on tap among other things.  The fact we can sit by the water and order a Maduro is sheer heaven. The first time we ever set foot into this place, it was extremely busy and their was a wonderful guitarist. He was great, and he started to play "Wagon Wheel" (the Old Crow version) after I whispered to my fiance how cool it'd be if he knew how to play that. There is no way he heard me over the noise and distance, but the fact it was literally immediately after I said that made me get up and give him a tip. We have since brought friends to this place, and if they let you rent it out we've talked about having an informal reception or engagement party there as well (not sure if you can or not, haven't had time to ask yet). It isn't always busy on Saturdays, and I suspect now that the tourist season is over it will be a lot less busy in general.  You can set yourself outside, sit at the bar inside or out, or sit at various tables inside.  We've had the server Louise several times (including our first time) and she is as nice as can be, especially with her recommendations! Still haven't had anything on their menu, food or beverage, that we have been disappointed with (including Louise's recommendation on their sweet tea). Always A+. Highly recommended, if not just for the food, but for the gorgeous view and great staff.
Hands down best Clamstrips I've ever had. The were really tender and flavorful. The fries were very good. They were pretty busy but service was still good. The only reason they didn't get a five was because the coleslaw didn't have much taste and my wife's salad was wilted. I will definetly be back!
Nice outdoor seating. Pretty cool bar inside. Really what I expected coming to St James City. Nice service, good food, relaxing atmosphere. Would recommend stopping in if you're in the area.
I had a Mahi Reuben, which was great. The fried clams were also really good. Service was the pits. It took over 45 minutes for the food to arrive. I enjoyed the live music, but after awhile I want food!!
We live near Woodys and wished it was a good restaurant because it's convenient to where we live.  However, after trying it at least 5 times, we're not impressed.  We've gotten sick twice after eating here.  Within 30 minutes of finishing.  We have neighbors who like it, so I guess we just kept trying to like it too, thinking it must just be us.  Well, between poor service, cold food, not very inspired-tasting food, and food that's made us sick twice, we're done trying.  Won't be going back.
We came on a Monday afternoon and was horrible service and extremely rude servers. Also, they were out of half the food on the menu.
Love the atmosphere of Woody's both during the day and at night.   The food is decent - try the Conch chowder if you are there when it's on special.  It's like Manhattan Clam Chowder. Overall on the pricier side for both food and drinks.  Domestic drafts are $2.50 each which is easily a dollar more than the rest of the establishments in town.  I have to give Woody's credit for the extensive micro and craft beer menu and the specialty drinks.  However, paying New York and Los Angeles prices for a Dogfish Ale ($6) just doesn't fly in this town unless you're a tourist. Come by boat up the Monroe Canal, come by car, or ride your bike.  Plenty of outdoors seating on a nice day and plenty of sitting in the dining area or at the bar on not-so-nice days. Also check out when Woody's has events such as bands or charity events.
Good food - great location - like it when Yard Dog Charlie is playing - fun & funky - always sit at the inside bar as smokers take up the deck - this is true at many Florida bars!
Fresh grilled local grouper perfectly cooked and we r discerning w fish! Cool n airy we sat in bar n had good service. Mike enjoyed Guinness on draught. Salad was fresh w tasty tomatoes big cherry ones n cuke olives cheese n micro greens . Well priced dinner plate size lunch for 13$ big serving grouper on salad. Very pleased. Wifi helpful as our hotel didn't have it.
The view makes it a 4 star for sure. And the crowd is really nice. Lots of locals. One of my favorite places whenever I'm in the area.
Service was good, but the food was not very good at all. Grouper fish and chips was obviously old fish. Coconut shrimp tasted like Cisco frozen product. Also were out of bread bowls for soup on a Friday night. FOR SURE if the live music is by Jay Crawford, don't walk, RUN to another place for the evening. Besides the constant raunchiness, the talent was very subpar.
We nearly starved on this shit-hole island.  After walking out of 2 places that would not wait on us we spotted this place on our way off this lost island. I had the highly recommended Cuban Sand, and it was ok and only slightly warm.  It came with a bag of kettle chips that sucked. Wife had fish fingers & fry's.  She said it was pretty goo and her fry's were tasty. It was overpriced and we won't set foot on this lost in time island again Gilligan!
Great place for food/beer...bonus is Guinness on tap! Lobster & Crab bisque is excellent...sweet potato fries, Ahi tuna wrap, fresh Grouper...yummy! We went via boat.  The no wake zone is long so it takes a while to get too...if closer to inlet would be 5 stars.
Ate there 2 nights ago with my family. My daughter and I ordered their smoked beef sandwich, my wife ordered their nacho plate and my other daughter had their chicken nuggets. The smoked sandwiches were spectacular. The beef was smoked to a perfection, by the way you could see their smoker outside and it was operating. The nacho plate was loaded and they didn't skimp on it. The chicken nuggets according to my youngest was delicious. The waitress was great and very friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone.
Stopped into this cute spot - we were the first ones their right at opening.  They were super friendly and pretty quick with service.  I ordered the coconut shrimp but after trying and seeing my fiance's choice of the cuban sandwich, it was so good!  I do feel that the food was a little pricey.  For two of us we got out of there for $28 and only had two soft drinks and the coconut shrimp and the cuban sandwich.  I would go back for the cuban if I was in the area but I would never make a special trip.
Love this place the Castro was excellent cooked perfectly and the crowd was hilarious 60 something's gettin down, hammered drunk! But what do you expect when the sign out front reads "drunkenmost point of florida" love it!
Great Little bar off the beaten path.  Food was very good and service was great.  Good craft beer selection (Especially for Florida) Special was Dogfishhead 90 Min IPA that night
We love to sit along the canal but keep forgetting about the no-see-ums.  If you go anytime around sunset or later and plan to sit outside, be sure to douse yourself in bug spray first or you will be itching for days.  Otherwise this is a fun spot for a couple drinks and a casual meal while watching people putt-putt by in their boats.  We tried the Buffalo-style wings this time and were pleasantly surprised.  Being from upstate NY we are pretty skeptical and often don't even order "Buffalo" wings but the folks at Woody's are doing it right.  The wings were plump and juicy, no batter, crispy skin and just enough heat to wake up your mouth.  They came with both ranch (??) and the requisite blue cheese, and the appetizer order was great for 3 hungry adults.  Two of us then ordered the jerk chicken salad special which was quite pedestrian - no complaints, just nothing special.  The third entree was a fish & chips (grouper) which was pronounced "good" although we agreed the portion of fish was a little skimpy.  Their fries are really good and plentiful enough to share; perhaps they use that double-frying method but not sure.  Mixed drinks are huge but not the most generous pour of booze.  As mentioned we dined on the patio/deck, and the floor out there definitely needed some love from a broom and dustpan, while several tables were in need of bussing when we arrived and still waiting when we left.  Fun place to take visitors as long as they're not gourmands and are willing to donate some of their flesh to chiggers :)
Had a good lunch here today.  The place was slammed with people, yet we had good service.  Their burgers and wraps were wonderful and the fries and onion rings were hot and very good.  And of course, the beer was cold! Win - win all around.
Shrimp pretty good, drinks not too good, chicken breast not fresh, veggies leave lots to be desired. Atmosphere just okay, on canal not open water. Probably would not make drive again. Friendly service though.
After a scrumptous lunch at the Waterfront we ventured another 3/4 miles up the road to Woody's for a post lunch brewski. You could smell the smoker as you pulled in to park and it was definitely enticing. We sat at the bar and so we had a birdseye view of the food coming out of the kitchen. On our next visit to St James City we will try Woody's for lunch based on our observations from this visit. Breezy outdoor seating, live entertainment and Cornhole in the back...what could be bad?
Bad slow service. Food less than mediocre. Entertainment is sad.
Love the pulled pork sandwich and the black bean nachos.  It' fun to go on Monday nights for Mardi Gras Monday with Charlie from the Yard Dogs.  Service is friendly and attentive.  You can come by boat or car.
9/30/11 Now this is. Florida! Lands ark beer,  cement floor, patio by the canal and shrimp. Hey Jimmy, play us a song. The town is not fancy, but who cares. I'll bebackrealsoon.
