Wolf's is awesome and it seems to attract plenty of people. You walk in and it's a restaurant to the right, a huge bar to the left, and has games where you can win tickets/prizes in the back. The restaurant area can get somewhat loud, but not overwhelmingly. The bar has about 20 taps, which is really great for the Albany area. They have as solid set of beers on all the time plus quality rotating lines, which is nice to see. The bartenders are always happy to offer tastes of beers you've yet to try. I can't comment too much on the games, but if you're going to Wolf's for the arcade games, you've made a mistake - come here for the beer, food, and atmosphere.
We were looking forward to going here because of their advertised list of beers When we got there they had no hostess so we waiting about 10 minutes to actually be sat. When we got to our table we had no menus and had to wait until our server showed up and I had to ask for them (she didnt seem to notice that we didnt have any...) The food wasnt terrible but I wouldnt exactly consider it great. We didnt even receive napkins or silverware. Our server went missing after taking our drink orders and walked past us many times without checking on us. Finally I got fed up with waiting and had to take silverware and napkins off of a nearby table. We most likely will not be visiting this restaurant again
Decent bar I guess. Big place, probably good for sports watching. Lots of beer on tap, good choices. I had a pale ale and the fish tacos which were real good.
Decent sports bar. Definitely not the best in the area. They have a very good beer selection and burgers are great. A good spot for wolf road considering the completion are mostly chains
After sitting there for more than 20 min I walked out, no service. But was even worse was that not less than 10 employees walked by me and could have cared less.
This review is for the arcade section only: It's just like Dave and Buster's arcade, only 70% smaller and 50% crummier.  My son miraculously landed a ball into the "Jackpot" hole in one of the games and then... nothing happened.  We called over the attendant who actually believed us and scribbled the number of tickets we were owed on a business card.  He said the game had been causing problems (so why was it still on?).  On our way out, we saw a ticket-redemption machine fail for someone else. Listen, Dave and Busters is just a few minutes away at Crossgates.  It's a much better option.
Food is extremely basic and very sub par. Had the calimari, buffalo dip and wings. All were very boring and bland. Beer selection was good, TVs are decent the food is just terribly standard. Marinara sauce for calimari was definitely from a jar/can, wings were crispy but sauce was overwhelming. Overall, good experience just very poor quality food.
Reslly good place to have a beer and watch ufc broadcasts! Food usually looks good but trays bland and is overpriced.   Lots of beers on tap and bottle.  Def a fun plave to stop and hang and watch the game.   Customer service had usually been good despite how crowded it gets at time. Def recommend to stop by.
Below average food at above average prices. I ordered a Rib-Eye steak. It was 25.99, so I was expecting at least a better than average steak. It was terrible. Tough pieces all through it, way more fat than normal for an even 1/2 way decent rib-eye. I've been to diners and paid 1/2 that amount for a much better rib-eye. I've been to chain restaurants and paid a little less for much better. I've also paid twice as much for 10x better steak. My wife had a chicken pasta dish, that while not over-priced, was very below average tasting. My son had a burger that he also did not care for. So we are talking 0-3 in satisfaction here. It's too bad. I wanted to like the place. It's huge. It's divided into 4 sections; a large bar area, a large traditional dining area, a function room, and the gaming section. We sat in the dining area because they had live entertainment and the only bar area seats left were right near the speakers. The gaming area was more child gaming than what you might see at Dave and Busters. Just because they have 30 beers on draft, I might stop in to the bar some time to to try some of the beers I have never tried, but I will definitely not go back here for dinner again. Very disappointed.
I've been to Wolf's a few times now, usually just for a drink or appetizers with some friends.  Conveniently located on Wolf Road, Wolf's is a nice establishment that has a dining area, bar, outdoor seating area and even rooms for private functions as well as a game room. Now I haven't checked out the game room, but I can vouch that Wolf's has an extensive line of beer taps with some tasty beers, plenty of TVs so you can watch your favorite sports teams and some good food as well.  I'll recommend the buffalo dip, which is spicy and goes well with a nice, cold beer.  Bar service was good, but it did take a little while for our server to get our food ordered. Wolf's also hosts a number of special events, such as New York Wednesdays, where they will feature craft beers brewed right here in the Empire State, as well as beer tasting seminars. In any respect, if you're looking for a nice place to kick back with friends, Wolf's 1-11 is a place to go.
My boyfriend and I met four friends here for dinner Saturday night.  Don't know why the friends were so stuck on going here for dinner, but at least I know better now. We were seated in a really cramped corner booth that was really only for five people, because the hostess said that was all she had.  I wish we'd waited, because it wasn't fun sitting so cramped for the entire meal. The waitress was okay.  She was very nice, but she had a tendency to disappear for long periods of time.  Like 15-20 minutes at a time.  Which really, really sucks when you need a refill. My boyfriend got the Ultimate Nachos topped with the buffalo chicken dip to start, which was really, really good.  I got the caprese salad, which was okay.  The tomatoes were sliced really, really thin, and were tough and flavorless.   We both ended up getting the roasted red pepper penne, which was a big mistake.  It was disgusting.  Completely flavorless.  Nothing in it was seasoned.  The sauce was extraordinarily bland.  It was seriously inedible.  She ended up taking them off our bill, which was nice, but it was still a major disappointment.   I don't know why anyone would come here to actually eat.  For watching a game and getting some beers, it's fine.  For bar food, it's fine.  But it is NOT a place you want to go for an actual meal.
We were in the neighborhood of Wolf's 1-11 today and it felt like it should be an Ubu Sunday so they won out over the other places being considered. Short version: Pint's of Lake Placid Ubu ($6/ 16 oz.). Pilgrim Panini ($10.99) - oven roasted turkey, smoked gouda, stuffing, and a side of cranberry mayonnaise.  I substituted Sweet Potato Wedges tossed with cinnamon for an additional $1.99.  The panini was very good, strong sage flavor in the dressing, but that was ok with me.  The cranberry mayo probably should have been put on the panini to add a bit more moisture, but I used the Ubu for that purpose and dipped the sweet potato wedges in the cranberry mayo.  That was really tasty! The "signature" Wolf Burger ($7.99) - 1/2 pound of beef served with lettuce, tomato, (hold the onion), pickle and substituted the Sweet Potato Wedges here also ($1.99).  The beef was just ok, asked for medium-rare and about 1/4 of it was.  Lettuce was much too wilted to have been served, especially open-face on the roll. Our server, Tiffany, was friendly, upbeat, and pleasant.
We went here after my sister graduated from UAlbany in late May. I was literally as big as a house - it was a week before my due date with my daughter. Thankfully, the place wasn't too loud and there weren't too many parties there, just a couple large groups who also had a UAlbany grad in their party. The food was decent for the most part - most of it wasn't out of this world. But notice I said most.... their sweet potato fries with marshmellow dipping sauce was out of this world. It was amazing - the whole table was in love with it. Also, the mozzarella squares with melba sauce was quite tasty. Unfortunately, our service was pretty bad and special requests around the table (e.g, no tomatoes on a sandwich, extra mayo) were ignored. That was unfortunate because we ended up eating a lot longer than we intended. The game room is pretty small and would most likely not entertain a child older than 10 for very long. I had a great time on the classics, like the basketball shooting game and skee-ball. Can't believe the Big Bertha game is digital now! (It's not the same to throw balls at a fat lady on the screen). This would be a great place for a young child's birthday party - there was actually one setting up when we were there. A nice, respectable space to enjoy with your child. I didn't sit in the bar area but it looked really spacious and interesting, cosidering how many beers they have on tap. All in all, this place is pretty cool. I honestly wish we had this down by where I live (southern Dutchess county). I would definitely go there again the next time I am up there.
Good place for children and young teenagers who lack sophistication to identify bad food.  I like the casual feel of the place with the wide open spaces, TVs and booths.  The place is huge with plenty of seating and very high ceilings.   I subscribe to the idea that when you go to a bar you order classic bar food.  That's what I did.  If I wanted seafood or pasta I wouldn't go to a bar style restaurant with lots of TVs and fat hicks barely able to fit into their booths. (Every time you think Obama Care is costing you tax dollars, look at the next fat hick you see and blame them!!  If you work in a medical profession you'll quickly notice it's the fatties filling the beds at a much younger age than their slender counterparts.) The waitress asked me if I wanted my wings crispy, to which I replied yes.  15 minutes later I get non-crispy wings. Duh!  The blue cheese was horrid bottled flavorless crap.  How hard is it to buy semi-quality blue cheese and make your own?  The difference is night and day.  Take a tip from The Ruck in Troy on how blue cheese for wings should be done and what crispy really means. The burger I tried was reasonable but nothing special and the fries were decent frozen fries.  Buy potatoes, peel, chop and fry them?  All very disappointing.  Overall, it's college cafeteria quality.   The Asian female hostess seating people was the shortest person I've ever seen in my life that clearly was NOT a midget but just a very well proportioned short person.  She was a cutie and the only interesting thing in the place. The food is very boring and therefore I will not be returning.
Food sucked! Waitress (did I have one?) cause I don't think she cared she had a table. Not going there ever again. The beer selection isn't enough to make the food taste better or the waitress serve better either.
I went here the other night with some friends as part of what I think may have been a boys night out. (I got to be the token lady because, well, I'm special apparently.) I didn't necessarily dislike it, I'm just sort of confused. I won't go into the full layout because Ian W. has already described this in great detail. It's basically a restaurant, sports pub and arcade all in one. The pub area's kind of nice, with big wooden booths, small tall tables. And then there are the large-screen televisions lining the room, each featuring various sports games. Got the scene? Okay, so then throw in a small, blonde female performing covers of various 90s hits on her acoustic guitar in the corner. Confused? So was I. The scene didn't quite mesh for me. Like so many places around here, Wolf's just seems to lack a secure identity. Clearly the place isn't entirely sure what it wants to be yet so it's striving for multiple, often incongruous characteristics. Identity crisis aside, service was decent and the wings and spinach-artichoke dip were tasty and well-priced. The "bucket special" of the night was a bucket of 6 bottles of Miller lite for $12. Apps and drinks for three people ended up being relatively cheap. All in all, this probably isn't a place I'd hang out frequently. It's perfectly fine and non-offensive, but it's just not exactly my scene. I'm not really apt to "go out" on Wolf Road. Still, I wouldn't be opposed to going back if the situation arose.
We came here on a bustling Friday night.  We were told to expect a 45 minute wait for a party of 5, but ended up being seated about 15 minutes later.   We ordered some wings to start.  We got 10 mild that were ok, but nothing impressive.  The other 10 were Thai Sesame Peanut and they were delicious.  They were spicy (as the menu warns), but the flavor was great.   I went with the chicken cordon bleu croissant sandwich deal.  It was ok, but nothing that knocked my socks off.  It was what I'd expect to get from any chain restaurant.  The kids seemed to enjoy their meals. The husband got the BBQ platter combo and it was huge!  Really we probably could have shared his plate between the two of us.   The waitress was friendly, but clearly extremely busy.  The restaurant was extremely loud and somewhat distracting by how loud it was.  The game section was ok, but I hate that I had to pay $1 to buy their card for the games.  I wouldn't mind if I lived nearby, but as an occasional visitor and having 5 people in our party, it felt like a waste of $5.   Overall, I'm not sure if I'd make this a regular place if I lived nearby.  Really, the kids would have been just as happy at a Chuck E Cheese or such and I think they'd rather have greasy pizza and more money to spend on games.
Good place to watch the game... and all the girls who work there are beautiful. Hugh Hefner must do the hiring! The beer selection is amazing & the bartenders know their stuff. One corrected me on a drink Ive been drinking for years... She said "I can make it the wrong way or the right way... Most people make it wrong to save time"  So I said lets try it the right way... and it was way better!  I looked up the ingredients when I got home & she was right! lol Not great as a restaurant though... totally too loud & lots of obnoxious guys yelling at the screens.  Ive been to both sides.  I def enjoyed the bar side when Im in that mind set... but didnt enjoy it when I took a date there for dinner.  Everyone there is really nice, but the they need some sort of sound barrier if they want 2 diff atmospheres... So go watch the yankees play or for happy hour on a friday night, but not for a dinner date.
Went here for dinner last night with a friend. I was skeptical because I checked the reviews here, and it only got a rating of 3 stars. However, I was very pleasantly surprised. It's almost like 3 different places, there's a bar section, with tall tables and lots of tvs, then there's more of a dining room area, and then the game room is on the other side. Food: I got the broccoli chicken alfredo. Pretty good. The waitress messed up my order the first time, but was very apologetic. I also had a side caesar salad, it was SO good. Atmosphere: We sat in the dining area, it was very nice; there was low lighting, and booths and tables in a wide open space. A few tvs around, but not obnoxious. This place is sort of pricey for what it is, but I guess for the area it's not so bad. Especially if you want something that isn't a chain.
The beer selection is amazing. They have different beers for what ever mood your in. I ordered the Buffalo Dip Appetizer and it was fantastic. Just the right amount of blue cheese and spiciness to make the dip far beyond fantastic. After I ate the entire thing I was debating on ordering another one for the 4 chips I had left, honestly I was just looking for a good excuse to order another one without looking like a fatty. The wings are the third reason to go. They and nice and crispy on the outside and delicious in the inside. I have not ordered anything else off the menu but I do plan on trying to Buffalo Burger, I have a feeling its going to be as the rest of the Buffalo sauce meals.
Wolf's 1-11 is a sports bar / adult game area -- kinda like a junior version of Dave & Buster's. I had already eaten dinner, so I just popped in for a drink and to watch some games on their TV screens. This haven to pub grub is located on Wolf Road just south of the Marriott, so it was easy walking distance from the hotel. Inside the front door, Wolf's 1-11 is divided into three areas -- the bar area, the game room with a lot of electronic games and high-tech pinball and so forth, and then the dining area. A quick look at their menu showed wings, nachos, baked potato skins, and other stomach aches waiting to happen. Instead a took a seat at the bar and nursed a Sam Adam's Winter Lager while watching some basketball. The bar staff and the serving staff were very pleasant, but the bar wasn't crowded which might not be a good sign. Nothing terribly exciting, but a nice place to watch the game and sip a brew.
Meh. It's not a chain, but it feels like one and tastes like one, too.  The menu is not particularly appealing to me, but the service is really good.  Every time I've been, the staff have been exceptionally friendly and competent. I find being surrounded by televisions to be very distracting, but I can see why some people would like it.  I can't believe that I've never been to the arcade, but I never remember about that section until I'm passing through to the parking lot.  I might like it more after trying the arcade, but it's very much removed from the other sections - out of sight, out of mind.
Food and beer selection is awesome. The games need to be more up to date. The game room needed to be cleaned when I went. Was blown away on the freshness of the food. Had a great time with my coworkers.
Came from California and checked this place out.. was hoping it would be an east coast Dave N Busters but was pretty mistaken. Food was excellent! I got the paesano burger and sweet potato fries and they were excellent. Great beer selection. Also had the wings, very crisp and tasty. Poor service when we got there but the waiter made up for it at the end of the night. The game selection is ok. Not a big variety and no cruisin usa? Come on!  An average night out tho. If you are just going for food then you'd probably give it a 4* then!
Nice place to go for lunch with my teenage son. I really enjoyed the Thai Chicken wings, and he was very happy with his chicken tenders and fries. There were unlimited refillls on our sodas, and we both enjoyed the TVs. Made for good conversation.
Fun, but kind of like a watered down Dave & Buster's. Came here for a company outing.  They served up some typical bar food buffet style, with a little make-your-own nachos station.  Not bad for bar food. The games were fun, but maybe that's because my company was paying for it.  The atmosphere is a little confusing...it's a bar, restaurant, and an arcade, but it seems kind of weird to be taking drinks into the game room with so many little kids running around.  If they were ever to expand, they might want to think about having an adult-only game room with a bar, and having the other half of the place be kid-friendly.
I really like this place but the chairs at the bar are too low for the counter and the TV put your head at an angle like you were sitting in the front row of a movie. It's hard to "unwind" after work when by resting your arms in the bar pushes up your shoulders. The tables appear to be more proportionate. Food and atmosphere are great!  Couple inches higher on the bar stool an they get 5 stars from me.
Had a really poor experience here and I wanted to like it.I was so annoyed by the slow service I didn't even check out the game room. After 5-10 minutes someone took our drink order. Drinks came like 5 minutes later and took our order. Not so bad so far. 10 minutes go by waiter comes ask how everything is. Well we only got sodas so far how do you think. 5 minutes later he comes to tell me what I ordered has run out. Order again then finally 15 minutes later food comes. Food was ok burger had a cooked on the grill taste to it. But for the price the portion was small you don't get many fries. For the price it needs to be higher quality or bigger portions. When done it took a while to finally get the waiter over to say we wanted the check. Then he did a bunch of other things before finally coming with check. Then he darts off and disappears. We go up front to pay and apparently you pay the waiter. Now we had to track him down again. If it wasn't for the waiter and the game room was decent it would probably be a 3 star but it was what it was. Will give them one more chance in the future see how it is with different waiter.
This review is based on their beers only.  First time here I ended up going in the game room first just to look around.  This place reminds of a place I've been to in Cleveland called Dave and Busters.  Wolf's 1-11 is set up better though.   I saw the "private room" they have for company party's and private party's and I would most certainly throw a party here, just to book that room.  There is couches and tables all set up and few TVs, with your own private bar. Their bar area is one of the biggest I been in.  A bunch of high tops set up the in the middle and Tv's..everywhere.  Nice size bar and great selection of good not so typical beers on tap.  I love that!  Today I had their Lake Placid Ubu ale, it was really tasty and for 3 bucks a pint where can you go wrong.  I caught their last hour of happy hour hence the price of the beer.   I really haven't heard good things about their food but I am willing to give in a try the next time I visit.  Good beer and nice wait staff, I will for sure be back.
There are a number of things going for this place. 1) Large selection of draft beer 2) Cute waitresses 3) Nice setup of TVs and Projector for watching sports 4) Comfortable atmosphere Their food is middle of the road but have decent options to choose from. The games are okay. To sum it up, this is always a good choice if you are around Wolf Road and you don't really get tired of the place when you go every week to every other week. Give this place a try! Definitely a change from the standard chains.
It is what it is. A better place to hang out then eat. They have the normal tavern style menu and they pull it off ok. It's a good place to go with a group of people and hang out  They have outside dining. They have games. And parking isn't an issue.
Actually an interesting combination here. Good beer list and better than average food in a mix of restaurant, sports bar, and kids game room area in one location. Can be noisy depending on where and when you get here. They were very busy on a Thursday  evening.
The best way to put it... If you like adding beer to the classic arcade date or have a particular game you are looking to catch with a big group of your buddies, I can see making Wolf's 111 an option. The beer selection is good, but a bit over priced. The pub food is better than the dinner menu. Dave n Busters with Lionheart's Beer selection. If it was up to me, I'd choose Wolf's Biergarten over it anyday, but it's a nice change of pace for sure.
If you looking for a place to have some good drinks and watch some sports or hang out with friends then I would recommend Wolf's.  The place can get a little loud even on week nights. The food is average and good enough to eat while watch a game but I would stop here just to eat.
Wolf's 1-11 Restaurant & Games is now open in the former Old Chicago Pasta & Pizza space. This place is named after its address at 111 Wolf Road and is NOT affiliated with Wolff's Biergarten, a similar name. The restaurant has the same layout as its predecessor with three areas, a large bar area to the left, dining room to the right, and a large game room in the back. There are 31 TVs (including a large projection screen) throughout the bar area and the game room and 30 beers on tap are offered. A list of wine, cocktails and martinis are also offered. The bar area is spacious with seating at the bar with high top table seating. The casual dining room was remodeled with wood floors and has booth seating and table seating (linen table cloths & candles). The game room has video games, games of chance and a prize redemption booth. You need a player's card to operate each game ($1 for 100 points, $5 for 500 points, $20 for 2000 points, $100 for 11500 points), with most games 50 points each. There's also another bar in the game room. The menu offers pub fare including appetizers, soups, salads, burgers, sandwiches, steaks, seafood, chicken, ribs, pasta, and prime rib (Thurs-Sun only starting at 4PM). The prices here are reasonable, burgers & sandwiches ($6.99-$9.99) served with fresh cut fries and most dinner entrees ($13.99-$19.99) served with choice of side and house salad. The restaurant had its grand opening tonight (November 25th) with a grand opening party in the bar area. I stopped in at Wolf's 1-11 tonight around 6PM. The parking lot was almost full and the place was very busy, the action in the bar area and game room. Most of the people here were young professionals and couples. The dining room officially opened at 7PM. They offered a large buffet of food including cheese & crackers, salad, pasta salad, jumbo shrimp cocktail, seared sesame tuna, 4 kinds of wings (hot, garlic parmesan, BBQ, & sesame peanut), cheese sticks, chicken skewers, chicken fingers, potato pierogies, and Swedish meatballs. I sampled the food at the buffet and most of the food was above average. I enjoyed all of wings and the sesame peanut wings were a big hit! The wings were crispy outside with plenty of tender meat inside. The jumbo shrimp cocktail (peeled) and the tuna were great! The potato pierogies were tasty. However, the meatballs were very salty and the chicken skewers were on the dry side. Overall, the food was above average and the beer selection here is great. The atmosphere here is fun and it's a great place to catch the game with plenty of TVs. The place will be open on Thanksgiving at 6PM showing the NY Giants vs. Denver Broncos game on the NFL Network. The game room is a fun place to hang for the kiddies (little and big, hehe). Big Buck Safari action! HOURS: Sun-Wed: 11:30AM-12AM; Thurs-Sat: 11:30AM-2:00AM
I went to Wolf's 1-11 on a Saturday (4/17/10) at about 4:30 in the afternoon. There were 7 adults and 1 child in our party. I knew it was going to be a disaster the minute I spoke with the hostess. I told her there would be 8 of us and she just stared at me a minute and then asked if I had a reservation. I said no which seemed to have confused her. I looked into the dining room and it was practically empty so I didn't understand the confusion. She then had to converse with a server and a manger to figure out what to do now. Once the manager gave her direction (he must be so proud to have top notch staff) she directed someone to set-up a table for us. I laughed this off because it looked like the hostess's head was going to explode from thinking. We sit down and our drink orders were promptly taken and served. I did order a vodka martini, dirty...someone should show the bartender how to make a good dirty martini because I sure didn't get one. The apps and salads came out in a decent time. No low calorie or low fat dressings are available (per the server) though which was a bummer. The dressing itself was bland. The main entrees came out and everyone of them was luke warm to cool. I mean everyone of them. So we shrug off the temp issue, because we're all actually pretty laid back but then we ate the food. There was no taste to it, definitely one of the worse meals I've had in the area. The bar side looked decent so the only way that any of us said we would go back is maybe to have some drinks and watch a game. Oh and we walked out about 2 hours later and they had Valet parking set-up. Really?? Valet parking on Wolf Road at a pub? The parking lot is right there. Poor kid probably didn't even make five dollars.
Decided to check this place out for lunch around noon on a Saturday.  Inside was classy.  No gaudy decor, no booming music, no freezing cold air conditioning. Unfortunately that just about ends the positives.  We entered to an empty hostess station.  Three employees walked by, one who appeared to be a manager, and no one acknowledged us.  Finally someone stopped and helped, but not without acting like she was extremely busy and we were taking up precious seconds.   The bar area had three or four tables with people, and the dining room had one other table seated.  This was about as unbusy as a restaurant would get. While watching all of the employees bustle around, I couldn't help notice that they all looked miserable.  Another at my table noticed as well. Our drink order was taken quickly, and our oh-so-busy waitress said she'd be back in a minute to take our order. Twenty minutes later the waitress came back for our food order.  I picked the nachos to start, and the barbecue combo platter for the main course. The nachos came reasonably quick, and they just weren't something I enjoyed.  Can't really fault them here though, as my two dining partners did finish off most of the plate.  Maybe I'm just overly picky about my nachos. The main courses came a little quick, which I actually didn't mind as I was hungry and didn't eat much of the nachos. And the food was... like "home cooking.  And that's not a compliment, I'm a pretty mediocre cook.  The chicken was on par with one of those pre-cooked price chopper roaster chickens, and the ribs were okay.  The fries were dark from fryer oil that desperately needed to be filtered, if not changed.  I couldn't eat the fries. The service from there on out was rather nonexistant.  We did manage to flag her down for a soda refill once.  But aside from that there was no "how is everything?" or "can I get you anything else?" (Which, by the way, would've been "good except..." and "yes" as the kitchen forgot the sauce someone requested) And that leaves the so-called game room, which was a mix of what I expected, and what you'd find in a lame mall arcade.  Mostly just mall arcade games, unfortunately.  The whole thing felt like an afterthought--  like the owners filled in what they could elsewhere then wondered what they could do with this little extra room tucked away in the back.  It was overrun with kids, with the tables occupied by parents focusing more on their drinks and conversations than their kids beating on the games.  It felt a lot more like Chuck-E-Cheese than Dave and Busters. So all in all, while the food wasn't horrible it definately was not good enough to excuse the awful attitudes and effort of the help.  With all of the good restaurants in the area, I really see no reason to come here.
Went for a company function. Pretty much everything they served was awful. Looks like a fun place to grab a beer and watch the game, but the food is not good at all.
I have been here a couple times before and have never been as disappointed as tonight. Will not return. Every other time I have been here it has always been busy, at 6:30pm on a Saturday night walked in and there was a handful of people at the bar and three tables of people in the restaurant. That should have been my first clue. There was four adults we ordered the spinach artichoke dip for an appetizer, it was runny, didn't contain much cheese and was all around flavorless and unseasoned, and was served with enough chips for maybe one or two people. I ordered the special, penne vodka with chicken, barely ate it. It was luke warm, unusually sweet, with tiny chunks of what was unseasoned chicken... And lacked basic seasoning of salt and pepper. Not good, my husband had the roasted penne dish and had a similar disappointing meal. Good for beer and a game but not much else. Given that they have major TV's everywhere and the World Cup was on I would have expected a much busier place. It wasn't any busier when we left. A clear indication that they are no longer up to par; when most good places in the area run a wait in Saturday night and this place was half empty.
I went here on Sat night for the first time with a party of 8. I ordered the Asian Chicken salad. It was $9 and fairly large. The issue I had with it was the heavy use of tarragon so it felt like i was eating pieces of a pine tree the whole time. The waitress was nice and as we were ordering our meals she would say "and what kind of side would you like...fries, sweet pot fries, veggies, mashed potato?" so some people got veggies and some got sweet pot fries. when the bill came, those sides were $2.00 each. i felt that they way she presented it, those items came with a side. all in all the food wasn't horrible but wasn't great either. i would possibly go back just for the apps and a drink. our bill came to around $100 for 8 of us so that was decent. just ask about the sides being extra money.
Large bar with a great selection of beers. Food is very good and there was plenty of seating.
I've been there with family and friends three times over the past few months, most recently this past Saturday evening.  Due to my gluten-free requirement, I have consistently ordered their barbecued food each time, including the full rack of ribs and combo platter.  Each time, the food has been delicious ... moist and tasty and just the right amount.  Tried the white Zinfandel wine this time, which was also very good.  Also wandered into the game area and tried a few to round out a fun experience. Each time we've frequented Wolf's, however, we found the service to be somewhat lacking ... the servers are young, not as professional as in other establishments, and a bit rough around the edges.
Nice setup, big rooms, lots of TVs within easy viewing range.  Good beer selection.  Food is above average but nothing amazing.  Staff is friendly.   And even though it has a chain feel -- I like that it's not a chain.
This place is meh.
In Albany for business, and when I asked for a cool bar to hang out in I was referred to Wolf's 1-11...............YAWN. Back to the big city I go!!!!
Interior---very comfortable. Lots of tvs around to watch your favorite sports game...it was the NBA finals that I was there for with my new date. I like the middle room where it is set up with couches so you can sit around w/ your friends watching the game and eating food. Very open floor plan with lots of space. Game room is cool. Overall the set up is good for adults, teens, families, anyone really... Food..it's standard bar/pub type quality food. I know they're trying to appear more upscale, but it's still pub food at the end of the day. Overall, though, I couldn't complain about my food. It was served hot and tasted like it should. Fries were not overly greasy and didn't taste of other foods it had been fried with and chicken had decent grill marks on it. Lots of draft beer selections available although didn't try any this round, but there were lots I would like to try. Overall, at this point I would definitely go back for a casual, but fun night.
This is a good place if your kids like arcade and bar food the arcade is amazing it has great deals but the food is not super good. but " Wold 1-1" does have great appetizers like there nachos & wings.
Don't get me wrong, the atmosphere for watching games on multiple tv's and having drinks while your at it is very good. However, it is very noisy. Sitting at a hightop you have to lean in to hear and almost yell to be heard. Game room is fun if you're into the arcade aspect, but don't go looking for a good meal. I ordered the buffalo dip.. was pretty much a soup cup of straight hot sauce with some bleu cheese stirred into it. Burgers are nothing special, particularly when only two of them are ordered at a table of four and they're cooked oppositely of one another's requested liking. Again, decent 'bar' for booze/sports, subpar overall on other levels.
Great beer selection and one bartender, the gentleman, in particular is very knowledgeable.  Very high noise level, very mediocre food, and the last time I went, the server got wrong every single food, drink and dessert order for a party of 6 and argued when it was brought to her attention.  Don't go for the food, go for the bar, games, and patio.
The food was mediocre for the most part, but not terrible.  I got the herbed chicken which was tasty enough, however my SO got ribs that were luke warm at best.  Our real issue with the place was the service, which was some of the worst I've ever had.  We were part of a large party (12 or so people) which I understand can be taxing out wait staff, but we had made the reservation a couple of weeks before and they were woefully unprepared.  We had to wait an hour after our reservation to be seated, and then afterwards had 1.5 waiters attending to us.  I can be very forgiving with a waiter in this situation, but they were very short with us and once we got dinner (which took another hour or so to get after ordering) we were not checked on until well after we were done eating.  Moreover, when my SO inquired about what was gluten free on the menu, he was brushed off and told "I'm sorry, that makes your job of choosing what to eat very difficult".   Management didn't seem to care about our complaints and it took another hour or so to get our checks (although we did end up getting our drinks and several of the dinners that had various issues comped).  It's unfortunate, as I've been here before for dinner (which was again mediocre) but the games and atmosphere are generally pretty laid back and fun.  I would consider going back to the bar area of the establishment for a couple of beers, but wouldn't want to eat there again.
So in all fairness, everyone has said that the bar scene is a great place for young professional-aged men and women to go and have some drinks and watch the game, but knocks the dining hall for the noise.  I've never experienced the dining area, so therefore, my rating, as well, could be partially biased... but the bar scene has never disappointed me.  The quiet nights have given me and my friends a chance to socialize with the bartenders, who have been nothing but friendly and attentive.  On nights that it's very busy, Wolf's is filled with the "right" people... People will offer to step aside briefly to let you get to the bar, not a bunch of overly drunk college kids starting fights, etc.  The atmosphere in the bar has always been a beautiful place to sit down, watch the game, and have some drinks while socializing with friends.  Definitely a place to bring a small group of friends for a night of drinks and games!
