Second night at Ft. Myers Beach. First night we ate at Smokin' Oyster Bar and it was good. Last night we ate at Yucatan Beach Stand Bar and really enjoyed this one too. This is still a very casual place to eat, almost identical to SOB, but YBSB is slightly nicer. Draught beer (SOB doesn't have) and a nice indoor eating area, although not A/C it's shaded and big fans moving the air makes it pleasant. We enjoyed Yucatan very much. Food was great. Lobster ravioli, baked seafood combo, chicken tortellini, and mesquite grilled Mahi was all perfect.
Service was great. Live music a bit loud but pleasant acoustic. My husband had a delicious rib eye steak with garlic mashed potatoes.  I had guacamole and chips which were a bit bland but spiced up with some salsa. The mojito had a nice fresh flavor,  not too sweet.
Very cute place! Yummy fresh food. I had the  shrimp and Mahi. Only downside was that wireless was down. But I guess vacation is meant for "dropping off the radar" :)
In general the food was ok although I had a hair in my salad and my fries were cold. They offered to swap the salad and the fries.  Manager not overly bothered. The entertainment was good. The floor of the restaurant was pretty disgusting. Wouldn't rush back.
Great sports bar in Fort Myers beach! We stopped in to see my Vikes play (not well either). Josh was a great bartender, friendly, and fast with the cocktails! I liked the atmosphere of this place! It is very beachy. We always belly up and the bar stools are fishing boat chairs. Nice touch! I would definitely go back...
stopped in for lunch today, we had a burger and fish tacos, Food was good, but pretty much average fare.....Drinks were fine and reasonabley priced.......Nicer building with more room than SOB up the street............... Breakfast menu looked good and very reasonable, gonna try that tomorrow a.m.
Started with a few drinks; Yucatan Punch and Frozen Spiced Mango Meltdown. They were both good. Then dove into possibly the best appetizer bread ever, the Yucatan Bread; Tomatoes, basil, and garlic in a balsamic vinaigrette, with melted mozzarella and balsamic reduction. Yummy! For entree I ordered the Rack of Lambs. They are served with garlic mash potatoes, always a favorite of mine (though these were average, not amazing like the Outback ones) and the lamb is served in a mushroom sauce, not with mint like usual. The sauce was descent. The lamb itself was great, very tasty and served just as ordered, medium. Service was excellent, fast and attentive. In summary, I enjoyed the overall experience and would definitely recommend it as a stop if you are in the area.
Had a really great time here!  First placed we stopped after getting into town and loved the atmosphere,  music,  drinks and food.  Highly recommend!
We only ate at 5 restaurants while at Fort Myers Beach.  This was the best out of the ones we tried.  The food was good.  We got the steamed shrimp, very fresh and good. And we got the snow crab legs, also very yummy.  The fish sandwiches have HUGE pieces of fish, also the chicken sandwiches are large as well, so if you order a sandwich, be sure you are hungry. Very cute beachy decor and nice atmosphere. The hostess was very nice, however the service was poor.  As all of the restaurants here we tried during the last week of Spring Break, the servers here seemed clearly weary of the tourists and begrudgingly provided service.   The food and atmosphere gets a 4, the service a 2, so thus the 3.
This was the first place we went into when we got into Fort Meyers Beach - it looked fun from the outside.  The food was pretty good / the server was very nice but a little slow (he had to ask us each time what we ordered every time after he walked away).  We would probably come back if here again.  It was day / lunch time so no entertainment that we could see.
I really enjoyed this place. The Tiki Tortellini Florentine was really good! I liked the environment (but then again, I am from Indiana) and the live music was really good as well. My Dad got  Tacos and they were OK. My Uncle got the Hamburger and it was pretty good he said. I would go back again.
Don't or a mojito here...it tastes like soda and no alcohol.  So disappointing. I tried the Butterflied Pompano because I had never heard of that kind of fish.  It reminded me of Grouper, white, flakey, and buttery but a little more 'fishy'.   If I had to choose between the two fish though, I'd still go with a Grouper the next time. The atmosphere here was fun, and lively.  There is live music and tvs so it is a little loud.  If I just wanted somewhere to go have a beer I might come back here, but probably not to eat.  The food isn't that special for the expensive tourist prices.
I have been to the Yucatan Beach Stand Bar a few times, I usually always stop in for drinks/food on my visits to Ft. Myers beach.  It is located right off of the beach near the pier and it is all open so you can come right off of the beach and sit down at the bar and grab a drink and some food.   I went recently with a friend for her birthday.  We had just left the beach and wanted to get some drinks and food.  The last few times the service at the bar has been pretty bad, slow to even notice you or take your order and no smiles or friendly service.  We decided to get a table instead for this very reason.  When we did get a table the service was a little better, still slow but at least the waitress was friendly.  We ate mostly appetizers, I had the shucked oysters and they were super fresh and huge in size I ate them all pretty quick.  We also got the calamari which was pretty good.  Not the best I have ever had but not the worst either.   This place is perfect if you are leaving the beach and want to go someplace for cheap drinks and decent food but don't want to change out of your suit.
3 star food, 5 star atmosphere, 4 star drink selections balances like an Enron checkbook, baby. There's no doubt that following a day of sun and fun (read: fry and cry), my first post-sand destination is Yucatan. The weaved patchwork that lines the walls and roof are thatchings of vessels past, creating a womb of fibrous, sinewy chlorophyll set to create a sense of calm and comfort. The Yucatan Red beer is a house-named brew that's $4 a pint and can help set the nerves of any new ale sipper. I love the pints - ice cold and dirt cheap, just like I like my wakes. Guacamole leaves much to be desired (fresh avo, barely there seasoning), but the blackened fish tacos are pretty stellar. Didn't really dive beyond that for the food aspect, but as a great, friends-with-benefits bar goes, Yucatan fits the bill. Keep it up!
Yucatan is a very short walk from the beach and a great place to grab a reasonably priced beer. The place is comfortable and an ocean breeze blows through reminding you why you love the beach so much. If all I want is a beer while visiting the beach then this place is tops. Now for the not so good. There is a good chance for having to sit next to kids, even if you're at the bar, who are screaming and losing their minds because they just got out of the ocean. My last visit to Yucatan included a kid doing "shots" of syrup so he could pretend to be an adult. Yes, I know, I'm being a prick. This is a vacation town and people want to have fun. I just don't find your kid nearly as cute as you do. Overly excited children aside - I've found the food to be totally forgetable. I wouldn't be surprised to find out everything served is pre-made then heated to order. Burger, bland. Chicken wings, covered in Franks Red Hot. It's a big basket of "who cares?" Any time I've gone in the staff has been great and I love the digital read-out that lets you know how cold the beer taps are. If the food was better I would give this place four stars. If children weren't allowed and there was no chance of hearing Jimmy Buffet I'd give it five.
Yucatan wins because... I brought a foodie (my husband) and two picky eaters (my parents) and they were all very happy with the food/service. So much so, that we ate here two nights in a row (OK, OK there aren't that many great places on Fort Myers Beach). Overall, a fantastic spot in a sleepy town. Large menu with tons of delicious tasting stuff. I think the menu items are pretty normal, but the chefs really make it happen. FOOD: - Calamari: Good - Tiki Tortellini Florentine: Delicious & very filling - Yucatan Sunfish Tacos: Amazing, order extra sauce. - Island Shrimp and Scallop Scampi: What you'd expect, but still good - Buffalo Chicken Sandwich: Best I ever had. Incredibly spicy, but amazing if you're into that sort of thing. - Chicken Sandwich: One of the best, very juicy You honestly can't lose here. ATMOSPHERE: From what I saw, probably the liveliest spot on Fort Myers beach. They've got some singers (both male/female) which are so bad it's amusing. SERVICE: Top notch. Very friendly, as are most of the residents of Fort Myers. BOOZE: I had the punch (Yucatan punch) and it came with a free glass. You can't help but feel extremely pleased when you get a free glass. Admit it.
Yucatan Beach Bar is probably one of my favorite places to eat at Fort Myers Beach! Last time dad and I stopped in we sat out on the patio side to enjoy the nice breeze and decided to try the Tri Sampler of fish that we ordered blackened with a side of mashed potatoes and onion rings. It was great. Unfortunately my 1/2 pound of crab legs for $9 (with no sides?) was hardly a snack and I wish I had ordered something that would actually fill me up. Pina Coladas and Margarits were tasty, really hit the spot on a hot beach day and were decently priced. Our waitress with the English accent was awesome and we were happy to have her. Halfway through our meal a solo musician began raping our ears with acoustic versions of oldie but moldie favorites. It ruined the mood and was a bit too loud...so we quickly gulped our dranks and stumbled out (a tad buzzed) back onto the beach..
Nice beach bar about 3 blocks off the beach. Prices are great $3 drafts!  Foods was good had a chicken sand no complaints. Service was a bit lacking.  Bar was a little busy and there was only one bartender so it took forever to even get a menu let alone a refill. Also they have their own parking which is prime. check it out
Ugh. Should have seen the warning signs. Typical tourist joint that looks good on paper but doesn't quite play the game to its potential. Not horrible, but there's much better options. Nice looking place, though, if you want to take in the scenery as opposed to, you know, eating and drinking.
Waaaaaatttttiiiinnnngggggg, I'm still waaaaaiiiiitttiiinnnnggg!  Long wait time, obviously.
This place has pretty decent food and drink, at pretty reasonable prices considering that Ft. Myers Beach is kind of a tourist trap.   I dig the overall atmosphere of the place (the boat seats at the bar are an interesting touch) and the service is pretty solid.   The food is pretty much the north american bar food, with the regional fish stuff you'd expect to see.  It's not outstanding but it's pretty good... with good weather and a cold beer you can do worse than this place. We end up here sometimes after watching the sunset go down, and will likely be back there again. Here is the bad news:  They have had a local live music person in there playing music, and they are horrible... the worst sequenced craptastic stuff one could imagine, the music is much better when the guy is taking a break and they just play your normal beach bar type tunes.
Not worth the wait. The service was slow - I mean its okay if you don't mind waiting too long for your meal and then eating without having your salad dishes piled in the middle of your table. The salad was fine and the dressing that comes in the sealed plastic cups was - well need I say more? My wife had the shrimp and scallops with linguini and it was soaked in oil. Not edible and they didn't really care. Will pass next time.
This is my husband and my favorite place to have drinks on Ft. Myers Beach.   We have been going to FMB together for right around seven years now (I've been going since I was a kid), and when Yucatan opened a few years ago, it became our place immediately. It is designed like a gigantic, open air tiki hut, with a sleek curved bar.  Just the right amount of tropical tiki kitcsh. The food is yummy - they have FANTASTIC french fries.  But, since I err on the side of healthy, I get the seared ahi tuna appetizer and it is delicious.  They have good wings and a yummy habanero hot sauce, which goes well with everything! Their oysters have consistently been fresh and tasty as well.   On to the drinks:  Honestly, they have some of the best drinks on the island.  They are strong, well mixed and reasonably priced. The bartenders have been awesome! I've never seen a waitress or bartender covered in neo-nazi tattoos, and we have been here frequently.  This sounds like an...untruth...to me.   The only reason that I'm giving 4 out of 5 stars is that we had an occasion where the waitress has walked away after taking our cash and never returned with change (when a LOT of change was due) and we had to track her down.  It was at our wedding reception, and unfortunately it wasn't just us at our table, she also walked off with a family friend's change and my aunt's (the only people who paid cash instead of with a card).  We are always BIG tippers and  she would have ended up with a WAAAAAY bigger tip had she not tried to stiff us.  And at our wedding celebration none-the-less.   BUT that was our one badish experience there, and it will not keep us from coming back.
This is one of our favorite dining establishments on Ft. Myers Beach ! The food has always been cooked to perfection and the service is fantastic. My favorite is the Tiki Tortellini Florentine which is enough for 2 with a small appetite. TRY IT !
Nice atmosphere, fast service. Didn't try the food but everyone seemed to enjoy what they were eating and it looked good. Just had drinks at the bar which was comfortable. Bar seats are really comfortable but they are white and the one I was sitting on needed cleaned.
I can agree with most people's complaint about slow service here.  The lady was very nice but it took her awhile to make an appearance and then it took some time to get our food.  But besides that, this has to be one of the best grilled grouper sandwiches I've ever had.  Nothing chaps me more than a fish sandwich that is a big old bun with a small piece of fish on it.  The portion of fish was so large that it hung over the bun and onto the plate on two sides.  I took a picture with my IPhone but am too technology illiterate to get the pic posted as I'm doing this review on my IPad.  Sorry.  Anyways, I'd suggest checking this joint out especially if a good grouper sandwich is your holy grail.
Solid restaurant on the beach. A tad bit cheesy, but that's what give beach restaurants their charm. Drinks: Mermaids Punch - Good but didn't taste the liquor. Captain's Runner - very strong, but good! Appetizer: Tommy's Famous Boom Boom Shrimp. They were quite tasty, but I didn't feel that they were as good as Bonefish, my boyfriend felt otherwise. Overall, very good! Lunch: Yucatan Sliders - just OK. Nothing to write home about. Taco Salad - Solid, again, nothing to write home about. Overall, the food is solid and the service is great! Good place for lunch.
Great decor but with the prices you get better food at SOB or Doc Fords' across the bridge. So sad the fish Butterfly Pompano I got was a let down, no flavor and grey? the fish was about a quarter inch thick at that and when I said something to the waitress she began to tell me that's how this fish is little does she know that i have had fresh fish and it never is 1/4" think and that is being nice. This was FROZEN fish... the veggies were mostly onions with a few other beans in there. The calamari was awful too. We  had the Best at the Beached Whale. So sad as my first experience was so much better last year than to day.
Firstly we went the first time on a chilly afternoon in the middle of the week. It wasnt crowded, and we ate "outside" in the bar area. They had VERY warm propane outdoor heaters, and had a  filling lunch. I had a something that is not listed on thier online menu, called a Yucatan Chicken sandwhich. It was served with all the regular fixings, grilled chicken and a peice of pineapple.  The flavor was good, i wish it had had more pineapple. I believe teh chicken was done in thier marinade as well.   The sandwhich was good, but it was HUGE. I couldnt eat it all, and only finished about half of it. My husband had the grouper sandwich and said it was tasty. He would order it again.   The french fries are very tasty, they have that crusty outer edge, sorta like arbys.. but not.. i cant explain it. Would definitely order again. Our second trip was two days later and we went with our my inlaws so we had four meals to review. My MIL had the special which was grouper stuffed with crab meat, and it came with Rice and Steamed veggies, and my FIL had the Grouper Platter (12oz filet of the freshest, local grouper served grilled, blackened or fried with your choice of any two sides) Both said it was VERY tasty though, my FIL said his was a little under fried and wished it was a bit crispier, but liked it despite that.  Both said they would order it again. Hubby had Fish and Chips - said it was ok, might order it again, nothing special. I had though.. something SO tasty i wish i could have every day for dinner i think. I believe(because its the ONLY thing highlighted on the menu) its their special. Tiki Tortellini Florentine (again quoted from their website) Two grilled chicken breasts over a bed of tender, tri-colored tortellini, tossed in a white garlic Alfredo and spinach cream sauce then drizzled with sweet balsamic reduction The sauce was not overflowing, it was just enough to cover the pasta, and add flavor. This was a huge meal again for me,and i ate half of it and took the other half home. We got to listen to live music for the second half of our dinner and it wasn't over powering. Nice addition to the atmosphere. All in all, of the few restaurants we attended, price was a little high in my opinion, but we all seemed happy with our food, and would return if in the area.  (meals were easily 13+ per person, not including drinks)   /mile long review
SLOW service. We were in Ft. Myers last week, which is there off season, and it took us forever to get a drink, order food and get our check. The food was definitely nothing to speak of.
We've been here many times, and tonight we were excited because we didn't have to wait, even though we had a party of 11. We told them we would be fine splitting into two tables of 5 and 6, ones or the kids and one for the adults.  They gave us a table for 4 and a table for 7. We then proceeded to order, and the kids table food came, but the adults did not.  Eventually we were told that there was a "mix-up" in the kitchen, which turned out to be them not making the food.  Eventually the food did come, and it was good, but at the end of the meal, the manager was very rude. She did not seem to even know what was going on when we explained the issue.  She blamed the whole thing on the fact that we has two tables, but we had two separate waiters.  She was very rude and ignorant.  Overall, we were not impressed.
Nice, clean place.  Didn't have any service problems at the bar.  Alcohol prices were below normal, for it being near the beach.  Although, I didn't try any food here, I think it is more than a capable restaurant/bar.
Service was pretty bad. Took forever to order our food and drinks, though luckily it was happy hour and they were slightly cheaper. Our food was so awful. My wife ordered the chicken quesadillas, which were super greasy and not very flavorful, and I ordered the fish tacos which tasted like fish sticks covered in watery ranch. I'm from Texas and have had waaaaay better fish tacos there.
Meh is right. Standard tourist pricing and taste. I had the baked seafood platter (1 scoop of garlic mashed for $2-3 I can't remember, nice considering it came out of a Gordons 5 gallon bucket), wife has the vodka chicken with sauce out of a jar and microwaved chicken). Best to try something else and pay a little more.
We went here this morning for breakfast. I had the chicken fried steak 7.95. My husband had 2 eggs, sausage and potatoes. 5.95. Good, hearty breakfast.
BEST wings on Ft Myers Beach, good live family style music, Great burgers, good fish. I dig it. Lots of TVs for sports but Not noisy. Wife LOVES the chicken quesadillas. The staff is excellent. Staff is also very active in beach events and we love to support a really good restaurant that supports the Beach!
Yucatan is our favorite spot in Fort Myers! Every time we go we try to get a spot at the bar if Josh is  working. He is an awesome bartender, always friendly and speedy. The fish tacos are a must! Reasonably priced food and drinks, great service and close to the beach. You can't go wrong with this place!
Outstanding bar service , josh takes the time to make the Yucatan experience a bonus!! Good times !!!
Good music, decent service, however didn't get anyone's food order right.  Attitude seemed complacent about serving the customer.  Wondered if anyone was managing the place.
Gonna try the tiki tortellini florentine!
Great time great fun and great music.
Food and atmosphere is a four star, service gets 1/2 star.  On a Monday at 1pm, no hostess to seat us, which even confused the couple in front of us.  Our waitress was horrible!  While waiting forever for her to take our order, I said, "I've got a bad feeling about this place."  The hostess/manager even looked at us and asked if we had been helped yet.  One would of thought that they would of addressed this problem with our waitress, but apparently they did not or our waitress just didn't care.  Food was good but took a long while to come out, even though they were not busy.  Hamburgers and beer were pretty good. The guy singing got the tip that our waitress would of got if she didn't suck.  Just wish we had the waitress that the large table had behind us so I can give this place a higher rating.
Sat nite 630 not busy.  Seated right away, but took 10 minutes for Anita to ask for our drink order. Nice looking interior with a nice beach theme, but I am guessing no locals go there. Nothing special about the menu, wife ordered the Sunfish tacos, fish was fried and she was not very impressed.   My pork sliders were as plain as they could be.  No sauce or dressing, just a piece of a pork chop on a bun with a piece of lettuce and a thin slice of tomato, my fry's were over cooked and all stuck together. Waitress was not very available, considering they had food runners and bus people you would think the server could check in a little.   We had to ask for refills on our drinks and that took forever. Frank the magician was strolling thru the place as was actually not bad, but over stayed his welcome with us by 2 tricks.  I know he is hustling for tips, but we aren't interested in your life story. Absolutely nothing special about this place, never again for us. Better off eating on the other side of the bridge at Doc Fords.   Waitress became personable when it was time for the check.
appetizers and drinks were good service little slow. Great atmosphere.
As Dionne Warwick would say, "just walk on by". The building and decor tease your curiosity but when you enter you feel like you walked into your grandparents' finished basement. Got off to a rough start with the server, but she came around and did a fine job. We ended up only ordering appetizers (so-so) and beverages and moved on. Despite my opening line, I'm not trying to be mean. But with other options along the water, it felt counterintuitive to be in a place that was so landlocked and just didn't deliver.
Very solid restaurant bar.  Totally Tiki atmosphere with open windows to let the gulf breeze in. Very cold beer and plenty of entertainment.  There was a DJ, steel drum player and a singer/songwriter on different occasions during the week. I would recommend the ginger spice shrimp skewers as far as the food goes. It is worth a stop!
This restaurant is owned by the same people who owned the place where we were staying. Since it was walking distance, we decided to give it a try. We loved it! The food is great, quantities large & prices reasonable. It's not the usual beach fare. They actually specialize in comfort food like Pork Chops, Rib Eye Steak, and burgers. The Jerk Chicken quesadillas are superb!  Atmosphere is outstanding. Bar Stools are boat captains' chairs. Great entertainers in the evenings and super drink prices. We went back twice...I don't think you will be disappointed.
Bad service , rude waiter. Salty clam chowder not new england. Steak burgers blah with no sauce and  tomato. Saggy bread for the burgers, and sandpapper quesadillas. A nine year old could cook better. Bathrooms were nasty, made you think what the kitchen may be like.
This bar is so nice because it is wide open and you can walk right off the street.  The waiter we had was exceptionally great and HOT too. LOL  I loved the whole scene there and its like everyone gets along there.  The drinks were so cheap too.  That was a shock to me being from CT.
Stopped in during early afternoon, drawn by the toothsome 20something soloist doing decent covers on last-decade pop hits.  Had the Caribbean Jerk Quesadillas and a Yucatan Punch.  Quesadillas were filling and fairly tasty, the punch was enough to get me pleasantly buzzed for the next hour or so.  Service was decently prompt, polite and unobtrusive.  Is it authentic or a locals' joint?  Uhhh, no, and what did you expect?  FMB is a big tourist trap any which way you look at it, so this place fits right in.  It's not particularly memorable, don't hold your wedding banquet here.  It's a decent place to get out of the sun, get a snack and a fruity drink, and relax, no more or less.
Ehh - walked in, decided to walk out. I've walked out of very few restaurants in my life but this was one. First, we were seated in the back corner by ourselves which was a bit uncomfortable but we decided to stick with it. One thing I can't stand is seeing staff leave the restroom without washing their hands. I know it and worse happens but I don't want to see it. Finished my beer, settled up and left.
I had a great time listening to live music on a Tuesday night. We stayed for a couple of hours and danced a bit. The service was excellent and there was a nice mix of people. A very comfortable place. I will be back with more friends.
Can't really give any reviews on the food (didn't eat anything) or the price of the drinks (didn't pay for them), but I was a fan of the convenient location to the beach, the high ceilings/decor, and the strong drinks. I spent my 23rd birthday here celebrating with my family and decent karaoke host/DJ. The vibe is definitely laid back and the service was adequate; not impressively nice, but not incompetent. Overall, the high rating is for the overall feel of the joint and the very strong Long Islands I sipped/guzzled all night.
The Yucatan is our favorite place to come for drinks on the whole island.   The drinks are large, strong and the prices are reasonable.  The live music they hire is always very talented.  The only downside is that there really isn't much of a dance floor, which is why we deducted one star.  Last year we spent New Years Eve here and we had a blast.  If you're looking for drinks, give the Yucatan a try.
I was impressed with the food here considering its a beach bar/restaurant.  Good live music and located near the main area of Ft. Myers beach. I would go back
Myself and 2 sons went after being at the beach for a couple of hours and walking the various shops yesterday. (we got there at 11:30am)  The bar is about a football field from the beach so it is an easy walk and you can go very casually dressed.  In a nutshell, it is bar food.  We got the Lava Nachos and 3 burgers.  No alcohol just soft drinks and water.  The food is nothing special but it is not bad either.  It is about what you would expect from a beach bar.  Would I tell you to make a special trip to eat there?  No.  I would tell you that if you were close to it and hungry to go and eat as it would be a decent meal.  The service was good.  For the 3 of us we spent $48 including a 15% tip....on burgers and nachos.
Went to Yucatan on Wed. 1/11/12. Seated very quickly. Our server was very prompt. She did a great job of taking care of us. We both had sandwiches and they were cooked perfectly and served in a timely manner. We would go back to this restaurant again. I would imagine they get very busy on weekends.
Perfect place for a sun fish (talapia) sandwich or salad.   Service is slow -aka - Florida style.  Not always a bad thing.
Want a good time and great Fish. This is the place to go in Fort Myers Beach! Been there Several times and never had such fun with great food.  Their service is amazing!
Ok so sadly I have been here a few times and have been very disappointed. The service isn't great... Slow and the food isn't superb either. There's better places to eat on the beach. The one plus is that the restaurant is open air which is nice but doesn't make up for the lack of taste and service
Great Food!  Maybe the best Ahi I have ever had.  Good service at both the bar and the table.  Nice entertainment.  The night we werew there they had a magician - Close Up Magic By Frank - who was just wonderful!  WE wll be back at Yucatan.
Been to the Yucatan many times..great bar, foods decent.Happy Hour is great ... Drinks and meals for 2 for under 40 bucks.We go there at least once each trip, great open air bar...parking is tight but not too bad.
Average food (good, just nothing to write home about) and good live music. Pleasant atmosphere. I felt like it was one of the nicer places in the area.
First time visit on December 7, 2012 with a party of 6 everyone was pleased with their meal.  Prices pretty much as expected for a beach town.  Service was average.  Atmosphere was really nice.  Don't think this place will disappoint anyone.  A must try if your on Fort Myers Beach.
Fun atmosphere and good food.  Open wall environment in which the entire interior looks like a basket (woven walls).  There was a live band during our visit (night of May 1st) which was pretty good and pretty loud.  So loud that my husband's order was wrong, but they replaced quickly with the correct order.  Our server was indifferent until she learned the order was wrong, then she was suddenly friendly. After a short wait to be seated at about 9pm, my husband and two small children were brought to a high boy table directly in front of the band.  Not only would my 4 & 6 year olds likely fall off those chairs, they would have suffered hearing loss and had a poor outlook in bands in their adult lives.  As a fan of live music, I want my kids to love, not loathe it.  I graciously said we would wait for another table and we were seated in a more reasonable area and sized table within minutes. Fish tacos were delicious.  Kids meals were huge.  Tenderloin sliders were good, but really just medium sized burgers.  Beers were reasonable.  I would go again.  Minor mishaps with the incorrect food order and improper seating, but they were quickly remedied.
Great little spot at Fort Myers Beach.  Restaurant is opened up and breeze was awesome.  Live Music, good service and good food.  Had the popcorn shrimp and it was very good.  At our table, raw oysters were okay.  Boiled shrimp was awesome and was the best thing at our table.  Beer was ice cold.  It was a good ending at the beach.
Went there on a Sunday and then again on the following Monday. Got the lobster ravioli on Sunday. It was to die for. So good! Got the blackened mahi pasta on Monday night. It was really good too. Service was decent. Not extraordinary but it wasn't bad. Great food and pretty cool decor.
Great fun & Josh our bartender was very nice & helpful. We had a couple appetizers that were great also. You must stop by!
I did have a good dining experience, however I left my credit card with the bill. I called the next day and had an awful time. The manager (a heavy dark haired woman) refused to check the back for my card because they were "too busy" and told me no one would be able to assist me until the next day. Being on vacation it was important to regain access to my funds, so I stopped by and politely asked if a manager could please check the safe for me. They obviously weren't "too busy" when I arrived (less than half capacity), but the same manager who spoke to me on the phone was incredibly annoyed that I showed up. She rudely dismissed me and told me that she did indeed check after my call and my card wasn't there. Thankfully, my waitress from the night before (Ashley) saw me and walked over just to let me know I left my credit card and it was in the back!! The manger gave her the most appealing look I've ever seen then walked into the back with her and returned with my property. I have to say the customer service on this issue was beyond terrible. If it weren't for Ashley I would have spent the evening canceling my card and reworking my finances to make it back home. I would recommend fellow travelers completely avoid this place. There are plenty of other restaurants within walking distance that are just as good, if not better.
Came down to Fort Myers to check out the beach then when in the Yucatan for a drink. Great atmosphere very casual and a great spot on a warm night.
If you like a burned out hostess, abrupt waiters, a loud, noisy restaurant, with too many kids (9 - 12 yo) at 10pm, you'll love this place.  It being post-spring break, can understand the exhausted energy of the staff.
Three of us went for an early dinner.  The food was very good.  Our server was fun, friendly and attentive.  We'd go back!
Best MOJITOS I have had anywhere! Bartenders were fun and the food was great. Much better than the typical bar food I was expecting. We went there a few times on our weeklong trip, yum!
Had the Yucatan Sliders. Really good. Hand made and cooked perfectly.
This place is just never going to compete with SOB's. Its sad because the interior is beautiful and the location is great, but there's a lot of inexperience and just average food quality. Our server Christian was great and polite so it pains me to give this place 3 stars, but its only due to food quality and everyone else besides Christian seemingly not caring about their job. (Wife ordered Sauv Blanc wine, Christian rang it up right on the ticket but the bartender poured Chardonnay)
I just tripped upon this place during a daily walk one day with my wife while on vacationing in Cape Coral.  We had lunch and were pleasantly surprised.  The lunch was excellent.  The atmosphere was welcoming.  I got a basic grilled chicken sandwich that made me want to sing.  It was just that good..... Waitress was a little on the dark side ( tattoos and all ) but very nice and accommodating. . .........
Our bartender gal was *covered* in neo-Nazi tattoos. Our drinks were good, strong for the price, but that is what I will remember forever. And also what I'll tell my friends.
We were in Ft Myers beach for about 6 nights and this became our hang out. The location is great. We had an open air window table and watched the bikers and cars parade along old San Carlos Blvd. First off the service is exceptional. Our first waiter was Paul and I thought he was great until we had Scott who went the extra mile  that you rarely see. Everything we ate was great. Clam chowder especially was about as good as it gets. Had the happy hour peel and eat shrimp $5. The shrimp was bigger than we'd had in other peel and eat places. Also had the King Crab and $4 happy hour margaritas. Ordered a few shots and they are free pours that come in tumblers glasses (very generous portion). Live music every time we were there plus as a bonus they have a close up magician working the tables. He entertained us for about 10 minutes and we were both impressed. Can't think of anything negative to say.
great place good food and drinks
What can I Say.... This is the best place on FMB and FMB is great.  The bar staff is amazing.  Josh, Mike and Kiara are by far the best bartenders on the beach.  If you are looking for a good time and great food/drinks stop in and see them.  I am there 3 times a year visiting PARADISE and the first and last stop is an always will be The Yukatan.  If they read this they will know who sent it.  Coming in again from Boston on 03/16/12 and will be there by 12:00.  See you then.
Food ok. What makes this place worth visiting is the open air bar with some of the coldest draft beer in FMB.
We've been eating here since we started coming to Ft Myers Beach 4 years ago and it always wonderful! The fish tacos and oysters are amazing! And they have a great kids menu. My 4 year old always gets the HUGE hot dog!
We just had lunch at the Yucatán everything was so good our server whose name is Leanne was wonderful so hopefully all the reviews about slow service are things of the past. we certainly enjoy this place     was second time there!!
Ate there last night. Cool bar and ICE COLD beers. They have a digital thermometer at the hostess stand as u walk in with the current temp of the draft beer. Pretty cool.
My family has been coming to fort Myers beach for more than 20 years,  And we always saw the tiki man outside, so we finally tried this restaurant. It was very delicious! It's a little hot because there's obviously no air conditioning, but there were some fans. The clam chowder...was incredible! Very good flavoring and taste, nice and salty but not too salty. Nice big clams and tender potatoes. I also ordered the Cuban sandwich with sweet potato fries that came with a marshmallow dipping sauce...the Cuban sandwich surprised me as it was amazing! Nice Cuban bread, the pork and ham was nice and juicy. And a nice pickle inside. Very good flavor. Now the sweet potato fries were good. That marshmallow dipping sauce, is TO DIE FOR. It's heaven in a container. We'll be sure to make this restaurant one we go to every year!
My wife and I were in Ft. Myers Beach for the day and planned to try Smokin Oyster Brewery (SOB) because of all of the great reviews. However, SOB was closed due to remodeling, and Yucatan is next door. We were there on a weekday in late August, and the area was eerily quiet since it was off season. I'm told that it can take hours to get onto the island in the cooler months, but that was not the case when we visited! Only a handful of other diners came in, and the touristy neighborhood was fairly vacant. The majority of the seating is on a covered porch, though indoor seating is also available. We sat on the porch and enjoyed overlooking the (seasonally limited) action on the street from under the cool fans. The porch has multiple large flat screen TVs, but the noise did not compete too much with our conversation. Our server was very personable and helpful, and he recommended the Mahi-Mahi. I ordered the mahi sandwich blackened with sweet potato fries. The sweet potato fries were amazing, and they overshadowed the mahi. A side item should not outdo an entrée, but the mahi was just okay and rather dry. I have a hard time believing that it was caught fresh from the Gulf, like it was advertised. The menu is surprisingly varied, making this a good stop for seafood lovers and non-seafood lovers alike, but my wife went with mahi as well. She ordered the Sol De Pescado (fish salad) and substituted the tilapia with mahi. She also commented that the fish was dry and not quite worth the price. However, we enjoyed a leisurely lunch and cooling off under the porch as we shared a pitcher of beer and our meals. If you're looking for a place within walking distance of the boardwalk to grab a cocktail, catch a game, and nibble on something while cooling off and people watching on Old San Carlos, this place is perfect. If you are looking for really good seafood, you might leave slightly disappointed.
Been there with wife and 2 kids. Food was very very good. Had the wings and the fish tacos. All very well done. We also had the fish platter and was plentiful of food for 4 people. Service was good as well.
The food is good. Let's get that established. The decorations are cool, and the 3 times we have been there the live music performers have been audience friendly. But.... The service SUCKS every time. The first time we went the waitress took cash for my order, then added it to my friend's bill and gave attitude about him not wanting to pay my bill for a second time. The next time we went we had a bunch of kids with with us and the server seemed completely pissed about it. Yesterday we were there (first time in almost a year) and Mitch (our waiter) could not have been less attentive. Drinks were wrong, and refills not offered, food was slow, my daughter tried to order her food and he cut her off and asked me to place her order (she is 9 and well spoken). Again as with other times- food was good, service was awful.
Four stars only because on our second visit it took too long to get the food.   We came here twice on our stay because we could walk here and the food was exactly what it should be for the price.   We had peel and eat that was good first time we had it but the second time the ice melted and and mixed with the spice and so it looked like we were eating peel and eat shrimp out of dirty mud water.   The wings were fantastic.  The taco salad was meh.   Not enough beef and the lettuce looked a little worn out.   The conch chowder was right on but just a tad spicy for  my wife to be.   The service was excellent however.  Christian served us both times and did a great job and was funny.   The ambiance was fun but a lil warm.
After years of vacationing down here near Ft. Myers Beach, I finally that I had to try out this interesting bar/restaurant with live music.  The staff was very friendly and inviting right off the bat.  Even though we were sat right next to the music (just note that we did not mind being by the music or speakers one bit at all), the volume was up just enough to be enjoyable but you could still easily carry a conversation.  Now to the good part that everyone wants to see first in a review.  The food was awesome.  I had the house favorite fish tacos which were awesome.  The Fiancee had the chicken quesadilla and said it was the best quesadilla she has ever had at a restaurant.   The proportions were juat right and the prices were very reasonable.  The restaurant was very clean and cool.  The live music was great and was very friendly.  Can't wait for our next visit!
Great mojito and the sunfish tacos were very tasty. Neat atmosphere. Good friendly service and reasonable prices. Best meal I had while visiting fort Meyers for three days.
