My wife and I came here in June with a group of six friends and we had a fantastic time. Here's why: 1. The waiter was a pro. He was quick, he was attentive and he knew the dishes. It felt good to have him in charge. 2. We asked for an outside table. They said they could squeeze us all in on a four-seater, but truth is this hog could have fit 10.  The garden is beautiful if the weather is nice. 3. The food was awesome. Scallops were tasty, duck was delicious and the shrimp & grits were fiiiiiiine. Great, delicious, filling courses. Bonus: we took advantage of the Yelp checkin deal so got 5 free wines and then they comped us dessert for not having one appetizer. Class.
$27 plate of what tasted like leftovers. I ordered the Pork Shank, which was served with ice-cold brussels sprouts that lacked seasoning in addition to heat, and unseasoned mashed potatoes that were luke warm and possibly made the day before. The pork shank was just ok, and the balsamic BBQ sauce resembled a generic store bought BBQ sauce. My girlfriend ordered the Shrimp and Grits entree and was brought the appetizer portion. Shrimp were good but the grits tasted like they were instant. $18 three cheese plate to start was...underwhelming and took about 30 min to come out. The wine, good. We've had some great meals here in the past but this trip was overly disappointing.
Had some great dinner at the Twisted Vine with some awesome cooked Sea Scallops! The service was excellent. Overall a great experience.
We went for lunch. It's a nice restaurant downtown Ft. Myers. The lunch menu was limited to salads and sandwiches. Food is average.
Great meal. Wife had Filet cooked perfectly. We shared a Tomato salad, excellent. I had Breaston of Duck, really good. Risotto was excellent. Service on point.  Great selection of wines. I think this restaurant is often overlooked.
This is a good restaurant.  Not a great one though. No one in our party had a problem with their food but no one raved about it either. It was just another place to eat before the theater. I had the Shrimp and Grits which was an interesting variation on the theme. It was nice - but nothing special. $28.00 for a bowl of grits and 6 shrimp it seemed a little high priced. The same item in St. Pete last weekend was $18.00 and it was superior. My wifes' Grouper was $32.00. Again, the quality didn't justify that price. The Vine seems to have gotten their act together regarding service. Service was outstanding. A couple of people got dirty wine glasses and they were replaced immediately. On the other other hand why weren't these glasses caught by the waitstaff? Why did we have to check all our glasses for lipstick stains? The experience was pleasant enough but I don't feel compelled to make a return visit.  When in this part of Florida the choices are so great that good is not enough. On the other hand the place was so busy that they're doing very well. Maybe I'm just too fussy.
I just moved to the area and I have been here at least six times since May. We always bring family here. I love their Blood Orange Martini, and the burger is outrageous.
My girlfriend and I had a pleasant evening at Twisted Vine. We had a cozy table for two by the window and they had live Jazz music. I got the NY strip and my date got the filet. We split a bottle of Malbec (the cheapest red on the menu but enjoyed it very much). The food was delicious with both of our steaks cooked to perfection. However, with just two entrees and a bottle of wine, the final bill was about $120. In conclusion, you will most likely enjoy your dinner, but be ready pay for it. Probably best reserved for a special occasion.
Great atmosphere, amazing food, good drink selection.  A little pricey, but you reall can't get better in downtown.  We haven't dined outside yet, but both of our visits were very, very good.  Servers really know the menu and the wine.
Been here twice and reviewed only once.... Regretfully. This place stands out amongst other casual establishments in the area, yet no one reviews it on yelp.  If your looking for upper scale cuisine in Ft. Myers downtown area.  This is the ONLY place to go.   Average priced entrees in the upper twenties to thirties.
Awesome restaurant, we've been twice now and both times it was a home run. Great location, back patio is nice, we had (6) in our group this time and all plates were delicious! Perfect place to start an evening. We'll be back.
I generally hate to write reviews on places when they're decidedly negative, after just one visit -- but I feel as if I didn't have much choice. Showed up for lunch at 1230, with an OpenTable - and was seated outside. Friend showed up at 1235 - second showed up at 1245. First friend had to be back at work by 200 - we ordered, and waited. And waited. You can see where this is going. 140, lunch showed up. We didn't order anything fancy - sandwiches, salads, etc. We got a "your order is next" from the server - but didn't get our food until 15 minutes later. By that point, one friend had to scarf down lunch to get to work - and my 2hrs. of free parking had expired, thus leading to a ticket. Now, this kind of thing happens, sure. But, in this case, the restaurant wasn't busy. Compound that with a server who didn't quite seem to know what she was doing 100% of the time, and we have an issue. Ignoring the service issue, the lunch was decent - my club was good, although I could have used a couple more fries alongside.  Curiously, I think my soda was flat - and - went empty a couple of times. If I lived here, I'd give it another shot - in fact, one friend visits often, and says its not typically like this. But, as a visitor, it left a bad impression. And... That's a shame.
First time visiting this well known restaurant after a Florida Rep Theatre performance. We were seated promptly and the wait staff were friendly and attentive. The free glass of wine and the fixed price 3 course meal (shrimp and steak specials) were excellent and a reasonable value. Highly recommended....
This was one of the best restaurants in Ft. Myers. Something changed. Prices are way too high for the quality of the food now.  The wait times are also extremely long. There were four tables of people and it took us 30 minutes to get a cheese tray. Sad, but that's the last time we go there.
Way overrated food 30 bucks for four scallops is a joke.  Salmon was without flavor bread was stale got the money I spent I thought I would have had an explosion of great foods but was terribly disappointed never again.
Complete and utter disappointment.  I expected so much based on the location and the atmosphere and instead I got sub  par food at incredibly inflated prices. The sea scallops were laughable, and the salmon was without any flavor. Any entry level chef can sear a piece of salmon and slap it on a plate; and that's what we got. At least the wine was good.  But at $300 for a party of 4, I feel like we should have at least gotten a happy ending.
Our reservation for a table of 4 was lost at the restaurant across the street, not willing to wait, we walked into Twisted Vine and were seated immediately. Our server, Joel, was great! The food was excellent! I had the special, Yellow Tail Snapper while the others had the Duck and Salmon dinners. Made for a great evening with the live music.
Party of 6 ordered 7 pm food brought near 9pm .Waiter kept saying they were over booked. My chicken was not good to much sage flavor and side of rice lumpy. Waiter just said rice should have been stirred it was ok. Well it was not ok with me. Bill or food was not corrected .  Steak  ordered by my husband was very fatty. We will not return. When a waiter picks up a plate of food that had not been eaten they should know something needs to be done.
Update 7/22/13: We were contacted by the owner and the episode was resolved above our expectations. As a result we are changing the rating from two to four stars. ---- The two star rating is based upon something that should never happen during a typical dining experience: the server spilling a glass of red wine across my wife's white shirt and pants. If it was not for this experience and how it was resolved this would easily be a 4-5 star review. The food was excellent and the menu creatively tasty without being outlandish. Unfortunately, due to a clumsy accident by the waiter, a full glass of red wine was spilled, or more correctly splashed/sprayed across the front of her white shirt and into her lap. This was not a minor spill, it covered the chest area from right shoulder to left. The waiter apologized, immediately moved us to a dry table, and muttered something about dry cleaning.  If we had any other plans for the afternoon (like going to work) we would have had to cancel them due to the complete bodily coverage of the spill. Thankfully, we didn't have anything else to do so my wife put on her light sweater and decided to remain for our lunch. When it came time for the check the waiter asked if I would like another glass of wine or if my wife wanted a dessert. After stating we desired neither it became obvious the offer was supposed to be in compensation for the horrendous spill. At this point I had to request that the proper thing to do would be to comp my wife's meal, especially since she remained seated in her wet pants along with her public display of Merlot "Splash". He stated he would have to call the owner to get that approved. We never saw the owner or manager but in the end her meal was taken off the check. This could have been handled so much better. Having to fight to get the meal comped was ridiculous. There should have been an acknowledgement from the management that a horrible event happened that ruined the outfit, a business card should have been presented along with a promise they would do whatever reasonable to correct the incident. Unfortunately this was not the case here.
Attractive environment, pretty courtyard. Busy holiday evening, food took 1 1/2 hours to come.  Reasonably good waiter service.  Wine selection great but very pricy.  Pot roast grilled cheese appetizer is to die for.  Filet Mignon was chewy, sides were cold, Expected more from a high end kitchen on that.  Overall favorable experience & good option for downtown.  Hopefully the food was just due to the extremely busy night.  Will try again.
So disappointed that a draw to downtown is losing it's luster. Dinner last night was a sad departure from experiences in the past. This is not the first  and now it's just confirmed that it hasn't been because of an "off' night. Tonight, the kitchen staff was slower than usual and it was noted the restaurant was not full to capacity. As I looked around it seemed like every table was waiting for something...like the next course. (I will give kudos that the caesar salad was very tasty). When dinner arrived...my dinner mate gave thumbs up for his med-rare new york strip. My crispy-skin salmon was not only Not crispy, but the soggy, limp skin was a put-off. The salmon itself was lacking in flavor and was atop a serving of mashed potatoes that tasted and had texture similar to instant (over-whipped,under seasoned and loose). Since this is not the first disappointing dinner I've had at Twisted, it will be the last. Paying a premium, one would expect better. I still recommend Twisted Vine for the occasional appetizer, cocktail and easy listening guitar player.
Slow service! So slow that the waiter asked if we were doing okay with our drinks, I had to remind him he never brought mine! Only gave it 2 stars because at least I got a free glass of wine for checking in,  when they should have given me the first glass gor free!
New owners, new servers, new food, and an amped atmosphere - the new Twisted Vine calls for an updated review.  For anyone that has dined here prior to a few months ago...that was yesterday's experience.  Say no more to the days of pushy priced-based waitstaff and bottled water that will call 911 on you if you don't opt to order and drink it. Nicely situated in downtown Fort Myers, this place is my mom's go-to spot for an after work glass of wine, and she took me with her one night when I was visiting.  She's a regular and somewhat of a celebrity; I was introduced to all with a very proud "THIS is my son Tyler" and it was immediately apparent that my mom shared some stories about [how cool I am, how much she loves me.]  I approve of this.  My mom is awesome. We sat at the bar with the new owners [Steve and Denise, successful Wisconsinite restaurateurs that most definitely know what the hell they are doing] that she recently, quite instantly became best friends with.  They were sampling new wines (oh yes, their wine selection is selected with purpose) having dinner, and chatting up people in the area.  Steve is a former chef, so you know the food will be chef tested and approved before it ever hits your plate. Had a few Yuenglings on tap (a requirement when it is available) and my mom was handed a glass of her preferred wine 3.6 seconds after she sat down.  We munched on the calamari and ahi appetizers, both of which were amazing and I would get them again in a heartbeat. Despite my urge to order the pork Steve (owner) was eating, I opted for the chicken (see picture) that came with half a giant clove of garlic.  SO good.  Chicken was perfect, potatoes were creamy, and freshly roasted garlic in just about every bite made this a 6 star dish.  Tip:  Save a little garlic for the end (if you can manage that) and put some on a piece of bread, then dip that bread in whatever remnants remain on the place.  Chew, enjoy, and repeat. So do yourself a favor and eat here.  I recommend the chicken, but everything that came out of the kitchen was great, and, with a consistently updated menu, will continue to be great.   Say hi to Steve and Denise who will most likely be right out in the restaurant with you, and tell them Tyler (well, Sharon's son) sent you.
Not sure what the other negative reviews were for. Beautiful atmosphere, great food and outstanding service. Will definitely be coming back here often
Yes, we gave this place a return visit. It's a fun, happening place with above average food and above average service and above average ambiance. While the waiter won't attempt to sneak a $7 bottle of water onto your table anymore, he will aggressively attempt to upgrade you (ala "would you like fries with that?") He will, multiple times, recommend the bottled water, appetizer & high price items on the menu. SAY LAH VEE. Just resist, and enjoy...
Have been here several times! Food is amazing and service is great.  The perfect place for a casual quiet meal (especially on the back patio).  The calamari with a little twist was great and original and my steak was cooked to perfection. Thanks for the experience and hope to have many more great ones
We are only in Ft Myers a few times a year and decided to try this restaurant although we were actually looking for it's former name H2 Tappas. When my wife and I and another couple got there we discovered the name change, ownership change, menu change and chef change.  Since we were not expecting an upscale restaurant, we were dressed in jeans but the hostess and waiter made us feel welcome.  The live entertainment was excellent and consisted of a guy playing his guitar singing 70's and 80's songs. The appetizers and salads were a little pricey ($8 or $9 for a wedge salad) but we were not that hungry anyway so we started with drinks. My wife had a chocolate martini which she really enjoyed and the rest of us enjoyed a bottle of wine. I decided to try the yellow fin snapper on a bed of mushroom risotto with spicey lobster sauce. This absolutely the best fish entree I have ever had. Even my wife who is not a big fish eater couldn't keep her fork off my plate. As for the previous comment about the water, our waiter asked if we would like tap water. Maybe they changed their ways after John's comment. We will definately be going back on our next visit.
Armed with a nice Restaurant.com certificate, we tried MANY items, although the names escape me. Our waitress was very accommodating and Vanilla Crosby was playing on a Thursday evening (great local group). Some other reviews described it as "dressy" but I did not sense that vibe. Pricy, yes and I would suggest it for an appetizer, bottle of wine evening. The menu is interesting and everything we ordered was delicious. The main course, lovely, but were presented on overly large dishware. Not a dinner killer but it was awkward. The portions are what you would expect in such a place, no leftovers, but that's ok with me. We will return, equipped with discounts.
We landed here while driving through Ft. Myers.  I am glad I can rely on my fellow yelpers for their reviews as they never let me down. This place had a great ambiance and live music.  Our server was friendly yet a bit slow and seemingly lost or new. I had to ask her to bring me water even though she should have noticed plus the restaurant was not that packed yet and attention to deatail cannot be overlooked. Oh well. She knew her menu and tried her best I think. Intially the service seemed a bit slow and they didn't serve us any complimentary bread or anything.  I guess they want people to order appetizers - and that's what we did.  My fiance had their tomato soup of the day and we also ordered the tuna tartar, which were both exceptional and fresh.  The tuna tartar had great chunks of fresh tuna mixed in with red onions, capers and lemon juice.  Really very tasty.  They topped it with some home-made potato chips. Clever! Our entrees were delicious.  I had the wild grilled salmon which they served on a bed of garlic mashed potato and baby squash medley. Presentation was neat, portion was right on and they paid attention to my special request to serve the beure blanc on the side. My firance had the duck with mango salsa and maduros.  Seems like a strange combo but he liked it! Overall for a high-end meal and 1 drink the total came out to about 80 bucks.  Not bad for a place in the middle of Downtown Ft. Myers.
Outside courtyard nice. Food average. Overpriced Service very average.  Never noticed our water glasses empty.
I am all about passion for your business and Steve from Twisted Vines called me about my last review, he was concerned and wanted to know more details. After talking to him I realize that he is passionate and really cares about his customers. He explained the wine pricing and his pour strategy.  His per glass prices are reasonable and fair.  He has owned it for a couple of years now and is always looking to update and keep current his wine list. Great Job Steve I look forward to my next visit!
2nd time there in about 6 weeks. Food is good but very overpriced. 32.00 for 4 scallops?  Very crowded and noisy as you are right on top of each other. Very convenient to Florida Rep. Though. Need to find a more reasonably priced alternative. 3 stars. Ken Naples
Came in for happy hour, and scored wine for $2.50 a glass!  We came at 5:00 on a Thursday night.  Ordered the lamb ribs, and a angus burger.  Wow, made from scratch ketchup, and everything was delicious!  What a great little secret in down town Ft Myers.  A must go to place. Just renovated the bathrooms with raised vessel sinks, and an amazing bar.
We had some great times here. We met with a bunch of my wife's old friends and had a ball. We talked and ate and drank for three hours, until we were the last ones in the restaurant, The waiter and bar tender took care of everything we asked for. I had the salmon with whipped potatoes, which I was really surprised to find out was Alaskan salmon. Delicious! My wife had the snapper and said it was great.  We'll be back!
Traveled to Ft. Myers/Sanibel for business purposes and enjoyed Sunday night dinner here.  We were a large group, fully occupying the outdoor seating area, with a pre-fixe menu.  The open-air courtyard was lovely for our purposes; we could circulate over drinks, and change seats before dessert.  The food was consistently good. Service, however, was a bit slow at the start, and grew slower as the night passed.  At the end, it took far too long to get the check; half our party had departed for the shuttle bus.  Note that one needs to exit the courtyard and enter the corner restaurant to use the washrooms.)
Food was good. Gave it 1stars because my daughter was served wrong soup. Although when asked if she had touched or ate it she replied no the server reserved to correct table.  How does he know she did not cough or sneeze. Gross....... Not restaurants fault but servers
I will rarely turn down a free glass of wine, especially when the menu is as alluring as Twisted's. If you check in on Facebook, Twitter, or Yelp at TVB, just ask and you will receive. Everything on and off the menu was mouthwatering, and so I decided to take the tapas/small plates route. My stomach would only, and unfortunately, allow two of them. So, I indulged in Tuna Tartare and the Duck Confit over Fried Green Tomatoes. The Tuna was prepared with capers, lemon aioli, and red onion. It was topped with homemade potato crisps. Absolutely delicious. My favorite, however, was the duck. It is, in fact, cooked in its own fat. Presentation was lovely and it was very filling for being a small plate. I could not turn down dessert, and the bread pudding came highly recommended. It came ala mode and was fantastic. A little Keoke coffee (Brandy, Godiva, and Kahlua) finished off my night. I won't lie, my stomach was so pissed off after this meal. Not sure if it was the combination (tuna + duck + pudding + brandy)...BUT it was well worth it.
Probably the most expensive meal we've eaten out in Fort Myers, but very pleasant.  Not crowded at all on a Thursday evening in June.  My wife's duck breast special was great, as were my scallops.  A minor demerit for the Chocolate Pecan Pie, which seemed more like a big slab of chocolate with a little bit of pecan pie filling.  I agree that this is a nice variation from the other options in downtown.
Wine was great, but most of my dishes were underwhelming. Their lobster mac n' cheese was a gimmick dish - you can definitely make amazing lobster mac, but this was just butter and lobster and noodles. It's like the chef had no idea how to make a roux. I told a nicer version of this to my waiter and he scoffed at me, because he probably thought that anyone who ordered it was childish. But believe me, there is a right way to do it, and they did not do it.
Excellent food, excellent service, excellent ambiance. I went with a large group and we had the best time. Our server was incredibly knowledgable about the wines and made excellent pairings with our food. Everyone in our group ordered something different and nobody had a bad meal. I recommend. It's a great place for a date night.
Went there before the rep and our waiter, Kevin, was very pleasant and helpful. The food was excellent. It was a little cramped and noisy so it was difficult to carry on a conversation. Live music began at 6:30 and the musician was very good but I think hardly anyone could hear him because of the loud noise. Also, I am not a fan of the high top tables and chairs which are at least one- half of the restaurant .
Great food and ok service. The wine selection was good and the bar seemed like it was well stocked. However, the number of tables crammed into the place is LUDICROUS. I am not exaggerating, I had to ask one of the patrons to get up so we could leave (I weigh 125#).
Nice place for dinner, although a bit on the expensive side. French onion soup was burnt. Scallops were good, but $32. Had a few good beers on draft. Close to the theater.
I was in Ft. Myers on business with a co-worker and we ate at the Twisted Vine.   The location of the Twisted Vine is in the historic downtown, a block off the water.  When we arrived, we were a little hesitant in that the place was pretty quiet at 8.00 p.m. (although it was a Sunday).  The menu was also somewhat limited. Anyways, after driving around we settled on the Twisted Vine and had a very nice dinner.  The decor is beautiful, tall ceilings, one open space and it looked like the kitchen was open to the dining room.  There was seating outside but it was right on the main road so we opted for inside.  My only complaint regarding ambiance, which is common almost everywhere in Florida, the A/C was too cold. The food, we each had the shrimp chowder, which was cream based, with a hit of spice and big chunks of shrimp and potato.  We both enjoyed the chowder.   I had the wild salmon which was served over mashed potato and it had a sauce that was similar to the shrimp chowder base, creamy, sweet with a hint of kick.  The salmon was properly prepared with a nice char to the outside.   My dining companion had the snapper, which was served with risotto cake (she said the cake didn't have much flavor) and she was generally pleased with her meal as well.  They also have an extensive wine list although I did not partake since this was a work trip. The service was prompt and friendly.
One of my favorite restaurants. Great wine selection, the food is just delicious. Some of the servers are awesome, but there's one that I'm not very impressed with him.
Absolutely delightful & delish! Hands down a four! We started the meal with FL Ceviche and Caesar salad...the salad was large enough to share. We enjoyed dirty martinis as well.... Mmmmmm. John had the Pan Seared Yellow Tail Snapper... I loved the risotto with it plus tons of garlic! I enjoyed the Wild Salmon on whipped potatoes. The raspberry chocolate martini for dessert was yummy! Atmosphere is fantastic too! If you go at sunset, you can walk over to the river and get a gorgeous view!
Very nice place great food excellent service
Good, honest fare. Nice atmosphere and great winelist.
Fantastic food. Best meal in 2 days since I arrived. Well done.
We came here for our 25th anniversary. In retrospect I wish I'd picked a more romantic place as the place is open, tables fairly closely spaced, and noisy. I guess I should have taken "bistro" serious, which indeed it is. But it wasn't so noisy that you couldn't have a nice conversation without yelling. The food was good without being spectacular. My pork osso bucco nicely fell off the bone but could have benefited from more seasoning. My wife was very happy with her filet mignon without getting ecstatic about it. The desserts were arguably the best part of dinner. The espresso creme brûlée was very good but couldn't hold a candle to the bread pudding, which was excellent and is highly recommended. The wine list was somewhat limited and on the pricey side. All in all, we quite enjoyed our evening but would probably try some other places in Ft. Myers before coming back.
We had a reservation on valentines day which was difficult anywhere but they got us in with no problems. The setting of the restaurant is fairly classy. The wait staff on the other hand was a little sketchy, a scraggly long haired trashier kid rock took our order and during the meal we had to physically flag him down for more wine. The food was decent I ordered the lamb, it was cooked perfectly and very tender however the portions left much to be desired. The wine selection is extensive as well as the bar, although slightly over priced. Overall if your looking to really impress a date this place could do the trick, but there are several other local spots with great quality food and drink that are more resonabley priced. Dinner for 2 and 2 glasses of wine: $150.00. + tip of course.
Went to the South Africa wine tasting and then went to dinner after. I have to say it's refreshing to see a Chef have passion and care with the plates he's serving. We watched him taste,send back plates, and perfect presentations. I got the the Red Snapper in lobster sauce which was amazing. It was the best dish I had on vacation! My girlfriend got the Mahi, the fish was cooked perfectly and the sauce  light but flavorful. The wine pairing was on point but also have a great selection if you decide otherwise. The service was excellent and chef came over to the table to ensure our satisfaction. We will defiantly be back.
This restaurant is fabulous! My whole family was happy and satisfied leaving here.  All the entrees-especially the salmon were amazing!  Highly recommend it!
Decided to visit after reading reviews on yelp and so glad we did! The food was very good. Loved the atmosphere, this is the kind of place you dress up for. The wait staff was very friendly and helpful. The restaurant is located downtown ft Meyers. Walking distance to many bars in the area. We will definitely be back!
Attentive waiter; excellent snapper with risotto dish: live music in the background. Appealing atmosphere, good location; I'd go back for sure.
This place was recommended by a friend.  I had the scallops and the beet  salad appetizer. Both were delicious as was the red snapper that my girlfriend had.  Service was efficient and friendly.  Nice decor. My only complaint was that it was a little loud for conversation,but the food was so delicious and i will definitely go back and recommend.
Atmosphere is perfect for a night out. Beautiful restaurant with really good food. Had the Wild Salmon and crab cakes. Both so fresh and delicious!! Presentation was good too. Definitely recommend to others.
So we are not one to complain, right, what's the point.  Restaurants have variables (staff shortages, food vendors, customer rushes, etc..) and can accept that.  But last night we visited Twisted Vine and were disappointed with the WINE.  So, when the waiter came to the table, I was debating over a nice bottle of Gavi at $56 or SB at somewhere around $42 when the waiter suggested a nice sparkling Rose, great, we had something to celebrate so that made sense.  He came back to take our order, brought us some amazing bread and said the bottle had been chilling since 3 but he wanted to put it on ice so it would be a few minutes, great, we would perfer it cold we explained.  The acceptable amount of time passes and the food runner brings out our first round of small plates, still no wine.  We are almost through the four tapas we had ordered, the waiter was back to see how things were, asked us if we were going to order an entree, talked up other thinks, still no wine.  A few mintues later he returns, popped the cork and pours the first glass.  Waiter had a hard time pouring becasue it appeared neither  the glasses or the wine was very cold, but we pressed on and he did bring a chilled marble cooler so we ordered some more small plates. The wine was as described, dry, nice flavor, would of gone great with the bread and first course that were all gone. Ironically, the women we presume to be an owner/hostess even stopped by and commented on our wine choice as one of her favorites. By the second glass it was clear..this had spent maybe the 30-40 minutes since we ordered on ice but was room temp or warmer prior to that.  My wife had to put ice in it to make it drinkable.  I understand if the staff has incentives to up sell certian brands or types of wine, overstock, etc... I am fine with that, but the bottomline is we shouldn't have to put ice in a $50 bottle of wine at a place called Twisted Vine.  Come clean and just tell us your suggested wine isn't cold enough to serve and ask whatelse you can bring us, don't try and pass it off and think we don't know any better. For what it is worth the food was very good and I suggest the tuna tar tar, crab and shrimp martini, beet salad and many of the other food options, but stay away from the warm sparkling wine...
Atmosphere is great. Bathroom was the nicest I've ever seen. Food, well, ok. My husband's steak looked phenomenal but since I don't eat red meat I went for the red snapper in spicy lobster sauce. For $30 there was certainly ample amount of fish on my plate but it was very bland. Spicy? Really? Very watery red sauce with very little flavor. The fish itself was mediocre. It tasted fried actually. My caprese salad to start with for $8 had three very large slices of orange, pale red tomatoes that were not even close to tasting like a tomato. Very disappointing! The mozzarella was excellent however. I will probably go back and try something else because I think the menu had lots of potential and the atmosphere was so fun. Maybe will try the chicken.... I suggest not wasting your $ on the snapper.
Great meal, went for restaurant week. Osso bucco was delish but the cioppino pot pie was fantastic, great presentation.
nice food and atmosphere for downtown.
Great ambiance. Good service. Be sure to make a reservation or you won't get in. Try some of  Chef Brian's selections for dinner, you won't be disappointed.
We have eaten at the Twisted Vine at least 15 times in the last year and a half and have enjoyed it.  We had been bragging to our friends, who always stay on Fort Myers Beach, how great Downtown is and finally talked them into the drive there.  We may have chosen a bad day to go because of the Edison Festival of Lights parade, but we all got lucky and found places to park very close.   When we arrived at the restaurant is was very empty, there seemed to be as much help, as patrons.   We were seated immediately and had a great table.  It was the high tops   near, but not too close to the great entertainer.  We ordered drinks (there were 6 of us) .The order was 1 draft bear, one scotch on the rocks, and four martinis It took very long, and then the waitress brought them one at a time.   First the scotch and water,at least 5 minutes later, two dirty martinis, a few minutes later, an Almond Joy martini.  next was a vodka martini, which must been made in the same shaker as the dirty martinis because it tasted of Olives,. This was replaced with the correct drink, which was fine.  Finally the draft beer was brought to the table,.  We were all laughing at how long the beer took. The waitress finally came to take our order.  I had the Pan Seared Snapper, it was fantastic.  I will find it hard to order anything else on the menu it was so good.  It was a very generous piece and cooked perfectly.   My wife, & a friends wife, ordered the tenderloin tips.  We had been at the bar having drinks about a month earlier and the woman next to us had ordered them. They looked fantastic,  was a very generous portion,and the woman  was raving about them.  My wife and friend's were not so great, they were tough, grisly, not as large a portion as we had observed before and didn't come with a sauce. After asking, the waiter brought a sauce to put on them.  Also, because of the size portion we had observed before, my wife and friend ordered them as their main course.  My wife had also ordered the wedge salad and loved it. It was a very large portion and the dressing was great. Another of our guests ordered the Braised Peruvian lamb Shank and said he would definitely go back and order it again, it was perfect. The last couple both ordered the special of the day, a Veal Porterhouse.  They both liked it and said it was very good, (not great) but way more than acceptable.  They also split a Caesar salad and liked it. We had eaten there many times before and miss a few items off their old menu, the house salad and the twin tenderloins wrapped in bacon. I think they should put them back on the menu, we miss them they were so good. We also ate there about a week ago and I had the Rib Eye Steak and it was good. and my wife had the Pan Seared snapper which was, as always, fabulous.The other couple was not impressed All in all, we like this restaurant and we will go back there and try again, (even Babe Ruth didn't hit a home run every time at bat).  But, this is the third time in a row that it seams they are slipping.  I don't know if it's the owners or chief, but I hope they get their act together because the place is beautiful, the bar can be fun, and we love to go downtown.
Excellent service, pretty good food.  The Friday night entertainment  sets a nice atmosphere, too.  It has a good balance of feeling upscale without being pretentious.  All in all, a really great place for a night out.
