A friend recommended this place a few weeks ago.  We stopped in last night and we're very happy with food and service.  Menu is very extensive.  We had steamed clams for appetizer followed by grouper rocker feller and Mahi Mahi fish tacos.  All the side items were also amazing.    We loved everything and will be back.   They even had a one man band who played at right volume and good mix of music.
i have been here twice now, on trips a few months apart. the first visit was terrible experience. i got the grouper tacos. i LOVE grouper, and i LOVE tacos. my sides were squash and zucchini and i can't remember what else. the presentation was fine, and even looked more than promising as it came with a pretty flower that i ate first thing. :)  but the tacos....they were so bad. the fish, i ordered grilled, was soggy and mushy and blechhh. i can imagine the cook placing the soggy nasty scraps of fish into the tacos. did they think, "would I eat this? would i pay for this?"  the sauce it came with was WAY too abundant and disturbingly sweet. again, i have to imagine the bottle of sauce with the lid not on all the way, then it pops off and sauce fills the taco shell..and the cook is like, "it's fine. looks good." they were inedible. and the sides were whatever. why ruin perfectly good squash and zucchini by pouring what was undoubtedly fake butter and piles of parmesan cheese?? this was edible in the way that anything is edible after 2 glasses of wine and the fact that i had no intention of finishing the tacos. *sigh* not just this restaurant, but others in SWFL seem to only know how to bread and deep fry their fish and other seafood. it's a shame. gosh, so why did i go back again? because it's close to the house i stay at and they have outdoor seating. ok so this time i got the fried shrimp and a lobster tail. they were both great!! like, really good. so, deep fried wins. i will also say the service was great; attentive servers both times even amidst large crowds. oh god! i forgot about the in house entertainment. nevermind. i'll let you find out.
Love lovee the seafood tower! Went here for brunch the other day and it was amazing! Going back this weekend (:
When it comes to brunch, it's safe to say I am obsessed with this place. I've never thought of it before because I don't like seafood and I thought there was no way  I'd find something on the menu to eat. I was dead wrong when it comes to brunch. Extensive menu with so many options. I opted for the eggs Benedict with ham. Perfect poached eggs and a hollandaise with a bit of zest. The sausage biscuits and gravy half side are a must! The beer menu is wonderful and they have a split of prosecco you can pair with OJ and make your own mimosa! The service was wonderfully pleasant and not obtrusive at all! I can't wait to go back here for brunch! Thank you Lobster Lady for the wonderful service, selection and for being my new Sunday brunch place!
Place was jamming on a Friday night after 9 PM. Food was stellar and service attentive. I had the oyster shooter and the stone crabs...mmm-mm.   Husband had the lobster/ribs special, which he enjoyed.   Who knew the desserts would be so good! Cannot understand the 3 star average review.
Had company in town and wanted to share one of our favorite places. Was horrible! Food was served 1 hour and 15 minutes after we sat down! Out of several favorites and Waiter gave us a $5 off coupon for next time! Then said we could have desert for free. When we ordered desert he says only one was free! So disappointed! Had 7 people in our group! Treated horribly especially for a couple people who go there two to three times a month!
Spent this past week in Cape Coral and of course we had to visit the Lobster Lady.  We have been there several times.  It is always crowded and fun. They have fishing videos running on the ceiling, late night live music, and a beer and wine bar.  We usually have lobster ($16.95 lb) A great price for New England style lobster.  It's always good.  We have never had a problem with service although in the winter you usually have to wait for a table for at least 1/2 hr. We have brought friends and everyone has always been satisfied. There is also a fish store in the restaurant and we have purchased fish several times and have always found it fresh and fairly priced. If you are looking for a fun evening of seafood this is a good spot. PS: smaller lobsters are always better tasting.  Have 2 or 3 smaller guys  and skip the giant guys whenever you buy lobsters.
What can I say, after waiting 90 minutes for our meal to arrive, the food was cold and not even the correct order.   Service was terrible and the manager was clueless.  This was not our first visit but after several average experiences, this latest experience will surely be our last.
I wanted to eat some good seafood and this place produced. I am from Michigan, visiting for the week, and definitely wanted some seafood, especially oysters. Oysters are reasonably priced which did not effect the quality at all. They were great! I came on a Tuesday so the snow crab was on sale for only $8.99/lb. I also had a side Caesar salad. Salad was great and I loved the crab. For the price and good quality, you cannot beat this place. They also have a very dynamic beer selection which added to to the experience. Service was good too. I recommend this place for anyone in the Cape Coral area.
I absolutely loved this place! Great atmosphere, the service was incredible. Fun place for the whole family. The 4x4 Hot Oyster Platter was probably the best thing I've ever eaten in my life. Everyone was in great spirits and super welcoming. I had the Lobster Lady ale and it was good, if you like light beer. I prefer a little darker beer.
One last chance for seafood before we left the area, so after the reviews we decided this was the place to be (also it was near the Westin, where we were staying.)  When we arrived, the hostess said it would be a 20 min. wait unless we wanted immediate seating at the bar, so we chose the latter.  Good and bad choice.  The bad:  woman next to me was left handed and kept elbowing me when she was eating (she left before we got our food,) and people walking through continuously bumped the back of my chair.  The good:  bartender Kayce was a whirlwind of energy and took good care of us despite being super busy.  We ordered one of our favorites, Shock Top Summer Shandy, and an appetizer order of conch fritters.  The fritters were as good as we had in Abaco and the Bahamas several years ago.  Shandy was refreshing and we had several during the meal.  My wife ordered the lobster roll with sauteed veggies and sauteed spinach.  The roll was good but small for $19.00 price--she had to have nachos when we got home because she was still hungry.  I saw a special with lobster:  full rack of ribs and a 6 oz. lobster tail, along with fresh corn on the cob and slaw.  Slaw was okay, corn was fresh and delicious, lobster was smaller than expected and ribs were tender and plentiful--I brought some home, even after sharing with my wife.  Not bad for $25.  Live music started about an hour before we left and was a guitarist who sang--pretty good and lots of old favorites.  Overall it was a good experience--really crowded and spilling out onto the sidewalk when we left, so it's obviously a well-publicized and popular place.  We talked to a local and she said it was one of her favorite places in the area, so I think we made a good choice.  Try it yourself and see if you liked it as much as we did.
Let me tell you about our fantastic experience at the Lobster Lady Seafood Market and Bistro. The place is fun and noisy and has a certain electricity and vibe, all great!!  The place was rocking and people were waiting outside.  We only had a party of 4 so we couldn't have reservations but they have call ahead and we were seated within 20 minutes of our arrival. Maryanne and I had the scallops........oh my....never had better, melt in your mouth scallops ANYWHERE as good as these, fantastic.  We had both order Hogfish but our great waitress Nicole came back and informed us they had sold out.  She recommended the Scallops.....GREAT!! Elaine had a 1.77 lb lobster that she said was divine and huge claws with lots of tender meat. Dave had Yellowtail snapper.......he loved his also. What can I say, 4 people all very happy with the wonderful food, great service and a fantastic server, Nicole.  It doesn't get any better than this!!!  SUPERB
Great seafood place with a few landlubber choices for those who turn green at the sight of water creatures.  We went on a Friday night around 5:15 and the wait was already an hour.  Managed to get in a bit quicker when two groups in front of us left because Lobster Lady only serves beer and wine in the liquor category.   Connecticut Blue Points were plump, juicy and no shell bits, thank you!  They were almost as good as the ones we got out of the waters back in Connecticut. I got a shrimp Po' boy.  4  small shrimp on a large grinder roll.  The shrimp were great but way to much bread for the amount of shrimp.  I cut it in half, added all shrimp to one half and discarded other half of roll.  He got a spicy calamari that he said was very good and hot just as expected.  Got a salted carmel cheesecake for desert.  A bit rich and not much flavor.   They have a large lobster tank.  We also noted a claw game where you could win your lobster but not sure what that cost.  However, when we were there a man won two lobsters for his dinner.  One lobster piggybacked his way out on the other so they gave him both lobsters.  Pretty sweet! We will return and hope to give more stars. Service was excellent!
We were here for dinner on Saturday night.  Very busy little place. I ordered the cold water lobster.  For the price, the tail was very small, but very good.  No butter was served with my dish .  Our waitress was not the best, but very personable.  I would revisit this restaurant because of the many choices of fresh seafood.  I think that the service may need a little tweaking.
After waiting 1 hour, my appetizer (ceviche, which is not even cooked took an hour!!) arrived. It was absolutely inedible, tasted like rotten old mushy seafood. Others at the table said that their meals were ok, the tuna poke and fish and chips were apparently not bad. Unfortunately, some of us ended up with food poisoning and my child was violently sick all afternoon into the evening. Maybe we ordered the wrong things, but overall it was extremely slow for food that was not good or fresh.
Doesn't look like the best place to eat inside or out. But the food is fabulous! Always taste fresh! Highly recommend the conch fritters for appetizer. Scallops have always been wonderful. Had twin lobster tails today which was great too! Only complaint ever has been the wait to be seated but it's a small place with great food so the wait is expected!
I arrived at Lobster Lady with five others. We were promptly greeted by Nicole who suggested the specials for the day & various appetizers. We decided upon the Cape Bread & Stuffed Mushrooms for appetizers. Both were delicious! My favorite was the cape bread topped with olive oil. I also had the bisque soup for a starter which had chunks of lobster... perfection! For an entree my boyfriend had the lemon butter scallops with grilled asparagus. He has been raving about them ever since we left! I had the lobster tail , which was excellent; not too tough and cooked to perfection. I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. Not only was the food fantastic, but the service by Nicole was consistent the entire evening. Thank you for lovely evening!
So I was kind of afraid of eating here today, after reading on yelp about how slow and terrible the service is (I had a flight to catch), but still decided to give it a shot. So glad I did! I told our server about our time constraints, and he was very helpful. The prices are a little steep, but if it's good seafood I won't argue. We got a dozen blue point oysters which were yummy, but they seemed to be shrunken in size. The fried calamari is meh, nothin special to write home about. I got the king crab legs, and was kinda disappointed when only three legs came out. Could they at least have made it an even number?! It was good, but I expected more for the price I was gonna pay. The biggest highlite of the lunch was definitely the mutant lobster. This huge 8+ pound lobster has definitely got to be a genetically engineered mutant, or have eaten some of Alex Rodriguez' steroids. This sucker was the biggest I've ever seen in my entire life! Even the table of seniors next to us got all quiet when the guy pulled it out of the tank!! So when they brought our dishes out, they brought out Lenny (yes, I named the lobster), with some clams, potatoes, and other crawfish. My dad couldn't decide where to begin! I've never left a crab leg or lobster on a plate, but it's damn near impossible to eat that whole thing. It was definitely worth coming here, and will be back every time I'm in town ;)
STILL FIVE STARS We came in for Sunday breakfast/brunch. The menu was extensive, making the choice difficult. I had the Lump Crabmeat Benedict with Applewood Smoked Bacon. It was delicious. My wife created her own scrambled eggs with lobster, plus the same bacon. Once again, it was just perfect. Both meals had nice chunks of crabmeat & lobster, respectively, and the bacon was ample and just right. Lovely. Only negative? The coffee was not very hot and not very strong. A delightful place and a real addition to the dining in the Cape scene.
Lobster lady used to be our favorite restaurant. Sadly the last three times we have visited the food is mediocre at best. The oysters Rockefeller were always a favorite and now they are gritty and soupy and flavorless. We have tried very hard to say positive things but have been extremely disappointed our last three visits. We will look for other options in the Cape.
I never write bad reviews... until now. Three weeks ago, my family and I encountered an incredibly rude waitress at this restaurant. That weekend, I sent an email to the owner at the address listed on their website about the incident. Since I never got a response, apparently management does not have a strong concern for customers either. I have pasted the email below. This service issue aside, the grouper I had was flavorless. A south FL seafood restaurant with a rude server who can't even get fried grouper right? Yikes. -------- To: lobsterladyseafood@hotma… Dear MaryBeth Keslinger: My family and I just left your establishment. We were very much looking forward to dinner out as my husband and I are in town once a year to visit my dad, and this is the first time we brought my daughter to visit her grandfather. We chose your establishment to dine in. When our server brought our dinner, another waitress came with her to bring my dad's entree. When he said quietly, "I did not get my salad." She rudely said back  to our waitress, "he said he doesn't want it, take it back." When he corrected her politely saying he did not say to take it back but that he wanted his salad as well, she slammed the plate down and scolded my dad in the rudest tone I have ever heard from a server, then openly rolled her eyes. The surrounding tables looked up as she stormed away, causing a scene. I am emailing because I am simply appalled. I am a general manager in a customer service industry in New York City, and would never tolerate an employee eye rolling, being overtly rude, raising her voice, or slamming a plate down. I would appreciate it if someone informed me if there were customer service issues within my staff, which is why I am informing you of this issue. I look forward to your response. Best, Lisa ----------
Showed up for lunch with my neighbor after having dinner several nights out there with a friend and enjoying the menu. We were on a lunch time clock. Place had several four tops open but we were told there would be a 15-20 minute wait until a 2-top opened. They were anticipating lunch patrons and didn't want to give up tables even tho we were there. These were not being held for a reservation!! We waited five minutes and no additional people showed up and again I asked to be seated and got the same response. I took out my receipts from the previous evening and told them if they didn't feel I was a valuable patron I'd be leaving and never returning as we were on a lunch hour. They didn't budge, assured they'd need those 4-tops. We left. No idea if anyone ever came but doubt it. Have never, and will never go back to Lobster Lady. Deplorable behavior.
I'm a seafood lover and enjoy the busy successful atmosphere of this place. I'm going with 3 stars due to the shrimp and grits. Let me just say that I expected and prefer the Charleston version of this dish. Thick, garlicky sauce instead of what I got. Because I think so much of this place, I'm choosing to think of their preparation as a local favorite, instead of a fail. Just not the way I like it.
Clams were fresh, food was good. Atmosphere was pleasant. We called ahead to place ourselves on the wait list, because there is a wait. Our server was very nice and attentive. Restaurant was clean and employees were constantly vigilant to make sure customers were happy. The wait for food is a bit long, but worth the wait. The front hostesses should be retrained. On the two occasions we've been there the young hostesses had a not-so-welcoming attitude. Because the restaurant is very busy, the hostesses seemed flustered and were very rude to us. This can be enough to make a customer walk away. This is why I rated 4 stars.
I wasn't overly impressed by this place. Many people are, but I wasn't blown away. 3 of the 4 in my party didn't really like what they had. The menu has a ton of options so maybe I  need to come back and try a piece of fish instead of a lobster?? Regardless, the restaurant is a very busy place, so that accounts for something. The service was very good even though our server  didn't know several things regarding the menu...he apoligized many times over and that's a good thing. I had the Malpeque Oysters as an app and they were fab!!
Both experiences we have had here were great! This is the only place I have had good grouper! Other places claim it is fresh and it is awful. The service is always fast, especially when we sit at the bar. Everything we have had there is wonderful!
First time at this place had a small crowd ordered the grouper dinner and the fish and chips dinner. It looked good but no season at all had to cover it with salt to bring some taste out. Beers were a bit expensive not to be in Miami. I paid 4.50 for a corona kind of steep for a beer.
This place is awesome. The last place you'd expect to find great seafood would be tucked away in a strip mall in Cape Coral, but don't let the location fool you! Not only can you dine inside, but you can also take fresh fish home from the seafood market. There aren't that many tables inside, so even though we had a reservation we had to wait almost 45 minutes. It was well worth the wait. Everything we had was super fresh and well executed. We tried the hush puppies and the garlic and jalapeño shrimp for appetizers, and had the crab stuffed flounder and blackened mahi sandwich for our entrees. We were beyond impressed with everything, and would gladly make the drive to come back again. Prices are a little on the high side, but like they say ( whoever "they" are), you get what you pay for!! Highly recommended.
The address is wrong on the map! It's WEST coral. Worth getting too, good lobster and shrimp. But a but expensive!
Have been here several times for dinner with the family and the food and service has always been top notch. I also go here and buy from the fish market as well and everything's always been delish and fresh. Whether you order seafood, pasta , steak you will not be disappointed at all. Everyone that works there is always friendly, funny, personably etc. We just love going there...I can't say enough good things about this place. My kids love it and have gotten to hold the live lobsters numerous times. Last time we were their they were loading the tanks and my kids were handing them the lobsters from the boxes for the guy to put in the tanks which they loved. The only bad thing is it is pretty small and we frequently have to wait for a table but it's well worth it.. Just brought home some frozen lobster tails for Xmas dinner and everyone ( 11 people) said it was the best & freshest they've ever had at home or in any restaurant. It gives you that small family owned feeling when you're there, which is one of the reaons we enjoy it. FYI -I would kill for the bread they bring to the table
Terrific jalapeno shrimp, great lobster roll, and service that was friendly as well as helpful. We are definitely fans and will go back. It is hard to understand why anyone would give this place less than a four star rating. The seafood is fresh. The waitstaff hustle and the food comes out looking as good as it tastes. The menu has enough variety to keep even the pickiest of eaters happy with choices from grilled portobellos to conch fritters to burgers and steaks.
Food is ok but the service is just awful including the hostess.  Lies lies lies.  Your next.  Ya Right.  After they seat three other parties before you.  Absolute worst run biz in all of cape coral.   If there were 0 stars it would be too much.  Not going back.  Too many other good places to eat.  Ugh
Nice seafood place, not too big, very clean and quality food. Christina our server was excellent, get there early or expect to wait! Lobster was very good, clams, steak was good and great specials! The only downfall is the phone doesn't stop ringing and sounds like its at your table!
Being a New Englander from the "real" Cape, was skeptical about seafood in the Florida Cape, however, this place is outstanding.  I ordered the panko fish n chips which was a plate full of crispy deliciousness.  The wait staff was amazing and the fish market is stocked from end to end, and to my delight, the scallops are from my home town of New Bedford, MA.  Highly recommended and cannot wait for my next trip to the lovely and delightful Lobster Lady.
Fresh and delicious, super friendly and spot on for great seafood! Very casual atmosphere and great music playing. I would definitely recommend to anyone in search of a genuine seafood restaurant!  Thanks also to Nicole for her professional table-side manner and attentive service! Great dining experience!
If there are crab cakes on the menu, then I pretty much have to get them...and the crab cakes here do not disappoint! The first time we went here was for lunch and I ordered a crab cake sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries. It had three decent sized crab cakes on a fresh roll. The bread was good, but the crab cakes were better, so I just ended up eating them on their own. The sweet potato fries are awesome as well, and they come with a maple aioli dipping sauce that is the perfect compliment to them! The second time I just went with the good old crab cakes..it's more than enough food and reasonably priced for both lunch and dinner! Can't wait til season is over and there's no longer an hour wait though....
I was almost scared off from this place by some of the reviews about the service but decided to give it a try.  Our experience was great and the service was outstanding.  The appetizers were brought out within 10 minutes and the waitress was all over drink refills.  My wife and I both got the grouper special and thought it wasn't the "best" we had ever had but fresh and well prepared.  Lobster is obviously the specialty and will try it next time I visit Cape Coral.
The food was delicious.  I had the grouper sandwhich and it wasn't dry. The reason why it's getting four stars is because of the waiters they were rude and not efficient. We waited for 10 minutes before We had to get someone to take care of our table and to ask for our order they didn't acknowledge us even for drinks however later one of the waiters who had other tables took it upon himself to help our table his name was Lance and I give him high recommendation.   Great job lance!
After a bad day of charter fishing we sought out a quality fish market to get out grouper fix.  What a great little market...staff was very friendly and helpful and the quality of the fish was superb.  We didn't eat here but the food looked great!!!
Great seafood, interesting room, reasonable prices.
Great seafood, interesting room, reasonable prices.
We went here on the recommendation of a local we golfed with. It's an interesting place with the specials and video running on the wall.  However, we couldn't see very well where we were sitting. We had a clam chowder which was very good and fish and chips that my husband liked very much. My coconut shrimp was served with a raspberry/mint sauce that I thought was just not right for it. I asked for a coconut or mango, sweet-type sauce, but they didn't have any. We were seated right next to the food prep area which was a little disruptive and the noise level was rather high.  Our server, Jacqueline, was very good, knowledgeable and enjoyed her job.
Lobster Roll kicks ass! That being said, the service was flat out BAD! Slow and inconsistent throughout. 3:00 in the afternoon not terribly busy. Waited forever for server, then changed servers, No check backs etc.
I have been a resident of Lee County for 41  years, and try to visit local eateries to support our own so to speak. So tonight after hearing a radio commercial for Lobster Lady,we decided to give a go. Well, I can honestly say the young hostess was very sweet , and after waiting 45 minutes to be seated after being told it was a 25 minute wait,we were told we were next. Nope! A couple pulled up and the manager promptly seated them,I inquired for the 2nd time how much longer.I was rudely told by the Male Host that they called at 7 so they were actually there before us ,mind you it was 8:30 now. So the empty jester of free drinks ,mentioned but never brought out while we waited and blaming the young hostess for not knowing what she was doing. Nice throw the new girl under the bus. Well we finally just left and to the rude male host waving bye bye out the window.  He forgets that the locals keep him going in the off season. Will not return.
Our group had Fish and Chips, couple sandwiches, shrimp, soups, an appetizer and a few other dishes. Reviews ran the table from very good to excellent. Everyone had something they really liked and everyone thought all the food was tasty. The service was exceptional with nary a drink that went empty and our server was always around but did not hover. Hosts were pleasant and accommodating. The owner was also walking the floor checking in on patrons which to me only added to the overall delightful feeling about the place. The decor and music are wonderful as well. We liked the clean lines, great use of the white space with the projector and even the market portion added to the overall visuals. Lobster Lady looks great, has terrific fresh food, exceptional service, casual atmosphere and is priced well in my opinion. There are a few other places in town that serve similar fare but so far none we have tried compete at this level.
Stopped in Saturday morning for breakfast. Not many people there, the breakfast crowd must arrive a little later. We were seated immediately and drink orders taken. Happy, attentive server. Brought the drinks and took our order. I had the Hillbilly breakfast, which included eggs, fried potatoes, bacon, a biscuit with gravy and sourdough toast. The sausage gravy was the best I have ever had. The toast was toasted on the griddle(I thought this was delicious. My friend had a sausage and mushroom omelette. Excellent. Great experience. On our way out we bought some fresh seafood for the grill. It was terrific, but a bit pricey.
Great fun, great bustling atmosphere and awesome food!  All topped off with outstanding service from Vivienne!  She gave great advice and shared her favorites.  The lobster tail was excellent, the gumbo was superb and the sea bass outstanding
okay.. maybe the lobster isn't from Maine.. and the tables are a little close and crowded but there is no denying that the seafood is very fresh!  I had bay scallops that were lightly blackened and they were excellent.  Everyone at my table liked their meal although my daughter thought her grouper did not taste like grouper and the texture was different.. still she liked the fish.   The service was excellent!  we never lacked for anything.   we had a great time at Lobster Lady . I would eat here again!
We ordered the lobster roll for 16.00 each.What a joke.Its the worst lobster roll we have ever had.Way over rated.Don't waste your time or money on this place.
All of our food was great except for the "OMG melt" we had, it tasted a little funky.  But while they do specialize in lobster and sea food, do not be afraid to try something else.  We had tacos (with fish) and they were delicious.  And surprisingly we also enjoyed a fabulous bowl of pasta with marinara sauce!  Their servers were great and attended the table on time for us.  The servers were also very friendly.  They have a great selection to pick from, when I was probably only half way through the menu when found my choice, but in my opinion is a good thing so you can have a lot of options.  They also have great sides to choose from. I got the caesar salad and the coleslaw, the salad was VERY good, I did not eat too much of the coleslaw, but for all I know it was good.  They have a great market of fish you can choose to buy, their crab legs they were selling were huge.  It is a great place to visit, definitely go there if you are vacationing or live here near cape coral.  It is a great place and we are probably going to go again before we leave Florida for our vacation.  I would definitely recommend this great restaurant for anyone who enjoys a GREAT meal!!!  Go to this restaurant!!!!!!
Finally, a place in Cape Coral that actually has great steamed Maine lobsters, along with other very ample portions of many types of seafood. We've been here many times now and have never been disappointed.  Everything is fresh, well-prepared and delicious.  The staff is very pleasant and accommodating. What it lacks in atmosphere, it makes up for in taste.  Be prepared to wait to get seated.  The lines can be very long, but you can do call ahead.
Was planning on doing dinner here but, just so happen to see the place during an afternoon trip and decided to drop in for lunch.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The food was great.  I had the fish taco platter that  made my wristwatch stop and knocked my sandals clean off.  I'm 6'3" and 212 lbs. and could only eat 2 of them ( platter had 3 ). I rested a bit and just had to try the homemade bread pudding with bourbon sauce and vanilla bean ice cream...... Totally orgasmic....... What an experience... The pudding was warm and the ice cream rock hard.  I polished it off immediately and swore that I would return for more....anyway......just go there and have your wristwatch stopped, your sandals knocked off and experience an oral orgasm.  You won't regret it and your gut will thank you.
Food was fresh and nicely prepared. I don't they will survive in the long run. Staff appears very poorly trained. They are new in town and are enjoying the lack of nearby fresh seafood but I do 't seem them improving.
How can you not like this place, great food with quality folks running the place. Love it.
My wife and I were visiting with my mom who'd been ill.  Actually, we went there for lunch and then told my mom we thought the food was very good. She was excited to give ti a try. It was the first time she was interested in going out to eat for months.  We all found the food excellent. I disagree with Patti M regarding the lobster roll. Mine was very tasty and flavorful.  I'd rate five stars if the seating were better and not as noisy.
What a joke, got there before 5pm, 1/2 empty and was told we would have to wait 20 minutes. They need to get their act together and turn some tables. Went to Bonefish grill had a great meal, no waitting and no snooty staff.
Had a craving for lobster and decided to treat my house guests.  I called several of the area's fish markets and Lobster Lady won hands down for the best price for live lobsters.  Being very impressed with the quality and price I could not wait to visit the restaurant/market and treat myself to a meal and possibly purchase some fresh fish.  Upon arrival at lunch time the place seemed to be packed.  No one was there to help in the seating.  we all stood in line for several minutes and still no one arrived to seat us.....as I was waiting I started to glance around and check out what people were already eating at the tables that were close to us and than I found a menu to look at.  I am very conscience as to what I eat.  Fast food and food that are deep fried are definitely something I do not need in my body.  Each and every table I checked out had deep fat fried fish and tons of French fried potato's.  More time passed and the line still was not moving nor was there anyone to seat us, I decided that it was time my friends and I should leave.  However; since I did feel that the lobster I purchased prior was a good experience I felt that I should give this restaurant another chance and a couple weeks later I decided that I wanted to purchase fresh fish to cook at home for dinner that night so I once again ventured into the restaurant around the same time as the prior visit,  but this time the place was empty and so was the display case choices for my fresh fish...I ended up taking a short ride to Pine Island where I knew I could get a very fresh piece of fish off the morning boats.
Fish tacos buffaloed were great. Wife had the lobster at a reasonable price with no complaints.  Staff were helpful. Had to wait a while for a table but that's not their fault.
Outstanding food, price and service!  Our new favorite restaurant in Cape Coral.  Unpretentious but inviting decor.  Clean, well-appointed Seafood Market (minus the normal Seafood Market odor) adjacent to small, but reasonably comfortable dining area.  This is a true Mom 'N' Pop local restaurant representing the best of that genre - interesting menu backed up by fresh ingredients, attentive and friendly wait service, and ownership which apparently wants its customers to have an exceptional dining experience.  The Lobster Roll is definitely the best we've had in Southwest Florida, and while we didn't have the house specialty - live lobster of varying sizes that you pick yourself from a tank and have steamed - we saw many people around us who did and they seemed to be enjoying themselves.  All this and a check that doesn't put a huge dent in your credit card account.  Only one caveat - it's already been discovered by many and there was an hour wait (in the middle of July in SW Florida!).  But it's worth the wait.
