When it comes to pizza I could be considered highly demanding or even a bit of a snob. There's nothing I enjoy more for a meal then a well-made pizza. Typically when here in Fort Myers we get pizza from the place on the pier. Yesterday while driving around looking for a late night meal we came across Grimaldi's on Yelp. After reading the great reviews, we figured we'd give it a try. The restaurant is located in a busy shopping center that houses a large movie theater. Parking was a bit of a challenge on a busy Friday night. Nevertheless there was a spot to be had not too far from the entrance of the restaurant. The restaurant itself is spacious, well laid out with the kitchen in the center open for all to see, a nice bar along the side with a pass-through window leading to one of the two outside seating areas. The menu is simple and straightforward. They sell salads, pizzas, calzones and desserts - nothing else. Not even garlic bread. The selection of beers is limited but substantial enough that anyone should be able to find something to enjoy. We ordered the caprese salad which is loaded with buffalo mozzarella that I understand is made in-house. It was excellent. The pizza is coal-fired and prepared in an open area for all to see. I'm not sure of a word to describe the pizza other than amazing. Thin, crispy, with a great sauce and great cheese. The meal was so great that we came back today and ordered the exact same thing to go after having had it for lunch today as leftovers. If you're in the area you got to try the pizza here.
My boyfriend and I went down to Fort Myers, FL to visit his sister's new baby boy. The baby is cute as a button at just three weeks old, but also completely immobile and unable to be away from home for more than a few hours at a time. So while we were visiting, quick and easy, preferably takeout friendly places were our go-to. Luckily for us, on Saturday evening when everyone was finally starting to get hungry around 9 PM for dinner after a very late lunch that afternoon. Being new to the area, we pulled up the trusted Yelp app and Grimaldi's popped up with good ratings and an easy take out service. 25 minutes later we were being handed a large pizza box containing a red sauce pizza with green peppers, olives, Italian sausage and ham, plus packets of roasted red pepper flakes and parmesan cheese. Nice! By the time we arrived home, the pizza was still hot and the slices were nice and large - we didn't really need to, but the four of us ended up polishing off the whole thing - it was that tasty. I don't know about you, but for take-out or eat in - the restaurant also looked very nice with a big patio and open air bar - if I was back in Ft. Myers, I'd go to Grimaldi's again.
Great place great food and great prices. I've heard a lot about this place and being a New Englander they hit the spot. I'm still not sure if this is a one off or franchise, either way they know pie. Thin crust, great flavor with a hint of charcoal on the bottom. Just an all around great pizza. Very cool place, a must stop when in town.
Our server was great, I believe his name was Matt. We went on a Sunday night and even though the restaurant was pretty full we had no wai (party of 2). I am not a huge pizza fan; however this pizza was amazing. Best pizza I have ever had. The meatball topping was delicious. Great ambiance inside of the restaurant. They make the pizzas in an open kitchen, so you see them rolling, stretching the dough and preparing the toppings. They have a coal oven. We had great dinner at that location. Highly recommend it.
Service could have been a little better and the appetizer could have been better, but all that is forgotten when you try the pizza.  I usually prefer wood fired, but the crust on these coal fired pizzas is perfection.
This was my 1st time at Grimaldi's. Probably the best pizza I have ever had. We had a large 1/2 cheese 1/2 sausage, a personal pepperoni, the large antipasto salad, and a tiramisu. I even got up around 3 a.m. to have another piece (I think I was dreaming about it). If you sign up for there emails they send you a coupon for a free large 1 topping, $18.00 value. Which is one of the best b-day perks I've come across! Great place!!
What an unbelievable pizza!  Close to Fort Myers airport so after flying in for the start of our vacation, we found this place on Yelp. What a great place to start vacation. Coal fired pizza.  Yummy!  Although a chain, it is one of the best pizza ones around due to their focus on doing it right!  Thanks again!
Best pizza in Florida !!  This Brooklyn boy was shocked.  I didn't believe this was affiliated with Grimaldis under the Brooklyn Bridge so I called the original in Brooklyn and they said that this Ft. Meyers Grimaldis was. That made me happy but not as happy as the taste of the pizza. Flavorful sauce and overall best trading pizza I've ever had in Florida. Going to have to move here now!
Fantastic! If you like brick oven pizza you will love this place. Their pizzas have perfect crust, amazing cheese and sauces, and the highest quality toppings. Drink prices are reasonable, service is quick, and while it tends to be crowded you rarely have to wait overly long for a spot (and the wait is worth it!).
Got pizza here tonight and it was DELICIOUS! Whenever my fiancée is out of town I find that my pizza intake increases drastically, this weekend was no exception. Having run out of things to eat in the house I called in an order for a large pepperoni pizza - and promptly ate almost the entire thing. Their pizza has thinner crust with a New York style feel to it and was very tasty. It was a bit more expensive than your normal pizza with a large pepperoni pizza take-out order costing me about $20...but if you are looking for a good slice of pizza it is worth it! I will be going back!
Had a taste for NY-style pizza and was not disappointed!  Salad was good, too.  Loved the atmosphere and the wait staff did a great job - friendly & patient.  Very family friendly!  This was our first experience and very positive.  Time to open one in Cleveland, OH.
Late last night my wife and I were craving a pizza. Oddly enough it appears that most pizza places here in southern Florida close at 10pm??? We are from the Midwest where pizza shops are open usually to about midnight. Maybe it's just a regional thing? Who knows... So we called Grimaldi's on a whim from the car for a large pepperoni pizza to take out. Needless to say it was fantastic. It's traditional New York thin crust style pizza. Oh my. Amazing. Loved it. I had five pieces. Yes five pieces of the large pizza last night - hurting this morning... But it was worth it. Sprinkle on a little Parmesan cheese - and you're in heaven. Would definitely order from again and the restaurant was in the Bell Tower Shopping mall/plaza and was super cool looking all done up New York style inside with a nice sitting area outside too. Will definitely eat again!
Was really excited to try this place based on the reviews. Went this evening, was busy enough when we got there to have to wait for a table outside. hostess was very sweet and helpful, did what she could to get us seated as soon as possible. Ordered a beer and glass of wine at the bar while we waited after witnessing a guest who had been waiting an hour for a Togo pizza. He rudely cussed out the bartender, who I assume he ordered from and left. Once we were seated we were informed the bartender was going to be our sever, really were pulling for her and going to tip her well for the ordeal we just saw her go through. Well, service unfortunately didn't witness any tip at all. Waited 35 minutes for a caprese salad in which I had to go up to the bar to ask her to check on, and order another beer. Waited over an hour and ten for a pizza in which the bartender came over ONCE to check on us and let us know the pizza was lagging.. That was about at the 50 minute mark. Food was fantastic, hostess was great. Wouldn't return based solely on the service. Really a let down
Wonderful Pizza. Wonderful Manager. Wonderful Sever. Small in height hostess could learn diplomacy.
My wife and I shared a small salad and a 12-in tomato & cheese pizza. The salad had greens, onions, mushrooms, olives, tomatoes and cucumbers. It was not overdressed. The portion was enough for both of us. The pizza had a very thin and crisp crust. The tomato sauce was very simple and not too acidic. It was delicious. There was just the right amount of cheese. This is one of my favorite pizzerias.
It was a busy weekend, but we were seated pretty quickly. They were out of one of their wine specials, which we had to ask about, but the waitress got the ok to make some price adjustments to some other selections. The antipasta plate was really good. The Grimaldi way is for you to order a blank cheese pizza and you pay by the topping. The toppings range in cost from $2-$4 each, and cost the same no matter what size pizza you get, which seems odd to me. I mean, doesn't a small personal pizza require less pepperoni than a large? Many toppings add $4 to the price! I got a personal white pizza, which is touted to be made with "fresh garlic". All I tasted was garlic powder. I use both in my cooking, and there's a huge difference you can easily taste. Even the "personal" pizza provided leftovers for the next day. Would I go back? Well, skimping on ingredients isn't exactly something I'm keen on. I'd rather explore someplace new and genuine.
The pizza is amazing great every time the pizza sauce is great cheese is great salads are good the staff nice and the price isn't to bad
Overall very good!   The antipasto was phenomenal and they have an excellent wine selection. Our first pizza arrived "well done" but the waitress had the good sense to have them start another one before bringing it to the table. The second pizza was much better. The flavoring was there,  but it just had something missing. We'll be back,  because it's undoubtedly the best in town. ... but it's no match for TRUE New York pizza.
Found this place by accident while driving back to hotel. Enjoyed the atmosphere. Very clean and nice presentation. Hostess and waitress were awesome. Hardly a wait. Was fun watching the pizza chef hand toss the crust. I have never seen crust tossed so high and so fast in my life.. Ordered the garlic with chicken, onions and mushrooms. Pizza was some of the best I've had. Was not much to take back to hotel. Reece's cheese cake was very good. Speaking to the waitress, we commented that we wished there was one close to home. Long story short, they just opened one in El Segundo. Can't wait to try that one.
Can't complain about the taste. The ingredients are the freshest. The pizza is crispy and delicious every time. Service has always been good. There is beer and wine available with your meal. I've always gotten good service and the food comes out in a hurry. But if you order ingredients on half the pie you are charged for the whole price which is my only  complaint.
Very good coal fire pizza place.  The ambiance is great for a group dinner or even a date night.  The pizza is top notch and you tell they use high quality ingredients.  Though I've only been once, I would definitely go again and recommend it to anyone visiting the area!  The waiting staff was also very courteous and friendly.
Grimaldi's is the best pizza outside New York City. Best Pizza I have tasted in Florida.
Grimaldis. Was out of my normal pizza for sure. WNY Buffalo pizza! A thicker style of pie. This was my first thin style pizza place. What I like was the taste, very good. The sauce didn't help it. I wasn't a fan of the sauce. Tasted somewhat mellow and bland to me. Or is it possible this is the norm for this? The toppings where ok but nothing to rave about. Inside the place looks and smells amazing. It makes you want Italian food. Nice pleasant staff. In all a good place to go too, I'll give them another try and eat something else on the menu.
What's not to love. The pizza is always crisp. The salads are large enough to share. They have great beer on tap. If you sign up for there emails, they send great promotions to you! This is definitely the pizza we compare all pizza too. And hands down grimaldis always wins.
What's not to love about being able to sit down among awesome wall art and see recycled bottles as light fixtures? Oh yeah - the pizza. Ordered a thin crust onion pie (large because we had a birthday coupon). Note: with the coupon, it's for any $2 topping. If you want a $4 topping, they ask you pay the difference. No big deal; we are happy to comply! With a (small???) side salad that was shared, we walked out feeling full and had left overs to boot! Regardless of coupon, will I be back to try the other toppings they offer? Yes. Would I try the thick crust? Maybe. Either way, they will keep my business :-)
You can never go wrong with Grimaldi's. Pizza, beer, and ... Pizza, what's not to love. Darn close to some of the best New York style pizza, have yet to make it to the originally under the Brooklyn bridge...someday! Service is always fantastic and quick, food is divine, ambiance is always nice and dimly lit with old wine bottles as overhead lights. My one tip, try the "Educated Guess" under red wine. Some of the best red I've had in a while!
My girlfriend and I were shopping at the bell tower and we stumbled upon this incredible place. We were seated immediately and sat in the main dining area with an array of hanging wine bottles as light fixtures over a classic NY style checkered table cloth. They play classic Frank Sinatra swing music. The pizza was cooked to perfectly and all the ingredients were all fresh. A great date night or at any time of the day, we will for sure be back!
Best coal fired pizza we've had. Not as good as ciao (which is nearby) or Tony's in sf, but those are wood fired. The sauce here is perfect, and the sweetness compliments the smokiness just right. We had a plain cheese/margarita style, and this was a great version of it.  The other pizza was with garlic and ricotta, and this too was a great example of how to make a pizza. Pizzas are huge here, and the salads looked to be the same too. We didn't have room for dessert, but the cheesecakes they brought out looked awesome.  Would definitely go back if we lived around here.
Great pizzas.   Crust was thin and crispy.   Fresh ingredients... Would love to come back soon...
Had lunch there last Monday.  We sat outside and had good service.  We were very hungry so we ordered antipasto ($9), two glasses of Montepulciano ($4 each), and a large (18 inch) pizza with italian sausage, green peppers and ripe olives ($18 for the basic pizza plus $2 each for the toppings).  The 18 inch is only $2 more than the 16 inch.  We ended up taking half of the pizza home with us.  Everything was great but $24 for a large, 3 topping pizza is a little overboard.
Growing up in Jersey, and working in Manhattan for a few years, I've heard a lot about what pizza is supposed to be. I've also heard a lot about how to eat it (put your fork down, Shytown,) but that's another story. Grimaldi's, from as far as I remember, is not the pizza I grew up eating (or the ones I saw rats eating the leftovers of in Midtown.) Its a bit smaller, and uses fresher, less greasy toppings. In particular, the fresh mozzarella (please pronounce the "a" at the end, I took the effort to write it) and milder marinara. But that's okay-- and that may be how they did it back up north too-- but as someone originally from the area, I couldn't help but feel like I was being presented a whole different beast. (As I mentioned, I'm from Jersey so its very likely the good NY pizza places pretended to be closed whenever one of us walked by.) This isn't those giant greasy saucers that you get $1 a slice for in NYC, this is quality restaurant-style pizza, (try Downtown Pizza in the River District/Downtown Ft. Myers for the former.) Okay, enough rambling, this place is pretty great, and a good alternative to the also excellent (but very different) Pizza Fusion. Both the white and red pies are great, and toppings tend to be fresh and generous. The antipasto, while delicious, may also be different than you'd expect (spoiler: it's not a salad with Italian dressing, olives, ham, and cheese cubes.) Sizes aren't huge, and the prices (unfortunately) can get a little steep (primary reason for 4 stars over 5... in my opinion, Pizza places should be the cheaper choice.) However, its close proximity to both the movie theater and World of Beer make it part of a deadly three-punch-combo for a date, too.
The pizza came out and I thought it looked disgusting.  I was thinking "There is no way I am going to like this pizza."  But I took that bite and it was extraordinary.  Never judge a book by it's cover and never judge a pizza by it's look.  It was quite delicious, and I devoured it swiftly.  With friendly service to boot, this is now my go-to place in Bell Tower.
Good sauce and super thin and crunchy crust. Will have to remember to order extra sauce next time.
It was ok... Not my style of Pizza. Very thin and you build your own. Comes in three different sizes - 14,16,18 inch pizza's and you decide what you want in top of them for an additional charge. We chose a pepperoni, mushroom and sweet peppers/mushrooms and the third was jalapeño, chicken sausage and Roma tomatoes. All were ok. The service was pleasant. Salads were ok. It was just ok!
I've been a fan and a customer for over 30 years mostly at their Brooklyn location. So I was elated to when I moved here  that I would not have do without one of my favorites from back home. I am happy Floridians would get to taste and experience what real coal fired pizza is all about. I have not been to the Tampa area location yet so I was happy to find this one while my stay in the area. I would've normally have given it 5 stars without a doubt and the execution of the whole Grimaldi experience from the original is very high,but still 100% of the original. I applaud the owners by not making it into a franchise and lowering the high standards and regard that they have always stood for. I ordered the same 2 items I would normally order if I was back home, Large Reg Pizza of course no toppings and 1 Large Calzone. Pizza was by the best in the Tampa area for a coal fired pizza. Sauce is extremely well balanced , cheese very creamy and velvety and crust was very good, altho not what I am accustomed to but pretty close. Probably on account of the water which is the main culprit down here that prevents most places of recreating the original flavor of the homeland. Overall I give it for a 4.5 stars, It was excellent and probably the best or in the Top 5 in the southeast.
Outstanding! Ordered a pizza to go at the bar just before closing the other night and had a beer while i waited. The bartender was friendly and attentive.  I ordered a pepperoni, mushroom, and onion personal pizza and a Blue Moon draught. The pizza tasted incredible! I'll be back next time I'm in Ft. Myers!
Great dough + great sauce + fresh mozzarella = a really good pizza. Besides that, there is very little to say that hasn't been said.  For what you get, the prices aren't out of this world, and the portions were huge. We brought home a large house salad and an 18" pie with very good and very abundant sauce, ricotta cheese, mozzarella (fresh, not shredded) cheese, chicken, and mushrooms. Even after the 15-minute drive home the pizza was hot, crazy crispy, and still foldable. Sure, it's a chain, but one I'll be more than happy to return to - it seems that this very same pizza place exists (among other places) in Hoboken, NJ, a place of which I happen to spend a great deal of time.  I'll be more than happy to grab a pie there as well - and that says a lot, given the number of pizza options available in such a relatively small town. For Florida - this place is tops.   Also, just a heads up - the men's room has no urinals.  I know, a weird thing to mention after several paragraphs about pizza, but I walked in and freaked out that I was in the women's room by mistake (a mistake I HAVE made before) - so I walked back out as casually as possible to double check I was indeed in the correct room.  I was.  Odd.
I love coming here and sittin down for a nice bottle of wine and some awesome pizza. I've tried all the pizza styles; pesto, white, regular and they are all incredible. I've always had a great experience dining out here and thats thanks to the food, service and atmosphere combined. Nice seating on the patio as well as the modern pizzeria feel on the inside with all of the old NY photos. Best tiramisu i have ever had! I ordered another piece to go :)
Okay, my expectations were all over the place for this restaurant.  At first, we saw all of the great reviews and just couldn't imagine a pizza that was as good as all of the reviews said.  Then, we arrived and found out that this restaurant was located in a mall.  Were were thinking that it might be a good chain-like restaurant.  The smell and feel of the restaurant did not come across as a very tasty restaurant but smelled like a fast food pizza place, but sit down in a nicer environment where you can get wine with your meal. I got to say that the pizza and salad and wine were much better than the last impression that we had where the food might not be so good.  We walked away thinking that the pizza and the salad were pretty good.  However, this was not the best pizza that we have had and neiher was the salad.   But once again, it was nice and we enjoyed the restaurant and Fort Meyers.  And by the way, this place is very busy.  We had a reservation and still had to wait another 1/2 hour beyond the original 1/2 hour when we called ahead, so be prepared for a possible wait.
18 positive (and growing) reviews can't be wrong.  Grimaldi's is the best pizza in Fort Myers.  This place doesn't just have "coal brick oven" in their name to drum up fake authenticity.  These pizzas come out hot and crisp from a coal brick oven.  I'm usually not big on thinner crust but these are a knock out.  Every time I've come to Grimaldi's I've left full and very happy. As the staff will tell you the toppings are high quality and you'll be a believer after one bite.  Be mindful of how many toppings you add to the pizza as it may weigh the slice down when you pick it up.  Also, be mindful of how many toppings you add because this place is not cheap.  Grimaldi's isn't just the best pizza in Fort Myers but they are probably the most expensive.  Is it worth the price?  Without a doubt. Beer selection is fair but if beer is your thing you can take your pizza to World of Beers just a few doors down - no problem.  Service has always been attentive and helpful.  If the food were cheaper I'd eat here more often.  Very often.
We came back here again, after the movies this time. I must say, the pizzas and service are excellent. This is probably the best pizza joint in the county. well worth a stop if you feel like a pizza. If you don't, well there are plenty of other good restaurants in Bell Tower shops. So there you are...
Typically, I've always been a fan of deep dish and shunned thin crust/New York style pizzas. Turns out I just never had an authentic slice. This is pizza. Also, the staff is always friendly. Sometimes it is difficult to try to squeeze in a visit over the lunch hour though.
Genuine New York pizza in Fort Myers?  Indeed. I've been to the Brooklyn Bridge location several times, and it remains my favorite New York City pizza parlor.  To find a location in Fort Myers was beyond a pleasant surprise.  Thank you, Yelp, for directing me to the Bell Tower shops for a taste of the east coast in southern Florida. The pizza is coal-oven baked, using only fresh ingredients.  We're talking homemade sauce, pepperoni, crust, even the mozzarella is made in-house.  The crust is a bit soggy, but use a knife and fork and you won't mind for a minute.   The house wines are $4 a glass and the small salad is large enough to share with a group of 4.  Our bill for 4 drinks, a small salad, and a large pizza with two toppings was $45 before tip.  A bit steep for a pizza place, but I promise, it's worth it.  Service was also excellent.
Excellent pizza.  Simple menu.  Good service.  All around a winner!  Maybe a little overpriced, but not horrible.
I've been to Grimaldi's three times, now. Every time I have gone was in the evening and I have not yet been disappointed. One of the times, we made reservations for 14 of us, including 4 children. It was fantastic! Not only did they give them crayons and pictures to colour, they gave them pizza dough to play with! We had an attentive waiter and did not wait long at all! They did a fantastic job and the pizza was excellent, of course. My husband I go there whenever we feel like pizza; good pizza. We have also been to the Brooklyn location. This pizza is just as good; perhaps a very different atmosphere, but this is Fort Myers, what can you expect? If you want good pizza, go to Grimaldi's!
Why would you go here? Seriously? OVERRATED  - I heard from a friend this place was really great. I really was looking forward to finding an awesome pizza place. Grimaldi's is far from that. The pizza itself was absolutely nothing special. I've literally had better frozen pizza. EXPENSIVE  - I assumed based on the price the pizza would be either larger than normal or just so decadent with the homemade sauce and fresh hand pulled mozzarella. I was wrong, it was neither. We asked the waitress if we should split one pizza and she said it would be plenty of food. It was definitely not. We each got 2 slices (group of 4). It felt more like an appetizer to me than my dinner. THIN CRUST  - Apparently, the pizza is thin crust and I should have known that somehow. I suppose its my fault really. I really should have just ASSUMED that all pizza is thin crust unless otherwise noted. Oh wait, its the other way around. I do enjoy thin crust pizza. I was just expecting more. The menu doesn't say anything about the pizza being thin crust. :( SERVICE  - Horrible. We sat outside. We were totally forgotten by the waitress. She didn't get us one refill. I couldn't wait to leave and never come back
Fantastic pizza. Great atmosphere, good wine list.  A little on the pricy side especially with add ons.
During my recent trip to the Fort Myers area, this restaurant became a favorite. We ate outside at the bar area on each occasion.  We shared a large house salad(huge) and a personal size pizza with mushrooms.   The house wine was really good and only $4 glass,$9 ,1/2 carafe or $14 liter.   We tried the pesto pizza and it was also very good.    It is nice to know that when I eventually move to the area full time, that I'll have a great pizza place.
Wow. Five stars for a pizza joint in Florida? You bet. And this is coming from someone used to eating delicious Chicago pizza. If you haven't already seen the menu, this place focuses on brick-oven pizzas with a few salad and dessert options. The restaurant had a decent beer and wine list, though we did not partake in any of their alcohol options. We ordered a caesar salad (decent), a personal pizza with pepperoni and sun-dried tomatoes (very very awesome), and a personal pizza with artichoke hearts, jalepenos, and fresh garlic (pretty good, despite my weird tastes!). Pros: Pizza crust was really awesome. Their dough mix came out nice and flakey with a good amount of crunch. It appeared hand tossed, and was done with perfection. The crust came out thin enough to not overwhelm the pizza taste with a doughy flavor. And it was thick enough to be enjoyable when you got to the crust part of the slice and had nothing left but the crust. Fresh, high-end ingredients. I feel like this restaurant sources its ingredients from Whole Foods! The mozzarella cheese used was very fresh. The pepperonis were *awesome*---they were mini, quarter-sized pepperonis that were very tasty and not overly spicy. The sun-dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts were great -- they weren't covered in oil or some marinade that might overpower the pizza. It was clear with every bite that I was tasting the raw ingredients, not some preservative-laden marinade. Portion sizes were generous. Two people could probably split a personal pizza and be satisfied (unless they are *really* hungry). Outdoor patio seating. We were able to enjoy our last Florida moments outdoors in the shade. The service was decent. Not a lot to say about it, but that's not a bad thing. The wine bottle lamps inside were unique. I liked them. Though, as I said, we sat outside. So it's a little hard for me to judge decor. Cons: Reaching here for cons... I guess the Caesar could have been a little better? More anchovy flavor, maybe. Though, anchovies gross some people out because they don't know that Caesar salad has anchovies in it.. so it's hard to draw the line. Portion size was very generous... two people could have easily split the "small" Caesar portion as an appetizer. Some ingredients seemed a little pricey at first. For example, the sun-dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts were $4 (regardless of the size of the pizza). But once we bit into our pizzas and tasted how fresh they were, we were a little less bothered. This is extremely minor---more of a funny anecdote--- but I was really confused when I walked into the men's restroom. There were no urinals and only stalls. I had to backpedal, open the door, and confirm that I was in fact in the men's room. Definitely a little odd.
When will Grimaldi's open a second location in Naples?   Yes I have driven the 20 miles to Bell Tower because the pizza was THAT GOOD!  If you like thin crisp coal brick oven NY pizza then this is the authentic champ.  Make sure you ask for Nicole or Phil the managers and tell them the Burgermaven sent you.  Maybe they'll give you a sample of one of their meat toppings.  Plus the salads are fantastic and big enough to share with at least 3 people.  One large pizza and a large salad - dinner for 3. I had the individual calzone and there was enough to share with my friend.  I can't imagine the small or large one.   Remember this is just pizza, calzones and salads.  But any choice is correct.  Mix and match. I truly believe this is the 'real deal'.  Again my only problem is the location since I spend my winters in Naples.  Then again, if it were closer I'd gain 10 more pounds. Skip The Burgermaven
THE ONLY PIZZA PLACE IN FORT MYERS THAT SERVES GOOD PIZZA. I love NY pizza to death and eating pizza in Fort Myers was hell until this place opened. I didn't think Fort Myers knew anything at all about good pizza. Thank god for Grimaldi's! Now I want to visit the real deal next time I'm in BK! ;)
I have to admit it, I'm addicted to this place - more specifically the pepperoni and jalapeno pizza that lights my tastebuds on fire about once every two weeks. Southwest Florida has been a vast wasteland of pizza for the decade I've lived here and I have to admit I was a bit skeptical when I heard that a "true New York style pizza joint" was coming to town. Well, I'm glad they brought there brick oven and thin crispy crust down here. Add in an very good for the price Chianti (available old school carafe style) and a decent variety of starter salads, and you've got a new favorite.
Can't find better pizza in FL! If it were closer to my house, I'd never eat another's pizza again! Try the red sauce pizza with pepperoni and meatballs, or a plain white!!
wah.  I'm bummed-I was really hoping I was going to find my new favorite pizza place today after reading the reviews and was really disappointed.  Went for lunch today and since it was our first visit and hubs is picky-we just ordered a large cheese (red sauce).  Just a disclaimer-I am from New England and a true New York pizza lover and he favors Chicago style.  He has a favorite Chicago pizzeria but a favorite NY place is still alluding me after 17 years.   The restaurant is nice and the server was fairly friendly.  The pizza was ready pretty quickly but came to the table pretty charred.  YES I know it's wood fired oven-and am familiar with the style but it shouldn't be BURNT.  (check out the pic I uploaded in the photos section).  In my opinion-the best style pizza is just crisp enough so that you can bend it without the point sogging down and dripping grease everywhere.    This wasn't greasy-a pro-but it wasn't bendy.  At all.  When I tried black flecks of overcooked crust flaked onto my plate.  If the server noticed our pizza was burnt-she didn't say.  Normally I would speak up but we were in a bit of a hurry and also since I had found a $5.00 off coupon online I figured that made up for a bit.  The sauce seemed nice and the cheese was good mozzarella-maybe even fresh-it was hard to tell because the pizza was so overdone there was no pull anymore to the cheese it was just baked into the pizza like a Cheese It.  The manager came over to ask how everything was and I thought I would speak up then, but as I looked forlornly at my burnt pizza and went, "eh..." he said, "great!" and walked away quickly.  Hubs went several times with an empty iced tea glass.  When the server dropped off the check she asked what we thought of pizza being first time guests and I told her it was hard to tell-might have been better had it been done less and she just kinda shrugged and said "try us again!".   I might try again as the ingredients seem good but I doubt its the going to be the best pizza around even done right.  I am just a little unimpressed that a cook, server, AND manager let the pizza go out black and could have cared less but shame on me also for not pointing it out promptly.
Most delicious pizza I've had in a long times. Sooooo good!!! Crispy and crunchy crust...  Lots of cheese...  Great sauce...  mmmmmm Getting hungry just thinking about it...  :)
Fabulous place!! Best pizza I've had in a long time. Beautiful atmosphere, super friendly staff and delicious food. The cheesecake is to die for! We will definitely be back on our next visit.
I'm from Chicago and this pizza is VERY good!!! So far the best I have had in Florida!!!!! I would say top ten I have had anywhere!!!! Grimaldi's is very clean with very nice employees. The menu is small but has just the right items!!!!
Great place for pizza.  I just wish they had more topping options.  There's only a couple veggies you can put on your pizza, and they're $2-4 each.  The menu is small and simple, but that does allow them to focus on making quality pizza.  The beer/wine list is fairly decent, with good prices.  They have a patio, dining room and bar.   Menu suggestions: Classic pizza with mushrooms and ricotta, white pizza with mushrooms and extra basil
The pizza is USUALLY excellent. I cannot understand how they can take an order, read It back to me, take my number, tell me ready in30 minutes and when I get there (AFTER 15 minutes driving!!!!) tell me they screwed up and there is no order!!!!! If you call, don't order with Chelsea,,,,
Looking for a "Chicago deep-dish" in FMY.  No luck, but ended up at Grimaldi's.  Great pie, good beer, good service.  Busy night, but things went smoothly.  Good job!
Decent pizza but not up to the other rave reviews  in my opinion.   We got there and had to wait for 30 minutes which wasn't that bad considering it was the day before Thanksgiving and we had a group.  If you don't like thin crust pizza then this is not the place for you.  The group ordered three pizzas and a Calzone. The calzone was supposed to be ham and garlic but you couldn't taste the garlic, i am not sure they added any.  The ham pizza was more sauce then anything.....REALLY skimpy on the ham.  The pepperoni pizza had the small pepperoni, which was great, but the pie overall was unimpressive. The garlic and meatball was good.  We took some leftovers home and they were NOT good reheated the next day.....another disappointment. I had started this review at five stars but had to subtract one star each for the two pizzas and calzone.  I added back one star for the red sauce.  I probably should have deducted a star for the high noise level but i don't think a two star review is reflective of the restaurant  The place has high ceilings that are metal tiles so the sound bounces around and makes it very noisy. I am definitely in the minority with my review.  The place was slammed and did a HUGE carry out business.
Good pizza....but way over-hyped. From all the hype I expected to be hand fed pizza from some scantly clad porn star!! But the reality is this place is a corporate chain and it does ok at making pizza.  Very much a place to go try but not a "bucket-list" pizza joint.
By far the best pizza in Fort Myers. The pizza comes out so incredibly crispy and light, and the topping are so fresh! I look forward to coming here when I come home from Chicago! Highly recommend this place!
They make a very nice pie here.  The dough and crust are awesome.  I may have to visit here in Cali.
The best pizza I have had since moving to Florida. Good crust and fresh ingredients. The salads are huge if you are into that sort of thing.
Hands down best pizza in Fort Myers. Used to be Tony Saccos, but Grimaldis is closer. Love that they use fresh ingredients. Love the crispiness of the pizza. That beautiful charred, but not burnt bottom is heaven in my mouth. The fresh mozzarella, always the perfect amount of sauce. My one complaint is they put too many pepperonis on sometimes when we order it. Only sometimes. - They're probably trying to give you value since their toppings are pricey. And my husband loves  pepperoni so it's really not a big deal. The pizza still (even when overloaded with pepperonis) is never greasy. I wish they served liquor, but it's not a big deal for the amazingness of the pizza. I don't know if they have it on a regular schedule, but we caught them once when they had just stoked the oven and the cook on the pizza was out-of-this-world perfect. I love this place. I want it now. Order some cheesecake, they make it there.
Love this place. Without a doubt- the best pizza place in Fort Myers. Salads are large enough to share. Personal size pizza is more than enough for 2 (not 4 as another contributor complained about).  I special order the calzone sauce to be used as my pizza sauce (it's sweeter and compliments my added topping of anchovies).  It's not a gourmet pizza shop so don't expect arugula or pineapple...etc. to be part of your topping choices. The ovens get worked on from 3-4 everyday so don't make that time part of your hunger cravings or you will wait a while for your pizza. Never had bad service (though the bar service is always a bit slow) and enjoyed a dough tosser who was fun to watch as he put on a show in the restaurant.
They serve thin, thin crust pizza.  First slice tasted great!  Second slice was rather soggy.  I had better pizza than this in New York!
We got a pesto pizza and brought it over to World of Beer...can't beat great pizza and great beer! It was two of us, and we weren't super hungy, so we went with the personal sized pesto pizza. If you're starving, I'd go with the small, but otherwise the personal size was perfect. The pesto was great, not overly garlicy, but still a great flavor, and the crust was perfect! I haven't eaten there, but definitely recommend as far as carry out goes!
Tasty.
I have eatin at many many pizzeria in this town and i must say. It feels like I'm home back in Brooklyn. the pizza's are great and the Calzone well mmmmmmmmm is all i can say. Its a fairly new place in Bell Tower Shops. I am happy i came upon it. It has a limited menu. Just pizza calzones and salads, Deserts. But that is all it needs. Full Bar also. I must say I left Full and happy. I ordered a large Pepperoni Pizza. the Muts was fresh the pepperoni sliced fresh the tomatoes tasted like they just crushed them. the Calzone i orded a personal 1 and it could have easy fed 2 people it was HUGE. HAPPY EATING!! ENJOY
What a brick oven pizza, I am there.  I ordered the white pizza with vegetables and a beer. After a short wait the large pizza arrived and took up my entire dining area.  I ate and drank until my tank was full.  I am a sucker for brick oven pizza and will return if I am back in Ft Myers again.  I will get a regular pizza to get the full experience.  Good pizza and service.
After trying numerous pizza places while in Fort Myers I can know say the adventure is over. Grimaldi's has the best pizza in the area. From the time you enter the restaurant till you leave stuffed with delicious pizza you will have a great time. The staff is attentive and very friendly. Service was quick. You can also enjoy watching them make the pizzas. Throwing it up in the air and splattering the tomato sauce on before it goes into those huge ovens. It comes out just right! We ordered some of the house wine for $4 a glass and it was adequate. The salads were huge and most of it was taken home for the next day. Sometimes pizza restaurants don't concentrate on making a good fresh salad but this is not true at this establishment. It was filled with the freshest of ingredients. But the best part of the evening was when the pizza arrived. We had ordered a mushroom pizza and from the first bite I was in love. I ate more pieces than I should but it was worth all the calories. It ranks right up there in my top  pizza places.  The pizza is a little more expensive than regular pizza joints but as your mom always told you ....you get what you pay for. Once again mom is right! So search no more just head to Grimaldi's and you will not be disappointed!
Since moving here last March, I have really, really, really, really looked for decent pizza.  I like my pizza thin crusted and NOT soggy.  Well, came here a week ago and really enjoyed the sausage and mushroom.  Great crust that you can fold in half and not have the soggy tip of the slice droop.  Came back again and yep, this is my pizza place of choice.  Also, had the Caesar salad half size which was more than enough for two.  On both occasions, very attentive wait staff.
Very good pizza. Pepperoni is far better than the sausage. Sausage is bland, but the pepperoni has some nice zing to it.  Only drawback is I wish they served the pizza on pizza screens instead of trays. The crust tends to get soggy as it sits.
Best pizza in Florida!  Original is in Brooklyn, NY and these folks nailed it--incredible flavors, fresh ingredients, thin crust, excellent toppings!  Best pepperoni--thick cut and tasty.  Pepperoni pizza with fresh basil (put on after it cooks) is the best pizza I've ever had....and I am super picky having lived in NJ and NY all my life!
Good doesn't even begin to describe this place. The pizzas alone are reason enough to eat here every week... but the salads and the 1/2 price wines on Tuesday make it a true weekly obsession for me. What could be better than a bottle of Coppola Director's Cut, an amazing pizza and good friends?
Best pizza! Enough said. lol A little pricey but well worth the extra cost. Great flavor, nice crust. If there is a better pizza in Fort Myers Fl, please let me know. lol  I have only ordered carry out. Looks nice inside.
great pizza place in SW Florida, if your ever in the Naples, Ft. Myers area do yourself a favor and stop by...
Fantastic food.  Quick. Priced right.  Great service.
Love this place, even though its a chain.  The pizza is crispy without being dry.  They give kids dough to play with while you wait for your pizza to be cooked. Service is great and you can even get in & out on your lunch hour.
Great pizza, thin crispy crust with spicy sausage and pepperoni! Absolutely delicious... Rate it a 9 out of 10!
Love,love, love this place.  We come here every time we vacation in Ft. myers.  The salads are huge and always very fresh.  We usually get the pepperoni pizza just because it is so yummy. The pepperoni is small circles and is more spicy than most places. It almost tastes home made.  They use fresh mozzarella , which makes all the difference too.  Yes, the prices are higher than chain pizza...but you can't compare the two.  If like cheap,cruddy pizza like cicis,papa johns or dominoes...you probably would  not be impressed...but people who appreciate good quality food, you have to try this pizza!
Came here on first day of vacation.  Great service and pie!  Hand tossed with an array of toppings.  Can't give 5 stars as the toppings menu was limited for a pizza place.  If you like pizza, you'll love this place.
I'm not sure it's the best in Fort Myers but it is definitely good.  I would recommend it and go back for sure.  We had a large pizza and small calazone for 5 adults and it was plenty.  We loved it.
Best pizza in town - at least for those of us from the northeast. We've eaten the best all around the country, and while there are better out there, this is pretty darn good. One tip though, the plain cheese is a little "flat" - get the pepperoni to spice things up.
Small menu, good pizza.  Nice patio.
Pizza, salad and calzone are pretty much all you will find here, but they do all three extremely well. The sauce is the tangy variety rather than sweet which is my preference and the mozzarella is of the high quality variety. Both of which helped make this one of the better pizzas I have tasted. The calzone and house salads got big thumbs up around the table as well. The place looks nice and clean. The service was very good and they even sent us out the door with to-go drinks. I will certainly be back but probably not during high traffic times as Bell Tower can get particularly busy.
Excellent!!!  If you like NY style pizza (I do), Grimaldi's is fantastic. We had 1/2 bruschetta and 1/2 pepperoni. Both were delicious. Also, I highly recommend the Reese's peanut butter cheesecake.
Very good, solid menu, good service!
I have visited over 10 times in the previous year living in Ft Myers.  I have never, ever, ever been disappointed.  I like to sit at the bar outside.  It doesn't matter where you sit.  You will never ever ever go wrong.  Pizza or calzone it doesn't matter, it's all great.  I think they bring in a chemist who adjusts the water making it comparable to New York water.
Love the pizza here.  A personal pizza and a small salad are plenty for two people.
Excellent, crispy pizza, with tasty salad. The thing that was best about the pizza was the fact that the sauce, cheese, and sausage worked in harmony to play off each other, rather than overwhelm. Service for lunch was spot-on. Since Armando's is closed, this is now the best pie in the area.
This was the first time I had a chance to have NY style coal oven pizza, I am use to Chicago style, Lou's , , , Nino's, and I got to tell you, we enjoyed it immensely.  Thin super crunchy pizza. I hope they open a chain in the Chicago area, I would travel for the change. No disappointment here.
best pizza in Fort Myers, hands down.   They take care to do pizza well and it is truly great.  Fresh quality ingredients, excellent flavored thin crust...never greasy.  We are there at least twice a month.  Only pizza we will eat.
If you are looking for a great wood fired pizza this is the place to go. We had a veggie pizza with motzerella and ricotta. One of the best I have had.  Service was excellent, I would highly recommend this place.
Ordered out and did not eat in; therefore can not respond on the wait staff.  As far as the pizza, you get what you pay for and it was really really good.  Large two topping for $$, but was worth it!
Wow. Just wow. This is some of the best New York style pizza I have ever had. Definitely will keep them in mind for our next trip down.
You got to be kidding me. Antipasto Salad 9 bucks for 6 slices salami 6 Green Olives 4 Pieces of mozzarella Cheese and a sprinkle of roasted red peppers,Now the pizza can we talk, Nice Crisp thin crust but where was the sausage, cheese, mushrooms and sauce? Save yourself a trip and go to a Mom & Pop place and you won't have to pay the rent at Bell Tower
FINALLY Fort Myers has an excellent pizza joint.  I am a pizza snob...no nasty poppa johns or dominoes in this body.  I demand the real deal...and Grimaldi's is THE REAL DEAL.  For great NY za, look no further.  Don't forget the calzones....crazy good.
One of the best white pizza's I've ever had. We love to sit outside at the bar, great service and the pizza NEVER disappoints. We have tried the red pizzas, calzones, and salads and everything is yummy but my favorite is the white pizza.
It's good pizza but it's not cheap.  Tony Sacco's is better in every way.
Best pizza outside of New York! Seriously, if you want NY style pizza, this is your place! I have been to the original Grimaldi's. In Brooklyn, which is the 2nd oldest pizza place in the country. The pizza @ the Ft. Myers location is just as yummy! From the fresh cut cheese to the freshly sliced toppings, everything is great.
In terms of pizza, this place really holds its own. Excellent service, Excellent environment, and most of all excellent pizza. So i guess i can sing now: " Things are getting better, they keep getting better all the time."
Pizza was delicious and the service was great.  Elliot our server was very courteous and attentive.  A taste of NYC in Fort Myers....who knew!
I almost took a star off because they are stingy with the pepperoni....but the pizza is so good I just couldn't do it.  Always perfect.  The only downside here....they need more apps.
The worst pizza for the most money in my whole life.  Find an UNO!   Yelp was wrong about this one
Delicious!  Loved everything about the pizza...but the kicker is the thin crispy crust that comes out of the coal brick oven.  No question the best pizza we've ever had.  Wish we lived here so we could have it anytime we wanted!
Best Pizza I have found in Fort Myers. I had the thin crust pepperoni and it was perfect. I had given up on finding local pizza I liked until I ate here so happy I found it.
When we saw there was an authentic NY Pizza place in Fort Myers we had to try it.  Glad we did - we are from Naples and this was well worth the drive.  Amazing pizza and desserts - what ever toppings you choose you will not be disappointed.  Can't wait to go back. In the middle of summer and we had a 45 minute wait - you know it has to be good!
Really great pizza. Crust is crispy yet chewy. Salads are good also. Kind of pricey but it is worth it.
I love this place.  We eat here regularly with and without the kids.  The pepperoni is awesome.  If you like a LOT of toppings, it can get expensive.  The portions are huge as far as the salads go. My husband easily can share a small salad and small pizza and have plenty of food.  The cheesecake selections are yummy too.  My kids really love the pizza dough that they bring out as well.  Overall, this is a great place, great food, and the staff are awesome for the most part.
Walked in at 9:55 last night (they close at 10) and thought for sure they'd be annoyed to see us - exactly the opposite. Entire staff was incredibly friendly and welcoming. Ordered a mediterranean salad - really fresh - and a pizza - also delicious, plus very reasonably priced. Service was quick but not rushed and the manager even came over to make sure everything was ok. I've been visiting Fort Myers for years and the amount of good restaurants is SLIM - Grimaldi's is great.
Great food. This place rocks. Good prices and delicious pizza!
Excellent pizza.. One of the best I've ever had.  My only complaint is if you like a lot of toppings, you'll pay for it.  My pizza usually gets pretty pricey but it's definitely worth it.
Outstanding pizza - the best in the greater Fort Myers area. Always consistently good, fresh high quality ingredients and attentive service. Their roasted red peppers are done in-house, their mozzarella cheese is very high quality and their sausage is extremely tasty, not greasy! Beware going around 4:00 - they have to re-stoke the brick oven and there will be a delay in ordering pizza at this hour.
Best pizza in Ft Myers. We have eaten there twice and loved it both times. Service was great. We had the pizza with mushrooms, sausage and fresh basil.
LOVE this place! Awesome food, great service.  I love the mediterranean salad, its always very fresh, and the pizza is, hands down, the best in ft myers.
This place is the best pizza place around. The coal brick oven give the pizza a great flavor. We have dined here numerous times and always have a great meal. The staff and managers are always pleasant and responsive to your needs. Great place!!
