Good food for a first time visit. Food was a little rough when it came out. Had a little extra char on the turkey burger I ordered. Seemed though as if they were busy with two different large groups in at the same time. A very loud atmosphere for the game floor. Very bright lights and lost if flashy attractions to draw you in. But in all though for the $40 I spent on tickets/coins it allowed me to play a ton of games with the 2 other people I came with. So it was a huge plus for that. They do have wait service to the game stations which is great if your there for a night out to have a few drinks and play some arcade games. Over all a great experience for a first time visit
I have been here on a number of occasions both with kids and adult only parties. Every single time I'm here the service is AWFUL. I've never had someone who was rude or impolite but I went yesterday, and my table waited 22 minutes for drinks. TWENTY TWO MINUTES. For drinks! ...Two out of only four of which were beers! 22 minutes for 4 drinks, I timed it! Finally when our drinks came along mine was wrong. I specifically asked my waitress for angry orchard and fireball. Yes, an angry balls, essentially, but i specified only wanting angry orchard and fireball, no ice, no cherries, no anything that isn't fireball whiskey and angry orchard hard cider. My server immediately came back with a drink the proper way, took WAY much less time than originally. So we finished our meals, which by the way I do have to add are always yummy! I haven't tried anything I haven't liked yet! ...Anyways we finished our meals, cashed out to go play some games, that's the purpose of being there after all isn't it? Well when I went to the bar for a new drink, the bartender was completely incompetent. For starters, they were out of fireball, which okay that happens but I've bartended for years and ALWAYS know what is in stock and what isn't. So she poured cinnamon schnapps in my drink instead, which I okayed, but HUGE mistake. I don't know if it was her pour, or the schnapps, but my drink tastes like grass. To top it off I was charged full price for my drink despite the fact that it was happy hour "half off" drinks! When I asked why she charged me full price she explained "half off drinks only counted for cocktails, since there was no ice in my drink she had to charge me as a double cocktail, but she wasn't charging me for the shot, just the beer." So when I asked if she was only charging me for a beer, why was it not included in the half off price, she then explained again it was a cocktail but she was only charging me for a beer. ...Literally none of what she was saying was consistent or made any sense, ESPECIALLY when my waitress had charged me half off for the happy hour special for the exact same drink. The same bartender also charged my friend that I was with full priced for a margarita but after my debacle my friend didn't even want to know what the excuse was for her drink. It makes me really sad because there is such a fun friendly atmosphere my lord, the service needs to improve, asap!
The food is alright... Dave's double is a awesome burger... Cooked just right... Perfect along side their pretzel dogs... The games are fun and they bring new games in every couple of months... The one beef I have with D&B is they won't put Monday night raw on the tv because it is a family restaurant... But instead of watching fake wrestling I can go blow some heads off In a shooting game... What a crock!
The food is decent, as I have only tried their fried chicken fingers and fries, which is about what you could get anywhere else and is nothing special.  I mostly go there for the huge variety of games and this place is great to bring kids to.  If you do buy food, be sure to get a power card, as it will make your meal cheaper.  Wednesdays are half-priced games and I strongly recommend visiting then so as to maximize your savings.
Feels like a Chuck E Cheese for adults. Super-sized party multiplex for casual diners and serious drinkers who like a joystick with their drumsticks and swizzle sticks. This massive entertainment complex lures customers in with its arcade, then keeps them there by way of a spacious eatery serving pizza, pasta, burgers and finger food. Classic games like billiards, skeeball and shuffleboard are balanced by electronic counterpoints such as Ms. Pac-Man, Centipede and virtual-reality simulators that re-create an 18-wheeler ride or a Star Trek voyage. Of the two full bars, one comes with a 20-screen videodome designed for armchair quarterbacks. The food was average, but is enough to satisfy your drunk munchies. Best times to come is during week nights so as to avoid all the crowd. Service wasn't the most pleasant, but what did you expect out of arcade establishment for drunk adult gamers.
I havent tried food here, my only intention was to play a lot of games and use the half price wednesday offer they have on all games. We went there on a dry wednesday afternoon and were able to play all the games we wanted to without waiting or standing behind someone . But by 4 in the evening it was jam packed. Any who it was fun and we accumulated alot of points by the end, and were very happy. Definitely would return
In one word: Moneypit. I knew that going in, but still. There are some things they could make more reasonable, like their beer prices: ($6.47 - yup, nice odd change amount) per basic beer? OOOk. My mac and cheese was ~$12/13 dollars; I've had better elsewhere for less. My boyfriend's calamari was apparently delicious, but the portion was small. Our waitress was also not very good. The games are fun enough. Expensive, but fun if that's what you're looking for. I would go again to play some games with a group, but I wouldn't eat there again and I wouldn't be too keen to buy drinks, either.
Dave & Buster's opened at Crossgates Mall (Western Ave side on the lower level) over this past weekend. D&B's is a fun place to go for food, drinks, watching sports, and plenty of interactive games to play. I've been to several other D&B locations around the country before this location opened. My favorite D&B's location is at Franklin Mills in Philadelphia. This place is like "Chuck E. Cheese" for grownups, a similar concept to Wolf's 1-11, Jillian's, and Game Works. The atmosphere here is on the loud side. The bar area in the center is surrounded by ample flatscreen TVs, a great place to catch the game while enjoying beers and cocktails and pub style fare. There's high chair seating around the center bar counter surrounded by booths. The general dining area (dim lighting) has booth and table seating. The good sized arcade area has plenty of games to choose from, such as Pac Man Battle Royale, Press Your Luck, Skeeball, and much more. Some games you can win coupons to redeem for various prizes such as stuffed dolls (large & small), toys, apparel, slow cookers, balls, and candy. On Wednesdays, all games are half price to play! There were no pool tables to be found at this D&B's. The food offerings consist of American pub style fare include sandwiches, burgers, salads,  steaks, chicken, pasta dishes, fried foods, appetizers, and desserts. The prices here are moderate. I stopped at the new D&B's for a late dinner break after driving three hours from NH (on a long road trip). There were staff checking IDs at the exterior entrance. Must be 18 or older to enter, minors must be accompanied by a parent or guardian 25 or older, maximum 6 minors per adult. All people under 18 must leave the place by 11PM. I believe IDs are also checked at the indoor mall entrance (I saw the staff checking IDs during the day (all times) at the Syracuse (Destiny USA) location). Upon arriving, I was promptly seated by the hostess, standing beyond the customer service counter in the front area. I started out with a Diet Coke ($2.79) and decided to go with the Eat, Play Win Combo for $16.99, in which you choose from one of 8 select entrees and get a $10 Power Card with 100 tickets. For my entree, the Chicken & Shrimp Rockefeller (normal price $13.79) served with mashed potatoes and broccoli was very rich to eat, had a unique smell, and pretty decent tasting overall. The grilled chicken was very tender and the small shrimp were soft. The chunky mashed potatoes were quite good, with a soft and dense. texture. Since the food was very filling, so I passed on the offer for dessert. The dinner check total for dinner entree, $10 Power Card, and Diet Coke was $21.11 with tax and before tip. The net cost for the $10 Power Card was only $3.20 with entree purchase, a pretty good deal! The service here was good. I was offered and given free soda refills. My entree arrived to my table in about 15 minutes after ordering. I also took advantage of the free wifi access (with password) while I waited for my food. After dinner, I played a few games with the $10 Power Card (48 chips) including a couple games of Skeeball (2.6 chips per game). I will be sure to redeem the rest of my Power Card on a Wednesday, so I can take advantage of the half price games.
Our 6 year old LOVES Dave & Busters. It definitely appeals to kids. The food is typical chain fare and is priced about the same as other chains. The games are expensive though. I purchased $25 worth of credits, and burned through them in about half an hour, this with 1 kid. If you've got two or three kids you can imagine how pricey it can get. Between dinner and games a family can easily drop well over $100 per visit.
Terrible food, fun games and there's a bar!
If you aren't going solely to play games, don't bother- on the weekend, at least. The wait time was long (over 2 hours for a table for two). We waited over an hour and a half before the hostess said she had "no idea" how much longer we would be waiting. Obviously, like most restaurants, the bar is full service, if you want to wiggle through a crowd and find a seat (good luck looking for more than one). There was a wait for nearly every game as well and tons of tables that appeared to be occupied by people drinking- not eating. A frustrating sight when you've been waiting that long for a table. Also, you aren't allowed to go into the mall with your table pager which was annoying and seemingly pointless. Eventually, after spending money on games and waiting almost two hours, we gave up and left. I expect it for a weekend, especially after they just opened but, I thought it was a bit extreme.
Fried American food and brain-frying video games. Dave and Buster's is not quite a grown-up Chuck E. Cheese. It's as if you took Chuck, fed him an hallucinogenic mushroom, licked his little mouse paws, shoved them into an electrical socket, dropped him in a vat of TGIFriday's fry grease, handed him a beer, and plopped him into the dystopian world of Back to the Future II where Biff runs Pottersville. The games and loud, night club wannabe environment rule it out for toddlers but older kids will be enthralled, if you can stand it. I remain bemused at the number of dating 20-something child-free types that patronize the place; it seems like an odd place for a rendezvous, and I am hard pressed to think of an analog during my dating days, but then again that was back in the era of steam-powered video games and before smoothies had Red Bull in them (on this latter note I am quite in earnest, do NOT buy one for your child). In any event the place skews younger than I am, and clearly I am a fossil in being appalled by the younger parents here who'd brought infants and toddlers past not just a sensible bedtime for hem, but for me. The times they are a changin'. D&B's as ever seems to have problems at this location keeping its kitchen tickets straight, and our seating took forever, but the food is just as tasty or tastier than the similar standard upscaled fried - and - grilled fare at your typical Ruby Tuesdays. Seriously, D&B's oddly seems to have good quality control here; the last time I went to one was for a bachelor party a decade ago and the food was well above average for the loud sportsy pseudo adultish playpen bar restaurant genre. You will, however, end up spending twice what you will spend at a Chuck E Cheese for the same amount of bemusement, however ephemeral, for the kids, quality of food notwithstanding. D&B has gone full digital with cards and credits instead of tokens and tickets (the machines still spew tickets, but they're meaningless - they keep track of tickets you've earned on your card, which makes the tickets for trinkets non-transferable. This makes the very bad deal of essentially gambling for plastic crap even more inscrutable; buy 100 D&B's credits for 25 dollars, for example, and then swipe the card on a machine, and for some reason the machine charges in partial units - from 3.2 to 6.8 (typical) to 9.3 units per game. Playing the easiest games the kids managed to earn enough ticket/credits for a superball and a beanbag worth about 20 cents retail, an even worse return, if that had seemed possible, than Charles Frommage's carnival-highway robbery. As ever, it's like a little school for gamblers. Next stop, the casino. The food is basically marked up about  25% over similar entrees from the 99/Ruby Tuesday's/Applebees menus, which is a relative bargain compared to the games cost. Wait staff were very friendly; bar staff, indifferent - I watched one,two ,three, four, five, six, seven staff congregate and gossip in the middle of the ginormous bar for several minutes on a not very busy night before one of them deigned come over. The game management staff seemed a bit surly in explaining things to us, as if we showed up at a trendy nightclub in the city without our names on The List. This is a special-rewards-only destination as far as I'm concerned, and because of the cost I sort of wish I'd never thought to bring them here, but the kids are enthralled with it for the sheer size and noise level. So it is a good thing there's a full bar, even if it's hard to get a drink, unlike Chuck E Cheese they don't have a limit on the number of servings, all the better to benumb oneself. (Thanks as ever for my designated driver; an excellent reason to stay married.) In the meantime, I'm sure the next generation which engages in its mating rituals here and then brings its progeny back to the scene of the crime finds me hopelessly quaint and will continue to shower D&B's with money. Which spells the end for Chuck, because they are the future.
The food is not too bad and somewhat affordable. I would rather pay $35 for dinner here thsn $35 for the same items at Recovery Room. The pretzel bites were better and so were the quesadillas. I was pleasantly surprised to see that my drink was only $3.50 since we were seated during happy hour (1/2 price cocktail special).
I'll be fair and say that this place is still new and they're working out the kinks. It's probably one of the better attractions in the Albany area. Beats out Wolfs 1-11 on the game level. Plenty of games to chose from; that is if you can wait behind people or squeeze in somehow to play a few games. I've only eaten here once, seeing that was about the only time the wait wasn't so bad and we were able to snag a bar side table. Food was okay. Typical chain restaurant food. You know it's all pre frozen and nothing is actually fresh. But still, you'd expect something a little more from a big company like this. The staff, well it's the typical kind for the capital region. If you don't strike the bartenders or waiter/waitresses fancy, you'll be waiting for them; for a long time. It's more of the atmosphere of the staff tend to their friends more and stop to socialize. And understandably, this isn't a place to take all seriously. You're meant to have fun here, but please, you have a job to do. Take care of the customer and carry on.
Tried to call and make a reservation, but was told they don't take reservations. When I got there they had a huge party reserved. Games and beer was good, but the food was mediocre at best. Waiter was on spot. Eat somewhere else then go to Dave and busters for drinks and games.
I LOVE D&Bs. LOVE. LOVE LOVE LOVE. I never had a bad experience at one. Until it came to Albany. Now I've ONLY had bad experiences. I've been there three times now since it has opened in August so I'll break this down by experience. Trip 1, party of 4: an hour and forty five minutes for a table. This was understandable, as it was the first three day weekend after it had opened. Fine, no problem. The issue, however, was with the service. We placed an order for an appetizer. It took FOREVER, at least a half an hour, for the app to come out. It tasted good and everything. But the app was barely on the table before our entrees came! I ordered a dessert that had ice cream in it. The waitress could not find a spoon for me. She said she looked for one, and in the entire restaurant, could not find a spoon. I was baffled by this. Trip 2, a friend's birthday celebration, party of 8: We sat at a table in the bar. We placed our order, mine included an an appetizer. Well over an hour later, our food had still not arrived. Neither had my appetizer. I questioned the waiter, and he said he'd check to see what was going on. He came back and said that the appetizer had been placed with the rest of the food. I am unsure how this happened because I also ordered an entree. Anyway, not 5 minutes later, the rest of the food came out. Mine was good, but two of the people in my party, including the birthday girl, said that their food was COLD! A manager came around and asked how everything was. The birthday girl said she upset she was with everything. The manager ended up comping all of the food items and gave us cards with tickets on them. He also apologized profusely. He was very pleasant to deal with, and while we appreciated the gesture, we would have preferred to have food that was brought out quickly and at an edible temperature (although this only affected 2 people). Trip 3, date night with my fiance: No wait for a table! Awesome! The waiter was incredibly friendly and helpful. We ordered an appetizer and, amazingly, it came out with enough time to actually enjoy it before our entrees were served! We were then served warm meals. Excellent! We were really happy with our service here. But then we went out onto the game floor. I was busy playing my coin game when my fiance came over, upset once again with D&B's. He said he went to the bar and waited for about 15 minutes and nobody approached him to take his drink order. He was sitting there waiting until after happy hour had passed. He left the bar and while doing so, passed a manager and let him know that he was leaving because of the crappy service. In short, the food here is good. They certainly give large portions and it's all tasty. The spinach dip appetizer is great. I'm a big fan of their BBQed chicken. The parmesean crusted chicken is very good too, as is the pasta that it's served with. The desserts...LOVE (except for eating melting ice cream with a fork!). So good. And the games... SO MUCH FUN!!!!! Too much fun, almost. They have a good selection in the prize room too. I recently got Big Bang Theory Clue (and the plot is "Who wronged Sheldon"...too funny). So, this is hard for me because I have been a fan of Dave and Buster's for YEARS. I've never ever had bad service at one of these before. I know it just opened in the Albany area, but come on. The wait times are understandable because it's brand new and everyone wants to try it. In my opinion, there is NO excuse for such terrible service multiple times over the course of a month. I really hope they get their sh-t together and are able to provide consistently good service. Only two stars from me, but I really do hope my opinion will change after it's been open for longer.
Not a single fighting game found here. No pool or foosball or anything of the sort. There's lots of mobile apps shoehorned into arcade kiosks. What a joke indicative of today's disconnected business practices. Food and drink prices were ridiculous for a packed, loud atmosphere.
Since my food order was screwed up they decided to give me free dessert. I wouldn't  come back to eat. Just drinks and games.
This is my first time at a Dave & Buster's and it really feels like a grown-up Chuck E Cheese's, though more expensive. The place is full of tons of games, though I do wish they had things like pool tables or pinball. Thankfully they do have skee-ball, which has always been an old favorite of mine. Aside from the games, the big attraction are the mixed drinks and they do have some tasty ones available (such as alcoholic snow cones and long island iced teas). I'm usually a beer guy and their selection isn't too bad for a place that is clearly not focused on the beer. The food is surprisingly good and I was very satisfied with my sandwich and these little garlic balls we got for an appetizer. As mentioned in other reviews, the service is definitely iffy and I hope that is a product of the place being new and everyone still training. Hopefully the service improves since this is a pretty fun place. Bottom line: D&B is a very fun place with nice mixed drinks and surprisingly good food, though it's quite expensive.
Let's get one thing straight here, the place JUST opened on August 29th. If you're looking for a life changing dining experience, go somewhere else. If you're looking to have some interesting drinks, order some regular chain-restaurant type food, and play some games, you're in the right place. I went Tuesday, so after the crazy rush of the Labor Day weekend. We went during lunch, so most people are off at work, and school's around here just started. We could of waited for a table in the dining room, but there were tables by the bar so we just did that. I got the BBQ Chicken which is on the $16.99 ($10 gaming card, and 100 tickets deal). For $7, the meal wasn't terrible. Mashed potatoes are very good, broccoli is actually better than I've had at most chain restaurants. The chicken was eh. I need to learn to not order that stuff out (Yes, I'm admitting fault in my choice of meal, not blaming it on the restaurant). This place apparently is 21+ after 11pm. And if you are under 21, and want to bring kids with you, there's some rules about that as well. Honestly, I don't see an issue with this. It's nice to have an arcade style place that us adults can enjoy. Plus a lot of the games aren't really easily understood by kids. They're a little more involved than the average arcade game. And most games are multiplayer. All in all, I really don't mind it. Yes, it's another chain restaurant which we really don't need, but it's definitely worth a try.
Place was packed took us an hour to get seated. They I.D at the door for some reason. It was my friends birthday so we ordered drinks waitress asks for I.D.'s says she has to go check on mine. Comes back with the manager like 15 minutes later saying they can't accept it because it's not in his books so I pull out my temporary I.d and old I.D. I didn't even get an apology i know she was just trying to do her job but did she really have to bring the manage into and embarrass me. Unfortunately I am going back tomorrow because I had already made prior arrangements this time I'm bringing my passport to.
I went here for Thursday Night Football. There were way too many teen-aged diners.  We were seated at a table that had no televisions on the wall if you sat at one end and a giant support beam in the way of the TVs if you sat facing the other way.  The arcade area feels like the floor of a low-end Atlantic City casino.
I go here almost every week to play games with my friends. We decided to eat there one night and no one came to serve us after being told that someone would. There were plenty of open tables and it didnt even seem that busy. So my friends and I played our games and went to Denny's :D
Four stars. Food isn't terrible for a chain and mostly the service is rad. The only thing that brought down the experience for me was one bartender who failed to make eye contact. She acted as if it was even an honor for me to be at the bar. However, the service by the gentleman wearing the victor Cruz jersey was spot on and more than made up for his fellow bartender(I think his name was Andrew). All in all I would go back for a beer.
I'm not a fan of chains in general. I much prefer to patronize independent restaurants as the food usually doesn't come out of a SYSCO truck, and the atmospheres are more hipster/trendy/eclectic/unique.  Dave and Busters really should get a 2 star rating because the atmosphere is SO overstimulating (SO many TVs!), the bar was sticky and gross, and it took an hour and a half to get 1-1/2 rounds of drinks, and a meal of one salad and one appetizer. But for 3 stars - games are half price on Wednesdays so my Power Card went pretty far, the bartender comped my second drink because he literally forgot three times after three reminders that I ordered it and a glass of water for my friend, and the salad was literally the best restaurant salad I've ever had.  It was a huge surprise!  I ordered the steak and blue cheese salad, hold the cheese/sub salmon.  It was a large portion, salmon was seasoned and grilled perfectly, and just the right amount of zesty dressing.  (or maybe I was so hungry by the time dinner showed up that I would have eaten anything?)  Word of advice - bring hand sanitizer.  The games are filthy.
