Excellent!!! Great food!!! love the pancakes and the Shrimp omelet,  but the services was not that great, some time is nice if your server smile!!
Definitely be back! Tried shrimp and grits and burger. Both were awesome!
Absolutely loved this place! Would highly recommend.
Listen....... I like grits........and I love shrimp..... Until now, I thought that I had tasted the best of both....I WAS DEAD WRONG...... you hear me.......I WAS DEAD WRONG........ I ordered the grits and shrimp and immediately knew that I was in the middle of experiencing a deep addiction that I knew I would never kick.  The combined flavors exploded in my mouth like a million 4th of July fireworks.  I was blown away....... This dish is at the top of the list of MY FAVORITE THINGS.  This is going to end up costing my a lot of money because, I live in New Jersey and this is the only place ( that I know of ) that makes this delightful magnificent dish.  JUST TAKE YOUR BUTT THERE AND TRY THIS......YOU'LL SEE FOR YOURSELF......... The hospitality was the best.  The establishment treated us northerners very well.  The coffee was excellent and I felt very comfortable.
I have been to CRAVE at least 6 times this year.  You cannot go wrong with the Cobb.  I met a friend we ordered the crab dip - greasy and spicy.  Followed by the pear salad drenched in dressing!! with 3-4 slices of pear and little cheese.  My friend ordered the shrimp and grits. Grits were bland and shrimp was very salty.  When first open it was spot on now not so much.  Hope they get their act back together
Went to Crave for dinner for the first time with friends who were visiting from out of town-had been there before on several occasions for lunch. I gotta say that they REALLY know how to cook comfort food! I had a tough time deciding on what to choose. Meatloaf? Shepherds Pie with cheddar horseradish mashed potatoes on top? Beef Stew? My friend and I started out splitting the warm brie spring salad. The surprise was the wedge of brie cheese came wrapped in baked phyllo dough to the side of the salad greens. It was delish! I went with the meatloaf-to die for! It was melt in the mouth good smothered in mushroom gravy and setting atop a mound of mashed potatoes and done-just-right green beans. The dinner portions are very generous; my husband and I will split a meal next time when ordering dinner. We brought home some of the split pea soup, beef stew, and meatloaf, and will enjoy it tonight. Now...I have to try the Sunday brunch, as I have read great reviews about it from fellow Yelpers! Just gotta say-you can't go wrong eating at Crave!
Cool decor. Friendly staff. Great food. The omelette combinations are interesting and made perfectly and the pancakes are fluffy and delish. Next cant wait to try the shrimp and grits.
We were vacationing from Atlanta and looking for a more local place  away from the resort for breakfast (RE: not $16 for scrambled eggs).  As a vegetarian I was thrilled to see REAL veggie options.  I had the Veggie Benedict and it was AMAZING. Grilled eggplant, tomatoes, zucchini with poached eggs and hollandaise.  The grits were disappointing but the main course made up for it.  My fellow diners ordered the potatoes instead of the grits.  They came out looking like a pie wedge and were a little hard to cut.  It was Father's Day weekend and the place was pretty hoppin'.  The service was fine-not stellar- but not bad.  Though I acknowledge it was a busy morning I was disappointed with their unwillingness to leave out an ingredient in my pal A's omelet.  They were very strict about menu deviations.  Know before you go:  call ahead to find out the wait, this place isn't very big.  The only place to wait is outside.
Went here for a Sunday breakfast. We had omelets and both were cooked perfectly.  The potatoes were not as good as I enjoy. They were a potato cake cooked too well done.  Prices very reasonable and a nice selection of items.  Looking forward to our next visit to try grits or gravy and biscuits.
We went on burger night so I am not sure we got the full Crave experience but what we had was pretty good. My "chicken burger" was certainly cooked with the fish as it tasted more like fish than chicken but otherwise it was OK. The fries and salad were great as was the service. We will certainly go back and try the more interesting items on the menu
Went for lunch and got the special, turkey burger with a few slices of avocado and salad. Outstanding burger! Freshly-pressed turkey patty on a toasted bun with a slice of colby (?) cheese. Waitress was pleasant and kept my cup of coffee full. Got very busy 5 minutes after I sat down. Definitely returning next time I'm near Fort Myers.
We ordered out for lunch. Called them and told them my order and they said it would take 30-35 minutes? I got there a half hour later and waited ten more minutes. The place is really small. I overheard one of the tables and a lady had a hair in her food and told the waiter and he offered her a new plate at no charge. The place is expensive. I would give it one more chance but wouldn't recommend it unless you like attitude and hair in your food.
Cute little place and unique menu.  Mac and cheese was delicious, and had a little kick to it.  My meatloaf sandwich was amazing, and even better cold the next day.  Everyone was really happy with their meals and portions were huge.
First time here thanks to Yelp reviews!! A cute, clean, and friendly little joint. Loved the specials written on the board, a nice touch that really complimented the ambiance and theme. Food was excellent and service was right on point. The best part was the value of the food. Extremely fair pricing for the quality. We can't wait to try lunch.....and everything else on the menu! Overall, excellent experience!
One of the best brunch destinations in the Fort Myers area, you will not be disappointed. Well portioned servings, attentive service, good presentation. My favorite is the  Salmon Eggs Benedict.
Mom "craved" the salmon hash and poached eggs. She is a VERY picky eater. The service was great.
By far 5* party of 5... Wings best ever, Sea Bas to die for, Shrimp perfect, Chicken breast great, Small place, Now I have to wait another year before we can go back. Staff is so busy....be patient
solid spot. the menu is ridiculously large. fantastic grouper sandwhich... service slightly slow, but i'll take it considering the friendly staff and excellent quality.
If you haven't been here for breakfast or lunch yet GET HERE ASAP!! Everything I have ever had here has been ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!! Went here last week and got the daily special - smoked turkey, smoked sausage and smoked BBQ all done in house and it was incredible!! Amazing flavor and super fresh!! Came with great homemade chips as well. My fiancée got the Greek salad which she loved and said was very fresh. It is a small space so it's a little cramped inside and often has a wait but trust me...the food is worth whatever wait there might be! This place is a gem, hidden inside a strip mall - but don't let the location fool you...the food inside is top notch!!!
Pleasantly surprised !! We are here visiting from Oregon ! We are spoiled with fresh and organic food . We weren't finding a lot of that here I had the smoked pork omelette and a side of sausage for my son which was delicious! Great service and staff Even saw a celebrity although I can't remember his name which is driving me crazy!
We came here for brunch time on a Saturday off season and there was still a long wait.  BUT oh so worth the wait.  The wait will always be rather long because this place is so small and very popular.  I can understand why it is so popular- the food was so good!  If the service was not so slow and unhelpful I may have given it 5 stars.   The specials sounded great but I ordered the Mrs Cristo and my husband got the salmon club with eggplant side special. My cristo was one of the best cristo's I ever had and the awesome twist of a fried egg on top made it even more yummy.     The atmosphere is what I would describe as a chic hole in the wall.  And the location is in an older strip mall near the Dollar Store, so I was pleasantly surprised by the trendy decor inside.   If you go at a popular eating time, be prepared to wait but you will not be disappointed.
Good coffee. I ordered blueberry pancakes which were very good.  Also had a side of biscuits and gravy, which was pretty good. Waitresses were very friendly.
Not sure why we waited so long to try this place. The Market next door is awesome, and the restaurant is even better. Specials are written on a huge blackboard above the tables on the right, be sure to check them out. Staff was super friendly, and the atmosphere is like sitting in someone's living room. A plus!!!
You won't find a better place than Crave! I've lived in Manhattan and am visiting from Miami, and this place can hold up to any spot I've ever eaten at! Cozy atmosphere, large menu selection, delicious food, and fabulous service (thanks Valerie)!
We were promptly sat with a trendy looking highchair. Cool! With so many unique, and good looking items I had a hard time choosing just one. The shrimp and grits were wonderful. The eggs benedict was also very good. But the potatoes that came with the benedict were the WORST I have ever had. It tasted like they were fried the day before and reheated in the microwave.  Slimy, gummy, and definitely not crispy. I would eat here again, just steering clear of the breakfast potatoes!
Extremely hot inside. Waitress said they were not allowed to turn down the AC lower Below average food quality and taste.  Waitress was very loud and extremely inattentive.  Would not recommend or dine here again.
Awesome food awesome service awesome drinks!!!!! My new fav!!!! Small intimate place, every reason for me to go back!
Cool decor and great service.  I was really hoping for more with the food, but I would give it another shot because I liked the place and the great service will bring me back for a second shot. For starters, the iced tea, home brewed, great flavor.  I ordered the corn beef hash for my entree.  It WAS the best corned beef hash I've ever had at a restaurant, but it was a little sweet?  There was one spice in it that I can't put my finger on that gave it a littile bit of a sweet taste.  Drop that spice and it would have been near perfect.  The cheese grits were OK.  They needed more cheese and less pepper.  I got the white bread for a side and it was barely warm and hard.  The scrambled eggs were cooked good and were tasty. As far as other folks at my table, my wife got a side of potatoes and they were not good at all?  It was like a day old, soggy hashbrown.  Her steak omelet was ok according to her.  My daughter got a side of grits (shared my comments on the grits), a biscuit (burnt on the bottom) and andouille sausage (I tried the sausage and thought it was good.) So, this go around the service was awesome, I like the decor and ambiance, but the food was not spectacular.  BUT, I will be givinig it another shot, perhaps for dinner.
Came here with a group of six on July 4th around noon.  Cool decor.  It wasn't nearly as busy as usual, but all of the tables were occupied.  Our server wasn't very friendly, but our meals did arrive as ordered.  I must be one of the only people in the world who isn't super crazy about this place.  Although the food tastes very fresh and the menu is fun and interesting, it has never knocked my socks off.  I would rather go to First Watch any day.
Had lunch with Grandma and Bjorn.  It was ok--doubt I will be back and will not recommend to others. Rachael/Rueben was not better than Shell Point Island cafe according to mom.  My meatloaf sandwich was bland and did not look appetizing.    Gravy was lumpy and mashed potatoes were not right.  Meat lacked signs of innovation (orange zest, paprika, etc.) and was sliced too thin.  Had hoped for something like the Black Cow serves in Columbus GA or the recipe from the Silver Palette.  Bjorn's eggs and bacon were reportedly good, but rosti was grey inside and not crisp despite clear evidence that is had been browned at some point earlier in the day. Iced tea was very good.  Service was inattentive--missed the ketchup request and need to get checked out quick for a 1pm rendevous.  Three of us got out for $40 including 18%.
One of our favorite restaurants in the Fort Myers area. We usually go there several times during a two week stretch and will try breakfast, lunch or dinner and every one of them are great. They've got daily specials and I don't think there's a weak item on the regular menu. We were there for dinner this past Wednesday and had the specials; the fresh tuna steak with jasmine rice and lightly dressed greens and the Kansas City Strip Steak with garlic mashed potatoes. We loved them both and had plenty to take home. The wines are always good and an interesting selection for the price. We finished with their signature desserts, the banana pudding and apple crisp, both were great. We always love having our waiter, Peter, who's so friendly and knowledgeable. Looking forward to our next visit.
Perfect for lunch with friends. A cute, small place with great service. AMAING, fresh food. I had a salad that was delicious and filling. Homemade chips were delicious. Sauces on the meat dishes were perfect.
I really wanted to love this place as I've had it bookmarked on Yelp and after reading all the fab foodie reviews.  We arrived on a Sunday around lunch time to a line out the door.  Again, I was excited thinking it must be good!!! We were sat within thirty minutes of arriving.  The ambiance scores a five star in my book! I love these hole in the wall places. Our waitress was fantastic too! However, the food was just ok.  On Sunday, Crave only serves breakfast with a few exceptions. I had the steak and cheese omelette with the breakfast potatoes.  The omelette was ok but the breakfast potatoes no bueno!  I will at least give Crave another try in hopes that maybe it was what I ordered. They really have a lot of wonderful things going for them... A second chance is in order.
I came in with the family and we ordered four things to eat and share. Crab Mac&Cheese, Mrs. Cristo, Veggie Craveadilla, and a Banana Crunch Pancake. The CrabMac&Cheese was my least favorite. It smelled REALLY fishy, and tasted a bit too fishy for my taste. The cheese was too thin, a bit runny, and no big sights of crab, just some flakes here and there, I sure could smell it though. My brother has ordered it in the past and said it was awesome, but just wasn't the same today. He was disappointed because he raved about it and couldn't wait for us to try it. The Mrs. Cristo was good. Very big sandwich with thick slices of hamsteak and Turkey served with a side of raspberry compote. I also used the syrup they gave me from my pancake to dip my sandwich in. I liked it better than the raspberry compote they gave with it. I love the Cinnamon Bread they use. It's the same bread they use for the French toast served there. The egg on top was cooked perfectly. Veggie Craveadilla was good too. It had Vermont Cheddar, an assortment of fresh veggies stuffed inside, but not just your typical onions, peppers, mushrooms. This one had fresh spinach, asparagus, broccoli, peppers, onion, and fresh mushroom. It is a breakfast item so there was also egg In it. If u like quesadillas, give that one a try. U would enjoy it. It's a perfect brunch item. They also have one with chicken, if u feel like meat. The highlight was the banana crunch  pancake. What can I say really about a banana pancake. They are always going to be delicious, but this one in my opinion was fantastic! I loved the chunky granola. I really like Crave, but I can't put my finger on what it needs to give it that extra Ooomph!
Love there breakfast all the eggs Benedict options are great my husband liked the French toast and loved the biscuits there shrimp was good but the grits where a little bland
My wife and I stopped in for lunch today.  Started off with fresh-squeezed grapefruit juice and the loaded homemade chips.   Both were very good.  Then went on to try the French toast and traditional eggs Benedict.   Both were good as well.  Eva did a very nice job taking care of us and was very personable and attentive.   The actual restaurant is very small; maybe fifteen tables.  The ten minute wait to be sat was well worth it.  The entire menu looked tasty and we will definitely be back to try more in the future.
A must for our little Fort Myers. Great breakfast and lunch (never had dinner there). Great stuff and vibe. Must go.
Great food. Unique and delicious. Service was awesome.  Even the OJ and jelly were unique and great.
Had to stop here after leaving Captiva Island and reading all the great reviews and this place didn't disappoint. The dining room is small but we stopped in for lunch and only waited about 5 minutes to be seated. Our server, Dia, was very welcoming and friendly. We had a hard time deciding what to order because it all looks so good and all the food is made in-house. I ordered the Croissantwhich and my husband ordered the French toast and they were both amazingly good. I had a fresh-squeezed lemonade which did not disappoint. If we lived in the area, we would definitely come back!
WOW  ! Once again I find how mediocre food impress the masses here in SWFL.  This place was a total rip off as far as price to quantity and quality . Frist I wish to give outstanding praise for the service of the wait staff. 5 stars !!! Now the food. The cratatoes ( hashbrowns ? ) or whatever was oily/greasy .I had less greasy food in a greasy diner on I- 5 in California. The meat lover omelet .  What meat????? there was more grilled onions  &  some mushrooms maybe MAYBE a 1/2 slice of bacon a 1/4 link of some possible pork link it appeared to be turkey no flavor.  Yes I separated from the others and examined it closely.   A weee bit of cheese. the eggs , 2 , were medium size. I have cooked for 40 years I know the size of eggs. All this for the price of 9 dollars. Ahhh I wanted a biscuit  instead of toast. A buck more and the bread SUCKED. (Kentucky Fried Chicken being a standard.) This was horrible. I will not torture you on the downfall of the so called California Omelet. :)----. Next time I need a good breakfast at a reasonable price it will be El Mambo in the Cape or the IHOP in Fort Myers. Save your taste buds and wallet and go else where.
A little pricy but food was amazing! We had the fry Chicken breast and Ribeye steak with mashed potatoes and Mac & Cheese, and Creme Brûlée for desert, everything was very tasty and fresh. We will definitely go back to this place.
Such a cute place!! Very beautiful presentation! Food was fantastic!! Eva is such a great waitress! Ask for her!! She's so sweet! Thankyouu and check it out it's wonderful!
Outstanding omelettes. Posh pancakes
The broiled tomatoes are delicious!!!! The breakfast best in Fort Myers but DO NOT GO IF YOU HAVE A FOOD ALLERGY! Took my brother who was visiting from out of town and THEY REFUSED TO ACCOMMODATE! Wouldn't even write down allergies or check with chef! Waiter was rude about it. Guess they are too popular to focus on the customer.
Absolutely a gem!!! I've lived here for over 5 years and I'm sad I hadn't found this place before now! My boyfriend and I shared the crab Benedict, chicken avocado omelette and the banana crunch pancake! Wonderful! Atmosphere and staff great!
The menu in Crave is huge and complicated and further confused by a blackboard filled w a myriad of thirty items. I can't read both! Breakfast and lunch menu combined for most part. It's a bit of identity crisis-- cafe? French wine gastro pub? Summarily this eatery is all things to all people. You will come for pot pie, turkey stuffing gravy open face, pancakes and omelots as well as bloody Mary's and mimosas ! Lots of sandwiches and bread choices toppings and sides. Hand cut chips are worth a stop all on their own. Really. Service and seating are top notch. What are my complaints? Wine menu on bottle is cute but doesn't tell me about the provenance.. Mixed drinks focus is an afterthought to boost brunch as this bears no resemblance to full bar. It's enough of a confusion that we asked if the Bloody Mary was real or with sake? Underplayed. Blackboard :overplayed. Food is lovely and interesting. My turkey sandwich was not exceptional-- gravy is mix based and the cranberry stuffing strong and pasty w the Texas toast a real bad base for it. My buddy ordered a side of chips w his fish sandwich. He left most of the Texas toast and shredded lettuce overkill and concentrated on the fried fish was had a satisfying crunch and taste. We enjoyed the experience at this fairly popular and full mall eatery. We will stop again if in the vicinity. I would like to try a brunch item next time like Eggs Benedict as they have at least twenty variations!!!!
Very unique and one of a kind.   In Fort Myers, it is unbelievably hard to find a truly enjoyable restaurant in terms of "food" and "ambiance".  This is so far ONLY a place I feel like "I would come back again!!" for breakfast, brunch or lunch.   Services are good, too.
Went here for lunch and it was delicious! I cannot wait to go back for dinner. I had a chicken foccacia sandwich with mozzarella and balsamic greens. I got the pasta salad on the side (which I was worried about after I ordered because I hate mayonnaise). My bf ordered the meatloaf, mash and gravy. Everything was absolutely delicious. My sandwich was fresh, the flavors were perfect together, even the pasta salad was perfect - creamy, fresh and not mayonnaise-y. My bf adored the meatloaf which was moist and flavorful, I tasted the potato and gravy and it sure tasted good! The waiter was attentive and answered all our questions. I wish I had had room for desert because they all sounded awesome. I did order a coffee after which was nice. The place is small but the decor is modern and nice. I didn't feel like I was being rushed out of there so I drank my coffee and we chatted for a while after we sorted the check. Overall great experience. I would give 5 stars but I feel that I need to have dinner there and update my review accordingly.
Five stars hands down. Been there twice now - I'm from Chicago and I'm VERY picky about my food. Took my friend here for breakfast after she got off the plane (she's from Chicago too) and she loved it!  We splurged!  Mimosa's twice around!  2 Mouthwatering breakfast entrees - Specials and a chocolate chip pancake for the table to split!  We know how to eat!  A little on the pricier side from your usual bfast spots but it's worth it.
My husband and I always come here for great soul food. It's a small place, but great for a date night. On the pricey side for dinner, but the portions are large, and I usually get 2-3 meals out of one dinner, so  it's well worth the price. Come here if you are in the mood for rich/heavy soul food! My husband and I are a little picky when it comes to good local restaurants, and this is one of our top picks in town.
Had the gulf coast  omelette , it was amazing , the mimosa was absolutely awesome, I will be back again
Obviously they have no concern for their customers. A simple request for a spoonful of Granola on my oatmeal instead of brown sugar, was flatly refused. They would sell me a bowl of granola for 2 dollars all I wanted was a tablespoon. I could not believe it. I got up and left this is not the kind of establishment I want to frequent.  Way to loose customers.
Great breakfast omelet choices. We shared the veggie and cheese and it was wonderful. Yogurt and fruit really yummy and also large enough to share. The coffee was rich and very good with plenty of fill ups.
What an amazing find! It's always a good sign when you look at the menu and multiple things jump out at you that you want to try. I wouldn't have known this place existed without Yelp so thanks Yelpers! The decor was extremely interesting especially the large leather booth tables running down the middle of the restaurant. The whole restaurant maybe has 13 tables so I can see why they prefer to seat everyone all at once instead of having a slow trickle of people joining their party. We arrived around 3:30 pm on a Friday afternoon and we were quickly seated. We were still able to order from their breakfast/lunch menu before they switched to dinner service. They were out of the daily side by that time though (pasta salad) so one person in our group had to opt for the Crave chips like everyone else. The breakfast items looked delicious especially the CRaVEadilla but I settled on the Pilgrim sandwich which sounded like Thanksgiving stuck between two pieces of bread. I thought the toasted bread was absolutely perfect! The turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing and cranberry were all great but I thought the sandwich was a little heavy on the potatoes but too stingy with the cranberry. I enjoyed my sandwich though! The CRaVE chips were lacking a bit of spices or salt for me. They were fried and crispy just lacked seasoning. They had a large chalkboard on the side of the restaurant that listed the specials of the day. My boyfriend opted to order off of that menu: Lobster Bisque and Chicken Chiabatta. The chiabatta sandwich bread was more like a thick brioche and definitely not chiabatta. It was thicker than my boyfriend would have liked but he enjoyed his lightly dressed greens with his grilled chicken. My tablemates ordered the burger, the grilled chicken sandwich and crabcake sandwich. They all finished their plates so I'm assuming they enjoyed it. The women's bathroom was pink with really cute retro signs on the walls. Service was friendly. The woman who seated us and served us throughout the meal was friendly but sometimes she was hard to find since it seemed like she was tackling other things. There was one other server (whose shift hadn't started, I'm assuming) because she didn't come out once to help out with the 3-4 other tables during our visit. I wouldn't hesitate to go back for the food the next time I'm in the area (preferably for brunch!)
Really a great place! I love going here for breakfast/brunch on the weekends.  Have a mimosa while you are there, they use fresh squeezed orange juice in them.  Yummmmmy!
I had the biscuits and gravy, probably some of the best I've ever had. the atmosphere was nice too. Unfortunately the service ruin the experience. My wife and I were trying to meet her sister for brunch. We felt unwelcome from the minute we got there when the waitress almost refused to seat us until our third was there. She almost refused us again when we tried to order while waiting for her sister. In the end, we canceled our meetup ate and left as quickly as possible. I felt harassed and unwanted. The place was not busy, and their "policy" lost them money. I wont be back again, but I wouldn't tell someone else not to go because of my bad experience.
I had the Montecristo for entree and the goat cheese for an app. The food was good, but I have quite a few complaints for service. 1- There are only a few tables in the whole joint. It doesn't take a spatial design genius to look at the place and see how they could make room for tables. They use these huge tables in the middle of the restaurant. Not only do they not match the rest of the decor, they are ginormous and usually only seat 2 people at lunch ... even though they could seat more. 2. Don't come here if you don't have at LEAST an hour to sit around wait. It took about 15 minutes to get seated, 10 minutes for service, then once you put your order in expect 30 minutes before your food comes out. I get it - it's freshly made, yadda yadda. Doesn't really excuse 30 min ticket times. Hire some help if you need to. Portions are huge, that's a plus. Our waitress was friendly but the host/waiter near the front kinda had an attitude problem.
Snotty attitude must be on the menu, because man, were they serving it up! Not impressed with the dinenr either - who wants spicy mac & cheese? I either want spicy or mac & cheese, but couldn't enjoy any of it, after the waitress, who may have been an owner, ruined the experience. If it was one or the other, I may have returned, but bad service and bad food aren't worth my time and money.
Delish. We are out of towners staying a few miles away, and have had Crave three times. Great food. We loved the fruit and yogurt and the oatmeal.  So gosh darn good. Yummy sandwiches and salads too. On Mondays it opens late and there was a long line of people waiting to get in before it opened.  Thats when you know its good. We did to-go and it was quick.
Went for breakfast a couple of times. First time the craveadilla was delicious! Portion was right for the price. Just needs salsa. 2nd time: Don't bother with the gulf coast omelette. Pricey. Too small. Not enough of anything. I was still hungry which pissed me off. I loved the mimosa, though. Can't remember what the S/O had but he had no complaints. We would go back.
We ate here a couple months ago while staying in the area. The food was great. Had some home-made chips and dip for appetizer - excellent. Had another appetizer with shrimp - don't remember the name now, but also excellent. I shared an entree with my son - very good. My little one had a kids meal - steak, mashed potato, & broccoli - that was amazing; she loved it - the steak looked and tasted to me like filet mignon, though I find it hard to believe. The service seems a little indifferent. And, the place is small - a narrow shopping center retail space - so can fill up very easily, and, there's no where really to wait. But, we timed it right (a little early for dinner) and had no problem; Though it was completely full before we finished. There are lots of appealing selections including specials up on the chalkboard. Everything we had was well-crafted. Give a go if you're seeking really good food.
In a city where the number of chain restaurants is the same as the number of gas stations, Crave is certainly a diamond in the rough when it comes to quality dining in Fort Myers. A few friends took me here for my birthday brunch, when I thought all hope was lost for finding a unique meal for a reasonable price. Okay, I'm exaggerating-- but my first taste of Crave was just a week or two into my move to FM and it certainly changed my mind about eating out in this town! (I've only been for brunch so I can't talk much about the other meals, but from what I've heard, there isn't a meal Crave can't do-- and do well). The restaurant itself isn't very large, I'd estimate there are only about 15 tables. I visited on a Saturday morning and there was a short wait, but I feel like people must not know about this place or the wait would be out the door. The atmosphere is laid-back, a perfect place to meet up with old friends or to take out-of-towners for a bite to eat. On my first visit (with many more anticipated in the near future), I chose the shrimp, crab, asparagus and brie omelet. It was fantastic in a way that's hard to describe. I could tell walking in that I had underestimated the place, but this really was so delicious, I was ready to order a second to take home and eat later. Other omelets sounded just as amazing, with great mixtures of seafood and fine cheeses and all under $12. I will warn you though, as the name of the restaurant does, that this place will make you addicted. I follow Crave on Facebook and it's almost deadly-- I look at pictures of the food and consider sprinting there just to take a bite of some of these meals (i.e. crab mac and cheese). Based on Facebook page, I know that they also do catering-- I can't see how their catering menu would be anything short of amazing after seeing the food people around me ordered. These people know what they're doing! Each item on the menu is a unique and fun gourmet option, but without the pretentious price of other gourmet restaurants. I'd say that all Yelpers should spread the news about this place, but then again, I like not having to wait to be seated so maybe we should keep this great place to ourselves!
I've been to Crave four or five times now and the food has ranged from "Hey that's pretty good" to "I would sit in a tub of that and eat my way out!" Yelp reviews led me to Crave and on my first visit I had the biscuits and gravy.  They were good but it wasn't as grand of an event as some Yelpers have talked about.  I brought a friend the next visit and it was more of the same.  The waitress said I'd have to come back for dinner some time.  The next time I ate breakfast at Crave I got the shrimp and grits and it blew my mind.  This is hands down the best shrimp and grits I've ever had.  I indeed crave them.  There is such deep flavor that they have to be tried to understand.  The shrimp are cooked perfectly and the grits creamy.  Unless you are allergic to shellfish you have to try them. Per the waitress suggestion my wife and I did return for dinner one evening.  I ordered the crave burger (medium rare) and my wife had the warm brie salad.  Once again, Crave had outdone itself.  The crave burger is easily in the top five burgers I've had next to the Vortex in Atlanta, Les Halles in New York, and the apple wood bacon burger with an egg on top at the Bank Street Brewery in New Albany, IN.  The seasoning of the burger was also full of deep and rich flavors and was cooked to perfection.  The bun helped soak up the juices from the burger.  I ate that burger with an almost perverse glee.  I wish I knew how they seasoned their meat.  I'd use that recipe and live by my grill.   Crave Burger - s3-media2.px.yelpcdn.com… My wife really enjoyed the warm brie salad but we were both expecting some more greens and not so much brie.  The warm brie salad seemed to be more suited as an appetizer shared amongst friends.  Slight criticism aside it tasted fantastic.  There is simply no fault with the flavors happening on that dish. Warm Brie Salad - s3-media1.px.yelpcdn.com… I will be back to Crave but the question is will I eat anything else besides the shrimp and grits or the burger?
The service and atmosphere were great. The food was delicious. My only complaint would have to be that the meat lovers omelette contains more peppers and onions than actual meat. I counted maybe 3 small pieces of meat and where I come from, a meat lovers is loaded. By the way, try the Bloody Mary. Amazing
BEST SUNDAY BRUNCH IN THE COUNTY Yup, all the other reviews are right. This is a great place. I don't know what took me so long to try it out. Four of us went in for Sunday brunch during "season" getting there around 9:15 and only had about a 10 minute wait. Two had the Crazy Mushroom Omelettes (portobello, shitake, button mushrooms & Yarlsberg Swiss cheese) with potatoes (but not the ubiquitous homefries, but rather like a potato pancake) & toast. My wife had the Traditional Benedict: poached eggs with Hollandaise sauce on a Thomas English muffin with Smithfield ham and grits, and I had the Filet & Eggs: a 6 ounce steak with scramblies, whole wheat toast & grits. Everything was absolutely perfect. They appear to use the very best ingredients here and it certainly pays off.
Comfort food that is exceptional. We just sent some friends there and they too raved about their meal. Any time we go, each meal ordered is DELICIOUS. You know how sometimes one or two meals are so-so and everyone else's meal is great? Well not at Crave because each dish is beyond good. And that's the way food should be--better than the way you'd make it yourself and worth the price. We love their chicken ANY way it is prepared, especially the chicken pot pie. Meatloaf is the best you'll ever have. Mac and cheese side dish is spectacular. And don't forget to order bread pudding for dessert. Best in the world!
What a find in the middle of Fort Myers.  Just passing through as I visited Sanibel and was looking for something to eat on the way back home.  This place had a pretty high rating and the menu looked interesting so we decided, why not? Omigoodness...why cant we have this place in Miami?  I think I could come here every week for breakfast, lunch or dinner and not be bored or disappointed.  Everything on the menu looked yummy and judging by the plates of those around me I really wanted to sample their dishes.   Cant choose between breakfast or lunch items?  Get them both with the Pork Chop and Eggs!  Pork chops are served over a biscuit and then the whole thing is SMOTHERED in sausage gravy!  Are you drooling yet ? - because I am, just remembering it.  This dish is also served with a potato pancake that is perfectly crisp and yum!  Did I mention that the porkchop is also perfectly seasoned and yummy on its own?  But with a bit of sausage gravy its just amazing. Banana nut crunch pancakes are pretty good as well.  Yummy banana flavor with a smattering of nuts.  The pancakes were also soft and fluffy.  Wash it all down with grovestand orange juice?  Sigh...no breakfast will be able to compete for a long time!
Went here for Sunday brunch, and I'd give it five stars just for the biscuits and gravy alone. But they steak was also pretty good, the coffee was great, the OJ was great, and the ambiance was nice. On my short trip to Florida, this was by far the best restaurant I ate at. One of the people I was eating with ordered the Pork Chop Special, what brought him pork chops covered with gravy, and biscuits on the side. That looked awesome, but it is limited supply, because they ran out of them. Great place for brunch in Ft. Myers.
Spectacular American bistro. They reinterpret American regional classics and deliver every time. The Shrimp & Grits are hauntingly addictive. Fabulous choice for breakfast, lunch and dinner. My only issue is what to order - it's one of the few restaurants I frequent where I'm trying indecisive on what to order each and every time. I've yet to try anything that wasn't excellent.
We walked in on a saturday night 15 minutes before they close and we were greeted very cheerful and professional. Ordered shrimp & grits and wife had a crab cake appetizer and their homemade chicken tenders and all was very good. Service was great ! Will definitely be going back.
I LOVE breakfast food and I used to be very loyal First Watch Bruncher, that is until I went to Crave! It was heaven! I have had the biscuits & gravy, various omelets and have never been disappointed. My most recent favorite item is the Banana Granola Nut Pancakes. I have had them enough times that I think I have perfected the recipe at home! For lunch or dinner I liked the meatloaf  & chicken pot pies - good old fashion food using fresh veggies - Thanks for not going cheap and using frozen veggies!
Thumbs up:  Split pea soup with carrots was the consistency of potage, and was served in a deep bowl with oyster crackers. Thumbs down: I was given a choice of "wilted" or "Southern" spinach salad.  The waitress met my puzzled look with the answer that "Southern" meant cold spinach.  On my own,  I could conjure the "wilted" version from happy culinary days before today.  So I threw in with "wilted." Instead of a vinaigrette heated with bacon drippings and drizzled over a toss of spinach, hard boiled egg, red onion, & bacon...Crave's version was kind of a hybrid breakfast.  Crave mixed bacon pieces with white onion and copious amounts of mushroom, giving me the impression on the first taste that this mixture soaked for a while in a bacon grease & water base before joining the spinach.  A bland, bland mess.   As for red onion - not here.  Instead of chopped hard boiled egg, there was an entire poached egg dropped on top of the greasy spinach.  One move with a fork, and the yolk flooded the bed of spinach.  omy.  I'm certain that there are huge fans of this recipe, otherwise Crave would not offer it.  For me, it was an unappetizing dish.
My family of five and my husband's parents unanimously agree that this was our favorite eating out experience from our week's vacation in Ft. Myers.  The food was excellent and the service was outstanding.  We will visit again!
The wait for food wasn't nearly as long as I thought it would be. Maybe it was just the food we ordered. The Mac and cheese was HUGE, you can split it with a friend or two.
The food is really good.  We have been here a few times and they do a nice job.  I don't care for the ambiance.  They need to expand to add a few more tables.
The tomatoe, greens and onion side salad. $5.00 for dinner is huge. The seafood gumbo is traditional New Orleans. Rice on the bottom loaded with endue sausage. Very spicy but very good. The vegetarian puff pastry was good. It was lacking something else on the plate. Tomato sauce and puff pastry. That was it. I ordered some grated parmigiana cheese and it helped but it needed something on the plate. Maybe a bunch of asparagus spears a veggie... something. The Whoop Whoop Chardonnay was excellent. $7.00 per glass. I dont like Oakey and this one fits the bill.  Its really worth a try. I would dress more business casual than Fla casual. I've been here three times now and I will say that the service is definitely lacking in quality and attitude. Each time we ordered food we had to wait a very long time to get our food.  I understand fresh cooked food takes a while but by the time we received our  dinner plate it took over an hour and it was room temperature not hot. If you read my reviews I like my food to come out steaming hot.  Fresh from the kitchen not from the heating lamps.  That to me is the mark of a good restaurant. I enjoyed the food and the prices were good, but I just cant get past the attitude of some of the staff members.  We had one of the young waiters and he was excellent, but the other 2 waiters were pretty much stuck on themselves. I saw them eating their dinner (or some plate of food) instead of checking back with us to see if we needed anything else for our warm plates of food that had come out of the kitchen  a few minuets prior.  And yes the waiter had forgotten to bring and item we had requested.. We wont be back.  Its a shame because they are close to home and have a good variety on their menue... 3 strikes. If you notice that I only have two check inns it would be due to Yelp being down one of the times I was there.
Best breakfast I've EVER had!  Their crab Benedict and pancakes are to die for!  Also- the strawberry orange mimosa's were so great!  Very cute little place and had a great server!  Can't wait to go back again!!
On our drive to Sarasota from the east coast I thought it would be nice to Yelp a delicious breakfast spot. This place had very high ratings and was about a 45 minute drive out of the way but we thought "hey, it's worth it". Unfortunately it was not really worth it. After waiting 40 minutes to be seated (it's a small place) we were finally given a nice booth. Our server was attentive but not really friendly. By now it was also lunch time so that was the route we took. My husband started with some onion rings and I had a side of Vermont Cheddar cheese grits. The onion rings were extremely greasy. My "cheese" grits were really just grits with a little bit of cheese sprinkled on top. Definitely not warranting the $1 price difference between plain grits and cheese grits. Being full from the starter, I opted for a cobb salad for my main meal. The bleu cheese dressing was very, very watery. I've never had dressing like that before and I can't say I liked it. The salad was big and good flavors but the bacon was overdone and almost cracked my teeth a few times. After much deep consideration, my husband chose the open faced thanksgiving sandwich. He thought this was the most delicious sounding option on the menu. He was very underwhelmed. He said the sandwich was lacking seasoning and flavor. The turkey was very dry. He reluctantly ate it. He also was hoping the sandwich came with house made chips, since that is what it says on the menu, but unfortunately those never came. Overall, it was not worth the effort of going out of the way to eat here. You win some, you lose some.
Have you been to place that you find harmony when you come to eat?  This is that place for breakfast!  The blueberry pancake is the best in Ft Myers (Better than First Watch).  Ask for the Orange Marmalade Jam, it blows your mind with real orange zest.  Coffee is always fresh too!  Try the sausage potato omlette...a real winner! Small place, but worth the wait.
Been several times...breakfast, lunch and dinner. Most times there is always a wait, which is quite normal if it is a good restaurant in Fort Myers, so I really don't know why people complain so much about that! Pancakes and bacon are awesome!!! French toast with the bananas were good, but not many bananas. Wings are suprisingly good. I ordered the pilgrim(not with gravy), but that is what I got. A couple of times we've been, we have gotten "Mariah Carey"...we don't know the servers name, but that is who she reminds us of. I know $1.00 for the gravy isn't gonna make or break anyone, but I don't eat gravy, so she really needs to pay attention. I ordered the Irish coffe and was asked if   I wanted the whip cream...then asked if I wanted the coffee??? Anyways, it is good food plain and simple and will def keep trying new things.
My wife and I have made Crave a regular stop for Sunday brunch. Being seated can be an issue as the dining area is small, two rows of booths and some tables in the middle. Never had a problem with the quantity or quality of the food here. I've had a few different omelets all were great. I really like their shrimp and grits, I think I've had them the last three times we've went. The biscuits are great, the potatoes, not so much, i prefer grits for a breakfast side.  Sometimes the staff can be short but it is a very busy spot, I wouldn't call them rude, rushed maybe.    They have a good selection of FL craft beer, and the mimosas are good too.
I have ate there 2 times in 2 weeks for breakfast. The food was very tasty and the portions were well sized. There are a lot of different options on the menu that you won't find at a chain restaurant. I love when reviewer compare the state where there from to this one and tell us how great it was there compared to here.  Well they can always go back there if it was so great.   I recommend that you ignore the reviews from angry people, who obviously have emotional issues and give this place a go.  I will be eating there again next week.
Friends had highly recommended Crave to me as a breakfast place, especially for their eggs Benedict and their $3 pancake.  I have only managed to make it there for lunch. Their extensive menu offers a refreshing change from all the fried foods so prevalent on the menus in fort myers - though they have plenty of that fare to tempt you. Crave has a menu board with a large selection of daily specials and their menu has a variety of entree size salads to choose from. I ordered a daily special - a house-made ground chicken patty which was served on lettuce leaves with tomato slices.  Very flavorful and moist. The service was great, with help in navigating the menu and bringing food and check quickly. Update- I took a return trip and had their highly recommended eggs Benedict. Meh. I will stick to their daily specials.
Have only gone for dinner and lunch, and I hear breakfast is the best time to go. So that should color the rest of my review... Lunch is a good experience. The atmosphere is quaint, and the service is friendly. The menu has lots of variants on "big a** stacker sandwich" if you're into that kind of thing. They seem to change specials up often, and place a lot of care into what is served. Dinner was a little more underwhelming-- it just doesn't feel like a dinner place. Also a bummer to see so many of the sandwiches removed between lunch and dinner. Since the place is so window-dependent for light, it gets a little too dim for comfort at night as well. Not a great beer selection, but its also not really that kind of place.
Absolutely Great Food and SERVICE! !! Fresh fabulous courteous and reasonably priced.
the best meal out we had all week while vacationing on Captiva--we stopped in for lunch/brunch on our way to the fort myers airport to go home.  awesome looking menu, busy with locals, lots of brunch cocktails too. My crab cake sandwich was pretty good, but I especially liked the remoulade, the lemony dressed side salad , and homemade chips. Husband had a spicy chicken omelette special that he loved.  Kids mac n cheese was buttery, not too messy, with cool spiral noodles---i think i ate more than my son. Staff very attentive. They could use more space!
Great place for casual dining but it also has the greatest breakfast menu bar none. Friendly staff and great service. This place can pack them in. Always busy and the food is always fresh. High quality comfort food. They are also opening a market next door  and I can't wait for that to happen. There aren't any good gourmet markets in the area. I definitely recommend Crave for the locals in Ft. Myers as well as those coming to escape the cold.
The meatloaf was so hot with steam, I burned the back of my mouth and could not enjoy it fully. Way too hot. I got the banana pudding to go but I didn't really care for it. Pretty runny.
Great soul food! Prices are kind of high, but the meals have lots of food, I've always taken some home for lunch the next day. Meals are heavy, but very very good! Chicken pot pie is amazing here. Great place for a hungry guy. Service is great, friendly servers and excellent specials.
Overpriced for what was on the table. Great menu (concept); reality was disappointing. Lobster mac and cheese--no lobster. I found shrimp and grits to be over salted. Biscuits are good. Staff=50/50...pretentiousness in a strip mall. Steak sandwich was full chewy.  Sad and disappointing. You still get three stars. Once you have eaten MREs, you have a different viewpoint of food.
Great place! Brunch menu was awesome as was everything we ordered. Staff is very friendly and attentive. Great mimosas!!!!!!!!!
tthis place was great. I had a veggie cravatilla it was fantastic. It was filled with broccoli, asparagus, mushrooms, sweet peppers, onions... It was amazing. There was a wait because the place is small only a few tables in the place but it was worth it. I also got a butter cresaunt which melted in my mouth the wait was about 30-45 minutes so don't go hungry.
This place is absolutely AMAZING!  I love coming here with friends on Sunday mornings!  The mimosas are great; I recommend getting it with the Sun Harvest juice!  Everything on the menu is excellect, though I love the Shrimp and Grits and seem to order it often! Highly recommended! TIP: Arrive early, around 10:30 or so a crowd can seem to gather and you may end of waiting a bit for a table, but definitely worth it!
Had the shrimp and grits, which were great! Way more food than I could eat, but my boyfriend had no trouble finishing the rest off for me..I'd say they're main downside is the size, they could definitely use an expansion!
Make sure your entire party is there, otherwise they won't seat you until they all arrive! It is tiny, maybe 20 tables total? But the service and food are FANTASTIC! Not only is the regular menu huge, but there's also a gigantic specials board. The servings are fairly large too AND you can order single pancakes - love. It's delicious and worth the trip.
Very unimpressive was my experience. They have three large tables down the center of the restaurant that they would not sit any parties of 5 or less at.  They tried to pressure our group of three and another to share a table.  I have no interest in being crammed into a table with three strangers.  What a joke to even suggest that. So the three of us wait 30 mins for a table while those tables sit empty. Great customer service there.   Ordered a diet Coke and it comes in a can.  That way no fountain free refills, they can charge you for every can. Total rip off. Ordered the signature Cravazilla and wanted it with no mushroom.  Sorry it is all pre made so no changes. Once again terrible customer service. I am sure with a little effort you could have made it and had a happy customer.  Now you have someone who will never come here again and will tell all their friends and family not to come here as well. Food was average, waitress was average at best and they overall customer service was terrible.
CRaVE has become one of our favorite restaurants. First thought was its located in a strip mall and must be your typical hole-in-the-wall. Boy was I was proved wrong! If you like good home cooking you'll like this place. If you like a somewhat large helping you'll like this place. I've never had a bad meal here. Always very delicious and the staff is very friendly.
What a great selection of food on the menu.  Perfect for us.  I had the crab benedict while my wife enjoyed the french toast with bananas and strawberries.  Both were cooked to perfection and delicious.  They have internet so I am writing this review at the restaurant while the flavors are fresh.  Don't be turned off by the strip mall location, the inside is quite pleasant and well decorated.
Third time we've been here and have to up til now have not been disappointed. Had the crabcake & spinach benedict,  delish! However, my husband had the seafood omlette which wasn't...seafood that is. 2 shrimp and 2 small pieces of crab. He'd had this before and it was loaded with seafood. The preparation was fine and the grits were great, but if you're running short on items, remove it from the menu. We will eat here again because the food is really good, however will probaby not repeat that order.
Little hole in the wall. Small inside but great food. Friendly people great prices. I only went there because of the great comments here on Yelp. I know this little strip mall forever but never tried out Crave. Check it out yourself - you will not be disappointed.
This location was very small but nicely decorated and clean. Service was friendly. I got the Irish salmon. The salmon was excellent. It had a very unique sweet taste. It was however a very organic meal so the rice and veggies were bland; no seasoning at all. The fruit was room temp and I personally don't like that. The wait time for food was a tad long also. I usually prefer to put my own food in a to go box but the waitress did it for us. I was disappointed when I opened the tiny box she gave me and all my food was mashed together and my veggies were missing. However when I got home I found them under my fruit :\ Don't get this place confused with the other Crave restaurants. I realized they weren't the same. This place is CRaVE and only exists in Ft. Myers.
Found this place on yelp and can't disagree with the great rating.  Was surprised it was in a strip mall, but was great.  The crave Benedict was delish and the pancakes were fluffy and cake like.  My only issue is I think service was slow and prices were a little high ($3.50 for a glass of milk)!
I had the tuna croissant, which was very tasty. The mac-n-cheese, well it didn't have much flavor, and was a bit over priced. My boyfriend had the shrimp and grits and said it was good - just a different version of shrimp and grits that he was accustomed to. The place is tiny, but we only had to wait about 10 minutes to sit. The food took long to come out - but I'd go back to try it again.
HOLY SMOKES.  Breakfast at Crave this morning started with great coffee...which is not always a guarantee for breakfast.  Slid right into large fresh squeezed OJ which was big and so sweet!  Next, I PUT A HURTING on the corned beef hash Eggs Benedict.  Let me tell you I am a serious hash elitist, and this was as good as it gets crispy and not CHOCKED FULL of peppers and onions.  I really hate hash that is ruined with big chunks of vegies.  This was potato/corned beef....exactly the way God intended it.  Wifey had french toast with grilled bananas and twas also super.  Can't wait to go back and have the mushroom omelet which looked pretty darn good.
We stopped in here after the Greek restaurant in the same plaza where we'd wanted to go was closed.   As my dh is a vegetarian, Crave looked like a good fallback choice as they had a number of vegetarian possibilities.   What we liked: The vegetable plate was terrific - choice of very well prepared vegetables.  I had the spinach with garlic which was absolutely fantastic, the crazy mushrooms which were also quite good and the Mac & cheese which was a update of the classic with a zesty cheese sauce.  My dh had the same vegetable plate with the broccoli, asparagus and Mac & cheese.   The less than wonderful: DH's broccoli was served plain, not au gratin as he thought with cheese,  the wedge salad I had was a bit plain for what this salad usually is (and yes, I know, iceberg lettuce is boring itself). We were somewhat entertained by our server's continual use of "we" which was a mite pretentious for a restaurant in a strip mall.   Also, there were oodles of empty booths when we walked in and the server seated us at the booth by the kitchen door.  But this provided a bit of entertainment in the long run as the wait staff do this calling out "walking in" and "walking out" through the drape covering  the door to prevent crashes. But, overall, the food was terrific, wonderfully well prepared and we walked away happy.
Very nice friendly place and the food was excellent . Worth trying out . I tried Shrimps and grits and it was one of the best I had in a long time , my wife tried one of the veggie omelette  and she loved it so as my boys tried the pancakes and bacon . We left full and happy also very reasonable in price .
First of all to Vince K., I am not an angry person! LOL My wife and I had breakfast at Crave yesterday.  She ordered the eggs benedict with hash and hash brown potatoes.  I ordered the seafood omelet and grits.  My wife's hash browns were "blackened".  There is no excuse for this.  Our server should not have brought them to our table.  She did politely replace them with cheese grits after we pointed out that they were overcooked.  The grits, which are flavored with cheese, were creamy and delicious.  Now to my entree.  The omelet was dry. It desperately needed cheese.  The seafood consisted of a few pieces of shrimp, some "scrids" of crab (no chunks at all), and some very tiny pieces of asparagus and mushroom.  The egg was simply folded over the ingredients and all fell out separately on the plate.  There was no flavor to this omelet.  To top it off, we were seated at a cafe height  table and, in order to save a few steps, our waitress continuously leaned dangerously over me and my plate to serve my wife.  Couple this  with a basic, definitely not classy, diner-like setting, and it all adds up to "not worth it".  We had tried Crave last winter and thought that it was just "so-so" but, based on the many favorable reviews, thought that we should give it another try.  The food, the service and the setting are definitely not worth the prices that they are charging.
I try to come here a few times a month. The food is outstanding across the board (breakfast, lunch and dinner), the coffee is good, and the service is prompt and courteous. Prices are very reasonable. Also, they use Sun Harvest orange juice in their mimosas - not to be missed! My only complaint is that there is often a (short) wait, especially during season, but it's definitely worth it.
Outstanding food, outstanding service, and great $5 Bloody Marys. I went here with my family on Mother's day and although the place was jammed packed with an hour wait at no time were we rushed to eat or make our selection from their outstanding eclectic brunch menu. This is a Jem of a find in Fort Myers, FL
The Mac and cheese and crab Mac and cheese were both amazing (didnt have both myself)! Super creamy and just utterly amazing. And the brownie, wow! just wow! anyway Gets four stars though for service. Our guy was super friendly but he wasn't very attentive. Either way, totally recommended.
Depressing strip mall storefront was overcome by high quality food. Got the fried chicken- awesome. Awesome loaded chips for appetizer. Awesome shrimp and grits. Friendly service. Definitely a top restaurant in the area, against lackluster competition.
Wow!  Very nice breakfast.  Terrific eclectic menu.  Watched all meals come out of kitchen and they all were hearty, bright and made my mouth water.  We ordered traditional eggs Benedict and white omelette with turkey tomato avocado bacon cheese.  Yummy!   Must come back and try bison burger!!   Good prices and if you need it... Bloody Mary looked good
I consider myself a biscuit and gravy critic. This place nailed it. Everything is homemade on location and truly made with love. I was one happpppppy camper after having my breakfast.
The twenty minute wait in the blazing heat outside of Crave to be seated and served was well worth it.  The service was superb, as they tend to have a very experienced and charismatic staff.   The menu is vast, and they always have copious amounts of specials.  There is no such thing as a mediocre meal in this establishment, although a few healthier options on the menu would be preferable.. The food is very rich and of a higher quality than the other "casual dining" restaurants in the area.
Fantastic breakfast and good, attentive service. The corned beef hash was the best I've ever had. Coffee was ok but not great, but that was the only minor quibble in an otherwise great meal.
Crave has the very best banana granola pancakes! The other breakfast items are delicious as well.
WOW!!!!!!!    WOW!!!!!!!  WOW!!!!!!  I really enjoy food, when a chef puts their heart, blood & sweat into a meal...not about how much money they can make on the meal BUT if they can put a smile on the customers face....THIS place is off the chain!!!!!! If U have any clue what a great meal can taste like then you will appreciate this place..I went for dinner & came back for brunch because it's that GOOD !!!!! there is not one person that works there that was not on point....crab dip is insane as is the meatloaf & chicken pot pie!!! as Arnie says : I'LL BE BACK !!!!
Nice place, good food. I had the warm brie salad to start and it was not very good (80% pastry and 20% brie with a salad that had barely any dressing composed of spring greens only). The fries are fresh and crispy, but the crab mac and cheese was watery and underseasoned. The others at my table had sandwiches which they thought were excellent, if not a bit oversized.
Can't believe this is my first time here ! Food and service were great - the only reason to bump it down to 4 stars is that I had to wait outside for a table...for lunch ! I think I'll wait until off-season to try this place again.
I found this restaurant on Yelp and had to try it the same day. I have to disagree with a few of the recent negative reviews. The person who said the shrimp and grits didn't have enough shrimp was way off. There's plenty of shrimp and this dish is as good, if not better, than the best restaurants in New Orleans and Charleston.  The grits are creamy and rich and the shrimp has a blackened style seasoning with great spice. My date had the baked brie. It was served in a flakey dough and surrounded with crisps for dipping and a delicious raspberry fruit sauce. Portions were large. We both took leftovers home. Great wine list. The servers were pleasant and very attentive. I was surprised by the decor, very rustic and stylish, and the small size of the dining room. The bathrooms as well as the entire restaurant were extremely clean. Everything looks brand new. Not the sort of place you would expect to find in an old Florida strip mall.
Crave has really cute decor. It's in a strip mall, but once you walk in the door it's nice inside. We visit here probably once a month for brunch. They're open later for brunch than most other places, but the food and drinks are worthwhile, too. The bloody mary is better than the mimosas here, though the OJ is great. I've had the crave-a-dilla, but the omelettes are my favorite. The grits are great, and they'll add cheese for cheese grits, if you prefer. My partner opts for French toast (it's a really large serving) or a pancake (also giant). We've never been disappointed. We've tried most of the brunch places in Fort Myers, and this is one of our favorites.
Excellent homemade food. Had the shrimp and grits - it was fabulously cheesy, the shrimp were well seasoned with Cajun spice, and it came with a buttery biscuit to soak up the broth. Also had a chocolate chip pancake which was delicious, couldn't help myself!
Came for dinner while in ft myers after reading reviews.  Menu was interesting. Server was annoying.  Loaded chips were missing a listed ingredient. Salads and entrees good. Presentation nice but we won't hurry back.
Great hole in the wall, unique take on ordinary dishes
Best breakfast place around
Have had many great breakfasts here since moving to Ft.myers. try the shrimp & grits with andouille sausage mixed in for an extra treat
Clean, fresh made, good food, it really does not get better then this.  You can tell they really care about what food they put out.  Which is not typical in the land of blue haired old ladys who eat dinner at 4pm.   This place stands out.  Clean, inviting seating, cool staff, and food that is so good you may poop  a little.
Outstanding!   Great food, fast friendly service!  We grazed on the Shrimp & Grits, the Gulf Coast Omelette, CraVe Potatoes, and Corned Beef Hash.  There was not a bite that wasn't absolutely delicious!  So, Ready, Go! Do not miss this one!  Looks like they are getting ready to expand too!
Crave speaks for itself.  Stop reading this review and go and look at all the amazing pictures of food people took.  I think photographing food originated at Crave.  I would go here every day if I could afford it.  I always get the Egg White Omelet and a Pancake.  Best Pancakes.  And Mimosas.
Cute little restaurant.  They have Woodchuck!  Great breakfast. Great service. I love it!
What a diamond in the rough.  I say so because it is located in an old strip mall, and you'd pass it 500 times without noticing.  Also, the front of the restaurant looks like a barbershop or something, but once inside you'll be pleasantly surprised.  The veggies used in the food are locally grown, in-season, and fresh as could be.  The breakfast choices looked delish and we had a hard time picking.  We ended up doing veggie eggs Benedict which were AMAZING, and the California Omelet which was also outstanding with fresh avocado.  The cook, who I was reading on the wall was not classically trained, but you could tell he knows what good food is.  By going the extra mile with prep and presentation, this business will flourish.  I'm only sad that we live in VA, far from Crave in Ft Myers, otherwise my wife and I would be regulars.
Great food and wonderful service
Good but not great. A happy stop on the way to the Edison/Ford Estates that played out much better than a random unresearched stop but also not as good as I'd say the reviews would suggest. We were seated right away at mid to late morning. The small restaurant is plainly but smartly decorated - simple but fun. Before noon there were breakfast, sandwich and salad offerings from the menu and many specials on the board. The single pancake tasted like a delicious yellow cake cooked in a pan served with real maple syrup. The burger looked good and came with fries. The coffee was 2.50 and decidely ok not worth 2.50. The cobb salad with double chicken for $12 was a great deal filled with lots of veggies and grilled chicken. The mushroom omelet was fine. Nothing wrong with it. Much like I would make at home on a good day. I expected something more nuanced but this is a diner though an updated one. It was unevenly salted which threw me off as I kept being concerned about getting another bite of salt. The service was good, everything as expected. Overall rounds up to 4 stars as the ingredients were all fresh and prepared well. I would definitely go back as there were many other interesting items on the menu that I would like to try.
Really loved this place!! Our new favorite for breakfast. Try the eggs Benedict. I had the traditional (ham) and it was phenomenal. Hubby had the steak omelet. Yum! Son had the pancakes off the kids menu. Big portion and very tasty.
Don't be fooled by the fact it is in a strip mall. BEST Corned beef hash I have had in ages and everyone else loved their meals. Excellent!!!
Amaazing! The crave eggs Benedict (steak and crab) is worth every dollar:) heavy pours on mimosas too and very very helpful staff.
Breakfast for lunch is always happy day for me and their menu of feel good food done very well has never disappointed. Small diner like feel,  great service and banana crunch pancakes at 1 pm - what could be better!
Hard to find if you use directions on iphone maps. In shopping center across from The Landings on McGregor.
We visited CRaVE last weekend and enjoyed a most succulent brunch. The Crab cake Benedict and Seafood omelet were both flat out AWESOME! The service was great and the short wait was worth it.  Heading back tomorrow for more!
Took my daughter to dinner (her 1st visit) and she is already looking forward to returning with friends. She noted how spotless and charming it is. She had the spinach salad that was loaded with fresh berries and grilled peach, kudos to toasted walnuts not laden with sugar. I convinced her to try shrimp and grits (my personal favorite) while I indulged in the special twin Maine lobster tails (&yes I shared-that what mom's do :-). Perfectly cooked and lightly breaded. Grilled asparagus still had a crunch. Shrimp and grits spiced like they are supposed to be. Finished with bread pudding that was not overly sweet with a light creamy sauce that each forkful was dragged through. Daughter happily left with the leftovers and vowed to meet for breakfast the following weekend. Side note-server was wonderful, just the right amount of attentiveness and sound recommendations.
First time here, great food and excellent service.
We went here for breakfast this morning and it was outstanding!  All of us enjoyed our meal.  It's difficult to make an omelet exciting so hats off to the chef.  We had the Gulf Coast omelet and one of the daily special omelets- feta cheese, spinach and kalamata olives.  It was amazing!!  The coffee was good and so was the service.
Fresh. Delicious. Homemade. The food is so good it will make you smack your mama. My mom was with me, and I was tempted to reach out and land a good one right upside her head, lol, but I ain't crazy! Colloquial Vernacular aside, I really enjoyed my meal at Crave, and the service was fantastic! I had blueberry pancakes with warm syrup, bacon and some of the best java! It's hard to mess breakfast up anywhere, but this breakfast was exceptional. Crave was a pleasant surprise, and I will go back!
I have never had anything here that wasn't delicious!  My husband and I frequently have breakfast here.  The specials on the chalkboard never disappoint!!
Very cool little spot we stopped in for lunch I had the turkey pilgrim and my wife had the portobella sandwich!   Very good place!  We live over on the east coast and wanted to try something other than the ussual chain junk.  Found the recomendations on yelp and enjoyed fully.  Wish we had a place like this closer to where we live
In an area filled with "so-so" restaurants, Crave really stands out. The service has been consistently great, and the food, well, simply amazing. Their ingredients are top-notch and really contribute to the overall quality. I usually order the steak omelette or the Crave Benedict; I have yet to be disappointed. Additionally, the seafood items are stellar: Irish Salmon & Eggs, Gulf Coast omelette, etc. Bottom line: a diamond in the rough of Fort Myers.
Awesome food. Really quaint atmosphere. Ate Shrimp and Grits, Chicken Pot Pie and Filet Mignon. All were awesome. Can't wait to go back again, especially for breakfast.
Craveadilla was delish, as well as the biscuits and gravy! Average cost is around $8 a plate. Great freshly cooked meal. I would have given it 5 stars but the place is a little cramped for my taste.
Passing through Fort Myers we found this place in a down-market shopping center and we were so glad we did.  The food was terrific in every way, and the place was so low key.  If Crave were in my neighborhood, I'd be there twice a week.
