I was quite suprised how beautiful the decor was after walking through this small strip mall parking lot. It looked like it should be on the cover of southern living, not a detail missed!! I have to get up quite early (6ish) so I am usually walking into lunch right when they unlock the doors at 11. This day was no different. I was sat right away and had the whole place to myself until I left. Needless to say my service was great, but what else did they have to do. Haha         I ordered the lunch chicken pot pie, side of mac and cheese - collared greens and I could not resist adding a lunch portion of shrimp and grits. The pot pie had big chunks of carrots and potatoes in it and was topped by off with a beautiful puff pastry.They hit the side of mac and cheese in the broiler for a minute or two which made the top nice and crispy. It made all the diffence than just scooping it and sending it.           As for the shrimp and grits, hands down best I've ever had. I think I have found my southern cooking soul mate. Mmmmmm!!!
Yes, the door is unlocked. Pull harder. =) After lunch, I'm imagining the following scenario taking place: "A chicken sammage shore do sound good... Prollum is, I gots no bread! All I gots is waffle batter... hmmmm, I wonder...." I've spent a lot of time in the south, and this was the first time I've had chicken and waffles. If you've never tried it before, you DO want to. It's good, it's sweet, it's savory. The chicken was perfectly battered and fried - juicy and not greasy at all. Waffles were perfectly done as well - fluffy and hot. The syrup was a great sweet addition, but wasn't too sweet. All the flavors and consistencies worked together perfectly. All this for $8 and change. The decor inside the restaurant was beautiful. The service was fast and friendly. The kitchen was open, which to me means they're not hiding anything. This was my first time at Fancy's, and my first time enjoying chicken and waffles. It won't be my last time for either. If able, they would get a 4.5 from me.
Fun fact- the further south you go in Florida, the further "north" you go, culturally. Fancy's captures the unique part of Fort Myers that contradicts this ideology. The decor is old Florida at its best- part elegant Southern Living, part quintessential cracker. I love the vintage photos of Fort Myers and the interior design. The food and beverage stays true to the comfort and charm of the south, too - quality ingredients and presentation, a thorough and thoughtful wine list and an exceptional attention to craft beer.  It is typically southern but to the nines. I recommend the fried grits or fried green tomato appetizers, the fried chicken, the shrimp and grits  or the cat fish entree, the étouffée, the Mac and cheese... I could go on. This is the place to celebrate a milestone, impress a date, have a business lunch, enjoy happy hour in the bar or treat someone to a special meal.
Loved it!I had the meatloaf my husband chicken &waffles friends had frog legs and ribs,cheese grits....we had a party of 14 so we were able to try quit a few items and  we all thoroughly enjoyed it.we were all stuffed the portions are generous however we still made room for dessert banana pudding and strawberry shortcake and very good espresso.I was immediately impressed with the Decor but the food and the friendly service made it perfect.
Holy Shit. I usually hate caucasian southern food but, GOD DAMN. This place is wonderful and all the servers have big old souther booties to match with the big ol' meals. I had shrimp and grits and it was like I could taste the confederacy again.
This place was incredible. So so so good. The chicken and waffles had the most incredible buttercream sauce on It. The place it's self is so cool, very rustic. I wish I still lived in ft myers I would go here all the time.
Well it's not that busy. We ordered food at 7:05. It's 7;55 and no food yet. They have lost 4 customers.  The owner is out and evidently they don't have a back up manager. No cakes today. So no desert either. The music is nice but so damn loud I can't talk to the people next to me.  They started  35 mins late.
What a great hidden gem. The shrimp and grits are outstanding. The shrimp is blackened and the sauce mixed with the grits is so delicious. My wife loved her entree as well - grilled cheese and tomato soup. Only reason this great place doesn't get 5 stars is because our server rushed us the bill without asking if we wanted dessert and the place was nearly empty too. Strange. The service was sluggish but friendly. If food quality and a tasty meal is what you are looking for - give this place a try and expect slower service.
Amazing southern food!! First time to Fancy's and the staff was wonderful and personable but the food was even better. The strawberry walnut house salad, Mac and cheese, meatloaf and sweet potato fries dipped in the buttermilk sauce were just some of my favorites!!
Didn't actually get to frequent this location because when I called and inquired about a Mother's Day Menu the girl who answered was clueless and told me she would call me back even though she never took down my name or number to return our call. Needless to say they never called back. I have heard mixed things about this place but unfortunately I will probably not venture in anytime soon. A word of advice make sure you have someone knowledgeable about your establishment and menu when answering the phone and or advertise holiday specials and hours on your website.
Food is great. Fried green tomatoes are excellent. Food is made to order, you'll have to wait. Not a place to go if you have a tight schedule. Service is sketchy. Would give them a five star rating if they can prove their operational processes.
I LOVE FANCY'S!!! The moment you walk into Fancy's you are transported to another city. I felt like I was in New Orleans or Nashville. The decor is great and so is their bar! What a great extension to this small restaurant. I highly recommend the chicken and waffles or even the fried chicken. The sides are great too! Got to try the spicy coleslaw . It definitely adds a kick to the normal slaw. I've tried almost everything on the menu and I love every dish. The only thing I was not too keen of were the frog legs. Even though they didn't make my top favorite dishes at Fancy's, It didn't ruin my experience. I would recommend making reservations because the place is small and fills up fast!
The Chicken and Waffles are truly AMAZING (and huge!!) The dinner portion has 3 waffles and two chicken breasts topped with addicting buttermilk syrup. The one thing I didn't like the first time was that they serve it with a LOT of syrup already on there which made it almost a little too sweet and it gets soggy towards the end (or if you take it home for leftover like me). I definitely recommend ordering with the syrup on the side! They serve dinner all day on the weekends, so it seems a little pricey for a Saturday lunch, but it pretty much serves as breakfast and lunch because you get a ton of food! Decor looks like the went a little too pinterest crazy. I know some people are fans, but it seems like just a liiittle too much to me. Still a nice spot for a weekend lunch/brunch.
Try it all! Delicious! Never disappoint!
Love love love this restaurant!  I eat there frequently and would definitely recommend the following :  For lunch try- chicken salad sandwich (I get it on toast instead of the croissant) the BLT with the southern twist, sweet potato fries, the tomato bisque and the deviled eggs.  For dinner- the chicken and waffles, the ribeye steak (AMAZING!!!) and the ribs.  I am getting hungry just thinking about it.  They also started having live music there a few nights a week and that is pretty nice in the lounge area.  Its nice to have this restaurant here and it's a great escape from all of the chain restaurants.
This place is so cozy, I almost don't want To recommend it - just keep it to ourselves!  The bar area is beautifully decorated and it's easy to spend hours with friends here. The beer and wine selection is great, but they don't have the full liquor license. I haven't had too much to eat because I'm gluten intolerant- but what I have tried was good. The owner is well versed in what is gluten free which makes me feel comfortable in ordering. Lovely place, bring some friends!
Wow, hidden gem!  We came on recommendation from friends and now feel like we owe them dinner.  Finally took the opportunity to try chicken and waffles and it was amazing! Hubby had shrimp and grits and loved it too.  Atmosphere is out of this town for sure.  Live music, comfortable bar with great friendly service.
I stopped here on my way to Tampa for an early dinner with my boyfriend and it was delicious ! I religiously use Yelp to make sure I'm going to like the restaurant considering I'm a picky eater and this place was perfect. The ambiance is lovely and decor is to die for: very country yet in a "fancy" manner. The staff is very welcoming and attentive. As an appetizer we ordered the fried green tomatoes which were yummy but not like OMG IM OBSESSED. The main dishes, however, knocked me off my seat ! I ordered the meatloaf entree with my two fixins being macaroni and cheese and smashed potatoes with gravy. My boyfriend got the naked ribs with honey and BBQ on the side and as fixins, the macaroni and cheese as well and the sweet potato soufflé. Everything was delicious and the fixins were definitely the best I have ever had. I will definitely come back again when I am on my way to Tampa.
I absolutely loved this place.  The country fried steak was amazing and the fried green tomatoes were excellent.  The decor is unique and homey.  The service was excellent.  I can't wait to come back and try more items on the menu!
I like this place but they need to get a bigger menu with more options. I feel like there is not enough to chose from. I'd like to go here more but need more variety!
My husband and I came here for our anniversary on Saturday night and wow, it was so good! We had the fried okra to start, delicious.  My husband had the chicken and waffles and absolutely raved about them.  I had steak which also came with 2 sides so I chose mashed potatoes and mac and cheese, my steak was out of this world!!!  I always request rare and here, they actually aren't afraid to make sure it's rare.  The sides were excellent also.   The portions were very big, my husband brought half of his home and I made it through about 1/3 of my steak.  We heated everything up later that night for round two, still tasted just as good:) The decor is very appealing, waiter was attentive and friendly but we will make reservations next time as they only seating they had left was by the exit.  We definitely plan on going back!
Really great place. I would give 4 1/2 stars if I could. Fancy's is located in a nice shopping center off Daniels, and has lovely decor inside that is both rustic and pretty. I also like the semi-open kitchen. For an appetizer I tried the fried okra which came with a nice aioli with lots of horseradish in it. For my entree I ordered the pimento cheeseburger and a side of mac & cheese. The burger was cooked perfectly medium rare and had lots of great flavor. I also liked the bbq mayo that was served on the side. The only thing I didn't love was the mac & cheese. It wasn't bad by any means, I just couldn't quite put my finger on what wasn't awesome about it. I will definitely be back to try that delicious looking fried chicken, and also the shrimp and grits! As I was leaving I noticed a sign advertising Fancy's happy hour - I would also return to have a cocktail on the lounge side of the restaurant. Good job Fancy's!
Great decor. The chicken and waffles were good, I think. First time I've ever had chicken-n-waffles. My wife had the chicken pot pie, with sweet potato soufflé and mac-n-cheese. A nice find as we were headed to the airport. The locals are lucky to have this place!
Amazing. Simply one if the best dining experiences I've ever had. We had a large party of 18, service was wonderful. The food, WOW. Owner Matthew was so inspiring to talk to. I can't say enough about the food, ambiance and service. If yelp allowed me, I would give Fancy's 6 stars. Do not miss this gem if you are in Fort Myers.
Found this place on my way from Southwest Airport.  It's probably about a minute or two or so away from it. This place only serves lunch and dinner.   Overall the place has a nice decor; however, I was a little disappointed that there wasn't outdoor seating for eating.  The bar area looks pretty nice too! For our entrees, we tried the Chicken & Waffles and Chicken Pot Pie with a side of Mac & Cheese and Sweet Potato Souffle.   In terms of the Chicken & Waffles, the presentation was awesome and came accented with tiny pieces of sweet potato crisps.  The chicken was nice and crispy but was just a tad bit dry and lacked traditional southern flavor/seasoning.  The waffles were just ok...nothing special!  Undoubtedly the best part of the meal was Butternut syrup, which was exceptional!  Probably the best syrup I've tasted.   Overall, I'd say if you tasted chicken and waffles before at a really good place, then you probably won't be impressed; however, if it's your first time trying the dish, you'd be tempted to try it again! In terms of the Chicken Pot Pie, it came with big chunks of chicken and a nice fluffy pastry but overall it lacked flavor.   The Mac & Cheese was decent but the sweet potato souffle left more to be desired. Service was really good. Overall I'd rate this place 3.5 stars but since its Yelp I have to decide between 3 or 4 stars lol!
Awesome fried chicken - moist and delicious.  Unbelievable shrimp and grits and the fried green tomatoes were to die for.  Will definitely be back.....shhhh...
Amazing!!!!! Country Fried Steak, Chicken and Waffle and Pork Ribs!!!! To die for!! They just need to stop running out of food! I speak to the owner after their issue of food running out of food and he tells me that no worries we got you and when I ask the waiters what is happening to my food after an hour of waiting, she no idea what is happening, she comes and tells me he has left the building and their is some miscommunication going on. I am extremely upset about how this situation was handle by the owner!
Such a cute wooden barn type feel with the rustic decorations and mason jar chandeliers. The service is beyond friendly. Everything we tried was really good home style cooking. The crab cakes and fried green tomatoes were crispy and delicious in the sauce it came in. The chicken pot pie came with the crust on top which was flakey and buttery. The chicken was so moist and the gravy wasn't too salty. The chicken fried steak was popular at our table. The must have dish is the chicken and waffles. So so good. The syrup is caramel-y and it's just a perfect mixture in your mouth. All of the sides were decent, cheese grits, mac n cheese... the best was the spicy coleslaw and I'd avoid the fries (cold and soggy). Plates are about $15-$20/pp and drinks are about $4-8/pp.
You gotta eat here!  We were just passing through and decided to stop based on the yelp reviews.  We started with the fried green tomatoes. Very tasty.  We both got the fried half chicken because we wanted different sides. He got collard greens and the cheesy grits. He's from Texas and claims they are the best collard greens he's ever had. I got the smashed potatoes and green beans. They were good. But, next time is try something different. The fried chicken was amazing. Moist and tasty We saw the chicken waffles. They looked like a work of art. Most of the desserts were gone by the time we were ready but there was some red velvet cake that was scrumptious.  The owner stopped by our table and was so nice.  Loved the decor, too!
After waiting over 30 minutes for a table we were seated & forgotten. When the server finally came back he took our order & disappeared for 10 minutes after promising crayons to a 4 year old. We waited 45 minutes for food which came out in 8 installments (4 in our party).  Nothing was worth the price paid.
We were in search of chicken and waffles and really enjoyed them here.  They came out topped with sweet potato crunchies and the most amazing syrup ever.  Chicken was lightly battered and fried, salty and flavorful, and moist inside. Our waiter was pretty good.  My boyfriend asked if he could substitute some dark pieces of chicken (which was listed just one item below on the menu) rather than the breast, and the waiter reported the kitchen is highly against modifying the plates.  We weren't asked if we'd like refills on coffee or mimosas until we were done eating and ready to leave.  Other than that, service was pleasant and pretty effecient.   I think we would definitely return to try some of the other food.
Just had lunch at Fancy's after requesting suggestions for fried chicken.  Great meal, thanks for the tip!  There was a party of 40 people trickling in when we arrived at about 12:30 on a Saturday afternoon, and another smaller group of 10 in the bar.  We assume this caused the somewhat bumpy initial service, but things smoothed out once the large group had placed their orders.   We sat in the front of the restaurant side, right across from the kitchen, so we could see all the orders coming out.  The chicken & waffles looked like a Lego structure and the husband vows to order it next time.  Today we both ordered fried chicken, and we both found it delicious.  Super crispy on the outside, very hot and juicy inside, perfectly cooked and nicely seasoned, no grease at all.  Of the four sides we ordered the favorite was the sweet potato souffle which was fluffy and very sweet with candied nuts, followed by the coleslaw with its great texture and spicy kick.  The mac & cheese was OK in flavor but could have been hotter, and the smashed potatoes & gravy arrived sans gravy.   We also shared an order of etouffee to start.  It was very mildly spicy and loaded with  crawfish, andouille, peppers and onions in a nice red roux, but it too could have been served hotter.   Our waitress, and all the waitstaff, were helping each other out so we had to wait a bit and there was confusion when drinks and food were delivered to us and surrounding tables.  This was OK with us because the hostess mentioned the large party when we arrived, and because the staff was aware and constantly apologetic.  Plus we enjoyed talking with all our neighbors while we waited.   Portions were very generous (I brought home my entire chicken breast and leftovers of both side dishes) and for the price, the fried chicken meal is a good value.  Nice interior decor; ladies' room was a little messy (and a one-seater, really?) probably due to the large group but overall the place was tidy and the staff took care to clean the tables thoroughly when diners left.   We will return to Fancy's!
This is a real traditional souther cuisine that has high end touch of gourmet. Really nice wait staff along with prompt service. Really love this place.
Tentative 3 stars. Maybe if we go back we will give it more stars. The place honestly weirded us out in good and bad ways. The stuff that's on the menu doesn't match the decor, but the quality of the food does. It's truly a fancy southern cuisine place. The food was certainly good and even flavorful but something seemed to be missing. It's odd, because I can tell the food was of the utmost quality. We couldn't put our finger on it. I had the fried chicken and my wife started with the chicken and waffles but she stopped eating it because she wanted to try the meatloaf instead. Again, something we couldn't figure out but it just wasn't hitting the spot. She didn't ask to be comped, she just wanted to take the chicken and waffles home instead. With that said, the meatloaf sandwich was better but could have used more sauce. Which brings us to another point, our server seemed to be a lot more helpful to the people next to us for whatever reason. They were all guys, so maybe he felt more comfortable with them or maybe something else, who knows. But with them, he recommended them extra sauce for their meatloaf sandwich, but not us. Strange. We've never been there before but it didn't look like he was too interested in helping us decide what we would like (unlike with the table next to us, he volunteered all kinds of information to them and helping them feel comfortable), seemed like he was more interested in getting us to order something, anything - but in his defense he did it while not sounding pushy. So the service aspect was also a little weird. And again, to his defense, he wasn't rude or anything. It just seemed like he saved his best for the guys at the other table and gave US his 40%. In all, I don't know if I particularly care for this style of restaurant. If the intention was to make southern cuisine loving people feel like they're not at their dinner table and that they might be under dressed for the occasion, they've certainly have accomplished it. It was honestly such an odd experience that we may have to come back to try to figure out the mystery of why it was so odd. Maybe we / they were having an off day?
Let me just say that if you're a wait-person and a patron orders a glass of wine, twice, and you correct his pronunciation of this wine, twice, you'd better be RIGHT about your correction or you're going to look like a total yahoo. Which you did. Twice. The pours were stingy, too. That being said. This is ok, not great, southern food. Shrimp and Grits is a sort of my litmus test for this cuisine and Fancy's could've done a few things better. The prize, of course, is the shrimp. If you're  going to serve six to an order on a pile of cornmeal, they'd better be big shrimp and they'd better be great shrimp. They were neither and the $21 price tag for the dish made me think more about Fancy's bloated profit margins than what was in my mouth. Second, the grits. They don't need to be cheesy. Buttery, yes. I might go for andouille sausage instead of crunchy bacon bits. To know what I'm talking about take a hike up I75 and order the same dish at Owen's Fish Camp in Sarasota. $16. That's what I'm talking about. The place looks nice though. Nice room to sit in. Surprising for its strip mall location. The service, aside from the aforementioned, was attentive and polite.
By the way, the appetizers are so great' .....deviled eggs, frog legs, fried okra, fried green tomatoes.....need I say more?!
Oh Fancy! You absolutely take my fancy. Came here for the first time on a Sunday night and was at first impressed with the cool brick and door/window inspired decor. I also appreciated how all the staff thanked us for visiting as soon as we walked in-a preview of what would turn out to be a great experience. Salad and tomato soup starters were delicious but entrees were the stars. They had just run out of country fried steak, so I was disappointed there but the chicken pot pie was a pretty stellar second choice. My favorite part? The peas were still crisp! No mushy all rolled into one mess here-just creamy freshness all around. He got the fried chicken, well seasoned and cooked to perfection. Be warned, this was pretty salty so take that into consideration if you're a person who is sensitive to salt. Still, this was delicious and the menu isn't lying when it says half a chicken! All in all, great experience at Fancy's and we will definitely be back again with friends and family in tow.
First visit to Fancy's and it was very good.  We had the frog legs as an appetizer and they were cooked very well. Followed up with ribs and fried chicken as entrees. Sides included sweet potato soufflé, greens beans and mashed potatoes. Prices are very reasonable. We will return.  The only reason it wasn't rated a five is the fact there was a constant stream of kitchen help parading from some back area to the kitchen throughout the entire visit. They were hauling dishes, ice, supplies and who knows what else. Without exaggeration they made easily 25 trips past our table.  This needs to change because it was annoying.
I am a grits snob, but these guys do it right! Absolutely delicious in the most gorgeous atmosphere! If you are a craft beer hound, you cannot miss fancy's! Support your local businesses and enjoy a unique experience. The servers are engaging, and knowledgable. Order the fried green tomatoes, chicken and waffles, and don't miss the shrimp and grits! The dining room is quaint, but the bar is simply gorgeous!
Went to meet and old buddy! Staff was friendly, very accommodating. Mid week so light crowd, but busy enough. Enjoyed Blackened Shrimp with Cheese Grits and the Ham Au Jus. Well seasoned, and grits were very good. Fried Green Tomatoes were fried nicely, and plump. Generous serving could share with two. Draft beers were delicious. Homemade Pecan pie and Espresso were awesome.
We are sorry to say from a guest service perspective and we felt dupped. It is a very enjoyable place however what happened to us was strange and it was the owner himself that made us feel that way. We came in through a social invite from a friend, we're first time guest. We went into bar, was presented with a full menu, and proceeded to order a $70 bottle of wine to go along with our meal. We ordered appetizer, Green Fried Tomato's and they were excellent. Shortly thereafter we were ready to order dinner. Throughout the time we were there we saw Chicken and Waffles come out, Chicken Pot Pie, and a couple of other things. I asked the owner Matt to come over because I wanted to ask him what a go to meal might be since first time in. He starting going through menu items, we were salivating at this point and gleaming with interest and then he ends it with "but you cannot order a meal in the bar"! Our interest went from hero to zero. We had come for live entertainment, kidless, and been presented with a full menu. We were told kitchen too small to accommodate both dining room and bar. The problem is Matt's business plan includes playing both sides of the fence. When dining room not busy he then serves food in bar, but when busy, it's a nope. Interesting, a neighbor guest had just shared with me that he tried to get friends to go but they said "we wanted to like the place" but said they had bad experience with owner and would not return. That is the way we felt. Basically we were offered a opportunity to put our name in and wait 45 minutes or so but that was not our initial intent and no one ever bothered to warn us early. So we left without a meal. Matt may be enjoying success to a level now with that business plan but long term he will struggle. As a business man in SW Florida,  I have seen restaurants come and go. I left Matt my number and asked that he call me some day to discuss how we felt. Hopefully he will. So as for a food review, we will most likely never know, we were not afforded that opportunity. I think there is a very simple solution, simply have a bar menu and not tease guest with a full menu and explain up front that no meals are served in bar. Problem is...that plan won't work long term and be successful. We are avid guests, dine out a lot, and completely saturated in the SW Florida community. I hope I can provide an update soon saying he called and simply listened to a guest concerns. Please respond Matt.
To avoid the rain in Clearwater, we headed south to Ft. Myers Beach. No planning involved, so I yelped places to eat. My hubby and I are always looking for somewhere to go with good food AND good beer (craft beer, that is). You may be skeptical when you pull into the parking lot (as we were), but I believe you'll be pleasantly surprised!  Our server Carlos was great. Based on the suggestions of fellow yelpers, I had a salad and chicken potpie, which was REALLY good. But the best thing for me was the Mac & Cheese--it was out of this world!!!  The hubby said the chicken & waffles were the best he's ever had!!!  Enjoyed the spicy cole slaw, too. Oh, and while his initial selection of Sculpin IPA wasn't available (just ran out), the other two craft selections were very enjoyable!!  If you get a chance, you should definitely give this place a try!!!
The owner waited on our table.  I loved hearing his story about starting the restaurant and all the success he is having.  It is such a great story-ask to hear it! My parents and I ordered: Bottle of wine fried green tomatoes-tasty Dad- chicken and waffles- huge, so yummy and great presentation Mom- The catfish-when we go back-I am ordering this entree Me- the chicken pot pie- very tasty, loved the big flaky crust Sides: Mac and Cheese, spicy cole slaw, and sweet potato soufle Im so excited they are doing so well and they are expanding to have a waiting room with beers and wines.  Cant wait for my next trip to Ft. Myers.  this is my new favorite! PS- The decor----loved everything from the walls, to the doors hanging to the mason jar light fixture.  You can tell the owner put so much blood sweat and tears into this restaurant! Congrats
I came here with a group of six at around 7:30pm.  Being raised and fed in the North, I had a difficult time deciding what to get on the menu (the restaurant was not my choice).  Our drinks (Fancy's does not serve hard liquor) and food took much longer to arrive than I expected, since the restaurant was not particularly busy.  I ended up getting the chicken pot pie.  It was tasty, but not something I would ever yearn to go back and have again.  Our server was terrible, unfriendly and not at all attentive.  We explained that we were there for a birthday and no fanfare at all was made.  We actually had to ask the server who ended up delivering our food (while the birthday girl was in the restroom) if he could bring a piece of cake or something.  They forgot the cake and our bills arrived.  We had to go ask them again after our checks arrived to please bring the cake (which was, admittedly, delicious).  Not impressed at all.  It does look very lovely inside, and the front door greeter was very friendly.  I am not likely to return.
Incredible chicken and waffles, homemade buttermilk syrup was a treat. Husband ordered the shrimp po boy with Mac and cheese- also good (but not outstanding). Excellent upscale southern atmosphere; great, friendly service.
STILL PRETTY GOOD We've been here several times and it seems that it is now always busy. Clearly it has been "discovered." Sadly, they are suffering a bit from all of this. The waitstaff has become breezy and impersonal. Anxious to turn the table. Having said all that, this is still the best chicken around. Don't even think of ordering anything else, especially the meatloaf. Food - 4 STARS Service - 3 STARS Location - 3 STARS Ambiance/Decor - 5 STARS Noise level - high
A little disappointed at first when we walked in and they were out of the boiled peanuts and fried okra, but when the meal came, it made up for everything. I had the country-fried steak with sweet potato souffle and mac-n-cheese. Absolute perfection. I've had the chicken and waffles before, and the home made syrup is hands down the best you will ever have. It's seriously like crack it's so addicting.
For once Yelp let us down.  We were down from Tampa for the day and were looking for some good local food before we headed back, and based on the reviews this sounded like a winner.  And we were sorely disappointed.   Our first impression as we walked in was the smell of a dirty bar.  As our host led us to our table my feet were sticking to the floor like I was in a Fat Tuesday's during Mardi Gras. Not so fancy.   But we walked by the kitchen and the aroma was yummy, so we kept going.  We were sat and at the time the restaurant was fairly empty, but was full by the time we left.  The bar funk smell lingered the rest of dinner.   The tables are very close together, it is a small restaurant, but so close that my tiny daughter couldn't squeeze through the 2 tables to go to the restroom.  And the terrazzo floors, though pretty, make for a noisy place. The menu looked absolutely delicious and it was hard to choose but we decided on  Chicken and Waffles, Fried Chicken, Shrimp and Grits and a burger for my son.  The chicken and waffles are impressive, but drowned in syrup, the waffles were a mushy mess and the chicken was very dried out and bland.  The fried chicken was extremely salty, but the cole slaw had a nice kick.  The shrimp and grits were tasty, but for $19 I was expecting a decent portion of good sized shrimp, not the 8 little ones and the giant portion of grits I got.  The burger, with "home cut fries" for $10 was maybe a third of a pound, and the fries were most definitely NOT home cut, and were most definitely frozen. The decor is cute and a bit fancy, but when there is a plunger and an old toilet bowl brush in the restroom, and no hot water, well, it's just not Fancy.
had chicken and waffles...not sure what the fuss is about.  mediocre waffles that were soggy and had little flavor.  Fried chicken was lacking flavor, like it had not been brined and dried before frying.  The waffles were likely wilted by the hot chicken being placed on them.  Nothing was greasy, so that was an accomplishment I guess.   Loved the creative decor...mason jars transforming the formerly Italian chandelier and drawer and door fronts creating a wall collage...no doubt from a failed builder or kitchen remodeller.  I'll give them style points.
Thanks, fellow Yelper John D, for alerting me to this wonderful place.  Sorry my first visit wasn't with you guys! But after a particularly draining day involving emotionally charged, personal errands, I ventured in here mid-afternoon for some comfort food.  It's bountiful here.  I loved the catfish, and opted for collard greens and the house's mac n' cheese.  Just in case the downcast mood returned, I ordered a slice of key lime pie to take home.   Service was friendly and fine, even at the odd hour.
Had just gotten off a ridiculous flight to Ft. Meyers and needed something other than your typical strip mall fare and found this on Yelp. Gotta say that it deserves the 5 stars I'm giving it. Slightly off the beaten path but not hard to get to by any means. We got there at around 3 and had the bar to ourselves. Decor is awesome, not what you'd expect in Ft. Meyers. Bartender (Jared, I think) was super accommodating and knowledgeable. We got the deviled eggs with pimento and I had the pimento burger as well. Both were done perfectly. Washed it down with a couple of unique beers and was more than ready for our 3+ hour trip north. Would definitely recommend it to anyone, especially weary travelers who want good unique food, great craft beer and nice environment that's definitely different from the typical stuff you find in the area.
I really wanted to love this place...we ordered frog legs, fried cheese grits and deviled eggs for the table. Since I am a super picky Eater I did not try them, but everyone raved about them. Every bite was devoured. For entrées we ordered chicken and waffles,  chicken pot pie, fried catfish, and chicken fried steak. Portions were huge, everyone enjoyed their dish except for mine (chicken and waffles) the chicken was so over cooked and tough I could not cut it with a steak knife, even drenched in their maple syrup it was impossible to eat. The first two waffle were bearable,  but those too were burnt. I ended up leaving hungry with an upset stomach.  One other person from our table (Ordered chicken fried steak) also left with an upset stomach and spent the rest of the night running to the bathroom.  So disappointed!
I just fell in love with this place when I pulled up!!!!! Great vibe, food and drinks. Place looks absolutely beautiful inside and out. I'm so glad I stopped in here not once, twice but now on several occasions. These two brothers definitely know what they are doing!!!! Keep it up
I could do without the deer trophies in the bar area. Other than said trophies the ambience is really nice! Country chic, rustic and very cozy. We sat at the bar. The bartender was very sweet, but someone should show her how to pour a proper pint. Good beer selection and seemed to have a decent wine selection. Plenty of mouthwatering options on the menu. I highly suggest the fried green tomatoes. The meatloaf with collard greens and smashed potatoes are perfect! My hubbs had the chicken and waffles and it was delicious but said it seems like more of a breakfast meal. We will be taking mum there next weekend, I look forward to trying the fried okra.
New to Fort Myers.  Went out with a group of 4 for my birthday and the restaurant accommodated our party with no reservation on a Friday night.  Food was very yummy.  Service was great.  The pot pie was very flaky and delicious.  Food was appropriately seasoned.
Had the chicken and waffles, amazing! Waitress was a lil over bearing but the food was great.
What a delightful little place, definitely going back! Started at the bar with some beers - noticed they carried Fort Myers Brews (what could be better). Later had dinner in the dining room - tried the frog legs (taste like river chicken - dipped in the best honey sauce ever concocted.) Had the Pot Roast on suggestion and was not disappointed. Lovely homemade tastes! Portions were big, plenty to take back, went home feeling more stuffed than the deer hanging out on the wall.
We were looking for something unique in Fort Myers and were craving some good Southern cooking.  Fancy's did not disappoint.  The Et Toufee was excellent - rich and complex with just enough spice, but not so much to set your mouth on fire. The meatloaf was moist and well seasoned.  The sweet potato fries seemed a little bland on their own but with the honey dip, they were perfect.  The cheese grits were deliciously cheesy and a great texture.  The fried chicken had a thin, crispy coating that was perfectly cooked.  The chicken meat itself was pretty moist.  The collard greens were well prepared, chopped small and served in a flavorful broth.  I prefer a little more smoky meat taste for my collards, but these were good.  The only real disappointment was the mac n cheese.  It was in a watery sauce and topped with browned cheese on top.  The crunch cheese only underscored how not cheesy the pasta underneath was. Overall, a very pleasant dining experience.  My only complaint was the salt level of the food.  I am very sensitive to too much salt, but Southern cooking runs salty so I can't fault them for living up to the genre. Also, my guy had no problem with the salt level, so it may have just been me.  On a high note, our server kept my glass full of plenty of good "Yankee" iced tea.
When I saw online that a southern cuisine restaurant was opening and I was positively stoked. In my opinion, this town was in desperate need of just this type of restaurant. Fancy's fulfilled and exceeded all my expectations. I went with two friends so we got to try three different entrees. We started with the deep fried cheese grits that came with  sweet but hot sauce. They were delicious. Perfectly cooked, daintly crisp on the outside and creamy, cheesy grits on the inside. For dinner we had the chicken and waffles (hands down the most amazing thing there), chicken fried steak with smashed potatoes and gravy and the (6 cheese) mac n cheese (portions are huge, see pics), and the shrimp and grits (a super amped up version of the southern staple). Our server was busy, yet attentive. We had the keylime pie and red velvet cake for dessert.   The chicken and waffles were my favorite. They came stacked with sweet potato hay and a knife shoved through the top--super gangster style. The homemade syrup that accompanies this delicacy isn't too sweet. The chicken, waffles, syrup and sweet potato flavors all compliment each other. I always worried about this dish being too sweet or too breakfasty, but Fancy's does it right. The chicken fried steak was HUGE. At least two meals could come out of that. I don't usually like chicken fried steak, because I don't usually have it at Fancy's. The breading was crisp but the steak inside was tender. The smashed potatoes and gravy were great as was the mac n cheese. The shrimp and grits was good too. The shrimp seasoning was spicy and there's a red ham sauce that they put on top which is a nice new twist on the old classic. I think I ate too much of my companions dishes to really enjoy this as much as I could have. The decor of the inside is amazing as well. Those guys did a seriously amazing job on this place. There's reclaimed wood and a really cool chandelier. I could tell the owner's really put their hearts and souls into this place. Also while waiting outside we met one of the owner's wife. She was super kind and down to Earth and so grateful we were there. How can you not love that?!  I can't wait to go back and work my way through the entire menu.
Chicken and Waffles changed my life.
Really, really good. Went for lunch with a group of friends. We got frog legs, deviled eggs and spare ribs for appetizers- no complaints, really great sauces, and well executed food. I did think the frog legs or spare ribs needed anything extra, so it was a real dilemma since the sauces were so good. Lunch party had: chicken salad sandwich, one of the soups, chicken and waffles, shrimp and grits. Everyone shared because everything was dynamite. I would ask for either less syrup or syrup on the side next time, because it was very sweet and I was avoiding it by the end. I really hope the poor location doesn't hold them back. The decor is lovely and the service was great. In the running for new favorite place in SWFL.
Great food, excellent atmosphere! Rustic, country setting. We got there when they opened at 11am on Saturday, no breakfast menu, but the lunch was tasty! Around $12+ a plate, the portions are large! I recommend the meatloaf and the cheese grits, so good!!
I have been to Fancy's several times now and have enjoyed my experience each time.  The "southern" food is presented in a nouveau way.  The result is fabulous!  Great place!  Decor is eclectic but fresh and innovative, mostly done with salvage items repurposed.  Love the place!
Owning a food truck in Indianapolis and being a foodie went to Fancy's . I had never experienced Southern Authentic Food, and I have lived in Fort Myers Fl for 8 years. I am so happy I was exposed to Fancy's the owners have put their heart and soul into this place and the food is excellent. I had their ribs, southern sweet potatoes, spicy slaw. Prepare yourselves SW Fl. You now have an authentic southern restaurant to dine at. Thanks guys we will be back, keep up good work I know it's the hardest work you will ever do.   Beth Dahlke Molly's Great Chicago Fire
These Yankees really enjoyed this Southern fare. We had the fried green tomatoes, chicken and waffles,  and fried cheese grits,  accompanied by two IPAs. The fried green tomatoes and chicken and waffles were were delicious, although the chicken was a tad dry.  The grits were also good but we regretted them fried. It was hard to appreciate the grits amidst the cornmeal. Beautifully decorated restaurant and great microbrew selection. Highly recommend.
Decor is eclectic and fun (w/the exception of the animal heads in the bar). Was looking forward to my daughters recommendation of the Fried Chicken and opted instead for the Chicken and Waffles (she ordered her beloved fried chicken with mac & cheese and sweet potato soufflé ). I have had chicken and waffles in NYC where they originated and on the West Coast...maybe because I've had them perfect before, it was a bit disappointing. Presentation is a "wow" since the waffles and fried breast is piled high with a steak knife running through w/ a scattering of sweet potato shoestrings. The syrup was already poured over meal so after a few bites it became cloyingly sweet. Waffles were ok. Tasted the fried chicken and it tasted as if it was brined in salt water overnight. The mac and cheese were bland. Sweet potato soufflé tasted like my southern family makes on Thanksgiving...with burned mini-marshmallows on top. It's an ok place...not bad, not great. They will fare well in town with their large portions.
We heard about this place that had great southern-style food and had to check it out. The restaurant is hidden off of Daniels, in the back of a small shopping center - we never would have seen it and thought to check it out. They have awesome decor, very rustic chic, with mismatched chandeliers, an old Singer sewing machine as a hostess table, etc... The menu is great, lots of appetizers and entrees, a few sandwiches and salads, and beer/wine. We had the etouffee, which had a nice kick to it, the chicken and waffles (the best we've ever had and a HUGE portion), and the meatloaf sandwich (really good and I recommend adding bacon!). Overall a huge win, it was amazing and you cannot leave there without feeling full and satiated! We will definitely be back with visitors and friends!
This place is so good, I returned two more times while in Fort Myers for a week. I really enjoy southern food and always try to visit local cafes when I visit the South. I was plesantly surprised to find such good southern cooking way down in southern Florida. Fried Green Tomatoes, Fried Chicken, catfish, key lime pie, banana pudding, and every side dish I tried was delicioius. The portions are quite large and the staff was very helpful. I  highly recommend this cafe to anyone who loves southern food. I had no problem finding the cafe with GPS, without it I probably would have gotten lost.
I don't know southern food very well, but holy cow! I was blown away by how spectacular the food was! The price was a little steep, but I think considering how much food we got and how good the food was it out weighs the price. The place had a very welcoming atmosphere, it felt very southern.
Awesome food. Chicken and biscuits were huge and amazing. Whatever the use to make their syrup is awesome! Fried grits were a little tasteless but the sauce was good. Service was really slow and it took them forever to cook the food but the food made up for it!
This place is terrific! Friendly service, beautiful atmosphere, great drinks, and absolutely delicious food! The Chicken and Waffles were decadent and beautifully presented, and the fried sweet potato strings on top were the perfect touch. The ribs were amazing--fall-off-the-bone tender and perfectly smoked and seasoned. Definitely one of the best spots in Florida for upscale Southern cuisine--wish they had a location in my hometown! The only drawback is that they don't serve their lunch menu on the weekends, which I find a wee bit greedy. But that's a minor complaint: the staff is great, and the food walks a perfect line between authentic/just-like-Grandmama-made and innovative/forward-thinking. I want a gallon of their honey hot sauce to put on pretty much every meal.
We've been going regularly since they opened.  Tried almost everything on the menu and they're all delicious.  What a blessed place to eat!
We had heard they added a bar where the old Meatballs Deli was located next door. We walked in around 7:30 the bar was basically empty. We asked if we could eat at the bar and the bartender told us we could only order appetizers. We asked to see the menu he gave us the regular Fancy's menu and proceeded to tell us what we could not order. We then told him we would go to the dining room. He said there was a 20 minute wait. We then said we were leaving. He stated "you won't get in anywhere w/o a 20 minute wait IT IS SEASON".  We live here year round for 15 years we know it is season but also know by 8PM you can pretty much get in anywhere. We went to Oragami's.  So we will wait to go back "after season". But hope the bar changes to accommodating the entire menu.
One of the best shrimp & cheesy grits dishes I've ever had abd I tend to order them whenever it's on the menu of any restaurant I visit.  I really love the decor, farmhouse chic.  It's easy to miss this place because it's in the back of a two-story professional bldg but once you find it, it's so worth the hunt.
Went again to check out the new bar area. Very nice! The thing that really impresses me was the craft beer selection. It was really great. And each time a keg goes out, a new beer replaces it. Never the same thing. For a person who really enjoys craft beer, this was a wonderful delight. We ended up staying for dinner. I had the special if the night. Sea Bass. It was excellent! The sauces, rice, and asparagus that accompanied it were all perfectly done as well. Love this place!
LOVED the chicken and waffles! It was amazing!
As part-time Fort Myers residents, We visit Fancy's whenever we are in town and were glad to return tonight.  It has been a while. The food again was very good.  My wife had the crab cakes with greens and spicy slaw, and I tackled the liver and onions with smashed potatoes & gravy and green beans.  A bit of comfort food!  My wife thinks the beans are too salty, me, just right -- southern cooked but still with a crunch.  Liver was tasty and tender; probably could have used a few more onions, but that's for next time.   Service was attentive and comprehensive.  Wine list continues to improve, and the new bar waiting area is our kind of place to go have a glass of wine and unwind without getting run over with noise!  Planning on a return visit, very soon.
Fancy's does very well with some sides and garnishes, otherwise it offers what seem to be industrially produced, somewhat bland southern style foods. Collard greens are outstanding. Coleslaw has a nice hot kick.  Chicken pot pie had large chunks of moist chicken meat, but the white sauce was flavorless and a square of puff pastry was set loosely on top. In my book, an excellent pot pie is aromatic and requires a sealed lid of flakey biscuit.  Perhaps my hopes were too high, based on the stellar reviews on yelp and elsewhere.
After nearly a year in Ft Myers I only had 2 restaurants I really liked. Now I have three! Truly comforting southern -but add gourmet- food. Subtle, never overwhelming flavors from the étouffée to the light batter on the Southern fried steak. The Mac n cheese had the right tang and the black eyed peas were fresh. The sweet potato soufflé was the piece d resistance. And all this for a very reasonable lunch price!
Genre for rating: Southern, casual SWFL is truly lacking southern cuisine, so I was thrilled to here about this relatively new addition.  It did not disappoint.  Southern cuisine can get pull great tastes from greasy mixes, but this was not the case with Fancy's. All of the menu options I came across were tastefully done, and surprisingly not too greasy or over the top with flare.  Highly recommended. Food: **** Service: **** Atmosphere: *** What I got: fried chicken, Mac and cheese, green beans
Awesome food. Southern style at its best! One of the few really good local places in fort Myers. a must try!
Love this place! Southern food at it's finest!
This place is classy, casual, and delicious!!! The chicken is obviously very good as well as anything else on the menu. Like any other exceptional southern restaurant the sweet tea is to die for!
This place is quite a gem! My family and I were driving through and found this place via Yelp. My husband was pleased and so was I. I ordered the catfish with the sweet potato soufflé and cheddar grits. Oh my was it yummy! My husband ordered the shrimp with cheddar grits. That was delicious!!! He ate every single bite. For dessert we had the red velvet cake and triple chocolate cake. All gone in a matter of minutes. My kids devoured the chocolate cake. Our server was super helpful and nice. The owner (I think he was the owner) came and asked us how everything tasted and talked with us for a while. Really made us feel welcome...true southern hospitality. He said that all the desserts were made from scratch by himself,  his mom and his wife. Truly tasted homemade with love!  We are from California and will definitely be returning when we visit Florida again. We love Fancy's!
Very good overall. The service, food, and decor are all excellent. Everything is tasty - the home made buttermilk syrup is really outstanding. A few notes: etouffee was more of a gumbo - reduced too far and became too salty; cheddar grits are okay, but not spectacular. And please add some more vegetarian options.  I like to bring friends & family and they are left with pretty much two choices - grits or plain waffles - so we don't come as often. I could convince more people to come if there were creative entree salads (grilled peaches), a tomato / onion tart, a sweet potato hash with eggs, etc. Or if there was a full liquor bar with fresh mint juleps...
I really enjoyed the ambience and the server was attentive. I ordered the chicken and waffles. The chicken was great, but the waffles had a strange taste to them. It was almost like there was something on the grill. Overall very satisfied, though. I'd give it another try.
this contnues to be an excellent venue for food but promised no greater than 45 minute wait is approaching 2 hours. Clearly some mgmt intervention in customer service would benefit their long term success
On my last day in Fort Myers I found Fancy's Southern Cafe. I arrived for a late lucnh and was kindly greeted my the hostess and was seated directly across from the open kitchen. The atmosphere is beautiful and comforting. I started with a nice cold pecan beer and fried green tomatos. Both were wonderful. For my main I ordered the fried chicken with mac and cheese and fries. Everything was very good and very fresh. I would highly recommend the food to anyone looking for high quality Southern food. While my experience with the food was wonderful, my overall experience could be improved. Seated about 6 feet from kitchen I was able to see and overhear everything going on in the kitchen and was less than pleased. I overheard many of the kitchen staff complaining about each other. I also whitnessed some health/cleanliness issues which I found concerning. The gentleman that others referred to as "Chef" was shelling and eating boiled peanuts behind the line (this involved touching his fingers to his mouth), playing with his cell phone (think about all of the things YOUR cell phone come in contact with) and then proceeded to touch food and dinnerware that was being sent to tables. Another gentleman that was preparing my food was wearing gloves, but was also handling his cell phone then touching food. If you are handling food, eating behind the line and using cell phones should be unacceptable. When I'm eating I don't want to hear personal conversations and complaining from the kitchen or any other staff. The hostess wound up being my server and she was very friendly and overall wonderful. I would rate the food and atmosphere 10 stars if it were an option, but the carlessness in food handling and lack of professionalism make it hard for me to rate the experience more than I did. Hopefully the owner is able to resolve these issues. If so, they truly have a gem of a restaurant.
A great find and best option on the way to Sanibel from RSW Airport! Stopped in for a late lunch -- fried chicken and waffles worth the wait. Southern hospitality of the staff was most accommodating after a long day of traveling.
Great chicken and waffles!! Also a great decor. Highly recommend it - will come back to try other dishes for sure!
This place is AMAZING! My husband and I love every item on the menu! The owner is extremely friendly and will spend the time talking to you about his success and his plans on expanding. If you are looking for great atmosphere and wonderful food look not further!
Great food, great decor and reasonable pricing. What's there not to like! Skip on the appetizer unless you're starving, the portions are sizable. I had the chicken and waffles and couldn't be happier with the odd combo.
The food here is good, but the service and attitude of management all the way up to the owner ruined the rest if the experience. There was a miscommunication on our bill and the server, manager and owner all refused to correct it. You have lost this customer and those we share our experience over $6.50.  This is sadly not a place we'll return to.
Pretty cool place with AWESOME food! I grew up in South FL, so this basically the types of foods I grew up eating. They do a very good job, everything I've eaten tasted great! The food portions are a lot bigger than most other restaurants as well. The only downside I see is the size of the place. It's a little small, so it doesn't accommodate a lot of people. When the northerner's are here, you better order food to go!
Great place to grab lunch near the airport.  The fried chicken = awesome.  Chicken and waffles = awesome.  We even enjoyed the flavored boiled peanuts.  I also liked the atmosphere, which felt a bit more Savannah than south Florida (but, remember, you are still in a strip mall, not a Savannah square!).  All in all, an easy place to recommend.
Everything is made fresh and excellent quality. Shrimp and grits were superb. I had fried green tomatoes as an appetizer. They were in desperate need of salt, but good nonetheless. Definitely worth trying if you are in the area.
The food is exceptional.  The chicken & waffles is great as well as the pot roast. Have been twice and the only reason for 4 and not 5 stars is the wait.  Hostess told us 45 minutes for each visit, but the 45 minutes takes an hour and 45 minutes.  They need to have a better handle on their time estimates.
I have had the Shrimp and Grits and the Catfish, and both are well executed. They place seems to cater to an older crowd so the flavors seem a little toned down for general appeal.
JUNE 1, 2013...... THIS WAS OUR FIRST TIME TO FANCY'S..... I Had the Fried Chicken....Mac & Cheese....Sweet Potato Fries.... Excellent.......My husband had the Ribs....Sweet Pot Soufflé ...and Collard Greens....also excellent......the atmosphere was very nice.... And our server  Ryan was great.....it was a very good experience.... And we will go back again......Fort Myers, Florida
The Owners are local brothers that have given heart and soul to Fancy's! The decor is absolutely amazing and most of it salvaged and repurposed. Food was even better!!! I've been there 4 times and it's consistently delicious! Ribs fall off the bone, fried green tomatoes are perfectly executed, delicious homemade gravy on fresh mashed pototoes and best of all CHICKEN & WAFFLES - freshly made from scratch, including the sauce that tastes like a dessert. I love hot sauce and the Owner did tease me about its addition to his creation, but it made the dish. Peacan beer at night is a nice accompanyment to any delicious meal. A diamond in the rough!
Good quality of food. Im from the deep south, so my expectations are pretty high for southern food. Didn't have many options as far as lunch/brunch. Decent service, got really busy & server took a while to bring check. Overall, would def come back & try the chicken and waffles
Had lunch on a Sat. Ordered meatloaf and fried chicken.  Chicken tasted like a tv dinner (do they still make those?  This could have been in the freezer for a long time). Smashed potatoes tasted like instant mashed potatoes.  Gravy on top was very canned tasting. Meatloaf was okay.  Green beans were quite delicious. That's not enough to get us back there. Service was good and people in kitchen seemed diligent in their work.  Wish it tasted better.
This is a great little restaurant, wonderfully decorated and had excellent ambience.  We had 6 people in our lunch party.  The hostess was very polite and we were seated promptly upon our arrival.  The tables began to fill up with hungry patrons very quickly after we were sat.  The food came out about 30 minutes after we had placed our order.  Being only open for a short while this was understandable.   We ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes as an appetizer and my entrée was the Chicken and Waffles. The others in our party ordered the Fried Steak and the Shrimp and Grits.  I was able to sample all of the above and was pleasantly surprised at how good everything was.  The only thing I noticed was that the salt content was a bit high in the breading for the chicken and fried steak.  Other than that I think it was a very good experience overall.  We will be back to try some of the other tasty dishes in the near future.
Food is spectacular. Try the chicken and waffles! Service was underwhelming.
Friendly staff, excellent food!!   Be prepared to eat as the portions are generous.  The Waffle & Chicken dinner is the best I've ever tasted!!   The Chicken Pot Pie was very good & full of flavor.  I Highly recommend this restaurant!!
It was a bad day to go here.  Large groups, staff was rushed, chicken was undercooked, and service was very slow.  Slower than normal.  Probably wont be going back.  On the way out, saw several people had burnt food on plates.
The best food I've eaten in a long time. Our party of 5 tried 5 different entrees, including ribs, ribeye, chicken pot pie, liver and fried chicken. All of them were delicious!! Dessert was the perfect ending to an amazing meal. I'll definitely be back.
It had been a year since my wife's mother passed away so I took to Fancy's for dinner.  She was curious about the chicken waffles (due to great reviews) and I had to try the frog legs and ribs.  No disappointment ... the food was tasty, hot and well presented.  Moreover, our service was prompt and friendly!  Wonderful country decor and an open viewing clean kitchen.  It is a dining experience, well worth our visit!  Dave & Val
I absolutely love southern food so when I found out a southern restaurant was opening I was very excited. My husband and I stopped by a couple weeks after they first opened without reservations but since the wait was too long, we decided to come back another time. The anticipation was killing me, so finally we made reservations and came back. The restaurant inside is beautifully decorated and the hostess was warm and friendly. Our server suggested the fried green tomatoes for the appetizer and it was a little disappointing. The dressing that it was served with was good but the breading on the tomato was limp, not crispy. My husband ordered chicken and waffles and I ordered the chicken fried steak with mac n cheese. The waffles were soggy, not crisp like what you would expect from a freshly made waffle and the chicken breast was soggy that was drenced with syrup. I really liked the breading on my fried steak, it was flavorful and crisp. But the steak itself was dry and stringy. My mac n cheese was just okay. Lastly we ordered banana pudding, it was too sweet with very little bananas. It was really unfortunate, we really want to like this place and was so excited that this was here in fort myers.
Thanks to yelp we found this southern gem 2 miles from Red Sox spring training arena. The fried chicken,Mac and cheese,and cat fish were all delicious. We were there early and place was already packed. I recommend making reservations if you do not want to wait. We will be back next year!
Visiting friends in Fort Myers and being a Vegan it is hard to find a common place to eat at but this is a Great place with some great High End Southern Cooking!!  I Love fried green tomatoes and this place does them the best! they are not greasy or over done, they are Just right with just the right amount of flavor and coating on them!! my friends got the shrimp poe boy and the fried steak, they both loved them both! I had the sweet potato soufflé as a side and it was amazing! they each had different sides one had the grits with cheeses and said it was great and creamy as well as the spicy slaw and he liked that too!, the other had the mac and cheese and she loved it and said it was nice and creamy, we all left full but not feeling sickly full! it was a great dinning experience and we will be going back again before I fly back home for sure!! If you love Good Southern Cooking this is a Must Stop for you!!
Awesome food and service! Conversation is difficult because the noise level is high. So... Go there for the food!
I can't give this place more stars or I would.  The pictures do not do the place justice.  The ambiance is romantic and comfortable.  This place is a true treasure and our new favorite place.  The craft bear is fantastic.  The food is excellent.  It's a Pinterest dream In this place.  I really can't even begin to explain how great this place is.   WOW.  Not sure we're the negative reviews came from but it wasn't from this place.!!!!
"Pretty good food, love the decorating. Chicken & waffles were great, crawfish po'boy was so-so, banana pudding was awesome. Will be going back to try shrimp & grits which looked great."
