Fantastic place! Recommend it to anyone who wants a great salad for lunch. Fast and great portion size with friendly servers, could definitely see myself coming her 2 or 3 times a week if I lived near by, location is hard to find but worth the search. Get the crab cakes!!!
Super nice atmosphere... food great, service quite attentive. Stop reading and come here.
You won't go astray fulfilling your appetite at this fine establishment. Amazing service! Remember the TV show Cheers... by the time you leave you will feel like Norm. Great job ladies! The food is solid and delicious. You won't be disappointed. Great menu selections. Will definitely return. Should be on your don't miss list. Enjoy!
Truly fantastic! Nice small home feel restaurant with food that is obviously prepared with care and time. We had lunch and the service was quick, the good was hot and the dessert was to die for! We had a spiced rum cake with HOMEMADE cinnamon ice cream, where can you find homemade ice cream? Ugh that was reason enough to go back! Yummmm
Fabulous! Off the beaten path little mom and pop restaurant. The chef husband creates a different theme each month so there is always something new to try. The wife waits tables and is very attentive. The seafood is incredible. I like the butternut squash bisque for a starter. The Aegean style swordfish is presented over clams, spinach, artichokes, in a lemon garlic sauce. The roasted polenta cake has caramelized red peppers, onions, and I can't remember what else but I loved it. can't remember what the desserts are, but they are big enough to share with four people, and delicious. I look forward to this restaurant every time I go to Fort Myers.
I can honestly say this was the best meal I've ever had. Went with a group of 8 adults and 2 babies while vacationing in the area. The ladies serving and hostessing (Jean and Nada) were FANTASTIC. They were knowledgeable, personable, and pushed our already-pleasant evening over the top. Our drinks were always full, the babies were well-tended, and our group was kept laughing. These ladies are absolutely delightful. The menu was presented in a well-organized and detailed manner. Enough dishes for everyone to choose and be pleased, but not so many that we were overwhelmed. Chef David also does a monthly theme for the specials menu, which is very cool. July's theme is Bastille Day, including vichysoisse and steak au poivre, among other things. After much deliberation, I ended up ordering the forest mushroom risotto and a crock of the French onion soup. The group also got three appetizers: petite crab cakes, tomato mozzarella, and crab-stuffed mushrooms. The mushroom appetizer was killer. (I'm trying not to repeat words like 'wonderful' and 'delightful' too many times, but it's hard. It was THAT good.) We were served fresh rolls and butter with the apps, and I didn't know if I was going to be able to make it to the soup course, after all the delirium brought on by the appetizers! But then the soup came.. and disappeared. Heaven! The cheese was melty, the soup oniony, salty and beefy. And I thought I was full... And then, the risotto. I'm an atheist. This risotto was the closest I've come to a religious experience. I honestly had tears welling up due to the immense enjoyment of the risotto. Boyfriend got the tuna casino, and it looked good, but I only had eyes for my risotto, so I didn't even try it. I was like Gollum, and the risotto was the One Ring... And then came the dessert menu. At this point, I thought there was no way I could eat another morsel of food, especially after my near-death risotto experience. And then Jean told us about the creme brulee of the day... banana rum. Oh ****. (Insert word of choice here... let's pretend that says 'Oh muffins!' for the young and/or easily offended.) On a serious review note, the prices here are AWESOME for the quality. I have had meals that were $100+ for two people, and I've never eaten anything near as delicious. The check for two of us (Boyfriend and I!) came out around $50 before tip for: 1 iced tea, 1 tomato-mozz appetizer, tuna casino entree, upcharge for crock of french onion soup ($2 extra), forest mushroom risotto ($13. Seriously.), and the banana rum creme brulee. I think we may have tipped 25-30 percent. Yeah. Worth it. If you're within a 5 hour radius of Fort Myers, and you love food, make a pilgrimage to Kenwood Lane Grill. I know I'll be back next year!
HIDDEN GEM You will never find this place unless you go looking for it. It is worth seeking out, however. We thought our dinners were of quite a high quality. We started with complementary fresh from the oven dinner rolls, followed by the Taste Platter of stuffed mushrooms, shrimp & potato pancakes. Then the homemade soup & salad with special dressing. For our entree we had the Stuffed Shrimp with veggies & twice baked potato and the Wiener Schnitzel with red cabbage and spaetzels. Everything was absolutely delicious, but of course we ordered way too much food, so we took a good bit of it home for the next day. Yummy. Food - 4 1/2 STARS Service - 5 STARS Location - 3 STARS Ambiance - 3 STARS
My family and I came here after a long day of traveling. We went early, around 5:15, and surprisingly, the place was empty. The menu specials were fantastic- the macadamia nut mahi mahi was delicious and the stuffed shrimp had excellent stuffing. They had awesome twice baked potatoes.  The soups were phenomenal- go for the mushroom or the French onion soup! Unfortunately we were too stuffed for dessert but they all sounded decadent. Definitely will go back again! Keep an eye out for this restaurant- it's well worth the search.
Found The Kenwood grille by accident,but what a find! The onion soup amazing, the stuffed shrimp(crabmeat and lobster sauce, was superb.The salmon poached to perfection-soft,moist,wonderful. Really fresh local veggies,great home made biscuits, glasses kept filled. Do upgrade to the onion soup for another $2 !Bill for 2=$44.... .A really first class meal served by owner Jean. We will be back in 2 days for the Bastille day menu(served all July) Adrian and Esther Rose
The last time I ate here was in 1995.  It's a different place now, but really glad we stopped in.  The atmosphere is very casual, but the food is definitely prepared by a chef and on a much higher level than someone could find at a nice chain. Their sign says "eat well" and that really fits how we felt after our meal.  The staff was very attentive and food was excellent.  If the chef ever offered classes, I would be first to sign up.  Some of the items I tried left me thinking gee.... how could something so simple taste to good? I enjoyed the fresh split pea and smoked ham soup and the stuffed shrimp in lobster sauce was very satisfying.
This is a small but beautifully decorated restaurant.  One of the owners, Jean, is an aspiring interior decorator and she has done a great job here.  The restaurant is hard to find but well worth the effort.  It is a stone's throw from the Office Depot at the corner of Rt 41 & College Parkway.  I had the salmon & Israeli herb couscous and it was excellent.
Excellent place- went here on yelp's recommendation and was very pleased. Everything here seemed to be made with care the service was great and the prices were low for the quality that they gave.
I have never been disappointed in any aspect of eating here.  Jean is a delight, the food selection is inspired, and the food itself is absolutely delicious.  Have not been here for lunch but dinner service is prompt and somehow they succeed in creating a simultaneously high class but also relaxed atmosphere.
I found this restaurant accidently by searching tripadvisor on my phone.  I had never heard of it even though I'm local, so we tried it for a date night.  I'm SO glad we did, and even more happy that we decided to do an early movie BEFORE dining so we could thouroughly enjoy the meal.  The owners and staff are so friendly...it's really an unusual experience.  You are treated wonderfully, and really personal service. I debated between two soups, so Jean just brought out three sample cups of all to help decide.  My steak was cut entirely with a fork.  Seriously.  My husband ordered the meat pie off the colonial menu and is still talking about it two days later.   And the apple cobbler is to die for.  I am almost bummed that this was on the monthly menu, as I would order it every single time!  And I never get dessert! I returned two days later (today) to try lunch with my mom.  We both had burgers (freshly ground beef daily) and they were wonderful.  The homemade chips were great as well.   This is my new favorite place in town.  Reasonable prices, wonderful food, and really laid back atmosphere.  Great combo!
Sweet and quaint, casual eatery. Chef prepares the Risotto per order-nice to see someone here do that! October menu included an Oktoberfest selection. Though I didn't have any issues with my meal, it didn't make me want to run back for more. Reminds me more of a lunch place.
Great lunch, not your normal chain fare. Innovative sandwiches,burgers and salads.
Simply wonderful! I had the Roasted Garlic with Goat Cheese burger. The meat was so fresh and the burger was amazing.
My Wife had read your reviews and decided to give it a try while passing through Fort Myers. Do not let the very humble location and ambiance fool you. The food was dynamite. Simply put it's gourmet home cooking. Fresh, fresh, fresh. We loved our plates while envious of our neighbors. Staff, was very personable, and lots of fun.
Wow! The food is amazing, all meats and breads are made in house. Servings are large and I'm a big eater. Nada was our server - very excited to serve you and knows the menu well. She has been working with Chef David for 27 years and they certainly know what they are doing. No beer, no fountain sodas (all canned Coca Cola). Highly recommend you eat here - lunch was fantastic, I'm sure dinner is too!
This restaurant does everything right. Homemade soups and pastas, they grind the meat for their burgers daily, on site. They brine their own corned beef. The menu is diverse with excellent choices from salads, to sandwiches, to entrees, to desserts, all home-made. Chef David, and his wife Jean, make the dining atmosphere fun and pleasant. The wait staff is always friendly. Avoid the chains and come here and have a great meal.
Nothing to write home about for sure.  On the good side - the rolls the chef makes from scratch - DELICIOUS!  Food was fresh and freshly prepared...nothing premade - love that part.  Other than that, pretty average.  Can't find anything really good, and nothing was really bad.  But if this is the best Fort Myers has to offer, then what a shame for Fort Myers - because there's no way this is 5 star...no matter how many times the wait staff reminds me of the chef's background.
My, my, that was good. Definitely worth coming back again. Great menu, delicious and well-prepared food, and attentive, but not overly solicitous service.
What a wonderful little hole in the wall. I have been in the area for business and I was lucky to find this place on yelp. The food is fantastic. You can tell everything is made in house. I've had the mahi mahi as well as their chicken entree and both were fantastic. The service is great as well - very friendly. My coworkers and I will definitely continue to make this a regular stop for dinner when we're in the area.
Awesome burgers and homemade potato chips. The staff is super friendly. Restaurant is very unique inside and is never super busy, which is great for when I go in for lunch.
Best restaurant in Fort Myers. Love this place! The waitress is animated and fun, the food is great! Service is customer oriented.
Came here my first week in Fort Myers and now try to visit once a month.  The chef (who makes some INCREDIBLE food) picks a different theme every month and creates special menu items to go along with it.  As I said, the food is amazing!  And Jean will make you feel right at home and take care of you while you're here.  This place is full of charm, and any time I have visitors I'll bring them here.  My favorite restaurant in Fort Myers.  And don't forget to try the zuccotto for dessert.. it's heavenly!
Very good food and service. Seasonal theme menu offers an excellent extension to a good menu. Desserts provide a very enjoyable ending to a great meal
