Fuzebox is one of those places that's great to head out to if you want to dance with friends, but you really don't want to put too much thought into how you look. The typical Fuzebox crowd ranges from flannel-clad hipster's drinking PBRs, girls in fishnets, to cyber punks; the crowd is eclectic. It's also pretty gay friendly (owned by the owners of Oh Bar on Lark), so it's a safe place to go if you've tired of Waterworks/ROCKS and want to try something different. You really don't have to worry about fitting in, because no one else does either; it's a bar full of friendly misfits from all walks of life. I haven't really been to any of the shows there, but I imagine that whether you have a good time during a show would be contingent on whether you like the band, and the crowd that the bands attracts. I'm usually there post-10pm. Goth (every 1st Friday) and 80's (every Saturday) nights are the best nights to go and get a feel for the place. The goth night is very accessible to mainstreamers too.
It's a lot smaller than it looks... so it's pretty tiny inside. I went on Thursday night for the swing lessons before the dance for $6. If you just want to come for the dance then it's $4. It was fun learning a new way to dance and you switch partners every couple of minutes. It seems like a nice way to meet people and have some fun. The actual dance part didn't really strike my fancy as it got pretty busy once the lessons were over. They've also got a well stocked bar. It's great, but the drinks are overpriced for what little  you do get.
80's night, for the win! I hadn't been here in years, and I cannot figure out why.  It's a small place, but it's never been so full that it becomes difficult to dance.  There might be a little squeezing to get from the dance floor to the bar, but it's really not that bad.  The regulars are friendly and welcoming and I had absolutely no problem whatsoever finding people to dance with. The group of friends I'm running with these days are always looking to dance and let loose, so we'll be back over and over again.  Great time, good music, what more could I ask for?
Walked in at 1015 to a dead silent club. 3 ladies at the bar with 2 guys that were the doormen.  No music no ppl.  Was told we will get started soon. I don't know, being from L.A. if you don't have ppl waiting to get in by 1030 you are not the place to be. 3 20 somethings ladies walked in and the DJ started. I will grab a beer and see what happens by 11pm.
I love the exterior of this place and love hearing the stories my parents tell about going here when it was QE2. Why is it always so empty though? I've attended the Thursday night swing nights and that was packed, but it's usually empty on Fridays.  Why don't they book bands here more often? It could be such a great venue once more! The biggest event of the week - 80s night on Saturday -  is very hit-or-miss. I've had a blast a few times, but then other times the entire scene just bugged me for some reason. Maybe I'm just getting old. However, 80s Night is always packed and is definitely a place to be seen.
Since I don't live in Albany or frequent the Fuze Box all the time, I can't really speak to the current nightly specials and whatnot. But I can say its pretty adorable.  It used to be a burger joint, maybe a white castle?  It's got a stage, red comfy booths, and a really unique bar that used to be the counter, with stools and tiled floor.  Now, my thoughts on club spaces in general is that no one would really want to be in them with the lights on.  But Not so with the Fuze Box, or as a friends non native english speaker boyfriend used to call it, the Fuzzy Box.  Theres also a big loft with seating above the dance floor and an actual dj booth where the person can sit.  its really pretty adorable.   So I can't comment on theme nights, the recent drinks quality, the lessons or "crowd" but when I think of a small club with big heart, Fuze Box is the one.
over priced drinks, crappy cover charge, so-so 80s night. This place isn't all it's cracked up to be.
I'm fairly new to the Capital Area so I've been actively looking for a "spot" to meet folks, so as a child of the 80s I went to the Fuze Box due to a Yelp review. The frist few times were good and since i they carry Hendrick's Gin it was great, BUT recently I went with a few friends only to find out that on top of the cover (which is fine) they started a mandatory coat check for the winter (which is fine) IF THEY DONT CHARGE YOU ANOTHER 2 BUCKS FOR IT. This Spring I may rate them higher.
I'm torn on this.  Back in the days when this was the QE2, I never went.  It was closed for a bit and out of the ashes rose the Fuze.  It's an old restored burger place and it looks pretty cool; checkered floor, retro fittings and even a phone booth!  We all love the phone booth. No one can deny that 80's night is an institutional must-have and it's a raucous place to go with friends and dance, point at Johnny Scissorhands spinning in circles.  But hold your loved one tight because there have been some shenannigans here that leaves a sour patch on my heart and keeps me from that fifth star.
as the other reviewers noted, this is a hit or miss thing. we usually only ever go for 80's night as there is no way you can go wrong dancing to come on eileen and it's ilk. we went last night for adam's birthday and it was a Blast.  there were so many types of people dancing and simply enjoying themselves. and so so entertaining. there was a guy that must have been a trained dancer and he was jolting about the place on top of the booth backs, on the stage and just everywhere. there were old folks like me that knew all of the lyrics to all of the songs and still were boogieing on down, there were the 'club kids' that are so much Cooler than everyone else... such an eclectic mix, and still everyone was having fun.  the dance floor was more crowded than i have seen since it's days as the Q. sometimes i miss the old dark scary place but i like the new look too (i know, it has been this way for years, New is a Relative term ya know.)
