Ok, so I just ate the best Middle Eastern food I've ever had. It will be a hard one to beat. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Yes, that is 2 amazings in one week here in Fort Myers. There might not be too many things to do in these neck of the woods, but I have found some really impressive places to eat, and this place is one of them. This place looks like a fast food place from the outside and inside, but the food taste like it belongs in a upscale restaurant. Let me just add, that it's not greasy joint. The owner keeps the place meticulously clean and it's very nicely updated and decorated inside. Nicely painted walls, granite tabletops, clean updated tile. I had the Falafel platter which came with a side of hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouleh and a side of Pita bread. Everything was Fresh and Seasoned deliciously. I was pleasantly surprised to see Pomegranate in the tabouleh. Nice! I loved the look of the whole garbanzo beans on top of the hummus, and black olives on the baba ghanoush . Everything was so well presented. It shows that they take pride in their food.. If it was ever unclear to u as to what Authentic Middle Eastern food is really supposed to taste like... Come here, this is your place. Can't wait to see what else they have to offer. My only complaint, and I hate to bring it up because the food was so great is about the prices. They're a bit up there. They should give a little more food or come down on the price so people can and would frequent more during the week . Most people can't afford those prices to be able to come in as often as they would probably like or even come back at all after experiencing them.
Wonderful fresh food.   The kitchen was very clean, and the staff was courteous.?  Everything looked made to order, and the hummus tasted freshly made.   The decor was bright and clean.   Would happily recommend this place to any friend that likes good food.
Very friendly and informative staff, ready to please.  Everything made from scratch (little more expensive this way, but so very worth the quality ingredients and care taken to every detail)  Love this place and nice to see more variety of cuisine coming to Fort Myers.  Outside patio was especially nice and cool under the awnings even on a hot day.
Delish tabbouleh $7.99 (small serving for that price) and good lamb schwarma. Healthy options galore!  Great place for tasty food.
The only place in Fort Myers to get great Authentic Middle Eastern food. Only open about 10 months now and wish I had found it sooner.  We say outdoors by the hookah bar and even though this is a paper plate casual joint the service was very attentive and the place is clean. Be sure to chat with the owner, he is eager to make you happy and explain the menu items. He also runs some good offers and freebies of of FB.  There is a wide variety of meat and vegetarian items and he accommodates gluten free requests with a smile . The babganoush is some of the best I have ever had, topped with a few black olive slices and drizzled with olive oil & served with warm pita. Its had just enough charred smokey taste without overwhelming and zero bitterness. The homemade falafel were crunchy on the outside and perfectly soft and had the seasoned green taste I look for with a good tahini dipping sauce- My stepson got the falafel sandwich and said it was amazing - and the kids eats practically nothing. We shared the lamb kofta  which are 2 well seasoned seared ground lamb skewers ( makes my mouth water just thinking of them) over rice pilaf filled with almond, pine nuts and all kinds of secret goodies...Really delish. Be sure to ask for the homemade hot sauce, nice kick and very unique...will have to get the recipe on my next trip.
Great friendly atmosphere. Casual dining. Food looks fantastic. Chicken and lamb on the rottisserie..everyone is happy with meal. Traditional music playing. You walk up to counter. Place order. Pay in advance and have a seat. They will bring it out to you freshly prepared. Owner said they will be opening an outdoor seating area soon. You can see its being worked on on this visit. Soon soon. Unfortunately it wont be ready while Im here. Easy to find right off Tamiami trail (US Hwy 4) Parking out front, on side and in rear. Prices are competitive but keep in mind this is the real deal far as authentic tasting food. Yum! You can find the in FB to get information on events, specials etc..even a free bday meal. Awesomeness in my book!
I've been going here for a while now. I love this place, these folks are extremely nice and the food is awesome! This last time I got takeout. I do hope someday I can get a slice of knafeh here.
Wow was the food good and authentic! This isn't your greasy gyro place... This is amazing food cooked with pride by very nice and hardworking people. The owner has big plans to add a patio and hopes people will hang out, have fun, and enjoy the amazing food. Can't wait. I had the lamb plate. AMAZING. the hummus was to die for. The meat was so juicy and the spices that were in it made it taste even that much better. The side salad of fresh onion and tomatoes was a perfect compliment.
This is the best Middle Eastern food I've ever had. I had the lamb kufta kabobs which were amazing. The staff is very friendly and helpful if you're not familiar with the cuisine. The smell of the place will make you even nore hungry. I've been here two nights in a row. I only wish we had this place back home.
Kabab  village is a great and healthy food to eat  , nice ambient very authentic  feel like  your actually in   Mediertterian  place.  Like Jerusalem  , the service nice very friendly  people  , very accommodating.  Keep clean and  best price in town and. Very taste good eating special dish.   great music too.  Salam .   I highly recommend  to all my friends and family and will probably come again and again Thank you. So come and visit and enjoy the  extra  ordernally .  Expierces I with out traveling outside your town.  Here at ft Myers fl.
Amazing food, better people. I ate here after our first choice was closed, and it was such a happy accident! We ordered a labna sandwich and chicken kabob platter and split them - the sandwich was good with crisp veggies and the kabob was awesome! Well spiced, perfectly cooked, and juicy. The decor is upscale for a walk-up order at the counter joint, you can tell they have taken a lot of pride with higher end tile work. It was also impeccably clean. we were greeted when we first came in and everyone was very friendly and attentive. They obviously cared that we were well taken care of and enjoyed our meal. I'll definitely be back!
Schwarma (sp) is super tasty. Not what I am used to,  but delicious. Everything I have tried is very good. Really liked the hummus and tabuli I had on another visit. Great Mediterranean restaurant on 41!
I am bewildered by all the 5-star reviews. I really wanted to like this place, but it failed on numerous levels. Let me count the ways. 1) The employees apparent have no idea what they're serving. I asked what was in the kufta kabab. They said lamb. I said what about beef?They said yes, that's it. Since this isn't my first foray into Mediterranean food, I asked about pine nuts. They said yes. I told them I can't eat pine nuts, so I ordered something else. Well, everything I ordered was covered in pine nuts. I had them remake one of the dishes, but I still got sick. I think there were ground pine nuts in something, too. 2) The portions are lousy. For the prices I paid, I would expect more food. 3) This place has the ambiance of a McDonald's. Bright lights, cramped seating and immovable tables. Not a deal breaker, but this is not fine dining. 4) Your food is served on disposable plates and silverware. Not only is this not commensurate with the cost of the dishes, but it's very environmentally unfriendly. 5) Everything else aside, the food really wasn't good. The hummus was all right, but the falafel and chicken shawarma were not. You couldn't pay me to eat here again.
A very welcome addition to Fort Myers. Very flavorful cuisine done by folks who know how to make it. Something to please just about everyone: Beautiful marinated Shawarma & Kabobs; extensive vegetarian options as well. Recently opened, but I've eaten there a number of times. Seems like they are still working out the mechanics of the kitchen and it can take longer to get your food than you'd expect. But, you can also tell they put the attention to the food you'd expect from a larger sit-down establishment. Highly recommended!
We've been waiting for a place like this, having moved from Brooklyn, and having the variety of Middle Eastern food! Simply amazing, delicious and this is our new spot for Falafel and Shawarma!!!!
Pretty shocked that this place has such a high rated feedback. My husband and his co-worker went in for lunch the other day and was kind of shocked at paying $47 for 2 chicken plates. But, the food was good, not $47 good! It was the service that makes him never want to step in that place again. Rude is putting it lightly! Acted as if they didn't want my business and I wasnt good enough to talk to or serve. Good luck making it. Never going back! Or anyone I know will be told go elsewhere!
High quality food. Just flew into town and I was impressed with taste and passion put into the shawarma and hummus. Mouth was exploding. I eat Middle Eastern cuisine all the time and this was made by people who know what they are doing.  You won't be disappointed.
Kabob Village is new and fantastic!  We received great service and loved the food!  The humus with fresh made to order naan is amazing and I highly recommend trying it!!  Stop by for some great Mediterranean food....and try the spice tea too for a special treat!
Disappointed overall.  Lamb shawarma was bad.  Fries were ok.  Labna was weird.   We've eaten lots of Mediterranean before.  This was sub par.
I highly recommend this resturaunt. In an area dominated by fast food and chain resturaunts it is a pleasure to find this treasure. I had the mixed grill and it was great.
Food is a bit pricey for the portion size. It's authentic tasting which might excite real foodies. Service is very good and the help is nice.
Coming from the NYC/NJ area where we had a ton of ethnic food options, I didn't expect to find the best Mediterranean food I've had since I was in Israel right here in FL! Food is authentic, you can tell everything is fresh and made from scratch. The owner Amjad makes sure to come out and talk to you and tell you about his restaurant, which was nice. And he told us they will be putting in an outdoor hookah lounge very soon as well! I had the falafel platter and my fiance had the lamb shawarma platter. The babaganoush and hummus were my favorite. Food is light and portion sizes are great. It is definitely a lot of food, but you don't leave feeling stuffed and sick afterwards. We really have no complaints at all. Just a heads up though, this is not a sit down and be served type of restaurant...you order at the counter and can choose your own table.. It's great for lunch or a casual dinner. Like I said, everything literally tasted like the same food I had while traveling throughout Israel. Will definitely be returning to Kabab Village!
Wow, the food is spectacular. Fort Myers really did need a good Mediterranean restaurant. We will definitely come back for more!!!!
Very authentic! The chicken Schwarma and the grape leaf meal was very good! The service was good also, the owner is very nice! I would definitely go back. Nice little hole in the wall!
I have had really good middle eastern food and I must say that I was impressed!   It was great.  Definitely hit the spot.
The falafel at this place is SO GOOD. They also have some of the best hummus I've ever had.
The best Mediterranean food we've ever had. The food was better than the food I had on Benyahuda street in Jerusalem. The hummus was so flavorful.   We stopped in here while vacationing (from FL East coast) and it was very late at night.   They were actually closing/closed when we came in, but the gentleman behind the counter was happy to make something for us anyway.  We did not expect anything so awesome considering they were "closed" already - but we ended up getting the BEST meal EVER.  SO friendly, clean, professional, excellent customer service - and again, truly outstanding Mediterranean food.  And all at a time when we would have honestly expected so much less considering their long day was over, and I'm sure they just wanted to go home!    We will definitely return here every time we are in the area, which is relatively often.  So happy we discovered this place.  It's very special.   THANK YOU!
Loved the food, music and service. The guys were very nice and seemed like old friends after 10 minutes. The excellent food made it a great all-around experience. We didn't have to wait very long for our food either, and our chef personally made sure everything was perfect. It was! Thanks guys, I hope you have great success!
At last! great authentic Middle Eastern food in SW Florida! A much needed addition to local cuisine options, newly opened Kabab Village will satisfy your cravings and desires for something good, tasty and healthy. Mid-East and Mediterranean favorites like Lamb & Chicken Shwarma, Gyros, Kababs, Hummus, Stuffed Grape Leaves,  and much more, along with wonderfully decadent traditional desserts. The portions are generous and the prices are good! Our hosts Amjad and Samer were gracious and welcoming and we will be sure to eat there every time we return to the area. Kabab Village fills the need for truly authentic Middle Eastern food that is so lacking in the area. Thank you Kabab Village...everything was wonderful.
Delicious food, best in the area, authentic great lamb, Greek salad and even the fries so fresh! try the desserts :-) yummy!
The best place for falafel!! We split a delicious falafel sandwich with falafel made entirely from scratch, enjoyed  really tasty tabbouleh served with olives with an excellent olive oil drizzled over it, and a Greek yogurt (labna) sandwich that I loved... Highly recommended!!
