Myself and 3 friends stopped in today.  We are from out of town and were craving good cuban food.  We met Martha.  Sweet lady.  Great food.  Some of the items on the menu weren't available,  like tamales, mofongoand soup. That said.  We got a bunch of sandwiches and empanadas.  All were very good. I even took a sandwich to go for my dinner. Look forward to going back.
Absolutely delicious food and no wait, even right at lunchtime - the best combination! Cuban, fried plantains, and tres leches were all amongst the best I have had. Very glad we stopped here - would eat here again any time we were in the area.
We've tried to stop in for breakfast twice, but the first time we were too early and the second time was a Sunday, and they were closed. Finally got the chance to try Martha's for lunch last weekend and loved it! Martha was there serving us and was very friendly and personable. We both ordered Cuban Sandwiches (I wanted to share, but the fiance wasn't having it), he also got a side of black beans and rice and I got an empanada. I ended up taking half the sandwich home because it's HUGE! We both really enjoyed everything and will definitely be back soon for breakfast and some cuban coffee!!
We were looking for a local Cuban place to eat before we made our way to Sanibel Island so of course I checked Yelp reviews and Martha's came up first. We drove around looking for it and when we saw it was located in a gas station we almost didn't go in. After reading the reviews though we decided to give it a try. WOW! Are we glad we did! What a gem of a little place with the best Cuban sandwiches I may have ever had, and I've had a few. Martha herself was so welcoming and sweet. It was like having lunch made for by a good friend. My husband can't wait to go again on our way back to the airport on our return. Don't let the location stop you because the food is just too good.
Thanks to yelp I found this little gas station find! I came here and grabbed a quick lunch to go. I always crave a good cuban and theres is great. I also saw a beautiful tray of cooked pork and had to order a meal of it. Awsome! Worth it to make a special trip. Lives up to its reputation.
Very impressed. Even after a long day, Martha greeted me with smiles. The beef empanadas were amazing. Tres leches was succulent. A must stop. Also, Martha says she will start providing drive-up service near the end of January 2014.
Great cuban.  Don't let the gas station location turn you off.  Tons of food and a very grateful attitude by the cook was awesome.  Go and you won't be sorry.
Thankful I no longer need to drive to Miami for great Cuban food! Everything Martha & her husband prepare is fantastic! Recently I placed a catering order for 30 people, it could had fed 40. We ordered mojo pork, rice, beans, yuca, plantains & empanadas (beef & chicken). Everyone at the party loved the food! I stop in a few times a week for some Cuban coffee. Love the food and Martha!!!! If you love Cuban food, you have to stop and see Martha! Don't let the location turn you away.
You know everything is homemade when you see Martha and the cook making the dough and chicken mixture from scratch for empanadas. Great cafe con leche and bistec de palomillo.
Flew in from a 12 hour trip starting in Seattle.  Yelp'd for a good place in Fort Meyers.  This came up.  Skeptical about the gas station part, but OHHHHH MYYYYY!    These Empanadas were heavenly!  Best I've ever had.  I liked the beef better.  The hot sauce seemed hot at first, but added just the right heat when added to the empanadas.  Martha was great and welcoming and working her butt off to serve the continuous stream of customers!  Go here now!
Go inside! Yes, it's in a gas station BUT the food is worth it. Not to mention that Martha and her husband are the nicest people serving up the best Cuban black beans, chicken, pork and café con leche in the area!
This place was simply amazing. Martha herself was so nice and sweet, the food was great, the sandwiches were good, but the real highlights of the day were the empanadas, the cafe con leche and the Cuban espresso. The reviews don't lie!
Delicious and Martha is delightful. Had the Cuban sandwich, chicken empanadas, and guava pastry, plus cafe con leche. Fabulous!
Delicious food and Marta is very friendly! The location in a gas station is a bit unusual, but the cafe is clean and welcoming.  Best Cuban food I have had!
If you enjoy Cuban food then stop into Martha's Cuban Cafe.  Very flavorful food with a very friendly owner.  The Ropa Vieja was very flavorful as were the sweet plantains and the black beans and rice. The only complaint I had was the food wasn't hot enough temperature wise.  The Cuban sandwiches looked delicious. This is a lunch place and you have to get past the fact it is located in a gas station.  In California Mexican restaurants and BBQ places are located in gas stations as well. The food there is outstanding and Martha's is no different. Treat yourself to a Cuban meal for lunch and head to see Martha. You will enjoy the food and the personal service.
It's in a gas station...get over it. Great clean resto, Martha's a lovely lady who makes great Cuban food and coffee. You should go.
I had carry out lunch of cubano sandwiches and guava pastries and it was delicious. Marta and her husband have opened their restaurant in the Valero station in the Publix Plaza at Alico Road and US 41. They are offering a full menu of pork, beef, chicken and fish dinners, sandwiches and desserts. The space is new and extremely clean. Marta is wonderfully engaging and takes care of everyone personally.  Highly recommended!
Great food and Martha is so nice. Don't let the fact that it's a gas station stop you from trying this place. Great cafe con leche!
Located inside the Valero gas station. Do not let that scare you away! The food was delicious! The service is above & beyond. I had a tamale with black beans & white rice, YUMMY! My husband had the chicken breast with black & red beans with white rice. We will definitely visit Martha's again!
Stopped for gas and found an absolute gem of a restaurant Diners, Drive-in and Dives style. Being from Miami I crave authentic Cuban Food and this place is absolutely delicious and the owner is super nice! Had the Breakfast special and the eggs were no lie some of the best buttery goodness I have ever had. Cafe Cubano was delicious absolutely recommend this place and can't wait to try the Cuban Sandwich
We were on our way back from the airport and came across this little gem.  Great Cuban food and great service. The kitchen is spotless. Don't let the fact that it is inside a gas station deter you. We had rice and beans, roast chicken and plantains, a Cuban and a midnight sandwich. Everything was really good and you can't beat the prices. You can even call ahead for take out.
I've been three times, each time is better than the last.  Great food, great service.  Martha is very personable and makes you feel right at home, it's like you're with family.  Everything I've tried has been great - roast pork, black beans & rice, tostones, empanadas, sandwiches.  Prices are very reasonable and everything is always fresh!
While on vacation I found this little cuban cafe here on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  Martha was sooo very sweet.  She and her husband run the little restaurant corner in the gas station.  The food was delicious.  We tried some things that we have never had before as well as our cafe con leche.  The cafe con leche was a little weak compared to what we are used to but still good.  We enjoyed a medianoche, empanada pollo, moro cuban toast and 4 cafe con leches.  This was enough to feed the 4 of us for only $17.  We will be heading there again tomorrow for breakfast.
This Place is great! Its located inside the gas station and is extremely clean with a small seating area. Martha is great and accommodating, she operates the restaurant  with her husband Orlando . With Cuban born parents and being from Miami myself the food is to die for, delicious and authentic Cuban food. I find myself getting breakfast and lunch in the same day from Martha.
Martha is a gem. We drove around for a bit before we realized that it was inside the Valero, but you can smell the deliciousness as soon you walk in.  She was out of a few things when we were there, but what we did have was delicious, and she's very accommodating!
Martha's kicks ass. Fresh, authentic Cuban. Martha has a great personality. We go there frequently. Please go to Martha's in order to make sure she and her husband stay in their business. The Cuban sandwich is real. Fried pork chunks amazing. All good. This is not a chain.
I read an official food critic once who espoused the idea that the best food finds were little family joints attached to motels. After eating at Martha's, I would add "gas stations." Martha serves up delicious cuban fare: ropa vieja, cuban black beans, cafe, and, best of all, cubano sandwiches (though they do have mayo on them - an American addition). Her real specialty seems to be making all her customers feel welcome. We would definitely go back.
