Could it really be that good??? It definitely is! Food is prepared fresh and cooked too order.  I had TVP meat sub. with that rice and veg. Mmmmm, fried eggplant with guacamole, spring roll, & soup FRESH & HOT! The BEST vegan food I've ever had! Go see for your self. Very affordable. Very happy we found this little gem in our back yard. P.S. The owner is a sweetheart.
Use to be a faithful customer here. I would normally tip on take out orders to but the last time I was there instead of telling me my food was ready she yelled out across the counter and said "HEY YOU!" Normally that do jot happen. Another time I went 30 min before closing time excited my long time friend was going to try vegan food but felt rushed n not wanted. Of course her saying you should take out. N the constant angered facial expression did not help. As soon as the food came I asked for a box and she acted as she was "surprised" why I didn't want to finish my meal. My poor friend didn't even want to order because of her (note she was 7 month pregnant). I still gave a tip for after hours but left to apple bees where I had a cup of water and let my pregnant friend eat and I left a 120% tip. After we drove pass this not so loving hut at 11pm the lady was still there! I stop recommending my clients here. I gladly wait 1 hour when I get home to cook my own vegan food. Vegan women with to much hatred no thanks I'll go somewhere else. 1 star for food& decent price. -1 star for my rude take out order -1 star for my experience with my friend -1 for rude women -1 for the hours.
If I could give this a minus 5 I would! I have come here about 3 times and every time the lady has an actitude! The kitchen  is not run properly, we are a family of 4 and we can't never eat together it takes about 10 mins or more in between entrees to come to our table! Save your money and go somewhere else! Not worth it...
A must go! We just finished eating here. Got the fried eggplant topped with guacamole as an appetizer. It was so good and fresh. It is so cheap too that you can try several appetizers. My meal was the golden rice with tofu, veggies, and a salad. The rice was insane. The best vegan fried rice I've ever had. The veggies were light and very fresh. I hate when veggies are overcooked. My boyfriend got the stir fry which was also good and fresh. Please visit if you are in the area. Even if you eat meat, this is a welcomed fresh meal when everything else is heavy and greasy when its hot out. The people there are also incredibly friendly.
I was traveling down I-75 and looked up vegan places for lunch. I found this tiny place about 20 minutes from the interstate. I was the only customer on a Saturday afternoon. The food was phenomenal. I ordered the Pad Thai and Crispy Rolls. It was made fresh to order. The noodles were so silky. And the meat substitute looked and tasted so much like beef that I had to do a Few double takes. The staff is friendly as well. Do yourself a favor and check this place out whenever you're nearby.
I'm a recent vegan as is my adult son, he found this place and brought us home dinner.  I have to say the first time was just okay.  My son in law just came to visit and he is vegan also, we went there twice in less than a week.  The food was amazing! The low mein was delish and the TVP really did have the texture and taste of beef.  The eggplant with avocado, OMG , I can't believe how good it was.  I usually get physically ill when eat rice but their rice combo was also delish.  My new favorite place to eat.
I love this place for the yummy vegan food, their menu is not as big as the one in Naples, and u gotta wait a little bit. It's all worth it coz the food is amazing !! I ordered take out and all turned out perfect.
Looking for a Vegan friendly restaurant in Cape Coral?  Look no further as I do not believe you'll find a better option!  Great food.  Friendly staff.  Decent prices.  Great smoothies!
This is such a cute little place. It has an all white contemporary and funky interior with maybe 6 tables. My only criticism would be the weird go vegan propaganda video that they have playing on the big screen tv. It seemed, well, odd. The food is outstanding and I am not vegan in the least bit! I loved the fresh summer rolls. I could eat 10 orders by myself. The avocado salad with sweet creamy lemon dressing is delicious! It is a large size and more than enough to share. I had the Pho and was quite pleased. I had not eaten a vegetable version of this classic Vietnamese soup until here, and it was just as good. They have lots of TVP dishes. It stands for texturized vegetable protein. In the past, I have always been turned off by the texture of this soy product, but they know how to prepare it here. I would be willing to try any of their TVP dishes. Best of all, this place is super affordable. Two could eat for 20 dollars and leave with a full and happy belly.
I am so thrilled this place opened in Cape Coral. Aptly named, this delishious little hideaway is 100% vegan (I think) and 150% yummy!  It is hard to come by a vegan restaurant unless you're in NY, so I urge even the skeptical meat-eaters to give it a try- you'll walk away with a new favorite Fusion restaurant on your list!   Pretty much goes without saying that it's uber healthy, but you forget that when you're savoring the flavor of the last crumb you've licked off your plate :) I'll be eating here at least once a week now!
As a vegetarian visiting Fort Myers, I was so excited to find this place. We came in as the only diners but soon more tables filled up for lunch. Our server was extremely friendly and polite. My boyfriend is a picky carnivore and was quite skeptical on eating at a vegan restaurant but he ordered the fried rice and loved it. I ordered the mongolian delight, so tasty! I never tried TVP and was so surprised on how much it tasted like real beef. The food was just large enough portions without weighing you down plus it really helped that the food was healthy too. I wish I lived nearby because I would frequent this place often!
What a find! Two people ate a dinner for less than 20 bucks. Delicious food made well. Highly recommend!
I absolutely love this place.  The owners are very friendly, their menu is full of delicious options -- although I must admit my favorite is the Golden Rice Combo #1.  This place was my first Loving Hut experience and I was thrilled when my wife and I found it.   It did not disappoint.  Not only is everything on the menu very reasonably priced, but the variety of options is quite eclectic as well!  I highly recommend trying the Thai Iced Tea and if you're fortunate enough to come when they have their freshly baked cakes, try a slice.  You won't regret it!
The nose knows. You can't fool the nose. Enticing scents greet you at The Loving Hut door, becoming more provocative as you enter. You're welcomed by the cordial Midori who confirms that your dining experience will be eventful. When asked for customer favorites and suggestions, she hones in on the massive menu. The night's choices are mango salad with vegetable protein which honestly looked like grilled beef, hi guru curry with sweet potatoes and vegetable protein which approximated chicken morsels plus a seaweed wrapped vegetable protein"fish filet" with ginger sauce. Massive portions, so incredibly delish and jam packed with flavors that the leftovers were reincarnated as two meals the following day. I must admit, I used to poo poo, the vegan wannabe simulations of non vegan dietary fare. Now I'm a convert. There's something about the variations in texture enhanced with expertly spiced preparations that makes this dining experience a wow. Vegetables, be they ever so humble become major stars at the hands of the female Vietnamese chef. Meat eaters? Never fear, you will be so intrigued and forget that there's not an animal on your plate. In fact, I swore that I found what seemed like a minuscule fish bone simile in my "filet". The final shock was the check. My dining companion had to confirm 3 times that I was reading it correctly- $33.76 with tax! Want to enjoy some wine or beer with your meal? Stop at Publix down the street. We found a Napa Zinfandel which was a fine companion to a fantastic dining experience. Yes, I'm gushing.
It was our first time eating at this restaurant and loved it!  The food had great flavor and the herbs and spices blended beautifully.  I left there content and felt healthier.  The eggplant and guacamole was excellent. I will be back. Nancy MissionOrganizing.com
Great selection of vegan food, though the Pho was sold out and we really wanted to try it.  The lo mein was good but a bit too salty.  The curry rice combo was good as well.  The fake meat really did taste like meat, which can be good or bad (depending on why you are looking for vegan food).  We had the eggplant avocado appetizer which was amazing (the avocado tasted better than the guacamole at our favorite Mexican restaurant in Milwaukee)
Loving Hut is a fantastic Vegetarian/Vegan choice! A nice menu selection, and the couple who own the Loving Hut are so kind! The food is always made to perfection! The Summer Rolls are absolutely fantastic.
Since my last review I have become vegan... I had toyed with "veganism" before but this time I'm Fo Shiz!! Googled "vegan restaurant" and came across this little gem, just 4 miles from my home! The food was AMAZING! It was quarter to 8pm and they close at 8 so they were out of some items but we ordered golden rice, the curry, and the fried eggplant with avocado! Omg!! Each one yummiest than the next! The price is good as well! And top everything off with the "too die for" cheesecake! ALL 100% VEGAN YUMMINESS
Coming from NY, where there are Vegan restaurants galore, I was not impressed in the slightest. If you're the only vegan/vegetarian restaurant in the entire city, I would think that you would want to ensure that your menu is extensive and appetizing in order to draw in a wider range of customers.
Loved this vegan restaurant! My non-vegetarian husband enjoyed it too. From mock shrimp to mock beef, no one could tell this healthy food is all vegan. Lovely supper then a night out at the movies across the street made a lovely date night!
Bun hue was very good mildly spicy
This place is awesome, we have taken our meat eating friends there and they loved it, the staff are some of the nicest people who will ever meet.
Loving Hut was absolutely delicious!  The food was very fresh and tasty. Not much on atmosphere, but great place for lunch or a fast dinner.
