Surprisingly good restaurant in a mall location. Entrees are on the slightly higher side and ala carte. Mostly seafood and fish is supposedly flown in from Hawaii daily so you get a few different fish than you might be used to in SWFL.   However, there is chicken, lamb, pork chops and venison. Everything seems to have a little unusual twist.  One friend ordered the calamari appetizer.  It was like no calamari I have had--no rings.  It was made from what must be a larger squid that has been kind if filleted.  It is served as little rectangles, lightly dusted and fried with a slightly spices sweet sauce--phenomenally good. Will orFederal my own next time. Everyone enjoyed their entrees. I had an appetizer of a fish I can't remember.  It was served seared, but like sashimi.  It was beautifully presented and quite good.  The appetizers are quite large and can be shared by two or even substituted for an entree for lighter eaters. My wife had the bang bang chicken since she isn't seafood affectionate. It was good with loads of vegetables.  Beautiful, but too much to eat.  I had the butterfish and it lived up to its name. One friend had salmon and raved the other had meatloaf and enjoyed it. The chef came out twice to check on our meal.  You can tell he really wants you to be happy.  He seems very creative and I doubt you will see a plate more beautifully constructed.  Our server was really helpful working through the menu. I only wish I had room to try the desserts. They are very generous.  The pictures are like they are.  Easily shared by two or even four. A friend ordered one of the cheesecakes.  I tried it. Good, but I'm not a big fan of cheesecake.  However the taramisu looked deadly. We will be back.
Unfortunately I can't join the other reviewers in raving about this place. Our experience here was not severely, but definitely under par. The hostess looked horrified when we walked in - we were just 2 and the restaurant had 3 tables seated (it never filled up). She practically tried to convince us to leave! Then she said we could stay as long as we were willing to wait an undetermined amount of time. We stayed for some reason, listening to elevator music...the hostess finally offered to get us a drink and was relieved when we said we'd try the sangria (which was terrible). 10 minutes later the waitress got around to us. She was very nice and apologetic. The food was good. The apps were perfectly done (caesar and eggplant), the main course was just okay...the vegetables were pre-cooked and we had identical sides and meat glazes with 2 completely different dishes. That said lack of effort and pride to me. My lamb was cooked perfectly and the meatloaf was good; it just wasn't great.
My husband and I had dinner here for the first time tonight. We live here and had no idea this restaurant existed until he happened to be in the shopping plaza and noticed it. They apparently have been open since November. I hope they are able to stay open without doing much advertising. Food was excellent. We had the calamari appetizer which was my favorite of the night. I had the chicken gnocchi entree and my husband had the duck. Both were very good and very nice portions. For dessert we shared a Kahula cheesecake. The desserts were more than enough for two people to share. Our waitress was friendly and she checked on us often, however she seemed a little unsure of herself or timid. Chef walked around and asked everyone how their meals were, which was nice. All in all, a good experience and we will definitely be going back.
Pinch me ... still have a hard time believing this amazing restaurant is in my neighborhood! My husband and I have been delighted with the service and every dish we have had the pleasure to experience prepared by Chef Todd and his staff! Last night was our 4 visit.  We had an appetizer of duck bacon paired with a flaky snapper on top of an amazing mix of micro greens and a special succotash .... it was a culinary tour de force. We can't wait until our next meal!!!
The best meal I have truly ever had...from the presentation to the meal, all were so fantastic. Everyone at the table was saying "this is the best (ahi tuna, sockeye salmon, meatloaf & pork chop) I've ever had". I cannot imagine giving this restaurant anything other than a 5 star rating. You'll get to meet the chef as he truly cares about your dining experience. You'll come back time and again & want to bring your friends & family. That's how we found out about this amazing restaurant.
I can truly say that my dinner at Blaze was the best meal I've had in Cape Coral/Ft. Myers since moving here 7 months ago. The service was perfect - every staff member greeted us and seemed genuinely interested in how our experience was, from the hostess to the chef. Blaze serves wine and beer only, so I indulged in two surprisingly good (for house brand) glasses of Sauvignon Blanc. Upon ordering entrees, we were given some heavenly fresh baked focaccia bread along with a garlic olive oil dip and a sweet roasted garlic spread. I wish I hadn't eaten so much bread so I could have indulged in dessert (see my picture of their beautiful dessert tray!) For entrees I had the blackened ahi tuna. I posted a picture of this as well, as I was completely blown away by the huge portion of tuna for under $20. It was absolutely delicious. It came with the standard sides of soy sauce, ginger and wasabi, but also a jicama/quinoa salad and a fantastic honey chipotle glaze. I also tried a bite of the Chilean sea bass, which was a special for the evening, and it was melt in your mouth amazing. I will definitely be back for more, and this time I plan on saving room for dessert!
A must! Check it out. Great unique food, fine dining. Reminds me of Ruth Chris with slightly better pricing. Everything we ordered was awesome.
Wanted to add that we had another lovely meal..this time opa fish and the half duck. Flavors were both Thai based in the ginger and sweet chili sauce. My wine was a light Pinot noir from Oregon that was good. The duck which certainly is prepared 'ahead' was indeed a half and the meat was good flavor and lean. The chutney was awesome. The veggies were plentiful n exotic blend of snow peas, peppers, edamame and beans. The ubiquitous mashed potatoes filled the plate. The opa had a wonderful coconut brown rice. The chef inquired as usual and I shared that the duck could be served at a higher temp as I think it would be better. He immediately said he would have done that...as you can guess, I had chose not to so I could eat at the same time as my date. Just wanted to raise the awareness so next duck is warmer! But truly don't u find this does happen sometime because the chef isn't able to check internal temps unless each dish has an insta read therm poked at it!  The duck is prepared well done but is tender n delicious. We are regulars.....
This is truly 5-star full-on foodie, city-slicker dining in a location you would never expect to find it: in Cape Coral, Florida, in a strip mall, between a pizzeria and a Five Guys Hamburgers.  Everything was great including an unusual tripe soup, meatloaf (loaded with veal), fresh salmon.  Whatever they have, it's going to be great or they wouldn't have bothered to make it.  Great decor and a few seats at the counter if you are dining alone - you will feel comfortable.
Stopped by without a reservation and the place was full!!!! Great news in June 2014 in SWFL.  KEEP IT UP!  Disappointed we couldn't have dinner at Blaze but happy to see them busy.
Fantastic service, delicious food, thrilled that we have such an amazing restaurant in Cape Coral!   We were having drinks at a local sports bar with friends but wanted "real" food for dinner. Based on Yelp reviews and the location, we chose Blaze for dinner. My husband has Celiac Disease and the chef was extremely accommodating. Our waitress was knowledgeable, kind, and professional. We will be returning to Blaze for sure.
This place is incredible.  Do not be fooled by the location in a little strip mall.  The tastes are to die for.  Every bite is a flavor sensation.   The food is beautifully presented.  It is a seafood lovers dream!  The gnocchi and calamari starters were incredible.  I could have stopped there, but had to see what else the chef had in store. The mahi and tuna were both ridiculous.  Seriously every bite my husband and I looked at each other and said "really"?  So amazing.  You won't be disappointed.
I took my visiting family to this restaurant and we were so pleased we went! Great service, eclectic and creative menu, nice atmosphere. And the food! All four of us loved our dinners. The meatloaf was the best he's had, according to Dad. Two of us had their butterfish rendition. Amazing! Fried brie appetizer was also delicious. They had run out of the fish I ordered (we arrived later in the evening) and the chef sent a busboy to his house to get more! Good wine list. I'll definitely be back!
Mark and I had wonderful meals at Blaze tonight.  This was our first  visit and will not be our last.  The spring roll appetizer was absolutely delicious and the homemade focaccia bread was light and herbal with roasted garlic . YUM!!  Gnocchi chicken entree and Ahi Tuna platter were very flavorful and generous.  You must try this place.  A wonderful dining experience !!  Anita was a very friendly and attentive waitress!
My husband and I ate here last night and have now found one if our favorite restaurants. In a somewhat vacate strip mall, we were surprised when we walked in as the decor is lovely. Rust, gold, and black created a stunning color palate. We started with sangria as I had read about it previously. 2 large glasses completevwith 5 kinds of fruit. We had ahi tuna and chilean sea salmon and both were great. Served on banana leaf, with wonerful veggies and quiona. We thought we were in hawaii. Desserts were wondefful also. Save room as they are huge and very rich. Everything is fresh and prepared with great pride. I compare it with Roy's in bonita springs and that is a great compliment. In fact blaze's plating is prettier.
Walked in on a Friday night 7:00 PM, party of three, no reservation. The hostess was not around, the place was full and certainly the staff was busy. We stood and waited for someone to acknowledge our presence. One by one staff looked at us but made no move to come over and I was getting annoyed. I didn't mind having to wait but please acknowledge us, we were about to leave when finally one of the servers gave us the "one moment please", okay fine, that's all I wanted. The hostess finally arrived, a bit flustered doing her thinking out loud but we were finally seated. The menu was full of intriguing options and the specials were interesting as well. Our server, Cheryl, was fun and had a really decent grasp of the menu and wine list. By the way they only serve beer and wine, which is fine with us. We ordered a Spy Valley Sauvignon Blanc, very good. Bread was different and came with garlic paste and oil for dipping also very good. For appetizers we ordered eggplant pesto, prawns and warm spinach salad. While the presentation of each item was incredible and the portions were generous, the flavors were amazing!! The eggplant, and I am not generally a fan, was so good it took every ounce of strength not to lick the plate. Also the BEST spinach salad, finished every morsel. My son loved the prawns as well. For dinner DH had a Hawaiian fish combo, dS had an elk ribeye and I had the sea-bass with butterfish sauce. Again all presentations were incredible, everything done to perfection. Absolutely delicious! We had a second bottle of wine, a different label, it was okay but not as good as the first. The chef came out to thank us for coming and to make sure we were pleased, nice touch. Rounded off with tiramisu served in a huge wine goblet with drippings of dark chocolate and caramel. DS had raspberry cheesecake, both desserts were excessively large and unbelievably delectable. The espresso was really good and they knew how to serve a double! While a bumpy start, we left full and happy and looking forward to our next visit. Tip: make a reservation, pace yourself, only dine with those willing to share!
