I went here with my son and hubby. We ordered two large and one regular sized fish and chips. The regular was just fine for me and the two large were actually too large for the two men. It Was DELICIOUS!  Very flavorful and very generous portions. would recommend to anyone!!
This place is  the real deal. Only problem is that it is so popular that there is usually a line up and it is hard to get a seat.  Fish and chips are done perfectly and the selection of English beers (did not taste skunky unlike elsewhere) is a pleasant surprise.  Also do not miss the selection of English candies, etc. for sale.   Found a few things from my Childhood (in Canada) that I had not seen in 30 years.
Came in here on a hunch from Yell reviews and I wasn't disappointed. I got the shrimp and chips with a side of fish. The shrimp were large and delicious and the chips were amazing. I only had two problems, the coleslaw was awful and the single fish to taste was $7 but other than that, it was delicious. I'd definitely recommend it for the fish or shrimp.
Finally, my wife and I found the best fish n chips restaurant in Cape Coral!  Clean, affordable and excellent food!  Staff is very friendly and a quaint eating area.  Definitely worth going to and checking this awesome restaurant out!
Great fish. Definitely one of the best I have had. I'm not the biggest fish fan, but do like a good fish and chips.  All positive comments on here are accurate.  My husband had the shrimp, chicken, and fish combo and absolutely loved it.  If you are in the area it's worth the stop.
Not greasy for a fried food, lightly battered with a great flake to it. This is one of my favorites in Fort Myers, clean, welcoming, delightful, and always very tasteful! NON Farmed fish, wild caught North Atlantic cod and the biggest shrimp I've ever seen. For the price this is differently right!
I was a regular customer at Brit's in Minneapolis ( unrelated business to Pete's in Cape Coral ) ; where I got hooked on the MUSHY green peas, which have similar texture to hummus, but with the flavor of green peas.  I WAS ADDICTED TO MUSHY IN ANOTHER CITY, so I was initially put off by the fact that Pete's does not sell MUSHY  :(     However, I did eat the Fish + Chips (about $ 10 ) .  I did it twice over a span of a couple month.  Both times, I had a mouthwatering craving for it.  Right now, I am waiting for my craving to hit.  Personally, I can handle greasy food in my own stomach, so it's hard fo me to say if it is "too greasy" or not.  I do appreciate the large amount of fish they give you, so the batter does not dominate the fish itself, as other people mentioned.
Delicious. The fish is so good I was talking about it DAYS after leaving. Friendly staff and very clean, and comforting atmosphere!
We had great tasting, golden fried thick haddock filets at Pete's. The batter was just right for the size of the filet. Our fries were cooked perfectly; slightly crisp but not overdone. The Newcastle was ice cold, just perfect for a hot Cape Coral afternoon. The service was fast and friendly and Himself came out from behind the fryer to chat for a bit. A perfect place for an early dinner or late afternoon lunch.
Fantastic fish and chips. I mean. Fantastic. You can tell they change the oil and use good quality. We stuck with a small basket each and it hit the spot. Don't go here hoping to maintain your diet. There is nary a salad on the menu-and they should keep it that way! Great service too, really friendly from order to finish.
Food is excellent,  However, customer satisfaction and service is 2nd to closing. Arrived at 7:15 pm ( they close at 7:30) and we refused service. I seen 12 customers leave without service. Maybe the owner was snoozing. Tom
We went to Pete's on a suggestion of a friend. Greeted by Pete himself,was a pleasure as he walked us through the limited menu. Fish and chips,chicken and chips. The fish is fresh Cod not manufactured square pieces of fish . Large or small filet. I opted for the small and my goodness ,it was more than enough. Fresh, crispy,tastey. Pete also does the cooking. Simple ,pleasant, take out or if you wish you can eat in. Self service. Will definetly return for more fresh fish. Cole slaw and fries were tastey also!
AMAZING!!! Great value..large portions...The perfect batter on the fish and on the shrimp (BIG SHRIMP) Best fish and chips in Florida
I absolutely LOVE eating here. I stopped in for a quick lunch a few months ago and am so glad I did! The batter is amazing! I raved about it to my boyfriend, took him for dinner, and he was impressed as well. I've had the fish and chips, the combo meal with fish, chicken, and shrimp and I can honestly say it was all delicious. The shrimp are HUGE. Every time I've gone in to eat the service has been great. Prices are more than reasonable for the portions and quality of food. Highly recommend! :-)
The service and people who run this place were great. The fish and chips were mah. They aren't bad, but we didn't walk out of there thinking this was the greatest fish and chips we've ever had. Maybe for southwest Florida this is 5 star, but it's just ok.
I've only had the fish & chips & they were excellent. The large portion will leave you feeling stuffed. The batter is golden brown & the fish is so fresh and flakey. The fries I suspect come from a bag, but they're also great. The restaurant is fairly small, it fills up fast around lunch time. The owners are a husband & wife & couldn't be more friendly. A Cape Coral must.
Its been a year. But its is still great fish & chips. Quality & outstanding food and no price increase.
amazing authentic British fish and chips,well worth a detour for a decent meal for 2 under $20. say hi to Pete from Manchester! He also has a small selection of Brit foods and amazing pies.Get in early before he sells out.
Perfectly cooked, large thick pieces of real North Atlantic Cod, nice "thick chips!". Little to no grease and nicely homemade coleslaw.  We arrived at exactly the wrong time on a Friday night (during a rain storm) and waited quite a while due to everyone else having the same idea, but when orders are made one at a time and served at once piping hot, you'll be glad you waited! They ran out of coleslaw, but found one for us to taste and graciously gave my wife and daughter Cadbury chocolate bars "on the house" as replacement. Proper English Chippie in Cape Coral!  Well worth it!
Just sublime. How DO they make those chips?!
I love this place! I don't usually like fish, but this place makes the best fish ever! They even serve your food in the newspaper style just like in England! The fish is battered to a golden brown color, its flaky on the outside and tender white fish on the inside. The owners our English and are super nice! Love, love love!
Pete's Fish & Chips was great. Very friendly staff. Fish was very fresh and tasty. Although the fries are not homemade :( they were good. Husband and I throughly our first visit and will be back for another feed of fee and chee.  It seemed they get alot of repeat business and knew many of the customers by first name.. I would recommend you try Pete's
Best fish & chips in the part of the US, bar none!  Service is always fast and friendly.  It is a small place but a great place.  Have eaten here several time and will be back soon.
Great people and excellant food,  had the fish and chips, excellant!!
Close your eyes as you enjoy your meal at Pete's Fish & Chips and you wouldn't be faulted for thinking you've been magically transported across the pond to merry old England. I'm baffled to see reviews comparing Pete's authentic battered dip cod to fast food!! Cor Blimey - Absolutely not!! As a British family I can assure you that is far from the truth. Pete's recipes are a little taste of home. From the fish & chicken & chips, to the sausage rolls and pasties and pies. All are enough to make your mouth water just thinking of them. The chips are cut perfectly and authentic as well, as any Brit will tell you. Lining the shelves are tasty treats from the Motherland, (but clean your plate first!) and there is a cooler filled with English beers on offer as well. And yes, there is a Pete, who hails from Manchester, England.  He greets his guests jovially and enjoys cooking up his fare for his customers to enjoy. God Save Pete's Fish & Chips!
Excellent fish and chips  very friendly owners can't say enough.  Their menu is going in to our rental house so that my guests can enjoy as well. Have to go back and try the pasties and meat pies
Authentic, fresh & delicious.  Worth the trip to Cape Coral.
Great food, great service and wonderful English beer!
I love this place and recommend it to everyone to try. The owners are so friendly, they always remember us and our daughter. We are moving away now and the last place in the cape we went was Pete's because we would miss it so much.
Fish was very good. Shrimp was excellent.  However the chips need to be crispier. Fresh potatoes need to be double fried to crisp up. Overall outstanding quality and great service.
Really, with all the wonderful fish restaurants  in this area, Pete's is not it.  It is the deep frying that is good, the fish is actually pretty tasteless.  Expensive and fried.  Not a combo I like.  Oh yeah, and the chips are frozen french fries.   Anywhere else, Petes would be called "Long John Silvers or Captain D's.
Nice people the fried fish was ok  The cole slaw was dry and tasteless  McDonald's  Fries are better  You self serve tipping isn't necessary  Thirstys Fish fry is much Better
What a great find.  The best fish and chips I have had since I left the UK.
when they first opened the dinner portions were large.  the last time we ordered a fish sandwich we couldn't believe our eyes when the fish arrived.  there was one extremely small chunk of fish on each sandwich.  for $12.00 it was scant.  we could have had a complete dinner at bonefish for that.  we will never go bak to pete's fish and chips.
My Dad, sister and I ate there last night for the first time. We LOVE fish and chips and have been looking for a decent place since my Dad moved here in 2002. Always have been disappointed but we were all so happy with Pete's. From the moment we walked in, the staff was warm and friendly, explained their ordering process and menu well and made us feel at home. We ordered "small fish" which means the thinner part of the fillet (the regular is the thicker part), and one shrimp dinner so we could try it. The fish was perfectly cooked, not greasy and flakey white meat. Chips were thick and good, coleslaw could have used a bit more seasoning and more liquid but it was okay. The shrimp was more heavily breaded than the fish which my Dad didn't care for but my sister and I loved it. The shrimp sauce was outstanding and we loved that the tartar sauce was on the table and we didn't have to keep asking for more like in most places. We even liked that they had a water dispenser where we could refill our own cups with chilled, bottled water., Even though it was busy, when we were walking out the door they stopped to say thank you as if they really cared that we stopped by, a rarity in small restaurants today. We are so happy to have found this place.
