I love love love this restaurant.  There's not a lot I liked about my 3 weeks in Fort Myers but this restaurant was definitely top notch.  The service was excellent, the food was even better and their drinks were perfection.   If I'm ever in Fort Myers again I'll definitely visit Firestone.
I've been coming to Fort Myers for 30 years which is the historical and governmental hub of Lee County. It is the gateway to the Southwest Florida region, which is a major tourist destination in Florida. The winter homes of Thomas Edison (Seminole Lodge) and Henry Ford (The Mangoes), which are both primary tourist attractions in the region, are located on McGregor Boulevard in Fort Myers. These iconic houses are very close by and I reccomend them over the Sky Lounge, but the lounge isn't so bad as long as you don't eat. (I normally have scallops and you can trust them.) Take the elevator and get smashed on the level that allows a view of the river because so few places do. It's a beautiful river and if you want to be a proper tourist...go up!
Spent $150 on drinks here. Accidently got on the elevator to try to meet a friend downstairs and the door man told us to get out since we rode the elevator twice without leaving. If you want to be treated like shit for giving this place money, this is your place. Otherwise I think there are 20 better places to hang out
We got to the sky lounge early and sat down on the chairs no problem. There where six of us ordering drinks and food, and a lot of it. Before we got our food a lady set down a bucket for ice, lemon wedges, etc. We ate and then where told we needed to close out our tabs because other people where coming. WTF? We're there spending money and they want us to leave to bet on someone else spending more than us? Way to make your guest feel like dirt. You should strive to make every guest feel like a VIP, not just your VIP's. I honestly wanted to return what we had already ordered just to screw them over. I'm just not cool enough to eat/drink here. Food was okay, drinks where inconsistent and over priced.
I enjoyed this place immensely!! My daughter's high school graduation was at Harborside Event Center so we had a large group and they were very accommodating. I was able to make a reservation and even had to call and change it lasts minute due to the event going a little longer than planned. We were on the 2nd floor (the Loft) and it was a perfect place. The wait-staff was prompt and friendly. I was even able to bring in a cake before the graduation and they held it in the cooler for me. Everyone's food was amazing! The fire-grilled broccoli was delish as a starter, as well as the cheese board. I also highly recommend the Seafood Paella and the Caesar Salad. To add to the special day the Chef even came to our table to meet my daughter and served her the first piece of cake! This place is perfect for a special event. The atmosphere is young and hip with tires on a conveyer belt going throughout the restaurant to add to it's theme. The staff was friendly and everyone enjoyed the experience. I would recommend this establishment for anyone with a graduation or birthday party in the Downtown River District!
First time here for drinks went to the second 3 rd floor nice place really small. And no ac for some reason so it was a sauna inside tried to go to the sky bar on top but it was full and u have to check in and wait if you wanted to go up. This is more of a college crowd hangout. I was looking for a bit more of a lounge type area and some elbow room.
On my suggestion, I decided to host a lunch meeting at this restaurant. It did not go over well. 2 of my colleagues commented on the weirdness and unhealthy options on this strange lunch menu. It went downhill from there. Hands down, the WORST lunch I've ever had. Grilling a romaine lettuce half is a novelty, but when it is charred beyond recognition and tastes like LIGHTER FLUID, I'll pass. Actually, I tried to order the Grouper Wrap with mango salsa, but the menu states that it's lightly seasoned and breaded. When I asked if I could get it grilled, the waitress said no because "it comes that way". So translation - IT'S NOT FRESH.  It's Florida, there is NO excuse not to have fresh fish available. The restaurant suffers from identity crisis. It wants to be progressive with it's menu of weird pairings, but it offers poor quality food at expensive prices. They need to commit either way. Some of the options on the dinner menu seemed like they could be healthier, but weren't offered at lunch. Executive Chef Marbin Avilez needs to seriously review this. It's the same owner as Ford's Garage. Our entire party agreed that the menu was weird, the food was terrible and no one will return, unless it's afterhours for martinis on the rooftop.
My wife and I stopped in for our first time just before sunset. We went to the Skybar first - crowded as expected, no big deal - and very loud, which would have been a big deal except we were at the restaurant for dinner, not drinks, and that would put us on the first floor. The view.from the Skybar was quite nice, however, especially if you had never been DT. Our dinner was OK. I had grouper, which seemed more broiled than grilled, but still tasted fine. The vegetables were sautéed just right and the mashed potatoes were, well, mashed potatoes - nothing special. My wife had grilled salmon which, again, tasted and appeared to be broiled rather than grilled. She also thought it tasted fine, regardless. Our drinks, a martini and a scotch were reasonably priced, as were our meals. In all, we will go back sometime, but you lose the view on the ground floor and Firestone becomes just another restaurant without the view. There are better choices in the area so we may not return too quickly.
We only enjoyed drinks and music at the Sky Bar this night but it was a lot of fun. Great atmosphere, security and bartenders very friendly. Drinks were a bit pricey but expected for the type of establishment it is. We will be back and plan to eat next time!
I have been here a couple times and enjoy coming here each time. For starters, it's a posh place that doesn't have a lot of trashy people inside, so that's a great start. They have two levels of bars, martini and rooftop. Both are enjoyable. Both have DJs. Rooftop has great views and if you sit in VIP it is pretty nice. The martini bar has some seats and tables to sit around and both areas have plenty of room to dance. I ate at the grill and that was great as well. Honestly, eat at the bottom and work your way up to the roof, you can spend your entire night here.
Good spot for nightlife in a town not known for nightlife. Drinks are not outrageous. We were with the group that reserved an area for $225. That included a bottle of vodka and mixers in the area is yours for the evening.
Absolutely awesome place for great drinks and excellent seafood dinner! The mussels were ok starter but the entree seafood dinners were absolutely to die for. The butterfish and the berry salad were incredible. Atmosphere was very chill and fun, great staff. Will definitely come Back for dinner in the future. 5 stars!
wow, their drinks are $8. WTH! and it  was watered down. The hostess was rude and the server was not pleasant. Wont ever go there again.
SkyBar is a joke....bouncers are effing retards that should be lucky they have a minimum wage job. Martini bar was good, but again the bouncers might be lucky if they have high school education.
I think that people who couldn't get into Miami for Spring Break just ended up at Firestone. My friends insisted that we go, but it really felt like we were just waiting in line with people who didn't make the auditions for "Bad Girls Club." We came for the "dancing" and nightlife of this place, so I cannot say anything about the food. It was a fun house of waiting on each floor because the rooftop was "at capacity." Once we made it to one floor, we had to wait before we could level-up and be with the "cool kids". I was slammed into and glared at by all the tan 40-year-old women who still desperately held onto their party days and then packed in with all the 21 year-olds who shook with happiness to be permitted to the grand upstairs area. Finally getting upstairs, I probably stayed for about 10 minutes before leaving and going to City Tavern next door. The rooftop was dead. Oh, it was crowded, but completely still, lifeless, and trying way too hard to be cool.
I (sassafras) along with my friends Lil Curly and JHo made the trip from the Fort Lauderdale, to visit our friend, Cheetah Jen, who lives in the area.   To kickoff phase one of invading the fort, we headed out for a night of debauchery in downtown Fort Myers, and The Firestone was our first stop of the night. We were immediately attracted to the exterior with industrial facade and the color changing lights, a la Miami club scene. As we approached (around 10:30 pm), there was a short line outside, but we were promptly let in after only a minute or two of waiting. I found it very odd that in order to make it the second or third level where the bars and nightlife were, you had to walk through the first floor which is a restaurant. If I were there dining, I think I would have found the constant parade of people a bit annoying.   However, we were not there to eat, we were there to dance, drink and be merry. Once we climbed the flight of stairs to the second level, there was a pretty good size crowd but not packed to the point of sucking in your gut just to maneuver throughout the room, so that was nice. There was a live band playing, a big bar, cool decor, and just the weirdest fxcking mix of people you've ever seen. On one wall there was a Scot Disick look-a-like and his posse, and then on the other side, there was Betty White and her gang breaking it down to the throwback tunes. Old people and young people partying in the same space? Get me out of here! Up and on to the 3rd floor we go. After a short wait to make it past Fabio and up yet another flight of stairs, we arrived on the top floor. Aaaaa, now I can breathe easy, this is what I know and love. Young people, suffocating crowds, cunty waitress/bartenders and shots served in plastic cups.  The third floor is rooftop, so this in its self lends some coolness. However, the workers are dressed as flappers which definitely impedes upon the cool factor and qualifies The Firestone as #123. TTH (Trying Too Hard).  The crowd up here is mostly young but there was a sprinkling of old fogies here and there. I can't say there was really any dancing going on, most people were just standing there, but it was okay. I can't be sure, but I have a feeling this is the kind of place that charges a cover for dudes or cougars without botox. After leaving the Firestone and making our way throughout the rest of DT Fort Myers, I would say this place definitely has the best "party" vibe and is your best bet if you want to dress up and have a more festive night out.
Great food, service was lacking, but we were dressed very casual to most people. Our server seemed to try and rush us out.
I can't really say too much about this place, just cruised through for about five minutes, not very comfortable for one dude to hang out and check out.  Nice view of the area and the place probably would be nice for a group that wants to party in a cozy setting, but like the other club I checked out this on  Valentines night, didn't seem like people interacted much, the dancing was again limited by the space and uptight crowd.  Seemed a bit too cliquish too.    The closest analogue to this place in Boston would have to be that hotel bar somewhere in Back Bay that i have read about.  But there was no cover which is always a plus... Oh actually on second thought, Umbria in Boston is very similar in its layout and the fact that there are three or four floors of activities.  But the Umbria crowd back in its hey day was very international and very cool, which I'm not sure I can say about  this place....
I think this is going to be a great place in FM! Sadly I have now moved from the area, and when this place opened and I finally got there, it happened to be during a rare cold phase. So sadly, I didn't spend too much time on the roof but it seems like it would be an awesome place to hang out! The views are nice - way, way better than the only other rooftop option in the area (Hotel Indigo) where you have to hang over a high wall just to see anything. The new riverfront area is so nice, this is something FM has really needed! I also spent some time downstairs - I didn't eat but I think the food looks good - and I think it has a fun atmosphere. My friend though the moving tires were cheesy, but I think it was a fun little addition. This place does get crazy packed though. We were going to eat dinner here one night and they told us it would be almost a 2 hour wait. We put our name in just in case, then decided we didn't have time to wait so went to Ford's Garage instead. Within just a few minutes we received a text that we could get a table - I have to wonder if there was some kind of glitch in the system (they use iPads, cool but leaves a lot to error!) because there is no way we could have jumped up in the line like that! Definitely the new up and coming hotspot in FM - just consider making a reservation, especially on weekends ;)
Get the FILET!  OMG, delicious and I feel like I know my beef being currently from Alberta. Love me a good steak! Coming in, we did not have a reso but this place was recommended to us by our hotel. We met some local friends on a Thurs for a 830pm meal and we were seated almost immediately. The 4th level sky-bar was chilly and very windy tonight. Not much of a dining option we felt up there  - just couches as opposed to tables but we were thrilled anyways with sitting at a nice table on the first floor. We all had drinks to start and I will say that this place does not know how to make a Bloody Mary. Ick. Extra hot was requested and I swear there was not a shake of tobasco in it. Oh well. No complaints from anyone else at the table re drinks. My friend had a roasted beet salad that I almost ordered but I am glad I did not. She left 2/3's or more of her salad behind as it was almost all greens of the same kind. I think I saw 3 beets on the side of the plate facing me. She got a scallop appy and she was very jealous of her hubby's scallop entree meal as his scallops were much bigger! They were crusted beautifully, both dishes were nicely presented and I would consider ordering the scallops myself the next time we come here! ( the entree) I had the filet as I was craving some real protein after a week's worth of fish in FLA. YUM! I can say, it moved me. RECOMMEND! It was cooked rare, perfectly to order and came with a garlicky side of scalloped potatoes and asparagus. And not just 2 pieces of veg like the Keg gives you. I had about 6 pieces of asparagus and cleaned my plate, savored every morsel. Of note too was the bread, so fresh and served with the fruitiest of olive olis in a pesto style mix. We skipped dessert and it was good thing too as I think we were our server's last table. She made it pretty obvious when giving us our bill that it was soon closing time. Other than that she was a great waitress.
Amazing view from the upstairs bar, live DJ on a Wednesday night, lots of seating and easy access to the bar. Dinner downstairs was very good as well, we spent quite a bit of money on appetizers, entrees and drinks. Absolutely no room for dessert! Interior of the restaurant was funky and fun with the tire theme going on. You have to go to the second floor for the restrooms, no big deal though. Our server was very good without being overbearing. I'm more of a dive bar kind of girl so it was a bit outside my normal kind of place, but I enjoyed it. Good strong mixed drinks.
Good food at a reasonable price.  Nothing fancy.  GREAT ambiance.  Rooftop bar nice, but layout could be better.  Should have tap beer on roof.
Went on a Sunday evening up to the Sky Lounge. From the Grille we had the Mediterranean Salad, side of Roasted Potatoes and off the menu, Steamed Vegetables. They were very accommodating to my doctor restricted diet. The salad was a winner for my meat loving boyfriend, the champagne vinaigrette was delicious, the roasted potatoes were buttery and meaty and the vegetables were a nice mix of baby carrots, squash and broccoli. The bar staff was super friendly and attentive. I saw her actually check glasses for cleanliness before pouring drinks. A clean place is a winner to me. The ambiance is a mix of sports bar with flat screen tvs, romantic nooks with couches and tables overlooking the city and water, and club with electronica pop on the speakers. It made for a nice night out.
Extremely good location in relation to the Ft Myers Yacht Basin. The decor is DEFINITELY worth a stop. Beautiful brick, dark browns and the conveyor belt with tires - too cool! Husband, friends and my 10 year old daughter loved it. The atmosphere IS noisy and fun. VERY original. Our food was great. The wagyu beef ravioli is REALLY good! A large group celebrating a 40th bday seemed to be having a great time, too. Husband and friends loved the third floor. I just don't get the negative stereotyping on the age on here. Shows quite a bit of immaturity and I ( and lots of others) personally appreciate a diverse group when we head out to have fun. I'm fairly confident that the owners do too, this place feels set up for it and IS comfortable. We are heading back tonight so I can check out the third floor and view for myself!.
Went for dinner on a weeknight. Had reservations, but still had to wait about ten minutes for a table to come available. We sat at the bar and had a glass of wine. We had dinner on the first floor, so you can see the Chef preparing the food. We had the mussels in a white wine sauce and the diver scallops. Both were excellent. I had the filet and asparagus with a green peppercorn sauce. It was very good and cooked to perfection. I will definitely go back.
We came on a Monday evening and had drinks upstairs in the sky lounge.  Enjoyed the music(Erik), the drinks(reasonably priced$8) and the view!  Had a delicious meal downstairs. We had the prime rib the ahi tuna dinner. Both were good. Enjoyed the grill room and the help staff. They were a little understaffed and rushing around. I felt rushed. I would come again!
I've been to the sky bar a couple times now..they have good happy hour specials and of course a great view! Haven't tried the food, but it's a good spot for a drink and to watch the sunset.
I'd give The Firestone a 4.5 if it was an option.  A friend and I stopped in for dinner because it was near the theater and had a really enjoyable dinner. The food was fresh, hot, attractively plated and really flavorful -- the chef (whose name, unfortunately, I can't recall) clearly knows his way around the herbs and spices.  All of the favors were in balance.  The staff was friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere was fun.  The restaurant/grille floor is is decked out in dark wood, exposed ductwork and a tire conveyor belt running along the ceiling (it *is* called Firestone, after all), and the martini bar one floor up has a funkier vibe, while the Sky Lounge is about the view.   The Firestone hasn't been open even a month to the public, but they've definitely practiced and pulled it all together: no glitches or stumbles that one often finds with a new place.  Hopefully, they can sustain the momentum.
Great place if you're looking for the nightclub in fort Myers..... Not too much dancing. Kinda crowded but that's to be expected. Great servers, attentive  bar tenders and the bottle service and VIP area are awesome! Good experience recommend it if you come here with a group
This is a newly opened hot spot right on the water in Fort Myers. We went on New Year's Eve and they had a special menu for the evening. There was a limited number of appetizers, salads and only one soup. The main entries were also limited.  But everyone is our party seemed to find something that they could enjoy. I would like to go back when it was not so crowded and could enjoy their regular menu and sit outside in the sky bar. I loved the couches and set up overlooking the water. The service was fine and the timing of all the appetizers, soups and salads was handled nicely. We were a large party sitting in a corner and it was tough to serve us in that tight area. But our servers were very informative and patience. The Mediterranean salad looked amazing but the iceberg wedge salad was a dude. Too much sauce on top and way too small for the price. The lobster bisque soup was ordered by two of us and it was way too tomatoey and not very good. We told the waitress and the manager took care of it. It was taken off our bill. It really just looked like orange tomato soup. The biggest disappointment was the appetizer of Maryland crab cakes. I did not personally order them as I know they can not make Md crab cakes like we do in our state. They came and were very greasy and small. Only two of them about the size of a scallop. It said there was back fin lumped crab in there but we could not see much. Again the manager came and took it off the menu. All this being said I am still giving it four stars.....as the entrees were the best part of the meal. We had the pork chop dish, ( it was huge)  the salmon dish, the lamb dish with mashed potatoes and a vegetable mix of fresh broccoli and carrots, and the scallop dish. One person had the steak and said it was great and the salmon dish was the best they had ever had. I am sure they have variations of these types of dishes on their daily menu. The dishes were well prepared and presented and everyone enjoyed them. No room for dessert. We did return after dinner to go up to the sky bar. We had kept our receipt and were allowed to hang out without a cover charge. There is not normally a cover charge but the bar overlooks where the ball was dropping and the fireworks were so that is understandable. I think that this restaurant will continue to get better. They have only been open for a while. The place is amazing inside with the tires going by on a conveyer belt and the tire sinks in the restrooms. Just a great place to sit down and eat. They really did an amazing job on the renovations. They are also very willing to please their customers. We will definitely be back down on a quieter evening.
Based on what I've heard from the servers, it is not a nice place to work, and the management is very negative.  That being said, the food was actually very tasty.  Prices were a little high, but not outrageous and I didn't feel like we paid too much.  Second floor is a little night club, and top floor is a cool hang out for drinks, although it is generally very busy on the weekends.  Overall a pretty good experience.
Cool place when it's not too crowded.  Great view.
My review is strictly on the nightlife.  I came on a friday night at about 10pm walked right in took the elevators to the top floor. The place was already pretty packed at 10pm everyone looked like they were having a good time. There was a dj playing who def thinks PITBULL is the man cause we played him about every hour on the hour. Thankfully the rest of his music was not as predictable and good to dance to.  The drinks at the bar for greygoose and cranberry was about 6 or 8 dollars a bud-light was def $4 dollars and it was very hard to get a drink at this place. My vodka and cranberry was too sweet not sure if i was getting enough vodka for my drink so i switched to beer. The martini bar music was not my cup of tea not as packed as the skybar but def don't want to end up down there when the skybar is full cause they make you wait to get upstairs again. By 1130pm there is a def line to get into this place so i suggest going early we had friends waiting downstairs for a minimum of 30mins. I was there at night so i couldn't see the view but having the open air at night with people smoking def makes for a better night.  They have propane heat lamps so even on a chilly night you get a little warmth near the lamps. I recommend coming here def a lot of nicely dressed people having a good trendy time. What I did not appreciate is the garbage situation and the chairs being moved in the middle of the dance floor during the party. You are dancing and having a good time and next thing you know there is a chair over your head being moved and then there is garbage being moved through the crowd and this goes on all night long...
It is hard to judge a place on News Years Eve, much less a new place. We had a party of 13 and they had a "special" menu for New Years. I want to go back and try it on a normal night, most of our group was very happy with dinner. We had Pork chops (biggest hit at the table), Lamb, Scallops, and Fillet. All were flavorful and well prepared. Some people ordered salads and the Wedge was disappointing, it was small and not what you would expect for $10. The Mediterranean  salad was awesome and got great reviews. No one tried desert but the drinks were well mixed and even better after dinner at the Sky bar. There was no cover with our dinner reciept. I would have liked to have had a place to sit without "bottle service" this is Fort Myers, not Vegas. Overall i will come back and test it again on another night.
Great atmosphere, very professional service and interesting menu choices.  Prices are a bit on the high side which would make this a "special occasion" place for us.  Loved, loved, loved the interior and decor! Drinks are well prepared and tasty - albeit a bit pricey, too.   A ding for their food prepration is when they use an item in a dish and don't list it.  The pasta I ordered with a blue cheese sauce listed the sauce ingredients but said nothing about having onions. But it was absolutely loaded with them and overwhelmed the other flavors.   Also loved their option of ordering tiny desserts as it allows you to sample a couple of them.  BUT ... what's up with the fake whipped cream!?  For a restaurant which is touting it's professional chef and supposed focus on its cuisine, I really hate it when they take a cheap shortcut like this.  Use real whipped cream, for goodness sake! I think with a few tweaks, this can become a premiere restaurant in Fort Myers.
Food is good. Good to see downtown Ft Myers kickin it.
Place is nice.  Cool atmosphere   I like the sky bar and the view overlooking downtown and the caloosahatchee  river. food was okay but a bit over priced. More of a laid back scene not like other clubs I've been to in the area.
Really terrific atmosphere.  Food was excellent.  The restaurant is divided into floors:  Main dining room, lounge, martini bar and sky bar on the roof.  The food was excellent.  From the flat bread to the fish to the ravioli.  Just excellent.  THey offer 60 minute call ahead seating fro groups over 6.
Nice urban setting downtown Ft Myers.  The  sky bar is a nice added option for drinks.  The food was very good.  We ha the soup, crab cakes and my strip.  Service above average.  The main entrees run 25-30 dollars.  Would go back, but would also try a few others in the area first.
First off-love the fun decor. Tires going past on a hanging conveyor belt was a first for me. Rooftop overlooks the new River District and couches lend a Miami flair. Dined on the second floor overlooking the main dining room. Scallops were overly salted and still had a bit of sea grit in them (a pet peeve of mine). The seafood chowder was also overly salted, but well stocked with an assortment of chopped seafood (rich & creamy). The Butterfish was perfect, from the wasabi/honey mashed and sautéed vegetables tossed in a sweet chili sauce. Fish was perfectly cooked. Major disappointment was the seafood paella. It should be renamed  "seafood and rice". Paella is typically seasoned with saffron (not a hint of saffron could be tasted) turmeric and then the rice is cooked so part of the rice is chewy and crunchy to add texture. Charging $27 for rice and seafood was a bit much. A true Paella is worth it because of the amount of work put into it....this was not the case. Was disappointed that the kitchen ran out of peaches for the grilled peaches desert. Considering it was a slow night, I'm guessing they are still working on the ordering. Server Mallory was spot on/perfect with her service.
I have been here for dinner and lunch.  My biggest complaint is the restaurant is very noisey!! Hard to have a discussion. My 2nd biggest complaint is the seating. The booth on the 2nd floor is very tight seating and not comfortable. Same for downstairs with the chairs smooshed against the wall.  Food is good but the noise just makes me not to want to go back.  Except maybe the skybar.
