BEER, BEER, BEER. They serve some wine as well and some food now. You can also order from neighboring restaurants and they will deliver to WOB. Their services is awesome. They do get busy at times. Many TV's if you want to watch sports/news.
The one time I came here the service was good. We had a party of 8 and the waitress was helpful in informing the newcomers in the party about the menu and selections. Also, free samples is a great idea! My only complaint is the pricing. I know how much a craft beer can cost because I do drink them on a fairly regular basis but they are almost doubling the prices on some of the beers that I've seen offered at Total Wine! I know they have to make money, which I'm alright with, but the pricing is crazy! Will I be back? Only if a group of friends decides that's where they want to hang out some night again. I won't go out of my way to go have a beer there.
Never disappointed in any of the WOB I have been to so far. This WOB impressed me when I heard they had a kitchen. Unlike other chains we you have to order food from other places and it gets delivered there, they have a small menu to get you by. Defenitely recommend this establishment.
The food here is like fake food.  The music is lame.
I've been to 3 other World of Beer locations and what I love about the Fort Myers location is the cleanliness. The staff is always interested in helping you find a beer that you will like. Even if you're not a beer drinker they will find a beer for you. I have not had an unpleasant experience at this World of Beer. It's definitely the place to be in Fort Myers.
Consistently fantastic service. I drink here on a regular basis and have never dealt with less than excellent, friendly service. The selection of beer is second to none and the food is generally good. If you're a beer drinker you can't pass up on World of Beer.
I am visiting here from NJ and was very happy to find this spot right across from my hotel! The beer selection is outstanding. The food is good, (definitely get the pretzel). My server is Alexis and she couldn't be nicer!! She knows her beers, has given amazing recommendations, and let me sample anything I wanted. She is always on point! Thank you World of Beer for a great time.
Forth time giving this place a chance. Horrible service, followed by an over priced bill that charged us more than the menu states. Brought it to the attention if management. They went to fix it, credited our bill the amount in question but added a beer we didn't drink. Scam. Said here you go, sorry about that. Expecting us to not notice. Young staff that is obviously taking advantage of all of us. Stay away. I will never go again!!
As a whole, I love World of Beer as a chain, but I don't think this is one of their best location. Staff is helpful, but not as knowledgeable as they could be. They have a lot of beers on draft, but it's really not a huge variety of beers most of the time..especially if you're a fan of ciders. There have been five or six times that I've decided on a beer, only to find out that they're out of it, both with draft beers and bottles. Overall, not they're best location...but if you like craft beers, this is one of the best options in the area.
Great concept -- mmbluh execution. I was excited to try this place; it came recommended by many of the locals as a great place to go to get a craft brew.   Unfortunately it looks like someone created this cool concept, stuck it in Bell Tower, told a bunch of people to work here, and then left. We walked in - no greeter.  Nobody even really looked up.  Seat myself?  Wait?  Dance on the bar?  Stand on my head? We found some seats at the bar (we had to ask other people sitting there if the seats were empty, as there was a check that looked paid but the glasses were still not cleared.) Oh, glorious cheesecake factory style menu with pages and pages of beer!  I wish you weren't so sticky.  Flipping through you was unpleasant.   Speaking of the menu - good lord was it confusing.  I mean, I know my beer but this was just a big list of words to me.  Especially the foreign stuff...I didn't really know what I would be getting myself into.  Waitstaff wasn't helpful -- if we looked like we weren't ready yet, we were ignored completely.   So I went for what was on tap - the only thing that was NOT blatantly listed on the menu.  So I had to walk over to look - and even then I only recognized about half of what was available. Fine.  I know I like good blueberry ale - I asked if they had one on tap.  They did.  It came with fresh blueberries in it.  I had two.  My mom asked for suggestions and such, as she is more of a wine drinker than a beer drinker.  They threw her a few samples that were 98% foam, so not terribly helpful.  She ended up with Leinenkugel Summer Shandy and I ended up with the blueberry beer that, despite my request, they never told me the name of.  If you aren't going to serve food and pride yourself on the beer selection, employ people that can talk to you about the beers and point you in the right direction. Service...crappy.  The people behind the counter were too busy drinking their own beers out of the sampler glasses and texting people to notice when we needed refills. They did, however, ask us (repeatedly) if we wanted to start a tab.  Three separate people, three separate times.   I could have started 200 tabs but closing the one I had open would have been easier if I had a nascar-style checkered flag to wave in their faces. It makes me sad to give something beer related so few stars.  I feel like I would have been better off going across the street (literally) to Total Wine and browsing their craft beer selection.  At least there I would know what I would be getting.
Was excited when it opened.  It had character, great servers, nice atmosphere.  Unfortunately, it's gone down the tubes.  Beer has always been a bit expensive but, I could deal with that as long as the service was good.  Unfortunately, the servers are not only frumpy looking now, they act frumpy.  Not a good combination.  Get's two stars for the variety and location.
Several of the other reviews sum up World of Beer perfectly, and they are probably more humorous than mine... but maybe too generous with the stars. So here are the highlights: Lots of beer, and a well put together menu No Food at all Lackluster service as is well documented in other reviews.  Not knowledgeable and busy bickering amongst selves. Decent set up with a patio, but crappy, wobbly tables that aren't clean and are kind of haphazardly strewn around.   Dirty bathrooms with no toilet paper. The only reason to go here is to drink beer. Period.
Big dollar beer, but the best selection here in Fort Myers.  They know it, and since they are almost always packed, the service side shows it.  The cute servers like to chit chat with the cute guys hanging out there, instead of clearing tables and selling... well BEER! I smoke cigars, so I like this place to sit on the patio and relax while enjoying a Cuban delicatessen. Bathrooms are like a bomb shelter with zombies ripping things off of the wall and people stealing toilet paper to sell.  WTF people, really!  At the Belltower?  In 6 months that poor room has been VIOLATED!   WOB, if you read this stuff, you are an easy few things away from a 5 star review from me!
I will start this review by saying that I am not a beer drinker.  I prefer wine, and usually order that when available.  WOB has a great selection and I really love that they carry Fort Myers Brewing Company brews.  The staff is aloof, but service is fast.  They usually have decent entertainment on weekend evenings, and they draw a young, hip crowd.  Love the outdoor seating.
The beer selection is truly phenomenal, especially the draft selection which constantly turns over. The fact you can order food from surrounding restaurants, also a plus. the live music on the weekends, props there as well. So,why only three stars? Just look at the reviewers below - the style of service needs to match what they are presenting - more attention, more educated, more engaged. It's not bad. It's just that it could be so much more. Still, great place to try some beers!
Hit or miss, depending on the crowd (and depending on what you want from it.) Does it have the advertised world worth of beer? Yep! Is there a huge, frequently rotating tap selection? Yuh-huh! Beyond that it can be a bit of a coin toss: It can either be super crowded with more cigarette smoke than breathable air (its a small place, mostly an outdoor patio,) or it can be a chill place to get some drinks that's actually open past 10pm. Obviously this has a lot to do with the time you choose to go, and I suppose either potential can be seen as a negative or positive based on your preference. Just go there knowing you might need a plan B in case on which face its wearing. Side note: pretty good (and very varied) selection of music each time we've gone as well.
How will you choose from the 300+ choices of draft and bottles from the menu? Will you choose from region? Name? Type? Or strength? From lagers to ales, hefeweizens to lambics, stouts to porters, making the choice is the hard part. Never fear, their sampler paddle is great for the wandering soul. Choose 4 types from their draft list. Small enough that you can easily have 2 paddles, that's 8 types to tick off your list, but enough to enjoy each beer without getting full. There can be a few tweaks worked out though. Although the staff are friendly, they are very short staffed. You literally have to tap on a server's shoulder to get them to come to your table. It's also too bad that they are required to close the patio an hour before closing, it can get quite loud inside.
I've had several negative experiences at WOB, Therefore I feel compelled to write a review. After reading previous reviews, I see that I'm not the only one. I love beer and I have done my share of drinking it in several countries throughout the actual world. I went to WOB seeking some nostalgic brews, which I did find there. Hence the two stars. However, I must say, the service is just plain terrible. The bartenders are miserable, rude, and inattentive. You practically have to beg to get their attention. When you do get it, you are made to feel like a jerk for asking for a beer. Nearly all the people who work there just don't seem happy to be there. The only exception is Misty. She's a real bright spot in a place full of duds. In one instance, I asked a bartender if they would have 50 Club shirts when I hit my 50th beer. (Yes, I have given them plenty of chances and plenty of cash. The place is NOT cheap.) She asked another, particularly rude bartender if they would, and he said, essentially, "I don't know, if we have them, we have them," except it included a couple of F-bombs. I know it's a bar, but that's just offensive. Also, the format seems to attract a special kind of snobby jerk. I've had a few encounters with rude patrons. In short, if you want a huge beer selection, and you can handle a huge bar tab and being treated like you don't exist, WOB is the place for you. If you're looking for the friendly gentility of a neighborhood bar with patrons and staff that are genuine, and a sense of camaraderie, go elsewhere.
Part of me wants to tell people this place is bad, because I worry about it getting too crowded. But that would just be wrong.  This place is awesome and people should know that.  Not only do they have an absolutely unbelievable beer selection at very good prices, they have cool specials, a great outdoor area, and since they don't sell food (they do one thing: beer, and they do it well), you can bring in food (I recommend Grimaldi's). They also have one of the best membership clubs I have ever seen.  It is well worth the $15 to join, because you get great discounts, and when you hit milestones (50, 100, 250, etc) you get great benefits. I just hit 25 beers (I'm a n00b), and I'm looking forward to hitting 50.  My friends make me look bad, what with their 100-beer mugs and 250 beer shirts. And the servers are awesome (with the exception of one refers to herself as 'Baller' [seriously] and can never remember anyone's order).  Most of them really know their beer and what's in stock.  And best of all, there's an awesome smartphone app that you can use to see exactly what they have in stock, and keep track of every beer you've had there.  Definitely download the app before you go, it's free.  Quite simply, this place rocks.
This is a great and much needed addition to Fort Myers.  On our visit the waitress was very attentive and friendly, suggesting beers and providing samples before we made our ordering decision. There are almost 30 beers on draught and 500+ bottles from all over the world.  I would prefer it if the bottle menu was in categorized by country instead of alphabetically, but that was a minor detail. We went on a Monday night but it was still packed.  It has a great vibe - indoor / outdoor, plasma TVs with sports, and you can order food if you want from the TGIFriday's next door (not the greatest... but don't go for the food). Definitely worth checking out.
During our Ft Myers pub crawl, we came here... been waiting to visit the 'World of Beer'!! --- sounds like I died & went into the center circle of heaven!! Walked in, smaller than I thought, thought it would be the size of the pub in Mercato... bar was long & the beer menu was huge! Wanted to try something different... --"I'll have the Kona coffee somethin sumthin..." Bartender: "we're out of that." ---"I'll try the Skunk ape IPA..." (Skunk ape beer, how awesome is that??...) Bartender."ooo... we're out of that too" ---"I'll have a Coney Island Mermaid thingy sumthin..." Bartender."why do you keep ordering everything we're out of? :-)"    (If this was baseball, I just struck out, but it's beer drinkin, so I push foward) ---"what do you guys have?" Bartender."We have everything written on the chalkboard" ---"I'll take the one on the end there, the whatever it was..." Bartender."Y'know what? We just ran out of that too, that shouldn't be up there.." ---"I give up, I'll just have a Smithick's..." Bartender."OK, let me get that......... No one told me that's gone... we don't have any" Drunk guy at bar."I just had a Mango draft whatever, it was pretty good..." ---"I'll try that." THEY HAD IT!!! WOOOO!! BEER!! Bartender."Want to start a tab?" "Yes, please."    ... 3 sips into my mango beer.... Bartender."My shift is over, you mind closing out your tab? So&so will start a new one" I kinda felt like Shoeless Joe Jackson in 'Field of Dreams'... "is this Heaven??" Bartender."No, Man, this is Iowa..."
World of Beer, you are lucky you have over 500 beers to choose from, because your service is terrible and I can't believe anyone would ever return for a second experience, except for the fact that there are beers you can't find everywhere.  Owners/managers, maybe you should staff more than 1 cocktail waitress during happy hour.  Said waitress, maybe you should write down your order so you don't have to return 3 times to ask what we wanted.
So don't get me wrong, I overly enjoy going to WOB simply for the beer selection that they offer. On that note, it never fails that the service is horrible. When we were in earlier today, it took nearly 10 minutes to even get noticed while sitting at the bar....and it was not even busy. When we finally managed to flag down one of the bartenders, she was RUDE; however, she did have plenty of time to drink a Red Bull and text on her phone prior to acknowledging us. It is not the first time we have seen service like this at WOB and its hard to say if we will go back.
Poor service!! The staff needs more knowledge of the beers. I didn't like this location at all!! Salud!!
First time here.  Great service and awesome selection of beers.  Other restaurants in Bell Tower will deliver food for free.  Grand opening tomorrow, August 28. Hope they keep up the good work!
4 stars for World of Beer. They have over 30 beers on tap and will literally let you sample each and every one of them. All of the bartenders are super nice and knowledgeable. One of the girls mixed the double chocolate and the raspberry beers for me and called it the 'chocolate-covered raspberry'! Delicious! I tried several different beers, but that was my favorite. The band that they had on Friday night was pretty good--two guys, bongos, tambourine, guitar, harmonica, and vocals. This place doesn't serve food, but they let you bring in your own, so we ordered a pizza from next door. This place was fun and had great service. Great addition to Fort Myers!
Absolutely amazing beer selection. 500+ bottled beers and an impressive selection on tap. Don't go here for a Bud Light and some grub (they don't serve food, as we discovered) but go with a love of beer an an open mind. You might find or rediscover a favorite.
I suggest upgrading the service levels - especially if survival after the peak season is on management's agenda. If service improves, you would not have so many people walking their tab, hence making everyone else to give a credit card to open a tab and then wait for 45 minutes to close it out. With that being said - you cannot beat the beer selection.
Fort Myers is not exactly the place to be for night life. So I was pleased to stumble upon WOB soon after it opened. Their selection of beers, 41 on tap, will make beer lovers lock up with choice overload (try the sampler; 4-4oz draft beers of your choice). The atmosphere is loud and lively, with live music Thur-Sat and widescreen TVs everywhere you look. It has both indoor and outdoor sections, so smokers are not shunned (they even sell cigars!). Although they don't have a kitchen, the many nearby restaurants deliver (when I was there, the waiters from TGIF were working the crowd). Also very reasonable prices. Bottoms up!
Great service.  Nice atmosphere!
not a beer fan, and not pretending to be, but this place offers palatable drinks.  there are ciders and beertails and all sorts of stuff to engage the non-beer enthusiast.  for the beer lovers, the list is endless.  i'd be in love if i loved beer! the service was decent it seemed, but like others have said it doesn't seem like the waitresses really know their stuff.  also, not going to lie, i kinda felt like i was at hooters.  this isn't a college bar, right?
Found staff rude, this location pales in comparison to the one in Westchase (Tampa).  It's too bad bc the beer selection is awesome.
