My husband and I have often thought about trying the Mona Lisa since we moved here nearly 2 years ago since it's located relatively close to our home but we always seemed to have a different place to try. Last Friday, we finally checked it out and were pleasantly surprised. Don't let the "strip mall" location deter you. Once inside, the warm wood bar area and overall decor inside, gives you a true dining experience. Mona Lisa's doubles as a sports bar with multiple big screens and nightly karaoke bar, so it's not an upscale dining experience, but neither are the prices. We are huge fans of steamed mussels and the Mussels al vino blanco were fanatastic. A one lb serving is $10.95 but add another lb for just $4 more. That's what we did. The mussels were deliciously prepared with lots of garlic, onion and white wine and served with warm rolls for dipping in the tasty sauce. There are nightly drink specials available. After the mussels, we each tried a bowl of pasta Fagiole soup. Again delicious and just the right amount to fill us up. The Mona Lisa has a comfortable neighborhood bar/restaurant feel with tasty affordable food. If that's your style, check it out. Heck, we're going back tonight :-)
Great local restaurant and bar. I absolutely love their pasta dishes! It's fresh and hot and always hits the spot. The baked ziti is awesome and you get a huge portion (as do you with all of their dishes)...you get your money's worth at this place. If you leave hungry it's your own fault. I'm also very picky about alfredo sauce and theirs is one of the best I've had. Same goes for their caesar salad dressing. It's a small place, has karaoke that can be fun, but overall it's a great crowd of people to hang out with if you choose. It's under new ownership now and I can honestly say I have high hopes for this place in the future. Friendly staff too! Plus you can't beat the fact that if you're just too damn tired or lazy to go there to eat, Grub Cab delivers their food to you if you live in the area! It's definitely a local gem.
So I drank the koolaid & took some friends here tonite-first I called to make sure the Ice Cream Bar was available as the ads say-yep-guy who answered said yes starting at 6pm.  We arrived at 6:30-banners outside touting lunch specials...strip mall location...not an upscale joint.  Nice waitress, good food but NO FREE ice cream bar as advertised...waitress was embarrassed but really had no explanation...not cool...
I have dined here before, but tonight took my grandfather who doesn't like ANYTHING. Well, I told him Mona Lisa was amazing and so we went. Thank you, thank you... grandpa is still raving! Linguine in white clam sauce, to die for... holy moly so many clams! Mussels, surf bread, pizza, canoli (sp) and another pasta I cannot spell, fantastic! Wonderful service with Gabby, cheap drinks and perfect, relaxed atmosphere. Again, thank you for making this experience everything and more for grandpa and us. We will be back soon!!! Now we must all be rolled home!
Great food!  Great service! Great fun!  I went there for karaoke night and had a great time with friends.  Their pizza was beyond delicious, I just wish they delivered to my area.  I plan to come again soon.
Give up on Atlantis, man. It's underwater. Shangri-La is overrun with tourists and drinking the water at El Dorado will give you the "gold runs," which sounds awesome but, trust me, it sucks. The bar at Mona's is the real place of legend. Karaoke every night WITH Queen's Somebody To Love on the list. Crisp and spicy 25c wings during NFL games. $1 burgers/pizza/meatballs/potted cacti specials every day. And for those thirsty during the midday, 42c drafts and well drinks. 42 cents. For an ice cold beer. It really is the answer to life and the universe and everything. Bonus points for: - Prompting the greatest post-drunken moment in bed ever. No sex or anything; I woke up the following morning wearing my T-shirt as a pair of shorts. Another Tuesday, another stretched out neckline. - Being the place of employment for my elementary school cafeteria monitor, who has to be a robot because she HASN'T CHANGED in more than 20 years. - Hosting the elusive, ancient Elvis impersonator who offers the worst rendition of Hound Dog I've ever heard. But man, does his bling sparkle or what? Yelp needs a sixth star.
OK, I have read the posts about the service so this isn't news... but I have to vent a bit. We called ahead 2 weeks in advance to reserve a table of 20 for a birthday celebration. When we arrived the table was set and I thought "Good, maybe since they knew we were coming, they will be prepared for us." Boy, was I wrong. Our server was LITERALLY freaked out from start to finish. We waited so long to even order our meals that two people in our party bailed. The one individual wanted to order her meal to go (she was hungry after all) and asked if she put the to-go order in would it be done in 30 minutes. She was told flat out "no." What struck me the most was that the rest of the restaurant was EMPTY. What is this place like on a busy night? Does the staff not help one another? I think I saw tears in our server's eyes at one point. The restaurant lost out on a lot of sales that night too, we waited so long for things that we gave up ordering drinks and just finished our meals and bailed. There are far better places to go for mediocore Italian food in Fort Myers where at least the service is better.
Friendly  staff, graciously let us "hang" after we ate lunch.  Thank you.  But this is about food.   The place was empty - - just 3 tables of patrons for lunch.  Both our lunch special entrees arrived cold.   How is that possible?  The waitress forgot to bring me my salad and when she did is was ice cold, straight from the fridge.  My baked ziti sicilian was not baked, it was microwaved.  No sign of browning/bubbling of the mozzarella - and again cold.   Cross this place off the list.   Try somewhere else instead.
Mona Lisa Italian restaurant has been significantly renovated for the better since the last time I visited the place. Now I do have to admit I have only gone here during lunch time on weekdays so I cannot comment on their dinners or their karaoke events after hours. However, when it comes to lunch its an awesome place. They used to have 2 items each day which were $4.95 each and every time you would go they change the 2 items to keep it interesting. But now they have changed it so that they always have 10+ items for $4.95 each and every day and their portions are huge. As long as you order something other than a sandwich from their lunch menu they give you complimentary fresh Italian bread with spiced up olive oil which is quite tasty. Overall I would rate Mona Lisa Italian restaurant 3.5 stars and highly recommend it for lunch.
We were told this place wasn't the best, but we tried it anyway.  Wow were we surprised.  Food was exceptional; drinks generously poured; wait staff friendly and quite efficient.  Service was paced better than some up-scale NYC restaurants.  Moderately priced with individual portions that can easily be shared.  From what we were told it is under new management.  It seems if you haven't been here in over a year, it would be well-worth a trip back.  We sure will return!
Mona's is a neighborhood restaurant.  It is family owned and has been a go-to place for local Fort Myers residents since 1979. The food is prepared to order and the service is always friendly. When you come to Mona Lisa's you come for the local ambience, the comfortable and fresh Italian food and the fun and energetic atmosphere. My husband and I always eat at one of the bar area tables for the view of  the entire restaurant. Mona's is a staple in the Fort Myers community and due to the friendliness, consistency and eclectic charm, we will always come back back as long as the doors are open. Oh...the wings and "special hot" sauce are excellent. Order them dry, sauce on the side, extra crispy.  Be aware, the extra hot sauce is not for the faint of heart. It's HOT!  I love dunking my pizza crust in it for that super extra kick.  Only try this if you can tolerate the heat, otherwise have your sauce your way!
Lots of FUN!  I was unaware that they have Kareoke how fun. As for the food the Calzones are Huge and Mmmm Good. The Pizza Is Great also. I'm very surprised. This turned out to be a good find. Great atmosphere. Staff could have been more attentive. But all in all a good time. Happy Eatting.
I have eaten here twice in the past 4 days. My fiancé and I are huge fans of Italian food and this restaurant has the nice homey mom and pop feel to it. Great lunch specials and Sunday dinner specials too. Definitely reccomend Mona Lisa's and I will be sure to come back often.
Ok. I have to say a lot of people told us to go here and so we were really looking forward. The place is small but staff is very friendly. Prices are good and happy hour/early bird deals ate good. BUT, do not go here for Pizza. I know some rave about it but I am from Chicago and this pizza is on par with Pizza Hut or Dominos. Sauce was tasteless and crust too doughy.I know there are not to many options for great pizza like I'm use to but don't go here and think you will get good pizza. Docs is the closest to ChicagoPizza so far
Good pizza. I remember one of the older waitresses/owner? being like your typical mean italian aunt (my italian aunt really isn't mean though). Either way, she was just rude. My mom decided that by the end of the meal, she just had to make her smile, and she actually did. The food is really good though, so we'd come back even if she didn't smile.
Really cute place.  The pizza was yummy but cold and we ate in the restaurant.  I am not sure how you do that.  I think the owners mom is the waitress and she is really slow.  That may have had something to do with it.
Fantastic lunch deals for big portions all under $5 I think. Drinks add $$ but you get bread too.  And the ziti is amazing. Server sweet but a little slow so order it all at once if on lunch break. Homemade sauce.. Mmmm
Thursday night hospitality night= amazing. $2 drinks. :)
