Amazing! I recently visited the Ft. Myers area and a friend of mine recommended that I try this place. I started with the Perfect Lycheetini and my date had the Blu's Classic Mojito. My martini was absolutely delicious- I was a little bummed that a lychee wasn't skewered in my drink but it was still a great drink! The mojito was just your normal classic mojito nothing special but still delicious. My date and I ordered 4 specialty rolls: Mango Roll, PB&J Roll, Spicy Butterfly Roll and the Sugar Mama Roll. Definitely go for the PB&J roll...what a surprise in your mouth! It was so good that I wanted to eat the whole thing but I remembered I had to share! I thought all of the rolls we ordered were great. Thank goodness too because all seafood should be great in FL at least in my eyes! The only downside to our visit was the slow service. I am from Cleveland and most diners on a Friday or Saturday night go out to eat between 7-9:30pm. My date had to remind me I was in Ft. Myers in which most diners eat between 5-7pm. So while the restaurant was a bit empty for Saturday night the service should not have been slow. It took about ten minutes for me to get my martini and then another ten minutes for our server to come back and take our order. I would give this place another chance if I am ever back in the Ft. Myers area.
Delicious American-style sushi! They make a lot of really fantastic rolls, with a high number of very fresh ingredients. They don't skimp on things like fresh avocado, either. I highly recommend ordering a couple different rolls so you can try some of everything! The place is a bit trendy, which isn't my favorite, and on a Friday or Saturday night I wouldn't touch it (feels too much like a club that serves food), but any other time, it's great. They have fantastic lunch specials, so definitely check that out! Even an all-you-can-eat with a great variety of roll options.
Coming from Chicago, I was disappointed by the AYCE sushi options in Fort Myers. We decided on the lunch buffet at Blu, and it was better than I expected! The best part was that the quality of the nigiri. Honestly, that's what I'm there for, so as the slabs of fish were thick and tender, I was a happy camper. The rolls were pretty tasty, but I'm not a big fan of cream cheese or imitation crab (which they have annoyingly renamed "Krab"). They also are tempura fried and covered with some mayo-based sauce so I was fine with just having a taste of someone else's. The atmosphere was nice and modern and our waitress was great! She was really accommodating to our large party- volume, confusion, and madness. Two major downfalls: 1. It's lunch 11:30-2 PM. Our group was a party of 10 so it was hard to coordinate that many people for a slim time window. This also meant that we would definitely have to take a siesta afterwards. 2. You can only order two items at a time, and you cannot order again until you've cleared your plate. This includes the soup, salad, and nigiri. This is a serious one. I'm used to checking off like 10 items on a list and getting it delivered in one of those sushi boats, so this was super annoying.  I selected the tuna and salmon nigiri's, and when our first round came out, I had 4 pieces of sushi on my plate. Around the table, some people even had two rolls, which made the eating pace very awkward. Some people were finished early and hungrily waiting as others were eating their rolls. The combination of these two factors resulted in people awkwardly rushing to eat their food or pausing to wait for others to receive theirs, etc. I mean when 4 hungry people watch as you chew your food, you just put your chopsticks down. The nigiri was good quality, but there aren't many other options to order from. Don't expect any Spider Roll, Rainbow Roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll, etc.. The rolls they offer are tempura bombs slathered with the same sauce. Despite the annoying two-item rule, I enjoyed the food and the atmosphere. I'm Blu, da ba dee da ba die.
My friends and I are self-professed "sushi-snobs" who have eaten at over 30 different sushi joints throughout the country, and this shouldn't even qualify as sushi.   First, the atmosphere.  If you like overly loud BPM music, you'll love it. The decor is nice and the servers are very friendly and attentive.  If they put in half as much effort in the sushi as they do the decor and service, the sushi would actually be good. Now, the food:  The rolls were bland, with poor presentation. One dish we ordered was literally just a pile of sliced, raw fish stacked on a plate.  Eck.  In the rolls we had, the rice was not properly prepared, and the fish did not seem fresh. There seemed to be a mushy quality to the sushi rolls, which should never be the case with sushi. Overall, I was greatly disappointed. Everything seemed on pointe, except the food.  If you want good sushi, I would recommend go elsewhere!
We just ate here. First, the decor is beat. Our booth had multiple tears in the seat and back cushions. There were marks on the wall, etc. Our $10 drinks were watered down. I ordered a beefeater martini, no vermouth, up, with a twist. Pretty tough to mess up. There was no bite. Total fail. I think because we were ordering drinks they slowed our service down. Maybe, maybe not. The front doors were open and bugs were flying around. The rolls and pieces were good and I would return for that reason. But I'll order a beer, not a martini. All around, mediocre at best. Sue, who took care of us, was pretty good.
Stopped in for lunch on a visit from Orlando and was pleasantly surprised. My mother and I ordered the lava drop and volcano rolls with a spicy krabmeat salad. The food was phenomenal for the price. Atmosphere was perfect and the service was on point. I'll definitely when I'm visiting mom's in Ft. Myers. :)
I really like the food, music and atmosphere at this location.  I believe it is the original Blu Sushi location and it is still my favorite.  The outdoor seating is great for having a bit to eat and hanging with friends.   The drinks at the bar are also generally pretty good and they have a big martini list.
It saddens me to have to give this place 2 stars, as the atmosphere is pretty awesome. Very ultra, hip and trendy this place is nestled in a really quaint plaza. I was sure this place was gonna have phenomenal sushi. First, the hotel manager said this was the best sushi place in town so I took a chance against my typical Kobe establishment. I knew I should've went with the local yelpers reviews. Darn it! The hostesses were nice as can be. Bartender wasn't so friendly, didn't offer me a drink while I looked at the menu. I probably would've had one too. I got the Lava drops and Blue Sunset. Both rolls came to $28. Let me preface by saying I don't like fried sushi rolls, but since the manager praised this Lava Roll I took a leap. Bad move. It was really soggy and really bland. I also got Blue Sunset and the taste was the same. bLaNd I did notice on the previous reviews the mention of over slathering with sauces. Now I know why...to give it flavor. Thank goodness my husband packed some homemade brownies for me, I would've starved for dinner.
I eat here a lot, so I really would like to give them at least 4 stars, but I can't.  I only really enjoy one thing there as far as the food goes: Leggo my lobster roll.  It keeps me coming back a few times a month. 9 out of ten times is is just amazing.  Service can be hit or miss, and the bathrooms have seen better days.  PLEASE put some love into this place, and make this 3 turn into 4 star ASAP!
More like 2.5 stars... I have only eaten at Blu Sushi once and I'll never go back for dinner. It has a club atmosphere with incredibly loud music and the waitstaff is rude. If you are looking for nice relaxing sushi dinner this is not the place. For a girls or guys night out Blu Sushi can be fun. Try the Aloha Mr. Edison! Cheers.
I sought out this restaurant because I was wanted something unique and different.  The rolls were interesting and even sashimi had a Thai flair to them.  The crown was young and trendy, but I didn't feel too out of place.  The service was excellent and the food was exactly what I was looking for.  I would highly recommend trying them out!  This was a nice find in Ft. Myers!
I was very unimpressed with Blu Sushi. I did the endless lunch special for $16.95 and wish I could have my $17 back. I started with a house salad and small bowl of miso soup, which were both fine but really how can you screw those up? I then ordered two of their specialty rolls - the Lava Drops and Find What Baby. I agree with another reviewer in that a huge majority of their rolls are tempura'd and slathered in sauce. I should have stuck with my instinct to get normal sushi instead of their fancy pants signature rolls. I literally ate three pieces and decided to call it a day. Not worth the calories. Service left much to be desired as well. I've noticed there's a lot of mediocre restaurants and unenthusiastic wait staff in SW Florida. Why is that? Anyway, I wasn't given soy sauce, ginger or wasabi with my rolls, which I thought was very odd. Had to ask for water refills multiple times even though we were sitting outside on a sunny day. Like I said, overall pretty unimpressed.
The ambience was a little loud but the Sushi was great!
What a pleasant suprise in Fort Myers. The place has a classy and young feel to the atmosphere with a great menu any sushi loves would enjoy. It's a must if you live sushi
Every time I come here, it is always FANTASTIC! I went last Friday and had an absolutely amazing lunch, Billy prepared the most beautiful and delicious plates for me, the servers were attentive and very friendly, everything was spotlessly clean and well organized (especially for how busy it was). I will definitely be back often!
Not my favorite place for sushi. There are better sushi restaurants in town. I've tried giving this place a fair chance. Been back at least a hand full of times. I'm always disappointed in the quality of the food. I wanted to give this only two stars but the only thing that makes me reconsider is the happy hour special. The drinks are reasonable at happy hour, the environment is fun and there is outdoor seating, but the sushi has never been appetizing and fresh.
We had a very nice experience here.
Okay, I've given this 2 stars because Meh, I've had better. My husband and I went there for lunch and found it was very affordable. We looked at the dinner menu and saw prices went up significantly. If you want to try this place, I would suggest lunch. There's a strange fascination in Fort Myers with putting cream cheese in sushi rolls. My husband and I have gone to at least 5 different sushi places trying to find good sushi and they all feature lots of cream cheese. Almost every roll in Blu Sushi features cream cheese and very little raw fish. Lots are fried, cooked or have tempura. We came to the conclusion that this may be a good place for people who don't really like sushi or are new to the sushi scene. Also, they didn't give us wasabi or ginger with our sushi! We asked if they provide that and the answer was not at lunch! This was extremely weird and I'm still not sure if this is their regular procedure. However, if you go for lunch, I'd make sure to ask for these if you want them. The atmosphere is very trendy and chic; and I suspect they'd be a really cool place to hang out over cocktails in the evening. However, if you like sushi, and I mean really like sushi, go somewhere else. Our current fave: Daruma.
First off, if you are looking for a quiet sushi place to take you date.. AVOID this place. Loud, annoying house music and noisy cougars make this place a place to be "seen." Maybe thats the way they want this restaurant to be but I did not like it. AT ALL.. and i'm a young person.. so you can take your pick. If you like the young professional and cougar crowd then this is the place for you. Onto the food. I order a roll entree (cant remeber the exact name). It was quite good, not amazing but good. My complaint? ridiculous prices! 12 bucks for a 7 piece roll.. I was STARVING still after dinner. If there had been more piece to the roll I might have given this place 3 stars but its far from reasonable. Service. It was acceptable. Water took a little too long to be refilled. Biggest complaint was the paper menu's. We had to pencil in what we wanted.. I couldnt understand why this restaurant is wasting so much paper and why the waitress couldnt just write down the order.. This section might be kinda picky obviously but when you are already annoyed by the noise and lack of food you get kinda miffed. If you want a trendy happy hour sushi place, this is it. If you want a nice date sushi restaurant look elsewhere.
Trendy place.  Only been during the evening, and the three times I have been there the food has been awsome.  The sushi is fresh and very flavorful.  My friend loves edamame and it is steamed just right.  I love spicy and the volcano is hot, but not overwhelmingly that it distracts from the taste. It is a trendy place and the music can be overwhelming at times.  The music added to the neon blue ambiance creates and interesting atmosphere found frequently in places like Las Vegas.  It sort of wakes up that area of the shopping center.  Younger crowd.
this seems to be quite the area for yelp reviews! I have to say that the sushi is quite good here, but the blue neon lights are trying to be too hip, if you ask me. And I know you aren't asking me, and that is the beauty of yelp.  It isn't so much about you as it is about me. I got one of the rolls that has a funky name that ends in .com   You have to try it.  It has tomago in it, and chopped tuna. So you should try it out.
Ordinarily this hot spot for the youthful singles would be a neat place for a cocktail and conversation. Busy and fully bustling, we expect the cuisine to be stunning-- it is good and you will enjoy what the expected rolls, sashimi and salads provide. Food, however is not the centerpiece. It's the vibe and what serves as a social platform for young professionals. Edgy lounge music and lighting with lots of attractive folks at the bars. We found it noisy and the service spotty. Not particularly our type of restaurant but certainly has a cache for many. Our food n drink order was a little flubbed without causing any real problem.
You know... I like Sushiyaki better. This place has good food, but it's just a little too "hip" for my tastes. If I want techno music, and skinny supermodel waitresses and neon I will hop a plane to LA. With that said, the food is good. Worth checking out without the kids.
I love sushi, and I've tried giving this place a few tries. The first time I went for lunch, had mediocre sushi and poor service. I tried a second time for drinks and appetizers. Service was slightly better, but still not great. Again, food was just ok, not anything to write home about. I've had better.
The atmosphere is very trendy and modern. If you like loud upbeat music with lots of chatter in the background, then definitely get your sushi here. The sushi is very good, the drinks are also good, but a bit overpriced. The cooked rolls are the best. My favs are the lava drops and the PB&J roll with spicy tuna. The service is good for the most part. It's a good spot for a Thursday, Friday or Saturday night. Sometimes Blu will have live DJs. Mixed with drinks, the upbeat music and the social atmosphere, if you're  lucky... the night just might get interesting.
I have been traveling to Fort Myers weekly for the last 6 months, and have just found Blu, and not a moment too soon. I have eaten sushi at other places in town and regretted it. Not so with Blu. The atmosphere is a bit trendy for Fort Myers, but I like it. My only complaint- I went on "2 for 1" drink night. I ordred a drink and TWO came. Now, that sounds good in theory, but the second sat and got watered down while I consumed the first. Luckily I drink fast. The wait staff was a bit aloof for me. I have been to quite a few "high brow" places and dealt with attitude before, but come on, this is a stip mall in Fort Myers. Lighten up. The prices are not "bad" but not good either. Good thing I am on expense account and I don't really have to worry about things like that.
I enjoyed this placed very much! The waitstaff was great and very attentive. The sushi was good and we thought the spicy tuna rolls and tempura and Maputo was great. The gyoza ( like a potsticker ) appetizer was good and the shrimp that was like bang bang shrimp.
This place is almost more martini bar than sushi restaurant.  I sincerely doubt that they have any thing other than a giant rice steamer in the back.    They have a sushi counter and a one page list of gimmick-y rolls, that while somewhat kitchy in name and design, are very tasty.  One of my favorites is called a Cool Hawaiian, I think.  It's got tuna and pineapple, and kiwi on top. The atmosphere in this place is fantastic.  All mini blue tiles and stainless steel, with cool pendant lights.  They make some really cool drinks too.
Great food, less the cream cheese Cool digs, with awesome atmo Could stand to cut the a/c a bit
Ok.
I have been to a lot of places and i can definetly rank this in my top 2 for Sushi in Fort Myers. It is as fresh as it gets. On the weekends you have DJ music, people, dancing it is really great. I mostly go to the Blu in Gulf Coast Towne Center. If you want a good time this is the place to go. It is just all around fun. Happy Eating
VERY disappointing news, but they are NO LONGER offering the all you can eat lunch special. Instead you have to pick just 2 rolls and get soup or salad for nearly the same price. Real let down. Despite the feedback from customers, they are still moving forward with it. We won't be going back.
Food was great.  The drinks was even better.  However, the service sucked!
They have a great all-you-can-eat luncheon available Monday through Friday and delicious specialty rolls.
The sushi was AMAZING. Wonderful combinations with very fresh fish and ingredients. We just kept ordering and ordering rolls, it was so delicious. It was clubby for a Thursday night, lots of folks in going out attire, but lots of fun and good music.
Great quality, delicious rolls. The rolls are almost too pretty to eat!! Highly recommend the Lobster roll and Blu Special. Hands down my favorite sushi place in Ft. Myers.
I've never had a good meal here. I think all the rave is due to the fact that the food looks pretty and the atmosphere is trendy/hip. However, when I go out to eat, I want the food to taste good as well.  This is more Americanized sushi- the majority of the rolls are either fried, have mayo, or are cooked.  I can see why people who haven't been exposed to sushi much would like this place. The presentation is good, but it's not enough to win me over. This place is WAY too overrated for what it is. If you're a sushi connoisseur, don't go here. You'll only leave disappointed.
The best sushi. Period.
Excellent sushi and decent atmosphere. Not as good as Sans Sushi, in the Cape, but pretty darn close. I like the variety of sushi and if you can, try the Lava Drops, they're to die for. I personally think they're a bit over priced for what you get but they can get away with it because of the trendiness. As a night time hangout place it's OK, nothing special. I'd say it's way too loud for the size of the place and that's coming from a guy who listens to hard rock and metal!
Great food and reasonable service, but the menu is very limited.  Be sure to try the crazy drinks from the bar!
Haven't had a bad roll yet.
Best sushi in town! Innovative menu and fun atmosphere
Went with the hubby and baby for mothers day lunch (the Saturday before) we got the all you could eat which was nice.  I had never been here during the day to see it in the sunlight and it is UGLY they really need to repaint and get new chairs it looked trashy.  Our service was so slow.  They didn't even bother to offer us a high chair or booster seat I had to request one.  They do however have a $5 kids menu so that was a perk.  Overall not impressed once again.
Really excellent sushi!
All-you-can-eat Lunch is a great deal for sushi at $12.95 pp. Sushi was good, and there was plenty of choices. Just went there with family. Great decor with a very attractive and friendly waitstaff.
Nice atmosphere...good music...However, the table service could be polished...Fun!
meh.  just not that great!  being on the gulf i expect phenomenal fish and sushi, and this place just doesn't live up to my expectations..  most of the rolls have many fillers, sauces, or are fried - not my thing, so I went for simple and had some sashimi as well.  too bad the fish just wasn't that flavorful.  my martini was good but far too overpriced for having little to no alcohol in it (i expect at least a buzz after a martini!). i like the other location better.  although the interior looks nice here, it doesn't seem well maintained and i think that it is so dark for a purpose..
I'm satisfied.  The service may be a little weak, but the kitchen, food and management is grade A.
It was much better years ago! The endless lunch is premade refrigerated sushi. You can taste it!!  The atmosphere supersedes their food by far!!!
While a little pricey, this is the best sushi you will find anywhere.  Kind of a fun atmosphere, but definitely styled for a younger crowd, while all ages will enjoy it.
Five-star atmosphere, but a bit heavy on the nori when wrapping their sushi. The Sarasota sparkling water is refreshing, and they keep it in a cooler at your table. Very nice place to hang out with friends, but there is sure to be better sushi out there somewhere.
The sushi is pretty good. The atmosphere is nice. I really don't think it's THAT expensive, but I tend not to eat more than one roll. For Fort Myers, this place is not too bad! I have also been here for drinks a handful of times at night...but I'm not much of a fan. The drinks are too expensive...if I want to pay that much for a drink, I'll drive home to Miami-Fort Lauderdale. So, minus one star for that. However, food is good!
This place rocks. You have the friendliest staff and the best sushi in LeeCounty. It is hard to say what I like most.  Billy and Tony always take such good care of me I feel like a king. I only give it five stars because there isn't more stars.
The Blu on McGregor has seriously gone downhill this past year. I'm not sure if there has been a change in management but the staff has. Quality of food and service has changed for the worse.
My friends loved the Sushi!  They said the Tuna Tower and Zulu Shrimp were their favorite appetizers.  The staff were incredibly accomodating and went above and beyond to make sure that me and my friends were well taken care of.  I highly recommend it!
I really like the scene at Blu sushi, it is more south beach than fort myers and that is really cool.  but, the food is not great.  the prices are high and they are very cheap with their fish portion size.   you just don't get much for the money (well except atmosphere).  if you are looking for great sushi but no scene go to Asia in Fort Myers they are family owned and run and you get fresh sushi for a much better vaule.
Blu ...YUM! THE best sushi in town, no doubt. Great atmosphere, great drinks, and an over the top sushi menu. Its def. a place to be "seen" if your into that, or just really love good food like me! The "Find What Baby" is my favorite sushi roll of all time, I have had others that are similar but nothing beats this place - not anywhere around Fort Myers anyway!
This place is great to go too and either eat or have a drink with friends at night. When I was there they had life music from a band outside the place but once they were done they had their own DJ. Can't comment much about the sushi as we had already had dinner when we got there but the one Sushi Lava that we had was great.
