Fun atmosphere! Nice outdoor dining area. Server was friendly and did a good job. Food is ok. Prices are reasonable. Overall a fun experience.
Stood at bar for 20 minutes while bar tender chatted with friends. Got tired of waiting and left with out being served. As I walked off I heard one of the locals trying to get the bartender's attention so she would serve me. Shame. Nice patrons, lazy staff.
Food is great and such a variety of choices.  Prices are really good. Nice atmosphere and service is great!
We've eaten at The Dog about five times now and we love it.  Good food. Great atmosphere.  One of our favorite places in Cape Coral.  We'll end up being regulars.  :-)
Yum! The food was delicious! Must try the coconut shrimp appetizer. Atmosphere was great, love the concept! We came here off season but there was still karaoke going on and it was a fun place to sit outside, eat, relax, and enjoy our last night in Cape Coral!
We've given this a couple of tries always to our disappointment. My husband REALLY wanted to try their Italian Dog- peppers and onions with cheese on a all beef dog- brings to mind the delish Italian Sausages with grilled peps onions and gooey melted cheese- mmm!  NOT!!!  A regular old hot dog, on a tough bun, with RAW onions and SPORT PEPPERS (yes the little yellow//green ones you get on a Chicago Dog!), and cold cheese sprinkled on top.  Worst of all the waitress confirmed before and after the arrival of the dish that there were supposed to be CARMELIZED Onions on it and red peppers.   Additional reasons to NOT GO- tables are very close and MANY heavy smokers hang here, so you better not mind it right in your face, along with the noisy traffic and motorcycles, a face full of diesel fumes during rush hour (or as they call it Happy Hour).  That's on the "patio", inside is like a tomb, dark and unappealing. Their prices are nothing great even during happy hour, and the menu is pretty limited- it's SW Florida for Pete's sake add something fresh to the appetizer options! Won't be going back that's for sure- Bad Dog!!
A 3 1/2 stars      Well maybe I should not review this, I was real hungry and did not eat ALL DAY. I went here at 4:30 pm on a Wednesday. This was referred  by my hair cutter's hubby & kid It was a block from the shop. Anyway it is a bar & grille with at least 15-20 TV's through out the place. with small monitors at some of the booths. The WI-FI password is "lazydog1". Place is clean staff friendly. The parking lot was full when I got there. Its sandwiches burgers,sliders and some entrees. A little bit too big of a menu. I got the Reuben with cole slaw. Lean meat a thick marble rye bread. It was served quickly and hot. Cole slaw was said to be house made. I am not sure if all these places are making their own cole slaw. They seem to be using the same recipe. IT is good but taste the same. Sandwich fell apart in my hands but it was good eating. Maybe more meat and sauerkraut for the price. $8.99.  I was still hungry when I got home. Anyway try it I will again.
This place is great to reland and just have fun. Food isn't spectacular but it's definitely good. Very laid back and awesome service.
My new favorite in The Cape. Last night was our third visit and I finally remembered to Yelp about it. The food quality here is great and you can get anything from a burger, soup, salad to a pot roast dinner.  Last night I went with the grilled pork chop dinner. It came with vegetables and a choice of one side. Hubby and his friend had the pot roast dinner which was just like moms - soft and tender in a brown gravy with carrots and potatoes. Other diners went with burgers (the one with bbq sauce and onion ring) Ive had this before and its great, wings (my daughters favorite), and a french dip. Everything fresh, hot, delicious. Oh and we started with the coconut shrimp and the mini corn fritters. Both very good and the dipping sauces great. Everything here is reasonably priced, including the drinks. Free entertainment Thurs-Sat plus if you have a dog that you want to bring out to lunch or dinner they gladly allow this on their outside patio. Very lively local bar scene here (mature bar scene). Dinner last night for 7 of us with 11 alcoholic beverages was $145.00 plus tip - like i said very reasonably priced for good quality food and drinks.
Boy... Have things changed...  And not for the better. The great bartenders and servers seem to have left. Apparently, this place is now under new ownership. The food and bar service is now really slow. I read somebody's below review talk about the long-haired male bartender. Everything that person said is spot on. He really seemed to make people uncomfortable. We had to constantly remind him for our drinks and he forgot to put our food order in.  We used to go here at least once a week. But, we will be venturing elsewhere until things change.  Only reason not going one star is because the food is still really good.
This has become a lunch-time standard for us at Coldwell Banker! Quick service, variety, and quality servers. I like being able to catch up on news on the tv at my table. My favorite is the burger with blue cheese...Oh my! GREAT! They have all-you-can-eat specials in the evening. Call for the current offerings.
Love that this restaurant is nearby! I've meant to stop here for quite some time, so glad I did! Big menu, lots of appetizers, burgers, hot dogs, and sandwiches! The restaurant is equal parts bar, inside dining room, and outside patio. Food specials early in the week (Fish-Monday, pasta-Tuesday, sliders-Wednesday), plus drink specials all week and live music on the weekends. Everything we ordered was great! The service was very nice as well. Definitely a spot we'll return.
The Dog Bar and Grille's website advertises an all you can eat fish dinner on Mondays.  I arrived to find the restaurant has been under new ownership for 3 months - the all you can eat dinner is 33% more - they refused to honor the web price.  The fish was undercooked and very greasy.   While I enjoyed the patio dining, I will not return
This is an awesome place to take your dog to. They have a beautiful outdoor dining area and the staff is super friendly. Cold beer, great sandwiches, and a fun atmosphere make this a hidden gem in Cape Coral.
Nice atmosphere food was okay service was Great, They also have live music
Service was ok.. Food was mehh!! 8 bucks for a fruit plate with like 6 pieces of fruit.Burger was ok..roast beef was dry as boot leather...outdoor deck and smoking at the bar , almost saved it...close but probably won't go Back
The service was wonderful, however, the food was not my favorite.  We ordered a flatbread appetizer that had so much balsamic vinegar on it that it was really not eatible.  We left after appetizers to eat dinner somewhere else. The atmosphere was great, however, and they have large outdoor seating.  They also have a nice selection of draft beer.
Had our Valentine's Dinner at the Dog tonight.   Thank you for the rose, that was a sweet addition to our visit.    The meal was excellent from beginning to end.   Bruschetta was the beginning.  It was perfect.  Next came our dinner of filet mignon and lobster tail.   The filet mignon was cooked to perfection and the lobster tail was tender and sweet.   The vegetables were steamed to perfection.  Also delivered to our table was a plate of Au Gratin potatoes which were creamy with the perfect amount of cheese.   The desert was a wonderful end  to our dinner.  What could be better than chocolate to complete a dinner.   We highly recommend this restaurant.
I hate to lower my original glowing review but our last meal was a disaster. The service was horrible and a quick lunch quickly turned into more than an hour and a half. The food finally came and the portions were fairly small which is surprising for $11 and $12 salads. While the chicken and steak on the salads were tasty the lettuce and produce wasn't fresh. This brings me to the end of the meal. One of us found a hair in our food followed by a roach climbing up the wall right at the very end and we were seated inside. I know this is Florida and palmetto bugs are everywhere but it just topped an overall poor experience. I didn't one star them as we have had good meals here but at this point Hooters just down the road has better salads and I am not the biggest fan of that chain.
Pretty good food for a bar.  Burgers were good.  Good service and we love that we can bring our dog if we sit outside.  If you sit inside, they have a sort of indoor/outdoor bar which is pretty nice.  It is nice for a change.
Friendly bar tenders good food cold beer and my Dog Bailey loves it here mostly because she is welcome on the patio and the waitress brought here a dish of water.
Brought my dog we both had a drink and Telly enjoyed Al Holland
