A beautiful mall with a wide selection of retail and dining options. I really enjoy going to the TJ Maxx and Ross here as I always find great stuff! Other than that you have stores from Apple, Best Buy, Target, and many more. I would say this is a little more of an upscale mall with tons of great options for more pricey stores. I also enjoy coming here to grab a bite to eat with friends. You have all sorts of dining from Mo's, Stir Crazy, Olive Garden, Tijuana Flats, Five Guys, and many more. Whatever you're feeling you'll probably find something that'll cure your hunger. They also have a pretty nice movie theater with plenty of movies playing every night. Always great to grab something to eat and hit up the movies afterwards. This is a super nice mall with tons of options, stop in and you won't be disappointed!
Nice variety of stores and a nice area to walk around
Best Shopping Place on the west coast of Florida! Enjoy it! You will love it! Bestes Einkaufszentrum an der Westküste Florida's!
Humongous, most beautiful outdoor mall I've ever seen with every store imaginable; a veritable one stop shop-eat-movie-buy groceries experience. It was raining so I stopped a gentleman in a golf cart for directions to the Apple store *darn Siri* and he was the complimentary shuttle driver! Since I already had parked, he shuttled me to the store, dry and quickly. This is how to do it!!
Stellar retail shopping area in an outdoor shopping environment.  Newer and very spread out so put on those walking or athletic shoes or you will find yourself wanting to drive over to another area.   Parking is plentiful.  They are located off HWY 41 and have several entrances. Lots  or eating establishments and plenty of sitting areas or benches along the way to rest your feet. Lovely place!
Beautiful, everything you want if you had $, elegant, classy. Only one thing, it's an outside mall so right now it needs air conditioning. Theres an Apple store so you know you are at the right place Theatre, restaurants on the outskirts, retail on the main strip. Perfect Christmas stroll, weather cooler then too!
Holy guacamole. This is my kind of place. While staying in Fort Myers, this was one of the highlights of my trip. In the Fort Lauderdale area (where I live), there is mall upon mall upon mall. Outdoor malls, high-end malls, outlet malls, malls shaped like alligators, etc. etc, yet, Coconut Point Mall still managed to impress. The Coconut Point Mall is an outdoor mall, and a place to do "real" shopping. The kind where you go from store to store and can get just about everything and anything you want, the everyday kind of stuff. The Miromar Outlets, which are located  pretty close, seems like a mall made more for a splurge, like getting a new Micheal Kors' bag. But this mall has small boutiques, discount stores like TJ Max, department stores, Target, shoe stores, specialty shops, movie theater and some great restaurants. Not to mention Yogurt Mountain which has to be the best froyo I've ever had! I've outgrown the froyo trend months ago, but this stuff was awesome (open up on on the east coast of FL!!!!) One of the great added perks is the free shuttle service! This place is huge, and being that it is outdoor and in the FL sunshine, not having to walk from one end to the other is great. This mall is dog friendly, beautiful and huge.
I could have spent all day and I wanted to. Every store you could ever want. Definitely the best shopping in Southwest Florida. Do yourself a favor and go check it out.
When the developer began building Coconut Point, I thought -- how on earth is this place going to thrive? Isn't there enough commerce in the area? In fact... a glut? Then the economy tanked, and yet this place has not. It's designed as an outdoor Italian walking mall. Relaxing music piped in through the place. Lots of good restaurants splattered throughout the mall. However, to the north, there are some really large anchor stores like Target and Best Buy as well. It's really enjoyable to just walk around the place, wander in and out of stores and see what you can find.  There is also a movie theater -- one that I hope to try soon now that the kiddos are old enough to go! So while this is still a mall (let's not kid ourselves), I don't cringe at the thought of going there, but rather look forward to getting in some fresh air, sun and shopping.
Ahh Coconut Point, so pretty. Reminds me of The falls, except so much bigger and better This place is like a little city! Most of the shops are set up in a "street" that has pipped in music and doggie fountains. Yes i said doggie fountains! I have always said if i were to create my own city or town it would have pipped in music, and doggie fountains... this place was my little Kaleenaville in the making. Continuing on the tour of Kaleenaville there is a little train for the kids,  a movie theater, a target, an old navy, a best by, a fossil, a dillards, an ann taylor, and the list goes on and on. There is so many places here, if you cant find one place to walk into that even slightly interest you, you have to be a rock and unable move because there is something for everyone. Oh which brings me to food, they have a whole food island here. A hemmingways, a hurricane, a stone fired pizza place, a california pizza kitchen, a grape, a starbucks, and a marble slab but that's just the tip of the food iceberg there are tons more places to fit everyones tastes. They even have a world market... so stock up on your pocky here! The whole place is just great! I can spend a whole day here and not even notice. Get all the shopping i need done, and want done and if i want i can take the dog too! Sad part is i only get to visit this mall on mini vacations up north. Bye Kaleenaville, until next time.
I have been here a couple times now in the past few years.  This place has a lot to offer if looking for several stores in one place and some places to eat as well.  It very clean and a cool place to walk around.  They have small stores and large anchor stores and a movie theatre.  Many options for men & women.
Great place to spend the day and go shopping. If you have children or a man with you they can be left happily at the movie theatre. There is a World Market, with various trinkets and furniture from around the world, Ross and Target, Outlet stores, amazing higher end dining to grab a drink or lunch, and of course, Super Target. Coconut Point is a  beautiful outside mall showing off the good life we enjoy in Florida
This mall is so nice and has everything in the world. not only do they have the typical mall stores, but they also have stores that are usually in smaller shopping plazas like Target, Pier 1, Ross, TJ Maxx, Petsmart, etc. If I lived close by, this would definitely be my one stop shop. It's so pretty here, there are tons of palm trees, and this mall is so pet friendly. this is a great place to go to when it's not super hot out. That's why March at this mall was perfect. I really do love outside malls with restaurants where they have sidewalk seating. Love it here.
I visited Coconut Point mall during my trip to Florida. Coming from Jersey, this is a mall experience I'm definitely not used to (since it's all situated outdoors...and each shop is in a separate building). Coconut Point Mall is massive and spread out along a huge area. There's a little bit of everything from restaurants to clothes stores, and it has it all. I'm used to indoor malls and prefer them. Regardless, It's a nice looking mall and is well taken care of.
This is a very nice shopping center definitely worth visiting.  It's an open street style shopping.  It's huge and has office condos and residential units within the area surrounded by lakes and a boardwalk.  Strolling around here is pretty neat.  Perfect place to eat, shop, or even catch a movie.  Yes, they have a movie theatre here.  Plenty of stores to shop for men, women and kids as well as restaurants to choose from.  No Macy's or Bloomies but they have a Super Target and the department store Dillards.
I am a Coconut Point regular having shopped at least once a week for a long time. My family enjoys all the shopping dining at this great spot.   While recent radio ads are touting what a dog friendly destination Coconut Point is, I have noticed a change.  I was asked to move to a different area in one store and was barred totally from entering another.  My 8 pound pup was zipped completely covered in a dog carrier and was silent.   We all recognize that malls cater to affluent women and affluent women love to have their tiny pooches accompany them on shopping trips.  Mall management needs to have a conversation with their tenants and explain the real dollars behind this error.  It also might be a good idea to review  the federal laws regarding service animals - I've got one.
What a GORGEOUS place to shop! All the stores are new, large and also friendly. We managed to get there for 10:15 am and it was pretty easy to get a parking space which was fought over when we were leaving. Thankfully we also had a map with us so we knew the areas where we wanted to go and easily found the bathrooms. Can't wait to go back on my next visit!
Overcharged at three diffrent stores. Computers in all three had the wrong price for items purchased . At bed bath and beyond we were helped quickly and  with professionalism . Next DSW shoes not so much. First my wife tried then I had to point out to the manager we were incorrectly charged after ten minutes she reluctantly agreed and her tone changed from friendly to curt. No further eye contact was made and we received a reluctant credit followed by silence no offer of apology or regret. The last and worse was Aeropostale , unable to understand their own reciept , or math ,we spent over an hour trying to get things straight. They were cold and uncaring, the manager Tasha F  after 7 diffrent receipts for one transaction thought she had it correct . She did not. We are in contact with the head office of Aeropostale and have e mailed copy's of receipts to the companys home office with no reply yet. Three stores. All rang items up incorrect. Costumer services ranged from ok to horrible! Buyer be ware. Do not let these stores get away with this it may be a couple dollars on your reciept but if done enough it's thousands of unearned dollars in there pockets!
Big and clean and safe out doors dog friendly movie theatre, ross, target, sports authority, petsmart, dillards, VS, Ulta, DSW, seriously this place rocks. a great balance of fancy upscale stuff and down to earth realness. Love it!
Beautiful shopping center with a lot to do! Great variety of stores.
Very nice shopping center with a good mix of retail and restaurants.
I always love shopping at Coconut.
Took my youngest dog there this morning - the whole mall is dog friendly!! And shops are great!!!
