I recently moved to Fort a Myers and due to other yelp reviews I put off checking this mall out. My opinion is unlike most of the others because I liked it! Nope it isn't a mall full of luxury shops which is good because I can actually buy things instead of just window shop. Lots of little areas to entertain kids and a kids club with events throughout the year. Plus there are comfy chairs for the bored men scattered throughout. Their is a great Disney Store here! And a small Yogurt Mountain inside the BooksAMillion.
I'm biased, I'll admit, when I write this review of Edison. I hail from cities with exceptionally good mall choices (Atlanta and St. Louis, both), but even so, Edison Mall really only fits among the lower offering malls in both places. Sad but true. I came to Ft. Myers with my boyfriend a few weeks ago when we were visiting his sister who'd just had a baby boy. As you may imagine, the new mom (for the second time) was in pretty desperate need to get out of the house for a few hours with her three week old, and we were happy to oblige. The mall trip actually killed two birds with one stone: get the baby out in public and I got to see where my boyfriend's first job in the States was after moving up here from Trinidad & Tobago. When we got to Edison Mall, he told me it looked much as it had when we worked there at Berdine's (now Macy's). What it said to me was "I was built quite a while ago and am in need of a major facelift and updating." The collection of stores is much the same as you'd expect at any slightly-below-middle-of-the-road mall: Books a Million store, Bath & Body Works, Macy's, Express, Frederick's of Hollywood, Claire's, etc. and a food court, of course. We made a complete loop of the mall and I saw the Macy's, which used to be Berdine's. We also ended up eating at a funny Sbarro buffet-style place in the mall, as the baby had fallen asleep and the more he slept, the better. All in all, Edison serves the purpose of the residents of Ft. Myers, but I'm glad it's not my primary mall.
I've lived here my whole life and this mall is what it is. An average place to burn a few hours a couple times a year. Average stores but a bit better for me at least with the recent addition of JP Sports. Typical mall. If anyone visiting the area wants to do any real shopping they need to go down to Estero where they find Gulf Coast Town Center, Miromar Outlets and Coconut Point. That is where shopping shines in Lee County.
The edison mall is considered the flagship of ft myers. Its one of the oldest established malls in the area outside of the gulf coast town center.  As a kid i would come here and walk around with my friends but the quality has taken a dive. The stores are not high end stores and people follow you around as if you want to steal rather than ask you if you need help. I guess most of the stores are use to theft all the time. That is definitely a turn off and bad for business, the only stores i like to frequent are dillards, disney store and the shoe stores. Everything else is a waste basically. The parking is horrible on some days seems like the whole town is at the mall. The food court could use a face lift and some new food eateries
This place is a drab and  the food court is okay, the only good store is the lids locker room and any of the sneaker stores
This place does not have a good selection of stores. On top of that take great care to hold on to all valuables. If people aren't trying to steal from the stores they're trying to nick something off you.
Following the reviews of the yelp users we were very uncertain if it was a good idea to go to Edison Mall or not. we did go and actually we liked it. Finally not an outlet. Yes, it was not a premium and luxury shopping mall, but it was well organised, interesting stores for different tastes. nothing really to complain, nothing really exceptional.
I don't know what happened to this mall. It was never amazing but it's has really gone downhill in recent years. I kept thinking am I at Walmart? When I mentioned to a friend how bad it was she said oh yea nobody goes there anymore. My parents also told me to make sure I left before dark because they have problems with drive by shootings. That being said, the Disney store was ok and I picked up a few things for my son at a good price. And the Macy's has a Mac counter but other than that BAD! A lot of no name "filler stores" as I like to call them. Overall I would be ok never stepping foot in there again.
Well when anyone goes to Ft Myers/Cape Coral, they usually do these things: 1. Go fishing. Cape Coral has maybe the best fishing of anywhere in the U.S. Tarpon. Snook. Redfish. Sea Trout. Snapper. Catfish. Grouper. The list goes on and on ... Guides are really booked up here, especially if you know where to go and what to do. 2. Go boating. With 200 miles of canals, everyone has a dock and a boat from 5 feet to 75 feet. Then you can go out into the river and farther out to the Gulf. With the water getting greener and greener, dodging all of the other watercraft on their merry ways. Who is unhappy on a boat? No one that's who. Every human being from 3 to 93 loves to sit on a boat and take off into some type of water body. It's instant vacation and on an 80 degree day, which is every day in Cape Coral from October to May, the wind and spray are only better for the body, soul and spirit. Especially when you have a pod of dolphins playing and jumping in the boat wake as you speed along. 3. Go shelling and walking on Sanibel and Captiva Island. It's only a hop, skip and jump over the bridge and you are in a Caribbean-type island with gorgeous white beaches filled with the most amazing shells you have ever seen in your life. A perfect place for a honeymoon trip or an anniversary trip or a well needed getaway from civilization. Nothing beats shelling on Sanibel. 4. Go to the Ford/Edison museum. Did you know that both Henry Ford and Thomas Edison had homes in Ft Myers? They could live wherever they wanted but they both chose this part of the country to be in. And having bought two homes over the internet sight unseen, I really understand why they spent their winters here. It's perfect. No crowds. No smog. All outdoor activities and I have to be outdoors as much as I possibly can be. Or at least have the windows open to the sun. Clouds really get to me and when it gets dark at 4:30, I am not a happy man. 5. Go shopping. This is where this place really stinks. There is literally NO upscale shopping anywhere in SW Florida outside of Naples and Sarasota. The Edison Mall is the biggest in the area but it is like going to Oakridge or Valley Fair. Totally low-budget. It's dirty, with pushy people and in-a-hurry tourists clad with hawaiian-type shirts and striped shorts and pulled up black socks bumping in to you or trying to park their oversized Cadillac into a compact spot. So if you are used to better, prepared to be majorly disappointed when it comes to perfume-smelling shopperies like Bloomie's, Macy's or Neiman's. Elegance is out in C.C./F.M. Especially with respect to Edison Mall. You might like Bell Tower, it's nicer but not New York, San Francisco nice.
Edison Mall is a typical American mall with typical mall stores.  It's the only "typical" mall in the Ft. Myers area (not an outlet mall, outdoor mall, high end mall, strip mall).  Evenings and weekends the clientele gets a little shady, but if you know where to park and stores to go to you can avoid most of it (outside of Dillard's or Macy's 1 I find are the best). The parking lot isn't that great, some parts are not well lit at night, and overall it's a pain to get in and out of. Overall fine if you need a typical mall store. Review #800.
I grew up most of my childhood in Fort Myers, and I've literally had several nightmares in the past few years that have involved the Edison Mall, although I haven't lived in the city for over 5 years. The nightmares involved me having to shop in that mall and being stuck and not able to get out! ...or maybe the nightmares are just the idea of being back in Fort Myers in general. ;) Anyhow, this mall sucks, always have and probably always will.  Very trashy, crappy selection of the "bare bones" shopping mall stores (as in, Victoria's Secret in the most upscale thing there) and old and depressing overall.  If I never have to go back there (or Fort Myers...hehe) that would be wonderful. Go to Bell Tower or make the drive to Coconut Point if you need to shop.
I honestly hate writing one star reviews just as much as the next guy, but this place earned it. The selection in this mall is pretty horrible, with businesses constantly moving around and coming and going. It's rare that a business in the Edison Mall stays for more than six months. Unlike a larger cities such as Orlando and Tampa, or even Miami, the Edison Mall just does not have anything unique to offer. They have to GameStop in this mall, one on the outside and one on the inside, which is absolutely useless. I can't even imagine why you would want to have two of the same stores in one mall, that offer the exact same things. Talk about killing variety. The Edison Mall is primarily a hangout place for teenagers and young people, but does little else. Their food court is dirtier than any other food court I've been to in other malls, and also doesn't have anything worth visiting, yet again. If you want food that isn't that great and is extremely overpriced, this is your place. The Edison Mall's management is absolutely horrible, and treats their customers with disrespect in every way possible. They clearly don't care anything about the customers that come into the mall, which is unfortunate. In fact, every single other mall in the entire state of Florida closes at 6 o'clock on a Sunday. This mall has chosen to close at 5:30 on a Sunday, but no one has any idea why. I asked the merchants, the storeowners, and even the mall security, but no one has any idea. The reason this place early one star review was that I was very disappointed that I tried to come to this mall, rather than other malls such as in Estero or Naples, and I got here at 5:35. If I had chosen to go to Estero or Naples, they would still be open, because every mall in Florida is open until 6 o'clock. However, this mall chooses the close it's doors at 5:30. I drove 35 miles to come here, just to waste a trip because they are special and wants to close their doors faster. But that's not even the last point that I have on my plate. The last and most important point is that this mall is simply not safe to visit. There have been shootings at this mall, where people have died. This is mostly because the Edison Mall is in a very bad location Fort Myers, where gang members frequently come to hang out and poach on customers and shoppers. If you're ever trying to go here on Black Friday, you should have 911 on speed dial, cause every year, someone here gets hurt, injured, or even shot and killed over some silly shopping deals. They do midnight releases at GameStop also, where people who have gotten their midnight release item are frequently robbed. Security, or the police, refuse to assist and provide any sort of assistance during the midnight releases.
After reading these 1-2 star reviews, I was SCARED. However I stayed in Ft. Myers for a week straight and had nothing to do after work. I decided to risk it and go to the mall. It's SMALL, however NOT BAD, NOT TINY and a descent selection of stores. I've been to HORRIBLE malls in small cities, and this was not one of them. All in all, I was happy to walk around, window shop, drink my starbucks and waste time. Stores were nice, people were friendly and place was clean. No, this is NOT a high end mall (gucci, LV, etc).... however it's the average mall with the regular stores (gap, fye, etc)....
I guess it is en vogue to hate on this mall. I don't get it, do people really come to FL to mall shop? Seriously, the malls here have the same stuff the malls in the frozen north have. This isn't a bad mall if you have to go. If you want upscale shopping, consider Miami or Naples.
Went to the Perfume Collection and got ripped off. I spent $130.00 on 2 perfumes that could have been bought at Macys for $55 total. I tried to return the items the same day and the clerk would not let me return the product for a refund. None of the items are labeled with prices so they can charge you whatever price they want to. They also have a NO RETURN policy, and will not allow you to return something 1 minute after you have purchased it. This is illegal in Florida, but the owner is a scum bag and doesn't care if he is ripping you off. I will NEVER go back to this mall or the Perfume Collection store again. Stay away from this place.
Maybe I'm going against the grain because I lived in the worst place in America (New Jersey) but this was a really nice mall in my eyes. It was clean, uncrowded and had a bunch of decent stores. I was able to park within a good 20 yards from the entrance late on a Friday. I didn't get mugged and didn't see anyone's grandmother get their foot broken by thugs, so I don't know what all of this commotion is about. If you want to see "bad," let me show you some malls in Jersey City.
One of the few indoor malls in Ft Myers with a wide variety of stores and kiosks.  Rennovated within the last 3-4 years it is now a much more comfortable place to shop.  'nuf said.
Typical mall - stores range from the $ to the $$$ depending on your taste
GAH! Avoid this place as much as you can! I haven't been back since 2004, and I know they've done some renovation, but seriously this is the worst mall ever. Bell Tower is way better than this place, and now that Coconut Point and Gulf Coast Town Center have been built, I'd highly recommend checking those places out before you head here. I use to work in the mall, and would always feel gross coming into this place. It's extremely trashy and cheap. Also, my mom's car was broken into here, and my friend's car was stolen! It's just not a safe place. Stay away!
I remember when people were allowed to SMOKE in the MALL.  Yes, smoke in the mall!  When I was a little kid, my mom would make me tag along with her to Edison Mall for a weekly shopping trip.  I hated it then, and I continued to hate it throughout the remainder of my childhood.  This is THE mall in Fort Myers (mostly everything else is outdoors and not really that mall-like), but it's a pretty sorry excuse for a mall.  There are very few decent stores and it just has a grimy appearance and feel.  I haven't been there since about 2003 or so, so things may have changed, though I doubt it, knowing Fort Myers.  Also, my grandparents were held up in the parking lot once when I was about 11 or so.  They broke my grandma's foot.  That was so not cool.  If you're moving to Fort Myers, you might want to get used to internet shopping...or bring your own mall.  It could be less of a headache than trying to deal with this one.
The staff in Journeys is rude! I guess they are only used to the ratchet drug dealers spending money, because they by passed me to tend to them on multiple occasions. And then they attempted to sell me someone's used returned shoes ! The nerve ! I will never give them a dime of my hard earned money !
This mall offers poor directions to different shops..staff not to friendly either..if you require a size larger than a XL your out of luck better to save the gas and shop on line.FYI Penny's  does have a up stairs you have to ask for directions to get their no signs to letting you know this or what's up stairs. Stores have either closed or been replaced by another and are not listed...very disappointing go to Naples.. Or Bell Tower Shops..
