Average water park. The price is about the same as Wet N Wild in Orlando, but you have fewer slides, no wave pool, and you can't bring your own food or beverages into the park. The slides are all functional, but look like they could use some repair and a fresh coat of paint. The crowd is a little rough: unattended kids, rowdy teenagers, foul-mouthed adults. I brought my son here because they are having an end-of-season discount of $10 a person. I'm sure we will be back, as this is the only water park in Lee County, but it could definitely use some improvement.
Very average all around. Not too many rides. Staff was a bit rude.  Not even the patrons seemed very happy.
This place is a huge waste of money. There are very little amount of slides to ride on. A very low supply of tubes. There were barely any sprinklers to help the burning concrete. Only one pool to really swim in. The staff is very rude and overall this place was a giant disappointment. Never again
Pros:  They have a huge kiddie area and slides that kids can ride even if they are little.  Rates are pretty reasonable.  Park is relatively clean. Cons:  Not enough chairs!  We got there at 11:00 and could only find a seat in the hot sun.  $5 for parking???  Why?  My son tried to climb up a slide and the lifeguard had to climb up and get him and I had to fill out paperwork because he touched him.  Also my son got a huge lump on his head from another slide that nobody was manning and there were too many kids going down at once.  They made me sign a waiver so I couldn't sue them.  They seemed more concerned about that than actually seeing if he was ok.  I will probably go again but make sure I get there early to get a chair.
This isn't 6 flags nor is it Orlando. It's a small family water park where majority of the crowd is parents with their kids. There's pretty much a couple of slides and there's a lazy river. There's also a small area for the much younger kids. If your looking for some serious adventure and don't want to waste $30-40 this isn't your place then. However I can personally say my experiences here have been pretty decent. I'd have to say its worth eating dip and dots.
First time visiting with cousins that live down there.  Had so much fun and could've spent all day there if it hadn't started raining.  Very inexpensive compared to many other parks I've been too.  Slides for all ages, lazy river that you could literally stay in all day!  Will definitely visit again when I'm down there next.
All in all, we had a pretty nice time. I felt the rates were reasonable and that it isn't that big of a deal to pay the $3 to park.   The lifeguards weren't friendly at all.  Most seemed pretty darn miserable. I would think that hanging out in the water, and actually having a job in today's job market would be something to be quite grateful for... guess I am wrong in that aspect. My children had a great time, though.   The park is small enough that the family can easily find one another, but large enough that the kids have plenty to do. There is a lazy river that circles the park that's relaxing and a nice way to go from ride to ride. The website is really informative and easy to navigate.   I would suggest, however not buying the sandwiches, as the bread is pretty darn gross. The fries were good and I would suggest getting the Sun Splash Souvenir cup.  Even though it is $7, it's only $1 to refill and it's large enough to share and cheap enough to refill a few times, for sure! We got there at 10am on a Sunday when it opened and had the park pretty much to ourselves until about 12:30.  We left around 2 when it was finally becoming quite crowded. All of us felt like we had enjoyed the entirety of the park and were ready to end our time there. I would suggest this for a Sunday AM family outing, as it was really nice to be able to ride all the rides with little or no line, but wouldn't want to be here when it's crowded, as it is a pretty small water park.
