First a heads up -- this is NOT on Sanibel Island. It is about a mile off the island, but very easy to find. I just want to make sure people realize that before it is too late because it can take a very long time to get off the island with the standstill traffic. Now to the review. My boyfriend and I went on the dolphin watch/sunset cruise and had a great time. The weather was beautiful. We went in March, but please do take a jacket! While it was hot during the day (85), it still was very cold and windy on the water! My boyfriend was fine, but I was in pants and a jacket and was still chilly. We were on the boat with Andrew and Jim and they were wonderful! They were both very nice, knowledgeable, and funny. They definitely made the trip a good one. The sunset was so pretty and we were able to see dolphins playing at a distance. They obviously cannot guarantee what animals you will see, but we did see some dolphins playing which was neat. We also got to see osprey, pelicans, and a bald eagle. Also, I recommend hitting up a bathroom before you go. While a bathroom is available on the boat, it did not seem very ideal as it is a small boat. You can also bring your own drinks (just not glass) and they did provide complimentary pops and bottled waters. I would double check before bringing your own stuff though before you go just in case the rules change. Overall, I highly recommend the dolphin sunset cruise. It was a great time. Visited March 2014
This was AWESOME!!! Went on a family trip Saturday morning. It was perfect!!! Our Captain's Glen and Bill couldn't have been better. They were very knowledgeable, set up beach chairs/umbrella's for all of us on the island, stopped the boat to see LOTS of dolphin's coming up to the boat, took us to Barnacles for lunch to enjoy great food and music, back on the boat for a nice ride back. PERFECT DAY!!! We are planning another trip and I will go on this same tour again. 5 stars for sure!!
Loved the shelling and lunch cruise. My only negative was Barnacle Phil's which sucked- pack lunch and use your time to explore. The crew on the boat was awesome and knowledgable and showed us lots of cool things and gave good info. Boat was very comfy and well stocked. I have booked cruises with adventures in paradise for years and never had a bad time. They are super organized and good at what they do.
Wow. I cannot speak highly enough of this company. Family-owned and operated, they really make you feel like part of the family! We took the Shelling and Lunch Cruise, and at $55/pp, it was a bargain! We had plenty of room on the full boat, and were treated so well by Captain Noah and Matt! The two of them stopped along the way so we could see dolphins or other points of interest, and threw in so many great facts about the area! We spent about 2 hours on the shores of Cayo Costa shelling and exploring. Cayo Costa is perfect pristine paradise! We stopped on the way back for lunch at Barnacle's on North Captiva, which is a total dive, but delicious and quaint none-the-less! I cannot wait to return to Sanibel so I can take another trip with Adventures in Paradise!
I took the Shelling and Lunch Cruise a few days ago.  $50 for 6 pretty relaxing hours actually ended up being quite the deal. We left from the Port Sanibel Marina in Ft. Myers (the last stop before having to pay a toll on the road..yay!).  Our Captain (Larry) and first mate (cute girl studying marine biology, but forget her name) were funny and friendly.  Alas, someone needs to buy Captain Larry a new Jimmy Buffet CD, as his is so worn out it kept skipping over...and over...and over again.  Gahhh.  Thankfully there wasn't any music-blasting as another reviewer had stated.  Unless the boat was going slowly, you couldn't even hear the music. When I arrived at 8:45, there was a line of people.  My cruise group was mixed in with people going on a fishing tour.  It wasn't clear who was going where, and when the announcement for the Shelling + Lunch Cruise was made by Capt. Larry, most people (including myself) didn't hear.  Thankfully someone else in line (on the fishing tour) clued the rest of us in. When Capt. Larry saw something in the water - matinees, dolphins - he would stop and point them out, giving us an opportunity to see and take pictures.  This actually happened frequently. We drove about an hour out to the "remote island" that was apparently created/re-created after Hurricane Charlie.  They had about 20+ beach chairs to let us borrow, so 1 chair for every 2 or so people.  Still, I didn't expect any chairs, so that was awesome.  The island was narrow and I was happy to have walked both sides of the beach.  Both sides were very diverse: one had water that was more stagnant and had ankle-calf deep water, lots of driftwood, live shells, and lots of live/burrowing crabs; the other had the crashing waves, shells and shell parts.  The former was nice to explore/more nature-y, and the latter was nice to relax and look for shells.  We had about 90 minutes on the beach before we took off to Barnacle Phil's for lunch. My only suggestion about the lunch portion is that I hope they give Barnacle Phil's a "heads up" when the tour is coming, because docking with 45 or so people seemed pretty rough on the waitstaff.  We were allotted 90 minutes for lunch, but I personally didn't eat until 70 minutes in. Then, I felt extremely rushed.  I felt bad for the waitstaff (I only saw 3-4 of them) who were trying their hardest to navigate between the Cruise patrons and others who had docked for lunch. If you go on the cruise, make sure you're well prepared: not only for the beach, but for the hours on the boat.  A few preteens/teens had books or drawing pads, but a lot of the kids seemed bored after a while.  Not that being unoccupied and staring out into the FL waters is a BAD thing. :) I'd definitely go on this tour again, and recommend it to others.
We took the sunset dolphin cruise on a beautiful winter evening.  For the price, a great time was had by all!!!!  First, they picked us up in a cute shuttle, the driver of the shuttle was also the 'mate' on the cruise and he kept us smiling with his comments and helpful Island info.   The cruise itself was a pleasure.  After going through the channel at idle speed, peering into million $ mansions and fantasizing about what color we'd paint the living room, we reached the open waterway where we watched dolphins prance, white pelicans sun, and bald eagles nest.   Our only comment?  Give Jack a microphone so that he can be heard throughout the vessel.  If you aren't sitting right nearby, he is hard to hear.
For a mere $25, the afternoon dolphin cruise is a steal!!  The staff are more than willing to turn the boat in any direction where dolphins are spotted. I was also very pleased with their willingness to ensure everyone had a good time. They offered to take pictures for you with your friends/family, and always kept an eye out for dorsal fins at the same time. I'd highly recommend this to anyone in the Ft. Myers area.
Like the others I cannot say enough about the others about this fabulous company and their cruises and staff...I have probably done almost every cruise they offer and every single one has been pretty much perfect.  They have called if weather was going to be bad, or if the cruise was short on people and have been quick to offer alternatives.  The Eco tour is great for kids from 3 to teens and they are very accommodating to families with special needs kids too.  Great great time.  I've tried other cruises: at 10 years coming to this area, this ones the best!!!
We went on the Shelling and Lunch excursion and it was wonderful.  Captain Jim and his partner Caitlyn yesterday, 02/04/14 and it was a blast.  Great shelling and good conversation.  We saw several pods of bottle nose dolphin and Jim did whatever he could to make that happen.  They are great conversationalists and again, thank you!
My family and I recently went on vacation to Sanibel Island. My brothers and I really wanted to go kayaking so we decided to try out Adventures in Paradise. Adventures in Paradise was very reasonably priced compared to some of the other places we checked out. It was only $25 for a double kayak and you didn't have to pay per person which some other places like to charge. It had great scenery and we even got to see some manatee and a lot of jumping fish. I only really have one complaint. A few of the paths really needed some of their brush trimmed. It was really hard to get through some spots especially with the little black crabs on the trees. It also would have been helpful to know that we needed to go back to where we started, it did not show this on the map that was provided. All in all, it was a great time and I would be interested the next time we go trying out one of the many cruises Adventures in Paradise has to offer.
While this company has the potential to be an excellent source of fun - it's staff is severely lacking in the personality and people skills department.  We went on the Sea Life Encounter Excursion and I couldn't even tell you the name of our Captain, I THINK the name of the Mate was Kenny, or Kyle... I don't know.  The Mate is the one who did any talking that happened, but he didn't speak so that the entire pontoon could hear him, so if you wanted to have a clue as to what was going on, you had to catch his attention and wave him over for a private type conversation. We rode out to Picnic Island where we 'beached' to net for wildlife.  There was a brief "use it like a shovel" instructional, the Mate took off for sea grass while we bumbled around the broken shell beach.  Others in our party found a small crab, and a horseshoe crab shell - so that was cool to see.  When the Mate came back in he had found a pinfish, a conch, a needlefish, and a slimy green thing for us to look at.   Then we re-boarded and swept the sea with a tube net to see what else we might be able to find.  After 2 attempts here's what we got to see:  A spider crab, a regular crab, more pinfish, a type of puffer fish, and a shrimp.  No real education to go along with it, but the kids got to hold whatever they wanted for photo ops - so that was good. This had the potential to be a super outing - if they were able to plug in some key staffers who actually LIKE people and engaging them.  Even the lady who seems to run the place was irritated with the children before we boarded the tour boat.  Not a great first impression.  They do good business though - as the phonelines are always busy. There are other tours available, although admittedly by the Mate they haven't had much luck seeing dolphins or manatees on the other tours.  Kayak rental available as well.
I have gone on their fishing tour with my son twice now. Overall, we had a good experience both times. The first time, the boat was full and it was hard to get our lines in. I gave up on fishing, and just kept my son company while he fished. The first spot we went to wasn't biting, so the captain took us to another spot that worked much better. We went on the cruise again this year, and there were fewer people on board (16), which made it a lot easier to cast out our lines. The fish were not biting as much, but some people caught a few. Sadly, my son did not catch anything, so he was disappointed. The staff is great. Relaxed, helpful, and friendly. I felt comfortable with their level of safety and knowledge. I do wish the cruise was longer. We were definitely wanting more than 3 hours!
We took the shelling and lunch cruise and had a fantastic time. We love finding shells and by going to a beach that is not over crowded with walkers and beach goers this was great! We also enjoyed barnacles for lunch. A fun little beach dive that you would never know is there. We left the dock around 9am and got back by like 3:15pm. The boat ride to the island was about a hour-- so 2 hours on the boat, 2 hours on the beach and 2 hours for lunch is how it all worked out. There wasn't any down time if you take full advantage of the beach time and dining at barnacles! We will do this tour again with friends and family!!
Decent trip. Captain and his partner were friendly but I found it a bit annoying that he could pipe Kenny Rogers through the speakers on the boat, but not himself. So the only people who could hear his tour notes were the passengers sitting close to him. We did come up on a group of dolphins and that was fun to experience but very limited viewing. Sort of wish the Captain did more to encourage them.
We went on the Sunset Cruise with with 5 friends on a perfectly beautiful evening.  The boat was full and the Captain and his partner made sure everyone was comfortable.  They seemed extremely knowledgeable and their insights would have lent great value to the cruise, unfortunately there is no loud speaker system on the boat so no one could hear the points they were making,  The lack of a loud speaker system on this type of cruise is just plain dumb!!   With that said, the actual cruise was delightful, with incredible views of the Sound and the many islands,  Our group has seen many sunsets on Sanibel Island but the view of the sunset from the boat was very unique and breathtaking.  We had a chance to see a large pod of dolphins on the way back to port and the Captain did a great job of staying close so everyone had great views and photo ops of them frolicking in the water. A highlight of the excursion was being picked up in a trolley and driven over to Port Sanibel for the cruise.  Jack was a delightful driver and made the entire experience pleasant. If the owner would spring for a loud speaker on the boat, it would actually be a first rate experience and one I would suggest to any and all visitors to the area.
Adventures in Paradise offers visitors of South Western Florida various chartered experiences in and around the Fort Myers, Sanibel, and Captiva waterways. Adventures in Paradise offers shelling, sea life, sunset dolphin, fishing, and other interesting ways to explore this unique and often untouched coastline. Personally, I found Adventures in Paradise to have a very informative website and we completed our entire transaction over the phone. For adults, the entire day is $55.   This remainder of this review is about the Shelling tour that they offer. We arrived at 8:45 AM for a 9 AM tour. The tour quickly got on underway and had roughly 45 individuals on the boat. As you make your way out to the beach the two crew members share safety instructions and some basic information about the lay of the land. These two individuals were very helpful, informative, and they attempted to make sure that everyone was having it good time. It takes about 30 minutes to get to the beach. Once there, the crew drops you off on an isolated beach that is apart of the local parks system. There were a couple other private boats docked near by but for the most part it was completely empty. The shelling was great and we couldn't have asked for more. There were a ton of complete shells ranging from some rarities to more common offerings. You are on the beach for two hours and if you use the time wisely you will easily get more than your monies worth. When you arrive the company does provide chairs and umbrellas for those who are interested. After the shelling is complete the boat goes to another remote part of the island for lunch. You are able to eat lunch at Barnacle Phil's and spend roughly an hour enjoying the scenery. This was fun and will be reviewed individually. Following lunch you get back on the boat and return to the marina. The ride back to the marina is long, roughly an hour. During our trip this ride was broken up as we came across two different dolphin pods and stopped for pictures. Overall the entire experience was exceptional and I would recommend it to anyone looking for some interesting shelling opportunities or who has time to burn. The only drawbacks that I experienced were some of the individuals taking the cruise were a bit strange and the ride back really takes a long time. Otherwise, we really enjoyed ourselves.
Phenomenal. I've been to the Sanibel area multiple times over the past few years, and this tour company continues to standout as the best in the area. I originally went on their sealife encounter back in 1996, and have kept doing tours with them in the ensuing years. I'm sure that the negative reviews are outliers and not the norm. I've never found the staff for be unfriendly or rude. I've done both the sunset cruise and the sealife encounter - they were both great for the price. As far as I know, this is a family owned business and if you want to experience the "real" Sanibel, going with small tour operators is probably the best way to do it.
