Yeah! Another excellent day at the beach with the fam. Bring your guitar, your wife and kids and just kick back. Lots of shells, ok waves for a gulf beach and lots of gorgeous rays of Florida's most abundant resource. (no not illegal immigrants :p ) THE SUN!
Always a nice place to relax. Beach is always clean and never gets too overcrowded. We always try to get there early and ride our bikes down the beach and away from most of the crowds. Great beach for shelling. They have a snack bar but we always pack a lunch and snacks.
Florida State's Lover's Key is a well maintained preserve located  right between some of the most populous beaches in southwest Florida.  Although narrow by comparison to the broad stretches of Ft Myers Beach, or even to the Naples' beaches, Lover's Key is closer to Nature's blueprint than the others.  There are more shells on the beach, and the dunes have plants that are desirable for avoiding erosion and for providing habitat.   A funky hot dog hut called Hurricane Charley's is on the south end.  Also there is a good sized, elevated gazebo to provide shade and picnic tables for those who want to come but can't tolerate as much sun as their family on the sand just a few feet away.  A truck with a cow trailer converted to a passenger transport will carry visitors and their beach gear the short quarter mile to the beach from the parking area.  Bike, Kayak, canoe, and fishing gear are available to rent, though don't expect bargains.  Their rates are comparable to commercial providers just outside the gates.  Several hiking trails, that are hospitable to bikes too, are on the north end.  Uniformed State employees hand out maps as they take entrance fees.  They also provide periodic nature talks; a schedule is prominently posted.
Absolutely a must see - over and over again! On our first visit, we went to the beach.  It's absolutely breathtaking.  The water is clear and the sand is white with lots of beautiful shells.   There is a shuttle that takes you down to the beach but on our second visit we realized it's only a thousand steps to the beach ( really nice walk over a bridge and such).   One of the things I love the most is that they have really great restrooms for public beaches.  They are alway really clean.   Another favorite part of Lover's Key is the estuaries.  We go paddle boarding there. It's always an adventure.  The first time, we saw six manatees.  There is nothing cooler than boarding over the top of three manatees in a row OR looking back to see a curious one following behind your board. You honestly never know what you will see.  On our last visit, we had a dolphin follow us around for hours, playing in the water- going under our boards and doing the seaweed game.  SO COOL! However you see Lover's Key- see it!  It's simply beautiful.  If you can see it via paddle board (SUP) you'll be even more amazed.  The fish and birds are crazy back in the places you can only get to via paddle board.   Very magical place.
Offered a half day of fun.  We rented a canoe for 4 people that was a little tipsy but it was a good time.  Saw some huge birds and some cool fish. Really wanted to see a manatee cuz they look so damn fat and cute in pictures but unfortunately they were hiding or something. Liked it a lot.
This is a wonderful place to spend some time exploring local flora and fauna!  Entry is cheap, it's small enough to be managed in a day, but large enough for you to feel like you're away from the "civilization" that is Estero Boulevard. We like riding our bikes here.  The land is flat flat flat, the paths wide and sandy, easily maneuvered by bike.  On foot, too.  I love the combination of beach and wetland scenery.  We've spotted all kinds of birds from blue heron to snowy egret, as well as alligators!  Eee! Check it out when you're in the area.  It's a nice quiet escape from the commercial beaches nearby.
I came here on a Saturday morning to check out the hiking trails. I didn't see the main beach, the side entrance I used on the north end of the park was only two dollars.  It doesn't have direct access to the main beach.    I had hoped to see some wildlife and the trails didn't disappoint; I spied a pair of Osprey, a Gopher Tortoise, Bald Eagle, and a very cool Orb Spider.  A few people there said there are matinees and dolphins but I didn't see any.  No big deal b/c I'll definitely be back for some more trails and waterways.     I'm new to the area but this park seems like a cheaper alternative to the beaches on Fort Myers Beach just up the road.
Wow what a great place to spend a day at the beach. We spend a day here during our stay for 2 days at the Lovers Key resort recently. Its just a stones throw from the resort but a 5 min car ride will work better. Weather was perfect . beach was clean and not too busy and we were fortunate enough to see manatees and some dolphin right offshore.
During the Memorial holiday the beach by Naples they are all packed. In here you only have to pay $5 dollars and you don't have to worry about finding parking space. They have transportation that will take you to the beach from the parking lot. So you don't have to walk too far away. The only thing that is not so good about this is the ladies room by the tram. The A/C is broken. The smell was really bad and we can't even walk close to it. I think they should just put a sign saying the bathroom is broken rather than still making people to think the bathroom is working. I was disgust by the 1st bathroom. But the bathroom by the beach is normal so. Don't worry about it too much.
This was a great place to explore for my bf and I...lots of bug bites for me of course, i must have sweet blood! ugh, anyways : ) We got to take some pics of great natural homes for the animals near the water here. We met a Manatee in the water and some birds and lots o' bugs! : )
An excellent state park. Entry is a reasonable $8 for a carload and they have rentals of canoes, kayaks, bikes, and perhaps more. The park consists of the key (which has a beach stretching between the dog park on the south and the hotel on the north), as well as another couple of estuary islands. We rented a canoe (for a fairly steep $47 for 4 hours) and were able to exit the estuary and navigate around the north side of the park to the open Gulf. The waves were calm that day, so this would not be possible just any day. We then had a picnic on the beach, and turned around and headed back. You can figure it takes an hour to get to the open water of the Gulf of Mexico under reasonable paddling. Most canoe/kayak renters just take a lazy trip through the estuary hunting for manatees and dolphins, but going around the outside is very rewarding, and I would think you would be pretty likely to see dolphins there, too (though we did not). The canoes do not come with anchors or rope, so you may want to bring some if you want to fish effectively. The beach is really good. When we went it was understandably crowded because of the date/weather, but the beach is big enough that you can find a secluded patch to yourself if you are willing to walk. The sand is pretty soft. There is a LOT more wildlife on this beach compared to others in the area. The facilities at the concession stand seemed ok, but not great, and the concessions were overpriced, but that is usually how these things go. There are apparently many waking/biking paths at the park, but I did not use them. 5 stars, but minus one for the high price of renting canoes.
State park was great - beach is really good for shelling, not the best beach in the area, Sansibel has better beaches for sitting on, but still good fun. Staff are really nice apart from the lady in the gift shop who behaves like you are disturbing her by being there. You can bike and / or hire kayaks as well.
For a gulf coast beach, this can't be beat. It is beautiful, clean, and not as crowded as some of the more touristed areas. There is some great shelling but be prepare to arrive early. The tram is a fun and easy little addition.
What's not to like about a FLA beach in February when you're from the north.
i wish i could say we spent more than 1.5 hours or so here, but we didn't have a chance..  the beach was pretty though not the best around as far as nice, soft sand goes, but a great place for shelling.  it looked like there were a million outdoorsy activities to do (i.e. hiking, biking, canoeing.. whatever you want!) and i am a little sad that we didn't have time to do any of those! my greatest piece of advice is to leave before sunset, i.e. before the bugs come a 'lurkin.  i literally had at least 40 bites when i got back and nearly itched to death for a week.  my friend did, too.  in fact she suggested that they rename this key to "bug lover's key".. i'd have to agree with that!
Beautiful, very private, awesome location. I can't wait to come back!
Beach is beautiful but waves are non existent.  Good for families with small children - just don't bring the dog - no dogs allowed on the beach.  Toilets are conservation toilets - so basically a hole in the ground with a toilet seat on top although they are clean. Good for nature hikes
Beautiful scenery. Great mix of beaches and nature hikes.  Bring bug spray on the hikes!
A great place for novice kayakers/canoe to get started and see some really awesome wildlife. We saw birds of all shapes and sizes up close and manatees and their pups playing around. Great adventure.
