Went out on a private charter with captain Chris and John. Did the full day and it was a blast. Chris and John joked around and helped us all day. Would book them again.
We were finally able to take our teenagers on a deep sea fishing trip.  We did the half day trip.  Our experience overall was just ok though. We found the staff to be friendly & outgoing, the boat was mostly clean (except the bathrooms).  But be aware when the boat is full, with the fishing poles about 18 inches apart, you must often stand sideways to fish and will end up spending a lot of time detangling crossed lines.  Although the staff was helpful, this was frustrating.  With over 100 people fishing on the boat, it was just too many!
My 12 year old son and I went out on Capt Tony's 65' Fishin Express II boat on Tuesday November 23 for the 9:30am to 3:30pm half day trip.  It was the first time he had ever been deep sea fishing and the second time for me.  We had a great time.  In total we caught 20 fish ranging from Porgi to Lane to 2 Groupers that had to be tossed back for being too small.  There was a 2 hour ride out to the fishing spot, then we spent 2.5 hours fishing and then another 2 hour ride back.  We actually got back to the dock at 4pm so we were out longer then anticipated.  The 2 mates on the boat filleted the fish for us and bagged it so we left with food ready to cook when we got home.  We cooked about half our catch and ate it all.  All the fish was excellent. The cost for me was $58, for my son $40 and then there was tax and tips for the mates.  The mates were very good and helpful to all of us.  Ron and Tommy were the mates that day.  All totaled I spent less then $140 for the day and my son had a fantastic time.  (Anyone over 12 is an adult and pays full fare.)  Will we go back????  Yes, we will.....maybe not every time we come to FMB but we will definitely go again.  There is no guarantee that you will catch any fish when you go out, but on the day we went we caught a bunch and had a great time.  They offer all day trips and night fishing with prices ranging from the $58pp up to $150pp depending on what you want to do.
My son and I spent $129 including tax plus a $20 tip to the mates only because I felt bad for them. We had a new captain, with a boat with engine problems that cut our fishing time, the a/c wasn't working and the fishing was terrible. The boat was too crowded and I never saw a fish over 12 inches come over the rail with the average fish around 6-8 inches? All in all one of the worst charters I've ever been on. I usually fish with bait that's bigger than the average fish that was boated today. Save your money and fish off the beaches or a bridge for free. Horrible day.
Great crew and friendly service, but.... WAAY too many people to be doing fishing, as each person is standing shoulder to shoulder, the lines are constantly getting tangled.  Perhaps the experience would been more positive done in less crowded boat?
Mates were great...way too crowded And very limited fish were caught.Id save my money and take a private charter!
Great time! Crew and capt. Are very helpful and we had a great time fishing!
First time out deep sea fishing.  Two hour boat ride was a little on the long side for my taste.  First spot was great for about 20 minutes.  We then relocated and the second and third spots were horrible.  Last spot we went to also proved to be great for fishing small snappers and porgi.  Two keeper groupers were caught by the entire boat, which was too crowded at about 70 poles given the limited deckhands.  Our group of 8 people had some fun, but given the circumstances I can't justify more than 2 stars for the entire experience
