Pauly's has reopened! I think it was closed for serving underage kids a few too many times, but they're back open now. Nostalgia made a few friends and me check it out. "Remember all of those good/crazy times at Pauly's?" The place is ... so clean. It didn't smell like a trough, and even the heaters were dusted. The lights were freakishly bright and hardly dimmed at all. It seemed like a respectable place. Not the Pauly's of yore. But just about everything else remains the same. Most of the crowd were non-college aged folks, likely other people like us who just had to get a peek at their old stomping grounds. There are still darts and a pool table. And PBR drafts were $2. Solid. Service was on the slow side, but I think it was a tone they were trying to set. But still man, I hate waiting for 5 minutes at a bar with money out and having the bartender serve other people who just walked up with no money out, or asking everyone else if they want a drink before me. So most things are the same. A few touches here and there. We'll see how things progress, and I hope it says open. It's got character.
Went to Pauly's to see Joe Louis Walker show on a Friday night. The clientele was friendly and the beer selection is above average.  It's a small place to have a show, and was basically shoulder to shoulder, but the bartenders were still pretty quick.  Look forward to going back.
Pauly's has been there forever. I believe it was a brothel back in the day. Beautiful old bar, it's had some legendary performers. I remember James Cotton playing there. Basically an old time Blue's bar with a lot of history and cheap drinks.
I used to be a Pauly's regular back in my undergraduate days. I can (vaguely) recall many, many happy hours and rugby drink ups here. I still remember the dollar bottle specials. Eventually, I became of age, grew out of the place, it was shuttered for awhile and voila, one day I was reading they turned over a new leaf and returned as a jazz bar. After seeing some decent beer neon signs in the window when passing by, I decided to drop in to relive the memories. The interior hasn't changed. It's still a dingy hole in the wall with the tin ceiling, crappy bar stools, trashy bartenders (who were busy gossiping) and smell of stale beer. We were asked if we were there for jazz night, as there was a cover charge, but they let us by when we said we were in for just a pint and the show wasn't to begin for another hour. The beer selection has gotten better. From Busch back in the day to Goose Island and Dogfish Head, I was impressed. However, a Goose Island and a Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA was $12. I'm sorry but I really don't know where they get off charging $6 a pint in a city where every other bar in town would charge less than that and have a better (cleaner) atmosphere. So it was a one pint excursion, we walked out almost $15 in the hole, and vowed never again. Sorry Pauly's.
Dangerous- do not go here.  Too many underagers and college kids ruining it for the rest and making it difficult to enjoy anything.  Girls throwing up, guys failing to attract girls, huge liability for guys.  Cops basically there every weekend and/or stationed outside.
