Well this place is dangerously close to my apartment so literally a 20 foot walk and I'm the best BBQ I've ever had. AS FOR THE FOOD: I got the ribs both Memphis-style and KC- style.  The ribs were fall of the bone tender and sent my taste buds in cart wheels. My girlfriend had gotten the SC-style pulled pork which was made with a spicy vinegar and mustard sauce. I literally have never tasted a sauce like that in my life and will immediately crave it again once I'm done being full. She got the plate which came with cornbread,  mac and cheese,  and potato salad. Everything was fresh and perfect temperature,  the potato salad was exceptional. AS FOR THE AMBIANCE: Capital Q is literally the typical tale of a diamond in the rough. I am a firm believer that the best tasting food comes from the tiny businesses that don't pop out at you. When you walk in it has a classic feel to it. There are antique posters and old Cola bottles decorating the place. It's not the place to have a huge party of people but they do deliver and cater. There is also seating outside but the inside is pretty small. Overall the convenience this place brings for me is great. The prices are more than fair for the portion size you get. I have already made a pact to come back once a week especially with the football season coming up! Good BBQ and good football can't beat that kind of day!
The reviews here and that of coworkers made me swing by here. I put an internet ( grub hub ) order in and it was ready by the time I got there. Its a small shop on a side street. I got there around 1300 and there was parking one block down. There was a bench outside to eat and a bar stool area if you want to eat inside. I had the brisket which was good. I got the maple mashed sweet potatos which were ok. Im not a fan of sweet potatos and read the menu wrong. Their sauce and coleslaw are vinegar based ( carolina style ) so I probably wont be back as I prefer the memphis style sauces. Great place if you like carolina/vinegar based bbq.
brisket was ok the macaroni and cheese was very basic and bland. nice portion size tho
Not quite the five star rating that it had when it first opened, it's still a great place to pick up lunch or dinner. There is a small private lot available, in addition to ample street parking. The restaurant is cash only, but they do have an ATM conveniently located inside. I've tried most of the items on their menu, over the years, and have found everything to be four stars, or higher. The smoked chicken is my favorite, followed by the brisket, followed by the three types of pulled pork. They have a great assortment of sides, such as coleslaw, mashed potatoes, corn, red flannel hash, mac and cheese, etc... I'll keep coming back, as long as food quality is maintained.
Overall bill was 53 bucks. Half of that was worth is. My pound of brisket tastes like a pound of pot roast. I googled this and discovered that people actually have this problem, I never have. I love brisket, their brisket sucks. Unless of course you want pot roast instead of brisket. The coleslaw, eh, whatever. The corn bread was crap, and the things they call croakers???? Well when I read the description I nearly drooled, when my wife bit into one she described the taste perfectly. It tastes like mush. It just tastes like a ball of mashed potatoes. With all that said, the Memphis ribs were good and the pulled pork got a thumbs up as well. For all of you who say otherwise, no the Capital Q is not better then the Dino. Nor is it better then the pig pit or the Brunswick barbeque and brew, although their Kansas city ribs there are garbage. I feel like the people who review this place and eat there have never had good BBQ food. Because this is most definitely not good BBQ.
Everyone in Albany LOVES this place.  Not me.  I've always felt the food is too spicy for my liking, but i've always managed to find something I could eat.  Tonight I ordered a pulled pork sandwich, and my husband ordered a SC pulled pork meal.  Neither one of us could take more than a few bites, the food was just too spicy.  Someone in the kitchen has a heavy hand tonight; here's hoping this is not the way it's going to be all the time.
Best BBQ in the area.  They smoke meat so it is moist and tender, without boiling or steaming it.  I always ask for the sauce on the side and they are happy to put it in a little container for me.  That way I can taste how the meat is smoked and not taste only the sauce.  They always have some southern comfort food sides to pick from as well I've tried all the BBQ places in the area, and this is the only one I will go back to when ever I get the chance.  I've been to all the big name restaurants in Memphis: Rendezvous, Corky's, Interstate BBB, Pig on Beale, the BBQ Shop, and many others.  I say this is just as good, and maybe better than any of those restaurants. This is just a little dive kind of place, but if it is good food you are after, I prefer it to the likes of Dinosaur BBQ which is a nice place but the smoked meat is lacking that smoke taste.
If someone wants BBQ please don't bother with Dinosaur or some other ridiculous non-BBQ place- go to Capital Q.  I first came here as a vegetarian picking up food for a friend. I never forgot the tangy vinegar based spicy smell of the food so obviously when I started eating meat again I headed over. The guy behind the counter gave me samples and it was all delicious. The good thing is they cover the different BBQ styles and levels of heat. Personally I like the drier vinegar based BBQ but if you like the sloppy sweeter stuff they definitely have it covered. The sides were delicious too, you really can't go wrong with any if them.  We ate on the picnic tables outside. During lunch none of us spoke and after we all needed a siesta. Will be back!
Classic smokehouse treasure hidden in Albany. Definitely worth finding.  When we walked through the door, a very capable and friendly fellow greeted us and offered samples for the first time visitors.  However, the intoxicating aromas and well laid out menu board with the tempting array of meats and sides displayed before us, I knew  I would commit to my meal without the benefit of a taste test. Smokehouse!  Succulent and moist meats - brisket, ribs and yard bird.  Smokey, flavorful and juicy.  Delectable sides - cornbread, macaroni and cheese done three ways, macaroni salad, potato salad, cole slaw, etc. We arrived just in time and grabbed two of the coveted six bar stools at the storefront window.  We were followed by a veritable revolving door of takeaway orders.  This clearly is a local treasure.   So, when you're next in Albany, definitely swing by.  Ribs and brisket are PHENOMENAL!  Mac and cheese delish and should not be missed.
If you're craving for a hearty, meat dish that's smothered in sauce or marinated to perfection, then you will love this place! Affordable, friendly, and with tons of sides available, you will just have to lie next time you're at home raving about your dad's BBQ skills. Plus, this way affordable! First time? Let them know so you can sample the different smoked meats to find your favorite!
OMG I have lived in CA, KS, NC and SC and this by far is some top notch BBQ and has left me wanting more. I ordered ribs, chicken and beef brisket so so yummy.  I am not a fan of buttermilk so cornbread has buttermilk. Mac & Cheese not bad as well as coleslaw. I will be ordering from here again plus they deliver in my area bonus! !!!
Nope.  Not even close to what the barbecue centers of the country would consider even passing for barbecue.  I ordered the Capital Q pulled pork plate.  It comes with slaw, corn bread and a side.  I chose the collards which were very good.  I also really liked the slaw which was not too creamy and had the right amount of vinegar.  I ordered a single bone pork rib Memphis style without sauce.   Barbecue is never spicy.  Ever.  Sauces and rubs complement the flavor of the meat and the technique of the smoke and cooking process.  There isn't any argument here, that's what BBQ is.  If you have to bury it, it isn't good cooking anyway no matter what you are talking about producing.  The Capitol Q pulled pork was supposed to be South Carolina and this missed entirely.  It's never spicy there and the pork is swimming in the sauce so much so that you can't taste anything else.  I tasted this sauce on it's own and it's buried in pickle relish and I really didn't like it.  The pork rib was black.  Food is not properly prepared if it's black, it's not good for you physically and masks every flavor you attempt to impart to your meat.  The rub was ridiculously spicy as well and the rib was tough and old.   The corn bread everyone is raving about was dry and tough and the butter they topped it with was rancid and had turned.  We let them know before fleeing this place never to return.  It is very difficult to find BBQ in the NE U.S. and we didn't find it here.
I have heard about the Q from so many people finally went and had it, I had a pulled pork sandwich, It was AMAZING! I also got sides of macaroni and cheese which was great, and I had these things called "Crockers" (deep fried mashed potato balls, filled with cheese and bacon) a heart attack never less, but amazing! I read some reviews that were very negative, don't let those ones persuade you from going, The Q is truly a great bbq place and the food is great.
Through an coincidental set of circumstances, I've found myself in the Albany area a number of times over the past year, and every time I'm here I try and stop at Capital Q. I think this place is phenomenal.  I've had the pulled pork, the burnt ends plate, and most recently the ribs plate. I got the ribs KC style (with sauce) along with a side of double-smoked bacon mac and cheese.  It was all phenomenal.  My wife had the burnt end plate with a side of collards.  The two plates, with sides, cornbread and coleslaw came to just under 25 dollars.  We found it to be a great value for some seriously good BBQ. I can't speak to the authenticity when compared to other BBQ havens around the country.  I don't know if Myron Mixon would spit this out in disgust, or if someone raised in St. Louis or North Carolina or wherever else would like it - but I know I did.   If someone were to ask me if they should try Dinosaur BBQ or Capital Q, I would without reservation send them to Capital Q.  Not because I dislike Dino (I like it as well) but over the course of a few visits to each I've enjoyed Capital Q better.
A+ the kids were friendly and the brisket was    Very good. Maybe a little on the salty side but very good. I will eat here again. Carolina style pork was tasty as well, but pulled pork is hard to mess up. The sides are all in the window served lunch lady style, so before you pick one, see what looks good to you.
I hate to say it: I prefer Dinosaur BBQ's pulled pork. But really, the pulled pork doesn't matter: the brisket is what's important here, and the brisket is phenomenal. I ended up getting a half-a-pound of both the Okie beef and burnt ends and sliced beef brisket to-go after eating my South Carolina pulled pork plate with a side of pretty-damned-good baked beans, and while the very helpful and very friendly girl working at the counter suggested reheating the assorted forms of brisket later in a pan, I ended up eating it as soon as I got home later this afternoon. I ate most of the rest of it tonight, cold, since I had a need for brisket. I don't even like brisket. Go here; get the brisket. For those of you who lack a belly for brisket and are dismissing my review, understand this: what you have here is brisket in its purest form. It doesn't matter if brisket is what you want in a meal---this brisket will tell you what you want, and you will heed its call.
I did not have a good experience but the two others I was with thought it was decent. It was raining and the six barstools they had indoors was not enough for the volume of customers. I ordered chicken fried steak, but didn't intend to make it a meal- so I paid $4 more than I wanted to. The steak was tough and dry, absolutely impossible to cut with their plastic cutlery. The batter was very salty and just fell apart. The mac and cheese was so bland it didn't even taste like cheese- and my cornbread was flavorless, buttery mash. The thing I liked was the service- staff very friendly, personable and they let us try samples of lots of things before ordering. Still, I paid $13 for a meal that I didn't end up eating.
Every single bite was extraordinarily savory. I had ordered the Capital Q Pulled Pork platter. I replaced the coleslaw with mac salad. My side dish were croakers. Every single bite I had a feeling of relief as if the food I had swallowed had cleansed my soul. I do not remember a single moment that I had felt this way. The food was superb! Each bite whether it's the pulled pork or the pickle had a zing to it. The pulled pork was perfectly tender, not mushy. Chew on the pulled pork and a burst of flavor comes out almost mysteriously. It made me wonder where the strands of pulled pork were storing all that juiciness. The cornbread was not dry or greasy. The Mac salad was so delicious. The mac salad had the right amount of sauce/dressing. It didn't have that fat mayonnaise taste that plague many mac salads (and potato salads for that matter). The pickle had a nice spicy kick to it. The croakers were great. It was so delightful that it should be dessert for soul food. The condiment sauces available at Capital Q are fantastic. You don't need them but if you want more kick, give them a try. I love this place so so much. It is so hard to find a good soul/southern food restaurant as good as Capital Q. I live in NYC, so so far away from Albany. Capital Q, I miss you. You made me feel like I've never felt before. Whenever I am in Albany, I will continue this affair with you. XOXOXO
Was craving for some ribs ordered from this place to take out. Had their Chipotle Lime Glaze spare ribs. Wasn't really all that impressed. The ribs were not tender at all, bathed way too much in the sauce, which was too sweet. Their specialty house cured garlic pickle, which goes for $2.25 a piece, was a bad waste of money. Won't be my first choice for future BBQ cravings.
Q, Q, Q. I am disappointed. Your food is spectacular. Among the greatest BBQ in the area. But really? You don't take credit cards? You make me use the sketchy no-name ATM that has what apparently the most finicky card reader I've ever encountered? Come on, man. Capital Q is great, don't get me wrong. Absolutely phenomenal BBQ. But I've become increasingly intolerant of businesses -- especially popular businesses -- that don't accept credit cards. Processing fees are insignificant if you properly run your business and price your products. Set a (reasonable) minimum charge amount if you really have to. It's 2013... it's time to start embracing credit cards. Businesses that still refuse to accept and use a technology that is no longer even considered modern, in a time when many people no longer carry cash, are an inconvenience.
This place wins on several fronts 1) Their BBQ is DELICIOUS (my BBQ-snob fiance liked it a lot, which is pretty much the litmus test as far as I'm concerned).  The KC style ribs are knock-your-socks-off good!   2) Maple.Mashed.Sweet.Potatoes.  Get it, unless you're cool with being lame.  That's fine.  Your choice.   3) They deliver to my HOUSE.  I don't even have to move my fat butt.  They will deliver tasty BBQ to my doorstep.  It's kind of what heaven will be like, but in heaven, there is no threat of me gaining 10 pounds from eating too much of this delicious food.   There better be a Capital Q in heaven.
I have been a fan of Capital Q since the week they opened. I do not recall how I heard about the place, but I love BBQ and was there within hours of finding out about it. Its been a cornerstone of my comfort food since. I often wonder how it can be that I have not reviewed in spite of all this, but I have this notion that I should only review a place I have recently visited and not rely on memory. The problem is, after I eat here I tend to go into a vegetative state of BBQ bliss and forget all about it. Today I was determined to break this habit and get a review posted. When you are able to explain the difference between BBQ and grilling to someone who thinks they are the same, you are ready to appreciate Capital Q. When you are able to recognize the different regional styles of BBQ present, you are ready to enjoy Capital Q. Don't get me wrong, I am still a city kid who grew up with burgers and dogs on the grill and loved every minute of it. But something changes when you're able to pull apart some brisket and taste that smoked flavor with every bite. These days I am an avid backyard chef and still enjoy the flavors I coax from my own smoker. But something about traveling less than a mile to get top quality brisket without investing six hours into the process really helps on nights where I just have a quick craving. Tonight I had burnt beef end sandwich with BBQ baked beans and some home fries. The beef ends are probably the best thing to get on the menu if you're looking to see the complexity of flavors. The actual ends hold an extra bit of spice and the smokiness of the meat falls with every bite. The sides are always consistent. Home fries have a big spice kick and the baked beans are filled with smoked meats as well. As a city kid it took a while for me to try some of the other sides on the menu. While I was willing to explore the regional flavors of BBQ from my youth, grits, okra and collard greens were not something I could say I gave any thought to until Capital Q. I admit, I have not ordered the cheddar and jalepeno grit fries since the first time I tried it but it was pretty good. Fried okra would never have made it to my plate if my wife didn't bring it home one day without my knowledge. But paired with some pulled pork it was really enjoyable. There are things you need to know about Capital Q. Cash only. No credit cards or debit cards, although they do have a cash machine inside willing to take an extortionist's fee. The food is probably best around lunch hour. By dinner you might be getting something that's been around for a bit; still good but you'll feel the difference if you try it earlier. The place is located right near the student ghetto. This means the business hours during college breaks can get a bit wonky. Save yourself a hassle and call ahead. There's no real seating to speak of so you'll be taking out anyway, it can only speed things up anyway. And lastly, but most importantly...  get yourself some spicy pickles. I grew up with kosher pickles in NYC - from Ben's Best and the Star Deli in Queens  to Katz's Deli in Manhattan - pickles were a favorite. Start with that and add some serious spice. The heat comes in as an aside after the initial bite, and stays with you for a bit. And while I will neither confirm nor deny, it has been rumored that I have sent my wife to get these pickles while I had my own smoker going. These pickles are really that good. Hmm...  that kinda reminds me...  we didn't get a pickle with my meal tonight. Guess I know what I am picking up on the way home tomorrow.
Capital Q is the best barbecue I've had outside of the South! Get the fried okra. No, get the barbeque macaroni and cheese.... actually, try everything at least once.
So there is a new BBQ joint in the region.  And people are very excited about it, with good reason. But let me tell you something. Capital Q's brisket and Carolina style pulled porks (both the north and the south) are still the best I've had in the region, and among the best I've had anywhere. Still this place to me is all about the meat (and the pickles).  If you want sides, atmosphere, or table service, that's on you.  If you want stunningly good slow cooked meats, that's on them.
Way better than dinosaur. One of the better BBQ places I've been to in NY. The Memphis products (ribs, pulled pork) are on par with what I've had in TN. Ribs in order of preference: Memphis - accurate to the model, spicy with a little bit of dry chew. Q  - very good. same chewiness as other ribs, sweet runny vinegar sauce. Chili/Lime - spicier tangier sauce (big surprise.) Chili/Lime chicken sandwich is a better vehicle for the sauce, I really got into it. The chicken was crisp-ish on the outside, moist, sandwich fixings were acidic and perfect. Grits fries are polenta sticks with a crispy outside, not spicy enough for my taste, but definitely cheesy enough. My favorite awful-for-me starch on the menu. Apple cobbler is standard and delicious, sweet crumbles and hostess fruit pie type apple filling. Pulled pork sandwiches, roughly in order of preference.: South Q - I'm a sucker for mustard sauce, and this was decently executed. Q - Same as the ribs. Very good vinegar/sweet sauce. Pairs well with pickles. Okie sauce: closest to the classic KC of the bunch. A little more tomato maybe. Pickles and buns were great, buns got soggy, just like they should. BBQ Mac and Cheese is amazing and speaks for itself. Big stodgy pile of delicious. Baked beans were similar. Generously meaty. The sauce was more standard Q than anything else. Fried Okra is one of my favorite foods, the one here was just decent, little nubbins not much better than the standard frozen stuff. Breading was good. Cole slaw is normal but it's good.
I know Capital Q is beloved by people on this board, yet I'm picky about my barbecue, so I approached my first visit with some trepidation. When I was recognized as a first-timer the friendly counter guy offered me tastes of the Capital Q Pulled  Pork, South Carolina Pulled Pork and Okie Brisket Ends in that order. The Capital Q is in a maple syrup-y sauce, the Carolina in a mustard-y sauce, and the brisket in the tomato-y Okie sauce.  The fact that the meats are defined by their sauces says it all. It was like eating a sloppy joe but with higher end ingredients. Fortunately, I had the presence of mind to order a brisket plate and lone rib with sauce (more of the overpowering Okie) ON THE SIDE. The meats on their own were terrific! The rib was one of the best I've had, smoky and chewy. The brisket didn't have much smoke flavor but was supremely tender. A splash of Tabasco (sitting on the counter but not heavily promoted) and I was good to go. The brisket plate comes with cole slaw, cornbread and one side for ten bucks. I also got a nice spear of their spicy, garlic-y house made pickle and some shreds of pleasant pickled red onion. For my side I chose fried okra which cost a dollar extra. I love fried okra and this portion made me happy; it was generous and the okra was fresh, though the batter could have used a little more seasoning. The cole slaw was good, obviously made in house. And the cornbread was the heavy grainy kind... I ended up dipping it in the Okie sauce which proved to be a good combination. This should be a 3.5 star review: 4 for the meats, 3 for the meats in sauces, average 3.5. But I have to bump it up half a star for the sake of the Albany Yelp community; this is the kind of place we need around here. If you go, just be sure to ask for your sauces on the side with your brisket or ribs. If it's pulled pork you prefer, you are on your own, my friend.
You know what? Capital Q is awesome. I've tasted them grow over the years they've been open, and boy do I enjoy eating the evolution of their meats. Smoked anything is awesome. The ribs are so freaking good - sometimes I don't know why I waste my time eating anything else. Then I remember how good the chicken is. Perfectly smoked and moist, even the skin tastes good. And sometimes smoked chicken skin can get a little rubbery and gross. If it's your first time in, they'll give you samples of their three different styles of pulled pork. You'll need to try everything, because I honestly can't recommend one thing you "must" try when you go in (well, aside from meat in general) because everything is good in its own way. I can't really focus much on how the sides have evolved, but they have gotten more plentiful and inventive. I tend to focus all on the meat when I go in. Sorry mac & cheese, but ribs, pulled pork, and burnt ends are where it's at for me! I'd really recommend them for catering. They do a great job, and BBQ is one of those things that keeps beautifully on a burner. And if you ask really nicely, they might let you bring in a beer or two to eat with your meal. Just remember they're CASH ONLY (there's an ATM there, but also a Bank of America ATM a few blocks down).
I finally got around to trying Capital Q and I am so glad that I did. When we got there they quickly realized we'd never been and offered us a taste of all their meats and sauces. There is a vinegary North Carolina pork (though too tomato-y for true NC style), a mustardy South Carolina pork and a very sweet Kansas City pork. I ordered North Carolina pulled pork with one dry rubbed spare rib, side of jalapeno mac & cheese and another side of hopping john. The sides were OK. The hopping john was forgettable. The mac & cheese was not bad but also not worth eating that much of. The meat was the real star of the show. My dry rubbed rib was so delicious, I regretted not ordering a rack and I will be sure to do so next time. My pork was pretty good as well but I think they're a little heavy handed with the heat. Ideally it should be spicy but not burn your mouth spicy. Mild. We shared an order of cheddar cheese grit fries that were hot, cheesy and delicious. I also tried one of the kids KC style ribs and I have to say it wasn't bad. Yes, it was too heavily sauced but the sweet, sticky sauce was pretty damn good with a nice bit of heat to balance out the sweetness. There are no tables inside, this is pretty much a take out place but since it was a gorgeous summer day we sat outside and enjoyed our food on one of the two picnic tables in front of the restaurant. Would be so cool if they opened up a place that you can actually sit and eat at but luckily BBQ travels well so we will be back.
Prices & Payment The prices a very reasonable, but it's 2013. This is not a mom n' pop corner store or small coffee shop - 'cash only' is ridiculous. Even food trucks accept cards! So, I'm basing my review off of that. It's simple. Is the food worth making an extra stop to get cash or paying their ATM fee? That's the question I will always consider when I want to eat take out from this establishment. Location Seems to be housed in a student ghetto. Parking sucks. Ordering Food Most of the food is left out front in a metal heat rack buffet style display that the server scoops out for you. Very, very unappealing. There are other ways to precook food *and* prevent it from drying. Especially to a first time customer. Who wants to be greeted by old dried out food in front of them? Food I ordered a quarter leg plate including cornbread, coleslaw, dbl bacon chunked Mac n cheese, & a side of apple crisp. As someone who eats kids portions... That's 2 meals for me. Chicken - seasoned and moist Mac n cheese - meh... I guess bacon makes stuff taste better, so what does that imply about their Mac n cheese that doesn't have bacon Cole slaw - cabbage with a sugar mayo sauce... I don't know why this is always included with their plates... It's a waste of food. Apple crisp - a good balance of sweetness; nothing "crisp" about it; apples were overcooked or canned apples; would be saved by vanilla ice cream Cornbread - not fluffy at all; looked like there was too much butter in the batter Tasty BBQ sauces though. I know southern food. They tried. The chicken is good - I would eat that again, but the 3 sides I tasted need to be drastically improved. To answer the original question - no their food is not good enough for me to make an extra stop for cash or pay their ATM fee. Pretty disappointed.
We stopped here to pick up takeout before heading to my brother's to babysit.  His kids have varying food allergies so meat is always the safest bet.  I was disappointed that the pulled chicken (or whatever it was called) came covered in a spicy sauce.  Not sure if that was our fault in how we ordered.  Little kids seem to not do well with spice.  The brisket was delicious and perfectly cooked.  We also ordered mashed sweet potatoes and green beans.  Both excellent.  Especially the sweet potatoes.   This place is cash only so make sure you have some.  The prices are totally reasonable.  It is very easy to order takeout since the food is all laid out there for you to inspect.
went here for lunch anad had a great dinner and good service. Try the crockers yeah!
I picked up lunch for my co-worker and I yesterday. We were both suitably impressed. I'd called ahead of time to put in an order for takeout, but the man who answered told me it wasn't totally necessary. Still, when I arrived in person, he'd already made sure the sides I wanted were nice and hot for me. How often do you get that sort of service with a smile? I had the South Carolina pulled pork, which is done with a tangy mustard-based sauce and is absolutely delicious. I like the extra kick it has. I also had the collards and the cole slaw. I'm not usually a fan of coleslaw, but theirs is really good. I ate two portions of it! It had far less mayonaise than most slaws and it was a little tangier.  The pickle was a little soggy by the time I got my lunch back to the office, but it was still delicious and a little spicy. For our lunch plates, which were pretty big portions, it was $6.50 a piece. That's about as much as a sandwich from many places and we got a lot more food. I'll definitely be back. I do, however, wish there was more seating as the food seemed to get a little soggy during the car ride to the office. Then again, yesterday was about 95 degrees outside so I guess that's unavoidable. Capital Q also does catering, and I'm sure they'd do a great job for a party or wedding.
Capital Q Smokehouse is pure comfort food bliss.  Located in a fairly random area (wedged into a residential neighborhood aka "the college ghetto"), you might just miss this small restaurant.  I've gotten the pulled pork and the brisket, and while I've had better in the south... this is about as close as you'll get anywhere north of Virginia.  I was torn between giving it 4 and 5 stars (seriously Yelp, no 4.5 stars), and settled upon 4... but another trip might force an increase. They offer varying degrees of spiciness.  I first tried the intermediate... but now settle on the lowest level of heat (because, as I tell my spice-loving wife, I still have taste buds).  I'd recommend going for their "plate" rather than their "sandwiches," only b/c the plates are a much better value (more meat and appetizers for a relatively nominal increase in cost). I've had their cornbread and maple butter which is UNREAL.  I'm coming to the realization that everything in life may simply be better with butter as delicious as this.  They have very good potato salad... and a very interesting dish called a "croaker," which is basically fried deliciousness. There's only room for about four people to eat-in, but it's reall a take-out place anyway.  If you like meat... it's time you ventured to Capital Q (and my vegetarian wife is addicted to their jalapeno mac n' cheese... so there's salvation available for everyone).
Hands down, Capital Q has the best BBQ in and around Albany.  The food is delicious.  The pulled pork, brisket, ribs, all the sides... I've never had a bad experience here.   My usual meal is the South Carolina pulled pork plate w/ jalapeno mac and cheese and a few croakers.  (Croakers are little deep fried mashed potato balls with scallions and bacon inside!)  The plate also comes with cole slaw, corn bread with maple butter and a pickle.  All for ~$10. The cole slaw is a little different than what I am used to, and I will admit it took me a few times to warm up to it. But now I look forward to it and would like to figure out what makes it different so I can try making it myself. The restaurant is almost solely for takeout.  There are a couple stools up front by the window, but mainly people order out (delivery is also an option).  They keep the line moving fast and the people behind the counter are friendly. I recently brought my family here - they all ordered different things and everyone LOVED their meals.  It's rare that all four people in my family (with very different tastes) will agree that a restaurant is *the best* in the area!
I'm not a big meat-eater. I don't really like to think about where it comes from. However, I have had at least three failed attempts at becoming a vegetarian because, well, .... meat tastes good. Capital Q is delicious. I no longer live in town, but it's one of the places that I dearly miss. I ate maple sweet mashed potatoes every day for a week. The pulled pork sandwiches and the brisket are to die for. And? It's cheap. A huge, filling meal for under 10 bucks.
Sorry, guys.  Persuaded my uncle out of Dinosaur BBQ in Troy and convinced him that Capital Q was better.  They always lived up to the hype, but not when I brought my uncle in.  The lady that waited on us was annoyed from the second that we placed our order.  The owner came out and smiled at us - I almost complained about her service right then and there, but didn't want to cause a stir. We asked our server to mark our pulled pork sandwiches with our other family member's names - so that we can get our orders right, you know?  Well, she didn't like the suggestion much and refused to take our directions.  Instead, she made the entire ordering experience a pain. My uncle ended up asking her what her problem was.  That was her queue ( no pun intended ) to start rambling about how much she works.  Then she went on and on about working at an OAR concert at SPAC.   By the time she bagged our order, I decided that she earned an 86 cent tip on the 50 dollar order. Good food.  Horrible service. You embarrassed me, Capital Q!
Just had the chicken fried steak....excellent! Beef brisket is amazing. I would recommend to anyone.
After a long day of work, we were looking for some local goodness in Albany and stumbled upon Capital Q Smokehouse, located in a semi quiet neighborhood and nestled in between a couple residential housing units.  Pretty obscure area but they must have a decent amount of local traffic and the younger crowd seems to know about this place. Even though it was late and close to closing hours, they still had a good variety of meats and let me try quite a few of them since I didn't want to go back to Cali wishing I had tried one or the other.  I settled with the South Carolina pulled pork and couldn't have been more pleased.  The pork was extremely tender and marinated with a flavorful spicy vinegar/mustard sauce.  I don't want to forget to mention that I was completely stuffed along with the cornbread, mac salad, and maple mashed sweet potatoes that came with the dinner.  I consider Capital Q Smokehouse a wonderful BBQ find for this area!
Found myself in Albany on a road trip from NYC and found this BBQ to be better than the vast majority of NYC restaurants. They lay on the sauce and make things nice and juicy - something's that's lacking in the city. The best thing we had as the brisket in their capital Q sauce, with pickled red onions. It was juicy and lean, and the burnt edges made it even better. When we went there were picnic tables outside so seating wasn't a problem
I have eaten barbecue throughout the South, from the little stands hidden on dirt roads, to big city restaurants, and this store has nothing to fear from any of them. It delivers the goods, consistently. The sides are southern consistent, which is to say, they will frighten anyone who is into healthy eating but they are OMFG good! If I wasn't certain that I would be a cardiac patient in three months, I would eat there 28 times a month. They don't do breakfast do they
This Review is only for Capital Q Smokehouse's signature South Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich: Here, amazingly tender, pulled pork is put between a roll and topped with cole slaw. The vinegary and mustard seed sauce, the smokiness, the spiciness, all work.  The mostly dry cole slaw (I hate the vile substance known as mayonnaise) gives a delicate crunch and the roll absorbs the juice without becoming soggy.  Everything works in unison, and it couldn't taste better. A deliciously tart and crisp, in house pickle (probably one of the best pickles I have ever had) is served on the side. Maybe because it took known more than 30 seconds to devour this pulled pork perfection, but I have to deduct a star.  This is only because the serving is on the small side for the whopping 7 dollar price tag. It seems that the dinner plates (which include homemade corn bread, cole slaw, and one side) are of a better value. They should perhaps also invest in a few more benches for more outside, picnic themed atmosphere. Nevertheless, in the middle of Pine Hills, there is some real good BBQ to be had.
This BBQ is seriously awesome!  When I come up for occasional visits in Albany, I try to stop by for lunch.  They let you taste test the pulled pork, and they have about three or four varieties..All great too! My fav are the sides and the okie balls?? I think thats the name; haven't been in so long,and I have a beer memory, sorry my friends.  But they are basically cooked mashed potato balls with jalepeno, bacon and cheddar inside. Genius mix! Prices aren't too bad but they can add up before you know it.  My friend and I went for lunch and I ordered --dozen BBQ wings --pulled pork sandwich --10 potato ball things and the total came to around 30$.  I could have spent that kind money on a sit down dinner but at the same time, the food is so great and can't be found elsewhere. Thus I am happy to shell it out for the few trips I get here.  Used to live about 5 houses away and I miss it! Very small inside with only a window shelf table, but they have two picnic tables outside.  It was more fun to sit on my porch and eat it, so definitely a take out meal.
One of the hidden gems of the area.  Upon my first visit, they could clearly tell I didn't know much about their food.  So the guy behind the counter instantly rips out the plastic spoons and gives me samples explaining what each different type of meat was.  Very helpful. The food is very reasonably priced, with generous portions.  I had the Capital Q Pulled Pork plate, and they were quick to allow me to substitute a mac salad for the coleslaw.  The meat was tender, and absolutely full of flavor.  The mashed potatoes are the real deal.  Good cornbread, and the mac salad was alright. Overall, a great place with great service.  Will be heading back again soon.
I got pulled chicken in okie sauce, potato salad, and the fried mashed potato balls, with corn bread. I LOVED the cornbread, nice and homemade, not boxed. I was not a fan of the potato salad. The chicken was cool. The potato balls with bacon and scallion was another winner I sampled a few of the dishes others had. The mac n cheese looked better than it tasted. Altho the others like the green bean casserole, I was not impressed. I really liked the BBQ beef  (my date didn't enjoy it as much) in okie sauce. My mother got the ribs, she said they were a little dry, but above adequate. If you tell them it's your first time, you get a free sample of four dishes. The waitress was nice and helpful with her recs and her patience considering it was our first time and all the indecision we beheld. We went just before closing on a Saturday night. I think stuff wouldve been a lot tastier and fresher, had we gone earlier in the day. Therefore, they get a pass. Meals are roughly ten dollars, it came to $43 with 4 dinners (meat + side + cole slaw [or replacement] + corn bread). I would go back and try again, but I don't think my body can take all that fattening goodness. Also, don't try to have a sit down meal. There are only a few stools in the corner. Its the kind of place where you take out and go home
This place is more 3.5 but I support mom and pop shops so well take this up to 4 stars. We were out of towners but the cashier was more than welcome to give us samples and explain their menu. Its not everyday that you get that sort of customer service.  The one thing that stood out about our meal was the cheese grit fries.   That's not something I was used to seeing on bbq menus and I'm from the south. The brisket in Capital Q sauce was pretty decent but nothing to go gaga over but the fries were a nice part of the meal. I'm from the south so maybe I've been exposed to more bbq than normal.  Prices were spot on for what we got and there aren't many bbq spots that pop up when you search in Albany so thumbs up for fulfilling my spontaneous craving.   Not much seating, just a small bar/table area by the window.  Also not much to look out upon through the window....just the street. We ate there, but everyone else was having to-go orders so maybe thats what kind of spot this was.  Either way, if I'm riding through Albany again and someone wants to eat bbq, I know where to go!
Until now, if you wanted decent BBQ, you had to drive to Syracuse.  All of the other BBQ options in Albany are, frankly, terrible.  The last time I ate Chico's, for example, I was sick for the next day and a half. Capital Q is legit.  They take into account that there is more to BBQ than just slathering some meat in mess of sugary sauce.  Its nice being able to go to one place and experience the regional differences in BBQ flavor.     The guy behind the counter explained that they're considering moving and/or expanding to a new location now that they have consistent fan base.  They are exploring the options of moving into Crossgates or Colonie Center, or possibly even downtown Albany.
Pulled pork in KC sauce was delicious. I chose red flannel hash which was so tasty-brisket pieces and caramelized onions, tender potatoes and beets. That was one side dish, and cole slaw the other. Lots of choices though. The corn bread was straight out of the oven, and they buttered it. It was the best I've ever had-was there brown sugar or real maple syrup in the recipe? So good.
Amazing BBQ, especially for the capital region. Everything on the menu tastes like it was made with care; like home-cooking. I tried the pulled beef, brisket, and their two versions of pulled pork. Actually, i'm not that greedy - I just ordered the brisket, and stole bites from other members of my group. Their beef and pork is juicy, not dry at all. Nothing is overloaded by sickeningly sweet sauces, either. The meat stands on it's own and has that delightfully smoky character that only good BBQ has. Don't forget the sides either. I had the mashed potatoes, collard greens (amazing) and their maple mashed sweet potatoes (also amazing!). Again, each item here tastes like home cooking and is deeply satisfying.
Their brisket is always the winner, I love the onions that come with it and the BBQ sauce doesn't taste like it comes from a bottle. Their pulled pork is good and spicy, but today it was too sour. I tried the collard greens based on the recommendation from fellow Yelpers, and it was good. Their mac and cheese does not have enough cheese, though. The place is small, so we never eat in. In warmer days they have their food truck, always parked near The Egg and always have long lines during lunch time.
Pretty decent BBQ for the area. CQ tends toward the Carolina style with lots of pork/vinegar based dishes, pulled and otherwise. They offer several styles of ribs including KC dry rub style(my preference but I have not tried them yet here) and a chipolte/lime rib which had a nice hot afterburn. The location is out of the way on a side street in a somewhat marginal part of towm - but good BBQ doesn't need fancy. No parking other than on the street and very minimal seating inside.
Overall the food was good.  Maybe a bit too salty for my personal taste, but it was pretty good overall.   As a first timer, I was caught off guard in their "no credit card" policy.  I typically don't have cash, as I use Debit card for almost everything.  Somehow I scrapped together some singles from each pocket and was able to pay for my meal.  I would of hated to have to go in the back and wash the dishes :)
For fear of redundancy, I'll keep this short and very sweet: We went to Capital Q, had some 'Q, and loved it. It is everything Albany is not: reasonably priced, friendly, and unpretentious. We sat outside at the picnic tables on a sunny Friday evening, enjoying pork in two different sauces, brisket in the Okie sauce, and large slices of soft cornbread.  We weren't in the mood for any of the sides except the cornbread, so we ordered the meat by the pound and the cornbread on the side, which is a nice option for those counting calories b/c you know exactly how much food you're getting. (I know it's unlikely that you're counting calories if you're going out for 'Q, but it happens -- us dieters enjoy good food, too --  that's why many of us have to diet!). My only "beef" with the place: cash only. If you're like me and rarely have cash on you, your meal is essentially $1.50 more than everyone else's (unless your bank charges you for using a non-bank ATM, in which case it'll be more).
Thanks to Yelp's iPhone app, we found this place, but barely made it.  Our GPS said it would take 2:33 hours, and it was 3:30 with the place closing early the day before Thanksgiving.  There were a lot of cops on the road, but we were determined to get some barbeque en route to Vermont.  I had to keep my teeth clenched so I wouldn't snap at my husband's driving while watching the clock (he was fine, we were just really hungry). At 5:53 we decided to call again--"we're about 10 minutes away, will you still be open?  should we order in advance for pick up?" "don't worry about it, just stop in.  Unless you're ordering something fried" (we weren't). The descriptions of the menu by everyone--particularly by the one who hated the mac n cheese because it had a crusty top (the way it's supposed to when not from a box)--made us a crave mac n cheese.  Unfortunately, they had stopped serving it because it had dried out.  No worries.  After ordering a SC pulled pork platter to share, the couple realised it was our first time there, and gave us a tasting of the 3 styles.  We regretted not getting the brisket (or the NC style or the okie style...) Pulled Pork SC: our standard order at barbeque places & the owner's favourite (he's from Oklahoma); this one was really good--light, tangy, not too spicy or vinagery.  The correct colour too--tinged with yellow instead of day-glow-French's mustard yellow. Pulled Pork NC: my husband's favourite here.  An eastern NC style (western NC has ketchup, eastern is vinagre with tomato); we ended up filling a small container with the sauce to take back with us.   Pulled Pork Okie: my favourite here.  I was surprised that it wasn't ketchupy-sweet; it had a perfect chili flavour.  I started regretting not picking this one up, but knew that if we got more food, a food coma would ensue (and we had 4 more hours to drive). Ribs: these were so good.  We wanted more. I loved that they were also sold by the piece and gave us another giggle a la Chris Rock.  We got it Memphis style (dry), because we aren't fans of sweet sauce. Collards: these were really good, and for once I actually wanted them a little sweeter.  Gently cooked so there remained a lot of texture instead of the over-boiled version we've usually been served.  I even drank the sauce. Cole slaw: plain and simple but a great accompanyment.  If you prefer the sugary-Miracle Whip types, you won't like it.  A good crunch and a little drippy. Pickle: I didn't like it-it's a style my grandparents made (with cloves), but not for me.  My husband thought it was quite good. Corn bread with maple butter: my husband's desert.  Cakey (New England style).  Very good. We ate everything in the car, causing further suffering to our cat and dog.  That we had nothing to share with them only added to their disappointment.  Jim said that he wanted more--a very good sign.  Then he spent the next hour talking about building a smokehouse with cinderblocks (I'm sure our neighbors in Princeton would love that). They also had a whole smoked turkey for sale. Friendly, fast, well-priced.  Most barbeque places start at $10-12/serving, even in the south.  The single rib pricing is great so that a few can be added to any dinner. We probably won't head through Albany en route to VT until ski season is over, but come springtime we'll be back.   Thank You Capital Q and Yelp!
I don't understand what the fuss is about, this was a notch above cafeteria food. I ordered the Okie Beef and Burnt Ends Platter and the Fried Okra. The "Burnt Ends" were nothing more than flabby pieces of gristle. One word: unappetizing. I dug through the meat to salvage what I could. The meat I could eat was nothing above average. My meal came with two sides; I chose the Mac & Cheese and the Potato Salad. They must have asked my high school's lunch lady for her Mac & Cheese recipe, as it was totally lacking salt and had the consistency of glue. Yum. The Potato Salad was equally bad--it tasted off, like it would have gone rancid had it sat out for another 12 hours. The good news is at least the Cornbread and the Fried Okra were tasty (which is the only reason why I gave this place two stars instead of one). Overall, yuck. I will never go back. I don't know why I trusted the reviews.
At my work we would order from here quite often. They were really nice about us calling in large orders. Everyone, about nine people, loved their food. The BBQ was great and the sides are worth it. Our favorite was the mashed potatoes. The prices are reasonable. I didn't think the portions were huge, but they filled us up fine. I really enjoy the BBQ chicken and mashed potatoes.
Love it ! Okie sauce  (the other 2 types are a bit hot for me) with brisket and ribs. Buying the brisket by the LB is a good way to go. Excellent flavor. Ribs are a bit too salty - but otherwise meaty, lean, and filling. Wonderful cornbread & mashed sweet potatos. Looking forward to a return trip to try the fried okra and other sides. We did not mind eating outside at the picnic table - 'just wish they had beer. But  how great is it that you can walk in and try the different sauces with pulled pork if it is your first time? Friendly and well run. Bravo guys and gals!
Good people not so good BBQ.   The people who work there are great very nice and accommodating.  I did not know what I wanted to order and they let me sample a few items before deciding but unfortunately I am not reviewing the staff. The food was Eh.. I would eat it again if it was in front of me but I would certainly not drive there to pick some food up or suggest it as a dinner or lunch idea. The meat was served with way too much sauce and worst of all at room temperature at least let me eat a hot meal.
We went in and grabbed a ton of take out. This place is SMALL so don't go in expecting to sit down and eat. The mac and cheese left a little to be desired. Everything else was fantastic. It was great to have three different sauces to choose from. The brisket and pulled pork were both great and the ribs were huge. I will definitely be back!
Great BBQ This place is off the beaten track but well worth the trip.
I looked forward to my trip from the Hudson Valley up to Albany to try this place out. Capital Q greatly exceeded my expectations. After asking if it was my first time in the store, the staff explained the different types of sauces and gave me samples of pulled pork with each sauce. I'm going to echo the sentiments of Daniel B. here and hope people move away from the sweeter Okie sauce. The two different styles of Carolina sauces are killer. I preferred the Capital Q style, but both are fantastic. Next up? Three ribs (hoo-rah for end pieces!), dry rub. Excellent ribs,  perfectly cooked. Moist, tender, delicious. Most of the sides were also respectable, but this is a meat joint through and through. Second best thing about Capital Q (next to the meat, of course)? The seating, just a few bar stools facing a window to Ontario street, allows for a view of an aging mural on the side of an old warehouse. The mural vaguely resembles the bottom portion of a more famous painting by Diego Rivera... synthescape.com/rivera_c… Albany. You need more murals and places like Capital Q. Your best food comes from joints like this. Not the pricey restaurants, but the diners and the hole in the wall places with more grit. I hope Capital Q, along with some other promising prospects, ushers in a wave of better food options into the capital district.
This place continues to impress, awesome food and knowledgeable staff. If you haven't tried this place and like BBQ, you are missing out!
I think this is a pretty decent place for some southern style comfort food. The pulled pork is pretty good, definitely on the heavy side on sauce. There are definitely benefits to less sauce, as it can tend to mask the flavor of the meat. Ideally I would prefer a moderate amount of as it is also an important component of the flavor. It would have been nice if my bun had been a little toasted, but the sandwich was overall very good. Their side dishes are pretty decent too, my favorite being the croakers which are fried mashed potatoes. I guess I'm a little particular about  macaronie and cheese. While the mac and cheese of capital Q had good flavor and was creamy, it should have been stringier and more melty This cheese was a tad too grainy sauce like. The macaroni. A good macaroni and cheese should have a good proportion of both processed and real cheeses. This is definitely a grab and go rather than a sit and enjoy since there is extremely limited sitting room. It is ideal for an extended lunch break from work.  While there is certainly room for improvement, this is a decent place to swing by for home style foods.
Ribs were over cooked and dry , everything else is ok at best . Not a dinner spot .
This is some good BBQ. For all of you Dinosaur BBQ fans, order the sliced brisket at Dinosaur and then drive directly here and try Capital Q's sliced brisket. The difference is apparent. The quality of food at Capital Q is above and beyond your regular eatery. This is some of the best BBQ I've ever had. I haven't tried it all, but what I have sampled was wonderful. What's not to like? Well, the location. It's in a pretty lousy area for one. I wouldn't send my girlfriend to pick up an order if it's late at night for example. Also, there's not really any place to eat there. They have about 7 stools near the front window that you can sit at, but other than that there are no tables to dine at. So it's pretty much a pick-up only. And lastly, their cole slaw wasn't anything special. I'd opt for another side instead of cole slaw. Bottom line: If you are a fan of BBQ or have a serious BBQ craving, give Capital Q a shot and you will not be disappointed.
I was surprised how good this place was and I've gone there several times since. Great corn bread although the hush puppies were raw inside when I got them. The sides are good too, especially the mac and cheese and potatoes, they even have two kinds of sauces for gravy! The pulled pork and chicken are worth trying, get by the lb because the bread always gets soggy eww. Only complaint thus far. ohhhh cash only but they have an atm inside =)
Had the shredded brisket and burnt ends, collards greens and corn bread.  Everything was delicious, fresh and well prepared.  Negatives-  I would have liked more burnt ends and there is no beer here.
Good price/quality point. You get low-end primal cuts slow cooked and flavored so they're enjoyable and at a reasonable price. Great take out fast-food bbq. I plan to return when the urge strikes me.
I was very eager to try capital q, however I was very disappointed with the quality and taste of the food.  I'm not quite sure why there are so many positive reviews for this establishment.  Below are the items a friend and I ordered: Okie Pig Plate:  The pulled pork on this plate was actually good.  Tender and juicy, and full of flavor...fell apart easily. Yardbird Plate:  Chicken was decent on first bite, but the more I ate...the more I disliked this dish.  The skin was fatty, and very hard to chew.  The spices on the outside were hardly that of a BBQ flavor...it was more like Indian food or something.  I think they should leave the yardbirds for Eric Clapton... Coleslaw: This was extrememly dry. Coleslaw is one of the easiest things to do; second only to boiling water. It tasted like plain lettuce with a hint of the ground it came from.  I fed it to my rabbit. Baked Beans: These weren't too bad. They were a little spicier than we would have preferred, but overall edible. Mashed Potatoes: pretty dry and plain. I thought they would get better with the white gravy that was provided, but it was like adding water to flour to make dough.  These were definitely from a box. Mashed Maple Sweet potatoes: These tasted good initially, but they proved to be too sweet once the top seal was broken. Way too much maple flavor. Pickle: Pickels should not taste like christmas wreath.  It smelled like a Yankee Candle Balsam Fir Car Freshener'. Corn Bread: Homeless people wouldn't eat this.  Hard to swallow, and way too dry.  Had I not had a beverage handy I would not be alive to type this...balled up in throat and I choked....TWICE! Mac and Cheese:  I would rather have eaten the dollar bill I used to pay for this with.  There was some sort of paint thinner like taste in this recipe.  I did manage to eat all of it, but at I got closer to the bottom I realized I was probably eating some sort of chemical. NO desire to try this place again.  Hope I make it through the night.
Only thing I haven't had is the ribs, everything else was just...meh. I'm one of those crazy southerners someone else mentioned, but I have had really good BBQ from this region during the Troy Pig Out so I know it can be done. I just don't think this place is very good. The Carolina style pork was just oily with no other flavor and the brisket was thin and flavorless with too much fat (fat isn't a problem if it's rendered down, but this wasn't). The sides were an afterthought. I think the Pig Pit and PJ's are both better, PJ's much more so. Definitely a take out place, by the way (It's right by Bros Tacos, which is a much better place, IMO)
Excellent quality food in a modest eatery with no tables but a small counter to eat at; out of styrofoam containers. Oddly, asking for a glass of water resulted in a plastic soup container of warm tap water. No air conditioning noted. Interesting side orders. Pleasant staff.
The food was delicious, fast, and reasonably priced. My favorite thing on the menu is the cheddar jalapeño grits fries. They are absolutely deliciously addictive.
Maybe I am spoiled, having been raised in St. Louis, but I am amazed that this restaurant has a high Yelp rating. As a fan of St. Louis-style BBQ, I like a lot of sauce and I definitely expect large portions, particularly if I pay $30 for a dozen wings and a pulled pork plate. Admittedly I have only had Capital Q's BBQ one time, so this may have been an anomaly and Capital Q may very well serve the best food in the northeast, but the best component of my meal was definitely the bleu cheese sauce. I usually prefer ranch to bleu cheese, which I know isn't the norm around Albany, but Capital Q's bleu cheese could spell the beginning of the end for this long-standing personal preference. The house wings, which I ordered because I assumed they must be Capital Q's best wings, were tender and I'm sure they would have been good, but the amount of sauce on them resulted in them being almost too salty to eat. As a result, I tried both basically covering them in bleu cheese and tearing off the skin and just jumping straight to the meat, but the sauce was just too overwhelming to allow me to properly enjoy these otherwise well-prepared chicken wings. I think I drank about two quarts of water during the night last night after consuming five of their house wings. The pulled pork had ordinary texture and was mediocre. Nothing to write home about. Dinosaur blows this pulled pork out of the water. The only reason the food:$ ratio wasn't the most disappointing part of the meal was because after a few bites I had had enough. I almost ordered the cole slaw as a side, which would have really been aggravating, since my meal came with cole slaw. Maybe it says that on the menu, but we ordered for delivery and this was a surprise. We ordered fried okra as our side and it was pretty good. The cornbread was great and if it were warm, I'm sure I would've enjoyed the cornbread more than I enjoyed the fabulous pickle spears. If i went back, I would order pickles, cornbread, wings with no sauce, and would definitely not order the pulled pork.
Wow!  This is quite the gem for Albany. The ribs were sweet and tender, the brisket was moist and well seasoned and the sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked. The catfish was a little bland but cooked well.  All of the pulled pork is scrumptious.  You can order on Meleo and they deliver! Top that off with great service and you have yourself a winner!
Thank you Yelp! This is the kind of place I'd love to happen upon when I was living in Boston and have largely given up finding here since I moved back. After a while, you get to assuming that you know everything worthwhile there is to know about Albany. I was thrilled that the Capital Q proved me wrong. By daylight, the Capital Q looks like every other decrepit house on Ontario St. But after dusk, its warm glow lights up half the street. The private lot was a definite plus. The bright, vibrant interior immediately puts to rest all memory of the deteriorating city streets outside. The staff is warm, friendly and outgoing. Everybody turns takeout into an experience. Since my friend and I were first time customers, they gave us each samples of all three varieties of pulled pork (along with a special sample of a new side they were trying out). All three were too spicy for me, but the Okie Pig pulled pork was too good to pass up. I got the New Deal Dinner, with featured two small pulled pork sandwiches, a side of macironi salad to cool the burn and a can of soda for $7. Hard to beat that any more. It was a warm March night, but still brisk so we ate at the counter inside. Capital Q might be a little too intense in the face of my bland, on-the-run Northeast diet. Other than the hot dogs, I didn't see a single meal that wouldn't send fire out my mouth. And if you're only going for hot dogs, why bother? Still, if you're into Southern-style barbeque I can't recommend Capital Q enough.
I've lived in Albany all my life, so what would I know about BBQ? It always seemed like depending on who you talk to (especially if they were from down south, where it seems like BBQ is a religion) you can't get good BBQ up here. I can't speak for the BBQ from the South and West because I've never had it, but Capital Q is by far the best BBQ that THIS region has to offer. Hands down. I've tried most of the others; the independents: Pig Pit, PJ's, Chico's and the chains Dinosaur and Smokey Bones.  The chains are predictable (but good) and other three have their own style which are pretty good. But Capital Q is the best. Hmmmm, where do I start? I remember this building when it used to be Meisters. The place was an Albany institution with great corned beef. So, as you might imagine,  I was sad when they closed. With that said,  I am happy that Mr. Custer has been able to take this building and keep it going. Pine Hills really needs places like this. The nod to Meister's with the menu board and sign towards the front is a thoughtful, nice touch. I love it. When I first heard about Capital Q I was really excited. I can't say it enough, Albany needs a place like this. I really fell in love with BBQ thanks to this place. Cosmetically, this place is always spotless. A few stools behind a counter in the front proves that this place is mostly for takeout. Hands down, the best thing on the menu in my eyes is the pork ribs. The dry rub spices that Mr. Custer uses are terrific. I'm not going to knock anybody if they prefer their ribs wet, (as Capital Q's homemade sauce is pretty great) but give their dry ribs a shot sometime. The flavor of the meat combined with the flavor from the smoke and dry rub is just top notch. They also have the biggest, meatiest pork ribs in the area. I've had ribs from just about every other BBQ place in the Cap. Region and they all seem small compared to what Capital Q has to offer. Can't say I've ever had a bad meal here. I've eaten the beef brisket sandwich (phenomenal) the yard bird, pulled pork sandwiches in all three delicious styles they have to offer and the frito chili pie among other things. The menu is full of a lot of things that I still have to try, like the chicken fried steak, two years after I first started coming here. The stuff that I have been eating all this time is just that good in my opinion. The sides range from classic (beans and mac and cheese) to different and innovative (the croakers and southwest cornbread pudding) and all are good so long as they haven't been sitting out too long. The house cured pickles are good, and they always give you a huge piece of cornbread too; get it with the maple butter! As you can tell, I love this place. In my opinion, the best of its kind that you can find around here. The owner is a genuinely nice guy and he has a great thing going here. I hope that he keeps it going for years and years to come.
meh, i wasnt  impressed with their burnt ends, maybe its just me and I shouldnt buy burnt ends anymore. they did have a bunch of type of q, so maybe i just ordered the wrong thing.  also it was just a pile on a bun, no sides no cornbread, no dice.
This place is awesome!  Decent BBQ in ALB -- yess!! The cornbread is killer; they make a good bread, and then they put MAPLE BUTTER on it -- yowza!
2 stars because I was being nice.Real old - school, they only except cash. Besides that I was craving some BBQ and Capital Q did not live up to my standards.  A southerner and BBQ expert. All the BBQ was vinegar based and not tasty. They had good hot sides but the cold sides were horrible. Only thing worth while was the cornbread with maple butter. Besides 3 ribs for 11 dollars a rip off, you could buy a rack cheaper. I would never go back here. They should have paid me to eat the food.
Finally made it here for a quick lunch after Daniel B's glowing reviews....had one of the specials, a beef BBQ sandwich which was excellent.  Collard greens were very good, too.  I really want to try one of the roasted chickens.
This place is simply amazing and delicious!  Too bad that it is so far from where I live.  Four of us were in a car heading up to the Adirondacks from NYC and decided to stop for lunch in Albany and I yelped. The location is a bit random but boy is the place worth a visit.  All of us were amazed with the food, especially the collard greens.  I'm just disappointed that we didn't have time stop here again for lunch on the way home. Just tonight my husband and I went to a BBQ place in Long Island and despite the great yelp reviews, it pales in comparison to Capital Q.
While driving through Albany we read the reviews of our fellow Yelpers and decided to make a Pitt stop.  So glad we did!  I had the Briscket with their Okie sauce and a side of baked beans.  I was torn as the pulled pork was delicious,  they offer free tastes of everything.  Only makes decisions harder.  If you live nearby your lucky, if passing by stop.  It's worth it.  BTW: Only 6 seats in the whole joint.
Ribs are delicious and true to their roots. The collard greens were the biggest surprise of all--they were amazing. Pulled pork was tasty and I appreciate their different saucing (or no sauce) options. I'm from Florida so I have fairly high Q standards--Capital Q did not disappoint.
Great representation of Kansas City, South Carolina, and North Carolina BBQ styles. Delicious comfort food sides too. An Albany legend!
Eaten here a few times. Not really a fan of the ribs TBH. Too fatty. However, the Okie beef brisket is AWESOME. Jalepeno mac is pretty good too. Make sure you get the maple butter on your cornbread. It's divine.
Absolutely the best BBQ in the Capital District. Beef Brisket with okie sauce and pickled onions on texas toast is fantastic, along with their burnt ends plate. Whatever you order, make sure you try a side of their crockers, and corn break with maple butter. Awesome!
Upon the recommendation of a co-worker, the wife and I stopped by for lunch yesterday. As transplanted Texans, we've been jonesing for really good bbq. And I think we found another place(Dinosaur and, surprisingly, Dickey's being the others). Quaint place, friendly staff and the food was very good, especially the brisket. It had a very good bark on it. The ribs and pulled pork were also good. Will definitely being going back.
We have been twice now, and both times we were absolutely blown away.   If it's your first time there, be sure to tell them so you can sample their sauces.  A couple of them have quite a kick (in a good way)!  We had pulled pork two ways, and split some sides, both times.  I really enjoyed the sides we had (cornbread with maple butter, Hoppin' John and BBQ Mac and Cheese).  I'm excited to go back and try the collard greens and the mashed sweet potatoes.  The ribs are absolutely freakin' fabulous.  I don't know how to put it any other way, they were just so good it was almost inappropriate. Service is super prompt and incredibly friendly (hooray! and thank you!).  We ate there the first time, and drove it home 35 minutes the second (it was all just as good reheated in the oven at home).  Strongly considering their catering options as well.   I have one, and only one criticism - all food is served on styrofoam which totally turns me off.  :(   Thus far, the food is so good it's not going to keep me from going there, and we will most definitely be going back - soon!
I had the okie pig sandwich on a small bun and it was delicious. It was the perfect size for me. I also got a small order of rice and beans, but I thought the rice was too dry, hard and spicy! I wish they had more space for people to sit. The apple crisp looked delicious and I plan on trying it next time.
People giving this place rave reviews must not know what good BBQ is....I believe the best in the area is PJ's BBQ in saratoga. A little closer and its very sad to say is actually smokey bones, and I am not a fan of chains one bit.
Decent barbecue for the area, but barbecue is a tricky thing.  You have different styles depending on different regions, and this place is just sort of in the middle.  Thin sauce, but not vinegary like southern style.   It has a nice collection of meals, all reasonably priced.  Nothing fancy, though, just the standard fare you would find at most corner eateries with barbecue in the name (or Q, or--to a lesser extent--smokehouse). Picnic tables outside are nice for lazy summer afternoons, but there's really nothing besides that for eating in. Cash only, but they have an ATM on site.
Great ribs. Add the potato or bean rice. Sit in or to go. The servers are really nice. No restroom though - once we went there after a couple of beers and had to run to that club on Washington street. he he.
Love the chicken fried steak! The BBQ mac and cheese is to die for.
In one word...  Yum!  DW and I took a day trip to Albany and relying on the reviews of fellow Yelpers we decided to try the Capital Q Smokehouse for lunch. Being first-timers to Capital Q they offered up the taste test of all their delectible meats.  DW did the sampling and I left the choice up to her.  We both went with the Okie Pig on a bun, I had Mac & Cheese on the side and she had Potato Salad.  Both of us loved our meals and DD loved picking at the meat as well.  I can't speak for the Potato Salad but the Mac & Cheese was pretty good and you could tell that it was home made using real cheese not some Velveeta crap.  They also had BBQ Mac & Cheese which sounded really good, I'd probably try this on my next visit. This place seems kinda off the beaten path but it is definitely worth a visit if you are in the Capital region. One other thing to add, they did have two picnic tables setup on the sidewalk outside, in addition to the barstools that are available inside.  Not sure if this is year round, but it was nice day to sit outside when we visited.
I was wishing so hard that this place would be real BBQ. I have yet to find great BBQ in Albany and this makes me sad. The best I have done is marginally good, and this place had trouble living up to even this standard. Only ate here once but was not impressed. I wish the guys that opened this place luck, but the pulled pork I tried their just wasn't very good, furthermore it gets no points for atmosphere or value. I was their early on so maybe it has improved since first opening it, the people working their were friendly. Me being concerned with food above all else gives this place 2.5 stars.
Cheap, tasty, filling - everything worthy of 5 stars, in my opinion.  The type of place you are delighted by considering what you'd expected, based on price. I brag to my friends that live in Saratoga about how close I am to Capital Q, just to make them jealous - its that good, they often drive down for the BBQ.  Love it.  Amazing.  I always get the Okie Chicken plate which comes with cornbread and a side (I get the maple mashed sweet potatoes) and then I order an extra side of apple crisp.  Its soo, sooo good.  Like a dream on a plate.  Yum.
So delicious! I love Cap Q. It's probably my favorite joint for pulled pork in the area (Dino doesn't stand a chance against Cap Q). It's such a small gem in the middle of the student ghetto. If you've never been there before, they start you off by giving you samples of all 3 kinds of pulled pork they offer, all of which are amazing. I usually eat 3 sliders (1 of each kind) and a side (more food than I can eat). I've had the mac n cheese and wasn't impressed. However, the baked beans are off the hook... good flavor with nice chunks of meat in it. It's making my mouth water just thinking about it. The staff is always super friendly and the prices are great. Just be sure to unbutton your jeans after you pig out on this delicious comfort food.
This was our first trip to Capital Q and we were offered a taste of all the various sauces along with an explanation of everything on the menu.  Great service was then followed up by excellent corn bread, pork, chicken, baked beans, and cole slaw.  Everything is made in house and it is evident when eating, as it was totally delicious!!! I'm no BBQ expert, but this is good stuff, and I highly recommend this place!
This place is great.  The staff  and owner are very friendly, food delicious, and priced just right for what you get.
the meats are really, really good, but super overpriced.  the pigpit in cohoes is better and cheaper if you don't mind the drive. the sides are totally under seasoned and uneventful.  the cheddar grit fries are the best and even they have too much heat (and i love heat) not enough actual flavor.  i love creamed spinach and this stuff was straight soup, again, with little flavor. my advice: stick to the meats.  if you add the price of gas to get somewhere better i guess it offsets the price.  the carolina style meat is a bit over vinegared if you ask me, but the ribs are totally delicious. i think they could do a lot better with the space, but that's just me...
This place was superb!  Ordered online and when I called to confirm that the order was made the guy who answered the phone said my food was ready for pickup.  The food was hot, fresh and most importantly delicious.  The portions were pretty big, I'm lucky enough to have a little leftover for tomorrow.   I ordered the ribs dry rub style and it was really tasty.  I'm gonna have to come back and try the different ribs!!
Best BBQ in Albany!  Collar greens are great and so is the okie pulled pork and you have to get the cornbread with maple butter!  Go on a pretty day and sit at the picnic tables outside
Absolutely fantastic! Tried the capital pulled pork platter with a side of green bean casserole, as well as a 1/4 rack of memphis dry rub ribs. The pulled pork platter came with a huge serving of cole slaw and really good corn bread. First off, the pulled pork was perfectly tender with an amazing flavor. Slight spice to it on the back end. The ribs were SLAMMING and easily some of the best dry rub ribs I've had. 1/4 rack was a nice size portion, could easily be shared for two if you order a couple of platters. I came on a Wednesday night so I was pleasantly surprised at how fresh everything was even though it wasn't packed. Definitely will be going back!
Capital Q is great.  The pulled pork is fantastic, and I love the Okie (KC-style) sauce that they put on the Okie Pig.  The hot pickles that they come with are amazing, too.  You should give Cap. Q a shot if you're in the Pine Hills area.
The pound of brisket was more fat than meat. The pulled pork order was more sauce than meat. The greens were overpowered with vinegar but the texture was good.  The macaroni and cheese was bland and flavorless.  Disappointed and over priced.
Really liked the sauces.  Make sure to tell them you are a first timer and get the sample of sauces.  They were all very good and tasted home-made.  Nice blend of flavor and kick.  Next time I'm testing the wings.
The pulled pork is the best in the area. The cornbread is fantastic as well. The other sides I had (baked jalapeno mac & cheese and macaroni salad) were blah and left a lot to be desired. Its too far from my house for me to justify driving there but if you're in Albany its a good option.
Best BBQ in the area.  The pulled pork and brisket are fantastic.  The sides are creative and also delicious.  Prices are reasonable especially considering the quality.  They don't skimp on quantity either.
The barbecue here is great for take out.   But I don't care for the side dishes.  They all come off a steam table.  The collard greens are miserable.  The macaroni and cheese is the dry, baked kind with a crusty top.  The yams looked too sweet with some sort of stresuel topping.  The corn bread is dry and flavorless.  It's served with too much of a sort of spread.  I assume it was honey butter, but it didn't melt on the cold cornbread and just sat there like a greasy blob. The pickles are very good, if spicy.  (My young kids won't eat any of the stuff there since it's either too spicy or too different for them.  Like the mac n' cheese.) Note:  When we were last in there the guy who was putting our order together was wearing gloves and packing up all this food when a piece of meat fell on his counter.  I was horrified when he picked it up and popped it in his mouth with his hand.  Right in front of us!
Very good BBQ, Sean (owner) is helpful and friendly. This place is about the food, which ranks up there when it comes to BBQ. Seating is at the window counter only and if you come around busier times expect to have to do take out. The beef brisket is on the fatty-side, the pulled chicken tender, maple mashed potatoes rock.
Great food but located in a strange spot, between houses on a dark street, and much more importantly, no seating. So if you want the great food, get it to go.
Best barbque in the upstate ny area. Maple butter on cornbread is amazing. I had to think hard about giving it 4 stars. There is nothing to note that is wrong with capital q. Some real sit down seating would have been nice. If you are in Albany don't let your self miss this place. It's perfect for lunch.
This place is truly a hidden gem in the capital district.  If you can get over the location I highly encourage you to give it a shot Outstanding BBQ regardless of how you prefer to get your meat smoked.  The pickles and Baked Jalapeno Mac & Cheese are absolutely to die for.  There is not a lot of room to sit down inside, but the counter people are always awesome.  Make sure you ask for a sample!
A lot of people compare this place to dinosaur BBQ, but for me there is no comparison. Passionate owner. Super Flavorful Rubs and Sauces. Wide Variety of sides at unbeatable prices. There was a point at my life where i was living off a large $6 tub of collard greens a day. That was a good time in my life.
mmmm...capital q. the brisket is delicious and you can order it (and other menu items) by the pound. that's the way to do it. the baked beans are a good side order. they have a little bit of heat. best of all is the fact that they deliver, and they give you an accurate estimate on when the food will get to you.
I learned of Capitol Q from the WAMC fund drive (they donated a meal for the volunteers).  I was so impressed by their delicious food that I continued to be a customer. I especially love their side dishes!  I order for delivery via Grubhub and my food arrived as quickly as possible!  I used PayPal so I did not experience the no debit card possibly.
By far my favorite BBQ place in the Albany area.  Highly recommend the brisket sandwich... excellent.  Dinosaur is good, but Capital Q beats them hands down.
Meat is what you go for when you hit a smokehouse so go to Capital Q and eat up!.  The flavors blow away Dinosaur BBQ and the size of the ribs were tremendous.    Pulled pork had great flavor by itself or jazzed up with the "okie" sauce that is delicious and can go on anything.  I did not try the sides as I got there kind of late and to be honest the sides looked like they had been sitting there for quite some time.  But, as I stated up top ... I'm not there for the sides so wasn't much of a big deal.  I'll definitely stop by again for another take-out round.
Excellent southern food in the Northeast, who would have thought! I lived in SC for 8 years and would compare them to some of the home cooked meals I had at friends houses! The establishment itself is nothing fancy, so do not be put off by their appearance, the food speaks for itself!
In my new adventure of trying to find good BBQ in the capital district, since my trip to the smokey mountains a few years back where i was introduced to very very very good southern BBQ. I think i found what my stomach and heart has been missing in Capital Q Smokehouse, now this place is in what would be consider the gut of Albany, but isn't all the good places for food and drinks in all the wrong places. I order the okie pulled chicken plate, with the sides of cold potato salad, baked mac and cheese, with their signature corn bread and maple butter and a great pickle! All was good, especially the potato salad it had a smokey flavor to it i never tasted before in a potato salad, the cornbread was good it was more like a cake to me, the mac and cheese was okay, i do say so myself i make better and a friend once said never get anything out you make yourself you will be just disappointed in it. Now onto the chicken this was out of this world, the sauce was just right smokey, sweet and a great slow burn at the end. I think if you been to dinosaur BBQ and Mustangs BBQ both in troy, now take a trip over the bridge and though the woods to some even better BBQ. Just know they only take "cash", the door sign has a visa/master card sign with a red circle around them with a slash through it.
the okie pig is probably the best bbq pork i've had and i've had ALOT!
