I liked the fact that this place brings in dogs that need to be rescued. The day we came, they had this gorgeous Husky, who was amazingly calm. Not only are thrift stores that support humane societies awesome, but especially are those which bring in the animals they support, looking for potential adopters. As to the selection - hit or miss. Overall, the quality of merchandise was better than Holy Trinity, which is next door.
This store has lots of funky-brand new paintings and nature photographs donated by local artists. I check in here every time I'm downtown, and I usually find some books. Their book area is not huge, but it is properly sorted by subject. They also usually have a decent selection of audio books. The odd thing about this store is variability of pricing. Books and household items are priced reasonably, but their VHS tapes are $2-4 each. The place next door sells them for a quarter. Store is fairly well organized; no items strewn about the floor and lighting is ok to adequate. Employees are friendly. If you are already thrift-shopping or in the area, it's worth a stop. I wouldn't make a special trip for it though.
I LOVE this thrift shop.  I was walking around downtown with family that recently moved to Melbourne when we stumbled across this store.  I was expecting it to be like the thrift stores I'm used to in South Florida, which are essentially poorly-lit caves stuffed with crap that no one in their right mind would buy unless the terrible lighting combined with their cataracts to produce some sort of blinding flash that made them think the blessing of God himself was shining down upon the mothball-infested fur coat in front of them.  And really, who needs a fur coat in South Florida...? Anyways, Molly Mutt has a wide variety of items, from furniture to clothes, movies, board games, appliances, kitchenware, books, AMAZING art and some antique finds if you look close enough.  The store itself has a lot of merchandise in it but the open, airy, sun-filled layout that they have makes it so that you never feel cramped into a jam-packed closet.  I actively had to stop calm myself down before I bought everything in the store.  I ended up walking out with a new flannel, a great-condition 1980's board game and a puzzle for my little sister --- all for $5!  I'll definitely be visiting again on my next trip up to Melbourne!
While I usually go to thrift stores to look for clothes, Molly Mutt comes through in other ways. I've been stopping by Molly Mutt during my Florida adventures for several years now. Sometimes I find the perfect gifts for my friends back home. Sometimes I find a lil' something special for myself. Sometimes (like the last time I was here) I don't really find anything at all. In the past I've found a vintage stamp collection book half filled with unmarked vintage stamps, all for $10. It was probably my best find here, and my little brother really loved it. I bought an antique church hem book with sweet angels on the cover for my mother once. I've also found some cute cheap jewelry on a few rare occasions. The jewelry was pretty rare because most of it seems to be kinda old ladyish.   One of the things that stands out about Molly Mutt is their art collection for sale. Most of the time thrift stores just have outdated hand-me-down art, but Molly Mutt has many donations that are really nice. I'm 16 so I'm not in the market for art, at least at the moment, so I will suggest that you check it out for yourself. I love Molly Mutt, and do my best to support it and it's cause while I'm in the area. After all helping out a honest cause can be a treat for yourself as well.
I would recommend stopping in here to browse all of the donated artwork, there was some really talented stuff when I was there.   The only other notable thing about this thrift store is that in the back there is a section where you can fill a basket with however much stuff you can cram into for two bucks.
Cute little store!! Some fun finds! Old and new!! And benefitting animals is the best part!!
This is a really cool thrift store that I've been coming to for years.  The store has a good mixture of items ranging from home items to books to clothing to vinyl.  They always have the coolest art on display/ for sale as well.  I've found items here ranging from vintage brooches/ jewelry to framed art to scarves and purses.  Plus there is this really cool guy (who I always forget to ask his name) that works there and is just so friendly, always chatting up customers with a smile.  Overall it's just a nice thrift store.
My favorite thrift store in Melbourne. It is the biggest and the best of the three I visited in the 'old downtown' area of Melbourne. The always have a great selection of art and collectables featured in the front parlor. There is a great selection of books and music and other media. There is another room towards the back that has racks of clothing and a whole section of household items, tchochkes, and, I love that the money goes to animal welfare!!
Great prices and wide variety of selection. Ask for a lower price at the counter.
I only had a short time in the area and was looking for a specific item of clothing.  I not only found what I needed but really wanted to come away with more.  It's your typical thrift store, in that sometimes you find what you want and sometimes you don't but.... as others have mentioned, the particularly unusual aspect of this store is the amount of truly amazing and original art at reasonable prices.  All (or most?) of their art comes from local artists who donate their work as a fundraiser for the local humane society (which is what all the profits from this store go to).  If I wasn't traveling and in the midst of downsizing, I'd have bought at least one or two significant pieces this week!  The manager was very friendly.  The layout of the store is decent, making things easy to view/find (other than the clothing area which seems to be a bit cramped wherever you go!).  Most items were decently priced (and I'm not from local areas where people seem to take higher prices for granted!) and there seem to be regular sales.
