The pros: No smoking inside the bar! Great beer selection! All the food tastes excellent, from the wings to my personal favorite, the prime rib sandwich with cole slaw. The management will also do what they can to make sure you have a good experience if something is wrong with what you order. The cons: I don't think the portions are big enough for the price of the dishes but it's not THAT bad. The servers, at least some of them, are not very knowledgeable about beer so try to have an idea of what you like before going in and sitting down unless you talk to the bartender.
I wish I could say I love this place.  I even wanted to love this place- but I can't. My group of friends used to meet up here every Wednesday night for a drink and to catch up.  For about a year - things were awesome. The service was quick, brews were cold, food was tasty- but I don't know what happened. The food is mediocre at most- if you enjoy extremely salty food- you'll love it. The salsa is extremely onion-y - it's kind of like they took flavors that should have been at level 5 and turned them to 11- and not in a good way.   I'm adding a star for the sweet potato fries. Those things are incredible- they serve them with a drizzle of honey and some powdered sugar- the sweet cuts the salty. The beer is great when they have what you want. My friends have drank nearly every beer with the Brew Crew club they have and 9 times out of 10 when they ask for something that they haven't tried - the Barrel is out. All that aside- what turned me off from the Broken Barrel forever (or at least until I forget how much I really dislike the place) is the terrible service. Towards the end of the Barrel and I's relationship- it would take at least 15-20 minutes to even get a server to look in my direction. They'd quickly plop down the beer lists, occasionally a menu as well, and just vanish.   For the cost of the food and beer, you'd think they'd actually care when they had a table...
Been here twice now with my grandpa and I really enjoy the place.  Their beer menu is humongous, so be prepared.  This is a great spot to hang out for lunch or dinner.  The restaurant itself is huge and I can never imagine it being full to capacity since there is so much seating available.   Light beers and cocktails are reasonably priced (so are the myriad bottles and draft selections), so prepare to drink some alcoholic beverage when you come.   The food is really good and I love the pulled pork sandwich.  The sauce selections are yummy and I really like their sweeter, milder sauce option (can't remember what it's called).   Apps are always a good starter and there's a good selection to please most people at your table.  Parking is abundant in the gigantic parking lot outside, so don't drink too much.   All in all, a good place to stop and grab a cheap-ish bite to eat and a beer.
Can't go wrong with the burgers or wings. The burgers are handmade 8oz burgers. Great flavor, nice big soft bun...It was great. Also the wings are off the chartz. They are smoked, then grilled..But my favorite sauce is the Jamaican Jerk sauce to go with the wings. Its not very spicey (maybe for those that don't like spicey foods), but the sweetness of the sauce overbears the spiciness. Overall a great experience..and not to mention that is a hub for all of the FL Gator fans.
Smoked wings are amazing. As is all their food. The beer lineup is top notch. Always a drink for anyone in the group. The servers are fantastic and many of them have been there for years! It's nice to see the same friendly faces on each visit. The Broken Barrel has become my go-to place for a quick lunch, casual dinner and drinks, or a late night outing with friends.
This place is great. Their wings are fantastic - meaty, flavorful, and served hot. The pretzel was nothing special, but tasted good and fresh. Pulled chicken sandwich with burbon BBQ sauce was delicious! Coleslaw and cornbread could use more something... But still good. They have so many beers. We were there to watch the USA/Germany World Cup game, and the tvs were fuzzy, like the signal was weak or something. I would definitely go back here again and would tell others to go also.
Pulled pork platter is top notch, comes with garlic bread and two sides. Server even brought a sampler of sauces, just to try.
This is our afternoon lunch, grab a beer, go to spot.  It isn't fancy, it's in Palm Bay, but they do a damn good job of serving beer and food.  They have a ton of beers on tap that rotate in and out monthly.  We always sit at the bar but there are ample tables and a big game room with pool tables/dart boards. We usually start with the BBQ egg rolls which are pulled rib meat, cole slaw, bbq sauce, rolled up and fried.  Sounds kinda weird but it is really good.  For lunch I usually get some sort of pulled rib meat sandwich or just the plate.  The rib meat is really good and if I don't have to deal with the bones, even better!  My boyfriend usually goes right for the smoked wings which he says are the best in the county.  Being the Yankee that he is, he usually dumps hot wing sauce on them for a smoky, saucy wing.   The sides of bbq beans, homemade chips, and cole slaw are all very good.   We always sit at the bar because Bryan the bartender is hysterical and friendly.  He actually knows a lot about all the beers and will usually suggest something if you are having a hard time deciding.  He has never steered us wrong.  If they would bring back Palm we would appreciate it! Broken Barrel also does a lot for the community including sponsoring the Joe Cohen Elite Football Camp.  So Saturday we got to say hello to one of my favorite Gator greats!  So check this place out.  They serve great food and give back to the local community.
Ordered 8 smoked wings with medium buffalo sauce on the side and 8 fried wings tossed in thai chili. Both orders were great, but I would give the nod to the smoked wings. They really had a great flavor. The medium sauce was great for dipping, but this is a legit medium and not one of those mild mediums. Good beer selection and a friendly staff equals a great time. I think wing night is on Tuesdays.
fun youthful tavern with pool tables I was here with a lady friend that got her wish to school me in pool. I'm not a big pool fan but i still gave it a go. The drinks were fine, place was pretty big had regular seating dining tables, big bar, and a gaming room with pool, darts, and a few arcade games. not a bad place. I don't know what more to say, If in the neighborhood... yeah I would go back .
I've been here many times, the beer selection is just amazing! The smoked wings are good, but the sauce comes on the side, which I find somewhat annoying. They charge a fortune to play pool though, so watch out for that. Wine selection is almost NONE, stick to brew. Mahi tacos are very good. They used to host beer tastings which featured gourmet food expertly paired with out of this world microbrew and craft beer, but I don't think they do it anymore. They have a back room (or the front pool and dart area) that they book out for events. The staff is very knowledgable about beer, but they aren't especially speedy or friendly. Also the place is a very open area so it's usually pretty noisy. The crowd is really good for being in Palm Bay, lots of happy hour patrons from local companies, also a fine place to take the family as well.
Great food/great atmosphere. Very friendly staff. I had the turkey chili. It was perfect! You can taste the smokiness of the turkey. I also had the chicken salad sandwich. Perfect if you don't like a lot of mayo in your chicken salad. It was light and smoky. Will definitely be returning
We were in town for a few days and was brought here by a local. Pretty cool place to have lunch. A lot of business guys having their lunches there. Family friendly environment.
Good wings, good brisket all other food is junk. They do have a great bar and lots of beer to choose from. The seats are home made from wood and VERY uncomfortable to sit on. If you like beer and drinking it is probably a better place. If you are looking for good food and family place to eat you might want to keep looking.
Family and I had a late lunch. Heard this place was great. Ordered the sample beer and an 8 piece bourbon BBQ wings w Blue fries! Was delicious! Waiter was friendly and even brought applesauce for our baby who couldn't eat reg food for free. My daughter got icecream w Cherries and he brought extra cherries when she ran out.
The Smoked Wings are awesome.  Nice size wing, tender and juicy with a great smoke flavor.  The bourbon BBQ sauce went well with the wings.  Also, great selection of draught beer.
I dined here on Wednesday I ordered the brisket, blue cheese fries and coleslaw. I've never had smoked meat that had been soaked in soy sauce. I couldn't even eat it. The service was fantastic I really just can't get over how bad the BBQ was. All I ever hear is how amazing this place is, I was really really disappointed. I won't be going back.
Was here for a private party so I can't say much about the main part of the restaurant but just from walking back and forth it looked decent.  They have a large private room and the service was good, especially considering how many of us there were.  The beer list is pretty good but they were out of a lot of the ones on the list.  I did think all the strange mixed beer drinks were unusual, not really my thing.  I liked the key lime martini that I had and the key lime pie was alright.  I was not impressed with the chicken I had but my husband really liked the smoked wings he ordered so I guess overall the experience was a solid three stars.
Stopped in at approximately 4.00pm. They were only moderately busy and since I was by myself I indicated to the greeter at the door that I would sit at the bar. After sitting down I thought my wait to be acknowledged was a little long, but was encouraged by a lady sitting next to me zealously eating her wings. Eventually a lady behind the bar asked me what I would like before giving me a menu. I should preface this by stating I had read some Yelp reviews that stated their smoked wings were excellent and the lady next to me said the smoked wings were her favorite and she was certainly putting them down with gusto, so I ordered the smoked wings too. I asked my server if they had a small order of fries on the menu and was informed they did, but they were more like fresh potato chips and wings and fries were a combo so I ordered the combo. Their beer menu is extensive and comprehensive, they even give a review, list the country or State of origin of the beer and alcohol content, nice! I think a good beer menu should look like a wine list. I settled on an English wheat beer which when I tasted it after letting it come up to European temperature ( about 50 degrees) was delicious! My food came shortly after. I must say the wings were interesting, not bad, but a bit greasy! The fries/ chips were also good, but similarly greasy. I think their fryer may not have been up to temperature because if the food had just come out of the fryer I would have expected the food temperature to be hotter and I had no problem picking up the wings and no problems biting either. The broken Barrel is very much a local establishment. It's quite large and I would expect it to be quite busy in the evenings. I was pleased to see real dart boards on one wall and will take advantage of that in the future for sure. In general I thought the Broken Barrel was ok for the first visit, nothing to rave about, but worth another visit. They were advertising a beer festival in a few weeks outside and was mildly disappointed when one of the guys behind the bar started to promote it to another guy that came in after me, but never said a word to me about it even when I had a beer in front of me.
The Broken Barrel Tavern has such great tasting food! The pulled pork platter with the Carolina Vinegar BBQ Sauce was AMAZING! The beer battered onion rings are probably the best I have ever eaten! I recommend anyone who is in the Melbourne area to definitely come here and grab a bite!
Do you love beer? I mean truly deeply make love to beer? Their beer list is pages long. Pages. 40 beers on tap, another 200 in the cooler. Seriously. The owner is a beer aficianado - he'll blow any sommelier away. But knowing & stocking great beer isn't his only talent and some would argue it takes a back seat to - his BBQ. His BBQ is legendary. You'd be out and people would start talking about "Kevin's BBQ". Who's Kevin I'd ask. I wouldn't get a verbal answer, more of an orgasmic sigh mixed with a Homer Simpson mmmmmmmm intermixed with stammering yammerings. Sold. We popped in early evening Monday. My love & I sat at the bar ready to gorge ourselves only to discover there is a major problem - your stomach is only so large and you need to figure out exactly how much you can actually consume cuz even if you're a starving Ethiopian you could not possibly eat everything off the menu even if you wanted to. Next to us was a guy who just got off work chowing down on St. Louis style hand rubbed ribs (and I fully admit if he had gotten up from his seat for a milisecond I woulda snatched that plate & devoured it in a second.). There was a woman & her daughter, a few couples & a foursome all with that look you get when you've eaten too much, but you're trying to figure out how you can fit more in your gut. Figuring we'll get through the menu eventually we settled on brisket sliders (w/ au jus sauce on the side) & sweet potatoe fries. Now my love is not a fan of orange potatoes but he cleared that basket like nobody's business. They're spiced with cinnamom, drizzled in honey & have a sprinkling of powdered sugar so I suppose you could have them as a meal, an app or a dessert - delicious. The brisket sliders were heaven. Absolute heaven. My love also had the smoked wings - sweet Jesus they don't need no sauce. They are that good. The place is also a full bar, darts, pool, et. al. The workers were all hand picked by the owner - himself a former bar industry guy, so you know the service is tops.   The menu is extensive - you name the meat, you name the style, you name the sauce - it's prolly on there. He's also got some creative original salads thrown in the mix. Pair that with a seemingly never ending beer menu and you could prolly eat here for the rest of your life. He knows the drill, he loves his beer & he kills BBQ. Kills it. If you go here & you're not satisfied you need to contact your doctor & request he changes your meds.
Definitely a great place to knock back a few drinks or beers, watch a game and shoot some pool with the buds or family. Great food, lots of TV's and just a real cool place.
What a disappointment. I had seriously high hopes for this place. First of all, the permanent beer menu is on plain white paper and the one we got looked like it had been recycled way too many times. I mean seriously, permanent? on paper? Pull it together. The food was gross. French Fries cut like potato chips are not french fries don't call them that, they're chips. Crappy service, our waiter was meh but I saw a few other tables get waited on by two- three people at once, every time some one came over the people sitting there looked confused as they had already been asked the same thing by their other waiter. Maybe if you like beer more than me it might be worth a shot? Although I asked the waitress about a particular beer that was on said permanent menu and she had no idea what I was talking about.
Smoked Wings are a whole new wing experience, and one that is worth repeating every Gator Football game of the season. The watch parties are usually great atmosphere. The wings are incredible, the Bourbon Bbq sauce is out of this world and the French Onion Soup is very tasty as well. I highly recommend it for all your sporting events.
Amazing selection of great beer.  No matter what your taste is you can find it here.  The food is great, and the atmosphere is very old local bar.  It is a perfect stop for a night out!
A group of friends and I came here while we were in town for an event up in Melbourne. The Yelp reviews looked promising so we piled into our cars and headed over. We came during Oktoberfest so things were pretty busy inside, kinda dead outside which was odd since the weather was nice. We sat down and ordered beer, and being Oktoberfest I figured I'd try a Pumpkin ale but there were many many choices on the menu which was pretty impressive. There were two menus to choose from, the regular and the Oktoberfest specials. I went with the specials. I forget the name, but it was a roast pork with potato pancakes and another potato side dish I forgot the name of but whatever it was, it was good. The pork was bland but not bad, the pancakes were just like the ones my family make on occasion, the applesauce was sweeter than usual but awesome. Service was good, food was good, beer was good. Well worth the price of admission.
Really liked it! Found this place on Yelp and came in for lunch. Bar looks really cool, decent beer selection and large whiskey selection. Menu is large without being overwhelming. I ordered the pulled pork Cuban with Asian potato salad. The sandwich was great and just the right size. The pulled pork was tender and smokey with mustard and pickles on pressed bread. Mmmmm mmm good! The potato salad reminded me a little of a German style; served warm and buttery. It was a unique flavor and would definitely recommend. Service was friendly but a bit slow for there only being a few patrons. I hope they pick up the pace for a crowd. Can't wait to go back and try something else!
I've enjoyed Broken Barrel on multiple occasions.  Great BBQ for Palm Bay area at a reasonable price.  Considering the other dining options available, the BB blows everything away.  The pulled pork sandwich is always great, give the pulled rib a try!  I enjoy craft beer and am happy to report that BB has a great selection. Though i've yet to sample any (because i've only frequented this established for lunch during the work week).   Give Broken Barrel a try and you won't be disappointed.
If you like BEER this is the place for you they have a menu just for beer. There liqueur selection is good as well. I Had the loaded nachos with pulled pork it was awesome it was more than I could eat.
Quite frankly the best wings I have had.  The smoked wings with jerk sauce are amazing.  Coupled with trivia at lunch it is the must go place when I work in south Brevard.  Wish I lived closer I would like to visit when I could enjoy some Sweetwater 420 with those incredible wings.
Really really good!   The establishment is huge with 3 pool tables, darts, and Golden Tee! Started off with the Bleu Fries (gorgonzola, garlic, red pepper on fresh potato chips). This was literally mouthwatering. In fact, typing this is still creating that pavlovian reaction. My wife and I split the mahi tacos and smoked chicken wings with jerk sauce. The tacos were ok - maybe more sauce was needed. But the smoked wings were out of this world!  So so good. Also got a side of baked beans which was very flavorful (with meat, onions, and peppers). The beer. The list was a bit overwhelming. There is about 6 pages of beer on tap and about 10-15 of bottled beer. Do pick a few because they may be out of a few. If you go with this as an expectation there will be no letdown.
This is like, the Palm Bay version of a cool place.  Man, that makes me sound like a jerk.  They have an OK select ion of rotating beers, and the food is decent.  It's BBQ and bar food.  My friend got sick from it, but she's super sensitive -- I was fine (and it was tasty).  But if you've got a sensitive stomach, might want to watch out!  Our server took FOREVER, and then was replaced with a more timely server.  Was weirdly not that busy for a Friday night.  I LIKE the "fries", which are fries shaped like chips.  It's just got a weird vibe, but it's Palm Bay, so I guess that comes with the territory.  I'm sure I'll be back.
Some of the live music isn't half bad. They have a great atmosphere, especially good for watching sports. My daughter loves their wings and says they have the best fries. I'd have to agree. The service is pretty good as well.
My relatives took me here for the first time in December and now every time I come down to Florida I demand (yes, demand) to come here.  The blue cheese "fries" are heavenly.  They take these little crispy chips and smother them with gorgonzola and roasted red peppers (amazing!).  I have had the fish tacos for dinner every single time.  I think next time I'll be forced to try something else by my relatives, but fish tacos are definitely on my A list!  The beer selection is incredible and remines me a lot of Sunset Bar and Grill in Brighton MA.   Prices are reasonable, service is average, food is terrifc, and beer selection is phenonmenal.  This is a great casual place to grab some grub and ale.  Beware of band nights as it does get loud.
60+ beers on tap, including my fav: Harpoon IPA. Didn't try the food, but selection looked good and no problems to be overheard from other patrons. It's located in a strip plaza and looks like a dive from the outside, but it's a lot better once you're in. There's 4-5 pool tables, about 25 bar seats and maybe another 15 tables in a fairly roomy bar. Lots of TV's all over the place. The bar tenders seemed to be having trouble figuring out how to make drinks that don't involve sticking a glass under the tap though...Prices were on point with the ambiance and location. I'd def. go again.
I'm thrilled to report that The Broken Barrel has vastly improved since my last visit. The barbecue, which was always good, still lives up to its reputation. Their onion rings, however, tasted slightly sweet - I hate to say it, but they almost tasted like sliced apples. Very weird. Service has improved hugely, and I'm so glad that management worked out whatever kinks from the last time we were here. We found the bartender to be quite knowledgeable, a real benefit to someone like my husband who likes to banter with other beer geeks. Overall, a night and day improvement!
Was not impressed at all with thier bbq at all. The beef was way way wwwaaaayyy too salty for my liking. Now I suppose if I was going to rate them based on selection of beer, I could give it a 4 or 5. Being that I'm really not an avid beer drinker, I won't be returning anytime soon, that is unless you are going to pay the tab...
Took the parents, French onion soup a big hit, chili rave reviews, burger excellent and pulled pork was the best! The server was patient with our parents. Let them sample a beer. We'd come back. Need to put better directions out there, in Chili's parking lot- behind Papa John.
We stumbled upon this bar on our way to Florida. We had been in the car for way too long and needed to stretch our legs as well as wet our whistles. The GPS took us to the subdivision behind the bar, and when we did find the place it was in an adjacent strip mall next to the Salvation Army.  We wanted to make it a quick stop for one beer but the service was very slow, even on a Sunday afternoon with less than a crowded room. The selection of beers was nice but the "quick stop" turned into an hour detour and not worth our time personally. If you have time to kill, this bar wouldn't be a bad place to hang out.
If you love beer, then this is your place. They have over 200 beers on the menu and a club to keep track of which ones you've tried. The food is decent (burgers and wings and other bar food), but my favorite is the blue cheese fries. They are the best thing on the menu, in my opinion. It's not a cheap place to go, but can be fun for a group.
I got the pulled pork platter and friends got the ribs.  The sauce I chose was the carolina vinegar.  It was good and had a real vinegar bite to it.  I also got the burbon honey bbq.  i was excepting something thicker but it had a nice sweetness with spice to it.  I wasn't a huge fan of the dry rub on the ribs but the guys liked it.  They ate them all!  The beer selection is huge and that is a big plus in my book!
This place has one of the best beer selections (besides world of beer) and it's always changing, which is nice if you like to try different things! Also I love the pulled pork bbq!
Good BBQ, extensive beer list, loud. Good place for a win party.
Came here for lunch and it was great! Unlike another reviewer, we had fast service. The food was great! On Tuesdays the special is pulled pork sandwich, 1 side, & a drink for around $7. On Wednesdays the special is 50cent wings. The wings were some of the best we've ever had! The pulled pork sliders were really tasty with the Bourbon BBQ sauce - you get 3 sliders and can choose different meats for each one. The warm Asian-style potato salad is out of this world delicious! They give a lot of corporate/company discounts, you can check their site for more info. I know Harris employees get 10% off. We'll definitely be going back for lunch and would like to try it for dinner sometime too. Their bar had a huge selection of liquors and beers!
What a great place! Tons of beer selection. Great wings, awesome prices, BEAUTIFUL women. On a week of vacation that had me thinking of moving into the area, this place really had me seriously considering the move. I wish more places were this awesome.
Octoberfest in the rain, still a great time. Will be back for the 4th year!
The smoked wings are delicious! Best chicken wing by far. Try the blue cheese fries. Excellent beer selection as well.
I was absolutely HOOKED on the Pulled Pork Sandwich with Carolina Vinegar BBQ sauce, then I tried their Smoked Wings, which were so awesome that I'm torn every time I go there for lunch. We always sit at the bar, and have always had great service, never a blown order, and our glasses are always kept full with fresh Iced Tea.   I think that everyone should give this place a try at least once and compare it to your current favorite BBQ place. Ive had the Pulled Pork, Smoked Turkey, Brisket, and those wonderful wings, and every one was cooked perfectly, and tasted wonderful. Give it a shot, who cares that the French Fries are sliced like potato chips? If I wanted French Fries, I'd go to McDonald's.
Went here with my brother for dinner and was really impressed.  Great beer menu and the blue cheese fries are ridiculously good.
Smoked wings lightly fried are awesome over all great place
Smoked wings are the best!! Whole menu is great.
I've only been here once but I was highly impressed.  We probably got there at about 5:30 on a weeknight, so it wasn't too busy.  I ordered a Radeberger and it  arrived within minutes and in its proper glass (always love that).  For food, I went with their famous smoked wings and bleu fries, neither disappointed.  I usually go for variety and try something different each time I go to a restaurant, but it's been awhile since I've been to Broken Barrel, so a repeat order is definitely a possibility.
40-some taps, 300 bottles, fresh BBQ, free pool, what more does a place need? This place is awesome.
We just ate here tonight for the 1st time...  And the last.  It's too bad as we finally found a place with our favorite beer on tap.  The beer was flat, and the food was mediocre at best.  I had the ribs, they were over done and bones were splitting in half,  the sweet potatoes fries were not fries at al, they were smootheredd in honey, cinnamon, and powdered sugar- if I had wanted dessert I would have ordered it, but don't charge me extra for sweet potato fries and not tell me you they are sabotaged with sugar!!!  The coleslaw was as bland as I've ever tasted.   My husband had the guiness Philly,  and had to ask for a-1 sauce to make it better, and he paid extra for onion rings, but only received 5 of them.   This place needs to get back to basics!!  And Melbourne in general needs to raise their standards in the food industry IMHO!
Decent beer selection. Nice atmosphere once you get inside. Unfortunately it's in a strip mall so it's not exactly the ideal location. Service is extremely slow but they were nice enough once you actually got to talk with the staff.
Ever walk into a place and say, "Wow, didn't expect this!", well this is that place. In the common place backwater of Palm Bay, there is a great beer bar. Selection, glassware, good knowledgeable service and pretty good food. Only been at night, never overly crowded, enjoyed every visit. Nothing fancy, except the brews. Concrete floor, booths and bar stools, dart boards, pool tables, friendly crowd... my kind of place! Beer selection (draft and bottle) is top notch, full bar plenty of parking.
I found this place on a whim when I exited off of I-95 in Palm Bay. I am marking this restaurant in my GPS as a permanent fixture when passing through this town. You walk into this bar, its pretty big, and you seat yourself. There are a lot of TVs and projectors playing sports games and the wait staff is really attentive. Within a minute or two a server greeted us and gave us menus. In the air you smell bbq, a good sign of authenticity. We ordered some mixed beers, nice selection, very reasonable priced. $5.50 for a pint of cider mixed with lambic; a french kiss. We ordered a 1 lb rack of ribs platter with baked beans and coleslaw and a brisket sandwich with seasoned fries. EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING. The ribs had a flavorful rub on it and literally melted off the bone. Incredibly juicy and not dry at all. The best I have ever had actually. The beans were sweet and spicey and had chunks of meat in it. The coleslaw was on point. The brisket was tender and not fatty. The au jus wasn't overly salted. The fries were delicious. They are thinly sliced potatoes fried lighted and seasoned mmh, As soon as our waters ran low, the server refilled them. I had a great experience here, a fantastic meal, and can't wait to come back!
Remember this is a BAR that happens to serve food. We learned that the hard way on Sunday. The place was crowded and a little noisy from so many people  but we found a table and we were ready to order.  Then the jerk at the next table starting clapping so loud and so often at the stupid foot ball game he was watching it made our ears actually ring. Too many beers or just plain nuts we were not sure but the waiter never said a word to him.  We got up and left!  Low class or rather NO class people abound. You know those that were never taught manners. So beware. We went to the Mansion in Melboure and had something to eat and a couple of their craft beers in a quiet, peaceful setting.
Great place! My husband and I went here for the first time on Sunday to watch a bit of football, originally we planned on going to beef's but last minute decided to switch it up and boy are we glad we did! We sat at the bar and the beer selection was incredible!At first I was intimidated by all the beer but the bartender was amazing at helping us decide, her volume of knowledge was really impressive. We tried the smoked wings which are out of this world! And the pork sandwich is really flavorful. The seasoned fries are more like pub chips but still delicious. We will definitely be back next Sunday for another great time.
