Friendly and delicious homemade Colombian food. Carlos gave us different types of traditional Colombian food to try and explained each dish to us.
OK, had the recommendation from a few friends, so opted to try this place since I have not personally been to a strictly-Colombian restaurant before. First impression is that it is a quaint small restaurant. In terms of the tables, chairs and table settings are not fancy or exotic. When we sat down the table had salt & pepper shakers and a jar of green hot sauce with a touch of cilantro which I enjoyed slathering onto the free emplanada appetizer which was provided to us once we were identified as new guests. I was tempted to order a cerveza (i.e., beer), but since we were there for an early lunch, opted for a diet coke instead, which came in a can (not fountain). For lunch I ordered the Pollo A La Criolla, cubed, grilled chicken breast that is mixed in their homemade sauce of peppers, onions and tomatoes. The mixture was served with white rice and four sweet plantains. I believe my wife ordered their Carne Asada, which is grilled steak, without sauce, with green plantains and rice on the side. I tried the steak and it was tender and well-seasoned, and I don't think needed the pepper sauce I mentioned earlier slathered liberally on it...but she likes it that way. Both meals were served with a small salad up front, the salad was good, and more than just mixed greens. We enjoyed the entrees immensely, and would have ordered dessert, but had to run because we got a call while eating. Overall, enjoyed the food and will repeat, but left out one star in my review because of the low-key table settings.
I had never tried Colombian food, so was excited to have an adventure in to something new.  The owner came to the table and asked if we had ever been there before because we looked like new faces.  I found it very charming that he knows his clientele well enough to recognize a new face. I admitted never having eaten Colombian food so the owner cooked us up some free empanadas to try.  They were delicious!!!  My husband ordered a steak dish and I ordered a pork dish and a Latin dish that I can't remember what was even in it... but it was all amazing.  The presentation wasn't that artistic, but when the food is fantastic, it doesn't matter to me if it is presented in a basic but functional manner. Everything we ate was flavorful, well seasoned, juicy and served very quickly.  The staff was on top of everything.  There was plenty of good conversation and the owner was very helpful in explaining the food to us.  I would definitely go back any time I am in the area.
The food is so flavorful! The service was attentive and the drinks were cold! The Empanadas de Columbia are delicious with the hot sauce. The steaks were cooked as ordered and the green garlic salsa is worth the drive from anywhere. The owner took care of our family as though we were the only ones there. We will be back again and again!
Muy bien por almuerzo. colleague from work to us here, and was some serious south american fusion. The owners are a husband and wife, team. He's from columbia and She's frmade to order homemade, empanadas, arepas, fried snapper and cheese flan.
Located in a strip plaza. It looks like it's owned by a 'ma & pop' which made us feel welcome. But, the food was bland and not presented well. My date had pork which was bloody in the middle. She was comped for it but that won't make us happy enough to come back and try this place again. Sangria was 'homemade' but was watery and overpriced. The menu seemed very generic, but I might be unfairly comparing it to Cuban/Brazilian restaurants that are much better in all categories. Swing and a miss with this place.
Excellent food! Friendly staff. Pleasant, not fancy, restaurant. The made on site empanadas were the best I have ever tasted. My husband had the whole fish entree; expertly cooked. Also outstanding is the cafe con leche and the flan is absolute perfection. The music was also just right--beautiful and not too loud. If you enjoy Mexican cuisine, don't miss this chance to sample South America--you will love it.
I have been to many Latino restaurants during my time and this place the food tastes amazing!!! Owner is charming and each time I go there feel at home. I love to go on Sundays for their Oxtail Stew!!! Worth my 40 mile drive!!!
This place is one of my favorites. Great Columbian food.
I really liked it. Good food and a great environment!
