This restaurant is outstanding. I wouldn't even call it restaurant, they treat you like you're family. Best plate is Lamb Shawarma, the best I've ever tried. Also, ask for the falafel appetizer and join everything with a fresh home-made lemonade. Prices are fair!!! p.s. They sell an awesome Pistacchio Turkish chocolate. Chokolata!
Middle Eastern Aromas is a really lovely little strip-mall gem on Florida Tech's campus. I came here on a Friday night with my brother. We were expecting some grand restaurant based on the Yelp ratings, but Middle Eastern Aromas is really just a small strip-mall restaurant that is very easy to miss. The venue itself is really half-restaurant, half grocery-store, which is a bit off-putting. However, there is a clear divide between the two, so after you're there for like 10 minutes or so, you forget that people are coming in and out and are buying things and are... watching you eat. We were seated and asked to order immediately. My brother and I both ordered the same thing--the Fool Moudammas Vegetarian Pita Sandwich--and got a Jallab drink, Zaatar Pie, and French Fries to split. We waited about 15 minutes for our Jallab, Zaatar Pie, and French Fries to arrive. The Jallab is a date-based drink that was VERY sweet and grainy--I really disliked it, but my brother loved it, so I suppose that's just a personal preference. The Zaatar Pie was out-of-this-world incredible. It's not actually a pie... it's actually just a man'ousheh with za'atar spices, but it was phenomenal. The bread was crisp but soft on the interior, and the za'atar was really well made and spread. Definitely the highlight of my meal, and I'd love to go back just for the Zaatar Pie alone. The fries were standard... fries. As we waited for our Fool Moudammas Vegetarian Pita Sandwiches to come out, we were treated to an impromptu bellydancing session. A super talented girl came out and just... started dancing in the middle of the restaurant. It would have been really great if there weren't only 4 people in the restaurant, haha. The entire experience became incredibly uncomfortable due to the absence of patrons--I wish she had waited for 15 minutes, when 2 huge parties came in to eat. Bad timing on the owners' part. The Fool Moudammas Vegetarian Pita Sandwich was very small and very average. It tasted like a gyro sandwich, I guess, without the meat and with lovely, flavorful fava beans. It was fine, but I was really just struck by how small it was. The photos on this Yelp page make it look much larger, when really it's unnervingly the size of a dollar bill, or so. Nonetheless, it was a solid, good dish. Overall, yes, I am glad Middle Eastern Aromas exists in Melbourne to diversify the Americana restaurant landscape. The food is solid, but hopefully the restaurant becomes less... uncomfortable in terms of ambiance. Nevertheless, it's certainly worth checking out if you're in the Florida Tech area.
Came for the gyros. Wasn't impressed. The smaller mom and pop shop upstairs has a better gyro. However I did see dishes coming out that I would like to try in the future.
Very good authentic food! The food was really good and the prices where appropriate. I tried the hummus (among other things) and it was impressively good!
We were disappointed with service. It was very slow and inattentive. The restaurant was empty aside from 2 tables, including us. There was also a lot of blank stares from the waiter when attempting to order, get another drink and even the check. One of us ordered a beer with a label from 2011. Are you kidding me?! I know it's only 2 bucks but where'd they get this from? The food however was pretty good and for the prices I wasn't expecting a whole lot. We had the lamb shawarma, chicken w/ rice, hummus and tabouleh. Food tasted fresh and portions were on point w/ prices. Location was a bit difficult to find from the road, but plenty of parking available. It's located on the left side of the building. If I return, it'll be for take out sans alcohol.
Food was excellent service was friendly and price was reasonable.  What more could you ask for?
Just awesome. Exceeded expectations. Superb quality food. Low cost. Friendly professional staff. I got the lamb with rice, but everything looked good.
A friend of mine mentioned wanting to go to Middle Eastern Aromas for dinner and I checked Yelp and said- yes please! This place is tiny- maybe 7 tables?  It's NOT fancy- don't expect anything other than some diner booths/tables and chairs with a nice view of the grocery.  And not many people work here.  Seems like a mother and her daughters.  Regardless... whoever is cooking seriously knows what they're doing.  The food is inexpensive and tastes fantastic.  I had the gyro for $4.  A++ would eat again!  The hummus was fantastic, too.
As usual - I am a belly dancer and have a radar for Middle Eastern dining. Whenever I am in an unfamiliar area, I have an uncanny ability to find Middle Eastern food. After a photo shoot in Melbourne today, my internal homing device led me to Aromas. Good job, Bellydancer GPS! LOL. Aromas is your classic hole-in-the-wall Middle Eastern eatery (this place is Lebanese) and while the atmosphere is no-frills, the food shines. I enjoyed the shish taouk (spiced chicken served on a nice fragrant rice), with sides of tabbouleh, hummus and pita. It was a very satisfying meal and prepared with great care. I haven't had other dishes on the menu, but judging by other reviews and today's experience, I will be back again! I was probably the only person there who wasn't speaking Arabic, and I think that's exactly the way it should be when I eat at a Middle Eastern restaurant. The other half of Middle Eastern Aromas is a very well-stocked Middle Eastern grocery store that carries many hard-to-find cooking ingredients. I was just beside myself to find orange blossom water there after scouring God's creation for the stuff all weekend! VERY cool find, and I can see myself becoming a regular.
Awesome food. Who would believe it rivals NYC middle eastern restaurants. Will be back on next trip!
MIDDLE EASTERN AROMAS Wow - it does not get any better ! When I lived in Indialantic I would eat here every week and take a large order to go to bring home. Everyone on our show would eat here often. Friends of mine who lived in Palm Beach would drive two hours ( 120 miles ) to eat here. I now live in Boston and miss this place very much. Looking forward to visiting Florida so I can eat the best food in the world again. Trust me, "It's no illusion - it's magic" Carl Bertolino Master Magician Fitchburg Massachusetts
The food is great, and the prices are outstanding! MIL raved about the beef and rice dish she ordered, and hubby dug on some lamb shawarma while I enjoyed the hummus tabbouleh pita (served like a wrap). The owner was also super friendly. Had a refill been offered for any of our drinks (mine was empty during half the meal), I'd give five stars.
Amazing food with a cozy environment. Sometimes the service can be a little slow but the food is worth the wait!
EVERYTHING I HAVE HAD HERE IS AMAZING!   okay there was one time that the server forgot our Baklava and that kinda sucked.  I also think they may get it from a vendor which is also not so good.   The take out takes a while even when I have called ahead it's another 15 minutes from the time I get there.  Unfortunately I crave the food here so I am really willing to deal with it. Also they don't have free refill on soda. My favorites are: Fatoush Salad Babaghannouj  (It's so garlicky and delicious! ) Kafta Kabob I think I remember the falafel being tasty as well
I was in Melbourne for business and saw the reviews on Yelp. I came in for an early lunch and a takeout falafel (tahini on the side) for the flights home. The falafel made the trip safely and was most welcome when I had a 30 minute layover for a connection in Detroit. I had a chicken wrap and tabouli for lunch and they were excellent as well. I always seek out small local restaurants, and this one was worth the visiti. Too bad I was not around for dinner.
Absolutely the best. I have never had a bad experience here. Everything is fresh and delicious, I love the fattoush salad and the falafel wrap. The nicest family runs the place, a truly wonderful restaurant! Words can't do it justice!
Excellent food. I am vegetarian and was delighted to find such variety. We were given hummus, tabouleh and pita for starters. Every single relish was delicious
Sooo yummy! Btw, this guy makes the best falafel in town. Owned by a very nice family. Shop inside has local honey, tahini & my favorite cookies. They catered a party for me & all were impressed. Hot belly dancers on the weekends, which my sons like a LOT. ;)
We came from Dearborn, MI & found this gem here in Melbourne, FLA. Excellent food. If you're coming to the space coast, this is a place to try!
Just off the Middle Eastern grocery sits the cozy dining room filled with small flags, photos, and various artifacts of the Middle East. While watching Arab Idol on the big flat screen tv, I enjoy the Lebonese beer. No cold glass but whatever. I got the falafel sandwich for a quick bite at lunch. It's served in a little basket and neatly wrapped in a toasted, crunchy pita. Super delicious, especially with the offered hot sauce. The service was friendly and all the Arab FIT students patronizing the place added to the atmosphere. Highly recommended by me.
Went in with a group of 10 (wed night) and everyone had nothing but rave reviews. Dipping the pita bread with the hummus and Tabbouleh was amazing. The flavors are outstanding and just explode in your mouth. I had the beef tenderloin kabobs which were great. I must try the ground beef kabobs next time. Wish we could have been there on Friday for the belly dancers.
We had a delicious and authentic lunch here today.  I had chicken cabsa with rice, tabbouleh and hummus.  My husband had a chicken schwerma with stuffed grape leaves for the appetizer.  It was excellent. We also purchased some hard-to-find middle eastern groceries in the attached store.  I'm looking forward to grilled haloumi cheese.
Friendly staff and super affordable food. I ordered a falafel wrap/sandwich and it was yummy. Ordered a salad that left some room to be desired though. I like that fact that it has grocery items as well just in case you wanted to try and whip up your own Mediterranean fare. I'd go back. I want to try their hummus.
We stop there for lunch on our way from Miami to Atlanta. It's a small family style dinner. Despite the reviews the service was fast and attentive. The food was fresh but not even near five stars. We order the bunch of appetizers: humus, babaganush, grape leaves, falafel, some other dish with some kind of legumes that I have never heard of before and a fattoush salad. I like salt and lemon but everything was too lemony and too salty for my taste. Falafel was really good, but fattoush salad consisted of iceberg lettuce and pita, there was no radishes, tomatoes and cucumbers. All dishes were really small. With 2 hot tea, 2 Turkish coffee, 1 french fries and 1 baclava the bill end up $66, which with tips become $80. $80 for lunch with no alcohol! It was certainly didn't worth it, $40 is the most I would pay. I wouldn't recommend the place and wouldn't come back. I'm giving them 3 stars because it's an ethnic place in the middle of nowhere, if they're located in a city I would of given them 2.
so tasty.  middle eastern restaurant and grocery run by man and his wife.  they have a wide selection of wrap/sandwiches with the usuals, tabbouleh and hummus.  perhaps the best hummus in south brevard.  carryies a wide variety of hard to find arabic and persian foods. middleeasternaromas.com
Fantastic food. Everything is made fresh when you order. Highly recommended.
Amazing Wraps.  I personally liked the Lunch Hummus Wrap and will definitely go back for more.  The interior is very cozy and relaxing if you want to go with friends or family.  My father mentioned they relocated from the 2nd floor to the 1st and increased the store size.  There is also a grocery section inside with a very wide selection of Middle Eastern ingredients.   Lunch prices were too reasonable!
Tried this restaurant last night based primarily on Yelp reviews (ya Yelp!), and I was not disappointed. It was a lovely homey atmosphere with a nice selection on the menu, yummy food, reasonable prices and excellent service. Well done! I will be back!
Lamb shawarna sandwich was delish!  All the food I've had from here is fantastic.  Go...now!
Fantastic !!!! Not enough starts to rate this Amazing restaurant. Off the charts GREAT FOOD ! The service was excellent. Atmosphere was themed and charming !!! We live almost one hour away . And Now ? My wife and I are going to make special trips to eat here again !!! Don't miss this One !! Enjoy !!
As an Arabian , this restaurant have one of the best arabic food that you can get in Melbourne , the atmosphere the treatment is just amazing , and if you want to buy some Arabian supplies and groceries they have it here
One of my favorite haunts when in Melbourne. Found this place when the Pita Pit on Babcock closed and I had a taste for a pita. Wow, am I glad I did! The humus - some of the best I've ever had, even better than the humus that I make myself. And the tabbouleh is fresh and fabulous. I've invited work friends for lunch here and now it's their favorite, too. Oh and the pitas are great!
I was in Melbourne on business and I found this place via Yelp. It was excellent. I had the baba ghanoush and a falafel sandwich and some tea. All of it was delectable. I wouldn't hesitate to return.
Hands down one of the best places to eat in the Melbourne area.  Consistently great food, well prepared with fresh ingredients.  Everyone I have ever taken there LOVES it, and wonders why it took them so long to try the food.  My favorite is Lamb Shawarma  and the babaganoush.   Nice little store attached, owners delightful.
We live in Dallas and get to Melbourne a few times a year to visit family.  We NEVER leave Melbourne until we eat at M.E.A. The owners are so friendly and professional. The food is like something you'd get out of a family kitchen in Beirut. They don't mess around and everything is made to order fresh. This is the top of the top in Middle Eastern cuisine. Do not miss it.
