Best Thai food anywhere! (and for some reason it's in albany) I've never had anything I didn't like here, they're very vegan/vegetarian friendly, curries are my favorite. Service is amazing too! Such sweet people!
Came here b/c the reviews were amazing...Walked in and the place was packed. A good sign right? Nope we were "greeted" "we're full" We stood there looking at the menu thinking we might take something to go...and continued to stand there... We went somewhere else for dinner.
Sweet basil is a sweet little place with quality food and delightful taste. We went to this place for a Saturday afternoon lunch. I was impressed with the way they decorated a small place. The ambiance was very pleasant. We ordered Mango Curry and Green Curry with noodles. Both the delicacies were hot and great at taste. The portions were good. I really liked the mango curry, would definitely suggest to try. I think they are doing a good job with respect to both food and service. Do try Sweet Basil, I am sure you will like it.
This review is from a few months back when I did take out. I was very disappointed with the food. I'm not sure if the chef was on vacation that day or if the wrong sauce was dumped but the sweet basil duck had no hint of basil flavor in it. The sauce I could have sworn was General Tso's chicken sauce. Only good thing was the duck was a duck. If this dish was as intended with no mistakes then I would be very sad. A pricey dish that is house specialty with the word basil in it from a place that has the word basil in the name but is not able to express the unique basil flavoring in the dish is verrry disappointing. Even if this dish was named General Tso's duck I would still be disappointed since the sauce is too overwhelming to be used sloppily on this dish. In conclusion this review might be harsh but there is no excuse for a poorly executed dish on the house specialty list. I hope this was only human error and not the recipe itself. I am a huge fan of basil and I've been eating and cooking with different cultivars of basil all my life so I was very disappointed.
Went here on a quiet Saturday afternoon. It's atmosphere is cozy, romantic, and intimate. We were immediately greeted by the waitress upon entering. We started off with the pork and shrimp steamed dumplings. They were delicate, flavorful and the presentation was like a work of art all neatly lined up in a row. We had the chicken pad thai, which was delicious. The fries chicken on top was a little on the dry side. The chicken curry was amazing. The sauce, amazing.  Just enough salt, spice, and flavor. Definitely recommend it!
Best Thai food that we had in a while. We are really happy to find such a gem in the Capital region. Be sure to try the mango salad.
My girlfriend and I dropped in on a whim because of the other good reviews we saw on Yelp. Turns out we were very lucky - the place was packed and there was a reservation list, but a table had opened up just before we arrived. The dining room is small, with 5 four-seat tables inside; 3 or 4 more were available on the patio out front. The staff was friendly and responsive. Our orders were taken within minutes of sitting down, and our water glasses never emptied out completely before the waitresses came by to top them off. We started with the fresh basil spring rolls as an appetizer. They were delightful - each had a leaf of basil and fresh, crispy veggies with a sweet and savory dipping sauce. Next came shrimp tom yum soup - red curry and coconut milk broth with scallions, cilantro, onion, white mushrooms, and a couple of jumbo shrimp. A nice blend of savory, spicy, and sweet, and it left us satisfied as we waited for the entrees. For dinner, I had the mango curry duck. It came with a rich, creamy curry sauce and was loaded with peas, red peppers, and basil, and the duck itself was cooked to perfection; tender, juicy, and delicious. My girlfriend had the chicken pad thai. We've had pad thai at several restaurants in the area, and we both agreed that this was by far the best one we've had so far. Finally, we both had a glass of the Thai iced coffee. It was practically a dessert unto itself - sweet, cool, and refreshing, with a hint of spice (nutmeg, maybe) and a taste that reminded us of cocoa. The price is right - everything above came to $54 total, and I would've gladly paid more for my entree (and probably would have at some other restaurants). We can't recommend this place enough - but be sure you make a reservation if you're planning on coming in during busy hours!
I have to give this place 5 stars because I had what may have possibly been the best mango curry that I'll ever have. I've tried ordering it at other places since eating here and they just don't compare. I really wish I lived nearby because I would probably eat mango curry every day for the rest of my life.
ONLY PLACE FOR REAL THAI ANYWHERE NEAR HERE. GO THERE. I lived in NYC for five years and fell in love with Thai food. I went to nearly every thai or thai/fusion place i could find. I have digestive issues so im sensitive to quality ingredients and execution. This place is awesome. The 'Sweet Basil Fresh Roll -- Steamed rice noodle with vegetable and basil leaves wrapped in soft rice paper served with sweet tamarind sauce' = heavenly.
We found this place on a road trip home to MA and now we know to stop here on our way through at dinner time!  Kids love the chicken satay and Pad Thai!
Love it here. Nice cozy atmosphere. I suggest making a reservation because they get pretty busy and it's a small place. It did take a while for them to come take our order, but the food was great.  I ordered the red curry noodle with chicken and it was delicious!
I don't often write a review for a place we didn't actually get to eat, but I've also never been to a restaurant that said "we're full..." and then nothing, when we walked in the door, rather than "the wait will be 15-20". It's almost like they were trying to drive business away...so we went elsewhere.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place. The food is delicious and reasonably priced and the restaurant is clean and well decorated. However this place is tiny. Be prepared to have to sit very close to other people there especially on a busy night. They also do take outs so that can be another option if you don't feel like waiting for a table. We went for a late lunch and ordered pot stickers, Kao Soi noodle and Chicken Finger Garden. The portion size was good and the meal was hot and it was so good that even my non-adventurous husband suggested going back and trying everything else on the menu. So yes, this is a five star.
3.75 stars! Sweet Basil is a small, cozy space that sets the mood with dim lighting and makes for an intimate setting for a small party of 2 to 4. A heart shaped glass contains water with two floating candles and a gerber daisy all of which sit prettily on each table. The restaurant is well kept and clean, further lending to its comfortable appeal. We came in as a large party (of almost 20), filling up the restaurant with chatter and laughter. One hostess/server took care of all of us, and did so ever graciously. There were no delays in service as what might have been anticipated and instead the service throughout the night was attentive and helpful. The pad kee mao and pad see ew, popular dishes and rather standard fare, were well created with great flavor and made with fresh ingredients like broccoli, carrots, and onions. The portions were generous in size, enough for almost two meals. I highly recommend the papaya salad made of papaya strips, bean sprouts, steamed green beans, halved cherry tomatoes, and chunks of peanut, all mixed in a sour and slightly spicy dressing. Aside the salad were bits of lettuce, used to balance the flavors of the papaya salad. Take a bite size amount of salad wrapped in crisp and juicy lettuce, and you have a truly flavorful but not too overpowering experience. All was well save for the spicy sweet basil entree, which was a medley of vegetables in a spicy basil sauce (I added duck to it) and a side of white rice. The dish came with a half cm thick layer of oil glistening in all its glory. The duck meat came with plenty of fat, which together with the already oily sauce, was simply too greasy. The sauce itself was salty, but given that it was to be eaten with white rice, I think that's understandable. However the amount of oil in that dish was simply frightening. I would very much want to try other things on the menu, provided that they're not oil laden like the spicy sweet basil entree. Perhaps a curry on my next visit?
First off, this place is very small. I was not expecting such a tight fit or having to wait on top of a few other couples just to be seated. There was one woman who acted as hostess and server, which only made sense in a venue of this size. The food was very good and very reasonably priced. Our dinner for two was sub-$40, which was a pleasant surprise. The presentation was quite nice, but the decor and menus seemed more at place in a takeout restaurant, not a sit-down. The reviews on Yelp seemed to promise one of the best dining experiences in the Capital Region, but I couldn't agree less. It's not the worst place I've been to, but it is nowhere near the top. I would recommend Sweet Basil, but not on a busy night, unless you like waiting shoulder-to-shoulder with strangers or having said strangers stare at you while you dine.
This is a great spot for authentic Thai food in the Albany area! My girlfriend and I tried to go a few months ago but they were booked up and were apologetic to us but couldn't seat us because we hadn't made reservations. We tried again late last night and were very happy with our experience. This place is tiny, so call ahead. The only reason this review lost a star is because it's so tiny, actually. Only 6 tables in the whole place. The staff were amazing and very nice. Both of our wait staff were from Thailand and were very friendly. They also have take-out if that suits your fancy. The food was excellent, especially the crab Rangoon and the spring rolls. Pad Thai with duck was also excellent. The duck was cooked perfectly! If you're looking for great Thai, try this place, you won't be disappointed!
Thoroughly disappointed with the food and service. Based on the other reviews I really thought I'd like this place. First, they served my friend someone else's plate of food. They preceded to remove the plate from in front of her and serve it to the other table. Then they served us her food with the wrong protein and my soup, the Tom Kha. The Tom Kha was cloyingly sweet. The chicken had bones in it. After another 20 minutes (I do not exaggerate), my main dish came out, the Chef Salad. I was told it was similar to the Larb Gai (which had great reviews on yelp) but more gingery. When they brought my plate out, the smell was vomit-inducing. The food tasted as bad as it smelled. I could only eat the side romaine. I will not be returning.
Great Thai food.  Sweet basil duck was crispy with a great sweet chili type sauce. Tom yum soup was nice and tangy but not spicy.  Chicken pad Thai did not disappoint. Servings are a decent size. There were 3 of us and we shared three entrees and it was plenty of food.  We even split the mango and sticky rice. The rice was covered in some type of coconut aside and the mango was perfectly ripe and nice not too sweet desert to round on the meal
We thoroughly enjoyed our meal here and plan to come back soon. To start we had the basil spring rolls which were not only delicious, but also beautifully presented. For dinner I had the Spicy Sweet Basil with Chicken. I could have done with more spice (so they brought me out some chile paste), but overall it was delicious. We all left feeling fully and happy. Definitely call ahead though because this place is VERY small and I could see it filling up fast on a busy night.
Wow. What a great meal. This is the best Thai food I've had in a long long time. Maybe the best I've ever had. The drunken noodle was outstanding. Very small dinning area. We arrived just before noon and it was a good thing because they filled up quickly. There was a birthday party with 10 people that took up half the dinning room. The rest of the tables were all full a little after noon. The nice waitress said to several people to come back in 45 minutes.  One group waited 45 minutes for a table. That's says a lot about the quality of the food that people would wait 45 minutes during their lunch hour for a table.
Every time I try out the best rated stuff on Yelp for the capital region, it's always kind of a disappointment. I don't know if everyone in Albany has low standards, or if everyone just lacks any sort of...culture, but the "best" stuff here is about the same as the average/below average stuff at home (NYC/Nassau County). The food wasn't... terrible.  But the food wasn't as exceptional as everyone on here is making it sound.  If you've never had good Thai before, maybe you'll like it.
Enjoyed a great dinner here recently with the family. Across the table we ordered: chicken drunken noodles (extra spicy), chicken green curry, seafood green curry, seafood mango curry and pork pad thai as entrees and the fresh spring rolls, mussels, and a fried potsticker like item as appetizers. Everything we had was delicious. The curries were pleasantly spiced and even the drunken noodles that were requested obscenely spicy were not overdone but were definitely a spiciness on another level. I would highly recommend any of the curries as the top dish to try! The one reason I did not rate the experience a 5 was due to some hiccups in the service as we did not have an attentive waitress and had to reach out to others when we needed assistance. Overall the experience was positive and the food spoke for itself - authentic Thai and great place to try in the Albany area!
We came here after my sister's graduation and the food was amazing!  I'd never had shrimp satay, but they have it here and it was so good.  The noodles were also excellent and they know how to prepare tofu so the texture is just right.   The mango sticky rice dessert is delicious, so save room!
My first experience at this restaurant was wonderful. Today I returned to the restaurant  hoping to recreate that experience. I found myself in one of the most uncomfortable restaurant experiences I have ever had. The waitress took our order incorrectly. After we mentioned we had ordered a different appetizer she indicated that we were wrong and that was what we ordered. She then proceeded to return to the kitchen complaining about us the entire way. She was loud enough that the entire dining room could hear her complaints. I let her know that we could hear her... We left. I am  still in shock about what happened. Be wary when you go here. I won't be back.
We come here regularly, and since it served good food, we took our friend for lunch here and ordered a lot of food and told the staff to make it vegetarian. The waitress bought tofu nuggets and spring rolls and it smelled like it was made in oil that was used for cooking other food with meat. We asked her about that but she denied and started arguing. We never faced this problems previously but since they had lots of customers to serve they did not care about losing one group. I was really disappointed in them because we were really hungry after our commencement ceremony and my friends were really angry at the staff. I won't visit this place again.
Good stuff!  We are from SoCal and stopped based on the Yelp score!  Another good job by fellow Yelpers.
Great authentic Thai food - nothing out of a box! They have a creative, delicious unique menu, with their own twist on some of this standards. We can't wait to come back in try more items on the menu!
Small, charming little mom and pop place. Loved the crab rangoon--you can actually taste the crab, it's not like many places where it seems you just get a glob of cream cheese. Pot stickers were pretty good, but not great. Had the duck pad kee mao and it was really tasty with lots of duck. I'll be back...
This is a super small, cozy restaurant serving up delicious and authentic Thai food! Be warned, there is very little seating. When we were there, we noticed a line of people waiting. Get there early!
I've only been here once, but based on that experience will definitely return. (Especially because it's much closer to me than Blue Spice in Delmar.) I had a pineapple/mango curry with vegetables and the Sweet Basil Fresh Roll with tamarind sauce. Both were excellent. Crab rangoon was very good, though I only had one. The Thai Iced Tea was delicious (you can ask for no milk/cream and it's still just as good in my opinion). Word of warning for vegetarians - I'm pretty sure a piece of shrimp ended up in my curry. I eat seafood occasionally so it wasn't a big deal for me and mistakes happen, but full disclosure and all.
Spring rolls & Thai fried ride with chicken. Both were very good. Service was prompt, efficient and not intrusive. Request for suggestions were received enthusiastically and thoughtfully.
I have one word to describe Sweet Basil: outstanding!  It is without a doubt the best Thai in the Capital District (and I'm a BIG fan of Thai food and have tried pretty much everywhere).  I was super excited to try this place and it definitely exceeded my expectations! It's pretty small inside with only 6ish tables but it's very cute.  Despite it being small it was actually pretty quiet and I didn't really notice other people talking.  Parking is a little annoying since you have to park on the street, but no big deal.  Since it is very small I was worried that when the door opened we would be freezing since it is the winter, but they had it at a perfect temperature and it wasn't a problem at all.   The menu has a lot of Thai options--curries, noodle dishes, house specialties, soups, salads and apps.  The crab rangoon is without a doubt the best I have ever eaten.  The other appetizers that I've tried have also been really good.  I am impartial to red curry and it's my absolute favorite, so it's what I get every time.  It is the best red curry I've ever had.  The other entrees dining companions have gotten have also been great and they have raved about them.  The portions are pretty good sized, they definitely don't skimp on the meat.  Everything is super fresh too.  I don't think they have their liquor license as I did not see any alcohol on the menu.  The prices are extremely fair for the quality and portion size.  Two people can each order and appetizer and entree and only spend about $50. The service is friendly and attentive.   If you want the best Thai food in Albany, head here!  I cannot say enough good things about it and it is definitely now my go-to place for Thai! :)
Sweet Basil is a new addition to the historic Delaware avenue neighborhood. It is a welcome addition. There was a hotdog place before this one opened here. It was highly recommended by a friend who has been here a few times. I decided to meet someone here for a business meeting. It has very few tables in one room. There was only one table occupied by us in at 1 PM on Saturday so a lot of privacy and personal attention. I ordered soup and salad and it was very nice and spicy. My friend, who is not used to eating at Thai places, ordered a chicken salad and he was highly surprised by the dish. He liked it though. I enjoyed my spicy papaya salad and spicy soup. Portion sizes are a little smaller than I expected but this place is also a little cheaper compared to other places in town. I will recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a good fresh Thai restaurant with nice options. I have upgraded the review to five stars because for Albany this is as good as it gets for Thai food!
I think Capital Thai just got ousted by Sweet Basil as my new favorite Thai restaurant in Albany. After hearing my boss raving about dinner here and seeing the glowing Yelp reviews, I had to try it out. The restaurant is small and cozy. They have eight tables inside and an additional two outside. I thought their interior decor was really nice (especially the ceiling tiles). We were immediately seated but it took a few minutes to be given menus, which was fine because we were in no rush and it seemed like there were a lot of take out orders being processed. The waitress apologized once she came over. We decided to start with the sweet basil rolls, which were awesome. It's very simple but the freshness of the vegetables (I love a good crunch in my veggies) and the plate presentation really impressed us. My soup came out a few minutes later. They give you a very large portion considering it was included with my entree. It had shiitake, tofu, clear noodles, peas, cilantro and finely crushed peanuts. The cilantro really shined through. I could easily eat the soup and an appetizer and be fully satisfied. We ordered the sweet basil chicken and the pad see eww with beef. Both were delivered to us straight from the kitchen piping hot. The chicken was presented beautifully in a hollowed out pineapple. How often do you get to eat out of a pineapple!? Freaking cool! The noodles were delicious. Spiced perfectly. Normally we don't eat dessert, but after overhearing the glowing reviews from the table next to us, we decided to splurge. It was well worth it. The sticky rice with mango was enough for both of us, but we also ordered the custard because we were curious. Both were again plated beautifully and delicious. They really know how to make some awesome sticky rice. One appetizer, two Thai iced teas, two entrees and two desserts cost us $50. A bit more expensive than other restaurants but it was totally worth it because we enjoyed absolutely everything. The quality was top notch. Try this place. I can guarantee you will love it. It was one of the best meals I've had in Albany in a long, long time.
I don't often write yelp reviews; maybe that can be a New Years resolution of mine, because this site has offered me some great suggestions since I've joined. How ever as soon as I left my table I knew I had to share this place with others because it is some of the best Thai food I've ever had! I was lucky with Thai places since I lived in Boston for college and they had some amazing choices for Thai and this is the only restaurant I've been to in albany that has matched the taste and style of eating in one of those places that I remember so fondly. The place is small and if you go on a Friday, be prepared to wait. They will take reservations. We got there a little after five for an early dinner and as soon as we sat down, the seven or so tables filled up immediately.  The room seems to me like I was sitting in someone's living room and I really enjoyed the dim lights and clean look of the place. Nothing's tacky or crowded. Even at full capacity the room is quiet and romantic.  The woman who works front of house is very sweet and attentive, and considering she's the only one working, it's a great talent that she never keeps you waiting. The food is amazing.  Everything we had was plated beautifully.  We started with calamari tempura and fresh basil spring rolls.  Calamari was lightly fried and not greasy and came with an amazing side sauce, topped with crumbled cashews. The rolls were tightly wrapped and the veggies crisp. It came with what I can only describe as an eel sauce that had a sweet chocolate taste to it. For my main course I had the Massaman curry with duck. It was served rather mild, but our server brought out a tray of spices to kick it up how ever many notches you need.   The duck was not sparse and really went well with the curry, cashews, potatoes, and tomatoes, and of course, basil. It was clearly a 5 star meal I have no problems saying that, however, the one downside is their lack of a liquor license. After a long week of work it would have been great to knock back a couple of Singha's to offset the spices I added to my meal.  I'm pretty burnt out on Thai iced tea.  I do know, however,I will be going back.
"It's been a long Thai ago" by Josh K. I have been away from Southeast Asia for almost 5 years now.  That's a long time, or at least it feels like a long time. The reason I know is that I am thoroughly enjoying just about every Thai place I have been eating at, especially in the Capital Region.  I would be the first to be very critical of Thai food in Albany, but to me (those from bigger cities may disagree) each restaurant around here all seem to serve both the exotic and authentic flavors from the Malay peninsula that I became addicted to half a decade ago. Blue Spice, Sukhothai, Kinnaree, and now Sweet Basil, have all been very good and only minutes from my house, rather than an exceedingly expensive 24 hour plane flight away.  I am very thankful for this. What sets Sweet Basil apart from the other Thai establishments in the area is the more fanciful presentations.  Secondly, the basil, garlic, and chili flavors really stand out more as they seem fresher. Furthermore, located on a pleasant stretch of Delaware Avenue, with covered front patio seating, Sweet Basil has the best environs of all the Thai places in the area. Lastly, they serve a mean (and huge!) Thai iced tea, perfect for unwinding on a summer evening while musicians play next door at Emack and Bolio's. On this particular evening we started with some Crab Rangoon (good but too much cheese and not enough crab flavors) and then enjoyed the Spicy Sweet Basil chicken dish with linguine noodles and a Red Mango Curry with Tofu with a bowl of Jasmine rice. Perfectly balanced, the basil chicken was a knockout and the highlight of our meal; and, although the curry was a little thicker (more like a sauce) that what I am used to, the flavors were spot-on. Celebrating their one year anniversary, we were treated to complimentary Thai egg rolls which were awesome. My biggest complaint with Sweet Basil is the service. Don't come expecting anything prompt, this place is SLOW. But if it it's good food, and beautiful weather outside, I am okay with that. Now if only there was some good Korean...
It is a quaint little place next to emack and bolios. I have hopes (more than the Boston place that was here a few years ago and as much as the sushi joint from last year).   Robert really dug his larb gai, Mike scarfed his pineapple fried rice and gives it thumbs up. And my pad see ew was the best I have ever had, the noodles were suffused with flavor and I have a ton left for lunch. We decided to come in based on the rave reviews of the group leaving and of the couple still eating on the deck. The smells inside were very inviting and the other diners were looking quite happy. We say outside and were serenaded by the dulcet Times of the open mic couple singing Irish folk songs next door. The spring rolls were fresh and tasty
Second review, ate in the dining room with two friends - we each loved our food, shared and declared - Service, by Benn, was focused and attentive, and you could just tell that the food was freshly prepared - If you like it more/really spicy, just ask!
Found this restaurant on yelp on our way back from skiing in Vermont. When we drove off the highway, we were a little leery of the neighborhood behind the restaurant but when we walked in, saw the beautiful table setting and was reassured. The food was nicely presented but I expected more. However, for Albany, I guess it wasn't bad.
Tried them out for takeout while I had a few friends over. Two main dishes and a handful of appetizers. Love their food entirely. Had a veggie friend who just wanted veggie based dishes and they not only had a greatly varied selection of veggies but everything was crisp and fresh.  Flavors were great.   The only reason for minus one star is I like a little more spice in my Thai food. I'm going to order a little differently next time and make sure they know I like my food spicey.
Outstanding food and service! Pad Thai and mango curry with shrimp are my go-to  favorites. It is important to make a reservation for the evenings because the dining area is relatively small. This is my favorite Thai restaurant. The servers and staff are always so pleasant and add to my exquisite dining experience.
Reserved the entire restaurant for a small wedding luncheon for about 20. We could not have been happier nor our guests. The owner, chef and staff worked with us to come up with the menu. Everything came out like clock-work, the chef added a few extras and took care of a last minute vegetarian request. Orange was our color and they put out orange roses. 1/4 of the wedding was allergic to gluten so Thai made sense and Sweet Basil has the best Thai. The cost was more than reasonable. Now when we eat there, we will think of our wedding for years to come. Another plus, gay-friendly. Thank you Sweet Basil; hats off to the chef!
By far the best Thai food. Its a very small place that serves food with such a good presentation and taste that can make 4 start restaurants look average. Any curry and noodles is must have. Try Thai ice tea in beverages.
Terrific in all regards.  Food, atmosphere, and service.  Recommended highly and without reservation.  Sometimes difficult to get a table!
We will all be back to this little gem!  All seven of us were first-timers here and we all raved about the cute little house-turned-restaurant, the attentive service, and yes, the food.  The Tom Kha Soup and Tom Yum Soup were all well received.  Sooo fresh!  The Tom Yum has a bit of a kick.  Four of us got the Mango Chicken and boy, not one complaint.  The ratio of spice to sweet was perfect, and again, everything was so fresh tasting.  The Sweet Basil Duck was also a hit among those who tasted it; my friend said she really liked the crispiness of the outside and how tender and flavorful it was inside.  The only complaint, if you can even call it that, is that my friend who ordered Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp did not care for the fact that the shrimp came with tails; she found that to be messy.  But she still raved about the flavor.  If you go in the winter, make sure you have a reservation or call ahead to see if it is busy, as there isn't much space for waiting inside.
Fabulous food! Love the Pad Thai and the Massaman curry! Outdoor dining on the weekend has live acoustic music from Emack & Bolio's ice cream shop next door!
Cute, cozy Thai restaurant. My friend and I ordered calamari and dumplings to start. Dumplings were flavorful and the calamari was fried nicely. However, the appetizer portions are small. The main dish was a definite disappointment. I ordered the Kee Mao (Drunken noodle) with duck. Noodles were definitely overcooked and the dish was bland. Maybe I'm used to having Kee Mao taste a certain way, having come from NYC. I like my noodles soft, and the sauce laid on thick. I may go here next time to try the curry, but my dish was definitely a let down.
Cute little place. Service was a tiny bit slow, but we really weren't in any hurry, and the one server was working hard. Crab rangoons were really great, and our entrees were large and flavorful. Also: the server was super-friendly, smiling the whole time, very accommodating. I'm sure this place will be on our list anytime we come through Albany.
Came here for dinner. Ordered Mango Curry with Chicken and Drunken Noodle with chicken.  Roughly $12 a place (dinner price). The mango curry was really good. The noodles we stale as though they have been sitting out for a while before they were used. The services was really good. Overall, I would go back, I just wouldn't order any noodle based dishes.
Had the Tom Yum Seafood soup and Massaman curry with duck. One of the best Thai restaurants I have visit so far. Very friendly service and authentic food. Will come back for sure!
What a wonderful intimate Thai restaurant in Albany! The restaurant is impeccably clean, the staff very kind and friendly, and the food is fantastic! If you like spicy Thai, you should make very sure you tell them, they are very sensitive to American tastes.
Probably the best thai restaurant in Albany. I am a bit picky because I lived in Manhattan prior to moving here, and there are awesome places there. But, best in Albany. I love the drunkman noodles, my fave. It's a little small, but the waitresses/owner? all seemed very nice.
food is pretty good and waitress are nice. The restaurant is small but cozy and clean. Reasonable price. will come back again.
The food was okay. I moreso enjoyed supporting a local business where they obviously poured their heart into keeping it going. There's a few tables that are available, stunningly coordinated decor makes this place a little nicer than the outside would appear, and a very friendly woman was perfectly attentive.
Yummy curry. Affordable prices. Big portions! Edit / Update:  Visited again on 10/20/13. The pad thai is also delicious. The waitress (owner?) was very nice and gave us a complimentary dessert. The prices are fabulous for how fantastic the food is!
Having grown up in Albany before going to school and eventually London/San Francisco, my expectations for the quality of food are never very high. However, Sweet Basil delivers some of the best thai food I've had, ever. My mom and I shared the crab rangoon, and then I had the panang curry with fried tofu. Delicious! I'll be back here the next time I'm home for certain.
I was asked to go out with a group of people from work to this place for dinner and I was so excited because I have driven past it so many times but never actually tried it! It does look a bit unassuming from the outside but the food is amazing! Prices are great, timely with the orders, and so delicious.  Tons a vegetarian options but also lots of meat dishes too to please everyone. Small dining area inside, although they do have a few more tables outside on the patio.  But make a reservation to be on the safe side. I will definitely be making a return trip in the near future.
Enjoyed the Thia food it is not longer called Sweet Basil...but decided to go anyway.  The starter we got the spring rolls which were searved with a hot and sweet sauce.  It was very good, since I have diatary restictions there are lots of choices.  I had the Curry and that was good too.  I would go back.  Good service and nice portions........
Loved the ambience and the food in terms of its taste and presentation. Very cozy atmospheare and authentic food. They do seem to struggle with to go orders sometimes. I would go there again!
Honestly I wasn't all that impressed. The food was good, it wasn't the most spectacular Thai I've ever had, but it was good. What drove me nuts about Sweet Basil was the wait, for EVERYTHING. It took forever for someone to come over and get our drink order. We were waiting for friends and we would have liked to put in an appetizer order, but that didn't happen until after our friends had shown up. Once the appetizers came out and we had MORE than finished every scrap on the plates (25 mins?) only then did the waitress come to take our dinner orders. I guess maybe if we didn't have some place to be at a set time after dinner I wouldn't have minded how long everything took. The place was packed, and it's a very tiny room with tables close together - so if you're planning on eating there on a weekend definitely call and make a reservation on advance. Overall it was a decent experience, good food, crummy service, and a crowded space.
If you are lucky enough to score a seat at this tiny restaurant - congratulations! Excellent food, very fresh and obviously made to order. Our waitress was friendly and attentive, and did not rush us along. The spring rolls were delicious, as was the green curry noodles. We are both vegans and had no problems filling up at this great little restaurant. If you love Thai food or always wanted to try it, Sweet Basil is the perfect place.
Best Thai food in Albany! My husband and I went and were very impressed with the strong flavors and delicious spices. We look forward to coming again in the future!
Stopped there on the way back from Canada. We were the only people there. It was late about 9.30. They looked like they were about to close but served us. We ordered the Pad Thai and the Mango chicken dish. We really enjoyed the Pad Thai and gave it two thumbs up. The mango chicken dish threw me for a loop. I did not like it with the pad thai but I did like the flavor, so I decided to eat it with the white rice (not a big white rice fan). It was perfect. I could not believe how well they complemented each other. I would definitely go back. Very nice but on the high end of reasonably priced food.
OMG - this was the most delicious thai food I had in a long time!!! A must go for anyone looking to eat thai. Although the neighborhood seems off and there's only 1 waitress to take orders, clean tables, serve water, etc. - the food is the best part!!
I have had the pleasure of eating at Sweet Basil twice now. Both times the service was excellent and the food was delicious. The staff here is truly one of the nicest and friendliest I've ever encountered. They are very informative about the menu and willing to answer any questions you may have. The food is delicious -- if you are a crab rangoon fan, you must try theirs -- absolutely the best I've had. Pad thai is also excellent. The restaurant itself is small but tastefully decorated and extremely clean and well-kept. I think this restaurant is a huge plus for the Delaware Ave. neighborhood and I hope to see them there for a long time. If you're in the mood to try something new, or if you're already a fan of Thai food, I would highly recommend Sweet Basil and urge you to give it a try!
Wow, how obnoxious can someone be to not only knock a decent hard working restaurant, but also an entire region of people, in multiple posts no less?  That's just not nice.  Sweet Basil deserves a nod for their extensive and creative menu at reasonable prices.  Yum!
Just opened up ...and I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in. Its small, but very nicely decorated with very pleasant music playing int he background. Glass table tops, with a nicely decorated arrangements, and outside porch seating as well. We were promptly greeted from a nice hostess / waitress with a friendly smile who was nicely dressed in a uniform ... definitely a nice treat on Delaware Ave. We ordered the duck salad and the green curry with vegetables. Both were absolutely delicious with a nice portion without over doing it and a little room for desert. We shared the Thai sticky custard rice....it was my first time having such a desert and it was subtle and delicious. I highly recommend  stopping by and giving it a try.....
A wonderful addition to Delaware Avenue. Excellent food, cozy space.  A short walk from my house, so I expect to be here often. Please try it -- you will like it!
Fabulous! We enjoyed food here. Love the crab cake, Tom Yum & summer rolls! Red snapper & Andaman curry was amazing!
This place is excellent for thai food. A bit tiny but feels cozy so kinda nice. The food is great and not very expensive. Went here on a tuesday evening for dinner with a couple of friends, we tried the shrimp tempura, the spring roll, the yellow curry and the fried rice. All of them were well made and very tasty. The fried ice-cream was great too. Will definitely repeat.
We were really excited to try Sweet Basil as it is only a 5 minute walk up our street. We got there and were greeted by the woman who runs the front of the house. We were quickly seated and given water. She then took our order and after about 5 minutes came back and asked if we were ready to order. We had to remind her we had already put in our order. The food came out pretty quick and smelled delicious. My husband ordered the Massaman Curry....delicious!!! And I ordered the pad thai. I was very impressed with the Massaman curry but I thought the pad thai fell short. I had asked for 3 on the spicy level and the dish came out with a little bowl of dry spices next to it. I asked if this was how it was served and was told they do not mix spices in, you do it yourself. I personally like when dishes are cooked with the spices so that was a bummer. They also do not mix in the peanuts of bean sprouts..you get a little bowl of each of those as well. The next time we had Sweet Basil, we put in a carry out order. When we arrived the woman who runs the front of the house, brought out our food set it on the counter then ran over to people who walked in. She came back and we realized our thai iced teas were not there. SO she ran back, put the tea in coffee cups then proceeded to put those cups in a plastic grocery bag....the tea spilled everywhere. She ran back, got more then gave them to us and we asked if there was a drink holder. All of a sudden she disappears under the counter then stands up with duct tape over the cups. We thought at that point we were ready to pay and get out of there. Wrong....she ran over to a table and took their order while we stood at the check out desk waiting for her. All in all, the food was ok and reasonably priced. Not my favorite Thai place in town, but would probably go back. It seems a little disorganized, they could definitely benefit from hiring one more person to help out in the front.
We visited Sweet Basil for the first time last night and we loved it! We'll definitely be going back. Ordered the Thai spring rolls for our appetizer and they were hot and delicious. We also had the green curry and the Massaman curry, and we tried the noodles and rice. Both curries were delicious and the rice was amazing! The noodles were okay but we really loved the rice. It was a great experience and great price for all the food we got. Their dinner portions are very generous!
Forget about Blue Spice, Bangkok Bistro. This is hands-down the BEST Thai Food in the Capital Region!! Decor of the restaurant is simple but elegant and comfy. Very friendly staff too.
This restaurant is amazing! The food is delicious!! The waitress is so nice!!
It was very nice relaxing music and beautiful cozy place.  The waitress was very kind, nice, and always smiling. The Food tasted great and hot. I will come back again!!
A friend of mine is lucky enough to live within walking distance of this lovely little restaurant.  It's an ideal place for lunch. Although it's small, there was plenty of room for a Friday lunch crowd.  Although I only ordered very standard fare (basic red curry with chicken), I was pleased.  Surprisingly, the dish had more chicken than vegetables, although the chicken was tender and cooked just right.  The vegetables were nice and crisp, and the sauce was flavorful.  As others have said, it was on the mild side, but it had a noticeable little kick to it, and I appreciated that it did not overpower the flavor of the vegetables and chicken.  Even such a simple dish was beautifully plated. The portion was on the light side, but that is fine with me because I would much rather have a tasty, well prepared dish than a heap of forgettable food on my plate.  This restaurant also wins points for ambiance -- very clean and filled with light, with subtle and tasteful decorating.
This was a phenomenal find, after many hours of travel in the car. I cannot express enough how wonderful, fresh and authentic the food is at this restaurant. You would be hard pressed to find better Thai food ANYWHERE! Both the service and atmosphere were excellent! Hope to be back again, the next time I'm passing through Albany.
This is the best Thai food in Capital region.  The service is tops.  It is a very small place so on the busy dining out nights, I can only imagine that the wait for a table would be long.  All of the dishes were top notch.  Spouse ordered Duck.  She loves Duck and she really loved this one.  Pad Thai was very good.  Spouse loves her asian soup and she LOVED the Tom Yum soup.  This is a great place.  I look forward to the day when they move to a larger dining room.  But don't change anything else.
Best Thai food I've found in Albany so far. Prices are high. No delivery.
Moved to Albany from New York City and have been looking for a good Thai place. I have tried a few others in the region but Sweet Basil has been the best so far. My fiance had the pad thai and I had the drunken noodles both were great. We both had chicken, and it tasted very fresh. It's a small place so if you want to eat here make a reservation.
Finding great Thai food after I left DC seems to be my personal Moby Dick - always just within reach, but then.... crushing disappointment. Sweet Basil is another chapter in this saga. While I really really wanted to like this place - the cozy atmosphere and comprehensive menu were promising - it was just another average Thai restaurant. We tried the green curry, fish curry, pad thai and the basil chicken. All just mundanely average. I was really disappointed with the use of baby carrots instead of chopped whole carrots. They just don't taste the same; an unfortunate short cut. The pad thai was soggy and overly sweet, and the basil chicken - ordered spicy - was simply not. Because of the cute atmosphere and the large menu, I will give it one more try - maybe the Masaman as folks recommend? - with severely decreased expectations. And maybe they will use fresher veges as they come into season? One can hope. But not the whale of a place I was seeking - the quest continues!
Food and service were both excellent. Just what Delaware Ave needed!! Went the first Thursday in September and of course ate outside on the porch (Sit outside whenever you can!!). Very quaint place, and the food is definitely worth the price. Would go back any day.
