Einstein's Bagels And Why They Apparently Think I'm An Illiterate Putz. I have my Einstein's cup, my cup about to be filled with free coffee, in my hand. Coffee. Bagel. Salty salty fish. But first, the bathroom. On my way in, I see the community board. The last time, there was barely anything on it. An announcement or two. And it was neat. Not now. The fact that I can barely hold it (and why didn't I go at the gym? Oh, yes, I was hungry and my blood sugar was dropping) doesn't keep me from staring at the board and noting that most of the things on it are not supposed to be there, according to the big old sign smack in the upper-middle of it all. OK. Bathroom. Then I can talk to the fellow at the register as I order my bagel and coffee. Back out. No line. Here I am. "May I take your order?" "I'd like a salt bagel please. Toasted, and coffee." "Anything else?" I look at his name tag. He is the manager. Perfect. "No thanks. But I wanted to mention that there is a lot of stuff on the community board that doesn't adhere to the guidelines." He looks at me as though I had said, instead, "Excuse me, but there is a dead body in the bathroom and your mom is standing over it with a knife. Oh, and he's not got pants on." Slowly, with a great deal of emphasis on the last word. "What sort of things?" "Lots of business cards. And political advertising for candidates. I saw that the sign said no advertising and no political campaigning." "I'm offended!" He says this as though I had said he mom hadn't any pants on either. And I am quite well confused. I can't imagine how I could have offended him. "I'm confused. You're offended? By the political advertising?" "No, by you. Everything up there has been approved by management." "So, you're offended? I really can't imagine how I offended you." "Well, you did. I'm very offended." I'm not going to win this one, so I might as well have at it. "Well, you must be incredibly easily offended. Exactly what offended you?" "Your suggestion that we did not follow the rules on the community board." "That offended you? My, you ARE easily offended. It says clearly no advertising. And no political campaigns." "That campaign is a non-partisan race.  And those business cards and advertisements are not for food. It only appIMAG3762lies if it is for food that competes with us." "Come with me, please." I gave him a follow-me index finger and walked over to the board about four feet away, the order area being at the end of the long counter and just before the short hallway to the bathrooms, halfway down, on the right side off which is the community board. I point out the sign. "No advertising. It does not qualify that in any way. This is full of advertising. No political campaigns. It doesn't say unless it is a non-partisan race."IMAG3763 "Well, it means that though. That's what it means. You know, you could have just asked if you wanted your cards there." I cocked my head to the side. The way a puppy does when he's confused. I find myself doing that quite a bit. "Now I am offended" It is his turn to look confused. "You are telling me" (and I step very slightly closer to him) "that I am either illiterate or I am a putz!" I take care to pop my P like I'm trying to explode a microphone. "I would not ask to put up a card because this clearly states no advertising. If I did ask, that would make me illiterate. If I wasn't illiterate and I asked anyway, I would be assuming you would break the rule just for me and that would make me a putz. So which is it? Am I illiterate or am I a putz? Which one are you accusing me of?" I walk back to the counter. He follows. Each of us on our proper side. Grimly, he looks at me and asks, "Did you want anything on your bagel?" "I'm not handing you any money! I won't give money to a place that can't even follow its own rules and has an illiterate manager. And NOW you can be offended, because that one I meant!' I walked out. To the car. I get my phone. I walk back in, camera on. He follows me. "I really can't let you take pictures of this store." "Really? People take pictures when they check in on Facebook. There are pictures on Yelp. On your own Facebook page, people upload pictures. And how are you going to stop me?  Afraid some other corporation is going to copy your community board?" I take one picture. "Besides, how else will I spread this great story all over social media without a picture?" I take a close-up of the sign. I smile and walk out. adamtritt.com/2014/01/24…
I like the nice variety of Bagel Sandwiches that they have here.  They open at 5:00AM during the week so I can stop by on the way to work.  I also love their Turkey Club Panini on the lunch menu.
When I heard we were getting an Einsteins I was super excited. I'm from Miami and they were everywhere down there. I was mostly excited because I wanted to get a bagel and lox. That is my favourite breakfast, and one that is surprisingly hard to find up here in Melbourne. I've been twice now and I can say I probably won't go back. The staff is friendly and helpful but they hardly put any lox on my bagel! When I get a bagel and lox I want enough lox to at least cover the top of my bagel. Which may take 2 pieces tops. Instead I get one sliver it lox in each half of my bagel. I spent 7 bucks for that?! I could easily drive a little farther to  sun shoppe in dt Melbourne and get a proper bagel and lox, one that is worth my money. I'm so very disappointed.
Employees were super friendly, had more than enough bagels (some places run out of my favorites) and the coffee was made perfectly.  I also ordered the lox on an everything bagel which was yummy.  Wish it wasn't a chain but I'll take what I can get this close to home.  Good stuff either way!
I wanted to like this place, and I would have given it a 4, but I didn't like the bagels and isn't that what this place should be about.   I have the turkey sausage sante fe sandwich, maybe not the best choice, but the asiago bagel, was kind of soft.  The sandwich was okay.  But,  I'm used to a bagel with a harder crust on the outside.  My wife had an everything bagel with the Nova Scotia Salmon.  The bagel had alot of corn flour on the bottom (I guess keeping them from sticking together), whatever the reason, it was okay.  The salmon was good, capers were on the cream cheese, which keeps them from falling off good move, but the red onion was cut too think.  A couple of rings about 1/4 in.  I like them thinly sliced.  I think it makes a better sandwich and it saves the restaurant some money.  Win-Win, I think, if you prefer the onions that way.  I just hate to bite into a thick piece of onion, but to each his or her own.   Coffee was okay, many varieties to choose from and you just get the cup and fill it with whatever you want.  I liked that myself. I will go back to this restaurant and keep trying the bagels.  They were ok and coupled with all the variety, this place was something that you should try.  Outdoor seating is fun on a cool day!
First visit went really well. My girlfriend and I both got sandwiches and a drink. She got the turkey bacon avocado lunch sandwich. It was great. The right amount of meat and an extremely delicious sauce. Her drink was their iced chai latte. As delicious as it was, we both felt that it had too much cinnamon. My food, the spinach mushroom & Swiss on "six cheese" bread, was delicious as well. Thin layers of folded egg with spinach and mushroom. The sandwich, to me, needed more salt. But I'm a salt addict so I'll take it as well seasoned. They didn't have any hot sauce, which was disappointing. But I suppose that hot sauce with breakfast isn't a northern thing as I imagine this is a company from up north. Lastly, I had their bottomless coffee, from the ones I've tried, it's quality coffee and just the right pick me up I needed in the afternoon. Definitely returning.
I got hooked on Einsteins when I was commuting to Orlando for school. When news broke that they would be opening a location in my back yard I was rather excited. I've been to this location several times now and each visit has been in the morning -- before 7:30 and on my way to work. It hasn't been overly busy, employees are always friendly, my food is always fresh and just how I order it. I am a big fan of their bagels (all of them) and the bagel sandwiches. Truthfully, I don't have a lot to say about Einstein Bros except how great I think they are. If you haven't been, then I encourage you to find your nearest location. Also, there is plenty of seating and tables with outlets if you need a place to plug in and drink a cup of coffee for a while. I am especially fond of this.
