First time I've tried Thai Thai. There were four of us for lunch. We ordered from the lunch menu, I had red curry Thai hot ) two others ordered the ginger stir fry, one with shrimp and one beef and our fourth one ordered tofu stir fry. The order included a tasty fried spring roll and soup of the day which was egg drop that seemed to have the egg and the soup quantities reversed, heavy on the egg. Never the less it was quite tasty and we enjoyed its uniqueness! Our lady server was very attentive, frequently filling our water glasses and making sure everything was good. All in all a very nice lunch, no complaints. One critique though! While I have no problems with Japanese cuisine I was puzzled by their menu that appeared to be 75% Japanese dishes in a restaurant that has a name proffering Thai cuisine.
Very limited seating which becomes apparent during the busier dinner hours. Food selection and prices are OK but nothing really stands out. Service was friendly and attentive. It's a decent place by Palm Bay standards, but that's not exactly saying much.
My goals were limited. I was a business traveler passing through West Melbourne (I-95, Exit 176) in a rush to eat something quickly (but on the healthier side). I contemplated going to one of the fast casual restaurants in the area for the promise of a quick and not terribly unhealthy meal, but saw Thai Thai House not too far away and decided to take a chance. Far from disappointing, it exceeded my expectations. The restaurant appeared fairly crowded for a Monday night, but the wait staff seemed to handle it well. The service was friendly and quick. The speed of the service did not come at the expense of quality of the food. I ordered the vegetable roll and the shrimp tempura roll, both of which were fresh and good. The ambiance was nice, too. I was in and out in a little more than half an hour, which compared favorably to how long I would have been at a nearby fast casual restaurant. I am glad I tried Thai Thai House, and strongly recommend it.
The lunch special is very much perfect for one with good quantity, we tried 2 dishes one is veggie fried rice with egg, it was perfect, the egg not overlooked, nd it smelled right, we got a red curry, the portion is so much that I had to pack it to go. The service is fast nd people are friendly. Forgot to take a pic as I was dam hungry..
We arrived and were sat promptly. I ordered the Thai Fresh Spring rolls and asked for Chicken and Shrimp. The server said, we don't put chicken in them. I asked if she could and she said no. What??? I asked if they were made fresh and she said yes. I let it go. I also ordered the Pad Thai no peanut with shrimp and chicken.  I was NOT asked what level of spiciness I preferred, which to me is common in a Thai restaurant. I let that go to. The fresh rolls arrived accompanied by hoisin sauce and a vinegar sauce. The rolls (2) were cut into 4 pieces. The rolls are stuffed heavily with carrots. They were not filled with much flavor, though they were ok. Nothing special. The Pad Thai arrived. The dish was thick and the noodles under cooked. The flavor was a bit too sweet and the shrimp and chicken were tough. I requested the spice rack to "spice up" the dish. It wasn't horrible, but it is nothing like Mai Thai in Brandon.  Overall a mediocre meal. We waited and waited for our server to bring our check. No luck so we went to the register to get it.
Atmosphere is great, food is off.  When you advertise yourself as a Thai restaurant when you only serve good sushi, there's a problem.  I don't know how up to date you are on your eastern cultures but sushi is Japanese.  I know how much the locals love sushi so it's a smart choice to serve it,but really, your thai food is awful.  Change your name or make your thai food better.
Love love love their sushi, best in Melbourne! Clean place and friendly staff. My boyfriend and I always get few rolls and they are usually very good. The volcano is by far our favorite and never disappoints. Miso soup and house salad are yummy as well. The tuna tataki appetizer is our usual. We always go back and forth between the key west roll and a few others with slamon, crab, or eel. There have been certain occasions where the rolls have come out better, but usually very good. Best pick is Melbourne for great food and great prices!
Beautiful restaurant. I ordered carry out. Food was fantastic & fresh. Ready as I came by. Thai tea is to die for!
Great food great ambience!
One of my goto places for the lunch special. Fantastic deals, with no sacrifice of quality or quantity. The sushi is fresh, and their other meals are good as well. Drink availability isn't that great, mostly beer and soda. I think the wine selection is very limited. Seating is limited but can still accommodate a party. I would suggest going during lunch to try the sushi, so you don't break the bank trying the sushi. The dinner prices are decent. All in all I would definitely recommend "this" location.
Food was fresh and delicious. Outside seating could be more comfortable. Don't recommend sitting out on a sunny day with the metal tables and chairs. Chai tea could have been better but food was fresh.
Love this place, favorite spot for Thai in the area. Also have a location in bayside lakes for everybody down south.
Good thai food, reasonable prices. Sushi is good too. Two chefs behind thesmall sushi bar. So the sushi comes out quickly. Like the red curry or padthai when i'm in the mood for thai. Chicken teriaki when in the mood for japanese. Usually in combo platter including some sushi pieces. But always reasonably priced for the area. Good recommendation for casual meal or with a date or family.
I have been here several times and always enjoy the food. Both the sushi as well as the curry are excellent. I have had other menu items and enjoyed them as well. The Thai tea is great. The service can be poor though. It is very hit or miss in my experience. The food never has but the service does sometimes. I would give them 5 starts if the service was better. Still the food keeps me coming back!
Just left out of this restaurant after waiting 10 minutes for a drink order. The place wasn't even busy at all, and the waiter is busy cleaning tables when I'm sitting there obviously ready to order. I've been a server and I'm sorry but I don't care how good the food tastes because first impressions are everything. I will never return to this restaurant. To the owner: I'm sure you read these reviews. Please for the sake of good business, pay attention to the customer first. There are too many other choices of places to eat to bargain with core business ethic. Too bad too. I live close and would have been a frequent customer, not to mention I tip awesome given the slightest satisfaction.
Good Thai food and sushi !! The lunch menu is great value !! Overall its a great inexpensive experience :)
The service was fast and friendly. Food was delicious. We had the shrimp panang curry, the JB roll and the California roll. Atmosphere is nice, with outdoor seating for when it cools off. They also have one of the most beautiful fish tank I've ever seen. All around good experience, definitely coming back.
The food here is very good some items are much better than others. The menu can be confusing at times because it is two in one Japanese and Thai pulse the lunch menu is in there too.
My review is hard to really say....  Let's start with the service, which is probably why the ratings are so low. When you walk in the room splits with a glass partition, looks like they once had fish perhaps, (this needs to be fixed, as it looks very un-pleasing to the eyes). We sat there for about 3-4 minutes and decided to sit closer to the front since no one was coming to even give us menus. Once we sat, I grabbed my own menus, because still no service. The young man at the counter was doing stuff, but didn't even acknowledged us until I waved him down. We finally got served water and when went to ask about the lunch menu, realized we were too late, We might had made it on time if we would have gotten attended when we first walked in. I opted to get the same dish either way, the hosomaki combo - Bagel roll, California roll and Tekka roll, I asked if they can make the Tekka/Tuna roll into a spicy tuna roll and he said yes, but for an additional $2.00, that's fine.... When my dish came out, the first thought was, "Wow this is more than I thought", second thought "this was worth the wait". We only had the sushi (not a thai dish) which was actually very fresh and large quantity which I LOVED. The rice was fresh, but so fresh it made the sushi a little warm which I didn't like. My mom got the rainbow roll and bagel roll which was also plenty of food and also a little warm from the rice (but still very fresh). If I am every in Palm Bay, I might stop in again, but I will say that Ill think twice about it just because the service really sucked. The place was not packed to not get good service. The food however, I will say compensates for the lack of service.
I liked this place !!! I went with my mom and got her some thai and sushi for the first time and it went great, our server was sooo nice we got a shrimp tempura maki ,pad thai and green curry. It was allll very good, we sat on the patio with the great weather hade some sake it was a over all good time !
Haven't eaten at the restaurant yet, but got take out sushi rolls when I was in the shopping plaza. Looks like a pretty small space. The sushi was good, comparable to the Thai Thai beachside. Service was friendly, and they made my sushi quickly. Seemed like it could probably get pretty busy/noisy in here with the small space.
Thai Thai has always been quality sushi and thai food, but this new location is horrible.  The interior is small and barren with no separation of tables (you'll hear everybody's conversations).  They placed a few tables in the skinny hallway area back to the bathrooms, which is where we had to sit.  You'll get to see the glow of fluorescent from the kitchen and people passing by you to use the restrooms.  There's a small outdoor patio that overlooks a street and the next building (which is identical since it's a strip mall).
Food is always fresh. By far my fav dish is the beef fried rice. Miso soup is delish! At times, the place can seem a little crowded, but they are expanding and it's worth the wait.
Great portions. Really authentic Thai food. I mean.... You can get nampla with your noodles. That's legit right there. Even the sushi and the combos always leaving you full at the end of your meal
Quick, good food. The sushi bar was well maintained and the rolls are big and cheap. I had the Thai garlic chicken. It was good. The wait staff was very attentive too.
Because my favorite place is closed on Sundays and I was craving sushi, I visited Thai Thai House for carry-out. The service wasn't that great, not very pleasant. It is a small location so there's no place to sit and wait for carry-out. The food wasn't bad but not the best either.  Ordered an eel roll that didn't come with any sauce, which was disappointing. I wanted veggie tempura, I didn't see it on the menu but they made it for me when I asked. I'd go here in a pinch for sushi or back to try their other non-sushi items.
We chose this restaurant because of some good reviews that we read upon it and it was a complete FAIL:(. The service was horrible.....the waitress was never took forever to attend to us and when she finally did to take our drink orders it took another while. The food itself was not what we expected. At least we tried it and now know that we will NEVER return to this restaurant again.
Food is delicious, I mean really good, but the service is just terrible. The wait staff has no interest in doing their job and they behaved as if I was bothering them because I asked for a water refill. The waitress was constantly hiding in the back playing with her cell phone. Now I always just get carryout because I hate the service. If it wasnt for the service I would give this 5 stars.
This restaurant has been added to my list of favorite places me and my friends like to meet for lunch. They are located next to Menchies and the Dollar Tree and Five Guys in the Hammock Landings plaza (Palm Bay rd and I95). I noticed on most of these reviews that people complained of the small dining area, but I'm happy to say that they did expand and added a full sized dining area, with a fancy new fish tank divider. The service is still so so, it all depends on who you get, but at least the food is good. I typically have the Pad Thai, but once in a while I have grilled salmon or snapper sushi. The sushi is always fresh as well as the fruit and sides. I'm Jamaican by birth and I prefer spicy food, but for some reason I don't find the Pad Thai chicken as flavorful as the Pad Thai beef or Pork. The place is always clean, and there is Wifi available. The lunch prices are decent, but if you're going there for dinner, prepare to spend some money. At least you'll get your money's worth, the potion sizes are big, even the sushi dishes are good sized, often bringing food home in a doggy bag.  It's well worth a visit, then experience some Menchies next door for dessert.
the food was very good, came back the next day for more!
Had dinner with my wife there last night.  Food is really good but on the pricey side.  For the price range they are in; others places have better atmosphere.  Just something about having a TV in the main eating area is a turn off for me.
