I went to this restaurant for the second time today. I was totally surprised by the experience I had in contrast to my first time here. The lady at the register was extremely rude and could not be bothered with customer service. She got my order wrong and then proceeded to argue with me that I didn't order what I had clearly ordered. She ended up correcting the order but not without a huff and puff. I would like to think that this was just a one time experience and that she was just having a bad day. But the fact that other Asian customers came in and see was extremely friendly to them and went right back to being rude to me. I will probably give this place another try being that my first experience with so much better but it is unacceptable how to treat customers the way she did today.
A fantastic Cantonese restaurant.
Not from NY, but here for business. Got the idea to eat here from all the Yelp reviews and YUM! That is the best Asian food I have ever eaten. I had Beef Satay with Pho Noodles. We also had Spring Rolls as an appetizer. These were definitely homemade!  And the service was awesome! Go eat here - you won't be disappointed.
Not from NY, but here for business. Got the idea to eat here from all the Yelp reviews and YUM! That is the best Asian food I have ever eaten. I had Beef Satay with Pho Noodles. We also had Spring Rolls as an appetizer. These were definitely homemade!  And the service was awesome! Go eat here - you won't be disappointed.
So amazingly good!  What an unexpected find. The food was authentic and absolutely delicious, prepared with love, served with style and genuine warmth by our server.  The proprietors take a lot of pride in the food and the setting, and it absolutely shows in every aspect of the experience. It's personal and friendly, and I could feel the stress of the day evaporating as the server made us feel comfortable and effortlessly made us smile with his friendly banter.  The portions are plentiful, the food is expertly prepared, and the ingredients are obviously fresh and of good quality.  We will be back again soon!
Couldn't believe how authentic the food is here. One of the chefs is from Hong Kong and you can tell the food is made with lots of effort and care. I had the dim sum (rice noodle with beef, pork dumplings, chicken feet, congee) last weekend and I was so happy to find a Cantonese dim sum place in Albany. I had dinner tonight and the Hong Kong style filet (they call it Chinese style filet) exceeded my expectations. Keep up the great food and service. I'll be back!
As far as I know, this is the best Chinese restaurant in the region -- by far. I keep going back to try dishes I'm unfamiliar with, and I'm never disappointed. Everything is good, and some dishes are out of this world.
Mediocre place. I do have higher expectations since I tried many dim sum places before in Boston and NYC. But this may be the best one in the capital region. The place is modern and clean. The food was OK, the ribs were kinda greasy on the dim sum menu. The service was kinda slow. We came about 15 mins before the table next to us, but all of their plates came before us. I would come back here though if I'm in the mood for dim sum.
Food is good and for some reason we think the portion is big  compared to the one we went in NYC. Though I m not a super fan of dimsum but still the small dishes are delicious. WIll definitely stop by again.
This place rocks! I was a little hesitant about coming here because the outside of the restaurant looks a bit shabby. But don't judge a book by its cover. When you walk in you are greeted with a beautiful display of pastries. The interior has been updated with a trendy mix of finishes and fixtures. Our service was perfect. We were lucky enough to have the owners daughter as our waitress. She was very knowledgable about all of the food and had wonderful suggestions. We ordered 4 dim sum that ranged from steamed dumplings to fried beef. All were tasty. My husband, the conservative, orders general tso's chicken and he loved it. We had bean paste pastries for dessert. Everything was very fresh. We will definitely come back. My suggestions: update the exterior. It needs a lot of help! And offer a dessert sampler plate of mini pastries.
My first time trying this place for lunch recently and was very happy with everything! Appetizers to desserts, a must for sure to try!
A truly authentic restaurant serving Hong Kong cuisine has finally arrived in Albany. I've followed them from their first bakery only location on Route 7 in Latham to their two Central Avenue locations, and I'm so happy that they've settled into a place of their own. It is the real deal, serving breakfasts that true Hong Kong people would typically have, such as congee with fried dough sticks, fried turnip cake and buns with all kinds of meat and sweet fillings baked fresh daily, with a glass of Horlick's or Ovaltine. They also have tea and coffee, and a variety of fruit smoothies and pearl tapioca (or bubble/boba) drinks refreshingly perfect for a hot summer day. Lunch consists of weekly specials with familiar entrees and rice, such as beef and broccoli, garlic eggplant or curry chicken, and they also serve a nice selection of dim sum (served from 11-late afternoon or until sold out) It's all really good, from the shrimp dumplings (ha gao), hearty steamed pork dumplings (siu mai), crispy spring rolls, steamed roast pork buns, stuffed eggplant and nicely seasoned Phoenix claws. You can fill out your lunch with a fried noodle (chow fun or chow mein), soup noodle (wonton, roast duck, beef stew) or fried rice dish (yeung chow, Fukien or salted fish and chicken). So much to choose from! Dinner entrees are also nicely portioned and tasty with many options including appetizers, chicken, beef, pork, seafood, clay pot casseroles, tofu and vegetable dishes. My favorites are the chicken steamed in a light gravy with ginger and scallion, very tender and juicy, beef with Chinese water spinach (tung sum choy), lobster with vermicelli in a clay pot, and the steamed tofu stuffed with shrimp. I'll be making many more trips back so I can try everything on the menu. To top it off, they have an on site bakery with a large assortment of Chinese style sweets and desserts, with nothing overly sweet yet rich and satisfying, the way Asians like their cakes and pastries. Special holiday treats such as moon cakes for the Harvest Moon Festival in August and New Years pastries are offered in February. They also specialize in custom cakes for all occasions, and offer catering services. If you have dietary restrictions, let the waiter know and they can adjust dishes accordingly. Also, if you get to know the owners, you can make special requests for dishes and they will surprise you with something very creative. Their new space is very clean and comfortable with a contemporary and casual design. It's a far cry from the take out joints and other sit down Chinese places around Albany that have become old and tired. You will see many Asians and their extended families eating here, a sign that it is truly authentic. It is highly recommended, and will not disappoint! Albany has long needed some real Chinese food, and it has finally arrived.
The baked goods and dim sum are authentic and fill a previously conspicuous vacuum for Albany. A very welcome addition to the culinary scene in the Capital District, a refreshing alternative to the tired, garden variety American style Chinese. If you like Hong Kong style food, the small plates of Dim Sum, then give them a try!
The menu looked like what you might find in a good New York Cantonese Chinatown restaurant. It included dishes that you can't find anywhere else in Albany. The food was fresh, perfectly prepared, and absolutely delicious. And the baked goods made it possible to have a real dessert there too. All in all, this restaurant has no real local competition as far as I'm concerned. It's an absolute winner. And the service was excellent as well.
Not impressed with the dinner menu.  Tripe dish was good but not great. Cuttlefish was served half  frozen. Chewing through ice crystals is not very enjoyable. Will come back for the dim sum to give it a shot.
Been here several times. As a Cantonese restaurant, dim sum is okay but not that good. The baked goods looks good but didn't try.
I came in because of the delayed flight at Albany airport. After I had meal here I realized why it has a very good Yelp review. Reasonable price, good food and friendly staffs. I would recommend it to you.
As having Chinese background, the dim sum here is totally legit.  So pumped that a restaurant with this good dim sum quality opened here in the capital region
I got an adorable pikachu cake for my brothers birthday. The cake was a delicious, lightly sweet, moist, sponge cake with fruit and cream layers, and the frosting was fluffy and not too sweet. The pastries and buns in the front are also delicious (except the Napoleon which I personally didn't like). I never ate at the restaurant part, but I definitely want to see how it is!
I only ever get pearl drinks here, but they are amazing! So happy to find a place in capital district that lives up to my silicon valley cultivated bubble tea snobbery. I recommend the green milk tea, honeydew and mango!
Pretty good food, certainly a more authentic Chinese place than some are used to. I had  steamed pork buns which were very flavorful and good as well as a tasty Szechuan style pork chop with a really nice tangy sauce.
Delicious especially considering the chain restaurants surrounding it. Delicious dim sum and I had a fantastic spicy sautéed green bean dish. So grateful this was here.
Probably the best Dim Sum you can get around here, delicious food, great service. I was able to get 40 servings of Dim Sum for a work party in 30 min, while I was having lunch. Can't beat that! Try the Baked Honey Roast Pork Bun
I went here yesterday for the very first time and it was delicious. I'm a huge fan of dim sum and hard to find good authentic dim sum here in the capital region. This dim sum here is by far the best I have ever had. I ordered a green tea bubble tea. Best bubble tea ever....much better then Lemon Drop's and also better then Colonie Center's bubble tea as well. For my main meal, I wasn't sure the portion sizes, but I ordered pan seared pork buns, roasted duck dumplings, and veggie dumplings. For the pork buns you get three, and other dumplings come in a set of four. They come served in bamboo baskets...so cute....and they were very fresh and delicious. The service is also very good here, very nice and friendly. It's amazing I have only been here once, but I will continue to come back. My only compliant is the place is hard to get into (the location).
Had family dinner here while visiting Lake George.  We were craving Chinese and landed here after reading Yelp reviews.  Service was great.  Dishes were served very quickly -- fresh & hot!  There were 9 of us and we ordered:  Beef Chow Fun, Fried Rice, Jumbo Shrimp w/Honey Walnuts, Filet Steak w/Chinese Broccolli, Peking Style Pork Chop, Salt & Pepper Spare Ribs, a chicken dish and a vegetable dish.  Everything was sooooooooo good. We were so impressed that we came back the next morning for dim sum, which was also fresh and very good.  Although, a little pricey but that's probably because there's no other place around that serves good dim sum. Will definitely come here again during our next visit to Albany or Lake George. (The only caveat I have is the per person charge for tea.... just order water!)
Glad we found this place on our way to visit friends. This is a hard place to find, but well worth finding. We may have missed dim sum but the main course food is worth the visit. We split two dishes: beef chow fun and the seafood with eggplant casserole. Both dishes tasted so good and reminded me of the dishes I ate growing up in NYC in Chinatown. The beef chow fun was perfect, noodles were cooked well with marinated beef and scallions. The seafood with eggplant casserole was outstanding with a bowl of perfectly cooked rice. The Chinese eggplant was soft and oh so good with a good variety of seafood. I enjoyed the red bean bubble tea because it wasn't too sweet. We finished with dan tat (egg custard) and light and sweet it tasted with a great tart crust. The server was very nice to us throughout. The baked goods reminded me of my hometown Chinese bakery. I hope to stop by here again and try the dim sum. Worth trying if you're looking for a non-chain restaurant in Albany.
This place is the closes you can get to authentic dim sum in the capital region area. The food is very good so is the service. They make their dim sum fresh! That's a plus. The only thing I'm not a fan of is the pastry that they sell there. I would totally recommend this place.
My husband and I ate there for lunch.  After living in Albany for 4 years we never thought to eat at this restaurant until today.  We usually eat at PF Changs across the street at Colony Center.  Good bye PF Changs.  Hello my new best Chinese restaurant.  We ordered pork buns baked and steamed--delicious.  General Tsos chicken, beef chow fun and sauteed vegetables and won ton soup.  Everything was wonderful and FRESH.  We are from San Francisco and the food reminded us of ur favorite place in China Town. The won ton soup was clean, non-oily and  perfectly seasoned.  The dim sum is cooked to order.  Everything arrives to your table piping hot.  The staff was very friendly.  It's a small place.  Nondescript looking from the highway, but the food was worth every cent.  We brought a lot home for dinner.
One of the Best place I say..... I ate Chinese in different places but this one beats others..... We ordered sheredded duck with rice noodles n chicken fried rice there were amazing.... I can actually taste the flavors it was right amount..... I give 5 stars...
Finally!!! Something authentic in upstate NY! Come with friends to fill the table and share dishes because those are the perfect excuses to taste the entire menu. And of course grab some dessert, even if it has to be to go because you've stuffed yourself silly.
Authentic, and frankly better than Americanized Chinese.  Our waiter helped us navigate the menu for something we would like.  Roast duck noodle with noodles of our choice was awesome,  & healthy.  Branch out and try something a bit different here, it's one of the few places where you can.  Pastries looked great.
Wow. The best Chinese food I have ever had. Everything was so fresh and flavorful. Granted there were only a few other tables at the time, but the staff was extremely attentive and our food came out quick. We got the Szechuan shrimp and beef chow fun. Both were delicious but am looking forward to trying something different as well as the dim sum next time!
I don't do dim sum that much but I dig Chinese food ... And not American Chinese food.  Although I like general tso. I'm glad he didn't invade this spot.  The food is authentic dim sum and I are things I never had before like these rice rolls stuffed with shrimp.  Holy shit and the dumplings were great too. Go here and eat
I went for dinner, as the other Chinese food restaurant we wanted to eat at was closed. I didn't expect for dim sum in the evening, but I expected to eat better noodles. I may be just spoiled for eating all sorts of good Chinese food in NYC. The noodles were huge amount (may be 2 servings) in bland soup. Baked stuff were also tasted old. I haven't try their dim sum, but I don't recommend their noodle soup and baked stuff.
Maybe I should grade on a relative standard, but it's kind of hard to. This place is pretty good overall. Good small eats and decent pastries. It's sort of in a hard-to-reach place in that the traffic pattern into the parking lot is a little trouble, but it is in an area with a lot of traffic. That being said, you probably want to hear about the food. The soup noodles were pretty good, and they had a good fried calamari dish. Additionally, the Thai tea I got at the end was actually one of the better Thai teas that I had had in quite a while. All in all, it's good, not great, I suppose one of the finer small eats Chinese places in the area, but that's probably also not saying a whole lot. Still, if you're looking for a quick bite of good Chinese food in the area, I suppose you could do worse.
Was disappointed that they didn't serve Dim Sum at dinner. Was looking forward to trying it. We both got Beef Chow Fun with gravy. It wasn't bad, but was nothing to rave about. A lot of noodles, little veggies and beef. Friendly service, but saw the owner yell at an employee twice. Once while he was at our table. Going to try coming back for lunch for the Dim Sum.
What a find.  I don't get to Albany as much as I use to when I lived across the river.  This had to be some of the best dim sum I've had in a long time.  I actually haven't had good dim sum since living in Hong Kong.  The service was quick, the food hot and fresh, and to top it off, a great desert list.  When was the last time a Chinese restaurant had a good desert list?  I'll be back!
Hong Kong Bakery's dim sum rocks! There are a few misses, but also a few huge gains (like the freshly made rice rolls - this is the only place in the area that makes fresh rice rolls, and they make them PERFECTLY). Okay, so first things first - no carts or cart ladies for dim sum. Everything is ordered ala carte. Some items are freshly made to order (like the rice rolls) and some are not (sesame or lotus paste balls and occasionally the taro puffs (depending on the timing)). But overall it's some of the best dim sum and selection in the area. Their dinner menu is also full of Hong Kong/Canto hits. Beef chow fun is usually a solid dish. Good veggies and seafood, too. It's great for a quick meal by yourself, or a large meal with friends/family. It's definitely got a bistro vibe going on - the decor is a bit intimate/trendy, but it's still very kid-friendly. Weekends around dim sum time can be busy, so be prepared to wait.
I was lucky to find this place. I haven't had pork buns in over twenty years. It brings back memories of getting off work in Chinatown to get a snack on the way home.
Valentines Day seemed like a nice time to try Dim Sum for a late lunch.  Hong Kong Bakery and Bistro serves dim sum daily until 5 pm.  Since their dim sum is made to order we anticipated it would be fresh and the pace would be laid back and relaxing.   We arrived about 3:30 pm when only one other table was occupied and were promptly greeted, seated, and provided multiple menus, and a pot of tea.  It's generally understood that dim sum is best when eaten while sharing with a number of other people.  Since there generally seems to be three or four pieces in each order, this approach allows diners to order a larger variety of dishes while still being able to sample one piece in each dish.  With just the two of us, we were obviously going to have to limit our choices less we go into overload mode. The Dim Sum menu has approximately 40 items, each one identified by a size code: S/Small $2.75 M/Medium $3.75 L/Large $4.75 E/Extra Large $5.75 The size designation is not necessarily an indication of the portion size of the serving but rather a methodology for pricing. Our Valentine's lunch choices were: Steamed Shrimp Dumpling (L - 3 pieces) Pork Siu Mai (M - 4 pieces) Steamed Rice Roll with Shrimp (L - 3 pieces) Baked Honey Roast Pork Bun (M - 3 pieces) Deep-Fried Taro Dumpling (M - 3 pieces) While our very pleasant server indicated it would be about 15 to 20 minutes for our food to be prepared, I was surprised when the first two items to be served came to the table in less than 5 minutes.  I believe these two items must have already been prepared and simply needed to be heated.  They were the Taro Dumplings and the Roast Pork Bun.  The taro dumpling's outer shell is the part that is made from boiled and mashed taro - its inner filling is pork.  The dumpling was only slightly warm, but being a deep-fried item it did not taste greasy and had a nice combination of texture and flavor. The Roast Pork bun was not as heavy in texture as you might initially expect.  The honey sweetness was apparent while not turning the bun into a dessert item.  The bun top had risen significantly leaving a large cavity inside for a minimal amount of pork that was flavorful and not filling. By the time we finished our first two items our server was bringing the Steamed Rice Rolls with Shrimp.  This was a dish that my wife had enjoyed in the past, but had not had in many years.  Her recollection was that the rolls were very slippery and almost impossible to pick up with chop sticks.  While she played with her roll and chop sticks I attacked mine with a fork to enjoy it immediately.  Since both of us enjoyed this dish equally, we split the third roll and I noticed that she switched to her fork. The Steamed Shrimp dumplings are not slippery like the rolls.  Their shape is similar to Xiao Long Bao, but without the soup inside, and packed with chopped shrimp.  They were served in the traditional bamboo steaming basket with a side-saucer of a soy based sauce.  Our server warned us that they were quite temperature hot.  Again, a very nice texture and a good amount of shrimp flavor.  My wife is back to using her chop sticks again. Our final dish served was the Pork Siu Mai.  Before I forget, my compliments to our server who timed the pace of scheduling and delivering our dishes so that each one was served hot just as we were finishing the previous dish.  There's something special about eating siu mai that is made fresh and not defrosted like you might have at home.  It was a nice finish to our dim sum. But Valentine's Day needs something sweet to finish so I ordered the Mango Mousse.  It was not what I expected.  It was a piece of a multi-layered white cake with mango mousse filling.  I thought the mousse had a slight gelatinous texture, but it was nicely decorated on top with a shaving of white chocolate and a honey dew melon ball. We'll return for dim sum to try some different dishes.
Not your average chinese joint that opens in the old rundown Dennys. First time visiting,  had the Shenzhen chicken with chili, white rice , and hot and sour soup. Lunch special $7.99 Hot and sour soup was the spiciest I have ever had,  but very good. WARNING the shenzhen chicken is hot as hell. I eat spicy food but this had my nose running and eyes watering halfway through. However it was outstanding! Overall one of the best chinese meals I have ever had. Give it a try.
Authentic Chinese food! Great ambiance and service! My boyfriend and I go here all the time. Only once was the food not up to par. We love the honey roast pork, roast duck, and Jumbo Shrimp with Honey Glazed Walnuts. I have never tasted better versions of these dishes anywhere else. The dimsum is good but not great. The egg custard and sesame balls are also good. The waiter here is very funny and accommodating without being overbearing. They also serve large portions so don't be afraid of the cost! I recommend this place for anyone seeking great food and service!
Absolutely love it.   The bakery is one of the kind, reminding me the good times in Hong Kong.
This little spot occupies what has been home to a number of failed Asian restaurants.   I suspect this one will survive.  We stopped in just before noon on a Sunday, driving up to Vermont. We will make a point of stopping in every time we make the trip. The dim sum was excellent. It started with a wonderfully flavorful taro turnover (perhaps a bit less than hot, but simply delicious). This was followed by rice rolls, deep fried shrimp dumplings with mayo, and spring rolls.  (No Worcestershire sauce was delivered and we didn't ask for it.)  The two deep fried items were as good as I've ever had, crispy but not greasy, somehow delicate but very flavorful.  Finally, the steamed dumplings arrived.  A pleasant surprise was the availability of roast duck filling (for rice rolls too).  Absolutely delicious. The duck dumpling tasted like Beijing duck inside a steamed dumpling. Wow! The service was fast, efficient and pleasant. Our waiter, Al, joked and smiled a lot.  (When I asked for chili oil he noted that I like hot things, but he could see that already--meaning my wife.  Subtle enough and delivered as a compliment, not a flirt. I get the feeling that he smiles like this at home too. It seemed very genuine and not at all annoying or over the top. Great food and service, reasonable prices.  Atmosphere nothing to write home about but clean and just fine. This place is a gem!
Was great the crispy rice roll and honey pork buns are awesome l. I highly suggest checking this place out. Staff is also very friendly and adventive.
Really really good!  Actually better than that. The food was great. It really hit the spot on a cold winter's night. But the staff were the friendliest and most helpful I have ever encountered. Go there for the excellent food but stay for the great people!
When this place exists WHY would anyone go to PF Changs across the street? Oh my, so good. I am here traveling on business or I would LIVE here and become very fat.
Tonight I had a very poor experience at Orange Mango on Central Ave and so I was looking at nearby options for some food to take home to the family.  I decided to try Hong Kong Bakery - as one of my coworkers had recommended it several weeks ago. The menu seemed simple enough.  We actually decided to sit down and eat instead of take out.  I had a Tarot Bubble Tea.  This was really really good.  In the past I had only tried a few bubble teas (one in a fro yo place in Xgates mall that was OK .  and the a few other times in random places outside of Albany).  This was, by far, the best bubble tea I have had to date. We ordered Fried Pork Wontons with sweet and sour sauce for an appetizer.  These were also very good.  Nice fresh crunch wonton wrappers - fried to perfection. And the sweet and sour sauce . . THE SAUCE was really good.   We also ordered a beef fried rice (Loved THIS), General Tsao (What can I say, we are white lol), and jumbo shrimp with snow peas. Note:  We threw in the rice at the last minute because we learned that rice does not come with any dishes.  Not even white rice. It's extra Great Fried Rice The General Chicken was fresh, crispy and all white meat.  Tasted great too The Jumbo shrimp were good size and def tasted like wild shrimp instead of farm raised (bonus points for that).   Although a bit pricey ($60 for 2 people to eat), the food was good.  The customer service was very good.  Polite, attentive and we needed nothing.  $60 is well spent when you hit the mark! We will be back
3.5 Stars for this location. We were in the area and i just so happened to remember about them opening a new place. I was excited to try them and missed the turn into the parking lot due to unclear signage. After the hassle of making our way back I found the parking lot to be quite dead for dinner time. There was only one other table inside. I do not think they are visible enough. There other location at the Asian market on Central has been my go to place for the b.b.q. meats i.e. pork, duck, chicken. I decided upon trying some other dishes for my first visit. We sampled there sliced pork noodle soup with dumplings. The broth had a great mouth feel and was very tasty. I had not had this dish in quite some time. Braised bean curd with mushrooms and snow peas was next. It was just OK nothing too exciting, I guess I was expecting a stronger flavor similar to a dish I have had at Ala Shanghai. Lastly we had Szechuan style spicy shrimp. This was good but a bit lacking in seasoning. The waiter we had was great he was very polite and joked around with us. The atmosphere was good it looked very nice inside. One gripe would be the booth seats were very far away from the table as well as the table stands on the floor were huge and awkward. The baked goods located in cases by the cashier are great. I would like to go back and try out the dim sum.
I saw this store on my way from Colonie Mall and had to check if they had my favorite roast pork buns. Score! I didn't realize they were the same vendor from the Asian Market! I didn't have time to check out the "Bistro" apart, but I do love that there's an extensive shelf area with pastries. My favorites are the roast pork bun and egg tarts--they're delicious and I always have to stockpile and end up eating nothing but those things for 2-3 days. $20 provided me with 5 toast pork buns, 2 pineapple buns, 2 taro buns, 3 eggs tarts and a taro boba drink. The rating of 3 is for the poor customer service. I got a really bored and deadpan girl, who rushed me with my picks. I tried to make jokes with her to lighten up her mood, but got nothing but crickets.
I've been going to this bakery when they were in the Asian market and I am delighted to see them in their own place. We went the other night to get take out. The food was amazing. We had the shrimp and pork dumpling soup, an order of the soy sauce noodles with shrimp, and mango bubble tea. They were very accommodating with a special order and the food was delicious and hot. We didn't get any of their buns that night, but I've had them before and they are my favorite. We were very impressed with the setting of the restaurant and hope to have a date night there soon.
My prayers have been answered!  A real Cantonese restaurant in Albany!!! From what I hear, they were the ones operating inside the Chinese supermarket on Central, providing baked goods and the food counter.  This is a real step up! The name of this place doesn't do them justice.  Never mind the bakery (which is also quite authentic and decent)... it's the "bistro" side that's the action here.  This is a small restaurant, about 16-20 tables, but one look at their menu and you'll realize that this is not your fast food Chinese takeout joint.  If you come here to order "chicken and broccoli" or "lo mein", you're at the wrong place. On our first visit, we tried beef chow fun ("wet fried", or sub chow style), fillet steak with Chinese broccoli, jumbo shrimp with crispy honey glazed walnuts, and salted fish casserole with eggplant and chicken.  Very typical Cantonese dishes that I like to order. The chow fun happens to be my "litmus test"--you probably won't find wet-fried chow fun anywhere but at an authentic Cantonese restaurant..  It met my expectations, with fresh rice noodles, gravy and beef done just right.  They also have the more commonly served "dry-fried" chow fun on the menu. The fillet beef steak dish consists of marinated pieces of beef that's fried in oil with brown sauce.  Tasted right, though I thought the meat was a bit tougher than I've had elsewhere, perhaps a bit overcooked. The jumbo shrimp with walnuts was spot on.  Real jumbo shrimp, deep fried with sweet mayo, served with fried and glazed walnuts on a bed of broccoli.  Quintessential banquet dish. The salted fish casserole was also excellent, though by this point, I was too full to enjoy.  Just as a warning to those not familiar with salted fish ("hom yue"), it's pretty smelly, but the taste is very rich and not as overwhelming as you might think.  If you are adverse to something that smells like rotting fish, avoid all the "salted fish" dishes.  It is an acquired taste, and if you love food, I suggest you acquire it quickly. Rounding out the authenticity are the "HK-style" beverages.  I had the "H.K. style iced coffee & tea" drink.  Again, the real deal. I have only two gripes:   - They charge you for white rice.  I can't remember the last time I was charged for rice. - The prices are a bit higher than I'm used to.  But I'll gladly pay it until they have some real competition. They've taken every step to make this a "Hong Kong style" establishment.  I'll definitely return for dim sum and try other dishes in the near future.
I made my first visit on a weekday afternoon and ordered dim sum. It took forever to get my order. So why 4 stars? Because it was obviously made fresh for me and everything was piping hot and delicious. Har gow plump with shrimp. Bao literally overflowing with bbq pork. And "glutinous rice wrapped in lotus leaf"--lo mai kai--well, that was actually a little less funky than I liked but pretty good. The atmosphere is really pleasant, interesting Hong Kong music/entertainment track, and this is an amazing step up from those who remember the hole in the wall location on Central. Very friendly and solicitous staff. My only twinge is that it's a wee bit expensive (I paid $18.75 for 4 dim sum items) but you can offset that by taking home some of the cheap prewrapped (but made on premises) baked goods by the cashier. I heard several comments from other diners that suggested the place is mobbed on weekends, btw. But that probably means the dim sum comes out faster.
I look back on my review of the Hong Kong Bakery when they were operating out of a storefront on Central Avenue and I can't even believe this is the same place. They improved when they moved into the Asian Supermarket a couple of years ago. And they have improved again in their new home on Wolf Road. The worst thing about the new location is that unless you are heading south on Wolf Road, you are likely going to be tempted to make an illegal u-turn to get into their driveway. Besides that this is the nicest space the bakery has occupied yet. I was in that building when it was the Indian place. And before that when it was the Thai place. They've worked wonders with the space. Despite the claim on the menu, not all dim sum is made to order. The pan fried turnip cakes were delivered to a table from their perch in the display case (I prefer mine hot from the griddle). The fried taro and pork dumplings also held court in the same case. But the steamed dumplings came out piping hot. My kids loved the meaty siu mai. The har gow wasn't up to my gold standard of translucent skin with just a bit of chewy resistance encasing sweet, snappy shrimp with a touch of garlic. These skins were a good bit thicker, but it was well within the acceptable parameters. Beef chow fun had some nice wok char, and surprisingly juicy (if chewy) slices of beef. The stars here however are the baked goods. My kids love the baked pork buns, the baked taro buns and the baked bean buns. Give them a good custard bun and they are happy. But in the past we've been relegated to eating these in the car, so a few of the messier options have been off limits. Like the coconut cream bun. My daughter was delighted to be able to get one of these at our table, and despite the bun being as big as her head (and only $1.19) she gobbled up the whole thing. I'm also absolutely delighted to report that they now have the best egg custards in town. Yes, they could still use a little bit of fine tuning, but they are finally on the right track. I spoke with the owner about the improvement. Apparently in their last kitchen they didn't have the room for the right machine to make the tart crusts. Before they were more like pie crusts. Now they are more like puff pastry with many, many discernible layers. These excited me so much that I failed to take a picture. Yes, it's a brand new place. They are clearly still working on some service issues. But given how much they have already improved, I'm willing to cut them a little bit of slack. Now do yourself a favor and get in their for an egg custards. Although since this is Albany, before you make a special trip, it's probably worth a phone call just to make sure they have them on hand.
Fantastic choice.  All of the dishes were authentically prepared and fresh.  I ordered the spring rolls which were among the freshest and tastiest I've had.  The chicken with ginger and scallion was well prepared.  When I ordered it, the waiter asked me if I knew that it had bones in it, which is a great question since many might expect steamed chicken to come boneless.  I'm looking forward to coming back, especially to get dim sum!
Hong Kong Bakery used to operate out of the Asian Market on Central Ave but has now moved here.  I went on opening night.   Food is Cantonese primarily, and I guess Hong Kong style, but I really don't know enough about that cuisine to comment.  Food is authentic stuff and really tasty.  I got the beef stew noodle soup and thought that was excellent... with bits of sinewy stuff that's good but may be hard to take if you are not used to that stuff.  Roast duck is top notch, even better than what I remembered buying from them at their takeout at the market at Central Ave.  Skin is nice and crispy.  Meat succulent.  Clams with black bean sauce was very good.  Singapore mai fun was good.  Dim sum, they say it is freshly made, and available at any time, was excellent.  Shui Mei and Shrimp dumpling are on the larger side and very tasty.  I didn't have the hot and sour soup but I was told it was very good Casual atmosphere but has a nice touch of sophistication.  I can't really describe it but I like the decor.  I'll take some pics the next time I am there and post them. I am glad these guys opened a restaurant.  Menu looks extremely promising, and from what I sampled I think it will be great.  Portion size is generous. They bring out a dish of oranges at the end of a meal instead of fortune cookies... this is a very good sign of an authentic Chinese restaurant, in my experience. There are still bakery display counters and bake goods for sale.  Looks amazing.  I didn't get to try any, ate too much as it is tonight. There are couple other places in the capital district that are comparable... but as of tonight I think this place is the tops for cantonese style food. Parking lot is out in back, and there is an entrance facing the parking lot.
I have been looking for a good Chinese restaurant in Albany, and Hong Kong Bakery and Bistro is that place! I recently had a bad experience at another Chinese restaurant in the area recently, and was worried I would not find a good place. I'm so happy to find this gem. When you drive into the parking lot, the first impression is the area looks a little shady. There is a closed restaurant on the left of Hong Kong. However, when you get of your car, and walk towards the entrance, you are greeted to a nice little garden. When you enter the restaurant, you first see the bakery, then the dining area. I really like the decor, it's modern and elegant. I was there for lunch with another person. We both ordered lunch specials. I ordered the szechuan style pork, and the person I was with ordered the sliced pork with Chinese okra. It either came with soup or soda. I ordered the egg drop soup with it, and it was amazing! The egg drop soups I've had lately had a strange smell and taste, but this one did not have these issues. The szechuan pork was great as well. There was enough spice, and the flavor was great. The portion was also a good size. The Chinese Okra did not look appetizing to me, but when I tasted it, it was amazing. At home, we cook Chinese Okra as well (we have a different name for it), but we do cook it that way. I also ordered a milk bubble tea. It was one of the better bubble tea's I've had lately. I also ordered some pastries fun the bakery to go. So far, I've had the bbq spare ribs bun, and it was very delicious. It had a lot of meat, and very little dough, which is the way I think it should be. This is a great restaurant in the capital district. I will be going back very soon to try their dim sum. If you are in the Albany area, you have to give this place a try.
Very nice to have another good option for Cantonese style food in the area. The place does not look like much from the outside but it is nicely decorated and clean inside. I went with several dim sum items and was very impressed. I am not an expert but I have had dim sum in many different cities(SF,Seattle, NYC, etc.) and this was as good as any I have had. Did not try the bakery items on this visit but it looks like they have a nice selection of Chinese style and American/European style items. Next time, perhaps.
I've never been so happy to see a restaurant open in Albany! I'd been craving some good dimsum for a long time, and when I read about this restaurant on alloveralbany.com, I couldn't wait to try it! I came with a few friends for dimsum on a Saturday morning, and there were a lot of people there. It took us a long time to be served and to even get our drinks. It was a bit frustrating, but the quality of the food was great! We got a little bit of everything, including the rice noodles with shrimp and with pork, the siu mai and har gow, and some of the meat dishes as well. I also got the Tea and Coffee mix and while that took forever to come out, it was well worth it. I've come for dinner as well, and my palette was very pleased. I got the black bean and pepper beef and the bean curd with snow peas and mushrooms. The beef was a bit tough, but the flavor was perfect. I was extremely happy with both of the dishes. I also love the fact that they have the bakery buns at the front. Although it's a little more expensive than what it is in NYC, it's well worth it for a tasty snack. I'd recommend this place to anyone who's looking for some authentic Chinese food.  I'm definitely going to become a regular here!
Somehow one of the previous reviews said this place offered dim sum all day, which is not true. I was so excited to get dim sum for dinner but they told us it's only 9-5 everyday, which is common. So we had a honey roasted pork, a beef bean curd casserole and beef fried noodles, and two bakery dishes. Food was a bit salty, the casserole was good.
