Just had lunch with a good friend.  While it was busy, we were greeted and seated by the Hostes as soon as we walked in.  The wait staff was very attentive without being obtrusive.  Our drinks were never allowed to be empty, I like that.  We also always had fresh bread on the table, another good touch.   We both had the grilled salmon with tomato basil sauce and it was very well prepared and flavorful.  We also started with an order of fresh mussels and I have to say, I was impressed.  They were meaty, not rubbery and very tasty.  I highly recommend this as an apitizer.   I have eaten here and other Carrabbas' locations and never really thought too highly of this chain.  I came here today mostly because my friend lives abroad and liks Carrabba's when he visits, so naturally I brought him here.  Today's experience has changed my perception and will definitely come back.   If you enjoy more privacy or intimacy, ask to be seated at a booth.  The tables in the dining room are placed close to each other.
In lieu of any other options in this horrible area of Florida, here we found ourselves at Carrabba's.  I'm no fan of chain restaurants, but if you ever find yourself in the butt crack of hell that I call Florida, especially this area, I saw with confidence that this is as good as it gets. If you ever find yourself in the Space Coast, stick with chains. Trust me on this one. I've come from the future. The future being big cities outside of this Peninsula of hell, which I call Florida. Florida is behind the times in so many ways and this area is sooooo out of the loop. Chain restaurants here are like an oasis in the desert.  They offer some sort of corporate comfort whereas a free falling restaurant here with no corporate backing is like a cesspool of alcoholic seniors wanting to relive their spring break periods and white trash/red necks drinking domestics out of koozies. Trust me if you find yourself here, cook at home, or chain restaurant the hell out of this area, and save yourself from the torment of the over priced River Rocks, Pineda Inn, etc. dumps.  This is a safe zone, not a 5 star but let's get real, it's garbage Florida, what do you really expect, it's like going to Berlin after the wall was destroyed and people were catching up after communism.   Oh the new Flock of Seagulls CD, I'm going to buy it right here in the open in front of everyone! I'm guessing if you're from Florida you have no idea what I'm talking about so go back into your ignorant head space and have another Bud Light. Why I didn't give this place a 3 star rating is because my fiancé left his wallet behind and when he called the restaurant they said there was no wallet left.  So he drove back to restaurant to check for himself.  When he arrived they were very rude to him and wouldn't let him check at the table we were seated at because there was a couple already seated at our table.  He explained that he himself and two others have already done a full check at the table for his wallet and it was 100% not there. The manager was SO rude, so my fiancé brushed past the manager, went to our table and kindly ask the couple if they minded if he look for his missing wallet.  The couple didn't mind at all and low and behold, his wallet was right there on the floor underneath the table. I won't give this place a 1 star since there's nothing else in this area, and because our waitress was SUPER nice and did a great job and we enjoyed our meal, but the manager's attitude was what put the nail in the coffin for us.
How can this place only have 3 stars. It is one of the best restaurants for the price in the area. The Scampi Filet is to die for and I have never had a bad meal there since they opened years ago.
Tried the one up on the North End of Wickham Road. Except for the salt, this is the blandest "Italian" food I've ever tasted.
Our party of three visited Saturday for lunch. In this location, the grille is to the right, and the dining room to the left. There are plenty of tables and booths, but in our opinion, the tables may be a mite more comfortable, and have more room for the dishes, etc. Two of us had the chicken Marsala, and it was absolutely out of this world. Fresh, perfectly cooked, and delicious. Whoever the cooks were this day knew how to cook. My charming lunch companions had mashed potatoes and zucchini. Outstanding. I had spinach . Nothing at all like the canned goop Popeye scarfs. This spinach was in "leafy" form, seasoned , fresh and tasty. We all had the garlic mashed potatoes; also a delight. Fresh , hot bread, too. The waitress was very professional and attentive, yet non-intrusive. We raved about this meal for quite some time. I guess you have to know what to order in Carrabba's (for example, the "zucchini fritte" appetizer. Worth a visit.
This is a nice place for dinner, no doubt about that. However, their ever increasing prices are getting to be a real turn-off. Way too steep for the area. I'm sure they are forgetting that it is the local trade that keeps them in business all year long. You try living here and eating there.
I do not understand why people like this place. It is not 'Italian' food as I know it. Just not a fan at all. It may be me but I hate the food there. I like real Italian food like you get it in the North End of Boston so you might want to get a better review from someone else.
We love Carrabas, one of our favorite Italian chains! Any of their Bryan dishes are awesome!
I have NO IDEA why everytime I come here everything is so salty. Don't get me wrong, I like salt but they really lay it on thick. Service is normally good too.
Good food and great service. Their chicken Marsala is excellent.
Favorite chain restaurant....EVER. My husband and I  frequent this location at least monthly, their service is friendly and expedited...we are obsessed with the mozzarella sticks (made on-site) and of course the happy hour wine! I had never heard of Carrabba's until we moved to the East Coast but this place trumps Olive Garden every time. De-lish.
I liked their Lasagna and the salad with wine was good too!
Best Italian food in Palm Bay! Mr C's steak sandwich is always a great lunch!
Great food and excellent service.  The sangria is a good choice made fresh at the bar with fresh fruits and wine! They always have some sort of special going on be sure to ask your server.
We will not go back to this restaurant. We had two problems with this place. First, I ordered a martini, and the glass came half-full, and it was a small martini glass. I was just going to let it go, but the other people at my table said that I should send it back, so when the waitress came, we sent it back. The thing was, we were seated in the bar area, right next to the bar, so we could hear the waitress and the bartender speaking. Instead of simply making another drink, the bartender got defensive, and argued with the waitress. Then he said he was just going to add some more ice and shake it up some more and bring it back. I turned around and simply told him I didn't want it anymore, but they brought me the watered down, shaken up drink, anyway, and I sent that one back too. The attitude of the bartender was just wrong and kind of insulting. Then, one of the other people at my table ordered the veal piccata. Two tiny slices of veal were on the plate. Roughly the size of a large cracker, each, and the entrée was not cheap. We didn't even bother complaining about it. But we couldn't understand how our waiter could bring us that entrée with a straight face. This place has serious management problems, and it is a big rip off. We will never go to this place again.
Don't know why I even bother with their carryout. Placed order on-line @ 5pm, parked in curbside carryout spot @ 5:10 was asked to park at staples next door.  Went into bar where they forgot I existed for an hour despite my asking for status.  Brought me cold food and acted like it was normal. Joe Pesci had it right "They f*** you in the drive-thru..."
