Haven't been to TGIF in 3 yrs, so we had to stop in for lunch.  The place is clean and have ample space (not cramped).  The waitress was very friendly and provided speedy service.  I would definitely recommend this location for a lunch site.
I like this place, you pretty much know what to expect. The service is good and I like the decor. Plenty to choose from on the menu. I have been here several times and will on doubt keep coming back.
We just happened to be in the area and were hungry.  We though, why not since we had not been here in a while and I remembered the food being good.  The place was a bit in disarray, we were the only people seated in our section but the tables were not bussed around us for our entire meal.  Someone ordered potato skins and they were overdone slightly closer to potato chips.  Our server was ok, but she definitely did not spend much time in the dinning area, or busing tables for that matter.  I felt the food somewhat ho-hum.  It was ok, but tasted a little flat and uninspired.  Ordinarily I could count on chains and franchises being fairly consistent but I was disappointed in our visit there.   Overall, it seems much has changed in the standards of Fridays.
Food: Ok/Good Service: Bad/Worse Went here due to the fact that its near the mall and we were short on time.  Sat down and silverware was wrapped in a napkin - and there was lettuce that had gone through the dishwasher tangled all around the fork. It was really gross that that made it through the wash and even more gross that someone had to take this, put it next to a knife and wrap it and send it out to a table. Service wasn't very good and the floors were disgustingly sticky. Eww.
My girlfriend seemed to have a decent opinion of this restaurant so this is where we decided to go. We were seated quickly but then had to wait a while before we were asked what we wanted to drink. Once we got our drinks, the soda was flat but the waitress kindly offered to fix it because she seemed to know what the problem was, and she did return with not flat soda. The silver wear had water stains. The burger that I ordered was cooked at too high of a temperature, leaving overlooked outsides with an undercooked inside. Otherwise, the rest of the food was good, and the ambience was nice.
Do Not. And I repeat DO NOT go here on a thursday night. It is 80s night and by 80s night i mean a 75 year old most likely deaf "DJ" playing the worst songs at an extreme noise level. I wish I could post a video of not only the loudness, but the hilarious "80s" dresses the bartenders are dressed in, oh and i forgot to mention, the high voltage stage light props pointed directly at the seats at the bar. Plain and simple we came here for a quick burger and a beer and will never be returning to this fridays. Worst experience ever.
This place needs to invest some money into sound absorbing pads on the ceiling/walls. It sounds like you're in an elementary school gym. Service was a bit spotty figuring the size of the crowd. Food was typical chain restaurant fare. The layout of the tables seemed like a good idea, but not exactly executed right.
Friday's has always been my "go to" place when in doubt where to eat.  This was the first place I ate at when I first moved to Melbourne.  This restaurant is in a great location, it's pretty much in the center of most of the major shopping centers in the area. I've been here for both lunch and dinner, even sat at the bar just for drinks.  The food is pretty good.  Friday's in general tend to have the limited time specials, which helps to keep the menu fresh. Service is usually good.  There was one time I brought my parents here and the waiter spilled something on my mom (don't worry it wasn't anything hot).  The manager picked up our bill and gave us a round of drinks.   There was another time a waiter was just flirting with female customers for about 10 minutes and I had to walk out.  Don't worry I didn't dine and dash, waiter never got around to taking my order.  Since then I've only requested waitresses.
There were 6 adults in our party on a Monday evening. We are snowbirds staying in the area for 3 months. We were seated quickly at a good sized table. The hostess was friendly and helpful. Our server was extremely nice and patient. Several in our party had never been to a TGIFridays before and had lots of questions about the menu and our server took the time to answer all of them happily and was knowledgeable about all the items. We ordered numerous appetizers and they were all delicious and hot. I had the Bruschetta Chicken pasta and it was excellent. All meals were served at the same time and all were piping hot. The servings were all a generous size. We found the prices were very reasonable and everyone commented that they had thoroughly enjoyed their meal!  Will recommend and be returning.
Okay yes, this is my favorite restaurant.  I'm too nervous to say favorite restaurant "ever." But yes, yes it very well may be.  I think I'm just fond of the memories of all the many late-nights spent at the Fridays' bar and their fabulous Happy Hour drinks specials at any hour of the night.  My all-time favorite thing to order is their Jack Daniels Shrimp AND the broccoli and cheese soup is my original favorite.  I'm such a huge fan. I never leave town before coming here.
Always clean always good
It's a standard TGI Fridays.   Nothing distinctive about it.  Many people that come in are vacationers.  For a chain, you know what to expect.
I have always been a fan of Friday's. This Friday's is obviously run by someone who knows how to hire and lead a great staff. The food always tastes great, and the service always fast and friendly. I have been many times and plan to continue going back. The BBQ chicken wrap is one of my favorites, actually recommended by one of the waiters I had!
