At least it was outside & all the nicotine smoke didn't stay confined indoors for me to inhale. I really wasn't impressed. ^^This was a 2 star review and after the msg from the manager, I am compelled to add another star to my review. Krystal, Thank you for writing a review on us. I hope you had a great time on your trip to Melbourne as this is a pretty cool beach town. :) I want to assure you that there is no smoking allowed indoors so after reading your review I alerted my staff to keep an extra eye out for anyone trying to sneak a cigg inside because I completely agree that is unacceptable. It only takes one to make the whole place smell and as someone with a sensitive nose I understand how important it is to breath fresh air. Were you able to try our fresh squeezed Orange Crush? Next time you're in town ask for a manager and tell them Lena approved a free drink on YELP. Hopefully we can make your next experience a lot more positive. :)  Again, thank you for bringing this to my attention and I hope to see you in soon. Cheers! Lena Manager Mainstreet Pub
If you're in the area it's worth checking out, but I wouldn't recommend planning a night around just this place. Super narrow hallways. Parking essentially only available a couple blocks away. Prices seem to reflect the touristy area, but not the atmosphere. There's different areas to check out once you're inside. The highlight was standing on the balcony watching constant fights erupt near the entrance below us. My advice - check out "The Mansion" instead.
Let me start by saying that Mainstreet Pub, has been and probably will be for a while, a high school "reunion" bar and I will probably end up stopping by again next time I'm in town. However, with that said, I wanted to point out two small issues I had while visiting last month. 1. Over the course of the night I ordered an Old Fashioned from each of the three bars. Unfortunately, only the ground floor front bar made a true Old Fashioned, in my opinion. The other two were distinctively ill-prepared and inconsistent to one another. Now I know three bars means three separate bartenders but I feel there should be some consistency in standards (ingredients, portion/glassware and price). 2. I can understand the restless crowd your business must deal with, but please do realize that not all your patrons are a drunken mess when you start closing. It was very uncomfortable for me and my two friends to be herded out the door like cattle.
Atmosphere is great Outside patio is very nice. Always a lot of people there on the weekends but expensive drinks. I only bring cash with me because last time I used my card and opened a tab I was charged for more drinks than I bought and I can't prove it but I think they did it knowingly. So go for the atmosphere but don't use a card.
Went here for lunch during the week. The sandwiches were good and for a good price. If dt would enjoy this nice outdoor searing gain.
Good drinks
The veggie tacos are really just a salad wrap. The ingredients are good. It was a tasty salad wrap, but I wanted a taco. Getting a tasty salad wrap when you wanted a taco is like getting peppermints when you wanted chocolate. You can't really complain, but I'm gonna. Ugh. The mushroom soup was freaking awesome, though. The beer was really good, too. But when is beer not good? Mainstreet Pub is just alright with me. It's not really my kinda jam, if you know what I mean. You know what I mean ;D
The happy hour crowd is good, but at night the place can get too packed with people, especially on the 2nd floor.  The balcony is a really good spot to get away from the crowds, if you can get a table.  The problem is the type of crowd.  Mostly tools, d-bags, and college students.  For the most part, everyone there is trying to be hip, and trying too hard.  Come to think of it, most are some variation of the hipster species.  I think people need to realize that Pabst is a crappy beer that most of our dads and their friends drank because they were too damn poor to drink anything better.  Stupid hipsters, you can't pay rent with "irony bucks". The food is decent, but this is a bar, so don't expect anything amazing.  But again, this is the Melbourne bar scene...which tries too hard to be like the bar scene of other places.
Great bar but very deceiving.  When you first walk in, your first thought is "this is it?"  but if you keep walking through you will find the backside of the bar/club where it opens into a courtyard. This is where all the fun happens.  You will see anyone and everyone there.  There is an upstairs bar and and an upstairs outside balcony.   It is all the talk in Melbourne.  Everyone usually starts off the night here.  Thursday through Saturday it is standing room only. The bar tenders are great and really hustle.   During the week its a quiet non-assuming restaurant that serves one of the BEST Cuban sandwiches in town. Also, if you ever have the chance to visit go to the back courtyard bar and see if you can get the good looking Asian bartender Yung.  He makes the best drinks!  Everyone knows Yung and if he cant make it, you dont want it...
I wasn't impressed. I had been told by several friends that I should try the mainstreet pub because the nightlife though busy was a lot of fun and really relaxed. I was excited because I don't go to clubs ever and I was happy to hear about a club like atmosphere without the really crowded, music pumping vibe (if that makes sense). Instead I got an overly crowded, really obnoxiously loud experience with really crummy,watery drinks. The decor is okay, nothing to write home about and the staff is okay as well. I wasn't pleased with any of the drinks and I believe at one point there was some food but it was sent back because it was so bad. The building was also hard to navigate. There are several back rooms that are all connected and there are hallways that lead to different areas of a patio and even seating to the side of the building. I understand it is probably a converted house or something of that nature but they could have knocked some walls down and made more seating so everyone wasn't standing around.
Whenever I come here, I think back to my first visit.  I walked in and sat at the bar thinking "So this it, it looks alot bigger on the outside".  I continue to nurse a bottle of beer watching the TV.  After a while I notice someone going out into the back.  At first I thought the restrooms were back there, but then I saw someone taking food back there.  No one takes food to the restroom (no one I hang out anyway), so I looked for myself.  There's a courtyard back here! They offer plenty of mixed drinks to choose from.  I'm more of a beer guy, so I tried a local beer they had, Jai Alai. It was a little too much on the bitter side for my tastes. If you're visiting Downtown Melbourne, this should be one of your first stops.  If you're coming in from the west side, this will be the first bar you see.  And if you're like me, this bar will be the first stepping stone to an awesome night!
Ah ha, ha, ha, ha!!!! Fricking ab-so-lute hilarity. Out playing pool someone hollers let's go downtown - On it. In my jeans & black t shirt "Support Southern Rock" on the front "Lynard Skynard" on the back. Perfect. Except APPARENTLY we were supposed to be wearing our slutty prom dresses. Ooops! The place is PACKED. With the lamest group of peeps I have ever been in close proximity w/. Fabulous people watching. I outright laughed in people's faces. What are they gonna do? Some dude there was hitting on chicks claiming to be a Dr. Uh no, my friend pointed out - "he has a PhD in , like, English." I get why people go here, cuz really what else you gonna do on a Wed w/ $1 drafts? I'll tell you what to do - get a job so you can afford to go somewhere else. The place seems even more crowded cuz the peeps there are pathetically atrocious and to top it off - the bartendar we had couldn't have been a bigger bitch. I want my $20 - back.
Nice bar and tiki bar, like when they have rock bands out back. Orange crush drink is great made with fresh oj. Food needs improvement.
The hubby and I were out for Date Night and planned to eat and drink our way down "the strip." We started here and grabbed a comfy spot on one of the couches out front. Their cocktail list was impressive and so many looked delicious. We both opted for gin martinis. His: basic. Mine: sugar rimmed with fresh juice. Divine. As this was our first stop, we were ordering an app. We chose Tater Tots: fully loaded and were NOT disappointed. Our inner child decision making here was a winner! We inhaled them. A great little spot that apparently gets busy later in the evening. We loved the quiet of being early. :)
This place is a "must do" when in downtown Melbourne. It is an old house that was beautifully converted into 3 bars. They have drink specials all the time, and you have to try one of their fresh squeezed drinks!! They squeeze the fruit right in front of you, it will spoil your taste buds forever.
On the weekends, this place is always the place to go to. Even if you go by yourself, you'll wind up bumping into someone you know. There's three rooms and it's always a lot of fun :)
Pretty average. The food isn't too bad. Their outside patio is pleasant. Food cannot be ordered after 9pm though the menu says otherwise.
This is a very chill, casual pub.  The place has an outdoor tiki bar, which is a nice touch.  I came here for lunch, and they had a good selection with decent prices.  I also came back for their acoustic night outside at the tiki bar and it was a very nice atmosphere.  They have TVs outside as well, so you can sit and watch games as well.  Bathrooms are clean, which is huge plus in my book!  The servers are attentive.
Fresh squeezed cocktails and friendly faces. A Melbourne must do!
Poor service, usually too busy and crowded to have a conversation or really enjoy. Typical Melbourne Bar scene
