I must have come on a good night or something, because I don't get the hate.  Had a great time here - we were JUST on the line for last call as soon as we walked in, and immediately our server (Ryan) got our order in so we wouldn't miss.  The hookah was awesome, and very reasonably priced.  And our server knows his stuff about hookahs as well (we met up with him later, by chance!). The drink deals they were having were VERY good, and the drinks themselves were great (Cilantro martini? Nice!).  They do pull the turn-on-the-bright-lights-and-cut-the-music right at closing time, but that's not their fault.  Everyone there seemed pretty nice.  It's not as hoppin' as we would have liked, perhaps, but we'll definitely be back.
Wasn't that impressed. The waitress didn't explain anything, thank goodness I know about hookahs!!! We had to go and find her because she was "too busy" for our table but wasn't for another table full of guys. Even the table that was next to us I had to explain everything to them because the waitress could have cared a less. I've been in there a couple of times and this time was the worst. It's a hit or miss place.
love love love this place . inexpensive (I'm from New York and hookahs are super expensive), you meet new people every day. Love Lillian! She's a doll! only thing I'm not a fan of is the wait on getting a server to come around and check on you. I'm in the service industry and it just sucks when I have to wait 25 minutes before I can get another drink ! most times I don't stress it because I'm with a good group of friends but there will be a night or two when a girl needs more than just ONE drink. All in all, love it.
Good experience and a good selection from what I can tell....but hey, what do I know?  I am a novice. Great drink specials and good service. The ambiance could use a little help unless you sit outside.
This is my favorite place in Melbourne. This is as much due to the fact that it just fits my personality as it is due to the fact that this is just a cool place. I've only been here during the week, but it has a laid back ambiance with good music and I've met a number of cool characters here. Pretty women. A nice staff. GOOD hookah even compared to other hookah places. Note the Monday night special: free refills.
Good experience. Wait people are very knowledgeable on different flavors and take time to explain hookah to novices. Nice place to come relax on the patio.
Wasn't satisfied of the service much, i mean there's not much else to do in the city but there's no reason for crap servcie. Not wasting my time again
hit or miss with the service, sometimes they are on their toes, other times the are smoking themselves, "chilling" with friends at the bar.  Everything else is good.
They have a bartender there who is the most clueless bartender in the world. Obviously she didn't go to bartending school, she is someone who some other person said "this is the recipe". She takes absolutely no pride in what she does. I took offense to this because I am a bartender, not a career bartender, but someone who gives a dam about a quality drink. She all but yelled at a customer when he asked her why she didn't shake his long island, she didn't even roll it. She replied, "you don't shake long islands, why do people keep asking me that". Any drink with sour mix should be shaken....I was like WOW! Very unprofessional, if the customer wants his drink shaken, whether you agree or not, shake the damn drink. Furthermore, I have been in much nicer hookah bars. This one is kinda going through the motions, because of all the children 18-21 who frequent the establishment. But they have to allow kids in, it's Melbourne. If they don't cater to kids, they'll make no money. I get that, but there should still be a level of professionalism in any business.
