Most outstanding Thai food in the Albany area! Sri Siam is located right near my place of employment and I used to go there at least once a week. The vegetarian pad Thai is good, drunken noodle dish is good, all of the curries are good.  The taro dessert is fabulous and the service is excellent. They will adjust the spice level on any dish for you and add extra veggies if you request them. Excellent little hidden gem!
This place has some outstanding thai food at steep prices and small portions. Perhaps I'm used to my places out in Vegas where competition forces them to throw you a full plate of quality food. Had 2 orders of drunken noodles and a thai iced tea. I thought $29 was a bit steep and the portions were a bit small. On the flip side, the food was delicious. There is no other Thai restaurant in the area across the Hudson so I guess they can charge what they want. If I wasn't so accustomed to my regular places out here in Vegas I would have thought this to be a strong 4 stars.
The food here is absolutely outstanding, and it needs to be, because the service is horrendous. I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for amazing Thai food, but be prepared for slow, inefficient service.
Had dinner here once and it was good.  On three subsequent occasions drove to the restaurant only to find a sign on the door that they were closed for the day "sorry".  Nothing was posted to their website, no way to know in advance that they weren't open.  I would suggest this restaurant only if you have the time to find an alternate dining spot if they should be closed!
I've gotten take-out from here a few times and it's yummy! I loved the massaman curry and my boyfriend loved the mango curry. Watch out:  the mango curry is spicy! The only thing he disliked about his mango curry was the large piece of basil. I've also tried the drunken noodle dish and thought was a little bland, but you get a ton of it! I was able to get three meals out of my dish. The food is here very affordable, so I do love that. I have not dined in yet, but will update my review when I do.
Wow.  Just WOW.  Why have we not gone here before?  I had purchased a Double Take Deals voucher for this place and we've driven by it a hundred times but were hesitant to try it since it doesn't look like much from the outside.  We are SO glad we tried.  I had heard a lot of Thai food is naturally gluten free, so I figured they'd have something I could eat.  We went a little early (4:45 pm) hoping that the kitchen would be slow and able to accommodate a gluten free request.  There was only one other table seated when we went in.  We asked our waiter if he knew what gluten free was and what could I order on the menu?  He went back to the kitchen and came out with a bottle of gluten free tamari and said they could make anything gluten free using that instead of soy sauce.  SWEET!  The only thing I could not have was fried rice. Neither of us are familiar with Thai food so it would be nice if there were more of a description under each item.  We were kind of flying blind.  I remembered reading other yelp reviews that the Mango Curry and the Drunken Noodles were good, so that's what we got.  Both with chicken.  Hubby also opted for wonton wrapped deep fried shrimp for an appetizer.  He was very happy with the shrimp. Our meals came and we both dug in.  WOW.  They were DELICIOUS!  We are definitely going back.  I'm hesitant to write a review because this hidden gem will be too busy the next time we go!  By the time we left (around 5:45-6pm) the place was very busy and they had a party of 8 waiting in the vestibule for a table! Total for two meals, one appetizer and 3 beers was $45!
Good but not the omfgwow that every other review said. Then again I am used to Thai food from visiting Thailand not US's version of it.  Expensive but I guess probably the best "Thai" food in the area.
Don't be fooled by the exterior. This is not a farmhouse. Came here on a Friday night, and found plenty of seating. Mango curry - 3.5/5, had tons of pineapple bits too and not enough mango in my opinion, slightly spicy. Drunken chicken noodle - 4/5, HUGE serving size is a plus, perfectly tossed noodles in sweet/mildly spicy sauce, would order this again next time. Vanilla ice cream scoop with side of sweetened condensed coconut rice - 3/5. Satisfying, but not wow amazing.
If going on just the food, this is easily a 5. The wait staff is somewhat slow, unresponsive and not great in general. The food more than makes up for it though. Also has odd hours and closes often.
This place is a small, but wonderful hole in the wall. The Thai iced tea, basil fried rice, and drunken noodles (w/ peanuts added) are my favorite dishes here. I have become a regular and Tin is always friendly and gives great service. I highly recommend this Thai place over many others I've tried in the Capital Region. Orange Mango might look nicer but the food is definitely much better here at Sri Siam.
Remarkable.  Located on a quiet residential street between the Columbia Turnpike and I-dunno-what....  SriSiam totally impressed me.  The restaurant is small and welcoming.  Its quaintness is punctuated by its quiet residential locale.  The staff was very friendly.   The vietnamese style fresh rolls with chicken were delicious!  Although they were rolled a lot thinner than an regular vietnamese restaurant, they were utterly delicious.   They were served with viet style peanut/hoisin dipping sauce and were filled with the usual mint, vermicelli, maybe cuke... and of course the chicken.  For the main dish I got the prik khing with chicken.  It was delicious!  There was good flavor balance between the coconut milk and the prik pow chili paste.  There were also tons of string beans...which is awesome because I love string beans.     I would seriously hit this place again.  It was impressively delicious! Please Note - for June July and August 2013 they are going to be closed on sundays (according to sign on the door)
My boyfriend and I always get the Drunken Noodles with chicken...OMG INCREDIBLE! They can bit a bit on the spicy side..sometimes more than others. (Not always consistent) I have also have the mango curry chicken...so good! As well as the red curry with chicken. Pad Thai - always good. And the Rice with the jumbo lump crab. Everything is so good here!!! And the portions are generous. ALSO get the thai iced tea : )
This is a hidden gem.   We love great Thai food.  However, it is hard to find in upstate New York.  I have been greatly disappointed in many of the local Thai establishments.  Blue Spice is very inconsistent.  Bankok Bistro went downhill fast.  Capital Thai was a huge let down (mushy canned vegetables and an actual metal piece of a can lid in one of our dishes). Anyway . . on with Sri Siam.  We love it here.  I am a huge fan of the Siam Chicken (it's a bit spicy, which is one of the reasons I am drawn to it).  Spicy Basil rice is really good, especially when you go for the seafood option.  Another favorite is the fried noodle with beef.   Don't forget to go with the potstickers for an appetizer.  They are really good. Best of all, you can instantly tell that Sri Siam uses fresh ingredients and fresh vegetables in their dishes.  The shrimp are large, solid and meaty (compared to water logged and mushy in other places).  The vegetables are still crunchy, not mush from a can. (not a huge fan of the calamari appetizer . . . . but then, there is all this talk online about calamari being pig rectum . . so maybe it's just in my head lol) Great Thai food.  I still think Suko Thai has the best Tom Kha Goong (coconut soup with shrimp).  But Sri Siam has some great fresh dishes!
I was thrilled when this place opened up!  After living in New York City for a few years I became spoiled with diverse foods.  I have to say that this place indeed measures up.  I have yet to dine in, instead I go for the take out which is always hot and prepared to order!  The curries awesome and I have yet to have a meal I didn't like.  The prices are very affordable as well.
Former location of Zia's Pizzeria, I was glad to see Sri Siam open, because we don't have a shortage of pizzerias.  It's like playing Simcity... why do pizzerias and used car lots first to open in a commercial zone?  We really don't need another one of either type in most cases. Back to Sri Siam.  I was surprised to walk in and find a good size (but cozy) dining area.  When it was a pizzeria, there was little seating, and from the street, it doesn't look like there'd be any seating other than a few small tables. I tried the Penang curry, and the rest of my party tried the other curries and the ubiquitous Pad Thai.  The Pad Thai looked great.  The curry dishes were way too small for the price charged.  My wife and I cook thai curry dishes at home, and I can tell you it's practically pennies for the curry, plus the cost of the ingredients.  For about $2 worth of ingredients, the dishes average $8-12.  Ouch!  They can be more generous.  Americans are big people and we like our portions big!  Spring rolls are very small, so serving two rolls is more appetizing than the lonely little roll that comes out on a plate.  Presentation is not Sri Siam's strong suit. My seafood Penang Curry ($15) and a Thai iced tea (large pint glass, which was good. $3), came out to $19 after tax.  Ouch for lunch.  Sticking with chicken or beef next time and save myself $3! Still, it's nice to have an alternative to pizza, pizza, burger, pizza.  I will gladly pay the premium to have Thai food for lunch.  The only exception I'll make is the great subs at Manor House nearby.
This former location for pizza is likely to be a popular spot for the residents of East Greenbush.  While a bit off the main thoroughfare of routes 9 & 20, it is close enough to neighborhood work locations for those who venture out for lunch or seek delivery.  It is also surrounded by sufficient, potential, residential customers to provide an alternative to the many pizza, burger, subs, and other chain establishments that have required residents to cross the Hudson or drive to Troy for the taste of Thailand. The dining room is small with only about 10 tables providing a warm homey feeling.  We were promptly greeted by smiling staff as we entered and taken to a table for two.  At least a couple of other tables were already occupied.  My dining companion had already gotten take-out on a previous visit and said that the Spring Rolls (4 for $5) were very good.  She was also pleased with the Pad Khing Sod ($8 & $12 lunch; $11 & $15 dinner - the higher price is for seafood, the lower price is for chicken, beef or pork) which consists of your meat choice sautéed with fresh ginger, ear mushrooms and onions in a bean sauce. Since we wanted to try different dishes, we started with appetizers - Fresh Summer Rolls (2 for $6) and Potstickers (6 for $6).  The Summer Rolls were different than any I'd had before.  We chose grilled chicken over tofu, and while the transparent rice paper wrappers were the most common aspect of this app, the first noticeable difference was the small diameter of the rolls - easily half the size of most others.  I have to add that I'd never seen Summer Rolls offered with chicken before, usually it's shrimp, or tofu, and the occasional pork.  The chicken strips were dry, but with the "special brown sauce" (hoisin) served on the side with crushed peanuts we found the rolls acceptable. If I return, I'd sooner opt for the Potstickers.  These pan-seared little dumplings filled with a ground up combination of chicken and vegetables are the closest I've come to what I became accustomed to while stationed in Korea, oddly enough. My companion thought she could taste the oil they were seared in, but for me my taste buds were to busy traveling through time to have noticed. There are two standards by which I measure a Thai restaurant.  First is the Green Curry ($8 & $12 lunch; $11 & $15 dinner - the higher price is for seafood, the lower price is for chicken, beef or pork).  Wait-staff were willing to accommodate my companion by limiting the seafood to only scallops and shrimp.  While the portion was reasonable, there was not a lot of curry paste in the preparation.  But this ensured that with the added bamboo shoots, green beans, red pepper and rice there was no need to request additional rice to soak up any remaining curry paste.  My companion found the level of spice to be quite noticeable; I would have preferred it to be just a bit more spicy. My second standard is the restaurant's choice of wide rice noodles for their noodle dishes.  Sri Siam uses the more popular dried noodles with their longer shelf life.  They are cooked to order in boiling water just like you are likely to cook your pasta at home.  The other option would be to use more costly, freshly made, rice noodles that don't require rehydrating and thus have a shorter shelf life.  Yes, you can tell the difference. To sample the wide rice noodles I chose Drunken Noodle (same pricing as the Green Curry above) with pork.  The portion was generous and the pork was not overly cooked.  The basil flavor was noticeable without being overpowering.  The spice level was acceptable to me since it didn't overpower all the other flavors.  I will make a point of stating that the carrots were cooked to a proper level with just the slightest bit of a crunch, as another well regarded Thai restaurant in the area has always managed to serve practically raw carrots. Our beverages consisted of one cup of hot tea with a refill, an iced ginger tea and an iced Thai tea.  The charge of $7 on our bill must have been for these.  Both iced teas are sweet, but to my taste buds the Thai tea with its dairy on top (half and half?; evaporated milk?) was sweeter.  The Thai tea also seemed to have a stronger flavor than others I've had.  But as U. Utah Phillips would say, "it was good though!" The owner (Tim?) made the rounds of the tables talking to everyone and checking if everything was to their liking.  He was kind enough to insist that we accept a complementary order of Fried Ice Cream.  It was a good-sized scoop of vanilla with a coating (corn flakes? tempura?) and a strawberry flavored drizzle.  The ice cream was still very hard but the coating had the flavor of the cooking oil. I still believe this restaurant can do well.  For the benefit of the East Greenbush residents, I wish them well.
We tried this place tonight. This was our third Thai Restaurant. The other two being Blue Spice and Capital Thai. We are in love with this place! It so so warm, cozy, cute and inviting. The staff are so adorable, warm and friendly! Service is great! Interior is cute! It's also not too far from where we live! SCORE! We had the fish cakes, which we had never tried before anywhere. At first we didn't like them but if we took a big enough bite and dipped them in the sauce, they were wonderful. We had the Pad Thai and Pad See Eew.  Well...the Pad Thai was the BEST out of the three places we've been to. Pad See Eew. Like I said in my Blue Spice review, about on par with Capital Thai. What did distinguish it from the others is that it was very light. Also loved the big veggies and the way the sauce tasted on those veggies. The small noodles made it easy to eat too. However,  I was jealous of the wonderful food my husband was eating. One of the staff, I'm assuming the manager, kept coming over and checking on us. He asked if we had eaten Thai before and where and how we liked what we had. It was like he really cared. So nice to see a manager who is so nice and he was very humble also. I almost said I was a Yelper, but I held back. I have one complaint. The ladies room was freezing! The "weird vibe" I had gotten at Capital and Spice was broken by this place but the cold bathroom was the same as Spice. In all it was a wonderful experience. As I said to my husband "I can see us getting to know them and them getting to know us".. We WILL BE BACK! We'll probably bring the rest of the family!
I had been excited to try Sri Siam for a while, hearing it was delicious from friends and table hopping, etc.  I came on a Saturday night a little after 8pm, and there were only about three other tables occupied.  Since I don't live in the East Greenbush area, I don't know much about the place that occupied the building prior, but from what I've gathered Sri Siam has done a lot of renovations.  It's cute inside, probably around 15 give or take tables and had a nice feeling to it.   We were greeted immediately by a nice server who took our drink orders--two hot teas.  The tea was really good and served with a lemon but wasn't really hot enough, but still fine.   After looking over the menu I decided on the red curry with chicken and my dining partner chose a panang curry with chicken.  Both came out quickly.  Unlike most Thai places I've been to they served both dishes on a plate rather than a bowl.  The serving was perfect for the price or $11.  It was enough to be satisfied and full.  I asked for the spice to be a 3/5 and it was spiced nicely, however I would probably up the spice next time.  I just wish there were a little extra of the red curry sauce. What was really nice is that the owner came by to chat with us for a while before our entrees came out.  He was super friendly and wanted to know about us, other Thai places we've been and any suggestions.  He even insisted we try a dessert on the house--which we did.  Fried ice cream which was served with a raspberry sauce, chocolate sauce and whip cream.  Very nice of him and awesome to see an owner who really cares. I will definitely be back and look forward to trying out some new dishes!  Definitely recommended.
Went this afternoon for lunch.  Place is on a side road with less traffic and visible unless you are a local or you are looking for the place. Got Pad Thai, it was good, and fried calamari for appitizer, good but smaller portion then I expected.   Pleasent folks, server was on the quiet side and I had a bit of hard time understanding her but it might be me and not her.  Service was attentive.  Place was very clean. I found the food nice and refreshing, a nice change of pace from my usual eats.  I will be back.   Recommend you give it a try.
They have gotten a lot better. I dont get delivery anymore and I've noticed the increase in quality and portion size. Plus they seem to have a ton of people in the restaurant nowadays :)
I recently moved from CA and I am very pleased to have found this place. The food is awesome and the staff is great. I will be eating here often :)
Needed to kill some time while picking up a friend at the Albany train station. Read some of the reviews and picked this place. Excellent choice. Everything we ordered was delicious. If we are in the area again, we will be back!
I have only had Sri Siam once and it was a delivery of pad thai so I cannot speak to quality of the interior of the place or service but delivery time was good and everything came hot. My order could have been a little bit more flavorful though. I don't know if from sitting in the tupperware and steaming from being closed if the steaming ended up making it more soggy than anything and not incredibly flavorful like I expected it to be after reading the description of the wonderful flavors that were supposed to be present in this dish. I'd be willing to give it another go either delivery with a different dish or dining in and trying to dish sitting down without the hardship of travel to potentially ruin my dish. Everyone else I ordered with that day said their food was fantastic and I did try someone elses dish and she could not remember the name of what she ordered to be able to tell me so I could share this wonderful bite with others, but there are some good eats here.
Great experience!  Friendly waitstaff and pleasant and clean atmosphere.  I went with friends and we decided to each pick an item and share.  So glad we did!  Our selection of drunken noodles with chicken, mango curry with chicken and beef with broccoli in a garlic sauce were all equally delicious with just the right amount of spice.  We asked for medium spiciness which was the perfect amout of heat.  I am so happy to have found a wonderful thai restaurant that is so close to home.  This will definitely be in my regular rotation for both dining and take out!
My new favorite place to eat in East Greenbush. It's spotless and the service is excellent, even when it is busy for lunch. Always a fresh flower on the glass-topped tables. Food is fresh and delicious. I often get the mango curry or the drunken noodles. Very reasonable prices for lunch and dinner. A welcome change from typical Chinese food or chain restaurants in the area.
We had the Tom Yum soup, Pad thai, and Mango Curry. The food was great. My Gf and I moved out here from San Francisco and have yet to find a decent Thai restaurant until we found this place. The best part about the experience was the great service and attention to detail. We will definitely return.
The Pad Thai is delicious! I've tried other places but it is perfect here. For dessert try the fried ice cream with raspberry sauce. It is to die for. From the outside the place doesn't look overly appealing but when you walk in it is nicely decorated but a little small. The staff is very nice and helpful.
The best! Drunken Noodles is my favorite but the curry dishes are great too. Hidden treasure.
Tiny little thai place off the beaten path, but this place is worth finding it!  It is a very small building so I tend to order and pick up or they deliver for free if your order is above a certain price ($20, I believe).  I love the drunken noodle entree, and if you ask for it spicy that is EXACTLY what you get:  Super Spicy and full of flavor.  Nice size portions, and reasonably priced.
Recently I have been on a Thai kick and was excited to hear a new Thai restaurant was opening in the area. Sri Siam is located just off of Columbia Turnpike in East Greenbush on Sherwood Ave. The owner, Tin, did a great job remodeling the space as it was previously a pizza joint. The space is small, with only about 10-12 tables, cozy and intimate. Until recently I only dined at Blue Spice for Thai cuisine but that has changed since trying Sri Siam. My dining companion and I arrived around 8pm on a Saturday evening and were seated right away. We both ordered hot tea, despite the first cup only being luke warm (no big deal) but the second cups temperature was perfect.  We opted to skip appetizers, although many of them sounded good, and went right to entrees. Their entrees cover all the typical dishes found in a Thai restaurant and they even have many vegetarian dishes. I decided on the panang curry with chicken and my companion ordered the red curry with chicken. Our entrees arrived very quickly and both were perfect (temperature and spiciness). The vegetables were extremely fresh, which I love.  We both enjoyed our meals as we both cleaned our plates  =). The only thing I will mention is that the chicken was overcooked just a tiny bit, but still very edible. Throughout of dinner our waitress came over often to check on us and regularly refill our beverages. Tin, the owner, came over a few times to chat with us about out previous Thai dining experiences. Towards the end of our meal Tin came back over and offered us a complimentary dessert (fried ice cream, fried banana, or mango with sticky rice). We both decided on the fried ice cream which was your standard fried ice cream but the berry (strawberry or raspberry) sauce on top was delicious. Overall, the service was great, prices were very reasonable ($11 for curry dishes with chicken, beef, or pork & $15 for seafood) and food was extremely delicious! Please do yourself a favor and check out Sri Siam. You will not be disappointed.
A great addition to Thai restaurant scene in the Capital Region.  If you are looking for a good Thai restaurant on the other side of the river (of Albany), this is THE place to go.  Flavorful food, cozy ambient and very nice couple who run the restaurant...what not to love.   Flavor of food is well balanced between sweet, salty, and spicy.  Spicy food was nicely done by not being too spicy yet tasty.  If you want it to be spicy, they also know how to do it properly.  I can taste the fresh ingredients.  Even their broccolis are sweet and crunchy.  I am not a fan of finding broccoli in Thai noodle dishes (or any Thai dishes, for that matter).  Nothing against it, but broccoli is not native Thai vegetable (at least when I grew up).  But, I was presently surprised that I didn't mind it that much in the Rad Nah dish I got from Sri Siam. We didn't try any dessert this time but will definitely go back to try some.  I'd love to try the fried ice cream with raspberry sauce.  Also, mango season is coming (April-August).  So, it's time to get mango with sticky rice!   P.S. get the soup instead of spring roll.  Soup is tasty.  I do wish they would add some (even tiny) amount of noodle in the soup.  That would make it excellent, in my opinion.
My husband and I are from Boston and lived in Allston for a number of years. Essentially we wre spoiled because there is so much selection for food, and many amazing thai restaurants. .When my husband and I moved up to the Albany we were disappointed with the Thai food restaurants in the area (Blue Spice? I'm blanking on the name, and two more that we tried). I decided to try Sri Siam on a whim after reading a yelp review. Can I just say how blown away I am? We had it delivered and everything was delicious and obviously freshly made. The owner (Tin?) has delivered to my house and he is just the nicest guy!! I definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants authentic and amazing Thai food. Haven't been in to the restaurant yet but will be going there as a family soon. Keep up the good work!! :)
Although Sri Siam is almost in our backyard this was our first trip. While a modest red building on the outside looks should not deceive. This place is a real gem, service was warm and courteous. We ordered one appetizer the fried wonton they were excellent. I ordered the lemonade which was clearly homemade and very tasty. My wife ordered the Thai Tea which was also very good. Our entries: I ordered the Siam Spicy Chicken (I asked to cut back on the spice I later realized I should gave went full spice) but it was still excellent far better than any sweet and sour chicken from any Chinese Restaurant. My wife ordered the yellow curry chicken which was also very good and my son ordered the Pad Thai with beef which was excellent as well. For dessert we ordered just one to share the sticky rice with ice cream. For me it was surprisingly good because I am not a huge coconut fan but the sweetened coconut milk on the sticky rice was a pleasant surprise. This place is a great local place and I am glad we gave it a try and we will for sure return. One appetizer, three dinners and one dessert only cost $56 a real value for the money.
This is the best pad Thai I've had in a really really long time!! Great customer service. High five rensselaer county!
love this restaurant,  great tai tea,  great pad tai  it is always consistently good
Absolutely love this place! Authentic Thai food with generous portions at the right price. The service is great, very attentive, friendly, and easy going.
Worst Thai food I have eaten in my life was in this place. Do not waste your money here.
Takes a lot of kahunas to open a Thai restaurant in a Rensselaer residential neighborhood, the owner gets credit just for that. I went here specifically because I couldn't figure out where a Thai place would fit in on Sherwood Ave, but after eating here I'd say it's a gem of the neighborhood. Delicious and authentic Thai food served with a smile. The owner introduced himself to each table and filled water glasses when they reached below 3/4 full. The food comes in generous portions, I was able to squeeze a lunch the next day from the left over Pad Thai. Its a great place to have a nice dinner and the owner informed us that a liquor license was in the process. He also insisted on opening the door on the way out, complimentary tea at the end of the meal and he just had to know what we thought about each and everything we ordered. Overall, fantastic service and delicious food from a hard working independent restaurant owner looking to make his way in Rensselaer, NY. If there was ever a restaurant you should give your buisiness- its this one.
We have been to Thailand several times, and enjoyed Thai food many places.  This little neighborhood spot is a gem, and we will be back.  The favors were authentic, the service was helpful and prompt, and the prices were reasonable.
Food is outstanding. Kid friendly. Portions are large. Staff is very friendly.  Of all the Thai restaurants, Sri Siam ranks as one of our favorites.
not a bad place to enjoy Thai food. so far the best in Albany area in my opinion.
I finally got to try Sri Siam Thai Restaurant with my husband and we both really enjoyed it! We arrived shortly before the end of the lunch hours, and we were the only people in the restaurant. We were seated and promptly given glasses of water. We ordered soup and spring rolls for appetizers, then were told that the entrees included a soup or spring roll, and with some confusion my husband ended up with the soup that comes with the entree and a wonton soup. I got the spring roll, which was a little smaller than expected and lonely looking on the plate, but good. We also ordered chicken satay for an appetizer. Very good, chicken was just right. For Entrees I ordered the Massaman Curry with chicken and my husband ordered the Pad Ka Tiem with Beef. Both dishes were very good and we finished every last bite! I thought the sauce amount was just right for mixing with the rice and eating. I do wish the Curry dish was a little spicier. It would have been perfect for my husband, but I like things with more spice. Actually, my husband also finished off both soups and 2 of the chicken satay.....   I really like the inside of the restaurant. It's small but cozy and looks nice and neat. Blue Spice was my Thai restaurant of choice, but Sri Siam is about a minute from my house and I like it a lot! We definitely will be going back, and I hope they are successful in their location.
