Went in with some friends. We ordered 4 combos and didnt get any hash browns. When I said something the cashier had entered our orders wrong so that we only had 2 combos. The manager then threw a bag of 2 hash browns on the table and said, as he walked away, "here are your other 2 hash browns". We finally got our drinks as we finished our food. Have to say it was the worst service I have had at a Dunkin Donuts.
A new discovery but definitely my kind of BR. Very clean, well staffed, quick service, free wi-fi and nice selection of Ice Creams.  Give it a try.
Normal Dunkin donuts, long lines in the morning nothing too different here.  They do their best I feel but it still takes 10 min+ to get a coffee in the morning if you get there at a bad time.
The DD side of this place is a life saver when I'm running late and skipped breakfast at home. The menu always has new things to try at decent prices.  If there's a line at the drive thru it usually moves quickly and the employees have always been pleasant.  One negative thing that has happened more than once is they sometimes will run out of a menu item.
I really love this dunkin donuts. We don't drink any milk and they always find and create custom drinks as best they can (even tho DD still refuses to offer soy or non dairy options for vegans...but that's a corporate issue and not really the fault of this staff). No complaints. Always friendly and helpful! Waaay better than the Palm Bay Rd store.
I enjoyed bringing my son in here to check out the varieties of ice cream, and let him pick out a topping for his treat. He loves it! I am a die hard fan of the chocolate and daiquiri ice...childhood favorites. I would buy a pint of rocky road for my husband and a pint of daiquiri ice for my mom when she visited. They are kind of pricey for the pints I feel so it was a treat for us to buy those instead of individual items. I appreciate the birthday emails for my family to receive a free cone or dish with one scoop of ice cream. The store is usually clean, and the employees are nice. The main reason why I give this particular location a three star is their service. I have been in several times, and they are never too overly friendly. The ask what I want and get it but that's it...no thank you, have a nice night, etc.
Went here for a few bagels and ice coffees. Nothing spectacular or over-the-top awesome but the people are super nice and sweet and they do what you ask without giving you problems, giving you attitude, or getting it incorrect. I've only been here twice and I'm not necessarily going to be a regular because I'm up in this area visiting family, but I'll definitely be back for the great service!
