I recently moved to Albany from LA, arguably the US Mecca of Asian cuisine. So I was very surprised to see xiao long bao ("small steamed pork buns") on the menu! They aren't the best I've had but to have even come across them was a blessing. The inside tasted great but the skin was a bit thicker than I prefer. I ordered the house style noodles to share with my dad and they were pretty delicious too. I didn't taste any MSG in the soup so that is a plus. This place is a great value for the quality of food!
I came for lunch right at noon on a Wednesday. I was seated immediately. I ordered the "Stewed Beef Chuck" noodle soup. It arrived quickly and piping hot. It was a generous serving, tasty and cheap.   What's not to like about that?
Noodles in broth is one of the greatest dishes ever. And it's probably why there are so many cultures that have internalized this combination for their comfort food. Taiwan Noodle is my go to noodle shop. Forget pho. Reconsider ramen. Skip soba. Udon shmu-don. Meat lovers should get the chuck. Veggies should try the mushroom. But everything is cheap and delicious. I came here with a bunch of vegetarians, and they were totally satisfied with the options at their disposal. The scallion pancakes and fried wheat collar are crispy and delicious fried counterpoints to a meal that's otherwise slurped. And the meals over rice are also excellent. It's probably a good guiding principle of life that when someone offers you to add a sausage for $1, that you should add that sausage. Chances are you won't regret it. If you haven't been. Get here now. They have air conditioning and some special cooling desserts just for summer. Be forewarned, it's not a fancy place. But it's perfectly serviceable. And even better, it has a private parking lot.
My week wont be complete without having my taiwan noodle fix!!! Me and my fiance are from Saratoga county,but its worth the drive!!! Service is great!! Cheap food!!!Bubble tea and fruit with tapioca now available!!- perfect for summer!!!
Finally...an authentic Chinese/Taiwanese restaurant in the Capital Region. The food was fantastic and tasted very fresh. Wait staff was attentive to our needs and frequently came by to check on us and remove dirty dishes. Prices were very reasonable with nothing really above $10. I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area.
Just had an AWESOME first meal at Taiwan Noodle.  We ordered two items from the dim sum menu and two entrees, which was more than enough food for two medium sized eaters, and the bill was under $25 (before tip). The meal started with a complimentary soup.  We couldn't quite tell if the server said it was rye soup or rice soup--or maybe something else entirely.  Whatever it was, was yummy.  The soup had neither rice nor rye, but a nice warm broth with seaweed and maybe a mushroom of some sort?   The pork and leek dumplings were juicy and flavorful, and the shrimp shumai was the best I've had in Albany--delicate and full of shrimpy goodness. For entrees we chose the House Lo Mein,  and Chicken with Black Fungus Rice Basket.  The Lo Mein came with mushrooms, stewed beef chuck, hard boiled egg, and a pork chop.  Delicious.  All the toppings were perfectly cooked, and the noodles tasted fresh and al dente. The chicken entree was equally good.  The rice was steamed with scallions and ginger which permeated the flavor of the dish.  The chicken was moist and flavorful and the velvety black fungus added texture and depth of flavor to this attractive dish. The service was efficient and friendly.  We were in and out within an hour.   I'm withholding the fifth star for lack of ambience.  Taiwan Noodle is neat and clean, and a step up from many of the true dives on Central Avenue, but there's nothing--save the requisite gold, lucky, waiving, cat in the front window, and some nice bamboo serving trays--that gives this place style.
The stewed beef chuck noodles lived up to its name. For $5.95, I was quite satisfied and definitely would return again and again if this wasn't too far out of my way. I asked for a side of chili sauce and that made the noodles even more delicious. The spicy noodles, albeit being under the noodle soup section, was a dry noodle dish! I wish they had told me. It was like Chinese spaghetti with minced pork. Spicy but also greasy. Not my favorite dish. I'd ordered another noodle soup bowl if I had known this wasn't it. The pork & leek dumplings weren't that enjoyable. I didn't get the hype for this one. The dough was not fully cooked and tasted hard and chewy. The pork wasn't especially savory either. Thumbs down. The best part about Taiwan Noodle? The meal plus tax and tips was under $20!! I can't remember the last time I sat down for food with an appetizer for less than $10 each. Maybe back in high school when I didn't even have the money to sit down at a restaurant. Amazing.
Seriously one of my favorite places for authentic Chinese food in the area. They have some authentic hand-pulled noodles in an amazing beef broth. I keep going back to the stewed beef chuck noodle soup -- it's pictured on their menu. It's absolutely delicious and at an extremely low price. After moving to Albany from NYC, I was having a hard time finding good Chinese food, rather than eating the same generic take out. After discovering Taiwan Noodle on alloveralbany.com, I felt that I needed to try it. The rice dishes are okay, but I wasn't overly impressed with them. I think they could add a bit more flavor, or maybe marinate some of their meats for longer for the rice, but their noodles really are the star of their restaurants. They have dimsum as well, but I haven't tried it just yet. I would definitely recommend this for anyone who wants a hearty meal, especially on a cold, Albany winter day.  My only complaint is that they don't deliver! If they did, I truly believe that they would have even more business.
Have you had the stewed beef chuck noodle here? Because if you haven't, you're kinda missing out (in Albany). 3.5 stars, largely for the stewed beef chuck noodle. The beef is tender, juicy, and served in large chunks, and if you're lucky, may have bits of tendon attached to it in all its chewy gloriousness. The broth is decent, although I think it could take some more heat. There're little bits of bok choy in the noodle soup (more please?) and the noodles are cooked to a consistency that's chewy and not too stiff or mushy. I wouldn't mind it being even chewier, but it's quite enjoyable as is. The seaweed knot with garlic and the five spiced pork ear are solid choices. The seaweed knot is mild in flavor and served in a condensed soy sauce paste. The pork ear tastes close to what you might find in Taiwan, which is served chilled and tossed in a spicy oil sauce. I like the wood ear as well, a wrinkly black mushroom dish that like the pork ear, has a bouncy texture. The preserved cabbage is just average (chilled and just a tad bit spicy). They serve hot soy milk! It comes in a bowl and is drank much like a soup. I do recommend forgoing the spicy noodle with meat (jah jiang mien), which should be served with a dark colored bean sauce with ground meats or finely chopped meat. Instead, it is served in an orange sauce that doesn't have the bean-like consistency, the depth of flavor, or the sophistication of preparation as should be expected. I highly recommend the stewed beef noodle should it be your first visit.
I had the famous beef chuck soup with the noodles, soup dumplings, and spicy wantons. I was quite happy, because I was a bit sick, and the soup helped alot.
Delicious ramen. Check. Bring your own wine bottle. Check. Friendly service. Check. Inexpensive menu. Check. Leftovers that get better after a night out. Check. This is turning into my favorite winter spot in Albany.
I read about this place on Yelp so I went to give it a try. The place has its own parking lot which is a definite plus! The inside is clean and renovated with about 10-15 tables. Service was friendly and quick. I got the stewed beef chuck noodle soup with homemade noodles. This dish was awesome. It was filling and had so much flavor. The homemade noodles were an amazing touch. I've also had the spicy chicken wing noodle soup which was also good. The chicken wings are fried and come on a separate plate so they don't get soggy. I haven't tried anything besides the noodle soups but at this rate, I don't even see the need to. They are a complete meal at a great price. I also tried the mango bubble tea which was very good. It came in a cute mason jar and only cost $3.25. Great addition to the Albany area!
This place is the best cure for a bad day. Friendly service, busy but can always get a table, and seriously the best noodle soup in Albany. I have brought many friends here, all of whom ask if we can go back! I usually play it pretty safe with either a chicken cutlet or chicken wing soup with house noodles. It's also an EXCELLENT value, definitely worth the price of around 6-7 dollars for a huge bowl.
I am amazed to find an authentic noodle restaurant in Albany! The noodles are very chewy; the soup base is good; the red beef is chewy and marinated very well; the vegetables are cooked just right! I saw their walls had a lot of official newspaper reviews. People must try the noodle soup in here!
the cold soybean milk is really good, especially for me after i drove for 3 hours. but the food in this restaurant is not good as i thought as in a Taiwanese restaurant. the Lurou rice i ordered is completely different from my experience! and hard to eat! but other food seemed good.
Two or Three days ago I have enjoyed an amazing dinner there.  The tasting menu was delicious also the services and all staffs , everyone made  me feel very special. Thank you to all for making my experience memorable.  If you are looking for perfection I can say that you have found a right place here.
I'm Taiwanese and from LA soooooo... I've had good taiwanese food in my lifetime. Taiwan Noodle is a welcome addition to the Albany area. The food is tasty, affordable, with good overall portions. The biggest downsides are the recent price increase and the amount of filler (rice or noodles) and less meat in their dishes, it still hits the spot when I have a craving. My favorite dishes are the scallion pancakes and their beef stew noodle soup or fried pork cutlet noodle soup. It may not be the best value I've ever had, but given the asian food environment in Albany, it is one of the best places around here.
The kindest service. The best in fresh. It's a simple space in the inside, but welcoming and bright. Nice tea to get things going. Order a ton of aps because they are so inexpensive 2.95 - 6. I love the dumpling and wantons. My goodness. I think I could go and eat pan fried dumplings until I burst. For my meal, I really love the spicy noodle with beef. I have had the generic general tso and sesame chicken, both are very good and different from anywhere else you get them. I always get the noodle, not the rice. I love this place. The service is so good, they make you feel like the really are happy you are there. They are quick and helpful. And the food is amazing. Add on how inexpensive it is and its a win win. I love telling people about this place. A must try if you live in the 518.
Great place for cheap, tasty food. I'll be back
Just excellent. Taiwan Noodle has, hands down, the best dim sum I have ever eaten. Everytime, my husband and I dine in at Taiwan Noodle, we usually end up ordering at least 6-7 different items off the menu and share everything. There's something about their dim sum. The wait staff always mentions it takes about 15 minutes to cook, not like the dim sum that's rolled in the push carts. It's so worth the wait! I love their spicy wontons. The texture of the wonton wrapper is silky and the dried chili pepper flakes give the wontons a kick. Their pork bun is also delicious. I love that when you bite into the pork bun, a pocket of soup spills into your mouth. It's a surprise packed with flavor. I love that their servers bring and explain each of the different sauces for each dish. If you go to Taiwan Noodle, you have to order the steamed rice in bamboo dishes. We've tried the spareribs with chinese sausage and also ginger chicken with chinese sausage. I preferred the ginger chicken over the spareribs as you have different proteins. Both are spectacular. There's something about the silkiness of the meat and the rice. Chinese sausage is always a treat, just like bacon. ;) What I love most about this dish is just the aroma of the banana leaf and the silkiness it adds to the entire dish. Yum! Yum! Yum!
I did not expect this in Albany. I'm a city girl, and simply accepted all my uneducated notions about the type of place Albany would be, aka a city of no asians and no asian food. But Taiwan Noodle not only surprised me by simply being there, it's also cheap and fairly authentic. For $20 my friend and I had spicy wontons, the stewed beef chuck soup noodles, and the pork loaf with salted egg. Wontons were well formed (plenty of meat, nicely thin skin) and well seasoned (savory pork and just the right kick of spiciness). Same with the stewed beef chuck soup noodles. The regular noodles were cooked to perfection and they gave you plenty of it. Also, the beef chuck was clearly simmered for a long time with meat just at the point of falling apart with a gentle prod. However, the star of this show was the pork loaf with salted egg. First of all, as a native Los Angelean, I've eaten at at lot of Chinese restaurants and I don't see this dish come up that often. In fact, I've mostly experienced it at a place I like to call "my mom's kitchen'", so this dish was a real treat. A nice steamed pork loaf served over rice with a salted egg on the side and soy sauce to splash over all of it, this dish was as authentic as it gets -- a must order. Also, our server, despite having pretty limited Chinese. was extremely polite and attentive, something that is NOT typical of most authentic restaurants. This great addition to the Albany food scene gets stars all over.
Try the House Style noodle soup. It is really good with meats, vegetable, Shitake mushroom and five-spiced egg. Great combination, and you won't be disappointed.
If you like authentic Taiwanese food, this is it. Everything is fresh and tasty.  They have ordinary dishes and some for those with more exotic tastes like pig ears and tripe.  Service is prompt and courteous.
The stewed beef chuck here has been consistently excellent the last several times that I've gone, to the point that it's pretty much the only thing that I order now. The broth is rich and, while it looks oily, doesn't come off as greasy at all. It may look rather underwhelming at first since it comes in a relatively small bowl, but they make sure to really stuff it with noodles and meat rather than just soup. While their noodle-soup items are great, the rest of the menu is a bit disappointing which is why this is a 4 star rating. Whenever we go here, we usually have an order of noodles per person, and about two other dishes per three people. Over the last few visits, we've tried various dumplings and appetizers and none of them have been very good. While the appetizers at least appear to be made to order, the dumplings really do seem like they just buy them frozen at the market. The only difference that I can tell so far is that they appear to steam the dumplings rather than microwave them (as they usually take about 15 minutes to be served). Although Taiwain Noodle excels at making soup + noodle combinations, these type of dishes are really meant to be served with a couple extra items (which is further encouraged by the low prices). With regards to the restaurant itself, the staff is pretty quiet and efficient. They speak English very well so you shouldn't have any trouble ordering. The place is setup with many tables for 4 and 2. Because of the layout of the building, I think it'd be quite difficult to have a large group seated together, but there's a surprisingly large amount of space so I may be wrong. I will note that this place has its own parking, which makes it one of the most convenient places to eat at in this part of Albany.
I can't think of a bad thing to nitpick about! Helpful service, didn't kick us out and was patient was us even after pass closing time at 10 pm. cute small treasurer with simplistic menu that is spot on. Good portion for a great price! Delicious noodle soups, especially the house special one I tried. Clean environment, fast and friendly service, taste like home cooked food for an affordable price!
Fresh and delicious food served by fast and friendly staff. Clean, bright, and spacious environment with easy parking in their parking lot, right on Central Ave in Albany. All for extremely low prices. You will be shocked by the bill every time, in a good way. $4.95 for a huge bowl of delicious and spicy noodles. $2.95 for 4 amazing pan fried dumplings. I highly recommend spicy noodle with meat for your first visit. Start out with some fried dumplings or scallion pancake, too. Their tea is very tasty and complementary. Every time I order to go they give me some tea if I get there early while I wait for the food. I really don't know how they keep their prices so low. Delicious food, super cheap. You must tell your friends or take them with you.
Strong portions of great tasting, traditional (to my knowledge) food for very low prices.    Don't come to Taiwan Noodle looking for General Tso's Chicken. This is a place to get tasty noodles and other Taiwanese/Chinese dishes.   I've been here several times with or without Chinese friends and had a good time. I mention this because sometimes restaurants with more traditional cuisines can be intimidating or difficult to navigate. You won't have this issue.    Try the steamed pork buns and shrimp dumplings from the "dim sum" section. If you get noodle soup (what I always get), ask for some hot sauce on the side - so tasty!    Also, I love the tea they serve!
Cheap food for college kids and 20-year-olds without much money.  The prices are very reasonable and it shows in the quality.   It's usually a good sign when lots of Asians are at an Asian restaurant, but an exception should be noted when they're all young Asians. 90% of the food tastes like Asian supermarket frozen food.  I know because I often buy these foods at Asian food marts in the Albany area.  I ordered and shared the stewed beef noodle, a pork and sausage dish and several dim sum items off the menu.  The beef noodle dish was the only acceptable dish and the rest were sub-par.  I ordered a coke which was served with a can and straw and no glass with ice. The place was cold with a barely adequate space heater up front to prevent frost bite. I have no interest in returning and would only recommend getting the noodle soup dishes if you insist on seeing for yourself.  However, I do recognize that many people enjoy low quality fried/steamed Chinese food, so they may find value in the other items on the menu. Taiwan Noodle is a few blocks from the hardcore ghetto residential areas so lock your doors and don't leave any bags on your seat to avoid smash and grab theft.  There's parking for the restaurant at night and street parking available.
This is a great spot for cheap, WELL MADE soups and snacks. It's like being able to get quality street food, right here in Albany. Soups are about $5. There are also meals over rice or noodles for about the same price. If you go with a group, you'll be hard pressed to spend over $10 including tax & tip. Friendly to a variety of people - large families? No problem! Students? Come on in!
My family and I stopped by for a quick dinner.  Our hopes were not high for an authentic meal as this is Albany, but we were surprised! We ordered a couple of appetizers, fried pork chop noodle soup, and noodles with spicy meat sauce (known as "jah jang men", but the menu won't say that in English). The noodle soup broth was mild and tasty, topped with several fried pork chops.  The spicy meat sauce is a bit spicier than I would have expected (I liked it). But what struck me right away was that the noodles were fresh!  They did not use boiled dry noodles as most nearby restaurants do.  That's impressive.  As I sat there, I was imagining I was eating a bowl of noodles at a street stand at the night market in Taiwan (or substitute any other street market food vendors in Asia).  Very basic and wholesome. And what's the price for this wholesomeness?  Every bowl of noodle is less than $5, appetizers even less. Our family's dinner check came out to $17.  Now, that's authentic chinatown prices! The decor is minimal, but bright and clean, and reminiscent of similar restaurants in chinatown and elsewhere.  It is certainly an uplift for the area, though. The over-attentive staff seemed a little inexperienced and chaotic, but extremely friendly.  I would expect things to settle when the place gets busier, as it has only been open a little over 3 weeks as of this writing. Better enjoy before this becomes a favorite college hangout.
I've been there to have meal several times, and I really love there!!! Especially the Stewed Beef Chuck, Shrimp Dumpling and Preserved Cabbage! They are awesome!!! Very recommend to you guys! The service there was also wonderful! The price is more affordable compare to other Chinese restaurant!
I love this place! I've lived in Albany for a year and this is the best restaurant I've found. Not only are the prices affordable (Almost all under $5), but the food is delicious. Good and authentic food like this is very difficult to find and once you find it, HOLD ON TO IT. I usually order the stewed beef noodle soup, little pork soup dumplings, and sometimes the shrimp dumplings. I've also had the pork chop noodles, chicken wing noodles, general Tso's chicken plate, pork chop plate, and many of their other items. As someone who grew up with authentic food and knows how to make it, I highly recommend this place. And the service/atmosphere is so nice! It makes you feel like you're part of a secret circle only a few people know about.
Bottom line: cheap and good, reminds me of Singapore. It tries to create a little touch of Asian ambiance by faux bamboo decor and thick black mugs of mildly hot tea but that doesn't matter: the noodles, the soup, and the noodle in the soup really, really shine. At around $5 a bowl, the chuck beef broth was swirling with bits of meat indicating it was definitely home cooked. The chunks of meat themselves were savory and tender. The host said the noodles were freshly made and it had just the right bite. It was one of those bowls that you end the meal with a feeling of satisfaction deeply rooted in your stomach. My buddy had the dry noodles that looked very similar to dishes I've seen whipped up at a Hawker center in Singapore but it wasn't quite his cup of tea. He did come away with a strong desire to return during the work week. We also had a the fried pork buns and the har gao (shrimp dumpling). My gut feel is that I wouldn't come here for the dim sum. It is a nice addition but the timing was all wrong and the two appetizers/dim sum came out way after the bowls of noodles came out. The har gao was standard fare but it appeared steamed fresh. The fried pork buns were of the minced meat ball type (not the small slab of char sieu) but was very interesting. If it was stuffed with hot soupy broth it would have rivaled dumplings like I had in Beijing. The service was efficient and very pleasant. Our waitress had that characteristic Asian shyness and everyone aimed to please. The building and atmosphere aren't that great but at 11 on Sunday there was plenty of street parking and there is a private lot next door for during the week. So it has the very close potential of being great but flails in the presentation and timing department. The very large variety of noodle soup is the star at this place and I hope it continues to rise.
Stopped into this new place on Central Ave today.  First saw it a couple of days ago when I went to Shining Rainbow which is pretty much across the street.   This is a Taiwanese Noodle house, as the name indicates.  A very nice addition to the Albany NY area.   Menu consists of Dim Sum (appitizer), Noodle Soups, and various meats and or veggies over rice.  There are a nice selection of choices for noodles, rice noodles, mung bean noodles (which they call Vermicelli) and chow fun noodles.  Just go check it out on their website. I had the pork and leek dumplings, shrimp dumplings,  shrimp shu mai, and spicy wontons.  All excellent.  My main dish was the pig feet noodle soup with regular noodles  and my lady friend had the stew beef chuck noodle soup with the rice noodle.  My noodle was much better than I had expected I can get here in Albany... it was as if I was in one of the good chinese places in one of the larger metropolitan area (eg.  New York,  San Francisco, Los Angeles area)    Tender noodles but with good texture.  Pig's feet (if you appreciate that sort of thing) is properly cooked and spiced.   I tried a piece of the beef and it was properly cooked with a nice beefy flavor.  Broth was good too.  Some bok choy was included in the noodle. Nice decor and pleasant atmosphere. There is a faint smell of fresh paint.  Bathroom was clean. Service was excellent but this was around 4:30pm and there wasn't any other customer around (the place is new... not sure the word got out yet)  Attentive, complimentary oolong tea (the tea type is a guess on my part) refilled several times.  Plates switches out between courses for clean plates.  Ask multiple times how things were and did we like the food (we did).  Price is very reasonable.. almost all noodle soups are $4.95 which is very reasonably priced for this area.   Total bill was around $25 before tip and we were both stuffed.   I will be back and often to try their other noodle soups and other stuff..
I asked for the best soup noodle choice and was immediately directed to the dish on the cover of the menu: C1, Stewed Beef Chuck. The meat was plentiful and tender, there was fresh bok choy, the noodles were cooked just right, but there wasn't enough flavor to the broth. It needed some beef bones, a couple chunks of star anise, reduction, longer cooking or all the above. I suspect they use the same stock for all their noodle soups and intentionally keep it mild and neutral. Since many of the same items are available served over rice, that's where I'll go next time. However, the cold A7 Spicy Pork Stomach appetizer was really excellent. Generous amounts of tender and well seasoned (not overly spicy) meat served atop warm roasted peanuts. (See my blurry photo).  It's undeniably stomach by its appearance and texture, but I bet even non-offal lovers would be comfortable with this dish. I give it a 4, the soup a 3, but I'm adding the bump because of the good value and overall good vibe of Taiwan Noodle. This is the kind of place we need around here and it was attracting a good lunch crowd. By the way, for your JJM lovers out there, I confirmed that #C14, Spicy Noodle with Meat, is indeed Ja Jang Mien. When I said I needed something to spice up my stock they brought a little dish of what tasted like JJM sauce. The space is nicely modern, not funky like some hole-in-the-wall Chinese place, and there's free parking next door. Closed Tuesday.
I should have listened to the last review I read on here by Allison L. The food was "tasty-less". I can see how they keep costs down. I tried the Scallion pancake it had no scallions in it and the fried gluten (had better fried dough at the fair). The noodle soup I ordered was the stewed Beef Chuck and I also had tasted better in albany at the noodle place (forget the name) which is now closed and a pot international restaurant. The tea was weak and I hope it was free and I asked for coconut drink which I do not think they carry and the kind man misunderstood me and got me a can of coke and popped the tab before I could correct him. I liked the decor and the recessed ceiling lights and lime green and yellow colors also plenty of space but not my cup of tea.
Wow, am I full!   Just came back from lunch with 2 companions and it was fantastic.  We ordered 6 dim sum/appetizers, 2 bowls of noodle soups and a fried rice plate.  My companions and I are above average eaters and there was still enough left over for me to make another meal for myself.  The bill only came to $38.   What a bargain.  Let's start off by saying I have owned and operated Chinese, Japanese and American restaurants in the Capital District all my life, I tend to be more critical than your Average Joe.   5 Star Items - Fresh made noodles, Stewed Beef, Baby Bok Choi, Shrimp Dumpling,  Pork and leek dumpling, Hot soy milk, Pan fried dumpling, Stewed pork belly, the cleanness & casualness of the restaurant & decor and the service provided by the owner, Wing. 4 Star Items - Garlic chicken wings, Steamed tiny pork bun, veggie dumplings, Scallion pancakes (can use a bit more scallions) and pan seared pork chops (it is listed as fried on the menu). 3 Stars -  The service by a new waitress.  It is obvious that she is new to the menu and maybe even new to the restaurant business.  Hopefully with more familiarity and experience, she will improve.  The owner's attention to details and service does compensate for her.   2 stars - fried rice.  It was dry and tasteless.  Fresher rice, scallions, egg and a bit more soy sauce would have helped. The waitress made a mistake and gave us a veggie dumpling instead of the pork and leek dumpling.  The owner, Wing,  didn't charge us for either items.  That is why the bill was so cheap.  We only paid for 4 appetizers and even if we had to pay for all of it, it was still a great deal. I will be back for sure.  Lower Central Avenue is now home to three of my favorite Asian restaurants and is quickly becoming an Asian enclave.  Shining Rainbow (real Cantonese cuisine), Van's (real Vietnamese) and Taiwan Noodles.  There will soon be a Malaysian restaurant near the same area (the old CCK Chinese restaurant).  Can't wait to try this! Thank you Wing for bringing a taste of Chinatown noodle shop cuisine to Albany.  Lets support Taiwan Noodle so that it doesn't disappear!!!   Billy Chow
I have a very mixed opinion of my experience here and will have to return to try some additional dishes to form a better conclusion and maybe to better understand Taiwanese cooking. On the positive side, the Shrimp Dumplings (4 for $4.25) and the Pork & Leek Dumplings (4 for $2.95) were excellent and worth returning for.  The shrimp were properly cooked giving a bit of a snap when bitten.  The wrappers on both dumplings were nice and thin.  The pork and leek were very flavorful. I had a much more mixed reaction to my Mixed Mushrooms Soup ($5.95) with my choice of noodles being Chow Fun.  Other noodle options were "noodle, rice noodle, and vermicelli."  The noodles filled 90 percent of the bowl. This left very little room for the broth, which I found bland.  There were three different types of mushrooms and some baby bok choy on top of the noodles.  The enoki and a button type of mushrooms had no flavor, while the large black mushrooms had both good texture and flavor.  I didn't finish the noodles as I ran out of broth and nothing else to flavor them with. A server had brought a smaller bowl of broth to our table even before our appetizers had arrived.  When I asked what it was for, I was told it was broth to put on the rice.  Well, since there was no rice with my meal, but rice was ordered by my dining companion with his Sesame Chicken ($4.95), we concluded that it was for him and not to add to my soup if I needed more broth.  Companion stated his chicken was nice and crispy, but I thought that my taste revealed a soggy coating on the chicken.  In any event, we agreed that it was a plentiful portion for the price. I see that others have been pleased with the one soup with the word "spicy."  I should probably try that one the next time and hope for more flavor.
so first off this place is decent. nice small hole in the wall restaurant. got the beef chuck noodles, scallion pancakes, and shrimp shu mai. the noodles was good but not the best I've had, but it did satisfy my taste buds, the veggies were fresh and beef tasted fresh. the scallion pancakes were OK, tho I think they could have added more scallions to it, I could barely taste the scallion flavor. the shrimp shu mai was......not up to my standards, there was something off about the flavor in it. either way its a good place to dine and cheap the priced was $22 for 2 people. I would definitely go back again.
I love this place.  It serves up legit Taiwanese food.  The soup was great- the broth was light, I prefer it a bit more flavorful but it was still very good.  The noodles were excellent.   The highlight of my meal was the fried pork chop with curry sauce over lo-mein.  It was fantastic.  3 big pork chops fried and slathered in a yellow curry sauce.  I wish it was a little more spicy but really it's just picking nits.  The portions are huge and the prices are great.
I have to say this place is growing on me. I'm not a big soup guy but these are more like full meals than soups.  The soups are massive!!! and really tasty.  The dim sum are really good and the service is excellent. Highly recommend!
Delicious and affordable. After a friend mentioned getting together in Manhattan for some dim sum, I had a craving for it in Albany and found Taiwan Noodle on Yelp. They rightfully deserve 4 1/2 stars or more. It's not a restaurant you'd notice from the road, but they were busy at 8pm on a weekday. Not full, but a half dozen tables who knew we were eating something special. The owner/cashier/waiter sat us immediately and told us about their special which was a shrimp dumpling. He took our drink orders and came back with those, as well as, several suggestions and warm, honest answers to our questions. We ended up ordering two orders of spicy wonton (he was willing to put the chilis on the side for me, but I went for it), an order of the pork and leek dumplings, and an order of general tso's chicken. We also ordered a minced pork and egg noodle soup, but that never made it to the table, so I think he forgot to write it down. I didn't say anything though because we had PLENTY of food and ate every bite. It was delicious. The wontons were so delicate and tasty. The spice was the perfect amount of heat. The dumplings had a nice subtle flavor that helped balance the heat of the spicy wontons. The general tso chicken was the best we've ever had with a delicious sauce that perfectly balanced a sweet honey with chili that hits at the end of the bite. They also brought out a soy hard boiled egg that was good as a free side and a clear soup (comes with the chicken dish) which was pretty normal with a strong sesame oil in it. The staff always had our drinks full and we felt very taken care of. At the end, the biggest shock was the bill -- $18! They could charge twice as much for the same food and we would still love it. Can't wait to go back. My husband works  close by and even joked about eating there again tomorrow for lunch. Great, unsuspecting food, give it a try. :)
On a night when I caught a cold, I needed some soup. Decided to try this place. Ordered their Spicy Noodle with Meat and 2 orders of steamed tiny pork buns. Was a pretty good choice. The soup was delicious, with thick noodles and spicy broth. Plenty of meat. The buns were also delicious; to be fully satisfied with it though you'd need at least 2 orders as they are pretty "tiny" but very juicy and delicious. Prices were good as well.
Bright, clean and friendly place.  The food is inexpensive and good.  Quite an enjoyable place for lunch.  Preserved cabbage, house soup with all sorts of authentic ingredients and choice of noodles, spicy wonton/dumplings with very good flavor, all very nice. Lively but not overwhelming atmosphere. Good service, enthusiastic and house-proud. Warm and well attended by locals. Recommend.  Go, enjoy a nice Taiwanese meal.
The only noodle shop I have seen in this area. Only spent 19.20 for three appetizers and two bowls! The pancakes are great. Noodles were filling and the broth was flavorful. The owner and waitstaff were attentive and helpful. I will be going back... It will make the frigid Capital winters a tad better!
I wish this place existed when I was in college. The pricing is great and the food is incredible. Spicy meat noodle soup - great flavor. Not incredibly spicy if you're a spice hound, but just overall great flavor. The broth is served to the side in this soup and I haven't seen it served to the side in any other soup. Dim sum was good but not the best I ever had. Still extremely affordable. Totally hits the spot on a rainy day - or any day.
holy MSG bomb! I really wish I liked it more because the service was EXCELLENT.  The curry pork chops looked excellent, and if I ever return in a drunken stupor I will be all over them..however a return will be a drunk decision. The shrimp shumai were recommended by the waiter and I found them to be a little too fishy and texturally off.  I had the spicy noodle with meat and it was like ultra-sugary chili loaded with MSG.  It was just not very good.  My cousin had the beef chuck stew and it was a little too exotic for me..tasted like a lot of 5 spice powder and tea with soggy fatty meat.  maybe I just don't have the palate for it, I don't know.  The 5 spice egg was pretty good, as was the spicy wonton.  We also had the wood ear mushroom appetizer which I liked, but was ill received by my dining partners.  I eat a lot of Chinese food in Chinatown and I found the food sub-par; although again the service was the best I have had locally at a Chinese spot. If I eat there again I will specifically ask for them to lay off the MSG as it was an umami bomb in a bad way.  And the pork chops did look bad in a good way.
Excellent Taiwanese place.  Great Hong xiao niu rou mien.  Kinda a mix of Taiwanese food and Hong Kong food.  Also if you like the pig ear, that's great.  They have a version of Liang pi there that is decent and a little spicy, but what's the best there are all their rice dishes all for only $4.95.  The curry pork chops are great.  You get 2 pork chops with a ton of rice with curry.  Excellent. The curry chicken wings is also great. Get it with the white rice.  I couldn't get a better deal than this even in Los Angeles.  2 people could easily be full under $15 after tax and tip.   Their menu also has dimsum items, but I'm not too sure I want to try it there.  I'm pretty picky with my dimsum quaility.  But I can say with certainty their rice and noodle dishes are great and you can't get food cheaper than this.  Honestly, I don't know how they stay in business at these prices. Just moved to Albany and have already gone 2 times.
Cheap and delicious. As a Taiwanese. I would say the noodles are pretty authentic. But, I think the portion is smaller than regular Chinese take-out. I need to order two dishes to get full.
Cheap price under $10 where you can get a big bowl of nice noodles.
Scallion pancake is a must!!! Cheap and delicious foods. They just open for two months,methinks. Their general tsao chicken is different than those of American-Chinese restaurants but I am not too impressed either but beef stew noodle is tasty. I went back to back for two days in a row for lunch and that's how tasty they were. The staffs were friendly and attentive. Their soy milk and fried dough was great too.
OHH YAA.  This place is awesome. Homemade noodles with a beautiful chew, fresh flavors, great balance.   The ridiculous portions are served lighting fast by incredibly attentive but not pushy staff.   Caution: Everything here is served piping hot.  The huge tea mugs are a blast. It's also dirt cheap.  We are talking like 5 bucks for a bowl of noodles the size of your head!  This would be the best possible type of food to eat on a cold and rainy day. Bottom line: This is a non pretentious straight up Chinatown style Noodlehouse where you can slurp scalding hot noodles till you pass out.   I will take spicy meat noodles for the win!
I have been very pleased with each experience I have had here.  Every dish has been delicious and they are very prompt when it comes to having your food ready for pickup (they do not deliver and, frankly, I don't blame them).  I have never visited Asia, but from my experiences domestically the dishes here seem authentic - certainly less Americanized than a takeout shop (which this place isn't, it has a lot of nice tables).  The restaurant is clean, spacious and modern and the staff are gracious and friendly.  They are also thoughtful.  For example, when I last placed an order I had asked about the type of meat in a spicy soup dish.  It wasn't what I wanted so I picked another soup.  Upon pickup, the host told me he had put a side of chili paste in my order for free so that I could spice up my dish.  Nicely done.  4 stars on the overall spectrum of restaurants, 5 stars for an inexpensive noodle house.  Come check them out.   As a side note, they have a parking lot, which is very convenient.
Tried out the spicy noodle soup with meat. For 6.00 you can't beat the quantity or quality. Worth the trip.
"Central Slurping" by Josh K. When it comes to good food, the Albany strip of Central Avenue wins for "Best Street" in the Capital Region.  Between Mamoun's, Aashiana, Shining Rainbow, Vans, CCK, Lazeez, Gandhi, Ichiban, Salsa Latina, Casa Dominica, SukhoThai, Van's, and now Taiwan Noodle among many others, I can't think of a better place to go outside of Queens for a great selection of yummy, authentic, cheap and home-style ethnic food crammed together in such a small area. Taiwan Noodle, the latest Asian joint on the block, just further emphasizes my point. Here, one can order cheap but filling noodle soups, dumplings, or rice plates.  Except for my beloved and often maligned "stinky tofu", this is the best of Taipei's Night Market Street Stall selections offered in Albany, NY for a very reasonable price.   Among some of the items I remember from the classic Taipei food stalls include: stewed pig's feet and pork belly, wood ear, soy or garlic chicken wings, and fried wontons. But nothing beats settling down to a steaming bowl of noodles on a cold, winter afternoon. Today, I opted for the minced pork and egg noodle soup ($4.95).  The soup came out piping hot, with two hardboiled eggs, a load of spiced, minced pork meat, some fresh, baby bok choy, and the classic Taiwanese long and soft yellow noodles made from I believe, wheat and egg. On first taste, the broth appeared light, perhaps too mild.  But as I slurped it up again, the flavors began to meld, and the spice from the meat settled into the broth so that as I ate, the soup grew richer and more complex in flavor with each sip. Usually, I become sadly nostalgic and bitterly comparative when eating foods that remind me of my travels in the actual locations.  Not here, the flavors and spices instantly transported me back to North East Asia.  At Taiwan Noodle, I am relieved to know that instead of taking an 18 hour plane ride, I can simply just drive up Central Ave anytime to relive some of my culinary adventures in Taiwan. The friendly owner told me that I should come next week to try the "Chef Special" soup of Pork with pickled or salted vegetables as well as their homemade open faced dumplings called "Shu Mai", which according to the owner, are a NYC Chinatown Taiwanese favorite. With complimentary Jasmine tea, I had a very casual, relaxing, and fulfilling weekday lunch. Taiwan Noodle will easily become my regular noodle shop.
Good food, quick service, excellent prices. The noodle soups are delicious -- I particularly like the spicy noodle as well as the wonton -- as are the scallion pancakes. Parking too!
I've been to this place more than any other in Albany at this point. Stewed beef chuck rice noodle soup is where it's at. The mixed mushroom as also glorious - the shiitakes are so incredibly flavorful. And for 5 bucks too boot, yes please! Service is nothing to be desire, but for these noodles, I'll look that over.
I've been here twice with my wife and have been disappointed both times. While the service and atmosphere are pretty decent, the Dim Sum was probably the best thing on the menu. It's really a shame as the owner is truly a nice fellow and the restaurant's service is quite good with a friendly atmosphere. I wish him luck in the future, but we won't be returning.
i like this noodle restaurant. their noodle is not pricy at all, 5 bucks and their dim sun is also great! nice place, great service. i just saw a previous review said their food is "tasteless", cuz their food are asian food and we do not like too much salt!!
Great casual place to go too to get some awesome appetizers. Not a big fan of their noodle soup although the broth is flavorful. I'm a big fan of their scallion pancakes and fried gluten as well as their shu-mai. Staff is kinda forgetful in terms of getting you straws or a bottle of soy sauce etc., but other than that, the food is definitely great and the best part about this place is their prices. I've been there a few times and plan to go back there again.
Went there with two friends after reading the reviews on Yelp. Their veggie dumplings is what brought me here because I do not get to have them often. I have to say I will keep coming back for them. Really decent decor and ambience. Cheap good quality food. Great service. Complimentary hot tea while you order. The fact that they packed my leftover mixed mushroom soup in a plastic container than styrofoam one did stand out for me. I took a picture of the soup and sent it to a friend. His response: It looks like a work of art. Conclusion: Great value for money place. You won't spend more than $10 a person on dumplings and noodle soup or rice bowl.
Service was attentive and friendly. So I kinda feel bad giving it 2 stars, but food was just terrible. I don't know; I mean, it was my first time trying Taiwanese food. May be that was it. Perhaps my tastebuds need to get used to the flavor..? Hmm.
First, not really Taiwanese.  owner went to Taiwan for college , and chef worked in a Taiwan restaurant .... Therefore not taiwanese cuisine !  we were pretty disappointed ! we really wanted to like this place since there is no Taiwanese restaurants around here in the Albany area , but this place was terrible . As soon as we walked in, we were told the soy milk (hot or cold) and fried wheat collar (yeu tiao ?) were not on menu but they were home made .  of course we had to try them.  NOT HOME MADE !!! i asked for another dish that was a very common street food in taiwanese cuisine to see if they had it..... The waiter had no clue !  the few dishes we ordered did not resemble anything taiwanese cuisine....pork w noodles ...pork is usually fried. Ours were not. My noodles w spicy pork was just spicy and flavor was not there .  my son ordered sesame chicken over rice taiwanese style .... Not ! cantonese style ! because they are from Hong Kong .   I feel cheated .  i will not go back again .  if you are looking for cheap food and don't care for authenticity ...then i guess this place will do.
Delicious hot food and the best service.
Probably one of the cheapest sit down restaurant you can find in the area. Their food is eatable but you'd realize their price reflect the cost of ingredients.
I was there the other day with my daughter. The food is inexpensive and absolutely delicious! Reminds me of the dim sum restaurants in NYC. I highly recommend it. I will definitely be back!
Dim sum was excellent (steamed pork bun and pork and leak dumpling) and so were our entrees (chuck beef noodle soup and ribs with preserved veggies). I definitely plan on going back!
I'm not Taiwanese so I don't know if the restaurant is authentic. I'm from the far north of China, so my review may only fits those from the same region as I am. Taiwan Noodle is my favorite restaurant now, and the best noodles in Albany.
I would like to rate this place 4.5/5.0. We have been going there recently for all the wonderful offerings on their Menu. It is pretty extensive, given that the place is in Albany. The service is outstanding, most servers are not too fluent with English, but, they try. Hospitality is truly Eastern. The owner is very friendly. Dress code is very casual. You always see students rolling around and sitting in large groups. Not the best place to take your date, but if you can get over the casual, loud, atmosphere, this is the place for you. The food is extremely affordable but is not compromised on quality. It is served very quickly and at the right temperature. Be sure to ask for a straw for your water/soda, but don't let it deter you from the experience. Our favorite food here is the Scallion pancakes, and last time, we tried Fried Gluten and it is just outstanding. The name of the place is Taiwan "Noodles" but we were not too big on the Noodles when we ordered them. Don't get me wrong, the broth is very good, but somehow the Noodles weren't our favorite, although, everyone else seemed to enjoy them. The soup is very nice, and the broth is flavorful. The fried chicken is not same as the one you would think at Popeye's / KFC. It is the Taiwanese version and it damn right, tastes like it. Very crispy, piping hot out the fryer and amazingly tasty. Parking could be a little problem sometime, but it's not too bad. You can park in the lot right next to the place. Seating is a little tight, but again, the place is nice and clean. Not too fancy, but not shabby at all. Definitely better than most of the cheap "to-go" chinese places you would go to, where you just point at pictures. Overall, we will keep going there over and over again and try most of the things on their menu. Hope you can make this trip there soon - before it goes downhill or they jack up the prices :D We wish the owners the very best - keep up the good work in Albany !
Perfect little spot for Chinatown style noodle soups.  Kinda can't believe how cheap it is.  Very clean, solid execution on the food.  Not gourmet but for the price it's great comfort food.  Get the pork dumplings, pork buns, any of the noodle soups.  The five spice egg was good but needed to steep longer.  Highly recommend for anyone in Albany looking for warm soup or change of pace Chinese.
The price is quite low, and the taste is quite good. It is suitable for taking potluck.
Food is pretty good, but too meat oriented.
noodles are so good! one of my favorite chinese restaurant in albany.
Good food at great price with a (small) parking lot to boot...what's not to like! I would give this place a 4.5/5.0.  The place is clean.  The owner is very friendly with good service mind.  Everything on the menu is less than $5.  Most of the noodle and rice dishes are $4.95, and they are a very good size.  Noodle were freshly made.  I can taste the different right away.  Dumpling were good though not outstanding in my opinion, but the kids love it.  The soup was tasty, and I suspect they don't dose it with too much MSG.  I am allergic to MSG and can typically tell right away.  And, Taiwan Noodle didn't give me the same thirsty/nausea/sleepy feeling I usually get when eating too much MSG. We tried a couple of rice dishes.  They were hit-and-miss.  Sweet and Sour chicken was very crunchy (in a good way) but too sweet.  General Tao's chicken was better.  Though the 2 chicken dishes taste exactly the same with 1 tiny difference.  General Tao's chicken came with a chili pepper sprinkle on the top which actually made it good but too hot for the kids. It is definitely kid friendly place.  We brought the kids along, and, before we knew it, the kid chopsticks and fortune cookies were brought to the table (without having to ask!). I really like the fact that the menu is small.  It's focus on the noodle which they did very well.  They can improve on rice dishes, but I don't go to a restaurant with a "noodle" in its name for rice dishes.  The service staff has to be trained a bit more.  They tried hard, and the service was decent.  But, if all the service staff can be as good (or half as good) as the owner in taking care of his customer, they will be GREAT!
What a wonderful find. This restaurant is easily the best Chinese food joint in Albany. Fantastic service, delicious soups and unbeatable prices make this a personal favorite that I am happy to return to over and over again. Make sure to try everything once because its all good... Well maybe not the pig feet unless your into that.
I went this place before.  When they served Tea,  Centipede was in there!  Then, they felt bad about it, so they gave me Seaweed Knot w. Garlic.  This appetizer was not good.  For Noodle Soup, I think Stewed Pork Belly is the best one.  I'll try to go back this place for better experience.
Good food. Def a hole in the wall type joint. The staff could be nicer.
I ordered pork and scallion dim sum and mixed mushroom noodle soup (rice noddle.) I was so happy to see a clean and well lit seating area when I first walked (I had plan on doing take out since I was alone but changed my mind once I saw how nice it was inside.) I was quickly seated ordered and served some tea. Services was great with the place about half full. My food came quickly within 15 mins. My dim sum were moist and very tasty. My noddle soups was good and hot not over cooked.  The mushrooms were firm to the bite and the rice noddles were excellent.  The broth was light and hot not overly salty. Very nice place with very good food and service. I will be back often!
The noodle is alright. I like the snacks more. Anyway, in a word, the restaurant is ok.
Stopped here on drive from NYC to lake placid, this place was great! Really good beef noodle soup and veggie dumplings for two, dirt cheap, the restaurant is clean and good service, hand made noodles, what more could u ask for!
My husband and I love this place! The food is cheap and excellent. They don't have a ton of menu options, but we like everything we've had there so far. It's a small place and they give you green tea with your meal and the most expensive menu item is about $6. A bowl of soup is a great meal for a single person. We did like their rice dishes too, though they are good with the lo mein as well. Love this place!! Also, their food is far from "tasteless." Everything has a very good flavor.
It's a relief to have affordable, fresh, authentic cuisine with great service in downtown Albany, NY. Tell your friends.
Food was great, service was excellent. Will definitely dine here again.
WOW. I'd heard about this place via Table Hopping in the TU, it came by word of mouth as well from some friends. Went for lunch today, not only were we in and out in about 40 minutes, we left smiling and full. I ordered the Pork Belly Noodles with vermacelli, my friend got regular noodles with the chuck beef. We also shared shrimp dumplings, and pork and leek dumplings. the pork and leek dumpling were great, i wouldnt do the shrimp again.. But the NOOODLES! so so so good, and they cost $4.95????????? Next time i'll probably just do noodles, but man I was blown away. Service was incredible, hot tea flowing the whole time.
Good food and nice service. Free parking
I picked up a take out order from Taiwan Noodle recently and was quite pleased with what I had.  I ordered the fried pork chop noodle soup, spicy meat noodle soup, spicy wonton, and general tso's chicken.  It was a Saturday night and the place was packed with people waiting for tables.  The patrons were almost all Asian with just one or two tables with white people (good sign).  The spicy wonton were very tasty.  They came in a spicy oil loaded with red pepper flakes.  The G.T. chicken was good.  Not super sweet and greasy like your typical ameri-chinese joint.  This was also loaded with red pepper flakes.  The noodle soups, as the name of the restaurant would imply, are the real star.  The broths are delicious, the noodles are home made, and the ingredients are fresh and cooked well.  While I enjoyed the spicy noodle soup, I would opt for something different next time because I wasn't crazy about the fact that it was ground beef.  The fried pork chop noodle soup was great.  Beware that there is some pieces of bone in the pork though ( can be removed easy).  This was a four star experience but I have to bump it to a five because of the prices.  Not one of the items I had was over 5$.  Taiwan Noodle is definitely on my short list for Chinese.
How ever did I miss this place?! It's chilly today, so I was thinking of pho when husband suggested rare lunch date. The restaurant was spare and clean. The prices were more than right. For what I wanted, it more than fits the bill. We were told the menu is changing again next week. Hmm. I'll have to look into it. If they're smart they'll add a Taiwanese version of ramen, b/c it's something Albany lacks. Great find. Is it haute cuisine? No. But I'm looking for cheap Asian-influenced noodles. Yay!
Food there was okay, however the environment was not that welcoming. I've visited Taiwan Noodle several times. The first time I went with a group of four, and they were not that happy when we told them we are splitting the bills and paying with multiple cards. (not exactly sure why because my friends and I do this at other places all the time )  Another time I was there, the line for tip on the bill was filled before giving to us. I always tip decently, so this was just rude. I thought customers have the right to decide the amount to tip based on the service. It was an unpleasant experience. Not going back again.
Wow! This place is the best Taiwanese food I've had in the States, and this means a lot since there is a ubiquitous amount of Taiwanese restaurants in New York City. I am stopping by Albany for a night and looked on Yelp for some decent Chinese food. Taiwan Noodles has four stars so I gave it a try. I am so glad I did! My dad and I ordered the beef noodles and spicy wontons. The beef noodles were authentic with tender beef and flavorful soup. The spicy wontons were super delicious. The spice was spicy but not overwhelming while the wontons had fresh pork filling. I've never had such delicious spicy wontons. To those who live in Albany: please give this place a try! To those who don't live in Albany: try this place anyway!
The steamed pork soup dumplings here are so fantastic I felt like I was back in Shanghai. I can hardly express how good they were and how happy that made me. Seriously, I should have gotten plateful upon plateful and left full and happy. Still, my main lunch dish was overall pretty tasty, even though not as wow-worthy as those luscious dumplings. I ordered the house-style soup special with beef, egg, mushroom pork chop and bok-choy. A huge bowl, overwhelmingly filling and yet somehow, while I can't quite put my finger on it, it wasn't completely satisfying. My boyfriend opted for some kind of Chinese sausage dish that didn't completely do it for me either. Our service was quick and efficient and the restaurant was clean and nicely arranged. If and when I return, I'll go straight to the dim sum menu!
After being in Boston and experiencing their Taiwanese food selection, I was ecstatic to find a Taiwanese joint in the great Capitol city. My friend and I had a small wait before being seated. That's a great sign, right? I accidentally ordered two freshly made soy milks, which wasn't an issue, it ended up being exactly what I needed. Except. I don't like my soy milk too sweet, and soy milk typically come unsweetened, and you add your own sugar. Oh well, it wasn't the end of the world. I was so excited to see Lu rou fan on the menu, minced pork stewed in soy sauce in spices, and I ordered that. We also ordered scallion pancakes for the table, in addition to veggie dumplings. The scallion pancakes tasted like it was deep fried, vs pan fried. It lacked the flakiness that's commonly associated with Chinese scallion pancakes. The dumplings were steamed, but they were nothing out of the ordinary. My friend didn't seem to complain, also because she vegetarian, and she doesn't complain about the dietary decision she made. More vegetarians need to be like her. Finally, my much anticipated lu rou fan came out. Instead of minced pork, it was slabs of pork belly. Not an issue, I live for pork belly. But the problem arises when you bite into the pork belly, the center is white. The fatty part isn't melting off the meat, and it's so bland on the inside. While the exterior is super salty. After reading yelp Reviews about being the best Taiwanese food ever... said yelper needs to check out Boston. Or Atlanta.
Taiwan noodle definitely met my expectations. Food was delicious and service was good. We had the pork & leek dumplings, shrimp shu mai, soup dumplings, beef chuck soup, black bean spare ribs, and pork chop with black bean sauce. I know...lots of food but we were hungry! I definitely loved the beef chuck soup, shu mai, soup dumplings, and black bean spare ribs. I live near LA, so good soup dumplings are hard to come by and these were pretty good. My pork chop was okay, it was just covered with too much black bean sauce. I also had the milk tea boba which was good. Our total bill for everything was $45 considering we ordered a lot! I would definitely come back to this place! :-)
Good place for Taiwanese food.  The spicy wontons, pan fried dumplings and beef noodle soup are excellent.
Food 3.5/5 Price 4/5 Service 4/5 Atmosphere 3.5/5 I must say I have higher standard for Taiwanese food since I grew up in Taiwan. We tried the food on the way to Vermont. We ordered the beef noodles, spicy wontons, shrimp shuma,  fried pork, bubble tea and soy milk. I really like their soy milk. It is the best I've had in East coast. I think it is as good as the one I had in Taiwan. However, bubble tea is a bomb. Try not to order it.  The rest of food is okay. Not surprise good but it is good enough to have Taiwanese food in upstate New York.  I would come back again if I travel around the area.
I wasn't a complete fan. We got the Shrimp Shumai (sp?) Dim Sum, was not digging the taste at all. We both got the Beef Chuck Noodle Soup. The smell threw me off. It smelled sweet, and it was which I wasn't expecting. The broth was pretty good, definitely different. They only had bottled drinks, and tap water. The place got really loud when people started walking in.
A seriously great place to grab food if you want something cheap, consistent, and satisfying. I have been here several times, and they are super consistent with their service and food. I always order the soup dumplings, beef chuck noodle soup, spicy wontons, and Taiwanese fried chicken. The soup dumplings aren't the best I have had, but it's something I crave often and this place satisfies that craving well enough. Their beef chuck noodle soup is wonderful. I love noodles, and theirs are chewy perfection. The beef is always tender and the soup is never greasy or overly salty. Plus it's filling so my boyfriend and I always share it. It's also nice that we don't have to tell them we're going to share it, as they always bring out an extra bowl and spoon with the soup. I like asking for some chilli paste on the side to give it some spiciness. The spicy wontons are also great! They are juicy and succulent and have the right amount of flavoring to them. They always come out too hot for me to handle. The fried chicken is a good starter. It's not greasy at all! They're super tender and aren't  too salty with light seasoning. I don't think I have ever stayed here for more than 50 min or waited for my food for more than 15 min. And I've been here plenty haha. The service is always attentive. Definitely a go-to of mine if I can't decide what to eat! Cheap, fast, and awesome food!
I'm from Taiwan. This place is not very authentic. For instance, 鹽酥雞 salt and pepper chicken had dried oregano sprinkled all over instead of fried basil.  We ordered beef soup noodle and that disappointed as well. Not sure how this place ever received the 4 stars but we were not impressed. The staff is very friendly and accommodating.
good for groups. Not as good as the Taiwanese joints in LA, but good enough as an affordable option for dinner. Our meal was kind of bland, but good in quality and texture. 1. Soup dumpling- one of the better ones we've had. Good meat:outer skin:soup ratio. 2. Beef noodle soup- The noodle was al dente, the beef was mostly great except for a couple chewy pieces, and loved that they put bok choy in it. 3. Chicken and taiwanese sausage w rice- chicken was tender. I've had better sausage. 4. Liked the homemade feel of the chicken soup that came w our meals
The food was nice and hot, tasty and priced perfectly. The selection on the menu is excellent. It describes the food well. I ordered the pork loaf over rice and the pork and leek dim sum to go. I however found out that they gave me the wrong order when I got to where I was going to eat it. I walked back and got the correct order after a small dispute from the staff because they insisted that I ordered pork with pickled cabbage. I left without even an apology. If the food wasn't so delicious I would have given this place zero stars for their abysmal customer service.
Good taiwanese food. I was born and raised in Taiwan and grew up in Irvine, California and this is close to the real deal. Pork chops were tender, beef chunk noodle soup had nice chunks of meat, chewy noodles and flavorful broth (ask for the hot sauce). We also ordered pickled cabbage, spicy wonton and the taiwanese fried chicken. Chicken was my least favorite item. Needed basil instead of oregano and more salt and pepper. Overall a delicious meal after a weekend of Labor Day BBQs.
I'm not from around here, but on two drives between Boston and Toronto, I passed through the area and came to Taiwan Noodle for lunch. Both times were great. There may not be a lot of good Asian food in Boston, but there certainly is in Toronto, and this is on par. The large bowls of noodle (especially the house special) is consistently satisfying. I never asked if their noodles are handmade but they are certainly chewy. I love the fried pork cutlets and the tea eggs. The broth is savoury but not overpowering. On a different occasion, I had the ground pork with xue cai option. It wasn't as good as the house special, mostly because there weren't enough toppings for me. Decent service, although both times I visited, it was not particularly busy. I really wish there was a place like this where I live! I will definitely be back if I pass through on my next road trip!
Happy to found this place on yelp and was not disappointed at all! Loved the noodle with beef stew and spicy wonton! The baked chicken cutlet over rice was ok.  Plus, very friendly and accommodating service!
I went to Taiwan Noodle because it got four stars on yelp.  I was hoping it would be as good as the reviews.  Unfortunately, I was disappointed.  The beef chuck noodle soup was what everyone said to get and I have to say, it was just OK.  Maybe four small pieces of beef in a decent, but not spectacular broth.  The noodles were OK as well.  I really wanted it to be great but it was just good.  Not the incredible flavor that one would expect from a good noodle soup. I also got the wood ear appetizer, which, was served cold and was pretty tasty.  The shu mai dim sum was awesome but overpriced. 4 pieces for $4.25.  The sesame balls were really good as well.  For those reasons it gets three stars, otherwise it would be two.  It just was so built up on Yelp that maybe I was expecting more. I know people who love it, and more power to them.  To each his/her own, ya know.
Reliable and affordable noodles and other Chinese dishes. It is not your usual Americanized Chinese food.  The Noodle soup is what keeps bringing me back. House made noodles in a vegetable based broth.  I get the mixed mushroom noodle soup. Affordable (6 or 7 bucks), filling and satisfying.
This was a pretty happenin' spot on a snowy night out! We split the stewed beef chuck (soft beef, good noodles and bok choy), steamed tiny pork buns (these were SO good!!  Juice poured out and you use the big spoons), and pan fried pork bun (HUGE pork buns).  Our total bill was less than $15. They also gave out some free tea which was good!
This place is great.  Cheap noodles, great, homey food.  The beef noodles were great and the spicy noodles were awesome too.  The scallion pancake was OK, it could have been crispier but that's ok.  The shrimp shu mai was delicious. I sometimes had to stand up to get the waiter's attention but it was no big deal.  Food is cheap and delicious. I wrote this on 1.5 hours of sleep, post immunology final.  I regret nothing.
Delicious noodles at very reasonable prices. Everything tastes fresh! Nice interior .
So many good reviews I was really looking forward to trying this place but it just didn't hit the spot for me. We got the spicy wonton which neither my husband or I enjoyed. We also got the pork cutlet soup which had decent flavor but the meat was really grizzly. We had a few other items I didn't think were memorable BUT we did LOvE the pork buns. We both thought those were excellent. If my husband were rating the place he would prob give 3 star but I really only liked one item we ordered. Disclaimer.... I am not experienced with this type of cuisine. So take my review from the newbie perspective.
Only my first visit here; I prefer my street food to be in Taipei. There are some street food staples missing here (eg varieties of steamed bao).  I'm not complaining though and I will be back.  The food was good enough to make me dream of other Taipei food. But I don't fault Taipei Noodle because I much prefer a limited menu done well. And that's exActly what I got. A good dish of pork belly and rice, generous servings with unexpected (am I getting jaded?) but traditional extras, preceded by a finely balanced traditional chicken and broth soup, enhanced with a few dien xing morsels to enjoy and to take home. Chinatown it's not but it's more than street food (the yelp description is a little off).  It's definitely good for dinner and lunch.  It's also a wallet pleaser for sure with very reasonable prices.  Most unusual I find is the attentive service: watchful and ready. Perhaps the best I've had in a Chinese restaurant (and I got married in one) including the best in Shanghai and Beijing. So...I will bookmark this onto my return-here-with-friends list. It's worth my detour into Albany.  Why only 4 stars?  For me the fifth star comes with consistency.  If I enjoy more of the same quality in the next year I'll reflect that appropriately.
A nice shiny spot in a run down section of town, the noodle soup here really hit the spot.  We did start out with a couple of small dishes: The pickled cabbage was good, a nice balance of sweet and sour with a nice crunch.  The wood ear fungus was especially satisfying with the familiar toasty flavor of sesame oil and a dash of salt. The mixed mushroom noodles was nice and flavorful, and the veggie noodle soup was attractive.  Our only wish was for more substance in the broth. Service was fine and the place was clean.
We were on our way to Boston and stopped at Albany to get food. My friends got noodle. I got rice over chicken with mushrooms. My dish took a while to arrive, and they got my order wrong but they exchanged it quickly. I honestly didn't get annoyed or anything. I'm giving it 3 stars because I imagine that for the price it's the best you can get Chinese food-wise. I mean, the food is sorta "meh". My chicken and rice was very plain, I asked for hot sauce which made it better. - bathroom is okay - they have a parking lot!
The restaurant is clean. They offer cheap and delicious food. I had several dishes: pig ear, spicy wontons, fried pork chop noodles, dumplings, and steamed rice with pork and Chinese sausage. I really enjoyed the noodles. The broth was savory, not salty or MSG-y like most places. The rice noodles were also chewy, which I really like. I would definitely recommend this place!
