When we were on vacation for a week in Florida, we only wanted to do one or two things (we don't like to do a lot while we're on vacation, besides relax.) We decided that we really wanted to check out an airboat tour, and several locals recommended Camp Holly, which was about a half an hour inland from the coast, straight over the causeway and just a little past I-92. (we were staying on Melbourne Beach.) All I can say is, WOW! Totally worth the trip, the cost ($30/person) and spending a morning there. We had such a great time on our tour. Capt. Dan led us through the marsh expertly, combining fast paced riding with slower moments to capture the surrounding nature. We saw several very large gators, one of which had to be around 11 feet, and it seemed unperturbed by our presence, as it remained in it's spot on dry land in full view of the boat for about 5 minutes, while we all gawked at its size and took pictures.Capt. Dan also took us too an enclave just crawling with dozens of baby gators. There may have been over a hundred, along with birds and turtles. We saw a giant crane fly up close to the boat, that was so big, it looked prehistoric. We were on the water for about 40 minutes, which was plenty of time to see everything, but short enough that you don't fry (we were on the water around 11 am.) The captain explained the mating season, the coloration and size characteristics of the gators, and even went into gator hunting a little, by request. He was funny and informative. The camp grounds are pretty large, with a huge area for outdoor concerts and a good bar selection, and some souvenirs to purchase if you are so inclined. We enjoyed a couple of drinks, even though it was early, just because we were having a good time. You're allowed to bring any drinks you buy on the tour with you. The boat comes equipped with headphones to protect your hearing from the very loud engine. There are also life jackets, but we did not have to wear them (no one in our group did.) As Capt. Dan put it, jokingly (I hope) "There are life jackets for everyone, but you won't need them. If you fall in, you'll be eaten." With all the amazing gators and wildlife we saw, I kind of believe him.
I am here on an airboat tour right now and we are stranded. The boat broke down and instead of sending another they waited and loaded up a boat with a tour and then sent the boat... So when the second boat was unsuccessful at jumping us they left us out here for another hour. I called the owner, Kurt, freon the boat to ask for help and he was rude and hung up on me! Update: Once we got back the owner was very nice and apologized gave us a refund and offered us a free drink... I would return but not sure about another ride, so ive upped my star rating to 2 stars
Great airboat tour with a knowledgable captain. Capt. Matt had a lot of good information about the area and took us on a good tour of the St. John's river.
This place has certainly cleaned up in recent years. I don't expect to come here this year (2013), but I came in 2008, 2009, and 2010. In 2008, the old bar still looked like a bar in the south that you'd expect only in a movie. The pool table was balanced up by wood blocks, I beat this old man with summer teeth (summer here, summer there) 3 times at pool (games on him), and there were two old tube tvs, one with Jerry Springer and another with Judge Judy.  Yup, a real dive place. The airboat operators weren't much better, and were all telling racist jokes after doing some airboat rides. I don't get bothered by racist jokes, but these are the guys who live by it, not merely joke about it (considering my ethnic background came up, and I just kept quiet). In about 2009 or 2010, the place got a makeover and appeared to get a lot better. Obviously, they want to cater to the tourists. I was happy with what I got the last time I came, although the airboat prices are kinda overinflated. But if you've never been to Florida, this is a good stop, at least once.
1,000 gators per mile is their claim.  Maybe.  We saw about 5.  It was a windy day so our ride was restricted to certain areas.  It was worth the ride.  The driver was super nice and very knowledgeable.   It also had a pretty wild looking bar outback that looked to be a rowdy good time during events.
As their website advertises, a tour like this is definitely off the beaten path, but well worth the stop!  After touring every theme park in Florida, my grandpa found something for us to do that was a little different but totally great.  Camp Holly offers 30-40 minute airboat rides around a small lake to see - what else - gators!  The airboat ride is $25/adult the guides are definitely knowledgeable about the area.   Upon arriving, we had to wait about 10 minutes to actually get on a boat, but there's food and beverages to be consumed in a pretty comfortable bar/patio area.  They also have boiled peanuts, which is a BIG PLUS.  Us northerners just can't get boiled peanuts anywhere, so I always buy them whenever I get the chance down south.  If you've never tried them, do it.  They're so absolutely delicious and they make them on-site at Camp Holly. Anyway, the airboat ride itself was really great.  Our guide was knowledgeable about the area, the wildlife, fishing, gator hunting, conservation and everything in between.  He stopped a ton of times for us to get up close and personal with some alligators and took us all around the lake.  We had an opportunity to stop and ask him questions, which was really interesting.  He told us about his own experience as an alligator hunter and he really knew a lot about the area and all of the wildlife present.   This is an experience that is definitely worth a drive, especially in place of a theme park.  It's nice to take a break from Disney and actually do something a bit more "Florida."  The entire tour is family friendly and all the kids I saw were having a blast out on the boats.
My future in-laws found this getting lost :) Sometimes that's the best way to find things, but I'm glad they did! The pricing per person is not bad at all! $30 for a 45 minute boat ride is not bad at all! You sign up for the tour and then you're free to roam around the area while you wait for your turn! While you wait, you can order a beer, buy a couple of t-shirts, some wildlife photography, even some alligator stuff! They have a guy that will bring out a small alligator for you to see up close and even touch it. The mouth is taped up of course, but you can't help but flinch whenever it makes a sudden movement. The lady at the front is very friendly and makes you feel like family as she jokes with you and makes sure that you're hydrated offering you something cold to drink while we wait. Once our party was called to board the boat, we were introduced to Captain Bob who was AWESOME! He was funny and very personable! He took us up and down the river and would stop at certain spots in hopes that we would see actual wild alligators. Unfortunately, with it being summer and it being so hot, we didn't see anything. But we did see alot of birds, grasshoppers, and I think even a few turtles! The photo guy (this is literally on his name tag) was a little rough, but it's understandable I guess as people can be picky about the pictures they have taken. He charges you I think $8 for the first photo and then the price goes down for every photo after that. My first time on a boat... and I would TOTALLY do it again! My only recommendation is, bring sunscreen if you're going during the summer. It does get hot and the boat will stop a couple of times where there is no breeze. But when the boat moves, the breeze is great!
Really cool camp. We done a Airboat tour on the lake. Was a real thill.
I would have actually scored this less but it's not the fault of the tour guide that we did not see any gators. We got there just a bit too late as it got really hot fast.  Being in the boat was a lot of fun and I would definitely do this again, esp at a different time of year.  I had never been on an air boat so the ride was a lot of fun.  I believe our guide was Bob and he was very friendly and funny. We had a good time!
The air boat rides are reasonably priced and the staff was friendly. The ride was so much fun. We stopped and looked for baby alligators as well as got close up pictures of wild flowers. The ride included a great mix of open water on the St. Johns river and into the marshy areas along the route. If you're going take part in this adventure during the summer time go at the earliest time to see the most alligators. They were at the dock and along the ride. The best time for gator spotting is during the winter. The ride is a great time gators or none. Its a great mash up of speed and nature.
