Very cool atmosphere. Looks like it's an old fire station. Delicious good the Cuban and the Reuben were our favs!
Compared to other German restaurants, the price is much better.  They only accept cash, so make sure you bring some with you.  I had the veal schnitzel and my wife had the chicken schnitzel with a side of potato pancakes.  Food was good, the sauerkraut was excellent and for good German food, the price was right!  I suggest!
We decided to stop in after someone recommend this place for both their great beer selection and ambience, we would have to say it delivered on both. They also had great schnitzel and Mac and cheese. They had a really friendly staff who had a great command of the menu. We will be back.
I try to visit this place as much as I can, as I love their beer selection.  The food is ok, but nothing to rave about.  Their Mac and cheese, mashed potatoes and pretzels are pretty tasty though and worth getting.  While you are enjoying one of their many fine beers, you can eat endless peanuts in the shell and throw the shells on the floor.  Very down-to-earth setting.  A must visit on your birthday, as you get Das Boot (a glass boot filled with the house beer, which is the equivalent to 6 beers) for free!  My favorite day of the year to go here is for their annual Oktoberfest, in which they shutdown the entire block for a huge German festival of beer, cuisine and fun events.  Just make sure you bring cash when you go, as they do not accept credit/debit cards.
More of a beer HALL than a beer GARDEN. But whatever the case, its pretty legit if you're looking for weinenstephaner, franziskaner or whatever beers that sounds German to you, they've got it here. Along with you're sausages, bratwurst, pretzels and etc...  Pretty much the only thing missing is lederhosen. Does it sound like I'm stereotyping this place yet?
Awesome decor and vibe in this place. Great spot to watch a game and drink some beers. I'd definitely come back if I was in the Albany area.
Amazing german food. Cash only! One of my favorite places. Eat here, you will not be disappointed! Can get a little crowded and douchey on weekend nights with college kids who want to drink.. even though you'll read the kitchen is open late, if you want to enjoy yourself with a beer or two go earlier to eat on a weekend (6-8/9pm) ... unless you dont mind a lot of loud and drunk people around you as you are eating..and any night on a weekday is great. The only saving grace from it turning into a complete college bar is the fact that they dont serve liquor. But aside from that, this place is FUN :) Go here for you bday too! You get a boot for free!
The beer selection is pretty impressive, except I don't understand why southern tier is on the menu. It's not german even a little bit. But okay. I appreciate that they have a vegan dinner option! although it's the store bought sausage's I'm still thrilled. The brussel Sprouts are amazing though! I don't like the seating, those benches are hell for me when I'm wearing a heels and a dress. I wish they had more high top options. I like the free boot if you spend 20 dollars, but it gets so warm at the bottom, this year will be the last year I attempt that guy. Over all I'd recommend going here, but I wouldn't think you're crazy if you dont fall in love. It's got it's pros and cons.
If you like good beer and an opportunity to meet some interesting people, Wolff's is among the greatest places in the Albany metro area. The staff is always personable and accommodating. The beer is always cold and delicious. The food is great. The peanuts are always free. Great bar.
Love this place!! It is an old abandoned firehouse restored to be a biergarten. The beer selection is divine (except no Krombacher, WHAAA!!! :[ ) But I tried the Warsteiner and the Spaten, delicious. The prices are really good for imported beers ($4 for 12 oz, $6 for 16 oz...etc). They've also got a 72 oz boot. My sisters boyfriend got it (you must pay cash), It's $22, but you also have to put down a deposit on it as well. That way you don't steal or break the boot.   Forewarned: Wear good shoes, the floor is draped in peanut shells. I was eating peanuts until I found a piece of chicken on a toothpick in the basket. Uh no, ew. But that's more of disgusting patrons thing than the bar can handle. We also ordered the spaetzle, fried pickles, and loaded fries. Yum, yum, and YUM.  I had always wanted to try spaetzle and am happy I did, the dipping sauce was delicious but I would've loved if the spaetzle had a crunch to it. Overall a great experience. (Plus they had soccer on tv. Thank the lords!)
Had so much fun at lunch today with my 79 year old mom, my sister, and her 3 kids (adults). Ryan who waited on us was so nice and fun. We loved the pork schnitzel and the specials. I am not a beer fan but they have great pink lemonade. This place is casual and fun - we enjoyed the wide open garage door and the little birds waiting for peanuts. The beer lovers in our crowd enjoyed the selections, each trying something different. My mother wants to have her 80th birthday celebration here - I would pay money to see her do the boot!!!!
It's not authentic, aside from the bier. The food is ok, and pairs nicely with the drinking. (Pommes frites are beer battered, and the Aoli is really light on the garlic and tastes like store bought.And I wouldn't expect to see either of these in a traditional Biergarten.) I like that the bier come in "Large, extra large, ohmygod, and boot." All that said, it's a great place for seeing friends, and watching people with birthdays or bridal showers come and get scruffy.
We recently stopped by for lunch and based on the reviews we all had some hope of a good old fashioned German meal. Unfortunately, the food was roundly awful, not just for me, but for everyone at the table. I decided to go with a classic, the wienerschnitzel. It came with red cabbage, spatzle, mashed potatoes, and a roll. I also got an order of the deep fried spicy pickles which became an absolute necessity the moment I saw it on the menu. The food came out quickly, served by a very friendly waitress. After 1 second though, I knew it was going to suck. First, the meat was way too thick for authentic wienerschnitzel. Wienerschnitzel is supposed to be thin, not 2 inches thick. Also, as I cut into the meat, the entire crust peeled off, as if they skipped coating the meat in flour and just used an egg wash and bread crumbs. After cutting 2 pieces, the entire breading was off the meat and on the plate. Finally, the meat quality was poor, and had a particularly tough texture and bitter aftertaste. Sadly, everyone who got the schnitz had the same exact issue. Poor cooking technique? Crappy ingredients? Both? As for the other parts of the meal, the potatoes and fried pickles were pretty great, but the spatzle tasted old and the red cabbage was overly sweet and seemed to be poorly seasoned. I guess the sides were a bit of a draw. Others at the table were not thrilled with their food either. Someone got  a moldy roll with their main. Nice CQ guys! And one of the guys who requested a vegetarian plate got served brussel sprouts with bacon. All in all, the meal was pretty much a waste of time and money for everyone involved. Food aside, the atmosphere is pretty hectic and not very conducive for a chilled out afternoon, if that's what you're looking for. Wolff's is basically a non-descript sports bar characterized by a ridiculously loud noise level and TV's glued to random soccer matches.If you're into world soccer and just want a beer or two, this is a great place to catch a match. But for authentic German food, this place is a complete zero.
I've been a patron of this Biergarten for years now. There's a bunch of reasons why this is one of my favorite spots to have a few beers at. There's a killer selection of beer on tap and in bottles. A cleanly written list on a chalk board behind shows off a nice mix of options. The bar tenders are very friendly and attentive. I've been working my way through the bottled beer list and have been taking recommendations which have been very good. I like the decor and especially like that they open up the front "garage" when the weather supports it. They've got 4 nice dart boards set up with league play optional, just grab darts from the bar. Plenty of large tv's make it easy to catch the game(s). If you are a soccer fan, this is your spot. They open early to accommodate the passionate fans and even have free pancake breakfast for the little ones while you catch the premiership action. Be warned if you have a peanut allergy this is not the place for you as peanuts and peanut shells can't be avoided. They sure do keep me thirsty... I haven't had any food here but I've heard it's good. Also note this is a cash only spot.
This place was very crowded for a Monday night! I spotted it on my way by and returned for that reason. Figured it must be a good spot. You could hear the people from across and down the street. The front was open and I was a little put off by the gross bucket of cigs and the amount of people lighting up outside but started for the door anyhow. Friends have said I don't keep an open-mind so I wanted to at least try it. The door said "CASH ONLY" which surprised me, I've only seen a couple cash only places ever. It did also say "ATM INSIDE" that way you can pay the fees and they don't have to pay the credit card companies fees. I walked in, I walked out. There was no real floor just wood, picnic tables for seats and I felt like I'd walked in on a frat party. I guess this place is good if you like beer and a loud crowd, but I wouldn't and couldn't even sit down there. My dress would have been ruined or I at least would have gotten a splinter or two on my bum :/ My friend said "well, I think they're going for the whole Oktoberfest theme" which is fine. They got it, I think. But there's a reason that only happens once a year. If you're a guy who likes beer and doesn't mind parkin' your rear on a picnic table amongst other beer loving guys, you'll fit right in. If you're a girl, wear some jeans and a t-shirt.
Here is my confession: I am not an avid beer drinker. So I will not be reviewing Wolff's from the perspective of a beer connoisseur. I am, however, an avid sausage eater (take that as you will, pervs). Gotta love a place that puts meat right on the bottom of the food pyramid. If you are on a strict diet, stay away! There's nothing for you here! The portions are huge and there's about two days worth of calories in every meal. But that's what makes it so tasty! I've had the armer ritter for brunch, which is "two biscuits soaked in egg milk, fried and served with syrup and slices of bacon, sprinkled with cinnamon, sugar and nutmeg" Mmmm. I've also had many of their sausage offerings, as well as their mac & cheese. All very good. So why doesn't Wolff's get a 4? Well, I'm not too keen on the atmosphere. I can barely hear the person sitting next to me. When it gets crowded and there's peanut shells all over the floor, it gets kind of hard to maneuver around. Also, my tummy never quite feels right after eating there, even though the food is good. So in conclusion, I'm open to going to Wolff's to meet up with friends, but I never actively seek it out. I'm sure my hips are thankful for that.
This is from the same guy who brought us Bomber's?  If you told me that, I would call you a dirty liar.  But then, I'd be wrong.   How can one place feel so authentic with good food and attention to detail while the arguable more popular restaurant's eponymous dish is barely edible.  Seriously, you would have to pay me to eat another Bomber's burrito. But I just went to Wolff's for lunch, and I will gladly pay again and again for the privilege of coming here.  Good food, stripped of pretense, in a shrine to all things Germanic.  Beer, sausage, schnitzel, and spaetzel. But on second thought, there are a few elements that seem off the mark (so to speak): Darts I associate with English pubs. Peanuts I associate with American roadhouses. Ping pong and their music selection I associate with fraternity houses. On my first visit, I asked if the wurst plates could be split, so instead of two of the same sausage, I might try a broader swath of their offerings.  I was told if I wanted the safe choice that I should try the Knockwurst.  So I asked what if I didn't want the safe choice? So I was directed to the Bratwurst, a smoked pork and veal sausage that is cooked in beer and pan seared.  The Weiswurst also qualified as a more daring pick, a white Bavarian veal and pork sausage that has been boiled.   The Weiswurst stole the show.  Tender, juicy, delicately seasoned.  I asked the man behind the bar what beer would go best with my food and we discussed stylistic preferences.  He ultimately steered me to the Wurzburger Pilsner which went beautifully with the Weiswurst.   The German mashed potatoes were a bit disappointing.  Yes they have bacon.  But the bacon just wasn't working very hard.  I don't know how bacon gets lost in potatoes, but in this case it did.  I would have preferred a nice tangy German potato salad.   I can't wait to get back there and try more food, drink more beers, and play a round of honest to goodness darts.  The electronic dartboards they have elsewhere are just an embarrassment.  Dart boards + good beer + tasty food = awesome.
5 stars! You go to Wolff's for a reason. Because beer is in the name. If you are looking for a traditional Bavarian experience here it is. I just came back from Germany, attended the Oktoberfest and drank masses and masses of beers. So I go to the only place in Albany that serves the exact same thing with an endless choice of German beers on tap. There is nothing like holding a liter of beer in your hand to bring you back or just hold it because it makes you look badass. They hold an Oktoberfest, World Cup party, and it's decked out with lights around the holidays. Also, endless peanuts and you can throw the shells on the ground. I think every single kid used to love going to restaurants like that and I still love it today. So bring a group of friends, grab a picnic table, ein beir and have a blast.
My sister told me about this place and even way down here in Austin I thought she was nuts.  (Well, if you know my sister, she IS nuts, but that's beside the point).  A German-style beer garden in an old firehouse that used to be a bottle service bar on the edge of the edge of town where the warehouses roll up their sidewalks?  Can't be. But it is.  And it's great. After checking out the website and gaining respect and admiration for the beer selection and all that glassware on the shelves, I finally got a chance to try the place out for lunch on a recent Albany visit. First and foremost for me, it's about the beer, and Wolff's does beer right.  German, cold, in a variety of styles, including several hard-to-find varieties, served in proper glassware.   Weiss biers, Marzen, dunkels, doppelbocks and Kolsch, something for everyone, even Sis who likes the lighter stuff.  She settled on a Kolsch that was perfect for the Summer heat, and I sipped an Optimator and a Dunkel. To all the people obsessing about the authenticity of the peanuts (or the very cool handmade ping pong table or the darts for that matter), if you don't like them don't eat/play them.  I don't care a whit if they are or are not "authentic"--this is a bar, not a diorama in the German Bar History Museum.  The beer and the food are really authentically German, and the host here has put in place the things he thinks drinkers and diners will like with their German beer and food, namely some games and some snacks.  Bravo.  Fun works. The food was wonderful--the potato pancakes were crisp on the outside, chewy and moist inside and served with tangy applesauce.   I had the Schwabische Rindsrouladen, a wonderful rolled up steak/pickles/bacon/onion delight served with Spatzle--there was nothing left on my plate.  Sis had Knockwurst served with mustard and we shared--but I didn't let much of mine get away. Our bartender was friendly, the cook was too, and the long picnic tables encouraged conversation just like in a good German beer hall.  If I still lived in Albany it would be a destination for me along with a very few other fine beer emporia. It IS a destination--it's the only thing in the neighborhood (so far) except the gem of a diner next door, so it's a place you go when you are not in a bar-hopping mood.  But there are so many great beers, and such good food, who needs to bar hop? Thanks to my sister for the tip--check Wolff's out--if you like good beer, good food and good times--what the Germans call gemütlichkeit--you won't be disappointed.
On our way to camping upstate, our very German companion made it a priority to catch Germany v. Argentina in the World Cup this past Saturday. So we strategized in a way that resulted in us all meeting way up in Harlem at 5:15AM, crossing the George Washington Bridge and on our way to Albany. We arrived before 10, around the time Wolff's opened up and local soccer enthusiasts already started trickling in. The amount of peanut shells on the floor made it such that they were the norm and clean floor space was the exception. How charming! Baskets of peanuts - all gratis - and we're essentially encouraged not to clean up after ourselves, but to sweep shells straight onto the floor. Ample amount of TV screens accommodated the very, very packed space, but everyone was friendly. I can't vouch for the beer, though I did try a little of something, but it overall, it was SO MUCH FUN. Each time Germany scored a goal, the entire Biergarten roared in excitement and fans of Argentina made themselves conspicuous because they were visibly forlorn. At the end it was 4-0. Potato pancakes were good. They came with sides of sour cream and apple sauce. They distinguish between vegetarian and non-veg food. I got to hook up my ipod touch to some free wifi. In all stretches of any imagination, a win-win (well, except for Argentina).
I freaking love Wolff's Biergarten. Sure, the beers are about $1-2 more than I'd ideally like to pay, but the vibe is always casual & happy, and the crowd equally happy & diverse. Service has always been incredibly friendly & warm. Brunch is a treat, it's family friendly (and the families that bring young kids have well behaved young kids), 2L boots of beer for birthdays ($40 deposit), and free peanuts whose shells you can toss on the floor. Sometimes they have this thing called Beefsteak, which is an epic exercise in gluttony (all you can eat slices of beef tenderloin and pitchers of beer). Go for the potato pancakes, brussles sprouts, and schnitzels on the food menu. So good, providing you don't fill up on free peanuts. Awesomeness: Great for groups & families, friendly atmosphere, tasty beers on tap, free peanuts Not-so-awesomeness: Cash only (atm on site), street parking
For those of us who have never gotten to venture to the real Oktoberfest in Germany, or taste any of the fine European beer's on tap, enter Wolff's Biergarten. After hearing about Wolff's from a co-worker, and checking out their website a few friends and I decided to check the place out on a Saturday. The first semi-negative thing about Wolff's is that it is on the north-side of Albany and there is only on-street parking. I found a spot pretty easily (we arrived at around 5pm) but when we left around 9:30 I noticed that spaces were hard to come by. The thing that really separates Wolff's from other places is that the atmosphere was really fun. As we entered I quickly noted the floors were absolutely covered with peanut shells, and it was actually quite slippery on portions of the floor which were sealed concrete. The main space is lined with parallel rows of picnic tables set up in a community style. As the place got more and more packed different people would ask if we could squeeze together or move over etc. We ended up chatting with a few people and as opposed to other bars, it really felt like a friendly atmosphere. There was however a very odd mix of people in attendance. It seemed to be some kind of weird combo of college kids, thirty-somethings(like me) and older people. I suppose there were a lot of people just there to check it out, but I enjoyed seeing such a wide variety of people all enjoying huge liter-filled mugs of their favorite German/Czech beers. Not sure if the crowd will remain the same as time passes, but it definitely helped Wolff's atmosphere. My friends and I sampled various beers, all on tap. Wolff's has a great selection of European beer on tap and I had read about some of them and was delighted to try them out. Another thing that is great about Wolff's is they offer three different sized glasses. A .3 oz is good if you want to try something out, the .5 oz is good if you're driving and the 1 liter is good if you're prepared to be bed-ridden for a few days. My friend Paul noted that the 1 liter beers were priced very reasonably (1 liter = 33 oz = about 2-3 beers). After about an hour we decided to get some food. The food ordering and pickup is all done in the back and if it's crowded and depending on where you're sitting, it can make for difficult navigation. After about 20 minutes they announce your name over a loudspeaker and you can pick it up. I had the bratwursts. I can't say they were the best sausages I've ever had, but for $9 I got two large sausages, a heaping portion of mashed potatoes, a bun and sauerkraut - definitely worthy for the price. My wife ordered the schnitzle served w/spatzle and I thought it was awesome and will get it next time (the schnitzle was $12.95 I believe). Overall I thought the food was quite good for the setting. Wolff's offers several vegetarian options, but honestly I don't know why you'd go here and not try their meats? We didn't stay too late, and I'm curious to see what the crowd will be like after it's been open for a few months. I will definitely be going back.
Finally, a unique bar with some character in the Capital Region. A place that you can bring together young and old in celebration. A place worth traveling a far distance to. A place that does not even entertain the idea of serving bad beer. Free peanuts, German food, darts, ping pong, and lots of futball. Bravo. People of the Capital Region can be very cliquey. Fortunately, Wolff's encourages you to make a friend or a picnic table of friends. Before my first date with Wolff's I was skeptical because the Bohemian Hall in Queens had raised the bar so high. You're not going to get the same fortress style beer garden at Wolff's, but you will get a similar vibe, no horrible day drinking sunburn, better mugs, and of course a free two liter boot of Pilsner on your birthday.
I'm still pretty torn on how I feel about Wolff's.  I think the idea is great, but I feel like there are just a few things in their execution that are a bit off.  I've now been to the bar a few times.  I love their beer selection.  German beers are a favorite of mine, especially hefeweizens and they have a nice draft selection.  The beers are served in the correct beer glasses which also gets them an A in my book.  But I don't understand the peanuts.  I've spent a great deal of time in Germany and I've never seen peanuts at a bar or a biergarten.  Maybe I was at the wrong places?  The peanuts make the whole place appear dirty, they make the floors slippery and they just feel like a cheap gimmick to make me drink more beer.  If the product is good, I'll drink more on my own, you don't need to salt me up to make me thirstier.   And at Wolff's, their product (beer) is spot-on. I love that they have hooks under the bar for coats, but they are not quite high enough that your coat clears the floor and the floors are covered in peanut shells and dust, which then gets all over the bottom of your jacket and the ends of the sleeves.  Not cool.  The picnic tables seem to take up a lot more space than long tables would, but I do enjoy that the seating arrangements encourage meeting new people and sitting with those you don't know.  I like meeting new people and this is great. As for the food, I am a vegetarian, so I can't judge on the meat.  My friends all enjoyed their sausages, with the currywurst being their favorite.  The potato pancakes are pretty greasy and I was not very impressed with the spaetzle or fries. The football is a huge draw to this bar for myself and my boyfriend.  I think this will be a great place to come watch a match on a Saturday afternoon.  The times I've been to Wolff's it's been very crowded, so I am hoping that a Saturday afternoon might be a better time to cozy up to the bar to watch football.   All in all, I think this is a great addition to the Albany bar scene.  It offers something a little different than the usual suspects and once the novelty wears off, I am sure the crowds will die down a bit.  I'd certainly give Wolff's a 5 for their beers, but the food and a few other things bring them down to a 3.5/4 for me.
Having been there twice... both times for lunch... I have to give them high grades.  It's all about the food... and in this case the beer too.  There's simply no German cuisine available in the downtown.  Wolff's fills the niche, and that alone sets them apart.  The schnitzel and the bratwurst were very good, and the spaetzle excellent. Sure, it's easy to point out little negatives.  Picnic tables, paper plates and plastic utensils.  And I don't know what the evening crowd is like. But set against that is a fine beer list, unspectacular but sturdy Teutonic food, and a friendly staff and ambience.  Not the least bit pretentious... and soccer on the TV.   The bartender Mark (from Essex in the UK) mentioned that they'll shortly have some off-street parking.  A good move there.  Brush up on your umlaut pronunciation.  Prost !!!
I was actually really excited to try this place - I love peanut bars and beer gardens in general, so I was interested to see how this place would compare. It's a little daunting to walk in and step into huge piles of peanut shells on the floor, but as soon as you do, you know what it means... free peanuts! There's a little stand to order food in the back of the bar. Vegetarians, no worries, you will be well fed. We ordered the tofu currywurst - doesn't sound appetizing, but, oh my, was it delicious. It came with sauerkraut, which I don't like, and spaetzle, which I was surprised had a crunch to it. We also ordered the potato pancakes. I read in another review that these were really greasy, but I didn't find it to be the case. I mean, they are deep fried, so of course they aren't light, but they didn't seem so greasy that I wouldn't eat them. In fact, I polished off two just myself, and there were 5 in an order. Finally, we ordered a pretzel. I'm actually not normally a fan of pretzels - they're everywhere in Manhattan and always taste burnt. This one was tasty though, I'd definitely order it again. Topped it off with a huge Duvel - yes, I'll surely be back someday. Gluten free diners - they have GF beer! A GF person in our group confirmed that it was tasty.
I have come to this place on a number of occasions to enjoy the free beer boot for a friend's birthday and for Oktoberfest. Wolff's Biergarten is a rowdy loud place to grab a bunch of beers while eating peanuts and throwing the shells on the floor. I can't say much for the beers since I don't enjoy beer, but they do seem to have a fair selection. Until recently I had not tried any of the food here. It is the food which takes this place from an average loud beer joint to a truly enjoyable restaurant. I ordered the zigeuner, a goulash with spaetzel, which was one of the most delicious beef dishes I've tasted in a while. The spaetzel had a perfect texture, as well as the beef which was perfectly tender, but not rare. I also ordered the potato pancakes which came with apple sauce and sour cream. They were very thick, but the flavor was excellent. Wolff's Biergarten also serves brunch which I am looking forward to trying. It is both an enjoyable for a round of drinks, to celebrate your bday, or for a good meal.
Wolff's gets the simple recipe of the biergarten down almost perfectly. It's a bit noisy, the decor and atmosphere are very caual, and the portions are huge and reasonably priced. The seating is the traditional indoor picnic style, so be prepared to make some friends if you're on your own. To those with peanut allergies, steer clear, as the entire place is covered in peanut shells (served in big baskets all over the place). You order your food at a separate "food bar" located at the rear of the restaurant and then they bring it to your table. I got myself the wurst platter, and ordered the schnitzel for my friend with a Gurkensalat to share. Everything was delicious (oh my god the mashed potatoes have bacon!!!) save my wurst. The weisswurst was bland instead of delicate and the bratwurst was just odd. Still, the kraut was good and plentiful and covered whatever sins those poor wurst committed. Wolff's also has an excellent beer selection, with many German beers on tap. I'll be back, and you should try it.
You wont like Wolf's.  They don't have any beer you like.  No bud, bud light, coors, coors light, actually no american beer at all.  All they have is German, Czechoslovakian , and Belgian beer.  I mean why would you go to a bar that doesn't even serve any of the beers that 90% of us want?  And they sell it in weird sizes - all liters and half liters and stuff. They have TVs, but they often don't show any sports you like, they prefer Futbol (soccer to you).  It is in an industrial area of the city that you probably don't want to go to.  They do have food, but it is nothing you would like - all German: sausages, potato pancakes, crap like that.  You have to eat it at picnic tables and sit with people you don't know - which you probably won't feel comfortable with. And the floor is covered with peanut shells because people just throw them on the floor.  They have music sometimes, but you wouldn't like it, it is all German oompah music.   Some people seem to like it, it always seems to be crowded, but they are probably pretty weird if they go to a place like this, and you'll have to sit at a picnic table with them.  Or me.
This German-style wursthaus and beer garden just opened in the former Noche nightclub, a renovated firehouse next to Miss Albany Diner. They officially opened Thursday, March 19, and I'm already pretty jazzed. The specialty is sausage - knackwurst, bratwurst, weiswurst, etc - which comes served with sauerkraut, a roll and delicious bacon-onion mashed potatoes. I thought the knackwurst was delicious but the weiswurst is a bit mild for me. The roast brussel sprouts with bacon and leek were also very tasty, but my favorite part was the potato pancakes served with applesauce and sour cream. It might not be the most heart-healthy menu, but they do have a few vegetarian options as well. They also plan to have all-you-can-eat pancakes on Thursdays and German-style brunch on the weekends. You can choose from several Czech, German and Belgian beers on draft (or in bottles) and you can get them served in a glass mug that's probably larger than my head. Pretty cool. Atmospherically, this is not a fancy place but it's not meant to be. You sit at long, communal picnic tables in a large open room decorated with antler candelabras and fake windows. There's a mix of sawdust and peanut shells on the floor, from the peanuts that sit in a large basket on every table. Wolff's also specializes in showing soccer and rugby games, which should excite a lot of people. There's also a large dart area with dart leagues in the works, and a ping pong table. I was hoping for some women in full German beer wench gear, but what can ya do? I was also hoping for some more authentic-seeming music but I suspect that might not be too popular with the masses. Overall, I can't find too many complaints -- and this comes from someone who's allergic to beer. Maybe I could request a hard cider on the menu? They do at least have a few wines. I'm looking forward to going back. It's nice to see something new in Albany that's unlike anything else around here...
I am a sucker for German bier, and often find myself in Albany for work. Wolff's, with their German beers, pretzels, wursts, schnitzels, and sandwiches, always hits the spot. A few tips: it's cash only, can get pretty crowded when college is in session, and definitely a no go if you have a peanut allergy. Since I don't have a peanut allergy, I appreciate what the peanut shells strewn everywhere do for the ambiance.
Although Albany is my hometown I am not familiar with the nightlife. So glad my friends introduced me to this place! After exploring Pearl Street (which was so not our scene) my friend remembered that she had heard of this place before. We drove through a part of town that looked a little unloved, but I don't know the city that well so it could have just been the combination of being unfamiliar with the area and it being dark out. The bar is super adorable, a beacon of light on an otherwise dark street. It looked like the front of the building opened up to a neat patio, but inside the bar was still happenin' I do sorta like places with peanut shells littered on the ground because sometimes being messy is fun and free peanuts are awesome. They have a great selection of German beers, all served in proper glassware which I think is awesome. They have a few nice, real dartboards in the back. We played a couples match of cricket, of course my fiance and I were victorious. The bar closed a little early for our late night tastes but it seems like a solid spot for a good night out.
A really awesome environment to watch soccer.  I was able to catch a game or two during the World Cup and it was awesome- when the US played the entire street was blocked off.   The bartenders were great, the service was good- so was the food.  However, when a friend of mine asked for cheese fries- literally asking them to put a piece of cheese on his fries- they would not.  So I have to give Wolff's 4 stars instead of 5
Fun place when you're looking for something different in Albany, however they only received three stars from me because of what they claim they are.. an Authentic German biergarten. If you've ever been to Germany ( I have multiple times and lived in Austria and ate Austrian/Germany food every day) You know there is better German food out there. You might have to travel outside the city but Wolff's food is not as authentic as it could be, or claims to be. My biggest disappointment is the Schnitzel, which in Germany and at authentic places in America, comes with a cranberry sauce type thing (don't know the exact name for it) to put on the meat. Wolff's Biergarten does not even know what this sauce is, as I have asked for it every time I go. However, as for their selection of beer and their house beer from the Hofbrauhaus in Munich, it's all pretty authentic. And when I am really feeling like schnitzel, I will go here, but there ARE better places if you are looking for better German food. It can get loud and busy in here, so if you are looking for a nicer sit down place, don't go here. I almost forgot to mention, on your birthday they give you a huge boot with free beer in it, as you've read in other reviews. Pretty cool, but bring friends to help you finish... I went here on my 21st after my free margarita at Bombers... not. good.
The best part about this place is the atmosphere-- literally a hall filled with picnic tables and a floor scattered with peanut shells.  There's not really a door on the place-- it opens out onto a small outdoor patio, mostly filled with smokers. The beer selection is fantastic and the prices were good.  I think this also helped to thin down the usual Albany crowd that you would find at places on Lark street... I thought the doorman was a gentleman.  He was legitimately concerned when a friend set down her beer at what he thought was a random table (it was actually full of our friends) and walked away from it.  He wanted to make sure she was being safe and not leaving her drink open for predators. I had a great night at this place and will surely go back.
Cool place! I had really been wanting to go to Wolff's Biergarten for quite some time but I just never got a chance. I enjoy trying new beers, so this was a fun place to check out. It does get pretty busy here. There's an outside area where you can sit, and the interior is filled with a bunch of picnic tables. The bar is also pretty big, and it has several wooden benches (rather than bar stools) for seating. It gets very loud inside, so be aware of that. Especially when it's busy, it can take a fair amount of effort to communicate with the people around you. As another reviewer mentioned, they give you a bigass glass boot filled with beer for your birthday. I had a good time here and I'm looking forward to going back. Remember, this place is cash only, so bring your cash with you or be prepared to pay an ATM fee.
It's not German fine dining, but it's not bad bad either. The staff is absolutely great, and the best asset of this establishment. The beer selection is impressive, and you can catch a soccer game on their flat screens.
Full disclosure, I lived in Germany for 5 years.  So I was really excited to see this place and read all of the reviews.  In the case here, I think I let my excitement set my expectations a bit too high.  Bier and atmosphere are why you would go here. So let us start with the upside.  Great beer selection and the prices are reasonable.  The bar is inviting and there are peanuts.  They have a nice dart area in the back (all though I have only seen this in the UK and Ireland and never in Germany). To the food.  First, if you are going to call it pommes frites, serve pommes frites.  To serve frozen battered fries is a big, not huge disappointment.  Second, Germans eat their fries with mayo, not ketchup.  So at least have some on hand.  The 'wurst' in all of its incarnations, kind of disappointing.  Our table had basically one of each and no one was impressed.  It probably would have been more acceptable if you has a good (or any for that matter) spicy German mustard.  I don't quite recall seeing too much French's being served. I will say the sauerkraut and potato salad were not bad.  They could have used a bit more attention, but not bad. So for me, if you are going to spend time with friends, drink some great German bier and just hang out, 4 stars.  If you want some good German food, not so much.  I would look elsewhere.
Ahh Wolff's.  It's such a fun place to be! First, there's the beer.  A nice, but not overwhelmingly large, selection of imported bottles and drafts, all of which are unique in their taste.  My current favorite is the Ayinger Celebrator.  Beers come in three sizes: 0.3 liter, 0.5 liter, and 1.0 liter.  I generally get a half liter pour.  I like the size of the glasses the beer comes in -- they're either stout mugs, or tall, slightly thinner glasses than your regular pint glass. To go with the beer, there's all the peanuts you can eat and some great German food selections.  The peanuts are fun: you split open the shell, eat the nuts, and chuck the shell on the floor.  And then stamp on it (or a big pile of them!) if you like.  The food is tasty standard stuff such as spaetzle and various sorts of sausages.  It's good bar food. The bar staff are all quite nice.  They're happy to talk to you about the beer and figure out what you might like, they're pleasant to interact with, and they're quick to help you out.  Above the bar there are TVs that are always showing some footie game or other -- soccer's a big thing in Germany.  As are darts, and the dart boards are a pleasure to play.  They're well lit and well maintained, and they're situated in a way so that there's little reason for anyone to need to walk through your game (unless the place is absolutely packed, of course -- then no darts). They do brunch on Sunday, and if you bring your kid and they're in their soccer clothes, they get brunch on the house!
Wolff's Biergarten is awesome!  So awesome that I think my nephew was named after this German style beer garden.  For a fan of German culture and German cuisine, it can't get much better here in the Capital Region, which is an area just starting to explore the greater culinary world in a daring manner. The atmosphere here is best described as loud and fun, which is usually good, but sometimes can be a bit much to handle, especially on a weekend.  Weeknights are usually more low key nights to come to the Biergarten.  There's darts, a food booth (which serves various German food dishes) and European professional soccer (or fußball) on TVs around the beer garden.  Seating is on wooden picnic tables, where one can enjoy the company of friends while munching on complimentary peanuts. Of course, one of the main reasons to come here is the beer, and since it is a German themed beer garden, there are plenty of German beers to enjoy.  Come here on your birthday and you can drink free beer out of a 2 liter glass boot (although there is a $40 deposit on the boot). This is place that is definitely worth considering if you're looking for a fun night out.
I love this place and I don't even like beer. Been here a few times on the weekends and always have a good time. Best experience so far is what they do for the world cup - tent was awesome, the atmosphere is contagious. So glad to have found a soccer family here!
We'll start with the highlight of this Biergarten - The beer! An amazing selection - I'm slowly making my way through the extensive menu, but I always have to get a Franziskaner when I visit. It literally tastes like October (or autumn for that matter). Go on your birthday and get das boot! The food - Since my grandmother would probably throw sauerkraut at me if I spoke too highly of any German food besides her own, I'll say it's JUST good. I ordered the bratwurst plate, my companion had the knockwurst plate, and we ordered potato pancakes to share with the table. Lets see, the sauerkraut was really delicious, the bratwurst and the knockwurst were both really good (especially with a little spicy mustard). They had nice crunch on the skin and really good flavoring. The one thing that was a slight disappointment was the german mashed potatoes. They needed some more seasoning and more onion and bacon (you can never have too much bacon!) What I could have done without on this wurst plate was the roll. If you're not going to have a good roll with a crusty outside and a nice soft inside then don't bother putting it on my plate! :) The potato pancakes were okay. A little bit greasy for my liking but when loaded up with apple sauce and sour cream they were quite yummy. To sum up the rest: the biergarten is not fancy (it's picnic style seating), there is no waitstaff (you go up to a food counter to order and pay for your food), CASH ONLY, there are peanuts everywhere, and the bathrooms are pretty clean. It's a fun place to have a drink with friends or get a bite of German food to eat.
This place is pretty interesting, though it's in a very commercial area that's absolutely dead in the evening. Once you're here, you can't really wander off anywhere else without getting in a car. A large variety of draught beer is available in .3, .5, and 1 litre glasses. The prices are very reasonable. I think the half litre was only about $4 or $5. A 2 litre "boot" is also available, but the price wasn't posted. Apparently you can have a free boot on your birthday and sharing with your friends is allowed. The bar and the food areas are separated. You can't order food at the bar, and you can't get beer at the food area. Seating is a free-for-all. I had a couple franziskaners and a bratwurst plate while I was here. Various sausages are available at the food area, among other things. When you get a sausage plate, you're given two sausages of your choice with sauerkraut, some potatoes, and a roll. The food is quite good and filling for the price.
Look, I'm not an Albany local - I'm just a passerby but I think that Nat B is ... pretty dead on about the biergarten. It seems more true to the theme than any other biergarten in Manhattan (although zum schneider has a great atmosphere when it's not just overflowing with people). The decor may not be authentic but it's really well done and I think well laid out. Despite it being pretty crowded (again I have NO idea what it's like usually - I was there on a Friday night) it was easy to navigate and pretty easy to grab a couple seats. We switched seats 4 times for some reason and it was pretty easy to relocate. The foot was ... ok but heck, at least it serves german food at a biergarten right? The currywurst just seemed like a large hot dog and needed the sauce for flavor but the potato pancakes were ok ($1 to substitute for the fries) and with the peanuts, it was plenty for what we needed. Had a few brews, watched some baseball, chatted it up with some people we happened to be seated next to and had a good time. * the boot is free (with deposit) on your birthday! (mental note)
Ok, folks. Wolff's is first and foremost a bar; it's not the Brown Derby or Angelina's, it's a bar. I really don't think the TU review was fair at all, which compelled me to write my own review, besides, here's better anyway. Not to be too harsh (everyone is entitled to their opinion), but, again, let's keep things in perspective. To that effect, I pose the following questions: 1. Where else in Albany are you going to get gurkensalat or jagerschnitzel? (i wonder if the author has ever had actual German food befor because in my experience, the gurkensalat, schnitzel and potato pancakes totally brought me back to my grandmother's home cooking as a kid growing up. The pork was tender, and the sauce was tangy. 2. Where else in Albany can you order such a variety of european beers (a) and have them served in 32oz mugs (b). Pump station has a nice variety, but WBG is totally different. For example, on your birthday, you get a free 'Das Boot', which, at least in my experience, has now superceded the giant Bombers birthday margarita as the destination and drink of choice around here. Finally the ambience is really unlike anything else around here. I find the peanut shells, yelling cooks and pong table to be charming. Ultimately, as long as you aren't going expecting a Nicole's-type experience, I think you will be pleasantly surprised. Two last heads-up: there is ZERO parking (on-street only), and it is CASH ONLY (ATMs go down, bring cash).
I was here last weekend for a brunch with my fiance, a friend, and parents.  We all had a real good meal.   Please note that I think brunch is overrated.  Not that I don't like it, but people make such a huge deal out of it.  Our friend eats gluten-free, and luckily this place didn't disappoint with her eggs and potato pancakes. I got a roast beef sandwich with side of potato salad.  It was a great sandwich loaded with roast beef and thick slices of cheese.  The rest of my party got platter with sausages and other breakfasty/brunchy/lunchy items. We also had some beers, and just relaxed for an hour.  A nice time.
Cash only. Cool decor. Great beer and food. Several TVs for game watching - soccer specifically, but a few had football on as well. Overall really enjoyed our experience. The cash only thing was the only bummer.
Went in only for a few drinks a couple times now. Really enjoy this place. Never had any food, this is a bar only review. Likes- Beer Selection Atmosphere- Benches, lights, music, all of it Dislikes- A bit loud on occasion
This is quite possibly my favorite bar in Albany. Great food, great atmosphere, and great beer! It does indeed get very crowded, especially if you go on a weekend, and sometimes there just aren't enough free benches. Normally I'm not a crowd person by any means, but in the Biergarten's case I think the crowd makes the bar that much better. The more people and the more noise, the more it feels like a real biergarten in Germany. The food is great and is one of the very, very few places to get good German food in the area. The beer is a little on the pricey side, but it's worth the extra bucks and don't forget, you get way more than you would in a bottle at another bar. Plus they have gluten-free beer, to the delight of many Celiac hearts!
Awesome space. Used to be fire house.
To start, we did not get to try their food or beverages. Here's why: 1- There were no open tables. Yes, it's open seating picnic style but it was packed at 6:30 PM on a Wednesday. 2- No service at the bar. We stood at the long bar to order beers but were ignored for a good 5 minutes despite being right at the bar. Not even eye contact was made. 3- It was unbelievably loud inside. There may have been music but all I remember was the exceptionally loud conversation. I was standing next my friends and could barely hear them. I may try this place again , perhaps for lunch so it's not so crowded. Also the parking is street parking and don't expect to just pull into a spot. I never had trouble finding a place before but this trip to the restaurant was a whole different story. On another note, stop at the bank before you go.  THEY DO NOT ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS! I will update this if and when I can finally get some service there.
While Wolff's wasn't the best biergarten I've been to (one in the Manhattan area comes to mind) it was certainly a great place for some good football (read: soccer), half liters of German beer, and darts. The atmosphere is very inviting with its large wooden bench-style tables garnished with baskets of peanuts (my demise during this particular experience here). Not sure about the servers, if there are even any, but the bartenders were friendly and quick with the pour. Overall a great experience, minus the bathrooms which were dirty; nothing terrible though. Keep in mind that it's CASH ONLY.
The beer list is online. It's (surprise!) very German and pretty deep. I had enough new beers to try to keep myself entertained. Cheese and Beer Soup was thin, but very good Chicken slider with lion sauce was the best use of lion sauce (some kind of seasoned condiment conglomerate, hard to pin down, could have had any combination of the mayo/ketchup/mustard trinity.) Potato pancakes were very fluffy and not nearly as leaden with oil as the one I have on hannukah, but they were dry and crispy on the outside, and thus good. Fleichkase was kinda dry and spammy. Not as salty as I expected for corned beef. It was tasty, and I was glad not to just have the basic pseudo-German food available, but not the best. Spaetzle was amazing. Browned and crispy, great with gravy. Pickles are quarter spears, kinda young, perfect deep fried but not great plain. Red cabbage is super vinegary and a little sweet. I loved it. We got a huge take home container and noshed happily for the next few days.
Pretty cool that there's a beer garden in a place like Albany. I suffered through 7 years in Boston without having a place to get Franzikaner, Paulaner, etc. on draft with real German food. Now I live in NYC so there are at least five awesome beer gardens that are much larger and have more beautiful people than Wolff's... But you guys are in Albany, so just be happy that you even have a place like Wolff's. As many reviewers have mentioned, this place does seem to get quite crowded. There were no more seats so my friends and I stood around on the side. Real estate in Albany is CHEAP -- Wolff's could probably double or even triple the size of their establishment and still pack the place. If you live in Albany, you need to go here... at least once a week.
5 stars because this bar is one-of-kind in the area.  The beer is always good (I recommend a dunkel) and the atmosphere is great. The food isn't the best German fare I've ever had, but it's still delicious.  Reviewers dropping stars because of food quality are crazy - it's not a German restaurant, it's a biergarten! Review that, not the food
I like Wolff's because they have my favorite beer of all time on tap - Fransikaner!  I've only been to one other place, many years ago, that had that on tap and they no longer offer it. We have tried the food and it's been hit or miss.  The brussel sprouts were very good (and I don't normally like them).  The spatzle was good as were the german mashed potatoes.  Sadly, the potato pancakes didn't live up to our expectations.  They were very heavy and greasy.  They would have been good if they weren't so greasy. The ambience is loud and drunken, typical of a german bier garten!  Overall, it's a fun place to hang out and have a good beer.
DAS BOOT!!!! Best place to go if you enjoy beer, but more craft beers not a Keystone/Bud fan bc this will definitely be a bit on the strong side for you. But anyway, best place for b-day beer because for a small deposit (i only had about 30$ on me and they still were cool) and to hold your ID, you get a huge I think, 2 liter boot filled w a beer of your choice.  As long as you don't steal the boot or break it you get your cash back and the free booze! Win Win! Peanuts galore to throw on the floor, pong tables and darts, but keep your smarts! Ok i'll stop rhyming.  Darts are scary close to the bathrooms though so beware when exiting.  I know they also serve some german food but its not exactly mimicking the fare on point so don't hope for home cooked wurst equivalent.  Just a fun place if you have a bunch of ppl that aren't the dancing type and just like to chill and talk and slugg brews all night.  Also has an outdoor small patio in front when its not too cold
came to this place for Oktoberfest, was awesome. They gave out these huge mugs that you can fill with beer. It was packed on this day, but it was very fun. Drank all day long.
For those that've been to Germany and visited real beer gardens, this please will please you. Even though you're technically indoors, the entire storefront is open during nice weather so, when you're sitting at a picnic table, at a hightop, or at the bar, you still feel like you're outdoors. The food selection is great but there are certain "classic restaurant items" that aren't on the list, so I suggest checking out the menu beforehand if you're picky. You can play a game of darts, drink a huge variety of beers (from a huge variety of glass sizes) and enjoy some hotdogs or bratwursts. The atmosphere is casual and very relaxed. I strongly suggest coming here in you're in Albany and you're looking for a chill place to have a brew!
Went here for my boyfriends birthday because of the Free boot of beer. A few things were GREAT about this place and a few bugged me about this place. Pros - You legit get a HUGE boot of beer for free (technically) if it's your birthday which is super cool! -The place was casual, bench style seating where you throw your peanut shells on the floor. -The food was pretty good. The Mac n cheese was seriously delicious! I'd get that again for sure! Cons - It's cash only. I didn't know that when we showed up and had to go to the ATM in the back of the joint and pay the fee to get cash out. Seriously annoying. -You have to put a $40 deposit down on your "free" boot of beer. Now, you get it back when you turn your boot in when you finish it. But .... what if you don't have $40 extra dollars (cash) just lying around? Again, super annoying. All in all, I'd go back. The food was reasonably priced and pretty yummy. But with the cash only policy, and it being way out in BFE (for me) ... it wouldn't be anytime soon.
Some of the best beer around and a great atmosphere. I've never really had German beer before I stepped into Wolff's, but after trying several different varieties here I have to say kudos to them for offering such a wide selection, I haven't had a bad liter yet. Nothing like drinking out of an authentic German stein either.   The food is decent, somewhat authentic which helps absorb the alcohol you are likely also consuming. The wurst pates are good. The baskets of peanuts they have on the bar and  tables is a nice touch. One thing that kind of sucks is its out of the way location. Better have a DD if you are planning on barhopping, you'll likely be driving to or from Wolff's as its out in the middle of NOWHERE (in terms of nightlife) in North Albany.  I do really like how they are located in an old firehouse though, it still feels like it both outside and inside. Sometimes it gets a little loud (with all the soccer fans) and crowded. Not the best place to bring the kids, but if you enjoy watching soccer, or just hanging out having some peanuts with an excellent beer then this is your place. They are cash only...I don't really care for that, but oh well. Bring cash. Highly recommended.
This place seems to be busy every night of the week. The atmosphere is great for a German pub - I like the cash system they have with the food as well. Authentic German and Belgian beer to be found on tap for Very reasonable prices as I am well aware of how much this stuff costs in bottles. Schnitzel is average in my experience, but then again I've never had mind blowing schnitzel. They serve strong European beer in a 64oz glass boot. Peanut shells are to be thrown onto the floor. Nuff said. Update: had mind blowing schnitzel. I still like Wolff's though.
great beer, great peanuts, great service, great great great, you can have a smaple beer if you wonder what it tastes like
Authentic German food and many beers from Germany on draft. Friendly and helpful staff. I come back for sure. Would be 5 star but I don't like watching TV when talking to my friends.
So i went to this place on a Saturday night and it was great, however there were a few problems.  first the positives:  its a great, relaxed atmosphere with plenty of things to do while you are there.  there's a ping pong table with friendly games going on all night, four brand new dart boards with a dart league starting soon, and even one of those big wooden murals with the faces cut out so that you can stick your head through and take pictures  my friends and i were entertained all night.  i didn't get to try the food, but i heard it was very good. most of the negatives that i noticed were probably due to opening weekend issues.  most importantly, they ran out of food and most of the beer at around 1AM.  maybe they didn't plan for such a big crowd, but i doubt this would happen again.  also, they are CASH ONLY!!  there is an ATM in the place, but it wasn't working the night i was there.  i'm not sure if they have plans to accept credit later on, but you should plan on using cash.   overall, the place is fun, the beers are cheap for the quality and quantity you get, and the crowd was great.  there were even three guys who would randomly get up and start singing german drinking songs.  i am definitely adding this place to my usual bar rotation.
This place has it all: good beer, good food, good atmosphere, all-you-can-eat pancake Thursdays. Real German beer served in real mugs, real German food, served among picnic tables, antler chandeliers, and picket fences--a strange mixture of authentic German refreshments, hunting lodge kitsch, and backyard Americana. The 'throw your peanut shells on the floor' thing can get a bit messy, and given the college-age clientele, other things may get thrown on the floor also, making the floor and tables sticky and gross, especially when crowded. In fact, the hoardes of college frat boys are really the only thing going against this place IMO--but I know they need that crowd to stay in business--I guess it's a catch-22.
Pros: Vast selection of German beer, beautiful beer garden/lodge-inspired decor and design, ample free peanuts to snack on, pretzel and fries were luscious Cons: Too far away, the peanut shells on the floor are kinda gross and easy to slip on Wolff's. A good place to go if you like beer and peanuts. 3.5 stars
If you have been to Wolff's Biergarten more than a handful of times I am pretty sure you have at least seen if not met me. In my opinion this is the greatest place in the Capital Region, my "Happy Place." The beer is outstanding, the peanuts are free, and futbol is always on the telly. That being said what makes Wolff's such a great and unique place is the staff. Whether they are simply taking my order, bouncing a few new jokes off me, or poking fun at my favorite EPL team they treat me like I belong there. But the best and most unique thing about the staff at Wolff's is there is zero turnover. Seriously, I have frequented this place since it opened and about 90% of the staff have been there since day one, or at least shortly after. I have theory that Wolff's is the Holy Grail of bartending jobs. So after all that this place is a must visit, I mean where else can you get a huge order of Saturday morning pancakes and a liter?
One of my friends brought me to this place, knowing that I'm a sucker for a 1 liter mug of some German deliciousness. The biergarten is more of a garage type setup where the whole front of the bar opens up. It's definitely different and it works out pretty well if you ask me. Oh yeah, back to the beer. They serve up monster mugs of all the German standards, you know the deal. They also have food but I didn't try any as this was an after dinner bar visit. In the back, they have dartboards that you can use for free while you drink which is pretty nice. I would recommend to anyone who craves a good tall glass.
People looking for an authentic german meal beware - this place is good for beer and peanuts but definitely not a place for wursts kartoffelsalats and schnitzels. Everything we ordered came out greasy, "rolls" that are given are hot-dog rolls. Beer was plentiful and service staff was friendly despite the hoards of students on a friday night but I would not go back again for the food.
"Das Boot" by Josh K. A few months ago it was my birthday, I came, I drank a boot of good German beer, a played darts, and I vomited. Last week it's my friend's birthday.  We came, he drank a boot of beer, we played darts, and he vomited. Tonight, it was another birthday.  We came, we drank, we played darts, we shared the boot, we ordered food, and finally, nobody vomited. From the twisted mind that brought us the much beloved Bombers, and built into an old warehouse Garage, Wolff's Biergarten is quickly becoming an Albany institution.  Being the first German biergarten (a growing trend in NYC and beyond) in the Capital District doesn't hurt. I love the space, the beer selection is great, the "authentic" German food is decent (brats, wursts, snitzel, kraut etc.), and there are plenty of discarded peanut shells littered about. Wolf's Biergarten is fun but can get a little cramped on the weekends or during a big sports game. If you have been here for the World Cup then it becomes an all out block party. The bar staff is cool, the Euro "futbal" loving vibe is refreshing, and it's the only place I know about in Albany where I can drink get a proper Hofbrauhaus stein of great Deutchland brew.
Very good food, very good beer, very good atmosphere although I would ask for quieter music on a Saturday night - you have enough of a din with people talking, no one's trying to hear the music above it all. The free beer boot on your birthday is a big plus. However, thanks to very inflated prices, that's about all I'd come here for. Not your everyday neighborhood haunt, for sure.
Great beer, authentic food. I came here with a bunch of friends on a Sunday for lunch. First of all, the fact that you can get breakfast/brunch at a biergarten on a Sunday morning is completely awesome. You order beer at the bar and food at a counter in the back. The whole establishment is CASH ONLY.  I got a franziskaner dunkel and currywurst. Both were great. You sit on benches on wooden tables with plenty of good peanuts to crack open, and you throw the shells on the floor. Pretty awesome experience.
Pricey good beer but lack of parking space and the bouncers calling in rows makes this place a complete shit hole. Never going back. Sorry to waste so much of my time and money for a night of hassle with towing company and such. Tell Omni development to make their sign BIGGER!!!!
I found this place by accident and I must say I was impressed.  Despite its location in a fairly industrial/run-down section, inside I found relatively yuppie-decor  in this Biergarten (lights strung from the ceilings, baskets of peanuts on long picnic like tables) and some heavy-duty German food. My food and beer were good-- not amazing-- but I imagine that you go to this place for the company more than the food.  Given that I was there on a midweek afternoon, I didn't get a sense of how the place picks up in the evening. A fun and unexpected place for Albany, for sure.
Ok, so here's the thing.  The ambiance is cute and fun; the beer selection is awesome, and the staff is helpful, buuuuuuut it seems a little overpriced for what is essentially fancy hotdogs/sausages and french fries. That and there's no table service, and it's cash only. Eh.
You go and return here for the German beers and laid back atmosphere.  Food is 2-stars.  If you enjoy soccer, you'll give it 4-stars.
This place is an absolute favorite of mine.  You come into the place and its always filled with people having a good time.  The bartenders are pretty nice and waiting for a drink is never really an issue.  The beer list is really the reason you come to the place.  They have a ton of beers on tap and a bunch of bottled beers as well, so this place is really awesome for a great beer!  What's great is that despite the wide variety of beers  you never feel like the beer your drinking is stale.  Now last night was the first time I had dinner here and it was pretty solid.  I ordered the loaded pig and it was delicious.  I will definitely be coming back for more food and obviously beer!
Love the atmosphere and the different beer. Need to try the brats before I give them five stars.
Great venue for large groups with reasonable prices. Large tv screens streaming sports makes this place a winner. Only thing missing is billiards.
Fantastic place to have a few beers and a good time.  Food is average.  Prices aren't exactly cheap.  But the uniqueness of this place is what makes it.
I love the atmosphere at Wolff's Biergarten! The bartenders and servers are always friendly. The food is delicious and the beers and wines are also great! It's a great place to go with a group of people.
This is just a great bar.  My first time there was during the 2010 UEFA Cup Championship game... and I showed up late.  The place was packed and I was barely able to move.  It took me close to 10 minutes just to get close enough to the bar to order a beer.  The crowd was great and, surprisingly, evenly split with folks rooting for Milan and folks rooting for Munich, of course.  After a while, my friends and I were able to carve out our own space against a large fake tree towards the back of the place.  I ordered some sort of wurst plate and was expecting the worst since it was just a crazy game day, but they were delicious and the fries came out crisp and hot.  Great banter with the bartender... I think he was Scottish.  Cannot wait to go back for World Cup.
Love their sliders and if I drank beer i would probably 5 star it
I can't believe there aren't more five star reviews on here.  Amazing tap list, chill environment (at least when I went, which was somewhat early on a Friday - like 6 - 8 PM), great food and a nice cross-section of people.  Honestly better than any beer garden I've been to in NYC.   Can't wait to bring some out-of-towners to prove ALB has some cool places!
Wunderbar! I was really excited to find this place and intend on making it one of my usual hangouts.  Lately I've been more of a wine drinker, but this place made me want to try every beer they have.  And all the beers on tap are served in proper glasses which shows an attention to detail that I appreciate. The peanuts are a little weird, but I love peanuts and they go great with the beer. So I'm willing to get over it.  Maybe if they choose to upgrade at some point they'll replace picnic tables with nicer long communal wood tables and benches instead. The food is really good and very authentic.  The schnitzel and spaetzle was similar to how my German relatives cook.  Comfort food.   I was a little surprised to find out that they have no plans to accept credit cards. Not sure what the thinking is there. Overall, this is a fantastic bar and fast becoming one of my favorite places in Albany.
Great beer selection and prices are good. Food is good and also very reasonable
I've been back a few times and have enjoyed the experience and the food as well. Nothing fancy, but good every time.
this place is awesome!  come here on your birthday for a free boot!  all the food is great, prices are pretty reasonable.  only downside is the location, you feel like you might get shot.
Food was original, service was awesome and drinks were great. However, the drive there in the depressed Albany city was not so fun. If it's location was better, it would have warranted a better score. If you are in Albany on business, it's worth a trip, but don't get off the highway to venture there.
My favorite bar in Albany.  Incredible beer selection both draft and bottle.  Fair prices for such high-quality German imports.  Love the size option as well, makes sampling beers easier or gulping down large quantities easy as well.  Food is outstanding, both breakfast and dinner.  And of course, the soccer.  If you like soccer, you MUST check out a game at Wolff's.  Vibrant atmosphere, great sound system, great TV's.  Peanuts on the table, and you must sweep your shells on the floor and stomp them.  Does it get any better? No.
Love this place.  What an interesting theme, albeit off the beaten path a bit.  Great Euro beers, as expected.
Finally went with husband and child b/c she adores "German music." Fantastic beer selection at very reasonable prices. (I'd love to see an Austrian beer among the selection, tho'.) We did eat. My wursts were pretty good; the mashed potatoes were sinfully good. Kiddo's frankfurter was good, and I suspect she'll now expect peanuts on the table at all restaurants. Hub's kielbasa plate disappointed. It tasted like Hillshire Farms -- too much filler. Bilinski's is not too far up the road. Think on it. Fair prices all around. What bothered me most was the sports arena-style pretzel warmer. Yeah, I know. It just bothered me. We tried it on the eve of UEFA 2012 knowing I'll be back to catch some games soon.
The overbearing doorman hassled all of my over-21 friends, accused one of using a fake, and wouldn't let me in because of a JUST expired license. Unfriendly, and disrespectful.
awesome beers for $7-10, free 2L birthday boot, free peanuts, food stand (though rarely staffed). outdoor seating. awesome place. terrible neighborhood. same owners as bombers.
The Bomber's owner is not concerned about food(He doesn't seem too concerned about it at Bombers either)....This place is great for beer. That's it in a nutshell.  I only go here to have german/european beer...and if you want to get loud and watch sports it's excellent.  If you must eat, eat a hotdog or the sliders...and peanuts of course. I tried the goulash once and I couldn't find any beef in it. I know German food pretty well and this isn't even close.
This place is a great place to watch a soccer game. They carry all the English Premier League, and other European Leagues. Also, they tend to buy the pay-per-view US Soccer Qualifying and tournament games. The beer is great, the food is awesome as well.
3 Stars for the beer.  Nice selection - a change from the ordinary choices. Reasonably priced as well. We waited for the bartender to take our order for a good 10 minutes after setting aside the menu.  When we finally got her attention we were told to order at the "window".  OK... maybe mention that when you give us menus.  Food sounds fun and not the same old thing but didn't add up to much of anything.  Good potential but impossibly greasy. My husband even took the bun off the sliders. Never seen that before in the last 20 years. Should have ordered the pretzel with dipping sauces.  Great place for a beer and a snack.  Not a place to have lunch at any level.
This place is 4.5 stars, but I'm gonna just round up for DAS BOOT. Positives: Just about everything. I'm more into American beers than Germans, but I still love this place. The food is great authentic-ish German style. Free peanuts is always a nice touch, too. The German beer selection is pretty solid, as I believe they have some standard offerings plus some rotating ones based on the season. This place is a must on your birthday in Albany, unless you can't handle the Albany Marathon, of course. The give you a free big ol' Das Boot if you spend $20 or something like that, which is a great deal if you ask me. You can even recreate scenes from Beer Fest if you're so inclined. The other huge draw to this place is that it's easily the best soccer bar in the Albany area. You'll regularly see soccer jerseys all over this place during the Premier League season and every 2 years for the European Cup and World Cup. This year for the World Cup, they've set up a tent across the street at Stout with TVs and a bar inside for a similarly awesome atmosphere. Negatives: Cash only and a little pricey for Albany.
Super fun pub with a ping pong table, peanuts, beer and all the wursts and schnitzels your heart desires. You can even stick your head in cutouts of German beer maids and take a picture. Oh, and I guess they show futbol, if you're into that sorta thing. Huge bar, communal-style dining and the back half -- separated by what's likely the biggest fake tree that ever did exist -- features higher tables and darts. I had the Kielbasa and pommel with curry sauce, which sounded very interesting but is actually just seasoning. The sausage was giant (sans bun). My friends had some of the stuffed sausages that I stole small bites of and they were flavorful and meaty/hearty. If I could go back, I'd check out the German brunch on weekends. And don't forget that it's cash only (ATM inside).
