I was dying of thirst walking through downtown Stuart yesterday. It was crazy hot outside & I needed a drink ASAP. I was ecstatic to find Stuart Coffee. Walking by the store it appears to be a small coffee shop. I was so very wrong. I had the iced coffee made with pumpkin and caramel. I am a Starbucks girl & this coffee was so much better than anything I have ever had from Starbucks. The price was so inexpensive it made me wonder why I waste my money at other coffee places. Oh yeah, this is the only location. If they opened a store near me I would definitely be a regular. What a cool place. They have two entrances, so you can enter the store from two different streets in downtown Stuart. Part of the store has the counter & some tables & chairs along with some coffee products that you can purchase. The back of the store has couches, more tables & comfy chairs & a bookshelf loaded with board games. On Saturday nights they have a jazz performer. I could not help but mentally compare Stuart Coffee to Central Perk (fictional coffee hangout in Friends). I could just imagine Phoebe belting out a chorus of Stinky Cat.  :) I was not hungry so I did not order anything to eat but everything looked good. The walls have some really cool pictures & wooden signs that are for sale that are all reasonably priced. Everyone sitting & drinking coffee looked relaxed & the music they had on was pretty decent. Next time I am in Stuart I will be sure to drop in at Stuart Coffee for an outrageously flavored iced coffee. Hopefully it will be a Saturday night so I can listen to some jazz music too.
This is a must stop on every trip to Downtown Stuart.  The coffee is my favorite in South Florida and the prices always shock me...they r so reasonable. Today I enjoyed an Iced Pumpkin and Caramel before heading back home.  As always, it was perfect. One great cup of Joe, good for entering and leaving the area.  The snacks are also terrific.
Customer service gets a solid C- because it's evenly split. Some of the people working are happy to be there, happy to serve, happy to answer questions, happy to try something new. The other half seem unhappy with life, uneducated about their products, totally unable to work under pressure and completely under qualified to be in management positions. That pretty much says it all. Oh wait- the brand of almond milk they use here is Blue Diamond. Taste like ass!
Perfectly situated coffee shop and bakery that serves both alcohol and real food. The outside seating is perfect for people watching and the inside is great for reading or just relaxing. Very low key and reasonably priced.
If Stuart Coffee replaced my local Starbucks, I would be elated. I loved the atmosphere, very artsy and a little hipsterish, in a good way. The coffees we had were great, and I would love to go back to try their food. And the fact that they have an evening happy hour with craft beer is so win. If you love coffee shops, Stuart Coffee is a must.
This place has really good coffee. They know what they're doing. The big downer is that the customer service rots. I know it's early ladies, but smile. I don't want to come in to a place, and feel like I'm an inconvenience. Hopefully the owner reads this, and gives their staff the tools needed for customer service. I'll be back later.
I finally got to try this place after passing it so many times downtown. The atmosphere of the shop is great! The place has butt loads of art hanging on the walls from local artists. I love beach art and anything tropical. In the coffee shop there was an easel set up where it looked like an artist comes and paints while people watch. So cool. The coffee and food were okay. The coffee had a very strong flavor for a house blend. But I love coffee so I didn't mind. My mom and I split a banana nut bread cake. Again, okay. I would probably try this place again. If anything to look at the art!
Nice joint! We have a group meeting here, the room isn't huge but it is comfy and cozy. Someone suggested we move to Panera Bread- NO WAY, GO LOCAL!
Good sandwiches, great tomato soup. Kind of a biased review as I do not drink coffee. But good for food as well!
Well-sourced, well-made brewed coffee, espresso and specialty drinks. Comfy; good place to read, work or chat. I have a feeling the staff is waaay underpaid. They seem alienated.
nice decor, coffee was ok.  people were really nice here. pastries look good. downtown stuart is nice and cute.
Good coffee, quite (no music good for studying), get the point card for each coffee u get. Tables are small and chairs are hard wood, lack of electrical ports.
Okay the Apple Gouda Sausage egg wrap is soooo good! Lots of flavor, not your boring egg wrap or egg sandwich! Add a little Pumpkin Spice coffee, nice outside seat, husband and little cocker spaniel makes for a good start on a Sunday morning! Love downtown Stuart places where the dog can go...which is most of them!
Just having moved back to California this is a place to miss with the amazing service and wonderful  vibes this is a must visit if your in down town Stuart
I've said it in other reviews, I am a fan of the local coffee shop.  This one has a nice vibe.  Simple place, food and coffee, friendly service and nice folks all around me.
The best thing is that it aint't starbucks which embodies pretty much all that I find loathsome. And, like, all that that other stuff they sell is pretty good. Awesome little place - please don't go out of business of sell to another ersatz evil co
Good, solid, comfortable downtown coffee shop with free wireless and good chairs. The people who work there are friendly. Their only web presence seems to be facebook.com/StuartCoffe…
Great, friendly service. We had coffee, espresso and a bacon, egg & ch on a croissant. Everything was great, like the seating, decor and ambience as well.
Great coffee stop! They have plenty of space inside including couches and comfy chairs to relax and enjoy their fresh brew. They also have a couple of tables out on the sidewalk to watch the passers-by. Great tasting coffee and great service at a great location, right in Stuart. A walk away from everything. I will be back the next time I'm in Florida!
For the same price of just a coffee at Starbucks you get an excellent coffee and bagel. And supports local small business.
Great coffee, similar prices to starbucks however tastes much better! Staff is always super nice too!
