Awesome time with locals and visitors. Party starts at other venue on the strip and ends at crush bar which is consider the last stop.  Looking for breakfast after all the partying ..There is a Denny for coffee and food. $5 jolly rancher shots and other shots
Wonderful atmosphere, the owner is great- very friendly and welcoming- great music- however, I know that myself as well as an amount of locals have been very discouraged to go to Crush due to one of their bartenders: Patrick. We have experienced him belittling customers, making them feel less-than with his condescending remarks and overall bad attitude. He makes his customers feel like a burden and an annoyance. I have heard him characterized as grumpy and having woken up on the wrong side of the bed on many occasions. You go to a bar for a good time and good company, people have been avoiding crush because they don't want to spend their money to be talked down to.
This place is okay, but I like Vine and Barley in PSL better.
Pretty fun wine bar. They have wine dispensers all over the different rooms with lots of different options to accomdate all types of wine lovers. They also have a lot of different beers on tap and in glass. They have a great little rotating menu with different cheese boards and biscuits that are really good. Great for a fun night out with friends or an early time before the crowd gets there.
Nice place. Very quiet and relaxing if you go early at around 8PM before the crazy crowd comes by. Have a nice chat with the bartender and actually be able to hear yourself when you speak. I had an overall great experience. The people were nice. I would recommend that they serve ice wine, dessert wine, and/or Sangria. I love them more than Riesling! :)
Great Lounge and Bar atmoshere. Loved the Wines. Great Date Night Place. Would suggest some live entertainment.
Is there any karaoke there saturday night?
Great location and nice contemporary decor. Probably the only bar in downtown that's open till 2.00 on weekends. Good thing liquor is now served and also a good DJ
Friends and I had a great time here last Saturday night!  Really great place for Stuart.  Owner was friendly and played great music.
This place is a novelty act where you buy a card to access self-service wine dispensers.  Loud, odd and compared to the prices in an average lounge or bar, VERY OVERPRICED.  Wines purchased here work out to twice the price of other places, without the quiet comfort of a place to enjoy them.  It the machines were dispensing tequila, maybe the ambiance would be appropriate. The only reason I gave them 2 stars instead of none was that it is cool that you can get a 1 or 2 ounce pour of wine to try different things, but I would have rated the experience higher if it had been in a 7-11.
