First off, let me say, I'm not too keen on the reviews complaining about the amount of children here.  As an adult,  I would NEVER attend a place like this on my own.  I come here for my kids only.  This is a place that is probably MOSTLY for children, and I don't know many adults who voluntarily bounce around in trampolines unless they're circus performers.  If you don't like children, don't go to places that cater to children.  Not saying there aren't horribly behaved kids out there, because there are, but really? Anyway, my kids love it here.  It gets all their energy out, and in very thankful for that, because they sleep very well after a session here.  It's a smidge pricey and the lines can be long to jump.  So I knocked it down a star for that.  But the kids have a blast, so I'll return.
Looking for a fun workout with kids during the winters? Well, this is a perfect place for kids to get their extra energy rolling by bouncing and jumping, while you workup your entire self ! Just make sure that you don't eat just before you go there. Keep a water bottle handy just in case. Its a nice sneaky place that is closer to airport and without gps its a little hard to locate. Great for b'day parties and they have all ages play areas. we just went with friends on a regular sunday evening (they close by 6pm on Sunday ). They have lockers for your shoes or personal items. I gave 4 stars as the waive part scares me for kids. My younger one got hurt when someone else jumped on his foot . They have separate bouncing areas for each and very have people always watching everyone, but with little kids you never know, so you need to keep an eye on them when its crowded. Otherwise its a great place and would love to come back for more fun !
I took a sky performance class for the first time and although I loved the instructor, I was disappointed that the exercises really had nothing to do with the trampolines.  everything we did we could have done on a gym floor. the only time we jumped was in the beginning for the warm up. also, not too keen on the idea of touching and laying all over places that other sweaty people were just on 2 seconds ago :( maybe I'll take the sky aerobics class. it sounds like that it is mostly jumping and not much contact :) also music could have been louder and they need to offer more variety classes and more days/times of classes.  i think it is very limited.
Even though I am 23 I still had a great time here with my kids! Place is great for parties or just you can your kids. Also if you are looking for some cardio exercise you can come here and jump all your calories out of you. Place is clean and cheap. $19 for an hour and 15min of play and a great activity to do on a Friday or Saturday night with the kids. They have dodge ball, a foam pit, and a basketball dunking area.
We just stopped into Sky Zone to say "hi" for a birthday party. I have been to one before in Minneapolis and enjoyed it. However, I also realized how "old" I really am as after jumping for 15 minutes it felt like I was there for over 3 hours! This location is in the far back of the business park near the airport. It was a really clean environment and didn't smell like stinky feet and sweaty people. I did notice that they had a party room that was reserved for another birthday - it was decorated and looked like a good resting place for when everyone was done jumping. The trampolines work the perimeter of the room, inclusive of a dodgeball court, and basketball hoops and there is plenty of seating and tables for parents to stay and watch. The staff at Sky Zone looked like they were having fun and did a good job of keeping everyone safe and happy. I applaud that they are cautious of how close jumpers are to each other and that an adult isn't bouncing a little kid to the ceiling. I will be going back to try out jumping for myself sometime soon!
My... ahem... physiology isn't exact conducive to bouncing, but it looked like fun so we decided to go check it out. Holy geez, it's a work out and every muscle into body, and everything else just hurt for like three days.  Just from bouncing.  Despite my best efforts to strap em and pack em in, I should have gone to the UPS store first because my boobs were KILLING me.  Killing. Me. But it was really fun and I'd like to go back when it's a lot less crowded.  Because it was crowded. Oh, and Dodge Ball was fun and I have new bruises to prove it.  The staff were hit or miss, some cool, some not so cool.
I visited Sky Zone with a few friends a couple weeks ago.  Although we were hands down the oldest "jumpers" there (other than the on-looking parents sitting at the table area) we had SO much fun....and squeezed some cardio in while we were at it! The website describes it as a "unique physically active experience" whose "all-trampoline, walled playing courts" have earned a US patent.  You should probably just check it out for yourself before reading anymore of this review, just so we're on the same page :)   here's a video from the website wnyliving.tv/VideoPlayer… I admit, I'm a bit of a scaredy-cat...so I spent my entire fourteen dollar hour jumping up and down on one trampoline at a time (perfectly content, might I add); however, if you are a daredevil, or have even the slightest bit of coordination--which i'm lacking--you can amp up your experience and transfer from one trampoline to the next, hurl yourself against trampoline walls or into a foam pit, shoot hoops, or participate in a group game of trampoline-dodgeball. They encourage people of all ages to join in the fun....and there is a huge emphasis on the healthy aspect of the experience.  I saw signs all over advertising different dodgeball leagues and aerobic groups/memberships for a wide variety of ages...although I am not sure on the prices/times/specifics. There is a "healthy snack bar" but I was too busy jumping to check out the menu and verify the actual healthiness of said snacks.  And I saw a parents' lounge and a few birthday party rooms, so I imagine it probably gets pretty crazy on Saturday afternoons (I'm flashing back to my Discovery Zone days.) We chose to go with the hour long package, and like I mentioned earlier, it was $14 per person per hour.  They have all sorts of packages you can choose from, depending on your jumping needs.   The staff seemed helpful but perhaps a bit young and still working on building confidence because I noticed a few kids breaking some rules (which are posted everywhere) and the one "ref" visibly hesitated to say something to them.  Umm, I'm a teacher and find it nearly impossible to allow children to run amuck even when I'm off duty, so I stepped right in and set the kids straight, looked at the "ref" and said, "Don't worry buddy, I got you."  The oldest staff member looked about 22 and was working the front desk. Dress comfortably (Think gym clothes) and don't worry about foot attire.  They give you sweet Sky Zone high tops, but unlike bowling shoes, you keep both your shoes and have to put them in public cubbies.  Don't wear your Uggs or Jordans--We were there on a rather slow afternoon and I still saw about 18 pairs of brand new uggs that I am almost certain were Christmas gifts for a group of pre-teen girls who were enjoying some dodgeball on the other side of the "park."  All I could think was how sad it would be if one of the girls had to go home barefoot because someone decided to trade in their boots. (ok, so I secretly laughed to myself at that thought...but just heed my warning so it doesn't happen to you.)   NEGATIVES:   They make you sign a waiver (that's not the negative)--and I recently heard a friend broke her leg there (but that is!)  But if you know your own abilities, and you are smart about it, you should be good to go.  (Kids may need an extra safety warning or two...because I can see how things could get out of control quickly and as explained, the supervision might be a little lax.) Also, I think reservations are strongly suggested due to their recent advertising efforts (ie. Janet Snyder?? lol)  We tried to make reservations on their website last week to go a second time and the website said they were not accepting reservations at any of the times that we picked.  Not sure if that was a website issue because we never made a phone call to follow up.  Maybe I'll do that tomorrow. Hmm..and I probably wouldn't eat before you go.  I was surprised at how funny I felt after jumping for an hour straight.  ha!
I may have given this 4 stars if my friends and I hadn't gone on a Saturday night.  There were too many rugrats running around for my taste.  It would be fun to come here on an "adults only" night. The dodgeball was overrated, in my opinion, but the foam pit was kind of fun.  The foam pit consists of a couple trampolines on which you gain your momentum, then you can flip, jump or fall into a huge pit of squishy cubes.  The pit is deep; I couldn't even tell you how farm down the cubes go.  The foam pit is not for germophobes. The best part about this place is the workout.  We were all sweating after just a few minutes of jumping around.  I felt much safer than I expected and I wasn't concerned about injury.  You have to bounce on your own individual square of trampoline so you don't have someone else bouncing and possible jarring your knee. Wear tall socks because the shoes they give you cover your ankle and you don't want that rubbing against your skin.  The shoes also made me feel a little more protected from rolling my ankle. All in all a decent time especially if you go with a large group of friends (we had about 15 adults ranging from 28-40).
I had my doubts, but my youngster HAD to try it.  It was a huge hit!  It's bigger than the website makes it look.  It's well run and the workers make it easy on parents while making sure everyone follows the rules.  (You really need rules in a place like this or the building would collapse under the chaos.)  It was busy, but not totally insane (again I credit the workers for this miracle) It's not cheap.  But I feel the kid got our money's worth.   I wouldn't take kids too young there.  Probably not younger than kindergarten.  They'll get crushed.
Awesome place! Had an amazing time with my kids. They sell out fast so buy online ahead of time so you can get the time slot you want. Wear athletic clothing because you're going to be jumping around a lot .
Personally, I feel this place represents my personal nightmare...hoards of young children running and jumping around like a bunch of germy animals.  However, I'm not the target audience so instead I've decided to elicit the help of a little fella who recently went there...and this is his review: (7 year old boy**):  Its kinda fun and has a lot of trampolines.  I liked hitting the walls and hurt my clavicle.  My mom would not let me eat there.  Ummm the foam pit was really fun though I had trouble getting out of it.  My favorite part was hitting the walls and bouncing off and hitting off.  I didn't have any hardness getting out of the pit...your just writing that...it wasn't hard at all.  Ummm I will want to go there again.  They made me wear these really stupid sneakers.  They would let you bounce barefoot but its in the winter and who would really want to do that.  Who am I talking to?...read this back now.    I didn't go in the dodge ball pit because I didn't wanna and there was a long line.  Can I have another bon bon (I bribed him with Bon Bons to help me with the review)?  Seriously can I have one?  I was going in the basketball court and people were cutting me...and I got mad and got out of line when people were cutting.  There were 800 kids and adults there.  I only went in the foam pit once because there was a long line, and all these girls kept cutting me...and do not ask me another question...ok Joe?   So final question for the little fella:  Laser Tron or SkyZone what would you pick? Little fella:  Laser Tron is way better because you run around with guns and shoot people and your running and shoot people and you can't see em then you get shot and they get shot and you win!!! There ya have it...out of the mouth of a 7 year old.   **He gave it four stars
Awesome place for kids (and adults)! I went there--without kids-- and had a blast. They have 4 sections of trampolines: one for dodgeball, one for toddlers, the main area, and the one that leads to the ball pit.  Besides being overwhelmed by children it was a great time!  They have a lot of rules to prevent injuries which is the only downside.... and maybe that they should have some larger trampolines too (for us big kids). All in all at $10 for 30 minutes and $14 for an hour, I would definitely go back!
I went here with my boyfriend and my 7 year old son. (See Joseph L. for the lil fellas review) First mistake we made was going on a Saturday. It was kinda last minute, we were going to go ice skating outside but due to the warm weather were forced to adapt. So we chose Skyzone. I think I would have enjoyed it more so had we gone on a weekday evening. So many kids, birthday parties, and little little tykes, and a few lil a&@hole kids thrown in the mix. The lines were long. If you wanted to jump into the foam pit 2 or 3 times, it ate up a good 20 mins of your time pass. It is one heck of a workout though. 5 minutes of jumping is comparable to an hour long gym workout. Prepare to sweat so wear appropriate clothing. Wear socks that go above your ankles because they give you shoes to wear... I am a bit of a germ-a-phob... guess this is not the place to go... so I just tried not to think about all the germs in the shows and foam pit. They have a dodge ball area which looked fun, but again, the lines were really long. All in all, I will probably return but mos def not on a weekend.
