What a find!   I had some time to kill before I headed back to work and the Yelp! reviews guided me here.  They deserve all the positive reviews they get.  This is a small independant coffee shop with lots of charm and an extremely friendly staff.   They had ALMOND MILK!  They layout of the store is very versitile.  They are very well set up if you  want to hang out on a couch for a while relaxing,  work on your laptop, or just get a cup of coffee to go.   Can't say enough about this place.  If you are in the area, give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
I had a court hearing at the courthouse up the street, so afterwards I was looking for a quick snack and cup of Joe before making the trek back to Ft Lauderdale.  Always like trying new little coffeehouses and this one rightfully had some great reviews.   The staff was super friendly and was quick to tell me that all of their items were organic and natural.  I was a little disappointed that they did not offer a "pour over" since this is my favorite way to enjoy my brew, but they did have a very nice drip from Paula New Guinea.  I totally planned on pairing this with a quiche, but like most times that I plan on trying to be healthy, I was quickly distracted by the raspberry almond bar...yup, that won the prize.  Boy am I glad too, because it was delicious!   This place is really nice and super relaxing.  I highly suggest swinging by and hanging out for a while if you're in the area.
Such a relaxing patio. I wish my house had a porch like Blue Door. Simply delicious food/drinks and friendly atmosphere. I recommend the pumpkin chai latte.
The atmosphere at Blue Door is very homey. Unfortunately during weekends it can become quite crowded and noisy. All my friends and I ordered was tea, but it was delicious. The girl behind the counter was quite rude, and seemed to give us glares (as we were sitting in a table close to her) throughout our evening there. I had higher hopes for this little coffee shop, but I will probably visit again.
Lovely quaint coffee/wine house. Got the baked brie, olives, & baguette & drank Italian wine with a friend. Great local spot in Stuart to relax, catch up with friends, or study - this find is refreshing after all the common Starbucks have wiped out local coffeehouses. Support your local baristas!
Everyone raves about this place, so I gave it a try expecting great coffee. The cafe au lait I ordered was lukewarm at best and tasteless. Mac and cheese was good, but took fifteen minutes to come out. Cute area, great patio, decent beer selection... But stay away from the coffee.
I was looking for a place with wifi in hopes of finishing up some work. Coffee bar blue door caught my eye on yelp and I decided to give it a shot after seeing the great reviews. Walking in, my first impression was this is a small, cute, aesthetically pleasing coffee shop. The court yard is beautiful at night, the food is good, and they use organic milk! You can't go wrong with the caramel latte! The girl at the counter was friendly, energetic and helpful. Good service overall, I will definitely be coming back!
Love the atmosphere - not enough coffee houses around here. Coffee is good enough and the baked goods are tasty. Great service.
I genuinely love this place. The staff are always very nice as soon as I walk in the door. The decor is cute, charming, and very comfortable.  They serve a cappuccino that's the best I've had outside of Europe and their coffee is exceptional. I strongly recommend to anyone in need of a daily coffee fix.
It's all good - the food, the decor, the coffee, the booze, the service, the charm of the place! I was visiting Stuart on July 4th and discovered this amazing place.  I spent most of my day there!  I started out going in the morning for breakfast and coffee, and we ended up going again after the fireworks for drinks. This is just the most charming place.  The vegetarian breakfast sandwich was delicious, as was a raspberry bar that I ordered.  We also had an espresso.  My friend tried 2 different beers, and liked both of them.  I had a very good iced mango green tea (I think that's what it was). This is a low-key, casual, relaxing place.  The service is wonderful.  What I really loved about the place was the charm and character of it.  The decor is fun to look at - they have a lot of interesting things on the walls.   The outdoor seating area is in a shady garden.  There are plenty of tables and chairs out there.  It's a nice space to just sit and relax.  There is also indoor seating. Out of my 10 hours spent in Stuart, I would have to say that about half was spent here.  I just loved it and can't wait to go back!
Everything you like in an independent coffee shop. Great outdoor courtyard for sipping away life's troubles. The muffins are fresh made locally FYI.
Came for a second visit here but first time for the movie night of Across the Universe and I must say, I really love the atmosphere and energy of this place. I wish I had discovered it sooner too. The staff are friendly and so are the customers who dine here. They carry coffee, alcohol beverages, organic tea, organic almond milk and filtered mineral water. See what I mean? Everything shouts "Great!" about this place. It's small yet cozy and the courtyard is absolutely a beauty. Definitely a great place to meet up, hang out with friends, their food and beverage menus are not the least bit disappointing nor overpriced. My favorites are the Republic of Teas, their tomato & mozzarella salad, and chicken white bean soup. I am looking forward to next Monday's movie night, Mama Mia. Starts at 8, come and join us. I'm also looking forward to Trivia night on Tuesdays. This should be lovely. They do host private parties so be sure to call in, get the info, and make reservations. Students, if you are looking for work, they could probably use help. I hate to say this, but to be honest, this place rocks so much more than Starbucks.
Comfortable, airy, friendly staff, well-sourced coffees, great beer selection, good wine selection, beautiful courtyard. Best coffee bar for miles, bar none [groan]. [Added 10/18/2013: They book good musicians, too.]
Absolutely loved finding this cafe!! Fantastic atmosphere, good seating, the overall ambiance is that fosters good conversation over a good drink (either coffee, wine or beer). The decor was wonderful. The one suggestion I would have comes down to preference, and that is the coffee is not very bold. Disclaimer I drink coffee black, and my wife had a cappuccino and had the same suggestion. Highly recommend, I will absolutely come back when I'm in Stuart.
After trying the other coffee shops in downtown Stuart, THIS is my favorite. I just love the atmosphere, their smaller menu, their food and lattes, and the brick, fenced-in patio which is accessible from the street. The patio has a huge, beautiful tree providing most of the shade over it. They also offer movie nights and live music nights on the patio. LOVE the veggie quiche, and the Quiche Lorraine is good too.
Very cute coffee/wine spot. Live music sometimes, the ambiance is beautiful outside under the lights
Great little coffee shop in the heart of Stuart.  A must stop for any coffee lover. Nice outdoors sitting. Great music and good vibes
Cool little atmosphere. Nice coffee and beer selection. Would've rated it higher if the service was a quicker and if the bartenders acted like they cared just a little. The bar set up isn't ideal and it takes a LONG time to get a drink (wait for it...), a very long time.
Went there a couple days ago for the first time and i loved it. It is such a cute little secret coffee house. It's very homey inside and the staff is very kind and helpful. I also love that they host movie and music nights and bingo! My latte and pumpkin muffin were very delicious. I cant wait to go back :)
Oh my gosh this place is da bomb. Great vibe, great coffee. Even looks like great beer on tap. It was crowded and very popular when I went. I got a decaf latte and it was excellent. Everything looks like it's organic, free trade which is awesome. Can't wait to go back. Strongly recommend. Hopefully they get some pastries or a few treats to add to the selection. Keep up the awesome coffee house! ;)
If you like quaint, eclectic neighborhood hangouts, you will love this place.  We had the pumpkin lattes, quiche and raspberry bars.  Everything was perfect.  We'll be back to give it a shot at night.  Great selection of wine & craft beers.  Gotta try it!
If you love atmosphere with you coffee, or tea, or wine or beer than this is the place for you. Tucked in a off the beaten path part of downtown Stuart this place transports you out of Florida to a coffee bar in the Village in NY or a side street cafe in New Orleans! Great little food and dessert specials daily, craft beers.... A true gem!
nice decor, music, tables, ambiance.  everything in the bathroom was automatic..even toilet paper dispenser. coffee was ok.  i believe all their espresso drinks have 2 shots. they open at 8:30 am. plenty of 3 hour parking outside. gonna try their mochas next time
Great atmosphere, great drinks and coffee.... Love the Crispin cider!  Their movie night in the courtyard seems like a great idea, too. However, our food was not very good and in short selection.  The staff recommended the quiche, but it was almost tasteless.  The Waldorf salad was expensive, but cheaply done. This place is new, so hopefully food will improve. Still worth a visit.
My new favorite!!!!! Went there on Friday for a company party. I had a chance to meet the owners.....so very down to earth and friendly. I heard so much about this place and it is all TRUE. I don't know why I never came here before??? The draft beer was delicious and there was a mixed crowd of all ages with some great music streaming through the speakers. No wonder this place was so crowded on Friday. I will be back. Love it!!!!!!
This is the best coffee shop around that I've found.  Very nice atmosphere with a few seats inside and a big seating area with tables outside which was fantastic!  Staff was very nice and friendly and coffee selection was good; serving exclusively Counter Culture and they have different milk options: organic dairy, almond, and soy.  Had a Rwanda single origin which was good and my gf had an iced mocha which she liked.  Also have some veg food options as well as fabulous fresh made muffins.   We both got the banana coconut macadamia nut which was excellent!  Very cool that they also have live music and weekly showings of classic movies.  Must stop by and hang out here as they are open from the early morn 'til late night!
Really good coffee-tea place. Lovely little outside courtyard for sitting and writing.  Or doing other things, I suppose. The staff are wonderful, the tea is good, the atmosphere is really nice.
Finally a place in Stuart that plays GOOD music and fun hot spot on a Saturday night!
Been here done here! Good service good brew and cozy location although parking gets scarce sometimes.
Love the atmosphere! I've never had a bad time at the blue door. Great for afternoon coffee or drinks in the evening. It's a good place to take out of town friends to show off how cute Stuart can be!
Best coffee and espresso around. Coffee is from CounterCulture and what an amazing espresso machine. We will come here every day for the remainder of our vacation.
Good coffee and service. Looks like they also have a nice selection of beers. Good atmosphere and a nice place to sit and enjoy your drink.
Love this place and meet friends here often. Nice mix of ages and spirit. Please allow me to complain about two things, one of which is that for a COFFEE bar they do not serve decaf after 8pm except for Americano which has shots of "espresso" in it! Really? Decaf with expressly? OK, next is that I've noticed on weekends after 8pm there is often only one person behind the bar serving. I've waited in lines along with unhappy customers. They need two servers on weekends and when there's music.
Cute little place, great coffee! Also has outside seating
wonderful place with perfect atmosphere to study, meet people and play their instruments on the wall.
