ROCK SOLID!! Ive been for lunch and dinner and I gotta say- this place is a keeper. They mate a shrimp and a jalepeno pepper in a way that's so beautiful even the mighty creator himself must be impressed. It gets crowded at night, but with good reason. It's well worth the wait though. I recommend eating here at least twice a week!
An obvious local spot. Very noisy and crowded on a Friday night. Blackened chicken quesadilla was good! Service was not.
Used to LOVE it here. Now it's littered with gray hairs so I don't frequent like I used to. But hey the food's DELICIOUS. Get the Reilly Steak Sandwich or the Black and Bleu Burger and you won't regret it. Their home cut fries are just some of the best I've had in town. One negative: No drink specials..ever.. So it's easy to rack up a high tab.. think I paid like $6 for a glass of Palm Ale. Even PBR is $3.
Amazing burgers!!! Seriously the best burger I've had down here since moving from New York. Definitely get the sweet potato fries with your burger, you won't be disappointed! Great service, clean and the outdoor seating is very comfy except for a squeaky fan that was hard to talk over. One note: If you come too early (5-7pm) the place is filled with retired folks, and has more of an early bird special atmosphere than a cool bar.
Best burgers in Stuart. Always a lively crowd.
Just a great place, from ownership to the servers to the food. I always have a great time with I visit this place.
Carsons is our favorite "neighborhood" restaurant. We eat here at least once a month and have great service and food every time. The tavern salad is amazing as are the steak fries!
Awesome burgers!! Fresh ground meat. Not frozen. I had the black and blue burger, and loved it. The Cajun seasoning was perfect. I chose the sweet potato fries as my side. They were good. My boyfriend had the regular burger with jalepeno peppers and provolone cheese. He also thought their burgers were amazing. We would definitely go back. Oh, and did I mention I paid only $10 for my burger.
I love this place! Its a local tavern with an intimate vibe. Great for small business lunches, a weekday evening dinner, or late night drinks. Friendly servers and bartenders. I think I like it so much because its understated. No annoying radio commercials (they don't need to advertise) and you come in expecting typical bar food, and its soooo much better. They also have daily lunch and dinner specials created each day by their innovative chef. People seem to love the French Dip when its on the specials, and the blackened dolphin (mahi) sandwiches and wraps. They also have great salads and made-exactly-to-order burgers. Everything I've eaten there has exceeded my expectations! This place is a must-try... it just may turn out to be your new go-to place. :)
Whenever I go home to visit the family, this is go to stop for me. Fairly traditional Irish pub with all the fixings. Beautiful hardwood bar stocked with some of the best Irish beers (Guinness, Smithwicks, and Harps) and some very nice single malt scotches and whiskey. The atmosphere is very quaint, with enough televisions to watch the game, but small enough to make it feel welcoming. The food is another story altogether. It seems the kitchen knows how to pair food with beer, because each dish on the menu should just tell you what beer to get. Weather it's the whiskey wings or the Jersey style pork roll sandwich with fried egg, this is bar food at its finest.
Yup - agree with many of the other reviews.  If you'e looking for a relaxed, friendly pub - this is the best option in the area. But here's the good part, it's not a smokey joint filled with old guys.  This place is clean, nicely decorated, and frequented by a good crowd, including plenty of young folks. Bartenders are professional and low-key.   Food is well prepared and delicious.  Wings are nicely done.  Sandwiches great.  One time I even got the corned beef and cabbage special - solid. They always put the games on, and they put the volume on, which is nice. Oh, and the Guinness is fantastic.  Some people don't realize that Guinness can be done right, or done wrong.  Carson's does it right.
The locals love to tell you how great it is here and at best its ok , they will say whenever I go home or visit Family they go here or there Carsons is no prize , small and packed with some tables outside , drinks are ok and food is 1 star out of 5. Please dont drink and drive anywhere near here cops are all over and they are bad , try and be done by 9 pm otherwise week nights your going to jail. Stuart size wise hands out more DUI's then any other county nationwide , Carsons replaced the Refugee acrossed the street as the local hole in the wall , hey if your onto picking up grandmas this is your kind of town.
The food was excellent, bartenders attentive and friendly. Service worst I've ever had. Waited 30 minutes for one drink, never received another and had to go to the bar ourselves. Manager apologized which was appreciated. Service was terrible, slow, not attentive or pleasant whatsoever and immature once she realized we were unhappy.
I've been vacationing on Hutchinson Island for years.  How I missed Carsons until this Summer is unknown to me.  What a great find.  Went on a Tuesday night which is Irish night.  They had run out of shepherd's pie unfortunately but the jambalaya was very good.  The food and service were great and the atmosphere even better.  I'll be back.
Since landing in Florida I have been craving a really good burger - and I've found the perfect place!  Just pure burger wonderfully seasoned and perfectly cooked, good cheese, and the best sweet potato fries I've ever had.  My partner in crime had the Chicken Caesar Salad and just about melted!  The food and service were both so great that we went back a few nights later.  Same experience, except that this time I had their version of the Philly Steak and was just as happy.  And oh, did I mention that their Sweet Potato Fries are the best I've ever had? The drinks were flavorful and not watered down and the bartender was willing to try a new recipe that I found in an app on my phone.  Can't wait to go back again!
Love Carsons. It's the place to go grab a drink with friends. It's basically a nice indoor/outdoor sports bar with good food, music and drinks. Plus, it's more of a local crowd which means no pizzle meat heads starting fights. Yay!
I frequent Carson's whenever I go home to visit the fam. This is a great pub with even better food. They do have the typical bar food of burgers and the awesome pork roll and cheese sandwich, but their main dishes are surprisingly delicious for a local pub.
Wonderful place to hag out in a relaxing pub style environment.  Our group of four adults thoroughly enjoyed our "tapas" (appetizer) dinner. Food quality was impeccable.
This is a great local place, great food, great entertainment. The food exceeds expectations, sit at the bar, that is the best place to sit.
This place was fantastic! For starters I could not resist the shrimp n cheese cappys...huge gulf shrimp dipped in cheese,wrapped in a jalapeno, battered and deep fried served with ranch sauce. Phenomenal! You can get 6 for 11 bucks. Hubby n I shared a special...jerk chicken with chutney and 2 sides. We chose a Caesar salad and fresh veggies. The chicken wasn't jerk (tasted grilled with some cajun seasoning) and the topping was more of a fruit compote rather than chutney, but hey were from Miami so are a little more critical of jerk n chutney :0) The fresh veggie was carrots with a bit of a sweet taste and they were yum! Caesar salad was good. We also shared a pub mac n cheese for 5 bucks. This was delicious. It is made with spiral noodles, diced tomatoes, and cheddar cheese with port wine. Definitely not your Kraft Krapperoni n cheese ;) If your anywhere near here check it out. Next time we will try their burgers and this fondue-looking goodness!!!
I liked this place, it was a cool place to chill out late at night but I wasn't in love with it or anything. If I was a big sports watcher or something maybe it would be a good place to come and watch a game and drink a beer. But I don't really enjoy either of those things when I go out, so maybe the sports bar appeal is lost on me. I did, however, like their cheesy bread appetizer and the 90's music they had going on, so three stars for that!
Good food and good prices. Good menu variety as well.
Nice place, friendly service, good food.  A reliable tavern with a very good atmosphere.
Great place to eat, great service, great food, highly recommended
Awesome food! Awesome service! I'll be back!
This is great bar with very very good food.  It is more known for their Tavern but don't overlook the kitchen.  Great for lunch or dinner and always has a good crowd.
We like Carson's a lot.  Great service, great food.  I didn't think I would like a sports bar, but you can't beat the Jalapenos shrimp, and their ribs.
I really like this place.  Great burgers.  Great prime dip sandwich.  Nice team of servers.  Cool, low-key ambiance.
I live in NC have a place on Hutchinson Island. Went to Carson's for dinner last week. I always take people there. The service was horrible. For a place of this caliber waiting for 1:45 to get our dinners got to a point of laughing for the four of us.  I am always a 20% plus tipper. Not this night. The meals were week. Not as good as the times I've been there in the past. The only good part of our experience was the garlic parmesan wings as an app. The wings were supposed to be half price if a bowl, or NFL game was on. I told the waitress that there was a bowl game on one of there tv's, she said that there weren't any on. When I showed her the tv it was on there happened to be a commercial on. When we finally got our food they cranked up the volume on there speakers for another bowl game. My wife said to give it up. I did. The whole experience was just a big bummer. Told a local friend the next day about the service and food. They said they don't go there anymore, because they've gone down hill. Last words: Before and after being served, no apology.
Enjoyed St Paddy'sday there this yr. Food was great loved the live music.  Fun place.
