This is a wonderful place. The food is excellent. The waitress is awesome.  The pierogies are great. The borscht is delicious. Parking can be a pain if it's crowded, otherwise i highly recommend this restaurant.
Polish food by nature is known for being rather plain, with large portions. This restaurant tasted like I imagine most Polish people eat. I started with the kielbasa chowder, which was a rather thin soup with chunks of sausage and potato. Pretty good, salty, and probably the best dish of the night. The bowl wasn't as big as I was expecting, but then I did order a meal on top of it. The pierogies were boiled, not fried, because I wanted the authentic experience. So I of course won't complain about the texture, but the filling didn't have a whole lot of flavor. I tried my friend's stuffed cabbage, and while the cabbage flavor thankfully didn't permeate, the filling didn't have enough flavor on its own to hold the dish. Finally, I had two potato pancakes for dessert, after my other friend raved about them. I've had better out of a frozen box. They weren't as oily as they looked (though fried, so they have some oil), but they barely tasted like more than potato. Authentic, I'm sure, but I come to a restaurant to get something better than I can make myself. Without more flavorful food, it's just not something I need to come back to. It's certainly good quality, and if you're from Poland and miss homeland cooking, I would have no doubt this place would satisfy. As for the atmosphere, they need to dress up the outside a little more, and the inside just feels weird with the split-level tiny dining room. They also have another table on the other side. The layout did nothing for my aura.
Very authentic and delicious. Will be going back.
Love this place - casual, delicious Polish food. Kid-friendly. My favorite dish is their stuffed cabbage.
I LOVE this restaurant! And so do my adult kids and senior citizen parents. Full disclosure: my parents and I grew up in Russia, so Polish food is comfort food to us. But my American 20+ foodie offspring like it too! (And we rarely agree on anything food related :). Now, this food may not earn any stars for health/diet/weight/heart healthy. Portions are generous. Salt, pork, butter, sour cream are used generously as well. But ... the taste! I mean, you do not eat like that every day, right? Unfortunately, crepes are available only on 3 week nights: Tue, Wed and Th. But all other choices are there every day. Love the appetizer assortments. And potato pancakes (Crunchy!). Main courses include pork, chicken, fish, beef and vegetarian choices. | Desserts are lovely but who has room for dessert? Most of all, I am impressed by the family that runs it. Mom and dad cook, pretty, friendly daughter Agatha serves. A true American immigrant success story! Try it - you'll go back!
Very nice little restaurant.  Very cozy feel. Food was tremendous.  A little on the pricey side but it's definitely good.  I got the polish feast. Parking is an issue as it's street parking only.  I would very highly recommend checking this place out if you're in the area
I ate here with my friend on Chinese New Year's Day, for the first time. I don't know anything about Polish food so I cannot comment on the authenticity of the food, but it was really good --  tasty, came in large portion and not expensive. The girl served us was very nice and attentive. We really enjoyed dining here and this was an unforgettable Chinese New Year for me (without my family, but with Polish food!). I will take my parents to eat here when they visit the US in May, so Muza please prepare to welcome a Chinese family which only the daughter knows English ;) Our Order: Kielbasa with Sauteed Cabbage Stroganoff
If you are looking for atmosphere and ambiance, this probably is not the place for you.  The establishment feels more like your Grandmother's dining room than anything else. But, if you are looking for exceptional food at great prices, this is the place.  Wonderful, authentic old world dishes.   We will visit this place again.
Super find. We are very impressed with the food. Tastes just like moms kitchen. We love the perogies and stuffed cabbage. The borcht. Everything we tried we loved! The owners are very friendly and the waitress is very attentive and sweet.
Muza is a wonderful family run restaurant, you can tell right when you walk in. I had the Goulash and the Polish Feast. The Goulash was rich and tomatoey, very well spiced. After the Polish Feast I was stuffed! The homemade sauerkraut and pierogies were excellent. I've never had sauerkraut so good!
Awesome! My 1st experience with polish food and I will be back back before I leave. I got polish feast and it was all great. Pierogis were fantastic and kelbassa equally good. Service very attentive and friendly.
Muzu is an unusual joint. When you walk in you can't tell if you are in a deli a restaurant or somebody's tiny poorly laid out house. Don't let this throw you because the wonderful aroma from the kitchen won't let you leave. As a Biz traveler I ate alone if this is your case bring a magazine because you will wait and have little to do before you get a menu and after you order. The lone waitress also busses the tables this adds to the wait and you are close to other diners so you hear everything they are saying. I felt a little weird sitting in the middle of the 18 seat dining area by myself so if you go bring somebody with you. The food was fantastic although the menu is limited it is well executed. You have to try the Pirogue I got the sampler plate with potato pancakes pirogue and stuffed cabbage. All were fantastic and I tried the meat filled pirogue which was my favorite over the potato filled. The dough is outstanding but it will fill you up so tread lightly. Overall the slow service is not a horrible factor since she did the best she could to handle a 50% filled house by herself all with a smile and pleasant attitude. So far my best dining experience in the Troy area. FoodDude!
I'm kind of obsessing over Poland right now. I'm actually headed there this fall and decided I should give this place a shot as sort of a jumping off point. Muza reminds me of someone's Polish grandmother's house. In fact, much of the decor is frightening similar to items left behind by my Polish great-grandmother. The paintings are the same style as one that now hangs in my grandparents' home. So I can only assume that it smacks of authenticity in that area. After my trip to the "homeland" this fall, I'll have to report back with observations on the culinary authenticity. Boyfriend had the meat pierogies, which he enjoyed although he wished there was more of a sauce to go with them. I tried the "Polish vegetable salad," which turned out to be basically a potato salad-type concoction made with diced potatoes and other veggies. We Poles aren't exactly known for our haute cuisine, but as homestyle, comfort food goes, this salad was weirdly tasty. I say this as someone who really doesn't even care for mayo. I had the golumbkies, which I really loved. The cabbage was perfectly soft and wrap-like with no toughness to speak of. How do they get it that way? Even when I try boiling the crap out of cabbage leaves, I can't get them like this. The meat-and-tomato filling was also really tasty and the portion was large enough that I took one home. Not bad for $8. I think our total bill came to about $20 and we were both stuffed and carrying doggy bags when we left. As previously mentioned in another review, the sole waitress is the owner's daughter and she's a doll. I chatted with her about my upcoming trip.  She's never been to P'land herself, but her parents are, in fact, from there. Muza isn't going to wow you or cause you to experience a mind-blowing foodgasm. That's not what it's trying to do. Think diner food, Polish style. You'll leave full and content, with barely a dent made in your wallet. And really, isn't that what you want sometimes when you go out to dinner? Sometimes I don't need bells and whistles. And apparently, sometimes I just want to feel like I'm in my ancestors' living room.
I only have good things to say about this spot. It's a quaint, family-run restaurant with delicious food. Their perogies, sauerkraut, potato pancakes, and red cabbage are amazing. The employees are very friendly and accommodating. My friends tell me they have a good beer list, and they have at least one wine that I like. It's a place that I can't get to often enough. I'm never disappointed, and always filled and happy.
This Polish restaurant is a chore to find (we were here on a Saturday night and the place was virtually empty), unprepossessing on the exterior, and tiny (seats twenty at most) but comfortable. The walls are covered with hand painted and pleasantly disorienting bas-relief murals. The sole waitress is the owner/chef's daughter. We just loved her, and she was very generous with her time. Their pierogies, golombkies and potato pancakes are really well prepared... just remember, in slavic peasant food spiciness is kept to a minimum, so don't expect an explosion of flavors. This cuisine is very modest in terms of aspiration, but when it's bad, it's awful. I'm happy to say Muza is the best example I've had beyond the Lower East Side or Prague. We'll definitely come here again. Oh, no beer or wine license. You can bring your own, though.
There's been construction on Congress Street for what seems like an eternity, I was a little afraid that it would hurt this great family owned business but when we stopped in last night there were only 2 empty tables and we snagged one.   Service is slow, only the daughter of the owners working the dining room so we get prepared quickly and had our whole order ready when she arrived to take our drink order. Since we always seem to order from the Polish Style section of the menu it's pretty easy for us to decide. I ordered the Polish sampler - 2 perogies, 2 stuffed cabbage and 2 potato pancakes. My husband had the Polish Feast - perogies, stuffed cabbage, kielbasa, sauteed cabbage and mashed potatoes.  While my husband basically cleaned his plate, I managed to come home with enough food for another meal or two. Everything was delicious. All the beer they serve is in bottles with a Polish, Czech, and a couple of Belgian brews, their wine list is fairly limited but passable. I really wish they'd have some German, Austrian or maybe some Eastern European wines which actually go much better with this style of food.
Delicious food, friendly service, and a welcoming setting. It reminds me of my Polish grandmother in all the best ways. The potato pancakes are especially delicious. I've been craving more for the past few days.
Muza is being bumped up to five stars for their consistent fabulousity.  Authentic Polish food is a rarity in this area, and you can't beat their prices.  My favorite things include the red borscht soup, pierogi, chicken marsala, tilapia with tomato sauce and the sautéed cabbage (side dish).  The Husband opts for the heartier dishes, like the Polish Sampler, golombkis or kielbasa.  Every dessert we've tried has been great.  The only thing I haven't liked was the stroganoff, which was too heavy on the pickle flavor for my liking.   The food is great every time we come, which is pretty often.  Very friendly service, and the atmosphere is casual but cozy.  It's obvious based on the interactions you see that they have a lot of regulars, and the draw is no surprise.   The only con is that the restaurant is small and only seats about 25-30 people.  You may want to call ahead to make sure they can accommodate a larger party of five or more.  Also, if you come at peak time (think 6pm on Fri or Sat) you might find that the place is packed.
Polish food right by RPI, it's perfect when the weather starts to get cold.   The pierogis and stuffed cabbage are great, I wasn't too keen on the potato pancakes, a little soggy in my experience.   Reasonable prices as well, a must go in the winter.  And the owners are so nice, it feels like home, and not just because it clearly once was one.
I recently checked out Muza with some friends, and were we ever in for a treat.  Muza is a restaurant that serves a number of Polish food delicacies, such as pierogies, Polish vegetable salad (in a number of ways, reminiscent of potato salad), kielbasa and golombkis (stuffed cabbage rolls).  They also serve some dishes that are not necessarily Polish as well. I started off my meal with a bowl of their pickle soup, which had just the right amount of spice and was delicious.  For my entree, I had the Polish sampler, which features two pierogies, two stuffed cabbage rolls and two potato pancakes.  This was very filling, so much that I didn't have room for dessert. Service was attentive, friendly and prompt at this family-run establishment.  I went during a weeknight, so the restaurant wasn't too busy.  The exterior of the restaurant is rather non-descript, so Muza is an easy restaurant to miss if you're not looking for it too keenly.
Polish Food is pretty heavy stuff.....Golumpki ...you know? But Muza has an exceptional Borsht and very tasty, albeit greasy, potatoe pancakes. Charming owner/hostess/waitress was exceedingly busy with every table filled on a Thursday night - so much so, that she brought us our check before asking if we wanted dessert or coffee! The tiny place is cute and cozy. We will be back to try the Polish Platter, because the keilbasa, pierogies,  and stuffed cabbage looked very good. The beef stroganoff was slim on beef and heavy on mustard in the sauce. My husband loved it; I did not. Very reasonable prices. I do not see how they can make money without a liquor license, but word is getting out and they are busy. 'Hope that they  are able to hire another server soon!
Interesting little restaurant. As others have noted, it's more like a converted house than anything else. The chef (possibly owner?) seems like a hearty man, came out to meet us as soon as we walked in even though they were rather busy. The waitress was likewise quite nice. The food was good, although it was a bit different than I'd expected. I had the beef strogonaf (with noodles and creamy carrots) but the sauce was just a little bit sour which was not what I had expected (I chalk this up to having only ever had bastardized American influenced food!) My friend let me try a bite of his chicken marsala and that was amazingly good (will definitely be having that sometime). The creamy carrots were surprisingly light, they don't have that heavy feeling that usually comes with cream. Based on what others have written, I think I'll have to try the Polish Sampler next time. Overall, fun family run place. Will definitely be going more often once the city finishes construction on Congress Street. Keep in mind it's quite small. Unless there was another half that we didn't see, I think you'll struggle to fit more than a party of 8 together. They have seating for 20-30 but it's spread out in several different rooms/areas.
Muza doesn't have much of a traditional "restaurant" atmosphere - it is more like eating in a relative's living room. The food is amazing. My grandmother used to make us pierogi from scratch and the house recipe for pierogi reminds me of our family recipe. Great, friendly service.
The potato pancakes were good, and extremely fried. I mean, they were thin, crunchy, and dripping with grease. It was great. I got two things of apple sauce, because the waitress thought I would want some--I didn't ask, she just decided to be extra nice. The staff is extremely friendly; it's all an in-house family operation. Even their website was designed by the owner's son. I had the Banana crunch, described on their website as: Two Fried Bananas topped with a crunchy Peanut butter, Vanilla cream, & brandy sauce. but described more accurately as an orgasm for your mouth. Eat it. Eat it.
I only found this place at my last year at RPI and sadly I still remember the great food they made here.  It definitely has a warm and homey feel to it and the service was great when they're not busy.   I never had polish food before but it was definitely a treat.  My actual first time having this food was a take-out of the Polish Feast and man that had the best of everything with the pierogies, stuffed cabbage and kielbasa.  I ended up coming here a couple more times trying there other dishes that were just as filling and delicious as the Feast.  They also offered specials from time to time. My only complaint is how busy this place gets especially on a Friday or Saturday night with large groups waiting.  At most I've seen only two waitresses and one chef which is no easy feat when they're dealing with a full house.  Still recommended even for a take-out.   Oh and one of the best things they do is when you order a glass of water, they give you ice cubes shaped like olives!  Definitely missed those....
Went on a Saturday night with a group of 4 and we were seated promptly. As other people have mentioned, more like a converted house than a usual restaurant. The place was pretty full and there was a consistent wait of about 2 groups. My main complaint - from the time we ordered to when we got our food - 50 minutes. I understand that it was a busy weekend night, but that kind of wait time is inexcusable. My friends and I had to catch a show afterwards and ultimately ended up having to take our food to go, which was disappointing. I had the polish sampler, which was delicious, albeit cold by the time I was able to get to it. I'll have to give this place another try some time when I have an entire evening to spare because the food was very good; but if you're extremely hungry or have somewhere to be, I'd have to suggest somewhere with faster service.
A really nice experience for our group of 7 visiting on Family Weekend. As most restaurants that we've found in Troy, the neighborhood and the outside of the place leave much to be desired, which concerned the older members of our group. But we've had enough worthwhile dining experiences in the area to get past this. Our table was set for us in a special little dining room, and between the 7 of us we tasted most of what was on the menu. Everything really was excellent - the samplers, the sausage, the schnitzel, the pierogies, stuffed cabbage,  potato pancakes. Service was slow but leisurely and a nice change from what we are used to in this country - all that rushing! We knew everything was being freshly prepared and appreciated that. One thing, it is very difficult to find items on the menu if you are watching your weight - I was able to make do with the fish with sauce on the side and two of the lighter cabbage sides (lovely waitress was helpful), but all the tasting I did of everyone else's food didn't help. The dessert crepes are fantastic, including the freshly made whipped cream.  We will go back if time and schedule allow. A nice change from some random chain restaurant for sure - we need more like this! Reasonable prices help too!
I will start by saying that I was born in Poland so I had very high expectations of this place. And luckily when I walked in I was pleasantly surprised by the the notes of my spoken native language. This place is authentic as it gets because the family who runs it are actually Polish. I do not agree that the decor was ugly like some review it was surprisingly classy for a Polish eatery lol. The perogi were properly overstuffed and prepared with the fried onion bits like my Grandma and Ma used to make. And the potato pancakes were crunchy and perfect! They could have also been out of my Moms kitchen. The fried Nutela and banana crepes were also delicious even after transport (because we could not eat them there, we were so full, we took them home). DELICIOUS. The people who sat next to us also looked like they had lovely food, it smelled amazing. Some kind of meat and pot pan stack that I need to come back and try. The only thing which wasn't up to par was the spinach crepe which was overcooked, tasted ok. And they could have had more Polish beer varieties, but I'm hoping they do since they recently opened a beer garden. The waitress was also lovely. She was very friendly. All my senses were telling me I was at home and well satisfied. As I walked out I thanked the lady of the house (in Polish) and told her we sure would be back. Only regret is that it took me this long living in the capitol district to discover this place. A must to check out especially if you have a soft spot for perogi. And no there is no S on the end !!! Perogi is both singular and plural. Enjoy!
Went in for dinner about a week ago. It's a very small place, so you should expect to wait a while before being seated. It all depends on when you go in. If it's at the dinner hour, be prepared for a 20-30 minute wait. It's worth it though! The food is amazing. We started off each ordering a cup of soup. One was a barscz, and the other a very creamy vegetable. Both were outstanding! We both got the polish sampler. All I can say is that for the quality of the food at the price they offer, you'd be crazy to miss eating at Muza at least once if you're in or around Troy.
This restaurant was everything I wanted it to be and more. The food was comforting and delicious. The service was friendly and courteous (owner's daughter, very sweet girl). The atmosphere was just like the little restaurants my husband and I visited on a trip to Europe a few years ago. I highly recommend the Polish Sampler. A little of everthing. Although, I regret not trying the kielbasa too. Sadly, we are from the DC area and don't have time to go back again!
i'm so glad I gave it another go.   it's like hanging with your Polish friend at her folks' place for dinner.  Friendly, lovely family-run establishment. Absolutely delicious.  No long wait, the homemade goods come to you w/o a big delay.  Stuffed cabbage best ever, the sauce is to die for.  I love their German potato salad, too.  Damn. I have had subpar golumbkis.  These are not them.  They are silken & succulent perfection, with peppery tomato sauce.  Swoon worthy. They're only open for dinner, I think they're closed Sun/Mon. Gorgeous paintings up in the dining room by a Polish painter.  Just beautiful. So, order a beer & enjoy the art, your lip-smacking plate will be on the table soon.
Small, authentic polish restaurant. I LOVED the cabbage rolls and the potato pancakes, but I wish the menu had more options. Friendly service, but can be understaffed if busy.
"The Old World (A Better World?)" by Josh K. Behind RPI, in the heart of Troy, built into a hill, lies a tiny blink-and you can miss, European looking house.  A yellow banner in the front reads "European Food". Entering, you are immediately put in front of the kitchen where familiar smells waft.   A small dining room is to the left for larger groups, but we are brought to the small dining section to the right which has a few tables downstairs and a few upstairs as well.   Just like home, the restaurant was cozy, intimate, and most of all- casual. At Muza, the ambience is that of being specially invited over to a family's house for a traditional Sunday night dinner.  You get the feeling that the soups have been simmering over the stove for hours, the meats ordered from the butcher earlier in the morning, and the fish bought from the local fisherman returning with today's catch-Tilapia. My father's side is of Eastern European Jewish descent (Galician to be exact).  At the turn of the century, Galicia was a tiny country sandwiched in between Poland to the North and the Austrian-Hungry Empire to the South. Russia was to the East.  After World War 1, Galicia became part of Poland, and after World War 2, it was the Soviet Union.  Nowadays, it is part of the Ukraine.   It is no wonder then, that growing up, staples such as pork chops (we didn't keep kosher) over egg noodles, red beet soup (borscht), goulash, stroganoff, and potato pancakes (we called them latkes) were all common meals eaten on a Sunday night.  My grandmother learned the recipes from her mother in-law (bubby), and she passed them down to my mother, who is of Irish-Sunday roast and potato- loving decent. We were a family of peasants.  My ancestors made a living farming the land.  Like Irish food, Eastern European food is all about using the ingredients around you to survive-cabbage, potatoes, eggs, cabbage, beets, rice, potatoes.  There is no limit to how much meals you can make out of such food when that is all that you have.  Cabbage soup, potato soup, beet soup, fried potatoes, stuffed cabbage. Muza is the only Polish and Eastern European restaurant that I know of in the Capital Region.  The owners are Polish but they also serve the standard fare of neighboring Czech Republic, Austria and Hungary.  The namesake beers of each of these countries are also represented in the stocked fridge near the kitchen. Hungry and indecisive, I ordered the "Polish Feast".  For 13 dollars I was served two pirogues, stuffed cabbage, a bratwurst, and sauerkraut.  Spicy mustard and sour cream were served on the side. My companion, new to this type of food, ordered the Vienna Schnitzel (Fried Pork patty topped with the compulsory fried egg) on top of egg noodles and served with sauerkraut ($12).  We both shared our meals and there wasn't an item that was not devoured. The pork in the schnitzel was beaten till tender and delicately fried.  The accompanied egg noodles matched perfectly and gave the meal the hearty home style taste.  The sauerkraut seemed to be homemade and was excellently seasoned (pepper and paprika?) As for my Polish Feast, all the food on my plate was delicious, but the highlight was the stuffed cabbage which was served in a familiar gravy.  Eating the meal, I felt as if I was immediately transported back to my childhood house on 31 Sonat Road, where my grandparents would visit from Kingston every weekend.  My grandmother and mother would be in the kitchen the "boys" would be watching sports or playing a game in the family room. Both my grandparents and my father have passed away.  Although fading as time passes, I can still taste and smell these times long gone.  Muza Restaurant helps bring them back in their own way.  And for that, I am eternally thankful and grateful it is around. We washed down our meal at Muza with a cold bottle of Poland's national brew- Zyweic.  A refreshing beer, I hadn't drank it since visiting Krakow, Poland during my European backpacking trip in the summer of 2004. Pirogues and borscht I of course ravenously ate in Krakow too. Thus, it was pleasant to be reminded of that trip as well. We were thoroughly full and satisfied but couldn't resist the soup of the day-borscht.  So for dessert, we got a hot bowl of sweet red beet soup.  I perfect end to a hearty meal served by family for family. Our friendly and attentive waitress was also the daughter of the owners. It's comforting to know that restaurants like Muza and Spiaks still exist. These are the restaurants that need to be more abundant. Unfortunately, like the cooking of our grandparents, they are fast disappearing.
Family run, great food -- cabbage rolls like Mom used to make. This is the real deal. Tiny spot, incredibly cheap for the quality and quantity. Took a little while to get our food, but this is basically like showing up at someone's house. Worth the wait. The pierogi are weightless slices of heaven. Stuffed with potatoes and onions. Sigh.
I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch today at Muza and will be back! My boyfriend and I enjoyed meals off the lunch special menu, I had pierogi, braised short ribs and sauteed cabbage, he had german potato salad and fish fry. We both enjoyed our meals and plan on returning. The fried fish filet was actually served on top of a green salad, which was a nice change of pace from the usual greasy fries, and it was very crispy. My pork ribs were moist and tender, and the pieogi were steamed and topped with delicious sauteed onions. Next time, I'll try the potato pancakes and possibly the fried pieorgi.
Very good food, friendly staff family run. Only down side is the size but I'll be going again.
The food here is always good. When you walk in, I was immediately treated like part of the family. I even see the family around town and they speak like we're old neighbors. I especially love the kisses from grandma, she's gotta be my favorite. Everyone is so nice. Now, the food..... Delicious. Authentic old world Polish and Hungarian food. The hot or cold kraut, the potato pancakes and the Vienna schnitzel. Delicious, and it pairs so well with the Polish beer. My wife loves the perogies and golumpkis. Remember to try the desert crepes, they're definitely on the radar
This place smelled just like my Polish grandma's kitchen! The food was authentic, well presented and certainly tasted like home-made! Unfortunately service took way too long the night we were there. We waited for over an hour after we ordered to be served. The one and only waitress was sweet and apologetic, but i was ready to eat my vegetable imprinted placemat by the time the food arrived. I had the Muza special which is goulash sandwiched between potato pancakes with a side of sauerkraut. The pancakes were a bit thin, greasy and burnt around the edges. The goulash contained tender, delicious chunks of beef, the gravy was yummy and the sauerkraut was a pleasant compliment with bits of carrot and parsley mixed in. A great place to eat if you don't mind a bit of a wait.
The food was excellent.  The cheese cake was amazing.  We had the Muza special, with the red borsch soup, Polish vegetable salad, and the vegetable.  When we go back to the area, we will definitely return to Muza.
A jewel of a place!  We pass through Troy regularly & are always looking for a good place to grab lunch or dinner. I don't know why it took us so long to discover this place but I look forward to going back. We each started with soup & goulash, and they were wonderful - it was as though my mother was in the kitchen!  Then we had to try pierogies, potato pancakes, & kielbasa. Again - perfect!  The kielbasa had a really wonderful smokey flavor. We finished off with a slice of rum cake. Heaven on earth!  I can't wait to bring my German mother with us next time, when we plan to try the schnitzel & kraut.
We found Muza while looking for different ethnic foods to eat in the capital region. I read the reviews and had very high hopes, but was a little taken aback by the actual restaurant. I guess it really is in a house - so it's somewhat of an awkward strange layout/vibe. The food though TOTALLY lived up to the reviews.  We had several excellent items from the menu including the perogis, Muza special (two potato pancakes with goulash in between), and the Shnitzle. I think the Muza special was my favorite. One of the sides, steamed cabbage, was absolutely amazing as well. If you are looking for a homey Polish style meal, heavy on potatoes and cabbage and sure to fill you up and keep you happy for a long time after, then Muza is definitely the place to go!
A jewel of a place!  We pass through Troy regularly & are always looking for a good place to grab lunch or dinner. I don't know why it took us so long to discover this place but I look forward to going back. We each started with soup & goulash, and they were wonderful - it was as though my mother was in the kitchen!  Then we had to try pierogies, potato pancakes, & kielbasa. Again - perfect!  The kielbasa had a really wonderful smokey flavor. We finished off with a slice of rum cake. Heaven on earth!  I can't wait to bring my German mother with us next time, when we plan to try the schnitzel & kraut.
Overall, Muza has good service, a cute environment, and excellent food. It's family owned, which for me, is a huge plus. As an RPI student, my friends and I have frequented this place for the past four years. There's nothing like a nice bowl of soup from here on a cold and rainy day, and nothing quite as comforting as their deep-fried croquettes or [optional] fried pierogis. It's a nice, quaint, and quiet place with the feeling of your grandmother's kitchen. The food is well-priced. It's certainly not cheap, but definitely reasonable for the quality and evident labor that goes into it. As a family restaurant, their costs of operation and kitchen labor are maximized, especially at peak times, so it's the kind of place where you don't mind paying $12-15 for a plate of well-made food. I also highly recommend getting desert. Muza is not the kind of place that's going to serve you a typical warm brownie with vanilla ice cream. Their specialty deserts are definitely worth it. I have even come to Muza just for the desert alone, as an after-dinner treat. They have a decent beer list, the addition of which is somewhat recent. For the first three (?) years that I went here, they did not yet have a liquor license, but had a welcoming BYOB policy.   Another point to make: their hours. They close "early" (I believe at 10PM). We've shown up at 9:15 and have been declined service for the evening. This is understandable, since they are a family restaurant and usually don't have more than 2-3 people working. If you're planning on college-town late-night dining, this isn't your place. They're also closed on Sundays and Mondays (I believe), and if you're not careful, you'll forget that conveniently. It seems that I only remember that I want to eat Polish food on one of these two nights and let myself down when I realize they're not open. My only complaint is the size: it's tiny, and there's often a long wait. They've worked on fixing this and continue to do so: there has been a recent outdoor patio addition (that the owner built with his own hands, by the way...I lived across the street from here and watched him work daily) and they try their very best to accommodate you as well as they can. But if you're planning on coming in on a weekend, be ready to battle for street parking, wait a while to be seated, and squeeze your party into a space that's not probably designed for the number of people in your party.
What a nice evening!! great food , very nice service. Good solid old world food. Wonderful server, with a big smile. Thanks for a great fathers day meal.
This was my second visit to Muza. I love the homey atmosphere and the service is excellent. I got the stroganoff with the noodles and the creamy carrots. It was a large portion and came out steaming from the kitchen. The sauce was so yummy I could have eaten it as a soup. While the meat was flavorful, I thought it wasn't tender enough. That didn't stop me from overeating however.
The food is fabulous here. I had the Polish Sampler which came with 2 stuffed cabbage, 2 pierogies and 2 potato pancakes. The stuffed cabbage was top notch. I loved the pierogies and the potato pancakes were a bit greasy, but good nonetheless. It was a lot of food. My dining partner had the Muza special, stewed beef goulash sandwiched between two large potato pancakes, topped with beef gravy and a side of sauerkraut. That was awesome. Everything tastes like it's made by your Polish grandmother. It can be a bit pricey, but it's absolutely worth it. Our server was polite and friendly and we will definitely be back. So glad to find a place that serves eastern European food and serves it so well.
I would have rated this restaurant a solid 4 stars or maybe even 5 if it wasn't for the service.  The food is excellent but the restaurant is very small, about 4 tables for four and  4 tables for two and a back room with 1 table for six to eight.  They do not take reservations. Do not go to this restaurant if you are time constrained since it may take you hours to be served. We went as a group of 4 on a Saturday evening, around 6:00 PM and were not seated by 6:30 PM but not served our meals until 8:30 PM. This night they had only one waitress, I believe it was the owners daughter, and she was very pleasant and accommodating but she was the only waitress handling a full house.  There were two groups four that were seated at the same time as us that had finished there meals and were making payment before our meals were served.  When we asked the waitress why our meals took so ling we were told it was because large group of 8 sitting in the back room had taken precedence. In summary, because of the quality of the food and that they are the only restaurant offering this style of food in the capital region I will certainly return but it will not be on a weekend evening after 6:00PM.  In addition if  there is a wait and the back room is being used, I will likely leave rather than wait to be seated and then have an extended wait to be served.
Amazing Polish food for Troy, NY. I haven't been there since they stopped serving lunch here.
love the warm homely environment, but the food is just not for Chinese...
I can't  tell you how much i LOVE going to dinner at Muza. The 1st time i went was when i organized a small birthday party for my boyfriend's mother. the place is tiny but not cramped and you can't help but feel relaxed and comfortable. Everything about the food and atmosphere truly says home-made polish awesomeness!  i agree with the previous poster about the Polish Feast- i have had quite the aversion to golombkies since growing up with friends who's mother's would make them for dinner and i'd  find a reason to leave early but the golombkies  at Muza made me a convert. It is a gift to have such authentic cuisine without having to travel to Warsaw.
This place is awesome.  You definitely get a home-y type feeling as soon as you walk in.  My overall experience was wonderful.  Me, my husband, and son got 3 different dishes and all 3 were amazing!  Our server (although a bit slow, she was the only one) was extremely helpful and friendly.  We are only passing through, but I would recommend this place to anyone in the area!
Tried to take my family there on a Friday before a holiday weekend...and they were closed. I will call ahead next time.
Being a person of polish decent and growing up with a polish grandmother who cooked everything from scratch. i was generally happy to find a good old fashion European place that cooks almost like grandma. The place is small and parking is street and tight. Me and my companion both had a Stella and Polish Sampler Plate of (2) pierogies, (2) stuffed cabbage, and (2) potato pancakes. Everything was good, the pierogies were boiled but you can get them pan fried and i high suggested that, the stuff cabbage (Golombkis) was filled with pork, beef, and rice wrapped in cabbage leaf, topped with tomato sauce, they were tender and moist, the potato pancakes had very little to no flavor but that's the nature of the beast. The waitress was a fresh faced young lady that was sweet and attentive also can go from English to polish in a hot second. I would defenity recommend this place to my family and friends that miss old world cooking,
My favorite restaurant in Troy. These people care about the food they make, and it shows.
pretty good food, nice decoration and cheaper than expectation
