Pizza is amazing, small place, but they have delivery and carry out. Live this place. Craft beers and root beer, great atmosphere, friendly staff!
Best pizza I've had in Florida, had the maverick and it was amaze balls.also I had the tangerine wheat ale and that was the icing on the cake..I'll be back again and again.
Yes, I'm updating my review. Not sure Tavola could get any better than a year ago....but it has!! My absolute favorite part is being a "regular". It doesn't take very long to become a "regular". May be a few visits and the staff already knows you by name. You walk in and recognize familiar faces. It is such a great place. I've honestly met some really great people at Tavola. That's the kind of place it is. Classy casual. Now the food.....BEST. PIZZA.EVER. I have eaten pizza in a million places and this place has the best pizza. Homemade dough and the freshest toppings and ingredients. The calzones and strombolis are amazing. Truly. The beer selection is well thought out and extensive. The owners are a husband and wife team. Great people. The staff is very friendly and they always treat the customers with kindness. I'm not a fan of PSL restaurants. This is one of the only places I regularly frequent in PSL. After 405 visits, I have to admit.....I LOVE TAVOLA!! Take my advice, and try it. You will love it. And, I bet you become a "regular" too. See you at Tavola.
So I figured I had to try this place out, since almost everyone on Yelp gave it a five star review. The first time my wife and I went in, the restaurant had a funky smell (like cigarettes and well water) and we walked out assuming we had the wrong place.  A few weeks later (after re-reading the reviews and a little coaxing) we went back to try again. This place is tiny, as in you bump elbows with the next table.  There are three tables inside, a corner bar, and two more high tables outside.  When we walked in, the employees just sort of stared at us, but the girl who eventually waited on us was friendly enough.  The restaurant had the same smell, as if someone in the back room was working on the sewer drain while enjoying a cigarette.  We weren't deterred, though, because we wanted to try some of the best pizza in town... so we grabbed a seat outside. We got the truffle fries, which were nice and crispy and fresh and garlicky.  Then out came the main course, the medium-sized Old School Supreme.  Not mind-blowingly awesome pizza, but not bad.  The sausage was spicy, the crust was thin, and the outer edge was good and crispy, although the middle was already pretty soggy by the time we finished our first pieces.  It tasted like something we could have just as easily made at home.  For desert, we had the pumpkin-spiced zeppoli, and those were tasty. Port St. Lucie has a dearth of good pizza places, and maybe this one stands out for that reason.  It does seem a little strange that our experience is so much different than the rest of the reviews - they make it sound like Tavola is pizza nirvana, and that the employees are warm and welcoming.  Maybe we came in on a bad night? Thirty bucks for two people to have can of coke, share one pizza, a little basket of fries, and a dozen balls of fried dough seems like it's on the high end for the setting and the quality of food we got. If they had better seating, didn't have the problem with that awful smell, and the prices were 10-20% lower, I'd give this place a four-star review.  It's not that I wouldn't go back, just that I probably won't bother going back.  There's certainly nothing wrong with their food, but I've had five-star pizza, and this isn't it.
First time diners here but not the last.  This it's now our pizza place. I never eat the outside crust and give it to the dogs.  Not this time.   The number of available craft beers was a big surprise.  Lots to try on our visits. The staff was friendly and helpful.  The owner was delightful and easy to see he loved his job.  Finding a good pizza crust is a challenge but now we've found the perfect one.  Hand tossed to perfection. Great place to eat in or out.   Had the feel of a neighborhood pizza place where locals come and are first name customers and friends.
We were getting hungry for something to eat. We were thinking of going out, but after a long day on the road and we were beat. I decided to go on Yelp and see what was around. I saw this pizza place and the reviews were all very good.  So we decided to order and have it delivered to our hotel room and they said sure no problem. The pizza was simply delicious. One of the best I have had. I'm a self proclaimed pizza snob. If you are picky about a good pie this is the place to go. You will not be sorry. It was really nice to have the pizza delivered to our room.  If you are staying at the hotel that is right across the parking lot from the BBQ restaurant I recommend staying in and ordering dinner from them.
Port Saint Lucie has a gem in tavola pizza. The best pizza in saint lucie county hands down.
The root beer on tap is fantastic! The craft beer list is impressive. The pizza was good. I only one negative: we ordered the supreme not realizing it was going to come with hot Italian sausage. Wow! The restaurant should warn customers before serving spicy hot food. This was an unpleasant surprise. The menu does not mention anything about it. We will return for their superior beer selection, no doubt. We are in north PSL so this is definitely a drive compared to our usual pizza haunt.
Corned beef and cabbage pizza...yum! Very thin crust and crispy! We really liked our St Paddy's Day surprise. We have been here before and it is consistently good.
Snagged a couple pizzas as part of the annual spring training trip. Finding restaurants in the strip mall-filled Port St Lucie area can always be a challenge. Fortunately, we found Tavola Pizza, a place that has turned its strip mall box into a cool little dive. The motif was surfing videos, Bob Marley pictures and interesting artwork. Seating is limited so get here early. The bar area seemed to be filled with the regulars...in fact, we saw most of them at the Shindig the next night! The 2 girls serving us were super nice and had a great understanding of the entire beer list, which is awesome. I had a Ballast Point Porter which was phenomenal, and the other guys enjoyed their brews which ranged from Belgium style to super-hoppy to dark porters.  Some of the beers are high alcohol, so be careful!!  (Stay away from the Swamp Ape which was the one beer that we all gave low ratings....) The salad, which at pizza places generally consists of a little iceberg, was enormous and chockful of veggies.  And the pizza was excellent NY style and just as good if not better than we get up north.  We went with the Margeurita Pizza and a Pepperoni, and they were both great.  Prices were reasonable. This place is a gem within the sea of Florida strip malls - go there and enjoy.
My boyfriend and I (from NY) agree- best pizza place we have found in FL! It's all about the cheese- they use Grande cheese. We had garlic knots, a pepperoni pizza, zeppole and a draft beer and it was all awesome! Will def make a trip down there again! (We live an hour away)
Excellent pizza! Great taste! Good service! Very nice atmosphere! Will be a regular for now on!
Good, fun selection of pizzas and beers but prices are too high.  Pricing for what you get prevents me from going back most days.  I'll go back, but hope for someone else to foot the bill!
After all the great reviews we were excited to order from this place. But this is the first place ever to bring the chicken wings and fries without any dipping sauces. After we called them, the answer was: it's extra. Could have told us before! The food was good, but it could have been better if they told us on the phone the first time that what normally comes for free with wings costs extra
I came across this gem of a place on valentines day ~ it was love at first bite :) The place had me feeling like I was back on the North shore of Maui , surf  video on the TV , Bob Marley playin in the background  ~~This pizza is nothing short of "LIFE Changing"LOVE IT !! We had my daughters birthday dinner here ( she is the child of 2 chefs ~~so she knows food) Rob was super -taking care of us as if we were family. The "old school "pizza is my personal fav. THe local draught beers are great as well!!
The owner is a super friendly guy! He really puts his heart into what he does ...  Creating the perfect pizza...  If you go in for sit down on a Friday night, it may take a bit because it seems take out volume was high, but worth the wait.  Patience for perfection. My wife and I were looking for a good pizza place on our last night of vacation  We are from CT, so our pizza standards are quite high being so close to NY and frequenting New Haven pizza joints. We like to pretend we are pizza connoisseurs :)   We started off with the garlic knots...... Super GREAT!!  The dough, garlic, parm, and marinara marry beautifully.  A definite MUST.   We then had a small plain cheese pizza. THE BEST PIZZA I'VE EVVVVEEER HAD!! We will be returning tomorrow before heading off to the airport so we can smuggle some home!! We will definitely be  back!!
Always satisfied with the pizza here. Cooked just right with phenomenal service. Just wished they delivered to more areas.
Fantastic fun staff, delicious pizza and all those fancy IPA's that hippie's like. Haha Coming back!
Best pizza in town hands down! They also have a few outstanding craft beers on draft.  Pizza is handmade right in front of you. Wings are very good too. It is quite cozy and small, I have a feeling he will need bigger space really soon if he keeps churning out those delicious pies. Calzones are phenomenal as well. Garlic Knots are some of the best I have ever had and they are gorgeous! Massive,beautiful garlicky crispy-chewy goodness! Damn, now I want one! Staff is excellent and treat you good. Dinner and a show- as I mentioned they make the food right in front of you so they get the dough and slap it out then into the air it goes! Fun to watch!  Rob the proprietor is very in tune with his craft and they go out of their way to make great pies and good times. They occasionally host beer tasting events and have an open mic night too! Good time for sure- I was impressed by the talent.   I grew up on LINY, the Mecca of good 'za and this place would give any one of em a run for the money, hell, the beer's make Tavola better! Whats not to love? Prices are in line with the community and a better product, Did i mention the beer? :)
We visited for the first time because of the great reviews and we will definitely be back! Service was excellent, and we were treated like best friends. We had the Buffalo Soldier and the Margherita Pizza and both were delicious. Next time your thinking about pizza for dinner skip the mainstream and say hello to Tavola!
Pizza and Beer snobs have found their top spot! Service is friendly, fast and efficient. Price is right. Great pizza, garlic knots, wings, and grinders on the menu. Can't go out? Have it all delivered to you in about 30-40 mins. The owners are genuinely nice people. Sit at the bar, or at a table. The open mic nights' talent are both hilarious and impressive.
See my review in "tips." And then come here for some GREAT pizza. It is an amazing place with a great staff and the best pizza I have ever had!!!
What an incredible pizza place. Tavola has an extensive list of specialty pizzas. The garlic knots are out of this world, unlike any I have ever had.  Tavola has raised the bar and left all others in their dust!
Decided to try something new and avoid the usual Papa John's/Pizza Hut...and I'm glad I did!! Not only are the prices similar to "junk pizza" (cheap), but the quality is absolutely fantastic, one of the best pias I've had in a looong time! I got the New York pizza (half prosciutto, half plain). With Pizza Hut and Papa Johns I feel sick after 2-3 slices, but I had the entire pizza (6 slices) and felt fully satisfied without feeling the need to vomit afterwards! The staff is extremely friendly as well. I called at 11:15 to place an order, and despite the restaurant being closed, they still took note of it and delivered it ASAP. The girl who delivered it arrived with a big smile on her face and showed up exactly at the time indicated over the phone. Thumbs up! Definitely sticking to Tavola's from now on!! :-D
When it comes to a pizza establishment, Tavola pizza rises above the rest with superb ingredients and expertly crafted pies.  Rob, Lauren and the rest of the Tavola family make you feel as good friends and are very attentive to customers needs even if it is slammed busy.  This place has become a staple for my friends for good brews and delicious food.  Also dont forget about Wednesdays for open mic night!
I will definitely be back.
Great pizza and good prices!
I always enjoy my time at Tavola Pizza.  Rob is always quick to say hello with a smile that makes you feel welcome.  Lauren is right there quick to offer me a "Cold beverage" knowing it will be my favorite Jai Alai.  The pizza is the best in town, the beer selection is GREAT, especially like the Latest Batch which is the latest and greatest and something different to experience.  I am a huge fan of supporting the local business and, with food beer, and service like this the choice is obvious.
Being form NYC and growing up in Boston, I KNOW good pizza.  I got a flyer in the newspaper and really liked the look of the flyer.  I finally tried the pizza.  I could kick myself for waiting so long!  I had the Blue Crush and a regular cheese.  Decided to get a regular cheese after reading the reviews on here.  The pizza was soooo good and cooked perfectly!  I have now found MY new pizza joint!  It was so good,  I called them after my first slice and I've NEVER done that before.....Good luck and I hope this place sticks around for a long time to come!!!! xo
My family and I were in the mood to try a new pizza place. We love to eat at local owned restaurants rather than chains. When entering the restaurant, you see a large water container with sliced cucumber and a gentleman making pizza. We sat down and the young lady took our order. We started with cucumber water, very refreshing and looked over the menu. We decided on a small pizza "The Epic Pizza",which has Garlic Parmesan base, Portabello mushrooms, button mushrooms,fresh herbs, and white truffle oil drizzle, Spinach Salad with house balsamic dressing, and Garden Salad with Italian Dressing. I thought The Epic Pizza was really great,the toppings were perfectly placed neatly on the pie and the crust was crunchy and very tasty. My husband said he liked the other pizza place we go to in Stuart but I really liked this one too, it had a different style and flavor. Plus, you have tons of toppings to choose from. My favorite part was the Balsamic Dressing, it was amazing. I usually add the least amount of dressing to my salad but this time I used all of it and shared it with my son and husband. They loved it too. The Italian dressing was average. We noticed that they had beer specials for $5. The owner was willing to stop making pizzas and talk to us about the beers and recommend some, which were all local or micro-brews. Our favorite was the Orange Blossom Pilsner by far, however the other micro-brews were great, rich in flavor, it you like Budweiser or Miller,this would not be for you. We had to try my favorite the cannoli,which was good but did not stand out. All is all this is a a good pizza place with great beer, and excellence service, we will be back.
Pizza stinks. Not enough sauce and tastes funny. Garlic rolls are over priced. Won't ever order food from them again
Wonder pizza! And the owner's are wonderful people, which is always a bonus!
great pie
I ate here for lunch for the first time. Great menu. I was told the pizza is excellent but wasn't in the mood for pizza. I ordered the Greek salad and meatball grinder. The Greek salad was very good with artichoke, Feta, tomatoes, etc and the dressing was great. The grinder was awesome. It came out hot and tasty. I didn't want it to end. Meatballs and sauce were incredible. Next time I'll order the pizza and a wrap! I'll definitely be back...maybe even for dinner tonight!..
First let me say- this is a very small place. 3 tables inside and then the bar. There are 2 tables outside but no beer allowed out there. They need to expand! We got the maverick pizza. Got a small and it fed 3 people. We also had the garlic knots. All of this was great. Very good food. We also got the Beer Flights. 5 "shots" of beers that you choose off their list. That was pretty good and affordable. We also used out "coupon" when u check in on yelp gets you a free beer when you get a pizza. So that was cool. Would have given it a 5 star but they need more seating.  So grow! :)
