Amazing noodle bowl! They made my son's rice dish to order(minus veggies), and he was in heaven. Thai tea and limeade excellent. Very friendly and attentive service.
Visiting the Pizzle (Port St. Lucie) is never a thrilling experience. Saturday we went up to visit the In-Laws for a Pre Mother's Day get together. Fine dining (and I mean mostly other than bar food) is tough to find in the Pizzle. It was to our amazement that there was a Vietnamese place near by. We called and asked if they could handle a party of 12.  When we got there our table was ready in minutes. 2 servers took our drink orders right away. The limeade was amazing refreshing, but beware...no refills.   We order spring rolls, wings were AWESOME, and all the goodies...pho bowls, stir fry, bun, and fried rice. The fried rice was exceptional. Overall the food was good...the service was great. It's a small quaint place and I will DEFINITELY revisit when I find myself lost in the Pizzle.
Great food great portions wish I found this place sooner!
I am so pho king happy this place exists in our little town. The food is great and the customer service is fantastic. You can beat a big bowl of comfort food for super reasonable prices. Worth a visit!
Wow!  Where do I begin?  The place was extremely clean.  The server was amazing!  So helpful and attentive.  Now to the food: The freshness of the food was incredible.  I had the shrimp and pork spring rolls with a peanut sauce that I crave now, followed by a delightful bowl of Bun Thit Nuong.    A perfect bowl of fresh ingredients and flavors.  Thank you Pho Now! I'll be back for sure.
Their banh mi (sandwich) was good...just as I remember it from San Francisco. However, their pho broth was bland, and they skimped on the meat. The stir fry was mediocre at best. The only thing that is good is the banh mi but not worth a special trip. Since there is no other competition, this is the only Vietnamese food place. Not sure if I'll go back.
Since my original review, we've eaten many great meals at Pho Now. In fact, we've tried almost everything on their menu, although the Banh Xeo crepe remains my favorite item. The service is still fast and friendly, and the place is always clean. Due to the high price of Mexican limes, lately we've been seeing Key Limes or lemons substituted for Persian limes in most restaurants and bars. I have nothing against lemons or Key Limes but the flavor is not the same as a Persian lime. Kudos to the Chef at Pho Now who will accept no substitutes! We brought home our takeout (pho dac biet - beef pho with the works) and lo and behold: the accoutrements included real Persian lime! :) By the way, if you order a Banh Mi sandwich, let them know if you are not going to eat it right away and they will cheerfully package the garnishes separate from the meat and bread to keep everything fresh.
We just had a delicious dinner at Pho Now. I had the Bun Tom Nuong and my husband had the Bun Thit Nuong. Exceptional flavor and freshness. Who would have thought we would find a delicious Vietnamese restaurant in Port St Lucie!
This place has tons of potential!  Flavorful Banh xeo (crispy pork-shrimp mung bean pancake) & bun (rice noodle) varieties. Pho is flavorful,  but not quite as memorable.  Nice offerings of banh mi (sandwiches) &   spring rolls.  Their Cha gio (egg rolls) are nice plump pork filled & full of taro or potato, so homestyle Southern Vietnamese. Cafe sua da (iced coffee) was disappointing as it tasted like a package & not condensed milk & roasted Trung Nguyen coffee beans, but otherwise this small joint is a blessing in PSL!
So excited to have finally have found a restaurant that serves such a perfect bowl of ph! And the bánh mì?! Perfect! It's got real pâté in it! I think I've found my new Vietnamese restaurant!
Port St. Lucie has very very few good food options.  Pho Now was excellent.  Very clean, lots of fresh herbs.  Good prices.  If I lived here I would come all the time.
My wife and I were so glad to see Pho Now open. We love Vietnamese food, and we weren't disappointed today when we went to Pho Now for lunch. We pretty much stayed with what we know best: spring rolls and bun. Everything was great. They have a limited menu, which I think is hugely in their favor, so they can focus on making the core items well and not get swamped with too many menu selections. Good job and best of luck!
Love this place! Everything that we ordered was amazing. We had the Banh Xeo, Goi Cuon, Bun Xao and the Pho Tai Nam Bo Vien. Can't wait to go back!
This place is AWESOME! I have tried several different menus options and am never disappointed.. The only thing I would like to see is a dessert added to the already fabulous menu.
This place is AWESOME! They just opened a couple months ago, and are killing it! Yesterday I stopped by and tried their Pho for the first time. Their broth was amazing. I found out later that it was made from scratch. The fried egg rolls are a must every time I stop by. They're very crispy, and the flavor is very good.
This is good food, because the food is always freshly cooked.  The service is good, the servers are knowledgeable.  The restaurant is well kept.   The price is affordable.   This is the 3rd management in this location in the last 5 years, I hope this will stay.
Best Vietnamese I've had in a long time. We have tried many items and have not been disappointed. The iced coffee is amazing. It's in a hole in the wall but don't let that deter you, it's well worth a trip.
I went to Pho Now for lunch. The atmosphere was clean, orderly, fresh and modern. The staff was friendly, knowledgable and fast. The food was excellent. Started with egg rolls that were perfectly cooked and very tasty. My meal was amazing, I wish I could remember what is was called but it had rice noodles with pork and shrimp, finely shredded romaine lettuce and a variety of fresh vegetables along with finely ground peanuts. The pricing was extremely reasonable. I will be returning and would recommend Pho Now to others.
It's about time PSL gets a Pho restaurant!  The banh mi could use a little more meat and the pho and fried rice are missing a spice/seasoning that are usually in these dishes at other authentic Vietnamese restaurants HOWEVER they are all still very good!  Pho Tai steak was thicker than I'm accustomed to and broth was a bit oily and not very clear but tasty nonetheless.  Prices are slightly higher than typical Vietnamese cuisine (pho is $7.95 + $2 for XL bowl) but somewhat makes up for it bcz of the convenience (rather than driving to Pho 16 in West Palm Beach).  Closes early at 9 and also between 2:30 and 4:30, so late lunch is out of the question.  Service is friendly and eager to please.  Overall, glad Pho Now opened and would probably eat here 1-2 wk.
My husband and I are glad to have Pho back in the neighborhood. It's always a must when we're feeling a cold coming on. Excellent!
Hubby and I went for lunch.  Very small but very clean.  The waiter was helpful.  Limited menu for lunch. Food was very good.  We had the fried rice which was a ample portion.
I tried Pho Now last weekend.  It was delicious!  I enjoyed dishes I haven't had in years and they were perfect.  I hope they will open one in Jensen Beach!
Great little hole-in-the wall with a respectable bowl of pho.  Broth was a little light but the meat was yummy and thinly sliced and the fixings were authentic and fresh.  Restaurant is immaculate.  Tucked in strip mall behind Wendy's.  Goi cuon fresh and served with delicious peanut sauce.  Loved the Thai tea.  Our waiter was friendly and helpful.  If you are looking for real Vietnamese food with some great options this place is a must try!
Very healthy food , Nice portion , the place is very clean . And friendly staffs .but small . Most important  very delicious . I ordered the crepe and grill pork noodle .
This place is legit. Nothing fancy inside or out but you don't need that when the food speaks for itself. It has depths of flavor and makes you want to keep coming back for more. The food is always fresh and prepared to order for the most part. The Pho is the best I have ever tasted. The prices are excellent. Makes me wonder if we are being under charged. I recommend this to anyone!!
EXCELLENT food!!!  Fresh to the max!  Had it for the first time and then went back two days later for more!  Great job guys!
The food is just amazing. Super friendly owner and staff. You get a very quality meal for a very low price. Pho Now is addictive! Highly recommended.
Extremely delicious and the staff is very nice as well! Can't wait to come back!! My mom and I ordered the pho Thai nam and shrimp spring rolls with Vietnamese iced espressos. Everything was excellent tasting!
Very fresh and clean. Excellent flavor and balance too. I would recommend this place to anybody, but especially people visiting from out of town looking for some place different. Only thing I would add is some background music or a tv.
good food - don't like hours ...
