Amazing experience. Had an awesome meal and great service. Gluten-free free friendly and helpful. The specials were spectacular. Hog fish, grouper and they even made a special one gluten free. Romantic, small and cozy.
I decided to go here for dinner based on a quick Yelp search for "seafood" in Stuart, FL, during a business trip. Based on the good reviews, i decided to give it a shot. I'm glad I did. The interior of the restaurant is small and cozy, and two tables by the front window give a view of the water in the distance. I was immediately seated without reservations and quickly set about ordering. To start, I ordered the oysters Rockefeller (they call it "Rockefeder" for some reason) and a Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA. They only serve wine and beer here, in case you're interested in a martini with dinner - you won't get one. The oysters arrived piping hot and were superbly tasty. Two of the six oysters did have shell fragments in them, but the rest was so good I didn't really care much, to be honest. For my main I ordered the pan seared Atlantic scallops, which were served in a decadent beurre blanc over spinach next to a side of rice and steamed carrots, mushrooms, and snow peas. The scallops were prepared perfectly, and everything was rich, warm, and buttery. The only complaints I have about the dish were minor: There were some grains of sand in two of my scallops and the mushrooms in the stir fry mix were obviously canned. Again, it all tasted so good that the minor missteps didn't bother me much. An excellent slice of key lime pie wrapped up the meal. Service was quick and attentive. The whole meal with tip ran me about $80.I'd have given five stars (very rare for me) if it wasn't for the two very minor issues I noted above. Nice job, guys.
Eating at the Riverwalk Café & Oyster Bar is a real delight. However, though the good food may fatten you up, it's pricey enough to slim down your wallet, but to my mind well worth it. I started off with an appetizer of their "Oysters Rocka-feder" which consisted of six oysters topped with spinach, tarragon, gruyere cheese, Pernod and then I believe broiled. The really fresh oyster melded perfectly with the combination of ingredients and at $11.95 were, I thought, appropriately priced. Matter of fact I liked this appetizer so much, I then wanted to try another and ordered their "Spicy Cornmeal Encrusted Fried Oysters." On this dish they couldn't have done a better job as the cornmeal crust was crispy and firm while the inside oyster remained moist and deliciously flavorful. For their special of the day, they had a tortilla encrusted Hog Snapper ("lachnolaimus maximus" in case we need get technical), which just happens to be my favorite fish of the snapper family as well as one not commonly served in most restaurants. So of course I went for it and couldn't have been more delighted as the fish was obviously fresh as well as perfectly prepared. The tortilla crust lent a crispy to the bite exterior while the interior fish retained the moist delicate flavor of real hog snapper. Then, at $14.95, a bargain of a price not only for hog snapper but for any fish of this quality.   Overall, I haven't a single hesitation in recommending the Riverwalk Café and giving it a solid Four Stars plus.
I do not get to downtown Stuart often so this lunch was a bit unexpected. Not only in experience but in fare as well. The food was excellent, a bit pricey, a bit not busy, a bit off the mark, but somehow ok. Maybe it was the company, which was awesome!!! We will return no doubt, but I am left wondering if the second time visiting will yield more fruit.
Had another great meal at Riverwalk last night.  Hogfish special with coconut rice was really good!
You have a wallet, you have a wallet?...  Yeah, you've got a wallet...  Bring It! $200 bucks for a couple dozen oysters, 1 app, couple glasses of wine, couple brews...  No problem. What does money mean?   Nothing.  Money means nothing. If you have that mentality, than this is a good place for you. That said; its a terrific atmosphere, the bartender / hostess, all that, really good. The beers and wine - delicious. The oysters were simply top notch. If you feel flush with the C-notes in your wallet, go here and blow thru them.
Went there on a date night and heard this place was good.  We walked in and it was empty. The waitress / bartender yelled for us to sit where we'd like.  Ok. We picked a table. It was wobbly so we changed tables.  The waitress greets us gives us a menu.  No smile and not very warm friendly demeanor.  We asked If we can have a dinner menu. It was almost 4. She said it's lunch now.  That's all she said. We asked when was dinner. She said 4. Well why wouldn't she offer that information?  So I ordered some oysters and at 4 we'd ask for dinner.  She took our appetizer order and walked away. We had to call her back to the table and ask her for a wine menu. I don't think she was overwhelmed by the crowd. So I'm not sure why she was so inattentive . The oysters were delicious and soup we got was great. I ordered seafood fra Diablo and it was mediocre. Not bad but nothing to go rave about. Honestly the food was decent but sevice bad. Not worth the prices and I wouldn't go back. The food wasn't bad so I gave it 3 stars. It's about the whole experience.
Great spot for oysters and fish. Had some great northern oysters before a dinner of hogfish and conus. Both were well prepared. Even the asparagus was cooked well. Debbie our server was friendly and helpful.
Great food, fresh, flavorful fish and price matches entree well. Staff friendly and professional. Quaint little place but personable service. Make reservations versus walk in recommended. Wine lost comparable not overly priced.
Probably my favorite eatery in Stuart.  Feels like I'm back in New York City when the Saint Lucie is just outside the door. Wonderful red wines and food that is carefully thought through and well executed.  I highly recommend the tuna taco appetizer. If you want an intimate experience, sit at the bar and strike up a convo with the bartender who will take great care of you. The seafood is from New England Seafood and they do an amazing job. These folks care about their food.
If there's one place I want to eat when I'm in Stuart, it's here. The sweet potato fries, ahi tuna, oysters, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. A delicious wine list and draft beer selection makes this the perfect place to grab a drink and appetizers, or sit down for a meal.
I will start by saying that they have the BEST Oysters Rockefeller that I've ever had , and I've had a few in my time! I would give them 5 stars! However that's about where the rave reviews end. We had the mussels which were bland and pretty small and my husband had the chicken abruzzi which was dry. It was a chicken breast stuffed w/Italian sausage, spinach and ricotta, lightly fried. Very difficult to eat, I think it was cut in half and then fried but it wasn't warm and oozing, just dried out. They serve it w a mushroom gravy and stir fried snow peas, carrots and mushrooms Asian style w sesame oil !!??!! Very disjointed, told my husband the mushroom gravy and veggies didn't go, felt like eating leftovers where flavors seemed to clash. Excellent service and staff though.
Awesome place. Could be 5 stars if the one dinner which was the same as mine had been cooked right. My Seared Tuna was right on point. Our guest Seared Tuna was a thin piece which was not rare due to thickness. They didn't want to cause a fuss. The bread pudding with white chocolate and toffee was the bomb. Fit for foodies. Good wine selection.
The Ahi Nachos, Crab Cakes and Po Boy were incredible. Nice small spot with great atmosphere and great beer. A must do if in the Stuart, FL area.
Great inovative menu. crowded but the food makes it worth it. Make reservations well ahead if you can
Okay, okay. I confess: I may have purposefully not reviewed Riverwalk before now, but I couldn't help it. I am just a selfish foodie, and didn't want to share. I hate when a great restaurant is ruined by crowds of loud-mouth Yank tourists complaining and mispronouncing the word "conch." (Is the English language not spoken up there? It's conch as in honk, NOT conch as in launch. Jeez.) But if you promise to be cool, daddy-o, I'll tell you a secret. Riverwalk is the teets. It is small and intimate, and the best dining in downtown Stuart. And, like Cheers, everybody knows your name. Honestly, the food is probably four stars, but I give it 5-stars for their Blue Point and Kumamoto raw oysters, and cozy vibe. Their entrees are consistently delicious, and wine list is wonderful (but please get more champagne choices! A girl needs a Dom and Veuve in her life). Whether you come here for lunch with your grandma, or in your Jimmy Choos on a Saturday night, you will love it. But don't tell anyone I told you.
My wife and I went to this restaurant and we just loved it. It has a great feel inside like a old city building atmosphere. We sat at the bar and had great service. The food was absolutely great. I had baked oysters my wife had mussels. The staff was very friendly and the bar tender couldn't have been any more accommodating.
Great oysters, nice setting, but the main courses are only ok. The deserts are great- especially the bread pudding! Wine selection has good cheap bottles, but nothing fancy. Great beers on tap.
A gem in the midst of many restaurants downtown.  Atmosphere is brimming with character, and the food and wait staff delivers beyond expectations.  Absolutely delicious from beginning to end.  Tip: the small salad portion is enough for two people. Ginger glazed salmon entree was to die for.  Trying the duck next time in.  They were gracious seating us early even w/out reservations ... reservations are suggested as the restaurant quickly fills up.
Big fan.  Darn near 5-stars and would be if not for the noise level and the warm wine (red, but still...). Tuna Nachos!  Is there anything more to say than that??  Actually there is...my wife had the caesar salad and then the Sea Scallops over linguine with a cream reduction sauce - wow, it was fantastic!  The scallops were cooked perfectly and they were large and meaty and seasoned perfectly - awesome! I had the tuna nachos which were absolutely amazing and then I had a dozen oysters which were all generous in size and pretty good. We ordered a bottle of Pinot Noir which is normally served with a very slight chill (even 70 degrees would have been OK) but this bottle was a bit on the warm side and easily 75+ degrees. It is not a waterfront restaurant but rather near the water.  The interior of the place is nice and a little cozy but gets noisy.  So beyond it being a smaller place with brick interior which creates for plenty of noise when they're filled up, and the wine being warm, we had a very good experience and would definitely go back.  This was a good date night restaurant. 1 $40 bottle, 1 salad, 1 appetizer, 2 entrees = just over $100
Took the whole family here for dinner(seven of us). Made reservations for 7:45PM. The hostess sat us right away. This is a small place. They take their business seriously. The food was excellent. I had the fresh wahoo. yummy! My family had a variety and all was great. They only serve beer and wine, but a very wide selection. Highly recommend.
This place is great. The seafood is amazing (scallops, ahi tacos), the service is friendly and there is a cool bar to the side with a good wine/beer selection. Not a big fan of Jensen Beach in general but this is a great place to go to if you're in the area.
Oysters, tuna nachos, and short ribs!  I've had the same meal here over 20 times, and I love it every time.  Bring your own wine and it is the perfect evening.
No good.  The food was extremely salty and service was extremely slow... We didn't even have our utensils until the first 2 dishes came around.   Now... I have a feeling they were short stuffed that day... The 2 waitresses were manning the entire restaurant... No bus boys... No bartenders.  2 women show.  They were pretty polite about it ...but we had to keep asking for like 4 times for water and bread... And the food isn't even good.  So no thanks.. Not coming back.
It's hard to find good oysters restaurant in our area, so we drove 1 hour to check this place out (after reading the previous reviews).  It's a small cozy little restaurant and depending on how many customers are enjoying a great meal it can be a little noisy but well worth it.   First we had the raw Louisiana oysters and  raw clams which tasted fresh.  Next we feasted on clam casino and oyster rocks feder-two savory dishes.  Well worth the trip.
I love going downtown Stuart, especially by boat! Riverwalk Cafe is one of my favorite places to go! Quaint friendly atmosphere, great food & wine! Reminds me of New England only no shoveling! HA ;)
I have been here multiple times for both lunch and dinner.  This may be the best food in Stuart.  The service is outstanding, and all the staff seem mature, competent, and they aim to please. Nice beers available.  Delicious home-brewed iced tea. My favorite dish might be the tuna nachos - creative, well balanced, and nicely prepared.
Nice, quiet and quaint describes this restaurant in downtown Stuart. The service was quick and personable- while the food was fresh and delicious. We had the fried oysters, mahi tacos and shrimp salad sandwich- all were great choices and the sweet potato waffle fries were amazing. Nice choice when in this area- location superb, however parking can be challenging during peak seasons.
Everything here was good. The fried oysters were fresh and perfect! Clams casino were done up very good! The filet mignon was excellent and cooked to perfection! Great food here.
Really great restaurant.  Cozy, comfortable ambiance, great service, excellent wine list and delicious food.  What more would you want?  Perhaps a full service bar, but once we saw the wine list this was quickly overlooked.
Perfect food, perfect service!
Lobster quesadilla. WHAT! I wouldn't have thought so either. This is one of the tastiest things I have ever eaten and such a nice dining room. Creative fine dining with an amazing wine list. I cannot wait to become a local here.
Small. Quaint. Comfortable. Friendly. Delicious. Perfect. I agree with an earlier review... "let's keep it our little secret".
Great food and atmosphere.
Can't say enough good things about this little place. Small menu with a good variety. Daily specials menu board. Good oysters. Unique drink choices. Busy for lunch, so the service is a little slow at times, but they do take reservations. Check out their website for the menu. riverwalkcafeandoysterba…
Great drinks and food. Finally found a decent place to eat in Stuart. Homemade pastas, fresh oysters, great sauces. Best restaurant in Stuart.
This place is one of the top restaurants in Martin county!! All oysters - all ways and the tuna nachos cannot be beat!!! Great wine list, cold cold beer!!!
The absolute best. We had dinner last night and I cannot rave enough about this restaurant. Even the atmosphere was great, cozy, tables with white tablecloths, waitresses with big smiles eager to help.... And the food, out of this world. Not a cheap or fast meal. Classy with mouthwatering combinations of which only a very special chef would think. Everybody needs to have a meal here whether it be lunch or dinner. DON'T miss it!
The fish nachos have to be your starter, lunch salad entrees are always different and exciting.  Fish and oysters are great and the wine selection.  Absolutely our favorite in Stuart.
Eclectic choices.  Great specials.  Very good wine list.  Imaginative cooking.  A repeat, and an excellent choice for out of town visitors.
My husband and I had dinner here with two other couples and had a great experience. It was my (and my husbands) first time dining here and will go back for sure. Our server, Debbie, was attentive without hovering.  I ordered the scallops, which according to the menu would be served over linguine with a sun-dried tomato and basil cream sauce. I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived served with rice and steamed green beans and carrots (fresh of course). I asked and was told they hadn't switched from the summer menu yet. Not sure what that means but I much preferred the rice & veggies.  Three people ordered the Hogfish, which I sampled and it was delish. My husband ordered Seafood Diavolo which he enjoyed. Tons of shrimp, calamari, mussels and scallops served over linguine with a nice tomato based sauce. We had a couple of bottles of wine and shared a slice of flour-free chocolate cake. Yum.  I've read several reviews that mention that it's noisy but several tables with groups the size of ours were talking, laughing and having a great time. And the nice bar was full. This is noise I can enjoy!  Great atmosphere, great food. I'll be back. And, oh by the way, Emeril Lagasse was at Riverwalk a couple of weeks ago!
Exceptional food.  Pork chop was perfectly prepared, device was attentive, but not overdone.  I only wish a full liquor license was in place.
After reading the reviews I had high hopes, maybe too high.  We were disappointed with the food quality and the service.  It wasn't bad, however it wasn't any better that fair to good.  We were seated quickly and our server came over right away a little harried.  Quick to give us the specials.  Bread was brought to the table, and it was nothing special.  I normally grab a few pieces, I had no problem only taking one piece.  After my wife ordered we were told that they ran out of that 20 minutes ago.  It would have been nice to know that before she was set on what she wanted.  Our appetizers came, way too much garlic in the Caesar salad, and there was no sear on my seared tuna.  It was gray on the outside no sesame seeds as described by our waiter.  The taste was ok but clearly it needed a hotter flame when it was seared.  My wife's dinner also came with way too much garlic.  My duck was average.  Not crispy and a little chewy.  All in all we did not get the product we expected.  I would describe the service as attentive but not very friendly.
Best Clams Casino I ever had! Really top level wait staff.
Small, intimate, yet open atmosphere helped enormously by fine food, excellent service and seriously knowledgeable staff.  This place requires reservations, and once you make it through the door and to a table, you'll know why (you can also eat at the bar without a res).  If the two lady waiters are there, you will be impressed by their very strong teamwork as well as their helper, a young man who is apparently the owner's son.  The food is serious:  I had Cape Cod oysters that splashed sea water in my face they were so fresh, and a wonderfully smooth and piquant yellow taile snapper sauteed in the right combination of butter and spice.  The crab cakes were seriously better than most places in Maryland.  Despite a possible reputation as a fish house, the menu is predominantly cosmopolitan with many meat selections. The key lime pie is decadent.  The wine list is very decent as well.  You are not rushed, you are made to feel comfortable in a place where the tables are spread far enough apart to make the place seem larger.  Quality joint, one of the two best we've been to in the area over the past five years.
