So good! I had a Cuban sandwich and the hubby had a chicken sandwich with added pork. Hubby commented that it was the best sandwich he had ever had. Our total including one drink, one order of fries, and our two sandwiches came to $22 before tip.
I'm very glad I found this good Cuban cuisine place. Sweet plantains and the Cuban sandwich were good eats on this visit. I look forward to trying other things on the menu in the future.
Thank you Yelp!  We would have never found this little hole in the wall / gem with out you!  While you need to go south of here for true Cuban (Miami), this is definitely worth it if you're up north of there.  The roast pork was unreal and ended dinner with a nice cuban coffee mixed with steamed milk.  Viva Cubanito!
Tried this place for the first time recently. My chicken sandwich and yuca were SO yummy. Plus I work in the plaza and they have the best cuban coffees ready all day :) I would recommend this restaurant and will be back.
Yummy food. Came here while visiting family in area. The plantains and tostones were good.  The rice and beans were yummy as well. Nice portion sizes. Great find. Definitely will come again when we are in the area.
I had a cubano sandwich there while in the area with family. It was plenty edible but a little sad overall. I'd drop by here again if in the area with family like last time, but not unless I had to. PS - I loathe Florida. This may masque my experience.
Awesome authentic Cuban food! The half chicken and stuffed cassava are awesome. The chicken was so tender it fell apart, and the skin was saucy and crispy at the same time. Great flavor!  Hubby had the Cuban sandwich and loved it. Waitstaff are super friendly and the place is clean with a pleasant atmosphere.
Solid Cuban food. Service is great and the atmosphere is nice. The pulled pork and fried plantains were wonderful.
This is the kind of place I hate to even review. This place is rarely busy, but always perfect. If word of this place gets around I fear this place may change and I love it just as it is. Quite little piece of Cuban at the end of a strip mall. Wait staff is payed back but in a good way. I'm not bombarded or hurried to eat and get my check. They let me enjoy my food and take my time. Great place. Oh yeah and when your done. Cuban coffee! Perfecto!
Fantastic service great food great plantitoes if I could I would give it a 6 It was worth the trip from California to eat here
I would have liked to give them 2.5 stars. First time at this restaurant. . . I had the slow roasted pork.  I didn't notice on the menu that it was going to be shredded other wise I would not have ordered it.  It was dry, very dry and when I told the waitress, she brought it back to kitchen and came out with shredded pork with a sauce of some sort and it was much better.  I had the papa relleno  (appetizer) which was good. hubby had Cuban sandwich and he thought it was as good as Publix. .he was hoping for more.  Presentation of meal leaves a lot to be desired.  I asked the man who had the steak at another table, if it was tender, and he said not really. I don't think I will go back for a second try, (my pulled pork was 12.95 for.A bowl of rice and cup of beans and 3 plantains).  Bathrooms needed cleaning. The servers were very nice.
If there was ever a reason to visit the great city of Port St Lucie, FL, this would be it. I loath that I was introduced to this delicacy and then it was stripped away from me as I had to travel back where I came from. : ( If only there was Cuban as delicious in DC! I forget what it was called, but I was there for 2 weeks and I must have ordered the same dish 4 times. It was the shredded beef with stewed potatoes. Highly recommend!
Had an amazing lunch! The cuban sandwiches are delicious. Loved the homemade hot sauce. Service was fast and friendly. Will definitely be going there again.
This place is great. The service, cleanliness, and of course the food. Everything is authentic and cooked amazing! Make sure to ask for the house made hot sauce... The best! - Repeat happy costumer
Excellent authentic food. Very clean, friendly. Father's Day special was outstanding. They make am incredible mojito. Our favorite place.
What a neighborhood gem!  Have driven past this place so many times and wish I had stopped here sooner. The pork is amazing as was the grilled chicken. The stuffed cassava aka yuca rellena was equally fantastic. Great friendly service and huge portions at great prices. Make sure you try their homemade hot sauce too.
Authentic Cuban food! Perfect little restaurant to satisfy our Cuban crave. It's about 5 mins off the Turnpike, but worth it!! Excellent staff too ;-) Next time we are passing Port St Lucie- this will definitely be a place we'll go to!
Great food at a very reasonable price. Pretty authentic. Lunch specials for $8! Cute atmosphere, good service. Definitely bookmarked for the future.
A legitimate Cuban restaurant with your typical cuban dishes (ropa vieja, Cubano sandwich, rice and black beans etc.) I had a fish Cubano and it was very good! Lightly fried and served on Cuban bread. My girlfriend had a classic Cubano sandwich and it was to die for! Done right and very flavorful. The only down side to this place is, they serve what they call "homemade" sangria, but they put fruit cup pieces in the glass rather than fresh fruit like you would expect. Put fresh fruit in the sangria and I will give this place 5 stars!
great
Location: convenient to FL Turnpike on 716 (Port St. Lucie Blvd) Timing:  We were there for an an early dinner around 5:45 on a Wednesday evening Ambience: Not fancy, but clean Service: Our server was Brenda - she's fantastic Food: We had pork chunk appetizers - about the best pork we've ever eaten My wife had a Cuban combination plate of chicken, beef, and pork with moro rice which was all around fantastic tasting and generous portions.  She had yucca on the side that was prepared steamed. I had a grouper special with shrimp, moro rice (black beans mixed in), with sweet plantains on the side.  Again, delicious and rich and the portions were large. Our son(12) had the breaded steak with tostones on the side. We shared the tres leches cake for dessert which was very good but not life changing, and Cuban coffee that was on the extra sweet side.  Only downside was that the beer selection was limited and we weren't asked for refils (probably a good idea).
The best homestyle Cuban food I've ever eaten, cleverly hidden at the ass end of strip mall two blocks north of US1 in PSL. Use Google Earth, CIA operatives or whatever overpriced satellite system you need to locate this joint, but, by all means, seek this puppy out before "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" finds this joint and alerts an unsuspecting populace. We're talking worldbeater lechon (pulled pork), marinated grilled chicken like mamasita used to make, perfect yucca and plantains, the whole 9.... and a super-friendly mom-and-pop vibe. The kinda place that would make Fidel swim 220 nautical miles just to lick the back of the spoon. My only regret is that El Cubanito doesn't have a full bar, because I was just a mojito away from nirvana here. Sometimes, as Tom Cruise once said, you just gotta say , What the f***...so slug down a cold cerveza instead. Desi Arnaz, rest easy my friend. Your spirit is alive and well in Port St. Lucie.
Don Ramon's used to be the only Cuban food in town, but they went out of business, and while I never want to wish ill on anyone, the news is good because some decent food is now here in the form of El Cubanito. The black beans and plantains were perfect, and my whole fried snapper with garlic sauce was perfecto. Great empanada, too. Our kids loved the chicken soup and jambon croquette. And yes, you will be served by a great beauty. Too bad such a gem is in a cheezy strip mall. Why does Florida love its strip malls so? There's just no way to get decor or atmosphere with acoustic tiles above your head and a wall of plate glass windows looking out onto a parking lot.
If you like Cuban food you will love El Cubanito! The food is always delicious even after multiple times of eating there over the years.
While the location is pure "Florida strip mall", the food is anything but.  Everything I have had here is excellent, miles beyond the bland Americanized 'Miami standard'.  The black beans are perfectly seasoned, almost but not quite too salty - whoever cooks here has years of practice in the kitchen cooking this food, because everything is seasoned just right.  It's like going with Cuban friends to eat at their grandmothers... you have to try it!
That dude wasn't kidding about Yolanda...  The food is good too!
Excellent Authentic Cuban.
Great Cuban place! Food is authentic and tasted great.
Great coffee! Hot woman working there ie Yolanda
Best Cuban/spanish food in the area.  The fried port chunks are a great appetizer.  The grilled Grouper with shrimp was perfect.  The home made sauces are to die for.  This is the best restaurant in Port St. Lucie.
Delicious cuban food. Great service. Frendly staff. Portions are huge! The only thing that don't make me give them the 5 stars is that they don't have a full bar menu so no Mojito's with my meal. But the food was delicious.
My mom brought me here and I really liked my plate of carne,rice,beans and yucca frita.  Tasted very homemade. The fried fish was devine! The moment that plate hit the table I wished i had ordered it! We ended up sharing! Really great place but really off the beaten path :)
My coworkers and I order food from here at least twice a week.. It's so good and the portions are huge, usually takes me two days to eat all of it! Great to find good Cuban food up here...!
Excellent food! Love the Vaca Frita
