Hands down the best breakfast place I have been to. Blueberry fritters are great, similar to a deep fried blueberry muffin. Iced coffee is made with iced coffee cubes. Service is absolutely 5 star. You must eat here!
Bring your reading glasses, they definitely have the finest hashes in town. Meaty Hashes, yummy hashes, O.M.G. Hashes.... Decent cup of joe, nice clean and friendly atmosphere, I'm from Boston, and this is definitely a good safe bet, for out of towners and locals alike. Bring an appetite. They have a $6 daily special that beats The franchises hands down..
I really wanted to like this place, but I don't think I'll be going back.  This morning we went for breakfast and they told us there was a 15 minute wait, but it ended up only being about three minutes. We took the first available seat and they sat us outside, which was very nice. I ordered the loaded potato pancake breakfast with eggs over medium. The potato pancakes were so dry and my eggs were cooked hard with no runny yolk. Even the toast was dry.  I never knew breakfast could be so dry! Thank goodness for the side of sour cream and 3 sips of iced tea to get each bite down. I really should have sent it back, but I was hungry and didn't want to wait for another breakfast. And the last time I went here, I ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes with raspberries that was listed on the specials board.  They came out with no raspberries and when I asked the waitress she said they did not come with raspberries. I thought I had read the board wrong, but on the way out I checked it and it was supposed to have raspberries!!!!  Dammit! The menu items are different and sound yummy, but they just aren't executed well! I guess that's par for the course for Port St. Lucie. It's just acceptable, not horrible.
I was with my sister and brother in law and we needed a place to eat. We looked over and saw this Cafe. The name caught our eye. Glad we came in. The food was really good. The waitress was great. Clean place, the food was brought to us within a good amount of time. The coffee was good. We will be back. We ordered the chicken and waffles get the blueberry honey mustard and we ordered a burger with Gorgonzola cheese and bacon. Yummy
Nice little restaurant. The $6.99 breakfast was an amazing deal. I recommend this place!
Meh. Food was mediocre American food. Coffee is terrible. The fruits they served me were not fresh. And am not sure about putting "grilled chicken' in the vegetarian delight section of the menu. Overall, it was ok for PSL standards - which in my opinion is not that high. They definitely need better high quality, fresh restaurants around here.
The food here is awesome and trendy they are very creative The crabcakes Benedict is awesome The pancakes and French toast are great too they have them with fresh fruit and many other creative ways to make French toast and pancakes a blast
We have ate there 3 times, mostly because of the good reviews.  We kept thinking that maybe we caught them on a bad day, but we got consistently bad food.  The menu was very impressive and creative, but the quality was poor.  The last meal I had was a simple scrambled eggs with biscuits and gravy. The biscuits are the worst I've ever had and I've had many since I'm a southerner :)  they were hard, dry, tasteless, did I say hard?  I asked for more gravy to help them a bit but no amount of gravy could help these.  These appeared to be drop biscuits that were possibly made the day before.  The eggs tasted like dry, tasteless rubber.  I just don't know how anyone, let alone a restaurant, could mess up biscuits and eggs.  But, the menu does sound nice!
My girlfriend and I went here for brunch last week, and my mind was blown from the moment we walked in the door. I will warn you: the plethora of delightfully unique menu items MAY overwhelm you and is not for the faint of heart. Legitimately the best strawberry lemonade EVER, FIRST of all, NOT TO MENTION: french toast rolled in cornflakes, stuffed with nutella, and covered in bacon pieces and caramel drizzle. The tastiest, most off the wall french toast I ever did see. Menu filled with brand new creations daily, freshest ingredients, friendly staff, always immediate service when I go, no matter how busy. Would recommend this place to anyone.
Never have had a bad meal here.  But know they close at 3 pm.  Open At 8am m-th and 7 am on weekends.
Way better food compared to Panera Bread but they really discourage business professionals from sitting a second longer after you are done with breakfast. This is odd since the wifi is so fast, kinda sends a mixed message. The food is always fresh and delicious!
Very friendly. Great service. Homemade fresh food. Good price. Separate gluten free menu with experience to keep foods separate. Couldn't ask for more highly recommend this restaurant.
Went there today because they have gluten free pancakes. I ordered one gluten free pancake with pecans and strawberries. When I got the bill my pancake was $12.95. I asked what the price of a plain gluten free pancake was since they do not list it on the menu and when they looked it up in the computer is $8.95. $4 extra for some pecans and strawberries......ridiculous! And I wasn't even told it would be extra when I ordered it. Not to happy!
Spring Training baseball brought my travels through PSL, which is another way of saying a good excuse to try out new and local restaurants.  I woke up at 8 am on a Sunday morning, and noticed how quiet and empty PSL seemed to be, so I was optimistic that there wouldn't be much of a wait for me for breakfast.  Apparently, I was dead wrong, and the reason why PSL seemed so quiet and empty is because they were all in, or waiting outside of Berry Fresh Cafe. Undeterred, and with hopes that a solo diner could sneak into a bar spot easily, I soldered through.  Berry Fresh Cafe is located in a small trip right off of St. Lucie Blvd, which is also pretty convenient off of I-95, and there's plenty of free parking, which is always a positive. The general vibe of the place is warm and welcoming, and is undoubtedly clean.  As others have said, it's a place where it felt like everybody knew everybody, and rarely did a moment pass where some local was shaking hands or giving a pat or a bro-hug to an employee or fellow patron.  I was the awkward tourist waiting for a bar spot, and didn't want to draw any attention to myself, but was put at ease when the friendly host took notice of me and offered to discreetly seat me at a table if a bar spot didn't open up.  Fortunately, it didn't come to that, and I was able to get a bar spot shortly afterward. Service is friendly and with a smile, and being the veteran traveling diner that I am, I pre-decided my order while I was waiting for my seat, as not to waste anyone's time much less my own.  They have a house breakfast offer that's like $7, which includes eggs, potatoes/grits, bacon/sausage, and a type of bread of choice, as well as a bottomless cup of coffee. The wait for my food wasn't long, as I imagine the breakfast rush has cooks going at a pretty well-oiled pace, and the food did not disappoint.  Eggs were over-medium as I had wanted them to be, the bacon crispy, and the potatoes not at all undercooked.  I enjoyed my English muffin with their homemade jam, which wasn't overly sweet, nor did it have that gritty texture that often comes with poorly preserved canned jams. Bottom line, Berry Fresh Cafe is a wonderful establishment where the food is good quality, not expensive, and the service is friendly and welcoming, even for a tourist like me.  Needless to say, I loved my experience at Berry Fresh, and if my travels ever pass through Port St. Lucie again, I'd definitely want to come back.
Went there for the first time today. Our server, Julie, from San Antonio, Texas, was awesome!!!! She made sure that our order was correct and she kept checking back on us. I ordered the veggie egg white omelette and it was perfect. Add some Boursin cheese to make it even better. I love this place!!! Food is great and service was top notch. Thanks Julie! ;-)
As the Iron Sheik would say, if you didn't like this place you can go Fuck Yourself! There is no way in hell this place is anything less than 4 stars. I'm saying that and I've only eaten here once. The negative reviews are a farce. Don't believe it. I sat at the counter and the service was excellent. Very clean space and it just seemed like a friendly vibe. The coffee was perfect so I don't know what the hell Allen M. Is talking about. It came in a nice bigger than normal cup and had plenty of flavor and I drink it black. I had the OMG corned beef hash,  pancakes, bacon, and a sausage patty.  All the food was hot so I'm not sure what Sam B's problem is. Plus to complain about the hash is a joke. This $hit was real good and homemade. Plenty of corn beef and it wasn't salty at all as some tend to be. I added some Tabasco and I torn it up folks. The pancakes were bigger than my hand and I couldn't even finish them. You get two for six and change and they were fuffy and damn good.  The bacon was standard but the sausage on the other hand was outstanding. This thing had to be homemade. No way is Sysco selling sausage patties as big as this. The flavor was spot on and not spicy at all. Allen M you big cry baby they have fresh berry Jam on each table and I overheard the server say they make it in house. I'm a visitor in your town folks but I can tell you this, this place is the real deal. I found the prices to be very reasonable and the food I ate was outstanding. I'm not sure if some these Yelpers with their bull$hit negative reviews would be happy eating breakfast at the Ritz-Carlton. No doubt, if I live here I would eat here once a week. Remember to tell them Dan sent you and Stay Hungry!
I stopped in for brunch this morning and started out having to wait 20 minutes even though there were many open tables both inside and out. And while waiting outside I observed the greeter, hostess, be rude to numerous guests waiting. One older man wanted water and told her that the pitcher was out and she just looked at him and said, well I guess someone needs to go fill it up then, but did not move to help him. She never smiled and looked like she was having a bad day. Hopefully her day got better. Once seated, our service and food was delicious! It definitely made up for the rocky start!!
The shrimp and grits was awesome!  They have quite an assortment of menu items, which is great for people like me who don't do eggs.  Next time I'll try the quiche.  Also, we had no wait on a Saturday morning, which was nice.
Wife and I went here for a special occasion breakfast. We were both pleasantly surprised! The wait was a little long but not something we aren't use to when it comes to a good breakfast spot. The food was all amazing I got the Thanksgiving Hash it was like November on a plate! The portion was huge as well! Prices can creep up on you here but you would spend just as much in Orlando or Ft Lauderdale. The entire experience was amazing except for one small blemish but nothing that we would judge the restaurant by. I ordered a muffin with my breakfast and I wanted it warmed on the grill the chef burned the last muffin and the waitress came to tell me but did not offer any substitute, another muffin type or anything. I had to ask her what she was going to replace my muffin with but it wasn't a major deal.
Stopped in for a Thursday 9:00a breakfast Sat at the bar as I was dining solo with my party of one The service was fast, food was good, not great or anything special Greasy spoon stuff, not what you would call fresh / healthy at all Coffee was bland for me, like hot water really, and espresso drinks come from a Nescafe machine - yuck :-( Main disappointment (besides no fresh espresso) was no home made jelly - just high fructose corn syrup laden packets from Smuckers - I mean with a name like Berry Fresh... Also, no decent syrup? 20% maple?? All in all, though, a good value for the meal At least the food wasn't over-cooked, like most food in eastern florida...
Aunt B's Fried Green Tomatoes Eggs Benedict was delicious. I highly recommend. We also has the berry fritters with the strawberry yogurt sauce. They were pretty good too. The mimosa I ordered was really a good I would've probably orders another round but I was really stuffed from all the yummy food :) I would definitely go back next time I'm I'm PSL
Fresh is an understatement.  Delicious.  Pancakes with strawberries, eggs, bacon, and cheese grits.  Too much food and everything was amazing.  I'd definitely return.
Fantastic!!!!! City flavor with small town atmosphere. I love this place. Every time I come to PSL this is a must see place. The portion sizes are are HUGE by the way.
Nice breakfast.   Service was a little slow.
The reviews were pretty on point. The cafe is very friendly and it seems as if everyone knows everyone. The wait was short even though they were packed. Menu has a nice selection. We started off with strawberry fritters which are covered in cinnamon and served with a small side of yogurt dipping sauce,  really good. My date had her usual coffee with two eggs, bacon, home fries, and manhole size pancakes. I had the California chicken and avocado hash, it was good but I couldn't put down more than half. Great busy atmosphere and if I'm ever in town again,  I'll be back.
Great place for breakfast! The only tip I can give you is that if you do not want to wait in line try to grab a seat at the bar.
This place was crazy busy when we stopped in. However, we didn't have to wait very long to be seated  Our waitress was the most pleasant person to deal with and she was very attentive to all our needs. All the staff have name badges that show where they are located from, which I thought was a very nice personal touch. The food took some time to come, however being busy and all, I understood. The food was amazingly good and flavorful, we can't wait to go back! This is THE BREAKFAST PLACE to go from now on, when we are in the area! Good location also, right by Traditions Stadium, shopping and hotels.
Let me start by saying, YUM! We've been here several times already and we just moved here last week!  The menu is absolutely fabulous. Everything thus far has been made to order and comes out pipping hot and delicious. My husband loves the Key West Cooler drink. Which is orange juice, lemonade, sprite and grenadine...it is super yummy!  The staff is fast, friendly. And efficient. We've never waited over about 10 mins and when it's time to seat you...They text you. How cool is that?!
Great breakfast with some unique specials.  Had the shrimp and grits, blueberry fritters and blueberry and bananas foster French toast, all of them were amazing and we'll be back here next time we're in town.  Highly recommended!
Had a delicious & filling Brunch yesterday  food was fresh...& the Café Con Leche was amazing!!!
thank you, Yelp, for helping me find this place.  As a visitor to Port St. Lucie, I would never have found this place.  So glad I did. The name is very apt...lots of fresh items on the menu, very friendly staff, and a surprising alternative to the standard diner-style breakfast nook.  And nook is the right word - very cozy/comfortable inside. If the Special Olympics Golf Tournament returns to the PGA Club in future years,  I know where I'm heading.
I love this place. Four of us went here for brunch and were greeted by a friendly hostess and a friendly server. We started with mimosas. Delicious, and not light on the champagne! Good coffee too. I'd like to know what they're serving. Mom and Grandma were happy with their BLT, and the cinnamon apple pecan pancakes, sausage patty, strawberry stuffed French toast and fresh fruit bowl were delicious! Very reasonable prices too. Under $60 for: -4 mimosas -3 coffees -BLT -3 breakfast entree specials -Fruit bowl
Cold toast . $ 2.39 for coffee with coffee mate as a creamer ! Total tab 24.17 before tip for 2 people . Corn beef in the hash was a rarity . Lots of potatoes,onions and green peppers . Better name ... Potatoe hash !    Not very good , loud and expensive . My last trip
Berry Fresh Cafe has great breakfast. Sometimes I get sick of eating at "chain" restaurants for breakfast (i.e. Bob Evans and IHop) so this cafe is super in providing good food and great service. Check out the way they serve tea, too - it's so cool! I had an omelete with incredible skillet potatoes - the best I had ever had! We sat at the bar and enjoyed the hustle-bustle of all the patrons. I am definitely promoting it to friends and clients in from out of town.
As fairly new residents it's always a game of roulette while trying new places to eat. Well, we have found an absolute gem! On suggestion of family our party of three and a half tried Berry Fresh Cafe this morning and I can't say enough wonderful things about every aspect of our meal. The place was fairly busy but we were seated within minutes. Our waitresses were very pleasant and made quick friends with my two year old. Started with fresh squeezed oj, iced coffee, and blueberry fritters. Our meals were crab cake hash, lemon ricotta pancakes, California avocado omelette and the OMG stuffed strawberry French toast. Everything was amazing and super fresh. My " crab cake" was almost 100% crab and topped with two perfect medium poached eggs. We all were stuffed to the gills and didn't even make it a quarter way through our meals so we took a hefty portion to go. As you can see we thoroughly enjoyed our experience and will most certainly return again! Highly recommend!
SO GOOD! I love indulging in the shrimp and grits plus, I add some fried green tomatoes. It's a Southern gals dream. It's always a little busy which is great to see, but never too long of a wait. The staff is very friendly. It's definitely nicer than a standard breakfast diner, but it's still a little kitchy which I like! I visit with my mom every so often - she's in Melbourne and I'm in West Palm Beach. It's a perfect middle meeting place.
Fantastic locally owned restaurant in the middle of a whole bunch of chain restaurants.  The atmosphere is great and the staff is friendly and very helpful. I had the seasonal pumpkin cheesecake French toast, which was delicious.  Husband had an omelette filled with bacon and avocado which came with a home-made biscuit which was fluffy and delicious.   I noticed that there was a previous reviewer who stated that he got no cream for his coffee.  When we went, each table had a bowl full of different types of coffee creams.  Yelp effect?  :) Before we left, the friendly owner came by to ask how everything was.  That's one of the things I love about locally owned restaurants.   Overall, I would definitely return and would recommend this place to others who are looking for a friendly local place with yummy food.  I have a feeling we'll be back before we leave...there were so many tempting menu items I wanted to try.
Today was my 2nd time here and I will be back because the only thing I've ordered was the tri salad plate - which is 3 huge scoops of tuna salad (light with hardly any fillers). Egg salad (light, fresh & creamy) and chicken salad - good (the only thing keeping it from being excellent is that I prefer white meat only and it has both). All this on a bed of lettuce, sliced cucumber and fresh pita bread.  Yup, I ordered it for lunch the first time and breakfast the second, which is disappointing because they have such a fantastic menu and everyone I've eaten with loved their food too, but I just can't get passed how much I like the tri salad. I have yet to finish all 3 scoops but the waitress provides me a to-go box so I can finish it later.  Never had to wait for a table; the staff is super friendly, professional, accommodating and attentative. The place looks and feels very clean (important to me). The food is presented in such a way that you know the chef(s) care.  The place just feels right.  Try it - you won't regret it AND you will be supporting a local small business who are trying to do things right by you!!
Stopped in for a late breakfast on a Monday morning about 10:30a. Service was fast, food was good, and they were very busy. I will make this a breakfast tradition whenever I am in the area.
Prices are phenominal, and selection is great service was some of the best I have received at other resteraunts! Friendly staff!
Berry Fresh is the bomb!  Best breakfast/lunch place I have eaten at.  Only negative is that it is in a traditional Florida strip mall, but that in no way takes away from the food and service.  I have eaten here EVERY morning when I go to visit in this part of Florida.  Always, FRESH and tasty!  They have a great list of specials along with the regular menu.  Lots omelets or craft your your own.  Eggs many ways, waffles, French toast, soups, sandwiches, quiches, iced coffee (with coffee ice cubes-how thoughtful) regular and specialty coffees and teas!  If you can't find something you want to eat here (actually like 50 items!!) then you don't like food!  Servers are wonderful! Went in once at 2:55, they close at 3:00, and they were more than happy to serve us and did not try to rush us out!  Fresh, homemade mixed berry jam on each and every table.  Anyone who does not like the food here, must be used to prison fare because there is NO WAY to get a bad meal here!
Vegetarians, Stay away from here! My Fiancee and I are pescatarian and came here today (4/5/2013 3pm) expecting to get some food that was fresh and healthy.  I ordered the salmon eggs benedit and she ordered the C'est Si Bon Hash. I asked my waitress upon ordering if my dish had bacon and she told me it did not. About halfway through our meal, my fiancee noticed that there was an entire piece of bacon in her dish, and I noticed that there were bits of bacon mixed into my potatoes, I asked my dad who was along for the meal to taste it to confirm it was not just a piece of burnt potato skin and he confirmed that not only was it bacon but that it tasted rancid. According to the server the bacon must have been left over from cleaning the grill, which raises a lot of concern for me. I am pretty confident that all of our potatoes, and my salmon were definitely cooked in bacon grease. My fiancee and I both began vomiting shortly after returning home because our food had so much bacon fat in it. Aside from the fact that it made me sick, my salmon was overcooked, the hollandaise sauce was watery, my English muffin was not toasted enough so it quickly became tough and chewy under the sauce and egg yolk, so even if I didn't get sick I would have to say the eggs benedict was not worth the $12 they were charging. We ordered smothies which were loaded with sugar and had chunks of ice from being under blended. The manager never came out to speak to us and was content to throw the server under the bus, it was a struggle to get my Fiancee and I's meals comp'd and we still had to pay for drinks and the third meal even though we were pale and sick. I will never be returning here, and if you are a vegetarian I would caution you against eating here unless you enjoy getting sick from bacon fat.
Food is fresh. I have only eaten breakfast here so I can only tell you about that.  The Eggs are always perfect no matter how you get them. Sausage is awesome. . . way better than bacon. Personally  I think their home fries could stand a little more flavor.  Coffee is good and plentiful. Staff is great and they do their best to get you seated as soon as possible. They also have outside seating.  It's a great place to eat and very clean.
This is the best breakfast place I've found so far in PSL. Not to damn by faint praise, but the competition thus far hasn't been stiff. The service is really welcoming and the place has a good vibe. The food is decent, without being extraordinary in quality or price. The pancakes are good, the corned beef hash not so great. But I compare to CBH I ate in Boston and nothing matches up now, so Berry Fresh its not just you. The California Hash - which is a vege hash - is probably my favorite thing so far.
Great local restaurant/small business with excellent food. I've had both their lunch and breakfast and both have been top notch. This restaurant has one of those great menus when it's hard to choose to what to eat since there is so many great choices. Their service is great and friendly. Food tastes fresh and full of flavor. A great part of there food is that it's not greasy. Most places have an excess of oil and grease, especially for breakfast, Berry Fresh Cafe doesn't have this. There is a nice assortment of foods to try. I'd highly recommend eating there for breakfast or lunch.
This place is great! Their food is amazing and service is excellent. I would recommend anyone to go here.
How could you not love this place. This place always has innovative dishes. They make the most delicious food and the staff is wonderful. They always have good specials to offer, the service is always quick and friendly. We love this place.
Corn chowder soup was excellent. Good prices. Very fresh. Our waitress was very cool and attentive. The menu is somewhat limited but it seems like what they do serve, they serve well. A good place for breakfast, brunch, or lunch.
I wanted to like this place, I really did. After a number of days of the complimentary hotel breakfast, I thought I'd treat myself as it was so close to the Hampton's Inn.  It was a Saturday morning about 9:30am and the place was moderately active, but certainly not overly busy.  I was seated quickly and the waitress came over and offered coffee quickly.  I accepted happily. When she returned I asked for cream for the coffee and placed an order of fairly standard French Toast.  Nothing a "breakfast" themed place should have trouble with.  I was even asked if I liked my bacon crispy ... I said just normal thank you and was anticipating an enjoyable breakfast. We the waitress never returned with cream.  Sure this can happen so I was hoping for the friendly reminder next pass by.  Never happened.  The coffee got cold of course before I could enjoy it.  My meal was then delivered by someone other than the order taker and I asked her for some cream.  They delivered those sad half and half plastic thimbles of which you need half a dozen to have any impact. I then had to ask for syrup for my meal .. french toast of all things, and she brought the mini-syrup dispenser and flew off.  This thing was pure stickiness.  For the price of breakfast I expected at least warmed syrup at $17 but was given this disappointment. So I pressed on to try the french toast.  They should have asked if I wanted that crispy.  Terribly undercooked and tasteless. I really wanted to like this place.  Perhaps it was a bad day for them.  At $17 before tip, I'll never know.  When the complimentary Hampton's Inn breakfast embarasses  you so badly, I'd rather give the $17 to the lady in the Inn's kitchen who gets little appreciation.
Stopped here for lunch with a friend. It's a nice local place to grab a bite to eat for breakfast or lunch. It's a good alternative to all the chain restaurants that surround it. We had: bacon, onion, gouda quiche tomato basil soup california hash fresh squeezed lemonade Everything was really good. I would definitely stop by here again the next time I'm in Port St Lucie.
Great little find. Loved my omelette and  the fritters were awesome. Friendly, accommodating servers. Great experience all around.
Have eaten here several times and always a good meal.  Very imaginative menu.  Prepare to wait on a weekend morning because it gets crowded but worth the wait.
Never disappoints. Excellent service and fresh food = happy belly :) crab cake benedict is great
Great, fresh food. Large portions. Great people. Cute, cozy place. Best breakfast place in the Treasure Coast by far.
The coffee is amazing would be the first thing I would say about this find. My girlfriend and I were going to see a spring training game for the Mets, but we knew breakfast was a must before the game. We happened to be riding around the night before looking for the stadium and we saw the sign "Berry Fresh Cafe" and just with the title we were pretty much sold as well.  I'm a yelper so I looked it up immediately to check out the reviews and I saw it does very well. We both ordered the breakfast sandwich and it comes with fried potatoes. It was wonderful, but way too much food. We could have shared it, but I wasn't disappointed.  I would go again and recommend it to a friend or stranger for that matter.
Horrible experience!!!  Asked for a panini with no tomatoes or ranch.  The waitress brought the wrong panini to our table. Then explained that we could not get the panini the way it was ordered. I asked to see the menu to reorder but she came back to say since they were slow the chef would make it again. However she told us for future reference they would not do that again. When the new panini was brought out it had to be sent back (it had onions on it....I am allergic to them) this was not on the sandwich per the menu. Needless to say, I did not eat. We will not frequent this restaurant when we are in town again. I am giving it 0 stars for the service (rude) and the fact the order was messed up twice. Also, we felt like we were an inconvenience to them and still was charged for half of the order that I did not eat.
Berry Fresh was very good!  I ordered the C'est Si Bon Hash.  First layer was of perfectly cooked red potatoes, followed by beets, spinach, al dente asparagus spears, beets, and goat cheese, all with two eggs on top.  It was very tasty!   The coffee was definitely above average.  I also ordered a biscuit, which my companion, a biscuit aficionado, said was about the best biscuit she had ever tasted.   She ordered the whole wheat power pancakes and enjoyed them, since they were flavorful and filling.   She's also a tea aficionado and really liked the tea.  It was leaf tea which came with the hot water in a clear plastic apparatus.  When it had steeped to your taste, you would set it on top of your teacup, which opened up the bottom of the tea thingie, and the tea ran out into your cup.  Very clever.  Don't know what it's called, though.   Service was friendly and very able.   The only drawback is the Coffee-Mate instead of real dairy creamer of some kind.
I really love this place, it's the best breakfast in PSL. The food Is always fresh, well cooked and served promptly even when they are slammed. The servers are all friendly and accommodating(I am. My current faves are the fried green pimento cheese hash and Coconut French toast.
Excellent food & friendly staff. Great variety of dishes. I love your corn beef hash & grits. We ate here everyday during our visit to Port St. Lucie.
Delicious food- huge menu, something for everyone.  Comfortable atmosphere.  I only wish they were open for dinner too!
Everyone says the food and the service here is excellent.  Well, count me in as one of them.  We got strawberry french toast, corned beef hash and the fixins, and everything was delicious.  The service is top notch here.  The staff is very friendly and nice.  Been here twice now and both times I've been treated like royalty and food was awesome.  5 stars and definite recommendation for others who haven't tried this spot yet.
We love the food, service, and servers. Never been disappointed. Berry Fresh is at the top of our list when out-of-town guests stop in.
Great food had the Monte Crisco and Ruben with fries excellent food tomato basil soup was great too I will definitely come back and bring my family when they come from out of town.
Got a coupon in the mail, buy one get one free meal. That's what took us there, silly us for not reading the whole coupon. Good only M-Sat. of course we were there Sunday. I got the veggie omelet. It was ok, the Boursin cheese inside, which I've never had before tasted more like french onion dip than cheese. The red bliss potatoes were over done. I LOVE grits, but I've definitely had better. They must be doing something right though, the place was packed. We didn't have to wait long for our food. The service was great, people were supper friendly. The omelets are around eight bucks, but you do get quite a bit with the side and the toast. I might try this again if I ever get another buy on get one coupon in the mail. Next time I'll be sure to read the fine print.
Ate there this weekend after hearing how great it was...food was tasty and somewhat pricy...the biggest disappointment was after returning home I was laid up on the couch and in the bathroom for the next 5 hours...
I've only eaten there twice. Very warm and hospitable staff! The food is fresh and very delicious! The owner made us feel extremely welcome! Definitely going back for thirds
Good food and nice atmosphere. The menu leans toward healthy and homemade items. Very nice wait staff.
Awesome unique cafe. Food is excellent and the service was perfect. Wait time was a little long but to be expected on a Sunday morning.
The food and service are excellent. Prices aren't the lowest around, but you can't beat their breakfast. Best breakfast place in the Port St. Lucie area, in my opinion.
I really like this place.  It is so cute and the food is fresh and GOOD!  Not a lot of Gluten Free options but they totally helped me out and I had the grilled chicken berry salad. OMG delicious!!!! I'd eat here again if in the area.
The only thing worth saying is if you like eating herded in like cattle for not so great food then here's your barn. We will never go back!
Fast, friendly service. Nice portions for the price. Berry fresh slam and the blueberry fritters are the usual. They close around 3pm.
Great place for breakfast!
Nice food. Nice staff! Good price!
Here for the winter- been to Berry Fresh twice this week for lunch. Good salads and sandwiches, good menu selection, good prices. Both times- service was lacking. The host nearly jumps at you when you walk in the door- server comes quickly- then...nothing! Food both times took a while, then server disappeared. Overall- 3 stars...just don't be in a rush!
I've eaten here maybe a half dozen times or so.  I've never had anything bad.  This place is always packed with people so don't go thinking you're going to stop in for a quick breakfast.  You will probably have to wait awhile to be seated.  They have a ton of menu options, but my personal favorites are the different hashes.  The chorizo hash is really good, although they don't give you as much sausage as I would like.  Their banana and nutella stuffed pancakes are ridiculously good.  Even their coffee mugs are great.  They're huge.  This is the best place for breakfast in Port St Lucie.
I've visited this restaurant for breakfast twice. The first time, I had blueberries and bananas foster french toast with a side of sausage and coffee. All were delicious, which is what brought me back for the second time. Not so happy the second visit. I decided to branch out and try the corned-beef hash as the reviews said it's great. Well, I'm allergic to bell peppers and unfortunately, this dish is pre-made with peppers in it. So are all of the hashes. I settled for oatmeal, which tasted sour. I'm not sure at this point if I'll return.
decided to try out this local slur in psl..... we have always love places like first watch.  so this seemed similar.....it  was mute then that.  the atmosphere was great even with our wills 2yr old.  it was very busy but we got lucky on came just in time.  the dogs was great and the coffee was Good too.  it's not you cheap breakfast spotr but well worth the price.  we will be back
Our brunch stop at Berry Fresh has been the best foodie experience on our coastal road trip so far! We shared a half sack of the blueberry fritters to start--amazing! I had the eggs Benedict on biscuits layered with bacon, fried green tomatoes and homemade pimento cheese. Yum! My partner had a rich and chunky tomato basil soup and a quiche topped with Hollandaise. Another yum! We took some New York crumbcake to go with hotel coffee the next AM. More yum! The beauty of this place flows from three things: the people (friendy, professional servers and obviously talented chef and kitchen); their use of fresh, high quality ingredients; and the creative menus featuring new (but not weird!) twists on favorite comfort foods.
Wow! What a wonderful place for breakfast. Well prepared food made with fresh ingredients and complimented by refreshingly genuine hospitality. We agree with Diana B. - this was the best foodie experience on our trip too. Not the fanciest, just good value, super service, and fresh, well prepared food. We are tourists here and wish that Berry Fresh was near us. Visit and enjoy!
Great atmosphere. Had the coconut mango french toast special. Very nice challah bread french toast with toasted coconut and diced mango on top. Paired with a mimosa and a cup of joe, made for a pleasant and filling breakfast.
Great place for breakfast, lunch or brunch. Fresh food at a reasonable price.
Wonderful! I've had many meals here, all superb! I'm a classically trained chef and it takes a lot to impress me but so far I've had something different every time I've gone and I'm impressed each time. I have to say some of these reviews are wrong, such as bell peppers coming on every hash...not true, as I've had 3 different hashes and only the regular corned beef hash has bell peppers of the three I tried, but I digress.  Prices are higher than your average greasy spoon, but this place isn't a greasy spoon...it's fresh food, a changing menu, and I've yet to have anything greasy. You get what you pay for. If you want a $4 grand slam with two greasy eggs and limp bacon, go to Denny's.  if you want creative, fresh food, pay $3 more and go to berry fresh.
Stopped in for breakfast in the way from Dearly to the Orlando airport. Convenient access from 95, creative menu, high quality food. Just perfect! Had the Mexicali hash sans sausage. Yummy.
Quality breakfast for sure although our waitress faded the second half of our meal. The brisket hash was standout...
we love this place . little busy on sat n sunday but that to be expected it the best and cleanest place in town . the breakfast menu is extensive it a little prices but well worth it..
I have a feeling I'll be upgrading the number of stars to four after another try.  I'm only giving it three because I ordered a chorizo breakfast burrito and apparently there are two kinds of chorizo...Mexican and South American.  I didn't know that, having only ever experienced Mexican chorizo and there was no description on the menu so I was disappointed and did NOT like this type of chorizo.  After I removed it all from my burrito, i was left with some very bland scrambled eggs, 2 pieces of bell pepper and about 3 slices of sauteed onion.  I had to toss roughly half of the tortilla because there was so much excess once the chorizo was removed. The manager was kind enough to give me a $2 refund. According to our server, this happens quite a bit so it's a shame they don't put some sort of description on the menu or at the very least, maybe have the servers mention it when someone orders it?  My mom, on the other hand, was delighted with her choice.  She had french toast with mango and coconut. She said it was" sweet and gooey and fresh and delicious."  There were three huge slices of french toast and gobs of mango on top so no complaints there.  I'm going to give it another chance because there were some other menu choices that sounded great and I will say their red bliss potatoes were delish!  They also serve mimosas and bloody mary's but we didn't get one.  I will next time, though!
For Florida standards this place has great food and excellent wait staff, however I had to cash out a CD to pay for the whole wheat pancakes.
We had both breakfast and lunch there at Berry Fresh and Loved it! Would highly recommend it to anyone wanting great food and friendly staff
great fresh quality and low prices.  the cheese grits are to die for
