Our second visit and this place never disappoints.   Tonight we had the fish stew ... Clams, mussels, sea bass, and shrimp in a rich tomato-garlicky broth ... Along with blue crab cakes made expertly.  Wine pairing was flawless:  a Pouilly-fume and a surprising Pic Poul.  Go light on desserts... We tried both the fresh fruit crumble and the peanut-butter pie.   Service is both unobtrusive and seamless.
Interesting menu - great service, but something is lacking. I placed specific orders for the cooking of my salmon; and when it arrived, it was almost raw.  I had no choice but to send it back.  It was a disappointing evening.
My grandfather brought me here in 2009. It was a graduation treat. I had just finished culinary school. My mother had chicken 3 ways. My grandfather and I both had short ribs. It was outstanding, the small quaint home was inviting and the service was exceptional. The food was outstanding. Now as a chef I always think when I feel a shift was rough, I wonder did the customers feel as I did that night.
This may be the best restaurant I've ever been to. I almost always get the duck whenever I'm there because it's cooked so perfectly, it's bursting with flavor, and it's just so pretty. Everything is so fresh and organic, from the vegetables to the seafood.  They have a great wine list with specific recommendations that pair nicely with your choice of dinner. The whole staff is knowledgable and extremely friendly. The ambiance is what makes it so special though, especially on a chilly night. The soft glow of candles against the rustic interior is very romantic. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys good food, great wine, and a little romance.
Cozy setting, advant garde menu, expensive high-end dining.... The food here is delicious with uncommon food combinations.  The prices are higher than what you might spend elsewhere, but you won't find these same recipes and menu choices anywhere else. The setting is small and cozy and can get somewhat noisy. The wait staff is knowledgeable and pleasant and very attentive. The wine list is extensive. If you can spend the money and want a dining experience then do come here for dinner. Are you a true foodie? Then definitely dine here. We came with another couple and had a very pleasant evening. We sat at a cozy table and ordered from the "small plates" menu. The food quantity is small, not the actual plate. In fact the plates were platters for some choices and we couldn't fit four on our small round table. We decided to order four small plates for appetizers to share and then each couple ordered an additional small plate to share for dinner. It was more than enough food. Do check the menu online for the selection and prices. We had rare tuna, the hiramassa with ginger, crab cake with fried green tomato, escarole salad with calamari and fennel, the wood grilled octopus with farro, rare grilled wahoo. All menu choices were exceptionally delicious and well prepared and presented. Six small plates, a bottle of $48 wine, and three desserts, (all delicious!) and the bill came to $208 before tip. For me, this is a special occasion restaurant and we will return. I did not give it the full 5 stars only because of the pretentiousness of the whole experience. I personally feel that calling the meals "small plates" and then bringing out a platter big enough for a turkey with a small amount of food, nicely decorated of course, is still a little silly. The crab cake was smaller in diameter than the fried tomato that is was resting on, and it was $20.95. I realize you are paying for the ambience and presentation and uniqueness of the dish, but I thought is was just a little too pretentious for my taste.
good potential but too noisy, and the tvs over the bar tell you: all they care about is beer and cocktails, the food, which can be good, is an afterthought.
I am writing this review from memory.   I moved away several years ago, however, 11 Maple Street is my all time favorite restaurant.  Period.  There.  I said it. Margie and Michael use the freshest local ingredients, a wide variety of organic stuff, and even grow some of their own.   While I have sampled and tried many items on the menu, there is one item I have never had anywhere else in all my years and travels, and which I must have at least an appetizer of -- Pan Fried Conch in Balsamic Vinegar... OMG it turly is the candy of the sea. The restaurant is n an old home, with additions, it's off the beaten path.   They're inclined to use things like edible nasturtiums as garnishes and often the dishes look almost to beautiful to eat.  But ... eat them.   When it comes to 'inventive... artistic... delicious... ' you may never find a place as good as this.
11 Maple Street was a wonderful experience, start to finish.  We ate outside on a cool night, but the white fence beside us protected us entirely from the cool wind off the water.  It felt like we were dining at a friend's home.  Our server was a delight and we spend a lot of time chatting with her. The menu is broken down into small plates and large plates.  Don't be fooled: the small plates... they are not small.  They are what I would call a regular plate.  We didn't order the large plates so I can't comment about those... but maybe next time :) Dishes of note: - Wood-Grilled Octopus with mushrooms, lemon and cranberry.  The octopus was perfectly tender (though I prefer a bit more of a charred flavor), and was wonderfully presented as a single long tentacle, accentuated by the actual tentacle tip at the end.  The tart fruit flavors and earthy mushrooms really came together for me, and I enjoyed every bite. - Black Bean and Calamari Fritters:  Fried balls of deliciousness to be dipped in either the (very very very salty) ponzu sauce or a salsa verde.   I did not taste the calamari at all over the black beans and ponzu... but I also did not care, because these were delicious.  I love salt so that ponzu sauce worked well for me, but if you don't really love salt, avoid dipping in that one. - Skate Wing: The highlight of the meal for me.  A big, beautiful, perfectly fried skate wing, delicate, flaky and tender, with my favorite skate wing accompaniments: olives, caper berries and lots of lemon.  Heaven on a plate. - Kobe Hanger Steak: this was a substitute order when they sadly ran out of softshell crab... but it certainly held its own.  Incredibly tender for a hanger steak, to the point I might not have needed a knife at all, let alone the steak knife I was given.  The potatoes and other items on the plate were tasty as well, but the steak itself really showed some skill on the part of the chef. An excellent meal which I will be happy to repeat!
11 Maple street is run by a very talented chef that clearly is bigger than this tiny restaurant in Jensen Beach. I try to visit them often and somehow they manage to surprise me every single time. Now, I really don't care if the food is organic, is compliant with the diet du jour or has translucent fats or not. I am willing to eat anything as long as it tastes good and doesn't move much. The amazing thing about 11 Maple street is that things always taste good. The menu: The menu changes often, it is hard to pin-point a favorite, but when available I will always order duck breast that comes dressed with pine nuts and cabbage. I would order this just for the pairing alone. Seafood is excellent also, there is normally grilled wild salmon available or in season red snapper paired with fennel seeds. The attention to detail is unbelievable, from what I understand they actually grill things on special kinds of woods, salmon for example is grilled on oak or cherry chips because it enhances the flavor so.   If you are lucky you may see a wild grilled elk or some other exotics. As I said, I try everything and anything and am never disappointed. I can't comment on wine as I don't drink, but the list is extensive and you literally need a knowledge of a foreign language to understand some of the choices. Or simply ask a friendly waiter, they seem to always be there eager to help. As with any place that serves such imaginative food it is better to leave junior at home, everyone will be happier at the end of the evening. Rated 5 out of 5, truly excellent place.
Celebrating our 5 year anniversary we normally would make the trip to Peters right next door. We had reservations there but stopped in to 11 maple for a drink. After being helped at the bar by Sylvia we wanted  a menu to look over, then she asked us if we've ever eaten here before, convincing us to stay, little did we know what we were missing all these years! The menu made up of small plates and large plates were just enough for one or good enough to share for two. We ordered two small plates and one large which left plenty of room for dessert. Our antipasto dish was a great start which had a Bleu cheese cheesecake with olives, salami and a artichoke purée. Did I say blue cheese cheesecake. Genius! Our other plates were equally delicious. Besides the excellent food our server was even better, great recommendations, knew the menu and was very personable. Saving room for dessert Sylvia suggested the peanut butter chocolate cake, another home run,who would of thought a half jar of peanut butter in the form of cake could be this good! Great food excellent service worth every Penny! You won't be disappointed.
This place is fantastic.  I made reservations for a work dinner on a Wednesday party of 9 and I wouldn't recommend it for any larger groups and only Monday-Thursday as this is a more intimate restaurant on the weekend.  What didn't we have?  We had 3 bottles of wine,  2 small plates of ceviche, black bean balls of some sort with delicious sauces, olive platter,  bread ... all very good. We also had the beet salad with this exquisite creamy goat cheese and another warm salad (escarole?). We had crab cakes on the fried green tomatoe which were great but not my favorite. We ordered venison (or was it something else? I have an awful memory and had too many glasses of wine apparently), duck, soft crab, hanger, octopus and it was all AMAZING (we started picking at each others plates when we started commenting on how delicious it was). We ended up with every desert on the table but the peanut butter pie was the best (to me) followed by the light and airy key Lime creme brulee. We had a lovely time. This place is on the expensive side but it is worth it.  Main complaint from us all was that it was hot in the restaurant.  We told the server multiple times but we never felt anything was actually done about it. Our tab was probably close to 1k.
Quaint setting in a sleepy town. "small plates" meant to be shared, are delicious & beautifully arranged. Deserves the positive reviews found on yelp and zagat. Recommend the sturgeon, the duck and the foccacia. Chef is from the school of "rare means cool in the center," but the wild game (elk) was delicious. Definitely worth the drive to Jensen Beach, but be prepared to drop $80-100 per person.
One of the best and most creative chefs in Florida.  The dessert chef ain't bad either.  Great atmosphere too. Been going here for as long as its been open ... 25 years?
Ok.  I really, really want to like this place. From the outset, the restaurant home exterior is beautiful. You walk through a simple garden and once inside, you feel like you are in someone's home for a sit down dinner.  The staff is friendly and they have a terrific menu of items.  The food is beautifully presented and  the menu items are very well thought out.  Judging from the menu at the restaurant versus what was on the menu on the web, the chef seems to change from time to time to take advantage of what is in season. I ordered the a NY Strip Steak with Port Wine, Potato Fritters, Portabello and asparagus.  I also ordered a Sprecher's Stout which was delicious.  In fact, everything BUT the steak was terrific.  I had originally ordered it medium rare, and when I received it, the steak was beyond rare on the inside. I sent the steak back, and the service was professional about returning the steak to get it refired. Unfortunately, although cooked to medium rare on the inside, the steak was very tough and certainly not what I was expecting for a $49.00 steak.  On top of it, the steak was absolutely tasteless.  At this point, I chose to eat the steak since I had a movie to catch, when in other instances I would have returned it and ordered something else. The elements are all here for a terrific restaurant experience.  Unfortunately, they fell short when it came to the main entrée.  I will return to give it another try
We celebrated our 50th wedding anniversary at 11 Maple Street last night.  Four wonderful small plates and orange creme brûlée for dessert.  Our server Heather was wonderful.  The presentation and taste of each dish......fantastic.
This restaurant should not be in the United States. To my knowledge this is the finest dining experience in Florida. The service staff are knowledgable and gracious. The food shows a dedication to the culinary arts missing in most restaurants in the US. Worth a long drive out of the way.
What a hidden gem in little Jensen Beach! Last Saturday was my first visit to 11 Maple and it will not be my last. Ever since my parents bought a spot in PGA Village, we've agreed that it is tough to find some fantastic fine dining spots in the area. 11 Maple proved us wrong. Upon entering, we found an adorable old house turned into a cozy restaurant. We sat outside and lucky for us, it was not a cool evening. It was perfect. We all ordered off the small plates menu. I would make sure to ask your server about the sizes because they varied. Some were what I would consider an appetizer size, while others were absolutely enough for a main course. Generally, the more expensive the small plate, the larger the dish. The food: I loved everything we ordered. I will say that some of the dishes were on the salty side, however, that is not a problem for me. My beau and I shared four dishes. We started with the black rice and calamari fritters. These were delicious. I can't say I could taste a lot of calamari but it didn't matter. They were awesome. Next we tried the wood grilled octopus. Wow it was tender and a huge portion! My only complaint is that I wished I could taste that wood grill a little more. That being said, I still adored it. For our "entrees" we had the skate wing and the hanger steak. The skate wing was melt in your mouth tasty. Perfectly cooked. Onto the hanger steak. We ordered this because they were out of the soft shell crabs and I was actually happy that gave us a reason to try it!  I have never eaten a hanger steak more tender. The whole dish was awesome. I loved whatever the chef marinated the steak in as well. Adorable place, great food AND the service was awesome= perfect Saturday night out!
Excellent meal! The Waugoo hanger steak is to die for.
One of the best restaurants I've been to, if not the best. Great tasting food, great wait staff, nice atmosphere. Amazing!!! That sums it up!
I was introduced to Michael and Maple St when I Iived in with my folks in PSL to go to culinary school. A friend worked there and I was stunned and addicted from the first taste. I never could make Conch exactly that tender or find that perfect flavor. It must get a little boring making one thing so F@&$;ng good u keep it on the menu cuz everyone orders it. Chef flies in the face of contemporary plating and like '80s hair bands he garnishes tall and in, at times, architectural defiance. HOWEVER...like some loud mouth you just WANT to be wrong he has the answer and when he opens his mouth and speaks says the right thing and shuts you up. It works, looks beautiful and all makes sense to the dishes and never looks old and played out. I don't know how. To boot, Margie and Michael are nice folks as well making the pill all the better to swallow. NEVER get her peanut butter pie. In fact, in order not to get anyone else sick...buy what she has and ship it to me for proper destruction and disposal. Most produce is as local and organic as possible as well as meats. There are a multitude of seafood options obviously being S. Florida and they know their way around fish. In fact, check your undies...you're in for seafood seduction. Get the skate if u see it. But fish and veg aside Michael always has Venison, Duck, and of course beef and chicken which often plates up as Poussin. I can't say enough great things about this place. When I am home in Philly...I long for home...on...Maple St. ...11 Maple St. I truly can draw in a deep breath and relax there. Chefs fr NY and Philly etc need to see a guy and place like this and be humbled. Lastly what a testament that, for years, so many people come from as far as Miami to dine here. I never find ways to shut off the feelings but a true appreciation for what I am experiencing always instills me with such rage watching so many of the wealthier retards. The same no matter where you are. They go b/c the place has good reviews and is expensive etc. They talk a good game...a bunch of schmooy bullshit but have no clue what REALLY is in front of them and would not say out loud what they really think of service-folk. But they are loud, arrogant and watching them is irritating but whatever. Met's Mike Piazza sat across from us one time. Just go. Or don't, maybe that'll be when I'm there and you'll increase my chances of reservations. BTW- real wood fired grill... Carefully tended all day...= more than stunning flavors
Really, really consistently excellent.  I've been here annually for the past few years and I'm always very satisfied.  This is an expensive place, but it's definitely the best restaurant I've been to in the area.  The dishes are creative, combine different flavors well and are a real pleasure to eat.  My mother is especially partial to the ribs appetizer, which I can strongly recommend as well.  Actually, now that I think about it, the grilled octopus was perhaps even slightly better than the (really superb!) ribs.  I strongly recommend the ceviche if you want something a bit lighter too.  The arctic char entree was also excellent.  In short, if you are not budget constrained, this is a really outstanding place to eat.  I'm glad there is something like this near Stuart!
Excellent dinner! Picture this: authentic old florida home (wood floors, exposed beams, quaint, intentional rooms, foliage) converted to a restaurant. It's like someone invites you to their home and puts food and drink in front of you that's their personality in a wine glass (we had spanish wine) and presentation and taste of the food. The food and the paired drink mean something at 11 Maple Street, and my wife and I absolutely appreciate that. We were staying at a local bed and breakfast (Inn at Tilton Place, highly recommend) and walked over for valentines dinner a day late because I was too late to book the reservations (my fault). During the dinner we shared an exquisite appetizer (focaccia with braised pork belly), I had the special for the evening (arctic char with fried rice, beets and a delicious aioli sauce), and my wife had a salad (butter lettuce dish). Loved the menu and will try again for sure when in the area. Recommend if you're in the area. We did go on a busy weekend, so we were only able to get a 9:00pm reservation and that's slightly late for us to start dinner. I recommend early reservations and be prepared to spend some money, well worth a great evening.
I would beg my parents to take me here when I was little. It's an institution for a gourmet and upscale-yet totally unpretentious- dining experience. The food is so creative and delicious. It's in an old house in downtown Jensen, and is just gorgeous. The service, staff, wine list and menu are impeccable. I recommend the duck and scallops. A must-go for a special night/date. Dress up and enjoy!
This is one of our favorite restaurants anywhere.  It's not too far from our home town and is our special occasion celebration location.  The ambience is lovely, a charming cottage; we love to be tucked away in a cozy corner when possible. The food is always impeccable and creative, the service is excellent, wine choices are plentiful.  Pricey and worth it!
Cozy small restaurant with delicious small plate servings, off the Main Street of Jensen beach yet walking distance. A must for a quiet relaxing dinner after a day at the beach.
This is far and away my favorite restaurant in the entire country. My wife and I have gone about 5 times on various visits to Stuart and have always been thoroughly impressed. You will not be disappointed here.
I've been three times since moving to Jensen Beach.  This is really a special place.  Excellent food and a very efficient friendly staff.  In a great older house right in town.  Love it....and a nice little bar if you just want to have a beautiful spot for drinks.
This place is the best place around!  Don't let the quaint cottage feel turn you away, this is by far the best meal in and around Jensen Beach and Stuart.  We recently bought a condo in the area and this was one of the first places that peaked our interest.  Sylvia was our first and only waitress, as we have requested her every single time.  She has gone out of her way to make us feel as though we are part of the family!  If you have a private party of 4-6, I'd recommend trying to reserve the bar area on a Thursday night.  You can listen to the live music from across the street during Jamin Jensen, plus the small, private bar makes you feel like you are having personal  attention all night!  They change their menu, but if they have it, try the tuna nicoise small plate.  It is fabulous and gorgeous.  The elk tenderloin is amazing, as is the waygu hanger steak.  Actually, everything is fantastic!  Even if you are a cheap date, you can still go here and order a small plate and a nice glass of wine and impress your date!  My husband and I will go here every time we are in town!
Best restaurant in the area. Small plates are generous sizes and 3 plates are perfect for 2 people. Staff is friendly and helpful. Ambiance is quaint. A+++++ all around!!! No more expensive then a decent restaurant in NY at about $16 per small plate. We will be dining here whenever in Florida.
The most fabulous meal and delightful atmosphere !
Came here based on yelp reviews. We shared the escarole salad, wahoo sushi loin, and the sea bass with ribolita, all paired with a smooth Dundee Hills Pinot and finished with the peanut butter pie. Everything was spot on and rivals any restaurant I've ever visited. Lots of complexity to every dish and all were well-presented. The ambience could be tuned with some more noticeable music, but we had a very pleasant evening at 11 Maple Street. Highly recommended!
My husband and I went here based on Yelp and Trip Advisor reviews. My husband is a meat and salad kind of guy and as soon as he saw the menu he wanted to bolt! Fortunately I convinced him to stay. We had three 'small' plates: crab cake, salad, and pork ribs. The salad and crab cakes were good, especially the carrot reduction on the crab cake. The pork ribs were awesome: so tender fall off the bone and the Thai sauce was very tasty. We had key lime creme brûlée for dessert which was so creamy and delicious. It's a small place with tables in different nooks and crannies. There is also a bar. The chairs we sat in we're uncomfortable. The service was good. This place is pricey: up to $30 for 'small' plates and up to $50 for entrees. The two of us shared three small plates and dessert and had one drink each and we were stuffed!   We went around 630 on a Friday night and by the time we left at around 8pm it was almost full. Overall, cozy place with tasty food for a price. We'd go again!
Happy to drive from Palm Beach Gardens for an amazing meal. Truly a talented chef who thrives on flavor pairings and artistic presentations. Heather (?) is a delightful server. Couldn't be happier with a wonderful birthday meal. Happy to walk in at 8pm in January to a table that is waiting for us, a quiet restaurant and a delightful time with family. This is what dining should be. Now wonder they are so highly rated. HAPPY HAPPY DINER!
I feel a bit of pressure being the 1st to give 11 Maple anything but 5 stars. The one sentence summary is that for the $80-$100 per person you should expect a lot, and unfortunately it doesn't quite deliver. Our party of four arrived on the Saturday after Christmas to find a half empty restaurant. First miss was no liquor - beer wine only. If I'm spending then I want a bit of a buzz to soften the bill at the end of the meal. Food is oddly organized into a long small plates menu and a short large plates menu. Small = basically salads and small portions and large = entrees, only four. Three of us stuck to small plates, and I went all in with a large plate - I guess that makes me a large guy. Both salads - beet and arugula - were good and enough to share. The crispy quail was too much like fried chicken with no seasoning in the breading. The smelt were too heavily fried. I had the buffalo which, because of the leanness, needs to be rare or med-rare. It was rare but not warmed all the way through. It could also have used more flavor from a mushroom sauce. Service was good but not great. We had to ask for bread twice to get it and then a refill on bread is an additional charge - stupid. Water was always full but part of our small plates order was forgotten until we reminded the waitress. In the end it's a nice restaurant with good food but I won't go back.
Very good food, but roaches crawling around!!!!
I went with my crazy family over Thanksgiving weekend ('07). I was flat out impressed. The only thing I would change would be cutting down the appetizer menu (from ~20) to match it better to the entree menu (6 choices). Our waitress juggled my family's idiosyncrasies quite well. My Dad's deathly allergic to most nuts, I like help with pairing, my uncle wanted somebody to explain arugula to him, and several people asked for their entrees to be cooked well beyond what she had recommended (she very kindly, and uncondescendingly talked them into choosing something in the middle -- duck at medium instead of well done). The food itself was incredible. I ate ingredients I had never tried before. The flavor combinations were terrific and many were a first for me. The plating was beautiful without being showy, and the flavors were terrific and came together very well. After being at several area restaurants with only bad beer, their list was appreciated, and good. I drank a Dragonhead stout, and a white beer that the name escapes me right now. (even the bread, clearly just baked in-house, was spot-on) Bread pudding for dessert was the best I've had. Wasn't breaking much in the way of new ground, but was excellent. The spiced creme brulee was very good as well. A little pricey, but find an occasion and go. I highly recommend it.
I feel a little late here reviewing 11 Maple Street, as if there were something I could add... So, I'll be brief. The food is EXCELLENT quality, and the attention to detail in its preparation is obvious. I love their wine list, and the service I experienced (at the bar) was on point. I know that a restaurant like this is not everyone's style, but if you're in the mood for a superior experience (and you are willing to pay for it) then check out 11 Maple Street.
Phenomenal food! Must try the flatbread. And leave a veggie platter up to the chef-just request it include some fried green tomato. Yum!!!!
Best in the area.  But that isn't saying much. Normally go with three small plates between two people.  Haven't tried anything I disliked.   Is it worth the drive from the cosmopolitan enclaves of West Palm or Boca? Probably not.  In a NE city this would be pub food, but on the Treasure Coast it is some grand to do.
Fantastic!!! Amazing food, probable the best Florida has to offer. The black rice fritters were outstanding! The flank steak and the Ahi tuna stew was exceptional.  The wine selection is good but very reasonably priced for the mid range bottles.  I'll definitely be back!!!  Service was great and so was the atmosphere. highly recommend if you are looking to impress or spend a special night out.
Quaint cozy restaruant, which belies the extraordinary fare! (often it is one or the other...not BOTH) Friendly staff, Dave was outstanding, helped us navigate the most unusual offerings... Braised conch in balsamic, with a salsa, wild boar ribs in a sweet Thai marinate. Even the bread was killer... Crispy thin twists of cheddar sesame with a hint of anise. Choose the small plates and share it all, we did and enjoyed several of the most exqusite tastes any of us (from Oregon & Ohio) have had in along while. A destination for anyone wanting a food adventure. Wow! (don't understand the complaint about price... We had 5 plates and wine for a $100... and were happily stuffed. Outstanding tastes!
As you can see from the other reviews this restaurant is Top Notch! I go every year in March with my best friend for her Birthday and my grandmother. My grandmother is the one who got me hooked on this place, mostly because I would have never found it unless you know a local like herself. The food is amazing but expensive, but WELL worth the money. They offer a variety of wild game as well as your staple items for those of you who are less adventurous. The offer small plates with wine pairings which is the way I always go. Upon my last visit I had the warm escarole salad with crispy calamari which is VERY filling. I also had the soft shell crab, which was fried but not greasy just perfect crispiness. Ohh and the deserts are amazing they are made by the hostess with the mostess Margie, when I have room for dessert my choice is always the Lavender Creme Brulee. If you go on a Friday night you are in for a treat they have a wine tasting, which you can purchase as well as have the wines of the evening with your meal. They also give you yummy snacks with the pairings. The fee for the wine tasting is 15 dollars. Great place for a special occasion or if you just feel like treating yourself to a wonderful meal. 11 Maple should be on every ones radar in Jensen Beach.
This was worth every dollar and food was excellent.  Server was well informed, room was charming. Excellent creative menu. We spent about $80 with tip, for 3 small plates, desserts, coffee, two beers.  The "small" plates are often entree sized, and the large ones appear expensive, but perhaps can be shared.  In this barren food area (many restaraunts, most are poor or just fair) this was a nice surprise up to NYC standards.  Not expensive for great food. Will return, best meal of our trip.
My husband took my mom and I here to celebrate two different special occasions and he was so excited to take us and so proud of himself for doing the research to find it.  I love eating in non-chain, unique places and he definitely did well in finding 11 Maple Street!  It was perfect!  The restaurant is a converted house which is cozy, charming and quaint.  We were seated in a little dining nook next to the front window which was surrounded by beautiful plants.  The menu is divided into two parts:  small plates and large plates.  Our server explained that people usually either order 2 small plates or 1 large plate and also many times people share the small plates.  There are only 4 large plates but the small plates selection was large.  I chose the black rice and calamari fritters and the caicos conch which we were told has been on the menu for 25 years....and with good reason!  Whilst I can't be sure, it looked and tasted like the "black" in the black rice/calamari fritters comes from pureed black beans.  They came with a delicious salsa verde sauce that complimented them perfectly.  The conch was in a thai sauce that was both sweet and spicy and was tender and flavorful.  My husband decided on the octopus and quail.  It is hard to find good octopus because it's so difficult to cook it so that it's still tender and not rubbery.  This was probably the best we've ever had!  It seemed to just melt in our mouths.  The quail was tender and seasoned nicely.  My mom had a salad and a crab cake served on a fried green tomato.  She said the crab cake had virtually no filler (as often is the case with crab cakes) so it was just nice tasty crab.  I must mention that the presentation of each of these dishes was beautiful!!!  Their wine list is extensive and we were able to find a lovely sauvignon blanc from South Africa to share.  We all had the flourless chocolate torte for dessert.  Drizzled in chocolate, caramel and a sprinkling of blueberries, it was the perfect ending to a phenomenal meal.  Expect to spend at least $80 to ?? per person (there are wines on the menu close to $200)  for wine, meal and dessert but it's money well spent, in my opinion!
One of my favorite restaurants. Small quaint setting. Food was excellent. Order small plates. a must restaurant to go.
We drove from West Palm to come here because one of our group had a good experience 5 years back. Unfortunately our entire group had a bad experience. The place looks really cool with the restaurant being inside an old house but the chairs were old antiques and uncomfortable. It took forever to get menus and served and our dishes came really late. They informed us after waiting 45 minutes for our first course to come that they took on a large party and the kitchen was overwhelmed. They gave us a plate of olives to pacify us. The food was just ok, the battered conch could have been any meat inside because it was over basted by a sweet sauce that reminded me of General Tso's Chicken. It was also the same batter as the Calamari Fritters. The rest of the plates were ok, crab cake was probably the only thing we tried over 7 different small plates that was worth a positive review. The only entree ordered (took 2 hrs to get) came out rare when the guest ordered medium. They seemed somewhat empathetic with our complaint and gave us dessert but that also was just mediocre. I thought the ice cream was the best part of the cobbler which I could barely finish.  Way overpriced and its not worth the trip-
it was ok
