My girlfriend and I had to go check this place out after reading all the great reviews. I'll tell you this, Krua Thai did not disappoint!! Located in an unamusing little strip mall sorta thing, you would not expect much walking into the little restaurant. I started my meal with a wonton soup. Probably the best I've ever had in any Asian style restaurant. I ordered the Shrimp spicy drunken noodles 4/5 of spicy-ness and boy did it live up to its name! Very flavorful and yet not over powered by the chilis. Services was quick and friendly. Good prices. The only thing I thought was weird was that the salad was dressed with honey mustard dressing lol. Highly reccommend!
Sorry Krua Thai, I have been a bit busy. Between daily life and eating at your place weekly I have been a bit negligent. So, here is another deserving 5 star review for everything you do. One of my favorite moments from sitting in this place was when someone popped their head in the door and asked if this place served Sushi. He was told no. Now, I am new to this whole Thai/Sushi restaurant thing. They make me a bit skeptical. Places pull it off for sure, but when you find a spot that is so focused on what they do, whatever they do, it's great. There is an actual Chef here. Chef Ben and his creations are amazing. I haven't been to Thailand but I do have it on good authority that these are true dishes. I of course had the best Pad Thai, shrimp and tofu both. You can pick your level of spice what ever you order. Fish Volcano is my ongoing favorite and a nice thing is you have a choice of white or brown rice. Anything I have had here has been amazing. Unassuming strip mall facade but truly a nice place to be in, well decorated, perfect seating arrangements and the greatest service imaginable. They make you feel like you are a regular from day one.
I have to follow suit and say.....Hell yes, this place is fantastic! Every time I eat hereI have to go back and get takeout the next day! It's that good.....I can't stop thinking about it! My husband ordered the shrimp dumplings and fish volcano (spice 3) and I ordered the samurai noodles (spice 1). Delicious! Next day take out, pad thai and samurai noodles! Delicious again! The wait staff is attentive, they make you feel like it's your own personal restaurant. Chef Ben has come out from the kitchen personally to ask how the food is! Amazing! I can't wait to go back and try new things!
Absolutely delicious! We had the crispy volcano duck and the grouper with Penang curry sauce and both were superb. In fact they were so good it was difficult to order other dishes the next time we went back which were equally as great! We can't wait to try something new next time!
My boyfriend and his daughter have eaten here several times this week and have come home raving about not only the food but the experience. Tonight we decided to order out and since wanting to take me there for lunch today and never made it my boyfriend called in the order. I must say when I went to pickup our order I was instantly charmed by the 2 men running the establishment! I most definitely will be back for the full Thai experience! They were wonderful! Even threw in some Jasmine tea we were craving. I decided to write this review after sampling everyone's dishes, each one was as amazing as its predecessor and left me wanting to sample the entire menu. In conclusion this is a must try restaurant! I love Thai cuisine and this is truly one of the most authentic gems I have ever tried! Thai food that tastes this good right here in Stuart Florida is quite possibly better than actually being in Thailand at a 5 star restaurant! bottom line, this is definitely the best Thai I have ever had! Fresh & full of flavor! Don't pass this one up, you won't regret it. Almost forgot the best part, they have Thai cooking classes! I will definitely be signing up ASAP!
The boo and I came here for dinner and we were NOT disappointed at all!!! We were actually really surprised and impressed! Definitely some authentic Thai food! We ordered beef pad thia with spice level at 4, spicy beef salad at spice level number four, and grouper wither massaman curry! Everything was Boooomb.com!!! Staff was very friendly but the good and Flavors were on point!
I can sadly say we will not be back. The food from several previous visits has been great, especially the soup. The service is extremely friendly and kind. Unfortunately I found what appeared to be a mop like thick string in my last meal there and can't bring myself to eat here again. They apologized and took the item off the bill but it made my stomach turn.
Krua Thai is the definitive Thai restaurant on the Treasure Coast and might rank at top in all of Florida. I say this as person who has spent many years in Thailand and who has dined at literally dozens of Thai restaurants throughout the state. The restaurant is small and charming and located in a less than glamorous plaza on the south side of Stuart but it makes up for this with exceptional food. Chef "Ben" takes such care with his menu and preparation to elevate it to the highest levels often referred to as Royal Thai. This is the experience you will receive of dining in the finest restaurants in Bangkok. The only difference being the lack of pageantry and costume you might encounter in Thailand. The service here is American and efficient. I'm almost tempted to just encourage you to close your eyes and point at the menu because anything you select will be thrilling. The curries are made from scratch and the the herbs are harvested from a private garden. These are some of the details that make this place shine above the others. Keep in mind the restaurant closes at 9pm every night. Don't show up at 8:45 because they don't like it. They will tell you to call them next time so they know to be prepared but they don't mean it. When you call to tell them you coming, they will say  "sorry, we close at 9." A few of my menu favorites are: Ginger Rice Soup - this is a simply delicious soup. Enough said. Tiger Steak Salad - Yum Nua perfected. Grilled beef tossed in mint, onions, lime and a light dressing. Basil Rice with cashews - perfection.
This place was alright. Their drunken noodle was good. Their Pad see ew was mediocre at best. We will not return.
4 of us went to dinner at Krua Thai last night--food is phenomenal so don't let the location put you off.  If you like Thai food, you will not be disappointed.  Not very busy on a Tuesday night, and the owner could not have been more hospitable and welcoming.  We will definitely make another visit the next time we are in Stuart so I hope the local residents patronize Krua Thai--I certainly would!
A little spot tucked off in a shopping plaza. The food was delicious. The service was top notch. A waiter was very helpful with plenty of suggestions.
Was surprised to see that this place that had received so much praise on yelp was actually just blocks away from me... Def gonna be a regular guest here now after trying it..staff is very friendly and on top of there tables.. Food was insanely good.. I had the tom kha soup to start which was a great blend of flavors and my girlfriend had the chicken satay that we both nibbled on and enjoyed.. We both had the chicken panang curry she had 3star I had 4star heat level .. Mine tasted a good bit spicier so be cautious of the levels.. Also had wine and they are very generous with the pour.. Overall loved the place an food and will def be back..
It's really tough to find good food in the area.  Not sure why but restaurants in a 20 mile radius this is just hands down the best.  I love the sauces, the chicken dishes are my favorite.  Nice curries, fresh basil, it's purely glorious. I fly in to visit my friends all the time and this place hands down is a must every time.  It's one of the things I look forward too!
Hands down the best Thai in Stuart/Palm City area. Owners are super friendly, food is fantastic and they even offer cooking classes!
This place is terrific. I have been there 9-10 times and have never been disappointed. Family owned business with the owners always present. This place will not disappoint you.
We stopped in after seeing the positive reviews on yelp and wanting some better Thai then we have sampled thus far in the PSL area. By far the best Thai we've had here. Not the best ever, as that title still belongs to Dancing Noodle in Parker CO. I had the Drunken Noodles with tofu, 4 star spice, which for lunch comes with a salad. Added spring rolls to the order. The salad was solid with the standard miso dressing. The spring rolls were great standing alone, and with the plum sauce. Wife had pad Thai, tofu, 3 star spice. She liked it better then what we've had in FL so far, and I agree. We both enjoyed our lunch, but certainly weren't blown away. The staff was friendly, and kind. We will be back.
Delicious food!  I enjoyed the food so much last night I had to go back again today.  You simply must eat here.  The devote is nice, the staff is very friendly and the food will meet your every expectation.
This place is fantastic. What a find thanks to Yelp! All the food I've tried has been delicious -- the flavors remind me of the food I had in Thailand. The salads are personally some of my favorite dishes, especially during the hot summer months. And the staff is amazing. Hats off to chef Ben and the rest of the crew!
On their brochure the address is 3283 SE Federal Hwy, so not certain which is the correct address.  they are in the same strip mall as Hess and Jersey's Mikes. Either enter the area behind Hess's on Indian Street or enter from Route 1. This is one of my few experiences with Thai food. After having lunch there,  my husband insisted we try it and took me there Saturday afternoon at 4:30 June 8 2013. It was cool, calm and clean -- a relief after running around all day in the heat and humidity. There is low lighting and a small three or four seater bar where everyone picked up their to-go orders.  I'd say it seats perhaps 25 to 30 people. The place is small and intimate.  Even though a pleasant Thai music tape plays, any conversation is easily overheard when the place isn't full.  There was one other couple dining besides us. We started out with spring rolls which were light and tasty.  A sprinkle of the orange slice and a ladle of the sugar syrup made these extra tasty. As per our server's suggestion, I ordered the Panang Curry with lightly breaded grouper; served in a pink, coconut milk-based sauce at the heat level of 2.  You can choose heat level from 1 to 5.  it was a pleasant heat that made my mouth and lips feel on fire.  I liked it. Grouper was served on a sparse bed of cabbage or bok choy and few fresh green beans.  Our very friendly server shaped the accompanying rice into a heart. A basic salad with to-die-for homemade creamy lemon dressing came with the meal. I wanted to lick the bowl. Hub ordered the stir fried eggplant with chicken and vegetables which was delicious, but I wouldn't order it again. I would like to go back and try everything.  I usually have some stomach upset after dining out, but felt fine after this meal. A great experience for freshly made everything -- unusual in and of itself. Generous portions and very reasonably priced. My goal is to see how much heat I can take. Level 3 -- you are on! Catering available.
As a constant devour-er of Thai food, Krua Thai is definitely one of the better restaurants out there. The quality of the food is always constantly high and the portions are very sizable. I've been going to this restaurant since they first opened and it has gotten a little bit pricier over time. My recommendation is the green curry, Which delivers a nice mixture of heat and sweetness from the basil. I'm also a fan of the titanic noodle, which has a beef slices and beef balls in a beef broth and is super tasty. Also, a huge plus: they offer brown rice as an alternative with no extra charge. I haven't had the pad Thai in a while, so maybe they improved it, but last I tried it, I've had much better and it's not one of their strongest dishes. Also, if you can avoid it: don't order for pick up; you get much more food if you dine-in (I.e. More curry, you get more rice, etc.)
Yea, this place blew my mind.  The soft shell crab was spot on and I had a crispy duck that left me salavating.  So glad I was able to try this place, especially because everything else in the area is pretty lame.
Another perfect meal.  I had the shrimp/scallop eggplant lunch special.  It was great as always.  My hub went with the fish and veggies with red curry sauce on the side.  The lemon dressing on the salads will make you want to lick the plate clean.  Best Thai food in Stuart.
This is hands down the BEST Oriental food in Stuart. If you are in a hurry and want sub par food (pei wei, panda, changs) then pass on this place. If you want fresh made cooked to order delicious food, you found it!! The duck here is mind blowing good. You cannoy go wrong with any of the 3 duck dishes they serve here.   To be honest, we have not had a bad meal here yet. This is my 7th visit. I almost hesitate to submit this review because this place is out little secret where there is never a line. We laugh as we pass the other sub par places with lines and walk right into here.
I had to add this place myself because my explanation of what and how to use online review sites was lost in translation with the Thai girl at the restaurant. And I want this place to be there forever. I lived in Thailand for six month, and I absolutely love Thai food. Sadly, I have not had a decent Thai meal since moving to South Florida. Sure, there are some Thai places in town, but they serve very Americanized Thai food. Those other place skimp on real Thai ingredients (peppers, basil, etc.), and you can tell in the food. And don't even get me started on those Thai/Sushi places... Eating at Krua Thai is like eating in Thailand! The food is incredible and wholly authentic. A sampling of things I have had thus far: larb, green curry, spicy eggplant... all made me want to slap someone they were so good. I would eat there every day if I could. I do not own this place, nor do I know anyone who works there. My motivation for writing this is purely selfish: I never want this place to close because they serve the most authentic Thai food I have had since moving back from Thailand (there is one place in Chicago that is also this good, but that's too far for takeout). Go there. Eat real Thai food. Be happy!
My husband and I chose to drive up here for a special occasion, based on the rave reviews here, and had such a wonderful experience! The restaurant is tranquil and pleasant inside, and everything we tried was wonderful. Started with shrimp dumplings, then for our entree he had panang curry with chicken and I chose the spicy drunken noodle with beef and chicken. The spices used were complex and made everything so enjoyable and delicious. Ordered both dishes a #3 in spiciness, and it was just right for us. How I wish we had a really good Thai restaurant in central Palm Beach County like this! It made me remember how much I love good Thai food. Would absolutely go again anytime we can be in this area.
I think all of the 5 star reviews on here set me up to be underwhelmed... Don't get me wrong, the food was good but I expected more. I ordered the Spicy Drunken Noodles with Shrimp at level 3 for heat. The shrimp was very fresh but some of the vegetables were a little undercooked. I like crispy but not raw. The noodles were really oily but flavorful. My boyfriend ordered the Titanic Noodle Soup, similar to a Pho. It was good but nothing extraordinary. The service was nice, the owner came over a few times to make sure everything was okay. A good experience & we will be back. Maybe next time I will have something that will increase the star rating.
Friendly homelike service, delish and authentic! Nice atmosphere with traditional Thai details that you can't take your eyes off of. Gorgeous! Just like in the heart of Thailand years ago... Thank you guys for bringing the wonderful memories back! Can't wait to go again.
What a pleasant surprise to find this place in Stuart in a small strip mall.  Stopped in for takeout, and the owner suggested the house special Choo Chee Fish which was delicious, deep in flavor, fish light and airy with an amazing sauce and fresh veggies.  While the Thai soup was mediocre, everything else was amazing.  I can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu!!
Excellent. My favorite Thai restaurant. Curry fried rice with chicken was very tasty.
You CAN NOT miss this place!! I'm serious if you try their food you would be happy and satisfied!. My husband and I eat here VERY often. Why? because the food is TERRIFIC! Every time we go there we have an amazing experience. We  looooove the "crispy dunk panang curry"                                "soft shell crab with chilly sauce" that is to die for                                "the shirmp fried rice with green sauce"                                " Beef noodle soup"                                ask for the specials! Everything is delicious, you can't go wrong if you go to Krua Thai.
Food was delicious!!!! The server was very nice and adorable! Some authentic dishes as well. I'd come back again for sure
Went to Krua Thai this evening based on reviews I read.  My husband and I are new to the area and were looking for great Thai food.  Krua Thai did NOT disappoint.  They had a nice crowd for a Saturday evening dinner service, but we were seated immediately.  The menu has great selections.  This was, by far, the best soup I ever had.  In addition, the selections we both had for entrees were outstanding.  Service was prompt and efficient and prices are more than fair.  We will defiitely be back and i will be trying them for lunch also.  Reviews were spot on.  This is my new favorite place.  My only wish is that I had left room for the sticky rice.  There's always next time!!
Here's the thing.  If you want excellent, fresh Thai food, you can't do better than this place.  Everything is made to order, and the chef actually cares that you enjoy his food.  The wait may be long since the restaurant is small and there's only one waiter, but once you taste the awesome food you'll realize the wait is well worth it.   Highly recommended!
BEST Thai food on the Treasure Coast!  Chef Ben and the wait staff were so courteous and committed to making our experience surpass expectations. I had the pad see ew, which was so delicious and flavorful.  The person I was with had the spicy cashew nut, which he loved.  It was my birthday, so without hesitation Chef Ben brought out little dessert shots that were surprisingly amazing!  Only surprising because I would not expect to have great cheesecake and chocolate cake bites at an authentic Thai restaurant -- but it happened.  Can't wait to go again! Will definitely take visitors here for amazing Thai food and Stuart hospitality!
You can't go wrong here with any dish. I travel to Stuart for work and I always make sure I stop by for lunch. So much so, the staff knows my usual and where I always sit. There are plenty of options in the area but this is hands down, the best Thai you're going to find in Stuart. I wish they didn't close between lunch and dinner!
YUM! Coming from Chicago, I've been to several Thai places,  and this place beats them all. Perhaps the best Thai chefs don't  like the cold?  What a wonderful surprise in Stuart to find this quaint restaurant. We had the duck pad Thai,  chicken drunken noodles, and shrimp pad Thai, all were  excellent!. The service was fast and courteous, a Winner!
Finally a good Thai, fresh and flavorful.  A new favorite.
The food was FANTASTIC! I had Panang Curry and it was VERY Yummy! The waiter gave great customer service. We will definitely go back there again.
We have spent 5 wks in Thailand and needless to say have run into some very watered down food at Thai restaurants in Stuart. When chef Ben came to Krua Thai we found the right ingredients being added to the dishes like galangal and kaffir lime leaf and and have been wowed by a few dishes like Spicy Basil Shrimp that are  just like Thailand. It is a more casual option with nice prices so I can visit here more often than some other restaurant choices in the area while eating the freshest healthiest food. Like most places in Stuart it is tucked away so find yourself there soon too, so we can keep this restaurant serving us some very authentic eats! Be prepared for a relaxed enjoyable pace, or if you're in a hurry just grab it to go! Ben is eager to please and get dishes just as you like.
Amazing authentic Thai food. Best I've ever freaking had. The Wong ton soup is to die for b
Wonderful food and delightful service!
new item form krua lobster pad thai noodle so yummm and very tasty must try  cause not have everyday depend on how they get freash and crispy duck with orange sauces  if you boring with swEt and sour sauces , do not miss   thanks
Very good service and food. In a strange spot, but the inside is very nice and quiet. Definitely recommend stopping in.
Best Thai restaurant I've eaten in, and I've eaten in some of the finest. Duck curry and canton noodles excellent; best pad tai. peaceful atmosphere, responsive service. Fresh fresh food.
right now have out door seat and new special menu for summer season let to tries new custom make for customers
