Halfway through a day-long road trip, we decided to jump on Yelp to find out what Port St. Lucie had to offer for lunch. We saw the listing for Spice Thai Sushi, noted the great reviews and its convenience to I-95. Within minutes, we were warmly greeted and offered a seat. The server was very friendly and attentive. While the restaurant was busy for lunch, the service was prompt and on point. Beverages, including a very tasty Thai iced tea, were served and our order was taken. We started with the crab Rangoon and Thai spring rolls. Both came out together and were hot and crispy. The sauces were great for dipping and both appetizers were delicious. We then got the Komango roll that was spectacular! Including tempura shrimp, avocado and fresh mango, the roll was topped with a tasty sauce. Yummy! We also had the Thai spicy noodle dish that was served hot (temperature and spice!) and was made with very fresh vegetables. Very good. To finish off the lunch we had to try TWO desserts! The fried ice cream was enough for two so we shared. We also shared the red bean and green tea moji ice cream dessert. Very refreshing on a hot summer day. Wanted to have the Thai donuts but just couldn't eat another bite! As noted, the restaurant was very clean and nicely decorated. The service was outstanding! The food was the best I've had in a long time and I eat Thai food often. Dine here. I'm sure you won't regret it!
Stopped by for a quick lunch and found the food was tasty and the place clean and the service was efficient. The food was above average in flavor and below average in quantity ... after all I am still a growing boy (waist-wise!) If in the area we may come back!
The sushi had loose rice and was not rolled well. Many of their rolls contains cream cheese. They also have that ubiquitous "white fish". Their Panang curry was pretty good. Their Pad see ew was alright but not great.
If I am in Saint Lucie West( 45 of West Palm Beach). I must come over to Spice Thai. Their sushi is WOW, WITH A HELPING OF SUPER! Mmm,(When Harry Met Sally. Movie. With Meg Ryan, and Billy Crystal) Famous line in the movie "I'll have what she's having"! If you've never seen this movie. You need to get a bottle wine and some good food, rent the movie. And you'll know what I'm talking about. Their sushi is always fresh. I opt for the Cooked Versions. I am not allowed to have raw seafood. Oh well... Once in a while I Cheat. And, I have the So she made with salmon. Their service is prompt, courteous. Very attentive! It's very difficult for me to come to PSLW. And not visit Spice Thai. Of course you may have noticed...My favorite is THE VOLCANO What Can I Say? That is pretty much like me. So here I go going to have some fun. And the service is, like Rachel Ray says. On the money! KEEP ON YELPING! Pls, SHOW US A PIC OR TWO W/CHECK INS :-) A Pic is WORTH... Well, U know The Rest:-)
Great sushi, and amazing Red Curry!! Def stop by for a try.. you wont be dissapointed.. We love the food and the staff is always friendly!!
I really hate telling people about this place because it's truly a gem. It's a very casual restaurant but everything about it is excellent. The food is so fresh and delicious! The sushi and Sashimi is so fresh. The Thai food is truly authentic. Also, the service is great. The waitress I had she was extremely attentive and sweeter than anything. I truly recommend this to ANYONE!!!!
Have been to this restaurant many times over the past few years and will keep going back.  Has all the key ingredients for a great restaurant: excellent service, great ambience, and fresh / great tasting food.
I was in town to drop off some family and was craving sushi afterwards. Craving it badly. I went to two sushi restaurants, both of which were closed at 2 in the afternoon. I called two more, which were also closed. I FINALLY called this location, Spice Thai, and they were open! A miracle! I ordered a rainbow roll, and from the 'happy hour' menu a spicy tuna roll and vegetable tempura. I also added a bowl of tom kha gai. The soup came first, and it was amazing! The serving was much larger than I expected and the flavor was out of this world. It was easily some of the best tom kha soup I've ever tasted. The tenpura plate was next. It too was much larger than expected, especially coming from the $5 'happy hour' menu! It was nothing extraordinary but certainly well-made; asparagus was a surprising thing to find, though. Finally the sushi arrived. It was... eh. The fish atop the rainbow roll was a little thin, but I've definitely had worse; it was acceptable. The spicy tuna was simply a tuna roll drizzled with a spicy sauce... that I'm pretty certain was chipotle flavored Tabasco. However, the real problem was the rice. It was bland, as if barely any vinegar had been used. It didn't taste bad, it just didn't taste like sushi. I think it's clear that this restaurant's forte is their Thai food, and should I be in the area again, I think I'll explore that side of the menu more.
Thank you yelp for taking us here. We were in the area and wanted sushi. The reviews were all good. The sushi came out quick. We ordered rainbow dragon roll, sweetheart roll, and beauty and the beast. The rolls were difficult to tell which was which. They all tasted the same. The service was excellent but the taste was lacking. The decor was ok too. I did notice the dust on the ceiling fans.   :(
Atmosphere is, eh. Large selection of Thai and Japanese. We ordered to start the California, Boston, and Spicy Tuna Rolls. Served on the boat, they were fresh. Staff was accommodating when asked for more of one thing or another. The menu was explained in detail to us. I had the Red Curry with chicken. It was more of a soup and at level 4 it had pretty good heat. My son had the chicken stir fry, my wife and sister had something I just can't remember. Ice tea was tasty. Dinner for four with appetizers and drinks(coke, ice tea, and Sske) with tip $93. I suggest sharing portions. They are decent size. Most importantly the place is clean. Just needs to get more of a Thai feel and lower softer lighting.
We had a late dinner here on Easter. The staff was so welcoming and polite! We had sushi (yum-so fresh!) and chicken pad Thai. The pad Thai was a little sweeter than what we are used to, but still good! I would recommend anyone to stop by.
The atmosphere was cozy and fun.  The food was awesome!!  Tom kha soup was the best.  When you ask for spicy medium, it is!!  Wow, good stuff.  We chose Panang curry and gobbled it all up.
We stopped for dinner on the way down to Pompano Beach from Chicago. We are fortunate to have many fine sushi/Thai restaurants. I easily rate Spice adobe of the best. The fish and seafood soups were amazingly fresh. The fried rice was perfect. They asked "How hot (spicy) from 1-5 and it was perfect. We enjoyed it so much we made sure to stop on our return trip home.
I highly recommend Spice Thai!  They are located in the Peacock Plaza (the plaza is in front of Gold's Gym and next to Ruby Tuesday's on Peacock Blvd.)  They are open Mon-Fri for lunch and everyday for dinner. This is my favorite restaurant to go out to lunch in St. Lucie West.  The decor is sleek and relaxing.  The staff is always smiling, friendly and professional.  Best of all, they are FAST!  I only get an hour for lunch and the only place I know for sure I will have plenty of time to eat (and often time to spare!) is at Spice Thai. I almost always get one of their sauteed lunch entries with mixed vegetables.  It's light, tasty and still filling.  Their sauteed lunch specials come with a spring roll (very good!) and a cup of soup.  I have to admit that I'm not a huge fan of their tofu pad thai (I like my tofu super hard - no hint of mushiness!), but their chicken pad thai is a great alternative.  My friend is a devoted fan of their fried rice too.
Great rolls--very fresh. Also had the seafood soba noddles--delicious. Second day of one week stay and we will be back at least once before we leave.
Ate here last weekend.  Crab Rangoon and spring rolls were great.  Hubby had the whole fried red snapper which he raved about for the rest of the week.  I had the pad Thai and would have liked more peanutty flavor.  Will definitely be back
We just finished here  and couldn't have been more pleased.  Extensive menu, attentive staff and reasonable prices.  The chicken satay appetizer was perfectly cooked and came with two nice dipping sauces.  I ordered a sautéed calamari dish while my wife chose a sushi roll.  We will be going back and very soon!
This had the best sushi I have ever had and I have had a lot.  The soup was spicier than I thought it would be, but having said that I ate every last drop.  I can't wait to go again.  It was a bit pricey, but worth it!
Very nice restaurant ambience. They put a lot of work into making this place look good. The food tastes great and the staff is very helpful. Can get busy during the early-bird hour due to all the older people that live around St. Lucie West. They have great take out, also. Prices are average, Food is very good.
Outstanding service and food. We had five different dishes and each was superb. Red curry was incredible!
Wow everything was so good...fresh spring rolls and crab Rangoon off the chart
I have been here a few times with my family and I think it deserves every star. Great authentic thai food, excellent ambiance, and friendly service in a quiet atmosphere. (I think the last point has more to do with being in PSL rather than a larger city). If you put this restaurant in Washington, DC, I bet that it would be busy every night. I recommend any of their duck dishes (I like the flambe), because it's tasted perfect each time that I've had it. I also recommend any of the curries (I like the massaman - just tried it with tofu and it was still great). My grandmother ate Thai food for the first time tonight and she liked the curry so much that shejoked about licking the rest of the coconut sauce off of the bol. Their Pad Thai isn't the best that I've ever had, but it's certainly above average. Since PSL is a quiet town, the staff does remember you and it makes for great conversation when you're here. Oh! And, the price is much cheaper than you'd find in Miami/DC but the food is just is as good/better than the better restaurants there.
It was okay. I had the Thai tea, which was very good! I also had the fried calamari, Tom kha soup, and chicken pad Thai. It was pretty good, but not really the best I've ever had. The breading on the calamari was a little thick and the the squid was too chewy. The soup was good and the pad Thai was good, but nothing too special. I would go back.
First visit went well. Sushi came out nice. My drunken noodles where very tasty. Our server was very available and nice
The ambiance was great but the service was a little slow. I had the Pad Thai and Thai tea. The Thai tea was great but the Pad Thai was quite bland. Maybe I'll try it for lunch.
This is the best place to eat in Port Saint Lucie and its surrounding area!  Patty (one of the owners and usually the person who answers the phone) is the sweetest!  She appreciates her customers and often rewards repeat customers with snacks like Thai donuts!  I highly recommmend the veggie fried rice (the best I've had and I grew up in NY!).  The portions are very generous - often enough for two meals!  And they deliver - including to the PGA village where many places won't deliver to!
I'm not really into trashing a restaurant on yelp. Instead, I usually just won't go again. Well let's start off with the fact that they have Christmas lights in the front in February. Appealing to say the least. So we came In, half decent looking. Open kitchen, we were sat. Then about 15 mins till we were greeted by a waiter. Working in a restaurant, I let a lot of stuff just slide. But they had 4 waiters for like 8 tables so the lack of service unknown. Anyway to the food, my date wanted lad na, waitress stated we have it but it will take too long to make? Why have it on the menu?. Whatever after that I knew it was going to go downhill. Our green tea was served in a can? Then we ordered the Kanisu with no avocado.  Of course it came with it.  Ordered tuna yukke* out came and dried up minced tuna patte with a little bit of temp flakes. Very unappetizing, finished my hot sake and asked for my check.  Unfortunately this place only had one shot with me. Def will not be back.
Great ambiance, great flavors but not very good execution. I got some basil lunch special thing and the flavors were really good but the protein (pork) was overly cooked and just chewy.  It could have been flavored rubber for all I knew.  Would I give this place another chance?  Most definitely.  The flavors were there and I would hope it was just an off day but I will say I wouldn't get the pork again.  Price was great too, but the serving size was a little small but I'm assuming that's because of the lunch portion.   If you're looking for a clean place with a good flow and decent food, then look no further. This spot is a little far from me so I don't know when the next time will be but I will be back to rewrite this review!
I really liked dinning here. Great ambiance, great food and the price is really good. My food took less then 10 minutes to serve and the entire staff was very friendly.  I'll be back in few months and will make another stop here. If you are in this area, be sure to check them out. Happy hour can be a bit busy and slow but the food is worth the wait. They also offer large portion take out as well.
I really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately, not only was the food tasteless but I have had a stomach ache ever since. They do seem to try hard, but clearly miss the mark.
Very relaxing atmosphere with nice servers and yummy food. Thai tea and red curry are my favorite!!!! Also you can choose your spice level an any dish. I went for level 4!!!!!!
Awesome Thai food!  I had the Pad Thai and it was one of the best that I've had!  It's hard to find good unique restaurants in the Port St. Lucie area, but I'm happy that I've now found one of my new favorite places to dine.  Yes, the service isn't as quick as some of the chain restaurants in the area, but I don't like to be bothered throughout my entire meal and like to take my time looking over the menu.  If you're looking to try something different, I highly recommend Spice Thai!
Excellent place to eat.
Got take out tonight, green curry w/shrimp, pad thai & chicken cashew.  Excellent flavors and just the right amount of heat.  Coming from NJ, we're spoiled by lots of very good Thai places.  Honestly, my green curry was better than the excellent food I'm used to, and my boys say they like it better than their usual too.  Would most def come here again, highly recommend it.  Got take out so can't comment on service, but can say the ambiance is that of a storefront startup - don't let it scare you off, whoever's in the kitchen knows what they're doing!
Varied menu with 5 levels of spice. Plenty of gluten and dairy free options - with knowledgable staff. Easy takeout - always room to park. Very clean and nicely decorated restaurant. Staff is friendly and helpful.
GOOD... but not GREAT. My go-to dish at Thai restaurants is chicken pad thai... and the first time I got it from here, I was very much unimpressed. Smelled like the Humane Society. I know, weird, but it's true. I never would have given the place a second glance, but we did a huge event and used local businesses for catering and Spice Thai provided some pad se ew... and it was pretty good! It's nice to have an option for delivery food that isn't pizza. Overall, a positive, but still not the best Thai you can get in the area.
one of my favorite foods is Thai.   I have visited a lot of them all over the country ... this one happened to be close to where we live during the winter in Florida.   we had one of the peanut based dinners with a spicey level of 4.   the wine came out but there was lipstick on the glass.   they poured the wine into a clean glass, asked for forgiveness and then proceeded to charge for the wine.   not a good way to start a dinner.   the rest of the meal was average to below average.   nothing stood out as being really good.   our waitress was wonderful however.   I will try other Thai places before going back here again.
Great food with a diverse menu. Fastest and most reliable delivery in the area.
The atmosphere is nice.  You get a spring roll and a little cup of soup with your meal when you order in.  I get their beef pad thai.  It's off the hook good.  A 3 on the spice is about all I can handle.  I tried the 5 once and it was so hot it sort of overpowered the food.  The portions are a good size as well.  Overall a really nice thai place.
I really love coming to Spice Thai.  Their staff is very attentive and the food always delicious.
This is a very good Thai restaurant. I ordered the Pad Thai and it was very tasty. It was a little more juicy than I liked but it had a very good flavor. If you like it hot, you have to tell them seven stars on a scale of one to five stars to get it very hot.  They do not put fresh raw bamboo shoots on top of the plate as some Thai restaurants do. You must ask for that.  The Tom Kha Gai soup was excellent, just the right balance between the coconut, chicken and hot spices.  Perhaps they could add a bit more mushrooms and definetly take out a lot of the onions.
This is equal to the best Thai I have eaten.  The best I have ever had is in Eugene, OR, at Ring of Fire.  I am a big mussaman fan, and this was wonderful.  The server asked what level of spice I wanted and I said 4 since another reviewer said they were not very spicy.  The server cautioned me that 4 was pretty spicy and that maybe I should try a 3 and they would spice it up if I wanted.  I am so glad I took her advice!  It was spicy!  Perfect really.  My husband ordered Pad Thai and he said it was the best he had ever had before.  He ordered a  level 4 and had trouble eating it all because it was so spicy!  The flavor was terrific though. Some Pad Thai is overly greasy or heavy on the fish sauce, but this was perfectly balanced. Food took at least 12 mins or so to arrrive, but that was fine with me as it is all made fresh.  Staff was warm and helpful, decor nice and clean. We will return without a doubt.  The restaurant is a bit hidden in a small strip in front of Gold 's Gym, down a few doors from a Mexican restaurant that is very easy to see from the road. Very worth locating, and they are open late on weekends.
I really love coming to Spice Thai.  Their staff is very attentive and the food always delicious.
Great food but LOUSY service. I refuse to go back
We ordered 3 noodle based entrees and an eggroll that cost $45.00. Way overpriced!  As far as the food, just ok. I ha e had much better with much better pricing. Thanks but no thanks, I won't be back
We happened to spot this place on our way out of the theater and decided to stop by since I had been craving thai food.  And what a pleasant surprise!  The decor of the place is the best I have seen in a thai restaurant.  Very classy and elegant and not overdone.  The staff were very friendly (even when we came with a 1 yr old and 3 yr old who made a mess everywhere).  They even gave my 3 yr old jelly treats at the end for free.  And of course, the most important thing: the food was excellent!  We ordered fried tofu, the house fried rice, and tom ka gai soup.  It was all really excellent and I eat a lot of thai food.  I highly recommend this place!
Head down for Spring Training the past three years and I'm always looking for a good place to eat. Found Spice Thai right on Peacock and decided to give it a try. The pad tai was made to order # 5 being the hottest. It was extremely tasty and hot like I ordered. The staff is friendly and acommodating. A nice family oriented neighborhood joint. Seems like everyone knows everyone when I went. I felt the same way after my 2nd visit.  The food was first rate Thai and the owners Patty & Paul make everyone feel at home. Great food + great place to bring the family or do business.- see you next Spring ~ Mafia Steve
Wife and I had dinner. Food was brought to the table as soon as it was finished and piping hot. We each had different wide noodle dishes.  The sauces were excellent and noodles cooked perfectly. Spring roll appetizer was just okay, but that's pretty much the characteristics of spring rolls anyway. Decor lacks somewhat. Service was good and very friendly.
