Very authentic and delicious!!! Got soft shell and blue crabs amazing! But by far the best was the crab bisque soup and oyster shooters! Worth a trip to the awesome hole in the wall real seafood joint. Great service fyi. Left a credit card and the waiter brought it out! So kind.
1st time here. Have past this place a gazillion times and never realized it existed because it's sandwiched in between a gun and a propane store. Although the location is less than desirable, the food was Really excellent..   Had the conch soup for starters and the captain's platter which consisted of salmon, jumbo shrimp and scallops prepared your choice, fried, grilled, pan sauteed, jerked. I chose to get all blackened. The sides were tasty too. Tomato and cucumber salad was awesome. Brittany was our server and she was so freaking nice and helpful. They have  live entertainment on the weekends. I will be back... probably next week :)
This was our first time at Gettin Crabby and we LOVED it!  Our server Brittney was out of this world. (Ask for her)  She gave us great suggestions and recommendations.  We never waited for drinks and she was very friendly.   The Bacon wrapped scallop burger was phenomenal and the fresh Blue Crab was to die for.  Don't let the looks of the place fool you.  The service and the food are the only 2 things that matter.  The price too.  We got a lot of food for what we paid and we will be back again.
This is one of the BEST seafood restaurants that I have even been to in my entire life. Their soft shell crab was the meatiest that I have ever seen. Tasted so fresh and succulent. Addicting. I'm a crab fanatic and ordered my dungeness crab. The meat just slid off the shell perfectly. Had a couple of sides...cilantro rice and the cucumber salad. Both were ok but I have never had crab so perfectly done before this place. My hubby had the bacon-wrapped scallops and he reported satisfaction. There was no room for dessert after the entrees. The lady that attended to us is one of the restaurant's owners and service was excellent. These people know exactly what they're doing. We would come back here anytime I'm in Stuart!
This down to earth crab shack bar is a culinary gem! The food is fresh, the crowd Is friendly and I have never had a bad meal. I highly recommend the crab cakes, hog fish, bacon wrapped scallops and calamari !
First trip to Gettin' Crabby and we would definitely return. I read reviews so knew what to expect in terms of ambiance - there's not much. However it really doesn't matter because it's a fun little local place with very good food. Our group had the Crabby Platter with snow crab and Alaskan king crab legs (they were out of dungeness) and it was very good - nice size portion and tasty crab. We also had blackened shrimp and mahi which was excellent but might be too hot for some. The crab cake was also excellent - all crab and little breading. Scallops wrapped in bacon were well seasoned and cooked as were the conch fritters. Only negative is they were out of hogfish which we wanted to order. Maybe next time... We've had a home in the area for years and had never heard of it until searching for a new restaurant idea on yelp. This was a nice find for us. We'll be back for sure.
Had a wonderful dinner with the family on a complete whim. Our server was very friendly and made us feel at home. Small and quaint to say the least but the favor here was BIG! The Fresh Catch was Hog (Snapper) Fish which I had sautéed as suggested. The crab options were plentiful and abundant, but most importantly fresh. The family had the Crab Platter for 2. We had an appetizer a few beers to begin and two desserts as our finale and found the check to be reasonable. Would certainly recommend to locals and travelers alike. Plan ahead with any group larger than 4 or makes a reservation.
Wow, what a great find.  Thank you Yelp!  Conch fritters appetizer, crab cake appetizer, good selection of cold draft beers, live music suitable for easy listening, friendly fellow customers who gave us food recommendations, Megan the bartender/waitress was sparkling and attentive, entrée was hogfish (not hog snapper as there is no such thing, I was told) with sides of plantains and cucumber/tomatoe salad.  Tiny little place with a very plain exterior but cute inside.  We're coming back!
Can I give it 10 stars? Because I would. Amazing fresh seafood in a quaint little hidden location. Crab is my favorite so I order it every chance I get. This was the best! Not only was the food amazing, but the service was wonderful as well. Little did I know that our server was one of the owners - talk about taking pride in your business. Megan was sweet as could be and could tell you every and anything about what's on their menu. I'll be back for sure!
Hail to the off the beaten path divey bar and restaurant!  Luckily, I was visiting with a local and she took us to this buried treasurer called Gettin Crabby! You're not going to find white tablecloths here or candlelight ambiance.  What you will find is paper table cloths so you can pound your crab out of their shells and throw the pieces into a shared bucket in the middle of the table!  You can choose the style of crab - we picked Maryland - and we were all given the tools we needed to devour some excellently prepared crab. And that was just the appetizer.  I believe each crab is $5.00 and it is well spent to get you started.  My main dish was scallops with a side of sweet delicious plantain - YUM.  They have a captain's feast option which my friends all chose and were very happy.  It came with shrimp and fish and another seafood option. Seriously, you can't get more Florida than Gettin Crabby.  This is a treasure for locals and a real win for a tourist that can find it!   Great service and great food.  Oh, and great beer options! Parking is valet and it looks to me like it can get busy fast.  We had a reservation and I would recommend doing the same if you want to eat here on a weekend evening.
If It was possible to give more than 5 stars, I would. Wow! Hands down the best seafood meal ever. Crab bisque is a must have. I got the yellowtail snapper special grilled....absolutely perfect. Hubby got the Captain's platter sautéed in white wine and garlic....There are not words....fresh, perfectly prepared and delicious do not do it justice. The son got snow crab legs....yummy. The sides were unique and yummy. The tomato and cucumber salad was a perfect pairing to the meal. The cilantro rice was very tasty.   The waitress was great and made you feel at home. The place is small. We had to sit at one of the bar counters...it didn't matter. I would have sat on the floor for this meal. If you are ever in the Stuart area you have to try this.
Bartender was rude, claimed to be owner. Overpriced and very average entrees. Not a 4.5 star, that's for sure.
LOVE  this place! It is so relaxing and chill but still has a fun low key beach atmosphere. All of the food was amazing and the staff is very welcoming, knowledgeable and helpful. I met a friend half way between us at this place and I will be making the hour and a half drive again to dine here. Don't get distracted by the big tourist traps around it because this is way better.
You may or may not like the atmosphere, but this is the kind of place where it is almost impossible to find anything other than great food. I have never liked any bisque of any flavor, but the crab bisque was great.  So was everything else. My wife is a scallop expert.  These were as good or better than the best in New England.
This place is AWESOME!  If you're in the Stuart, FL area, you have to stop in.  There are very few tables, so if you don't come really early, you'll need reservations.   Our favorite dishes were the fish dip, crab bisque soup, crab cakes, and fried soft shell crab.  They have lots of sides to choose from and we had the tomato cucumber salad and it was to die for! We will definitely be adding this place to our list of favorites - a must try!!
By far the best Maryland blue crabs I've ever had. And I've had my share of MBC. My girlfriend and I shared a dozen and could barely move after. You definitely will not see any mini size crabs here! High reccommend. Will definitely be back to try to New Jersey style crabs!
As advertised,  great food in a dive setting.   Personalized family service by owners on a busy night but amazing food. Blackened halibut fried shrimp and crab cake with plantains, island rice. Yum.
Came to Gettin' Crabby based on Yelp Users' reviews. Great job Yelpers! Both of us had the Captain's Platter. (One fried, one pan sauteed) Very good on both accounts. Scallops are sea scallops and not the little bay scallops. They did not overcook them. Yummy! Wait staff is very friendly and attentive. Very casual atmosphere and a small establishment, and worth the visit. Do not get deterred by the front appearance, as it looks like their is no where to park. Just drive around to the back and the valet will take care of you. There is another entrance in the back. Even bought the T-shirt!
If I could give 10 stars, I would. This place is AMAZING. It's a small, rather dinky place, but the food is definitely of the highest quality. My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place for lunch while driving to Orlando, and still talk about it today. We started with the bacon-wrapped scallops and crab bisque. The crab bisque was delicious, lots of crab chunks and flavor. But let's talk about the scallops for a moment. If you try anything at this place, try the scallops. At first sight, it seems like the typical huge scallop wrapped in a crispy piece of bacon, but this may have been the most heavenly piece of food I have ever put in my mouth. And this is coming from a foodie who travels the world to eat. The scallop was perfectly seared so that there was a delicate crunch followed by a smooth and silky, perfectly cooked inside. And wrapped around this gorgeous scallop was a perfectly cooked bacon. Have you ever had a piece of bacon that was perfectly crispy, where the fatty piece just melts in your mouth? Now picture that somehow wrapped around the most beautifully cooked scallop. It's better than sex (almost).   But moving on, we also had the dungeness crab legs that was simply steamed with some melted butter. The crab was sweet and not over-steamed, so they pulled out of their shells very nicely. It was served with a cucumber and tomato salad (yummy) and a cilantro rice (delish!). We meant to stop there, but we couldn't just leave this restaurant without trying some other yelp suggestions. So we ordered the crab cakes and fried oysters. The fried oysters were very good, but the crab cakes were just standard. We may over a thousand of miles away, but I would fly/drive/walk back to this restaurant to eat here again.
Just had the blackened tile fish special. It was cooked perfectly, tender and juicy. Topped with lump crab meat and a butter sauce. I chose the cucumber and tomato salad sans dressing and the cilantro rice as my sides.  The rice has bits of sautéed red and yellow bell pepper. Yum! I'm becoming a regular here. The food is divine and reasonably priced. The only thing I would do to enhance the experience would be to add good acoustics so the people across the room wouldn't be so loud. Their loud banter and laughter was more than we could take and almost ruined our meal.
Wasn't too sure what to expect based on its location. Its sandwiched between a Guns and Ammo store,  and a Propane service store. Located under an apartment, in the most unlikely places to find a gem such as this. We started with the fried oysters and cracked conch and bacon wrapped scallops. We KNEW from our appetizers that we found something special. Our server was Lara, the sweetest young lady you will ever meet. She was energetic, friendly and had lots of suggestions for our party of four to try. She strongly suggested the cracked conch and promised us it wouldn't be disappointing. It was melt in your mouth, sweet and tender, like no other conch we've ever experienced before. The oysters were melt in your mouth delicious, tender and flash fried. It was as sweet as an oyster on a half shell, but flash fried. We ordered two CRABBY PLATTER FOR TWO which had a combination of three different, delectable, types of crabs. The next one better than the last!!! We also added three large blue claw crabs to the order. ALL, perfectly prepared and the portions were MORE than generous!! Even the sides were fantastic!!! To my surprise, and Lara's, we ordered a THIRD!!! It was ALL that GOOD! Lara suggested a light desert of Coconut Rum Cake, it was the PERFECT choice! To our surprise, and utter amazement, we discovered that it was Lara's FIRST NIGHT! It was such a special evening for my family and made even more so due to the fantastic service we received. We've eaten at some of the best Seafood restaurants all up and down the east coast and this place put the BEST crab houses in Maryland to shame! Gettin Crabby makes them pale in comparison. All this and located in Martin County too! We've been looking for a LONG time for a place like this. Don't let the looks deceive you. These folks KNOW what they are doing, and I'd predict they will out grow their location in a very short time. Honestly, don't miss this place! Go early, it fills up fast and there are very few tables! What ever you do, DO NOT PASS THIS PLACE UP!
Awesome find!!!  All fried foods are lightly dusted - so the dish isn't overpowered by batter.  Crack Conch and Conch Fritters are my favorite dishes.  The conch fritters are absolutely amazing - the conch, bread and spice blend is off the charts - a mild spicy kick that doesn't overpower the bold flavor.  Also loved the whole (head on) yellow tail snapper - i got it fried and it comes with a chili lime sauce on the plate.  Definitely opt for the cucumber salad and cilantro lime rice sides - you won't be disappointed. To top it off - the atmosphere is "at home in Key West among family and friends".
Located just off A1A, we are trying this establishment for the first time. Since it was Sunday, the place is empty. The service was excellent as were  both of our meals. My husband had a Soft Shell Crab BLT and myself a Fried Oyster Platter.
Order the blue crabs with old bay.  Ask for extra old bay and put it on your fries.  Good stuff!
After reading the stellar yelp reviews we were really excited to try this place while visiting Stuart, Fl, but after our meal we were really disappointed.  The restaurant was definitely a dive in every aspect, including the food, which was below average and overpriced.  The crab bisque was ok, but the rest of the food was definitely not great, nothing special.  There were flies buzzing around our table the whole time, and I would guess that cleanliness was pretty far down their priority list.  I cannot believe so many people would have rated this so highly.
We go to a lot of seafood places in Florida (being from Orlando) and this one will have us making a day trip just to eat here. They were out of the Maryland and Jersey whole crabs which is what my girlfriend really wanted (it's Sunday and they get their shipments in Tuesday) but the crab legs were great and Captain's platter with Hogfish special, scallops and local shrimp was perfectly seasoned and cooked. The sides of rice and cucumber/tomato salad easily over delivered on flavor. Some of the best cracked conch and fried oysters ever. Fantastic beer selection for such an intimate joint. And they make their own hot sauces?! We bought a bottle of the red savina for 5 bucks which could ruin your night if you're not careful. We take day trips all over the state and live for places like this. Tips: It's complimentary valet parking in their small lot. mostly bar seating w smallish dining room. Get the fried oysters. Try all five of their hot sauces. Go on Wednesday.
DON"T let appearances fool you.  Getting Crabby is not much to look at from the street.  It is a small restaurant that fills up quickly especially when they have live music. This is one of my favorite restaurants when we visit the Stuart area.  The crab bisque is simply amazing!  They often get red peel and eat shrimp as an appetizer and they are scrumptious.  I have always ordered one of their specials and they have never disappointed me.  I have had their crab cakes and they will not disappoint.  It is all crab, no filler!  They have a great selection of microbrews but no liquor. The meals are priced very reasonably and the waitstaff is very friendly.  They make you feel like a "local" even if you are not.
This is my favorite cool little seafood hole-in-the-wall when I'm driving up I-95 towards points North.  The food is fresh, and for those Marylanders, the paper on the table and the mallets to crack crabs will be a nice reminder of home. There are a few unique beers on tap at any given moment, including one dark beer with coffee that seems pretty popular.  If you like crab, from blues to the King, they have it all. Steamers were great, although they need to come up with more than one piece of texas toast for the broth, which is excellent.   I've had the conch fritters on a previous visit, and we had cracked conch this go-round which was really good, a compliment coming from someone who doesn't love fried seafood that much. They have fish dishes and a landlubber choice or two for that person in your party who is a pesca-party-pooper. The service is excellent, warm, and very local.  This is not an off-the-highway joint. You will have to seek it out about 5-8 minutes from the offramp. It is soooo worth it though.
My sister and I went to Gettin' Crabby for my birthday lunch. I haven't enjoyed a restaurant this much in a long, long time! Not only was the food wonderful but our server, Meg, was an absolute joy! I try to include at least one item where there is room for improvement in my reviews but I can't think of anything for this one. The crisp, clean, fresh-for-every-customer craft paper table covers printed with crabs was one of the charms for me. I knew my hands (and utensils!) were the only ones ever to touch the spotless table cover. Cleanliness goes a long, long way in my book! And, when I asked for tartar sauce because the cocktail sauce was too hot for me, the cook whipped up a new batch of cocktail sauce on the spot with less horseradish. It was PERFECT and it took no more than 2 minutes. Everything on our plates was fresh - nothing pre-packaged.   I had the fried oysters and my sister had the fish tacos. We shared an order of smoked fish dip. Every bite of every item was worthy of five stars PLUS. It's not an easy location to find but both my sister's phone map app and the navigator on my iPad directed us easily. It's a little out-of-the-way restaurant where you feel like a person rather than a potential tip on legs. We will definitely be visiting Gettin' Crabby again soon!
A special place that knows how to cook seafood. The best salad ever with dinner. Dressing was the bomb. Don't miss this place.
The Blue Crabs are to die for. Get both Maryland and Jersey style. There is nothing better! The crab bisque was meaty and had chunks of crab, wasn't overly creamy! Very nice waitstaff too! Really a nice small place, FRESH seafood.
Excellent Food but too noisy.   There was a table of 6-8 people who I hope were drunk and not just that rude, they were so loud I could not talk to my husband across the table.  Its very small inside. That table should have been put outside or given the entire dining room LOL.  I won't go back.
Following the other posts, I too put TripAdvisor to the test as this was rated #1 in the area, despite the ambiance of the outside structure. Bright and fun inside and a really tasty menu. Excellent service! Yellowtail snapper & Conch fritters were awesome and come highly recommended. It's the type of place where I'm assuming locals hope the "tourists" don't invade... Well done to the staff here. But just an FYI, beer and wine only.
My first dining experience at Gettin Crabby was excellent..   Unfortunately, my meal at this restaurant this past Saturday was shockingly bad.  They were out of blue crab so I got the fresh catch.  BIG MISTAKE.  At first sight the snapper was mutilated and looked extremely unappetizing, upon tasting it I discovered it was completely over salted.  A lovely piece of fish ruined by lack of care - it should never have made it out of the kitchen.  It was 6:30, the restaurant was not full - there was simply no excuse.   I may return to Gettin Crabby at some point in the future, but only for blue crabs.
This place is awesome. The atmosphere is great because it is just a small little restaurant with 2 bars (upstairs and downstairs). The crab bisque might be the best soup I have EVER had before. Last time I went I got the bisque and the Crabby Platter for two which has king crab, snow crab, and dungeness. It was the perfect meal.
This place is great! I live in the Melbourne area and a friend was in town for one night in Fort Lauderdale we looked to yelp to find a good dinner place to meet in the middle and I am so glad we chose Gettin Crabby. First off it was a super casual environment but I am sure if you wanted to show up in a gown the food would match the 5 star experience you want. I had the fish of day day pan seared and I picked the rice and the tomato/cucumber side. Everything was perfect! My friend had the crab bisque and a lb of crab legs and they were fresh and amazing looking. We started the meal with conch fritters and ended it with the Florida orange cake which was perfect. We were there pretty late and had fun talking with all the employees. Thanks for making our 1.5 hour drive worth it! Next time I am in Stuart I will be back!  Truly a gem of a place where everyone is happy to work there or be eating great food.
Stopped for dinner after a long beach day. I had shrimp scampi and have to say it was one of best I have ever had. Every dish that came out of the kitchen looked great. The crab knuckles will be my next meal. A couple next to me ordered them  and the portion was huge! Wine was good too.the grouper special was fresh and delicious. The bar tender sure knew the menu and how things were prepared. If you're looking for fancy this is not your place but if you are looking for good food, it truly is.
I have had two meals at Getting Crabby and both were phenomenal!  The seafood couldn't have been any fresher.  They also have some good craft beers on tap.  Don't forgo to leave room for the chocolate key lime pie bar. P.S. Valet parking is a nice touch as well!
Great as always. Some of the best food and service in Stuart. Always crowded always good.
This place was a real find. The atmosphere is casual and fun, with whimsical fish sculptures and funny signs adorning the walls (which are all available for sale). The service could not have been more friendly or attentive. They also featured live music by a great country blues/swing band the night we were there. The beer menu has lots of unusual and interesting choices. While, as you would expect, the menu focuses on crab dishes, there are numerous other gourmet seafood and beef choices. I started with the delicious crab bisque, which was loaded with blue crab meat, and flavored with sherry. Steamed clams were also good. I split the deluxe crab platter for two with my companion, while our wives had crab cakes, and the pan sautéed pompano (a special that night). For dessert, we shared a slice of frozen, chocolate-covered key lime pie, a rum-soaked individual banana cake, and a parfait made from homemade brownies, chocolate mousse, and whipped cream. Everything we ate was beautifully prepared and delicious. I would return here anytime for a meal, or even just a beer, to enjoy the friendly atmosphere. Highly recommended.
Great Food! Place was very busy. Found couple chairs at the bar and ordered an appetizer from their specials. Arrived in about 20 minutes. Portion was small but to die for! .... Place an order for a dinner before even getting an appetizer... IT WAS A LONG-LONG WAIT..... like an HOUR!!! Everything was fresh and flavorful. Music was ok. Crowd was mainly drinking beer. Casual and delicious. Be ready to wait for your food!
LOVED IT! Super nice waitress (sorry I didn't catch her name) who knew her stuff, and great crab! Two of us got the crab platter for two -- snow, dungeness, and king crab, plus two sides. Plenty of food, but we didn't feel uncomfortably stuffed after finishing. Great desserts too -- the seasonal "Drunken Pumpkin" cake was fantastic! Prices are a tad on the high side, but for the quality of the food it's worth it. Can't wait to go back!
Glad we found this little seafood house. Very nice service and very delicious, fresh seafood. Do not miss fried oyster appetizer and save room for the frozen key lime pie for dessert.
What a nice Key West type place!  Food was wonderful. Try the conch. Megan was the best waitress  we had on our Florida stay. We will go back! yummy
My husband and I ate dinner last night at Gettin Crabby.  Food was surprisingly excellent! Our service was excellent. Our server Glen was definitely into the food selections and preparations, he digs his job! Quite passionate. We entered for the rear parking lot and weren't so sure, but took a chance. Glad we did :)
Great food, super service....LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it here!!!
When we pulled up to the restaurant there was some hesitation about continuing on with our plan. The appearance outside is something you would expect of a dive bar. Maybe this place is a dive in its own right but all I can say is the food was fresh and delicious. Conch fritters, crab fingers, crab cake, fish dip and finally the Captain's Platter with grouper were all amazing. Pairing the delicious food with hard to find micro brews and I was in Heaven.  Now that I think about it, I'm glad we didn't judge this book by its cover.
Very good.  Fun and great music.   We hsd the crab dinner for 2.  Excellent.  Great service!   If you like ghost ood seafood and something other than a chane this us the place.
I went to Gettin Crabby based on he overwhelming amount of positive reviews on Yelp and because the description of it as "hole-in-the -wall" sounded perfect for a solo dinner. I was not disappointed. The waiter, Ron, let me sample some beers and then told me what his favorite menu items were. At his recommendation I ordered the crab cakes. Unlike other crab cakes I've had these were all crab and hardly any "filler". So much flavor! The meal was fantastic, the wait staff was wonderful, and the local crowd was incredibly friendly. I will definitely be coming back!
Great good and service
First time here this afternoon. Tried to go once before, but could not find parking. This time we parked in one of the public spots along Old Dixie Hwy. and walked a couple of blocks.  As many have already said, great fresh seafood, excellent quality beer and wine selections. Will  definitely be one of our local go-to eating/drinking places.
As good as it gets really says it all.  The food and staff are excellent.  Absolutely worth stopping.  That being said, it's a perfect place for a couple and or a group of adults, but I wouldn't take young  kids.  Mainly because its a small place and getting a table is hot or miss.  Since it was just my husband and I, we were able to sit at the bar.  Can't say there is anything on the menu I wouldn't recommend.  I did love the conch fritters and catch of the day is always a good choice.
Fresh seafood, friendly service and live music! This is a local gem. Not fancy by any means but the seafood is outstanding. The crab cakes and smoked fish dip are great starters.   I had the Hog Fish and it was delicate, white flaky goodness-- cooked perfectly. Not sure how it got started, (maybe a Cuban Chef?) but they have "platanos maduros" as a side.  Almost better than the ones we get in Miami or the homemade ones my mom makes (sorry mom)...My only complaint were the paper napkins.  Maybe it's just me, but cloth napkins seem to take a place like this up a notch. Oh, call ahead seating...Definitely worth a try, maybe a few tries...
Recently went here - when we pulled up the place looks like a dive. I wasn't quite sure what to expect. I was blown away with the menu, and my dinner companions were equally taken aback. We sat at their bar, had an adorable server, they were short servers but she really took care of us....friendly, engaging, enjoyed talking about the menu, place, etc. Had cracked conch, conch fritters, and crab meat salad all fabulous! Entrees there were blue crabs, soft shell crabs, fish of day which was grouper with scallops. The cucumber tomato salad had a basil dressing which was delicious. Top shelf. Will definitely be back when I'm down visiting in Port St. Lucie.
While visiting Jensen Beach for a couple of days, I spent considerable time researching decent places to eat.  Came across Getting Crabby and several positive reviews, here on Yelp, and was hopeful I'd found a winner. Some of the area around the restaurant is not considered very nice, so as we approached the restaurant, my boyfriend warned me to not get my hopes up and to be prepared to walk out.  The instant we walked in the door, we were greeted by Meg (owner) and another gentleman who was the bartender/server (I forget his name) with such a warm welcome that we almost forgot it was only our first time there.  Since it was football Sunday, we opted to sit at the bar.   All I wanted to know was what size the crabs were and how many I could get.  Meg explained that live crabs get delivered on Fridays and Tuesdays. Of course, on Friday and Saturday nights the restaurant gets really busy and they sell a lot of crabs.  But, I was in luck; there were a couple jumbo, and a few large left, so I was able to order about 9 crabs.  My boyfriend ordered the day boat scallops with a side of plantains and a cucumber and tomato salad with pesto vinaigrette.  He raved about the plantains and loved that the scallops were extremely fresh and also seasoned well and cooked perfectly.  My crabs were great, of course.  It probably took me an entire football game to get through them because they were so fresh and delicious and meaty.  Meg had offered us a crab and spaghetti entree that was on special, but I declined since all I really wanted were crabs.  However, she let me taste the sauce, which was delicious.   We couldn't wait to go back and showed up two days later for our final dinner in Florida (only reason we skipped a day was because they are closed on Mondays). This time, we both opted for a cup of the crab bisque, which is extremely flavorful, loaded with crab meat and served with sherry on the side and I ordered the crabs and spaghetti special.  Although very messy, the crabs and spaghetti reminded me of my childhood friend whose Italian family would make a gigantic pot of crabs and spaghetti for family get togethers  in the summer.  Delicious, the sauce had a little kick, which I loved.   My boyfriend ordered the crab cakes with the plantains again and rice.  I'm very picky about crab cakes since they are often filled with everything but crabmeat.  But, these crab cakes were delicious. No filler, just crab and a little binder to keep them together.  I only had a couple of bites and found them to be a little too buttery, for my liking, but de enjoyed the couple of bites that I had. The rice was just great. So simple, yet so tasty.  I may have to try to beg for the recipe the next time. Finally, we had dessert.  There is a woman who bakes these individual Banana Coconut Rum Cakes for the restaurant and she had just delivered a fresh batch.  Just like the rest of the meal, the cake was delicious.   The only disappointing thing for me is that they only serve beer and wine.  They have a great selection of domestic, imported, and craft beers.  Unfortunately, I just don't drink beer. Luckily, the wines were decent.  For me, though, not having cocktails is an acceptable tradeoff  when I am are getting great food and great service.  I can't wait to go back!!
On a recent trip to visit my husband's mom in Hobe Sound, I yelped up this great restaurant. My hubby and I often follow the advice of fellow yelpers and so when I located this one with a perfect score on all reviews, it looked promising. We stopped into Gettin Crabby around noon to check the place out and see if we needed to set a reservation for that Friday evening. Don't be fooled by the exterior, yes, it's next to a gun shop and just over the railroad tracks from other local restaurants that have inter-coastal views in the Manatee Pocket. However, having eaten at said restaurants with a view, I would take Gettin Crabby any day, hands down! Meg, one of the owners and a fantastic personality that fits the bright, colorful decor greeted us from behind the bar. The place was extremely clean! She immediately let us know that all the seafood they serve is fresh and if at all possible, locally sourced. We made a reservation for later that night as on Friday's they have live music and it gets pretty busy. When we came back at our designated time we were greeted like old friends and promptly seated. I really appreciated the fact that they had some tables marked "Reserved" for their actual reservations as nothing is more annoying than arriving and having to wait. My husband ordered four of the Super Jumbo crab done Maryland style. Meg was great at explaining that since the crab aren't precooked that they steam them whole with some Old Bay seasoning and that she would show him how to get into the first crab. My mother in law and I ordered the crab cake and we all enjoyed the Conch appetizer. The conch was fresh and delicious, it's not my super favorite as I prefer it in fritters or deep fried because it is a little chewier than I like when just cooked. My husband's crab came on a lunch tray and they looked and smelled amazing! True to her promise, Meg washed her hands and showed him how to crack into the first crab and what parts not to eat. His crab was delicious! Fresh and wonderful! Our crab cakes were the most succulent and insanely best I've ever had!! There was literally no filler, just huge gorgeous chunks of crab meat! They're served with a chive butter sauce that is so worth the extra calories! Also on the plate, a cucumber and tomato cold salad with a basil pesto vinaigrette and deep fried plantains. There was nothing that could have made this meal better! Dessert was also fantastic and though we were all stuffed, Meg's description of a Banana Coconut Rum Cake from a local bakery sold it. She was the true definition of hospitality, which is a huge compliment since my husband and his parents have been doing hospitality in restaurants and hotels that are top notch. If you're in the area, I highly recommend you check out this local favorite soon as it's sure to become your favorite too!
Love me some blue crabs and they are always so yummy! Meg is awesome and always makes my little girl feel so special:) great food, people, and atmosphere.
If u want great seafood and super crab u have to check gettin crabby out . We found it on yelp about 6 weeks ago . We have been there at least 6 times since. Went there for our last supper with friends before heading back to NH for the summer . Crab bisque is loaded with crab . Crab platter with 2 plus lbs of dungeness Snow And king crab is super . Rustic and feels just right.   Staff. Really makes u feel at home . Can't wait till October to get back
We had a truly fantastic dinner here tonight.  We live about 30 minutes away and were looking for something new.  I read the reviews here on Yelp and decided it was worth a drive to check this place out.  And it really was worth the drive.  Don't be turned off by the location.  Don't let your first impression of the exterior fool you.  This is a fantastic restaurant.  In our town the location might be improved, but the food could not.  And the cost would be 50% higher.   The conch and crab were first rate.  The tomato and cucumber salad and plantains were great.  They had such a fantastic selection of beers that I tried two. And best of all the service was very welcoming.  We can't wait to go back.
Quaint restaurant in the heart of Port Salerno.   Good food and fun music.
Great place ! Had triple tail appetizer and captain platter mahi , scallops , and shrimp with plantains :) yummy and staff very friendly definitely go back :) five star all the way !!!!
I was in town on vacation for a week and I was striking out left and right trying to find an authentic seafood restaurant that didn't feel like a "tourist trap".... Then I found it. This place is the real deal for crab lovers. A great atmosphere. Live music. Friendly staff. I highly recommend EVERYTHING. Start with an oyster shooter. Delicious. They also have a true appreciation for craft beer, which is hard to come by in this part of Florida. I will be recommending this place to all my friends and family.
What a great dive. Reminds me of The Monkey Farm in Old Saybrook Connecticut. Great food, Even better service.The place gets kinda loud when the live music starts at around 8pm.Very diverse menu.You can't just really like this place. They even have valet parking at no charge.
The food, atmosphere and service was terrific last night at Gettin Crabby. I had the snow crabs, my husband had the crab cakes. Both meals were excellent. We will return to this cute little restaurant in Salerno!
My favorite seafood restaurant! I get the whole Maryland crabs and the cracked Kong everytime I come here and it is amazing! It's a small restaurant that sells a very fast so if you're going on a day like Friday or Saturday we're it would be busy you're going to want to try and call ahead. Or just expect a long wait. They don't always have the crabs or sometimes they only have a few so I always call ahead to find out if they them in. Best seafood around!!!!!
If you are from MD, and know what real MD, old bay steamed crabs are...This is your place, and the owners are great.
We saw this place had 5 stars, so we had to give it a try.  Everything we ate was delicious!  Definitely try this place!
We loved Gettin Crabby. I had an amazing crab cake sandwich, and my partner had a fresh grilled hogfish sandwich.  We shared fried oysters for an appetizer that were very good....plump and moist and not too much breading.  Service was great. We will be back
9/29/2012 We loved Gettin Crabby. I had an awesome Steak - thats right a 1 lb aged New York Steak that melted in your mouth in a seafood restaurant!  My wife  had a fresh grilled crusted Yellow Tail Tuna with a cucumber onion salad served sashimi (semi raw) style - the best she's eaten.  We shared a rum coconut bun desert - decadent - great.  Service was extremely cordial and fast. Both of us joined the clean plate club - not a scrap left. We will be back.  The hamburgers are touted to be the best in Stuart - can't wait to try.  - Best to make reservations for dinner on the weekends- very popular
Great food, nice friendly staff, good beer choices. The hogfish was terrific!
If you live in Stuart or just visiting Getting Crabby is the place to go eat, drink and meet new friends.  The food is amazing and the owners Meg and Kevin are the best!!!   I highly recommend Getting Crabby at the top of the list of restaurants in the Stuart Florida area.
What a wonderful surprise. Have driven past this hole-in-the-wall several times and forfeit the stop only because the gun shop next door..do not pass by. The food is wonderful, the service is also great.
Small hidden gem located in Stuart!!   Had some reservations when we found this place but soooo glad we went in..  Off the main road but worth finding it.  Soooo glad we went in.  Can't say enough good things about this place. Food is so fresh.  Crab fingers, Conch, Crab Cakes, Bisque Soup are the best we had down here.  Must also try their Rum Coconut Cake! Service was great also have entertainment on weekends. Will definitely go back.
really good food at this place i enjoy it :)
I have passed this place a lot, being steered away because of the old building next to a creek attached to a gun and propane store with a lord of the rings typeface sign. Well the great thing about being a snobby a**hole is getting humbled and reminded about yourself sometimes. I love this place!!!! They are so freakin' NICE, also the food and character of it is so fantastic I wish I could hug it. Dive bar meets old school well, crab house I guess. A place you can make a mess in and they'll just roll up the paper, so great. I only wish it was on a foggy pier. I got defeated by the all you can eat blue crab. They brought out six of the large guys and very nicely instructed me on how to bust them up. Turns out I can't eat that much so any buffet will win on me. T got the dungeoness because we were missing crab season in SF. They were the clusters but steamed perfect. All the sides were really tasty. They even had some bubbles I have never heard of but they did the trick. Crab, champ and even a band. I will be back. Probably tonight.
We found ourselves in Port Salerno after an afternoon drive and thanks to Yelp we decided to try Gettin Crabby. It's not much to look at from the outside located in a small strip with a gun and ammo shop on one side. We decided to head in and their were only a small number of people inside, we later realized that this was due to the fact that they had opened only 30 minutes prior. We ordered the conch fritters and at the suggestion of another diner the Crab Fingers which are actually a misnomer as they were snow crab claws. Both came quickly and were fantastic. The fritters were full of conch a touch spicy and had a delicious dipping sauce, the crab claws were served with another incredible dipping sauce. Two major thumbs up. We decided to order one of the specials (two actually) the hog fish sandwich one jerked and one grilled I had the tomato cucumber salad as a side which had a sauce that was similar to a chimichurri sauce. The hog fish was delicious, the tomato cucumber salad was refreshing and extremely good. We live an hour + away and were already planning a return visit. Excellent food, friendly service in a casual welcoming atmosphere. As we ate the place began to fill up with many more diners. Also they have a wide variety of beers both bottled and on tap. If you are in Stuart Port Salerno area don't miss Gettin Crabby, without a doubt worth the trip.
Gettin' Crabby? Yep, I got crabby alright. Drove all the way from Jupiter to eat here for lunch. Waited for a table for about ten minutes, but unfortunately the waitress ignored us and didn't seat us. Walked out of the empty restaurant.
On the other side of the tracks is a great restaurant called Gettin Crabby!  Waitress (Meg) was great with the kids, gave them crayons to color on the paper table top & crackers as a snack to hold them over until dinner.  Our friends order the Crabs for 2 special & were not disappointed!  One of us order the freshly ground Cheeseburger and boy you could tell the difference, it was great.  I ordered the Jumbo Shrimp pan sauté in white wine & garlic sauce w/ fried plantains & cucumber salad, it was great as well.
We had a lot of fun at Gettin Crabby. There was one group of men celebrating the end of the work day at one part of the bar and a couple eating in the small dining room. At our segment of the bar were two couples who had come for dinner and a few single men drinking a beer and making googoo eyes at the two beautiful women who were serving. The food experience was uneven; Fried oysters were lightly cooked and tasty, while a fried soft shell crab was cooked too long and was greasy. The catch of the day, broiled grouper, was average other than being a little overcooked. Crab bisque was not too remarkable but the shot of sherry served alongside perked it up. No one around us tried a crab dish other than a crab cake which he liked a lot. I would, however, go back in a minute. Gettin Crabby skates a thin line between being a bar and grill and a dive and getting together at a friend's house for dinner. We felt  welcome and at home right away.
