I don't know how Ruffino's only has one review and two stars. They are the best pizza you can get in Port St. Lucie, hands down. I haven't tried much other than their pizza or subs in years (seriously, they've been around foooorever) but what I have tried is seriously one of my favorite parts of coming back to visit. Can't go wrong with a cheese or meatball or pepperoni pizza - their sicilian is also great!
Ruffino's is a super solid local pizzeria/italian restaurant.
My family and I have been coming to Ruffinos for over ten years now.  I am from NY and feel it is better than most pizzerias there.  Their food is authentic, fresh and overall just delicious.  Reading the reviews on here the one below written by Robert S.  is just unbelievable.  You are attending a restaurant that sells their own desserts and yet you get angry when asked to pay 50 cents per person! For bringing in your own dessert!  You should be grateful that an establishment even allowed you to do that and then you come on here and bad mouth them!  Next they will be mad because they were charged for bringing their own meal and drink inside!  Bottom line Ruffino's is where it's at for authentic Italian food and pizza!
Solid Italian restaurant. My dad and I both had a francese dish - dad had the flounder and I had the shrimp. Both very good. Dad also really liked his pasta fagioli (sp?) soup.  Definitely worth a try if you're within a 10- to 15-minute drive.
Ok italian food, nothing special. The best thing this place has is it cheap.
I love Ruffinos. The food and family atmosphere make it one of my fave places when I am in PSL.  It is nothing particularly fancy, but you will never leave hungry or disappointed if you are in the mood for Italian food.  It reminds me a lot of the family opeated Italian restaurants in New York.  Mangia!  Keep up the good work, Ruffinos.
Pizza and garlic bread are both outstanding.
Excellent food and service!!!
Great pizza either eat in or take out. Family owned and operated and always great service. Menu is basic Italian and the food is good.YELP site needs to be updated it list closed on profile, Ruffinos is not closed.
I must admit this, Food was good but unfortunately The service i would rate it Totally negative. My family and I have  to come to this restaurant every Friday for the past 3 years and from time to time we have noticed that their service has declined to make us as customers feel we aren't really important. We do not go cheap with foods because we do enjoy dining out. unfortunately  My brother had a birthday cake at the restaurant which his wife baked the cake and asked Ruffino's if it was okay to have a little birthday cake for my brother. They said they're good with it. We had the cake, just us family only.  What comes to a shocking surprise for us was they charged us 50 cents per person who eats the cake and add it to our bill. We approach to the owner of the restaurant and asked why this? He says thats the policy of our restaurant and we told him but you never get to let us know it will be a charge for per person. What he implied was well sorry Business is Business. I think its a crock of bull! My brother said well we've been coming here for a good 3 years and now you're fussing over 50 cents per person.. It makes us feel were less important to you. Perhaps we could just stop coming here all because of the 50 cents that matters to you. The owner said well thanks for coming here ( with a smirk attitude ) and said take care and waved bye in front of his face. i was in disbelief and now it gets me to write this in Yelp!  The whole point was He fret over 50 cents per person while we come every friday spending 100 to 150 dollars a table. Customers should be a priority to their company and we have dedicated our loyalty and it turned out we were just the money pit to them. SAD! I wouldn't recommend this place ever again. I would rate their service and greed to 1
Ordered a pie here, some of the best pizza I've had since leaving NY. Looking fwd to trying some dinner entrees next time. Edited: I've had a chance to eat here a few times since my last review. Bottom line, this is NY Italian food. I almost can't believe how good everything was. The scungilli salad is insane: fresh, light, lemony, with a hint of garlic and EVOO. The penne a la vodka was perfect as well.  Will def be returning!
I have never had a bad meal here! Tonight we had the spaghetti carbonara and a pepperoni Stromboli. OMG what a fantastic meal!! If you've never had a Stromboli, this is the place to try it.  Good service and reasonable prices.
Great tasting pizza. We get the Mon/Tue carryout special, and it is very good. The pepperoni is tasty! We recommended it to friends and they love it.
Eat here at least once a week.  Wait staff is always friendly and efficient.  I love cheese Pizza and white pizza and they will accommodate me and give me half and half.   Stuffed rigatoni special is fantastic.  Shrimp or grouper francaise are over the top. Fettuccini Alfredo is as good or better than I've had anywhere.  Eggplant parmesan excellent. Maybe i should just list the whole menu since I've never had anything bad .
I am not one to write reviews but this gem is too good to not spread the news. I came here while traveling for work and it has been the best meal I've had all week. The portions are gigantic and the prices are reasonable. Friendly staff too.
Ruffinos hands down is the best NY style Italian food in PSL. I have lived here for 10 years from Brooklyn and would not think of going anywhere else when I want authentic Italian. The chicken parm is awesome. Seafood dishes are fresh always. Great service every time. Even just going in for a pizza is a treat. And if you don't feel like going out they deliver. My only complaint if you can call it that is the desserts. I love ricotta cheese cake but there is something off on theirs. The New York cheese cake is a better choice. Most of the time we are way too full to get dessert anyway. Go and enjoy. You won't be disappointed. Call for reservations if you are a large party and its a weekend!
Best italian food ive had since i was back in nj.... i usually think the food sucks down here in florida but this place has it down pat... and they give you free garlic bread lots of it. havnt tried their pizza but it looks good. me and my family come here on holidays or birthdays... we all get the bruschetta and fried calamari its always amazing and all their entrees are great we have a big family so we have tried pretty much everything on their menu...  hate eggplant but they have an entree thats chicken parm with eggplant on top and its amazing... decently priced too and big portions.. great pasta sauce too. Try their specials because they are always the best.
Very impressed. Slow start, but by the salads, everything was nearly perfect. The bread was to die for, and I was ecstatic that they had Tartufo! Drinks, dinner, and dessert for two for under $70--can't beat it. Staff was friendly and attentive, though the place was so busy when we got there, things slowed down a bit. It was well worth it.
Perfect pit stop - my pregnant/picky wife was in dire need of food on a recent business trip and Ruffino's def fit the bill. Good service, good food, all that u would expect. A pleasant surprise to be sure.
Ruffinos is a staple in PSL. We have been living here for 11-years after leaving NY. Pizza is excellent, more so when dad the owner is there preparing it. Their only competition, Ninos, left for Stuart. Stay away from Big Apple and all that other wannabe "Italian Restaurants"  - Ruffinos is it!!!
Best tortellini soup in town! It has parmesan cheese in it. Who'd have thought? The broth is a perfect chicken and spice balance. If ypu haven't tried it yet, I highly recommend you do, you won't be disappointed. Also, the server, Brittany is a sweetheart, very friendly and attentive.
I thought the food was good and waitress was very friendly. The garlic bread was excellent. Casual relaxed atmosphere.
