Fantastic. I had the corned beef and hash, and it was Very good. Everything on the menu looks good! My girlfriend had the Glenda frittata and it was very tasty. Homestyle feel. Whomever is in the kitchen is a very good cook! Totally worth the visit.
Best place. EVER!  I am very conflicted right now because I want Yelpers to know it is awesome BUT I don't want any more people to go.  Seriously, this is a gourmet breakfast "hole in the wall" with outstanding selections. The lunch sandwiches are the bomb too. Jensen Beach has it's hidden gems and this is its Crown Jewel. Cash only. Not good for groups. Plan on a wait when season is in.
This was the second time I was there. The food is DELICIOUS!  Best thing ever is the shrimp & grits. All breads are homemade and really make the difference. Cheesesteak bomb was awesome. Sis had a huge burger on a homemade onion roll, best burger ever. Will def make this a regular stop. Waitress was so nice & friendly. You gotta get to Marys kitchen
My wife and I visited Mary's on a Sunday morning. We were eager to try it after all the great reviews. I love gravy biscuits and after reading one comment on "the best she ever had" I had high expectations.... They tasted like frozen biscuits and packaged milk gravy. It tasted like something I would get for free at Hampton inn. My wife ordered bacon, tomato, cheese omelette. It came out bacon, mushroom, and tomato. It had lots of toppings, but I didn't think it was anything special. I ran out of drink half way through my meal and was never offered a refill. On a brighter note the breads looked delicious. The eggs Benedict and pancakes LOOKED good. I would go back, but I wouldn't order the biscuits and gravy.
What can you say about Mary's that the packed dining room and long history serving Jensen Beach cannot say for itself. This place is so amazing I went there the morning after my wedding, yes we did sit there in our wedding outfits and ate an amazing breakfast. From the amazing service to the equally incredible food this place has everything you want in a breakfast joint. I am a huge fan of the Steak and eggs with Corned Beef Hash and a side of Tomato Basil Toast and (if available) a cherry crumble muffin. That to me the greatest breakfast you can get. Just a bonus that it comes from one of the best local places around.
Awesome breakfast and lunch. Omelet was so good and their homemade bread and toast is incredible.
My partner and I have been going here for years. We keep this as our standby when we venture out of St Lucie West for breakfast. (That does not happen much anymore) I LOVE the Monte Cristo. Yum! My partner will get the Glenda. Eggs Benedict choices are to die for. Mary makes her own Hollandaise Sauce and she has told me other restaurants have tried to get her recipe. Anything here has always been incredible for us. This is no doubt a must try but be prepared to wait. The restaurant is small and everything is made fresh, to order. Oh I almost forgot she bakes her own bread. YUMMY!
Mary's Gourmet Kitchen... Mmmmmmmm, homemade corn beef hash and creamy cheese grits, among other breakfast delights.  MGK does serve lunch, but why bother with that??? The breads and pastries are all homemade and look and smell phenomenal.   Sit outside under one of the 2 tiki huts and savor your super special homemade breakfast delights!   This is definitely worth a detour if you're in the area!
We had an excellent breakfast at Mary's yesterday. We had the 8 grain pancakes and the island grits. Wow. The pancakes were so filling my wife had to take one home, and I could have eaten 2 bowls if the grits. This is the kind of hometown place we have been looking for since moving to Jensen Beach.
Mary's has some of the BEST food around!!!  My all time favorite is her Eggs Benedict! Her bread is made fresh daily and they have some pretty interesting and flavorful bread combos!  The muffins and "goodies" she makes are always so good.  The English waitress is my favorite, always remember little old me.  I even sent this place in to that show Diners, Drives and Dives---that's how good it is!!!!!
I hate giving Mary's Kitchen 5 stars... only because I don't want the best kept breakfast secret in Jensen Beach to get out... actually I think the word is already out because it get's pretty busy. Order the Corned Beef Hash and you won't be disappointed... it's like she shreds the corned beef right there, just before she makes it for you...  The eggs are always cooked perfectly as well.  Dad had a fritatta and it was huge, light and fluffy.   The service is sometimes a little slow, but you feel like you're down in the keys when you goto Mary's Kitchen, so sit back under the tiki hut, relax, enjoy some jo and great breakfast fixin's.  Oh yeah, the bread and muffins there are fantastic, so try and get a variety so you can taste it all. Don't spread the word too much, I don't want to have to wait in a long line the next time I go.
Very good food and laid back setting. The quesadillas and huevos rancheros are delicous and very big! Small dining area and a couple tables outside. Worth the trip in to town for breakfast! They don't take credit cards though. Cash only
Don't let the Tiki Hut look scare you away. Mary's serves up some excellent breakfasts. Fresh fruit, muffins, homemade bread and the oversized omelette that I had was the best I've ever eaten, and I'm not easily pleased! Give them a try. You'll love it! Just a note: When we visited they were not taking credit cards, so bring some cash!
Wonderful comfort food!  Do yourself a favor and try a grilled muffin.  One of the best things I've eaten.
YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMY!!!!!!!!!!!! That pretty much sums it up. This place has one of the BEST breakfasts in Jensen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So yummy! Great place for breakfast/brunch after a long night. They make their own breads- the banana is to die for. The food is so fresh, the portions are huge, and their menu has everything you want. There's eggs benedict, french toast, egg white omelets. A small place in downtown Jensen that's by the river. Prices are good, too!
Wow! Delicious!  Service was great, food was outstanding!  I had the roast beef hash with rye toast which was quite yummy!  Make sure to save room for bread, it's totally worth it!  It's great that they offer breakfast even at noon. Lunch looked very nice too, many options.
I was heart broken when Deena's closed on the drive.   I said there goes the best breakfast around.   Well if you felt the same way, relax.   Mary's is AWESOME!!! not saying they are better than Deena's not saying they are not.  What I am saying is , we are a family of four and everyone enjoyed their meal.   The portions are very large.   OK I hate when people review and don't mention the dish they had so here goes.   I made my own mess.  It started with a large bacon and cheese omelet, side of seasoned home fries and finally a side of their outstanding sausage gravy.   Took all of those ingredients and combined and yum yum yummy.   Every bit of it was cooked perfectly.  Also their toast is thick and excellent.   I know its toast how do you screw that up?   But hey if you've eaten out enough you have experienced even that simple side screwed up.
Marys makes the best Eggs Benedict I have ever had.  She does a spin on em too, but I like the classic.  Her other meals are great, but I am telling you, if you like Eggs Benedict, these, my friend are awesome.
Some people may not like the setting. It is a little rustic and the best seats are outdoors where there is a bit of traffic going by. If you look hard enough, you can see the water but forget the view, the food is the best anywhere. She is an awesome Chef and has trained whoever she has back there making the food to be at least AS awesome. I have tried a number of items on the menu and they all have been off the charts as far as quality of ingredients, preparation and taste. Hard to find a great corned beef hash but Mary's has it along with a great roast beef hash as well. Many types of Benedict's are available, usually my favorite when the menu is limited but this place has so many tempting offerings, it really is hard to decide what to eat. Since I have tried her shrimp and grits specialty - with cheese, bacon, scallions, fresh tomato, I am having a hard time ordering anything else. I can easily justify the slightly higher $12 price because for me it is 2 delicious meals and they both include shrimp. It comes with her homemade bread which clinched the deal when I was first trying to decide between that and one of her omelets. The bread alone is worth a drive from anywhere. Love this place and highly recommend it.
Mary's is always a no fail option for breakfast. I not only eat here in my free time, but my coworkers and I order breakfast to go at least once per week. No one I know has ever been disappointed in the food or the friendly service!
Best breakfast in town. Glad they came back they were missed. Everything homemade even the bread...
You'll love the homemade breads and muffins.  Also, a unique menu with delicious bahama style shrimp and grits.  We sampled the bahama grits, omelets and pancakes. The service is quick and friendly.  A really good spot to enjoy.  Look for the building that looks like a tiki hut.
Great food. Good service. A staple of Jensen Beach cuisine.  The fresh baked bread is awesome.
yum yum yum! i almost hate writing this and making it public how good this place is.. lol i love them, food is great! service is great! all around one of the only places in jensen i will eat at. the only down side are the hours sometimes i want a veggie mac after 3.
Visiting here from Boston.   One of the best omelets that I've eaten.
Wonderfully old Floida themed atmosphere .  Enjoyed a wonderfull breakfast with the Better-half & old friend this AM. I wasn't real hungry so I opted for the Eggshells, 2 flakey puff pastries filled with fluffy scrambled eggs topped with true homemade Hollandais sauce, & a side of crispy bacon, my wife ordered  2 scrambled eggs , bacon with homemade tomato based bread which she raved about & we both selected fresh sliced tomatosb instead of the standard fruit cup but our friend from Alaska had the eggs Benbdict with the fruit cup which seemed never ending with the best honey dew,cantaloupe $ grapes in season. Highly recommend this establishment for great food lunch & breakfast only  a little hard to find but enjoy the small town & other interesting shops.
