The best Greek restaurant in Jensen Beach.
Pros:  Food is good. Best in the area, not best I ever had. Cons: They charge extra if you need more Tzatziki sauce. Also I don't like when the belly dancer is dancing around while I'm eating. I don't like hair in my food. It's a fast food place, no need for dancer. I prefer to eat in piece. Its just too annoying.
Came here friday night, it was close to 9pm and the place looked empty, but we asked the waitress if it was open and she said yes.  the service was great and the food was good.  My hubby had the lemon soup and he really liked it and i asked for the gyro platter and that really was good and a great portion too, hopefully next time im in town i will go back.
Whether you are looking for something different or just don't want to pay the airfare to visit the Greek Isle's the Olympic Taverna is an amazing stop. I have run through almost the entire menu in my time visiting the OT as we call it. My go to favorite is the Gyro and Souvloki platter with lemon potatoes. Its so good at times I find myself drooling in public thinking about it. The flaming cheese appetizer is a great combo of amazing cheese and a show! The Olympic Taverna is a solid corner stone of the Jensen Beach area and a go to for a taste of the Mediterranean.
I. was. starving.  It was 2 pm when I left work Thursday Oct. 10 to stop at Olympic Taverna for a quick lunch.  I ordered a gyro and a salad.  Salad was very fresh, with lots of Feta cheese, two different fancy olives, red onion slices, tomato slice & very yummy, pink tinged blue cheese dressing.  generous portion as well. Gyro sandwich  ($7.99 incl. salad) was also generously portioned, flavorful and very filling. Service was prompt and friendly.  I don't know the server's name because she didn't wear name tag & I don't think she gave me her name.  But service was impeccable  -- she offered me extra salad dressing (for dipping too) and a to go Coke (under $2) -- which was also tasty, iced cold and fizzy. I was so full I could hardly make it back to work but very satisfied. How do you say 'siesta' in Greek? They have a pick-up window if you order ahead of time. It is borderline chilly in there so bring a wrap or sweater. Chairs are wooden, and large but not padded. Plenty of seating. Belly dancers on weekends. A case of yummy looking desserts. I'd recommend Olympic Taverna.
I've always found their food to be pretty average.  The portions are big enough, but I'm not crazy about the same flavor all their food has.  I've ordered a wide variety from the menu on the half-dozen times I've been here, but it all tastes about the same.  Everyone else seems to like it, so maybe it's just me. Also, their service ranges from pretty slow to reaallllly slow.
I cannot say enough about this restaurant! We called them on a Friday night with a party of 11 seeing if they could seat us. We had reservations at Hokkaido in Port St Lucie and had to leave due to the awful way they treated us. The woman on the phone said head on over we will make room for you. The restaurant was packed and they got us in! The service and the food was amazing! My two year old loved the belly dancer performing that night!  If you are looking for authentic Greek food with a great atmosphere this is your place!!!!!
I was really looking forward to some great Greek food, I was not disappointed. The three star rating is solely concerning the service. Dining alone perhaps isn't a priority to the servers, the frequency of which they checked on me was rare. They were surprised when I came to the counter for a refill of my water... But wow the Gyro Platter was awesome! Large portion, good pita, and the tzatziki was wonderful. The humus appetizer They were definitely much more attentive to the larger parties and they were not discourteous. If you want some great Greek food, they've got it. I'm hopeful that the service was just a freak happenstance.
I've been driving by this place for a few years and always thought I needed to try it.  We were looking for a place to eat and Yelp his this restaurant pretty highly rated so we decided to give it a try and I'm glad we did. The food is good.  Who would have thought to make cheese fries with feta cheese and gyro meat?  They were delicious.  Greek salad with gyro meat was also great.  Spinach pie was a little disappointing, they were greasy and lacking in flavor.  The gyro platter was enormous and very tasty.  We were too full for desert but the desert case looked great. Service was attentive and good.  We will be back.
The food is wonderful , service good, however their ad for happy hour was quite misleading.  The ad said $5 appetizer, & 2-4-1 drinks, (1 to 7 pm) we were there @3 pm for a "happy hour". & that apparently doesn't  apply to beer and the appetizers did not ring up at  $5.   When asked about this it was promptly taken care of , but with a bit of  attitude.
An incredible restaurant. The decor is very Old World and contemporary in the same. Stone walls, a very rustic bar, solid tables and chairs you'd expect to find in a cafe on the Aegean Sea. The staff is attentive, intelligent and courteous. The right balance of checking on how we are doing and keeping a distance so that we can enjoy our meal. Bryce is especially knowledgeable about the selection of beer and the menu choices. I've not seen many servers better than he is. The Mythos Red beers were excellent. Delicious and crisp that went well with the dinner. Saganaki, also known as Greek flaming cheese along with a plate of pita bread. A filling, and highly entertaining appetizer. The Greek salads were perfect. Lots of olives(watch out for the pits), feta cheese, a very tasty dressing, and fresh greens. The roast lamb was butter tender. It is served with a simple au jus and roasted potatoes. There aren't a lot of words to describe it, but the meal was perfect. Delicious delicious delicious. We also had the gyro platter. Even as a big guy, I could not eat the whole thing. Beef, lamb, tzatziki, pita and greens. The rice pilaf that came with the platter was perfect. Buttery and  perfectly seasoned. If there was only one problem with the meal, forgive me cook staff, but it was the mint jelly. Somewhat like a cruel joke and a nod to tradition it is rather overpowering. For the lamb, perhaps a mixture of pureed mint, lemon juice, lemon zest and olive oil would be much better. We will be back to sample the rest of the menu. Oh yes.
Being from the West coast of Fl, growing up next to Tarpon Springs (which is like little Crete) I do know my Greek food. This isn't Tarpon Springs, but it is some of the best I have had on the East Coast. Picky kids liked it enough to want to come back twice during spring break. That's a win in my book. Prices were fair, service was good for dine in and our order was right and just as generous when we decided to do take out. Bonus that you can get the take out at the existing drive through window from the building's previous stint as a fast food joint. Call ahead to order, because there is not a real "drive through" now, just a spot to pick up. The dining area was done up pretty cute and didn't look like it used to be a low dollar chain. They have done a really good job with faux stone walls, vines and Greek sea scenes. There is a small bar in the corner with a flatscreen if you want to stop in for some Greek Sangria (which was pretty darn good,but different from the Spanish version) and catch the game. All the food choices were pretty solid, and no one had any complaints. Flaming cheese is a must have. The pastry selections included classic Greek treats, as well as some awesome American choices like Reeses or Oreo brownies.  Definitely no complaints there, and we are picky with our sweets. Is it the best Greek ever? Ummm, no, but it is good enough to keep us coming back, fairly priced, and served up by friendly folks. That spells a winner to me.
Redemption.  The trick is to order the platter instead of the sandwich. Came with a soup or salad (I got the avgo lemono soup, which was great) and a side dish (which I got the lemon potatoes). Much fresher than my first lunch here a few months ago, and it just tasted better this go 'round. On that first try, i could only give them 3 stars, but today I go to 4. I'll be back for sure -- need to try it one evening for dinner and see if this belly-dancer measures up to the praise ;-)
I have enjoyed everything I have had here. I especially love the Greek Salads! Their homemade dressing is stellar. And surprisingly the Philly cheese steak was amazing! They know how to do more than just Greek Cuisine :) And they have beautiful belly dancers every Friday and Saturday Night!  Opa!!!
Chicken kabobs were fantastic! Pita bread was very warm, soft- highly recommended. Green beans were good. Side salad was made to order which was nice. Stopped by for a quick lunch and left feeling pretty satisfied.
The food is great, the service is quick, and the prices are reasonable. The restaurant even has a drive through window so you can call ahead and get take out.
Where else on the Treasure Coast will you find flaming cheese as an appetizer and platters of meat larger than what mom used to serve to the whole family - in a week!  The menu is extensive, with offerings for even the pickiest of eaters, ranging from classic spanikopita and grape leaves to philly cheesesteaks for the more American savvy.  The staff is extremely sociable and friendly.  Be prepared to wait for these delicious, affordably priced culinary masterpieces though - with only 15 tables a line of an hour is not unheard of.  Well worth it in my book!
Great Greek food.   Went on a Saturday night. There were a few large parties but we. as a 2, were seated promptly.  We started with stuffed grape leaves they were served warm with a lemon sauce - unusual but very good.  Main courses we both had chicken gyro platter.  Very tasty.  Large portion served with either soup or salad and a starch.  We had Greek salads and rice pilaf.  For dessert we shared a Greek yogurt served with honey and candied nuts - very good.  As an added benefit there was a belly dancer for entertainment.  Not sure if that was because it was Saturday or if they have it more often
Amazing food and the staff is so nice!!!!! Do not miss this place!!!! I ordered a Philly Cheese steak that was incorrect. I thought that they would just place the same meat on the bun. Instead they grilled me an entirely new sandwich. I am originally from Boca. This place is very classy. LOVE IT!!!!!!
Very enjoyable. Very delicious. Huge portions. This is my first visit but I will definitely return.
Wow! in town looking for a great place to eat & found this on Yelp. We were not disappointed! The place is fantastic. The staff is very friendly and the food is top notch. Everything we ordered was very fresh and delicious. The Greek salad is SO good and the dressing is delicious! So great, I ordered a bottle to take home. We also had the Gyro sandwich and souvlaki sandwich. Both meals were so good we went back for takeout again during our visit. Takeout quality was just as good. Oh, and the baklava is yummy too. Both times we went the place was packed. Good sign!
Had dinner the service is great the place is beautiful Friday and Saturday there's a beautiful belly dancer and the food has the souvlaki it was great the green beans are tasty and the lemon potatoes are great. Try it
Boring "ethnic" Greek food that is as ethnically diverse as an episode of Leave it to Beaver. There are much better Mediterranean choices in West Palm, for example most excellent Aladdin Grill.  For whats it worth - the service was excellent and the pricing was fair.
We had a very nice dinner,  the staff was knowledgable and pleasant.  The portions were enormous.  We could have fed 6 people with our two entrees.  The food was fresh. Our only complaint is that the meats were over salted for our personal taste.  We both enjoyed the belly dancer but were saddened when we were the only folks who gave her a tip.  Shame on those other patrons.  We will definitely go back.
The gyro is really good and comes with a tasty salad for a pretty good price.  I'll definitely return when I'm in the area.
Solid Greek food. Huge portions.
Tasty gyros, dolmades, and sausage. Not really a fan of anything else on the menu. Who likes dry lamb? Not me. Okay Greek food in a pinch.
Very good food with large portions. Have heard great things about flaming cheese appetizer. Must try it the next time. Have had the pasta skillet with sausage and chicken twice. Very tasty! Definitely a keeper!
Incredible food, lively atmosphere. Max the general manager was friendly and attentive as was the waiter. We had tzatziki for an appetizer. The pitas are to die for. I got moussaka and pastitsio for dinner. Delish! The hubby got lamb chops. They were cooked to perfection and very flavorful. The roasted potatoes and green beans were the perfect accompaniments. Portions are large enough for lunch leftovers. Dessert looked too tempting so we got chocolate eclair cake to go. Yum! Call ahead service was convenient. We only waited about 10 minutes upon arrival. We will definitely be back with friends. Highly recommend this restaurant!
The food was great, my wife & I can't wait to go again.
I've tried quite a few Greek restaurants in the South Florida area since I travel throughout that region for work. I had a chicken gyro which was unfortunately very greasy. The salad was just ok. Not as fresh as one would hope. This might make for good hangover food at best. Wouldn't recommend to anyone. :(
