I sat at the bar on my visit. The bartender was Danielle, she was very knowledgable about the menu and have me the bar specials right away! Danielle recommended the prime rib and let me just say that it was absolutely delicious! It was cooked just how I ordered it and came out very quickly ! Overall the staff was friendly and management was always making sure the guest around and myself were enjoying our visit!
Poor service - dirty environment Ordered fish of the day - Salmon Served cold - ugh - broccoli - cold - must have been straight out of A frozen bag Draft beer - mug had residue soap Not pretty If we're not meeting Friends - would have left Never to return!
Great place to catch a sporting event or two or three! Many TVs showing many different events. Service was efficient, but not friendly. Beer selection was extensive. Big menu with a large selection of sandwiches, burgers and deep fried fish, shrimp, onion rings and anything else that can be deep fried. Large portions. Don't ever want to eat another deep fried meal after eating there. It's a better sports bar than a it is restaurant. As a sports bar I would give it 4 stars. As a restaurant I would give it 3 stars.
Keep in mind, I've been coming to the Jensen Beach area since I was a little kid. Miller's Ale House has always been on the list of things to enjoy while in town visiting my grandparents. Out of the many things I've tried on the menu I have never been disappointed. One or two maybe have been just okay, but other than that, it has been rather satisfying. One of my favorite dishes would be the full rack of ribs with extra BBQ sauce. The ribs are always fall off-the-bone tender and the mixture of sweet and tangy for the sauce is great! Although, I have tried many things, I've never tried any of their seafood dishes or burgers. I'm not a fan of those types of foods so maybe read some other reviews on those dishes. Haha! Anyway, I've always enjoyed this estblishment and I'm sure my grandparents and I will keep coming back as long as they're open. :)
Wow...this place used to be great. Not so much anymore. I went there a few days ago with a few friends. I and another person had the French dip that had untoasted bread. They were so soggy (before even hitting the anjou) that they fell apart. The wings were in a bowl if greasy sauce. And the burger was smaller than the untoasted bun by an significant amount. Nothing is as disappointing as a once great restaurant becoming a place you cross off your list.
This place use to be one of my favorites. The bartenders all seem like they do not want to be there and that you are inconveniencing them by being there. The waitresses I have experienced have all been amazing including one who was dealing with a drunk patron saying inappropriate things to her while she took our order. The Big Red is a good choice as well as the steak sandwich. My ultimate favorite is the Zinger Mountain Melt. While I may feel like a nuisance to some employee's the place is not that bad. Just wish it was consistent.
I have to say this place may be better than the last time I went but it's still in the ok range. I got the prime rib French dip and the onions were a bit underdone for my personal taste but the beef was good The atmosphere is nice here though too. There could be a couple of more beers on tap but it's not a bad place to hang out. And for the love of god, don't make a mistake and call horseradish sauce "horsey sauce."  Trust me. They make their own horseradish sauce though btw. My boo said it was pretty good.   Not a bad place to eat and hang out for a typical Saturday night.
Ossobuco, very tender. (Slow Cooked Pork Shoulder) The restaurant was packed. They were running a Lobster special and everyone was ordering the special. Our server was lacking, he really did not do much in the way of checking on us or making us feel welcome. Overall not bad.
Awesome food and drinks. Alex served us at the bar yesterday and was great.
Very friendly staff and good selection of beers. Bar food was good and very reasonably priced. I would definitely go back.
Very disappointed in the lunch I had last Thursday, March 20th at the Ale House.  I had taco mahi and it was embarrassing!  The fish was cooked way to much and the amount was miniscule.  Under performed and over priced.   The establishment should check out Sailor's Return for a proper dish to put out for the public.  I understand why the 15 tv's are there, hopefully you will enjoy your game and forget the low level of the food.  I will not be going back again ever .  Although the rice was decent!
The most delicious lobster ever - a whole one, $12.99 so sweet no butter or lemon needed. Ossoc bucco is awesome. Dessert awesome. LOTS OF BEERS. The fam's favorite place :)
This is one of the decent Ale Houses in this location that makes great, delicious food! I have tried the Stuart and Jensen Beach Ale Houses; the service and food are undesirable but Miller's isn't that bad. It could be we were just lucky this evening or they changed their staff and cooks recently. I got the House Specialty Oriental Chicken; the chicken is marinated in Teriyaki sauce and topped with seared pineapples with a side of baked potato and horse radish coleslaw. I would have preferred mixed greens instead of the potato and the chicken was very moist, soft, and everything was so good! My boyfriend had the lobster which he devoured it in seconds which is an excellent sign because he loves good lobster and it is hard to come by. If it is your first time and you don't know what to order, look for their specials and signature dishes to have a great experience!
I came here with my GF after working the Opening of the Gun Shop across the Street.   There are booths when you walk in and a large bar in the center and tables in the Back.  The Tables seemed to be pretty rowdy with younger people that looked like they came from a Kick-Ball game or Baseball Game?   They have plenty of TV's to watch a game and we sat at the bar so we can order quickly.    She Ordered an Oatmeal Cookie Drink its equal parts Gold Shlager, Irish cream, butterscotch schnapps, and Jägermeister on the Rocks(10$) .. Her BF gets lucky when she has two of them so he was happy when she texted him that she was having that drink with me,  and I ordered a Bud Light  (3$)  We Ordered the Oriental Chicken Teriyaki to split, It came out before we knew it and with an extra Plate ; Marinated Boneless Breast of Chicken, Seared to Perfection and Topped with Fresh Pineapple. Served with a Choice of Potato and Cole Slaw( $9.95) We subbed the Potato for Rice. The dish was waayy too salty and the chicken somehow seemed previously frozen, Not fresh. And the Pineapple was def not fresh but Canned! The Rice was good, Coleslaw was ok. I like Dive Bars but I do expect better Food.   The Bartender was pretty and very nice and efficient she did a great job.
Good standard. Great specials and prices.  Nothing fancy, but not a dive. Hopefully the never ending expansion of the Ale House empire won't make it too corporate or chain like. They have now opened 2 in the Philly area where the owners are originally from. Great prime rib special tues and thurs, not gourmet but more than a deal for an " ale house" Great appetizers...perfect Florida spot to meet up, knock back a few and share some wings etc.
Can't believe that this favorite of ours has a location less than a mile from our new home. YAY !!
I love the food at this particular Ale House.  The Southwest Bistro Steak Salad is delicious.   We always get the zingers to start and the filet and burgers are amazing too.  The price for the maine lobster on Wednesday nights is unbeatable and the prices for beer are amazing! I love the friendly and attentive staff.  We always have a great dinner here because of the staff, the food and the drinks. Great place to hang out and watch a game or have a nice dinner with family. I highly recommend it!
Great place to go for UFC fights. Awesome service. Try the Mountain Melt!
It's no longer the ale house my boyfriend knew growing up, but he wanted to show me a slice of his former Floridian life in the Port St. Lucie area anyway. If you love football more than your wife, I'd like to introduce you to your new best friend: Miller's Ale House. Nearly every game was on in the room and the walls are littered with TVs and signed pictures. I'm not a big sports fan myself, but I had fun watching everyone cheer over a beer or two (as well as watching all the underdogs cream the usual winners). Definitely a decent beer selection - both bottle and on tap - but since we were driving all the way back to Atlanta it didn't make sense to have a drink (sadly). We did nibble on apps as our meal, ranging from fries to conch fritters to spinach dip. The dip and the chips that came with it were great. Chips were fresh and crispy while the dip was greasy but packed with cheese and spinach. Total bar comfort food right there! The conch fritters were okay, but filled with mostly seasonings versus conch. We had these little crab bites that were tangy and spicy, a different appetizer than what is usually found on a combo plate. I enjoyed those as well and they aren't too fishy to boot! Mozzarella sticks are just what you'd expect anywhere - crispy and gooey. The fries covered in cheese, bacon, peppers, and ranch were a favorite of ours... I'm pretty sure the waitress figured that out when the plate (it has to be meant for 4 people with the amount of food on that plate!) was demolished. Happy tummy. Prices on everything isn't that bad either, so I also had one happy wallet.
Burger and prime rib were good but not great. Service was excellent.
My boyfriend and I went into Miller's Ale House for the first time on a Wednesday night.. they were very busy so we stood behind the bar and grab a couple of drinks.   A couple right in front of us left the bartender came over and cleared the area and offered us a seat. We were offered an appetizer of zingers and they were very delicious. They had a lobster special which seemed like a great deal although we  werent in the mood for lobster that night. We shared a steak fajita that cane out sizzling and smelled awesome. Tasted great. We will definatly be back for lobster. Alex and the danielle`s made this a great first experiance. Service was excellant and they were very friendly.
Awesome chilli! Besides that, not that great of a place. Isn't really my type of crowd, but has decent food and a good selection of beers on tap.
Appetizers are great. Service is great. Drinks are expensive.
The food was okay, service was better. But the kicker is that the restaurant is filthy. Sitting in a booth you can smell the stench of dirty floors and looking underneath the table---its gross!  The walls of the booths are dirty too. Looks like they need to bring in a cleaning crew ASAP!
Great food wonderfull staff, the food reasonably priced.
