I recently went here with a friend. Although small inside, it wasn't too crowded and we easily found a table. We both ordered three different beers through out the night. The bar tenders were very friendly and helpful. We also ordered the pretzels and fish dip. Both were awesome! We will definitely be back.
Longneck is a great concept. It's 1/3 bar, 1/3 brew-your-own-beer on the premises, and 1/3 homebrew supply shop. It's filled a great little niche in Stuart. First, there are 20 taps at the bar, and a decent bottle selection. There are usually 17 or 18 craft beers that are in constant rotation, and 2 to 3 beers that the owners of Longneck brew themselves. They have happy hour every weekday which is $1 off draft beers and they have sliders and other bar-type snack foods.  There are two TVs at the bar (usually tuned in to sports), but I typically spend half my time interacting with other patrons at the bar or the owners. In addition to the bar, Longneck allows you to brew your own beer. I haven't done this yet, but I think it's close to a 15gal batch (whereas a normal homebrew is a 5gal batch). They have a bunch of recipes to choose from and will help you throughout the brewing and bottling process. Lastly, there is a wall of homebrew supplies. This is great because the closest homebrew supply store that I'm aware of was down in Lake Worth, so I used to buy everything online. I love this place. The ambiance is very casual and everyone is always so friendly. They have a "mug club" and put events on for mug club members and it's a great social atmosphere. They also recently started a running club on Mondays and Thursdays. I really can't say enough good things about Longneck.
It is good to have a brew house in town. Good service, the owner Bob is very nice. One of the things that caught my attention is that you can make your own beer here. You should definitely try it! They also have appetizers!
Unique Experience of a small Brewery and Scott, the owner will help you, tweet the "Perfect Brew!"
This place is terrible! Bad service, so slow even when not busy! Brought out one drink at a time for a party of four and never came back to see if we wanted anything else. Tried this twice in the last two days...never again! I have lived in Stuart for 20 years...will make sure to tell everyone I know! Don't waste your time or money!
I love Longneck Brew House. I go about twice a month to drink, hang out, play Wednesday night Trivia and yes, I've brewed a batch of beer as well. The owners are chill and very nice. They're obviously real beer enthusiasts and know their stuff. At any given moment they have around 30 different microbrews on tap (including their own home brews) and you can sample them all! I'd recommend that you check them out if you enjoy a relaxed atmosphere and quality beer.
I've finally found a place with good beer!  I have been here twice so far and I love it.  Lots of crafts from around the country to try and the satff is very friendly.  I have yet to try the brew your own beer part but I am looking forward to it soon.
