I have not had a great steak in awhile. He have a condo in Jensen Beach and have not tried this location. My wife and I tried Peters...... This was in the top 5% of fantastic steaks We have ever had. Service was fantastic. I would recommend this place to anyone. At least go there one time for a great meal. Price is higher than average, but the food is not average. Remember you get what you pay for....lynne & david
We are talking about food here, right? Like the best steakhouse in the area and been to quite a few all over the US, including Peter Luger's in Brooklyn. Hubby and I have been going to Peter's for 11 years now and still believe it's one of the best restaurants around. Now, is it time for the German beer mugs to disappear and maybe add more of a traditional steakhouse look? Yes, agreed. But that would not change the quality and preparation of menu items, I hope! Six of us had dinner at Peter's 2 weeks ago. Each ordered the 6 oz center cut filet mignon and shared sides of Peter's hash browns, asparagus, creamed spinach, and fried shoestring onions. Gads, it was delicious. Everything was prepared exactly to requested temp on the filet and sides came out hot and lots of them. For those not in the know, only beer and wine is offered but the wine list is very nice and reasonably priced for the menu. The service was outstanding - there were at least three wait staff members working our table and each was better than the next. Very well trained! Oh, and gravy boats of steakhouse sauce were there for the offering as well. Most had dessert - hubby enjoyed strudel and others pecan pie. Delicious and served with a family style massive bowl of freshly whipped cream. BUT, have to say one of my favorite dishes was Peter's Special Salad. It's a chopped salad with steakhouse sauce, shrimp, applewood smoked bacon, lettuce, and gorgonzola. Awesome. I will find a way to get that recipe because I want more now! There's is no question that menu items are pricey but if I could only go out for dinner in this area once a month, it would be Peter's. BTW, if steak isn't your thing, lobster tails, jumbo lump crabcake, broiled chicken, veal or pork wiener schnitzel, lamb chops or broiled fish of the day (with dill Hollandaise) are on the menu. Lovely food - atmosphere is friendly and Florida casual. If you are going for a special meal and just deserve something for being you, give this a try. You won't be disappointed.  PS: reservations in season a must!
Delicious!! My steak has been cooked perfectly every time. My favorite side is the creamed spinach
A perfect place for a special dinner.  We have never been disappointed. From the time you walk in the door until your last forkful, the service and the food is exceptional. We love the Steak Tartare, which is ground fresh per order.  You can't go wrong with any of the entrees.  The steaks are cooked to perfection and fork tender.  The wine list is very good. Yes, this is one of our favorites for our special nights out.
Loved this place. We shared a steak and each had our own lobster tail -- both delicious. Sides were great too -- we had creamed spinach and the special potatoes. Pls don't pass up their Peter's special salad that has an applewood double-smoked bacon (which was amazing itself), gorgonzola crumbles and shrimp. Save room for the homemade apple strudel with whipped cream, well worth the calories. What was even better than the food was their attentive service and the warmth of the owner who never leaves the dining room. What a host, he was a pleasure. While here for a week on vacation we didn't have 1 meal worth writing about. So glad we found this gem for our last night here. Not cheap, but worth saving up for. We ate up a storm, ending with dessert, and each had a glass of wine - $150. I will be sure to come back when vacationing in Jensen beach again.
My mom and I made a reservation at this restaurant after I received a dinner certificate from Coggin Acura. The decor is very cluttered, it was not pleasant. The chairs were too short for the table (we were asked to sit on pillows to remedy this... ) I'm 5'10". I can't remember the last time I needed a booster seat in a restaurant. Some new chairs would be a smart investment. Also, some new flatware. Except for the steak course, all of the flatware was suuuuper cheap. Bent tines on EVERY fork. It's just little details, but it makes a big difference for the overall experience. Especially when you are about to spend $50++ per person.   The service left A LOT to be desired. Our waitress was brash.  When we had issues with the food, her response was unsympathetically "well we're known for that." It doesn't matter if you're known for it, lady.  If the customer is not happy, the correct response is to apologize and try to remedy the situation.  Service 101.   Sigh. The food. The creamed spinach, I think they forgot the cream and the salt. The baked potato, although it was the size of my head, it was overcooked. Apparently, they are known for baked potatoes with crisp skin. But this skin was beyond crisp, it was burnt! They brought out some rubbery "sauteed" mushrooms to try and replace the terrible spinach. No thanks, didn't eat those either. I will say that the steak itself was good. it was seasoned well, tender, and properly cooked. But that one part of the meal does not make up for the others. Dessert was another disappointment. We ordered the apple streudel. It was hardly sweetened, and I don't like overly sweet desserts. Also, the streudel pastry was not crisp and flaky. It was soft, like it was old and/or microwaved. In other yelp reviews, I see that the owner, Peter, is frequently in the restaurant. He wasn't there on that Sunday. Maybe everyone in the restaurant got a little lazy in his absence? I'm not sure why others have had great experiences and we had a miserable one. It's a shame.
Been here several times, and the food does not disappoint. We always get the same thing: Porterhouse for two, mashed potatoes, mushrooms, and dessert. The steak is heavenly, as are the sides. The pecan pie with home made whipped cream is ridiculous. I dont think anyone ever touted this place to be like Peter Luger's - because it's not. It's a cozy little place with amazing steaks. Period.
A cheesy knock off of Peter Luger's, right down to the lettering on the sign. The interior needs a major over haul, as well as the staff, although attentive, very matronly (I don't appreciate being served by the lunch lady). The steaks were very good, the apps were very good. The meal is expensive, so be ready for that, however it is well worth it. Once they gut the interior and modernize the place it will be top notch.
Always ther best the choice of the rich and famous the whos who of sports eats there , Peter is an artist
The food is very well prepared, our service was excellent thanks to Glen our waiter. But the decor is not in keeping with a high-end steakhouse, as the prices puport the establishment to be.   For appetizers, hubby had the herring and I had the brats. Both were very good.  For dinner, he had the NY strip and I had the petite filet mignon. Side dishes were asparagus and home fries.  Our meal was very good.  Hubby enjoyed his key lime pie, too.  We were disappointed they serve only beer and wine.  Who ever went to a steakhouse where you couldn't get a scotch, a manhattan or a martini?   As for the decor, I want to strip the place and start again.  I felt like I was eating in my Lithuanian grandmother's house.  The lace curtains, tchotchkes, the fake flowers on the table, the mish-mash of art and the cheap cutlery placed with my appetizer are the reasons I did not give this place five stars.. They could do a lot better with the decor and ambiance.  At least a tablecloth, lose the fake flowers and lace curtains, get some decent cutlery, even if you must show the family knick-knacks and outdated calendars on the walls.
Peters was our Valentines evening destination. They did a good job of seating us in a pleasant table with a good view of the restaurant. Service was fast, perhaps a bit too fast as I suspect they were anxious about the crowd. Their wine list was ok, nothing spectacular but reasonable. Don't expect to find big reds on this list. The steaks and lamb chops we ordered were prepared well, the lamb was a bit overdone. The steak was on the money. However Peters has this irritating practice of preslicing your meat for you. I have not had this done since I was 5 and I found it odd given that we were never asked if we would like to chose to have our meat served on the bone. Sides were fine, baked potato was unspectacular as were the optional butter and sour cream. The pecan pie desert was outstanding. Had they left the meat alone and properly prepared our lamb chops we would rate this restaurant with 5 stars, I don't believe Mortons, Lugars, Ruth Chris or any other notable steak house would cut  ones meat without being so requested.
Peter's....yummm....They use "secret" family recipes (from Austria, perhaps). I think they use grape seed oil, but others have their guesses as to what makes their food so good. My suggestions: bottle of Veuve, filets, potatoes, creamed spinach and crab cakes. Finish it off with a glass of Port and some apple strudel with real whipped cream. Peter, the owner, is awesome and won't let you leave until you're stuffed and happy, so tell him if you're not. Also, it's pricey, so don't go here on a budget.
This establishment seems to promote itself as something akin to Peter Luger's in NYC and it is not. Sure, similar menu items, but that is where the similarity ends. The steak is okay, but so overpriced as to be offensive. The ambiance is almost as stark as the Brooklyn establishment. As it turns out, this was my second trip to the restaurant. I went several years ago and forgot about it. I think that says it all. Save your money for a far better experience elsewhere.
You will not be diasappointed. One of the best in the Stuart, Jensen Beach, Palm City, Hobe Sound area.
Ok, but not all I hoped for. The service was decent, but food was overpriced.  If you're looking to drop some money on fine dining go next door to 11 mape st.
This is by far one of the best steak restaurants in Florida. And don't forget that after you enjoy a delicious steak or fabulous seafood there is a wonderful ending with the dessert. We use to go here for special occasions but now its so good we make any excuse possible to go to Peter's Steak House and indulge.
Excellent food and nice ambience.  Can't imagine a better steak. Automatic 20% gratuity unfortunately promotes a very non-professional approach to service with an attitude inconsistent with the other positives.  It is unlikely the service will improve unless/until gratuity is left to the discretion of the diner encouraging staff to EARN their reward. Overall - for good food - excellent!
This was a lovely, delicious dinner!  Every aspect of our experience was excellent.  A couple of our most discriminating friends came along to celebrate my birthday with me.  They were as impressed as I was. We were greeted at the door promptly upon our arrival and were seated immediately.   Our waiter anticipated every need!   With Peter's team of waitstaff, service couldn't have been better.  We didn't have to look around or wait to order.  Even our drinks were refilled as soon as it was necessary. Carl (our waiter) suggested the exact right amount of food for our party.   We had appetizers, steak tartar and escargot, both flavorful and delicious.   We had tomato and onion slices with special sauce and Peter's special salad with shrimp, bacon, onion and special dressing (my very favorite salad in the entire world). The steaks were cooked to perfection, not over or undercooked.  For dessert we had strawberry cobbler, chocolate mousse cake and apple strudel, all  with whipped cream, all homemade.  I can't wait to return!!!
