Amazing! I was a bit skeptical to go at first, as I had had poor dining experiences at the other location on the boulevard. I am very glad my husband talked me into trying this newer location. We went on a Tuesday night, so the main dining room was pretty much empty (that will probably change when Season hits). Our servers Gregorio and Larry were outstanding! We never had to look for them, they were continually checking in with us. As for the food, we couldn't be happier. The recommendation to try the Beggars Purse was perfect! It's a must if this is your first visit! My husband had the 9oz Filet Sinatra Special and said it melted like butter in his mouth. My chicken parm was incredible. The sauce was a very nice light marinara, a generous amount of cheese and the chicken was cooked to perfection. The portion was huge, be prepared to take home half. Dessert (chocolate mousse cake) had us ending on a great note, we will definitely be back!
Overhyped is the best description of this place.  We heard raves from friends and wanted to try it.  Even the restaurant as some swagger. The food is ok. I enjoyed my seafood risotto. It had the right balance of rice to seafood and was properly cooked. The broccoli rabe and sausage appetizer sounded better than it was prepared. The ingredients were the right temperature and texture but it was swimming in olive oil. The lemon torte dessert tasted as if it was frozen. Would I go again? Yes just to have some variety. Would I go out if my way to go? Nope
Tutto Fresco West is a wonderful dining option for anyone near PGA Village. While the physical venue has gone through several restaurants, the folks operating Tutto Fresco clearly know what they are doing. The main dining room has a classic dining ambiance, and the bar and patio areas offer a completely different dining environment which is much more casual. For early bird diners, the restaurant offers a $15.95 special that seems inviting for the price. Our dinner in the main dining room was very good. Service is top notch, if not a bit presumptuous (I don't need the waiter to question my decision not to decant the wine I selected). The level of service was very attentive to all of our needs. The dinner specials were announced and seemed very inviting. The Beggar's Purse appetizer was tasty, as were the fried calamari, although my wife thought the calamari was very bland. I requested a bowl of Arrabbiata for dipping the calamari and the fresh baked garlic rolls, all of which were delicious. The caesar salad was also good, with perfectly prepared croutons. The main courses ranged from veal parmigiana to various fish specials with homemade pasta. All were also very good, but they should be for the price being commanded. Dessert ended with a delicious chocolate creme  brûlée. I will definitely return to Tutto Fresco because it is convenient for a solid Italian meal in a very nice dining room. I can't give it a nod for 5 stars because of the prices levied, as something more than the chocolate brûlée should be the standout of the evening in an Italian restaurant. I think you'll enjoy your meal here and I'd encourage you to try it.
We went there the other night expecting to get a good pizza, as their other location in Martin County has very good pizza. Imagine our surprise when we found out that they do not serve pizza. Can you believe an Italian restaurant that does not serve pizza? What's next, a Mexican restaurant with no tacos?  Save yourself some time and avoid this pseudo Italian restaurant.
This location has gone seriously down hill in the past year. We used to come at least a few times a month then stopped as good started getting worse and worse... Tried it again tonight and it was terrible won't be back
Ordered a Mojito which was undrinkable. Not sweet at all. They re made it and the second was fine. The pear and goat cheese salad was decent. The papardelle bolognase was good not great. It was more tomato than meat. Pasta was fresh. Service was a bit slow.i would probably give them another try.
We were sorry to have followed the previous reviews. The service was terrible, the Bolognese sauce was very salty, it took 3 requests from 3different people to get some cheese. To top it off, they overcharged us for a salad. Carrabas was better.
So we went there again last night- just for drinks and appetizers. This time- the service was outstanding!!!! Mike was awesome. The special app (pear/goat cheese ravioli) was to die for! The calamari, again, mediocre. Drinks a bit expensive. It's a shame how "hit-or-miss" this place is!
All considered...outstanding! Arrived in town for a late lunch and my son wanted pasta, so we searched for the closest Italian restaurant to our hotel. It was raining and the place was empty at 2:30PM on a Thursday. At this point I really wasn't expecting much, but as I read the menu and preparation comments I became somewhat interested. San Marzano tomatoes ONLY in their sauces, handmade pear/goat cheese ravioli...mmm. As an Italian American I rarely order basic pasta or risotto dishes at a restaurant; the best come from the kitchen in my house or one of my family members kitchens. Intrigued, I ordered spaghetti with their giant meatball with marinara sauce. I can't recall ever ordering spaghetti and meatballs at a restaurant. My son ordered the same. The pasta was perfectly cooked al dente, the sauce - also near perfect, the meatball very good but my wife's are better. I don't believe using 18 month aged Parmagiano Reggiano scales well in a family Italian restaurant. Excellent attentive service for our table, too. I realize our experience is a very small sample size, but I would highly recommend this restaurant based on my initial visit. Il Mulino in the West Village in NYC it's not, but very very very good and I'm never impressed by Italian restaurants outside of Italy, New York City, or Chicago! Nonetheless south of the Mason Dixon!!!
I have previously had 2 great experiences at this Tutto Fresco, last year. But when I went there the other night my experience was not good. Our server was great but then we didn't see him for 45 mins after we got our first round of drinks and ordered. We had to ask the bus boy for drink refills and bread. Our food came out after 1 hour and all we had were pasta dishes. We spoke to the manager and were given free dessert, but we were the only party sitting inside the bar area and felt completely forgotten. I don't think I will be going back or recommending this place anymore.
Very nice setting for the outdoor patio and bar!  Food has been very good both times I've been in, but the service is hit or miss - doesn't seem to be much of a service "culture" coming down from the top. Still worth checking out
This is my fiancé and myself's favorite restaurant in town. The beggars purse is probably one of my favorite pasta dishes out there, however, all of their pasta dishes are excellent. I would recommend this place to anyone to check out.
Can't go wrong here ~ the food is delicious! The carrot cake is the best I have ever had.
Food is excellent.  Large portions, great selection on menu.  The complementary bread they serve is the best I've ever had! Also love the atmosphere- we like to eat outside on the patio when we go.  Favorites so far are the alfredo, capellini positano, and the kahlua cake!
The dining room is a little noisy, but it was full of people clearly having a great meal and a good time! My husband & I celebrated our 3rd anniversary here last night. The wine was very good, the wait staff was speedy and accurate, the owners were onsite and said hello, the food was delicious. I even got to enjoy my leftovers for lunch at work today! Next time I visit, I'll be sure to skip lunch and save some room for dessert! My only "eh" was the valet parking. Not sure it's a real value-added service, but maybe that's just me.
Spent my Birthday at the beautiful outdoor bar. This place is a sweet oasis. Nice enough in the summer, but can't wait to go back in the winter to see the fire pits lit. Our bartender, Jesse, went out of his way to make the evening memorable. Appetizers were excellent. The indoor space is very nice also. Plenty of room for a private party venue.
This is my second review for this restaurant.  My husband and I brought my daughter, son and law and his dad who was from out of town. Sat outside and had a couple happy hour drinks. Decided to stay for dinner and we are glad we did. I ordered  the  filet special and it was wonderful. Even the brussel sprouts were good. My husband had the fish special which he claims was so fresh and tasty. My daughter ordered the lobster and filet special. When delivered the waitress told her they where our of the filet for that special and substituted a strip steak. She told the waitress she didn't want that and she quickly took it away. The manager came over immediately and apologized and assured us it would be right out. They gave her a regular size filet with lobster at no extra charge. Her dinner was great and filet cooked perfect!!  Our other guests also enjoyed there dinner. My first review was good but we were not happy with apps. Service was great and atmosphere very warm. Will return again and want to thank our waitress for a wonderful dining experience. I sure wish they would add to the apps menu,  maybe a bar pizza or fruit and cheese plate.
We love the new Tutto Fresco!! The atmosphere is great - especially the outdoor area with couches & fire pits. The food is always fantastic. And what's even better is the service!! Everyone is so friendly & hard-working. A special thank you to our favorite bartender, Richard, and our waiter extraordinaire JW - they are the best!!  Don't miss it!!
