I went here about a year ago, and I'm still thinking about the bad meal I received, so I felt obligated to review it I arrived for lunch on a Saturday.  It was fairly slow, but it was about 1:30 PM, which is somewhat understandable for summer in this area.  I was excited as I love smokehouse cooking, and do it myself regularly.  I asked the very friendly wait and bar staff about suggestions, and decided on the smoked brisket, one of my all time favorites.  There were the standard smokehouse warnings on the menu (pink meat means it is smoked, but fully cooked, etc), so I was excited about the prospects of a great smokehouse meal in Ft. Pierce. What I received was disappointing, to say the least.  I received a pile of shredded gray beef with odd looking sides.  The beef was absolutely not smoked.  There was no smoke ring, no bark and absolutely no smoked flavor.  It was simply oven cooked beef, most likely braised in a pan with aluminum foil covering it.  The flavor was incredibly bland and very disappointing.  I ordered sweet potato fries and green beans as a side.  The beans were straight out of a can, and the sweep potato fries appeared to be covered in Parmesan cheese.  Odd, to say the least.  Unfortunately, it was actually a very generous dose of powdered sugar.  This was extremely unappetizing.  I can't imagine anyone enjoying candied sweet potato fries with BBQ,; it was just weird. A manager asked how my meal was.  I asked her if she wanted the truth.  She said yes, so I politely told here the truth and that I was insulted that this restaurant thought patrons were stupid enough to not know that they were not smoking anything.  To boot, there was no aroma of smoke or visual verification of the same outside, which should have been a first sign. Needless to say, I will never go back.  I get the impression that it is a beer hall more than anything else.
We eat here all the time. This place is like home. We go from the horse farm straight here without having to change out clothing. Food is nice sized portions for a good price. We never leave here hungry. I love the drinks coming in large mason jars. Rarely have to ask for refills. We will continue to eat here since the staff becomes familiar with repeat customers and makes us always feel welcome. Parking lot is very large and usually close to being full.
This place is doing great things. The main fare is steaks and BBQ. They also specialize in massive baked potatoes with a variety of toppings. I had the brisket platter. It was tender and smoky and went well with their smoky BBQ sauce. I got the mac n cheese and waffle fries as my sides, both of which were good. The portions were healthy and everything came out just right. I brought clients to lunch here and they were all happy with their selections as well. I will definitely be stopping by again next time I'm in town.
Good steak, don't order the salmon they over cook it and dry.
When this restaurant first opened up I found heaven.  Everything was really good. Now that it's been open for some time it seems that all the QUALITY of the food has gone out the door.  Almost EVERYTHING is greasy!
Great food & atmosphere!
Very good BarBQ, especially the pulled pork. Garbage fries with Brisket is pretty special too. Also a favorite hangout of Miguel Cabrera of the Detroit Tigers.
Great BBQ...Service wasnt bad either
Been going here since it opened and sad to say the food has gone down however the waitress have not (eye candy yet a few could lose some weight). When they first opened the food was great however has gone down in quality yet still better than Dale's or Sonny's BBQ.  I still go there as the choices are not great.
We went to this place on the recommendation of our hotel desk clerk.  The atmosphere was cowboy bar.  I ordered a half slab of baby back ribs for $11.99.  The waitress said the full slab was on special for $9.99, so my husband and I decided to split the full slab.  My husband ordered a bourbon and water, which was pretty much all water, very little bourbon.  When he mentioned this to the waitress, she told the manager who courteously brought him another shot of bourbon.  Our ribs came, the baked potato was awesome, the ribs had good flavor, although a little too fatty for my taste.  We splurged on the fried cheesecake for dessert.  At this point, I was ready to give this place 3 stars.  Nice people, food OK.  Things went downhill from here.  We got the check, my husband signed for it, and I asked how much it came to.  I was amazed to see our ribs cost $18.99, not $9.99 as promised by the waitress.  She made some excuse that when she was putting in the numbers, she had a blood pressure attack and got spots before her eyes and couldn't see the numbers on the register.  She left, went back to the register and returned to us telling us that it was totally her fault, that the special was tomorrow and not today.  She did not offer to amend our bill, but offered to have us speak to the manager.  Having already spoken to the manager earlier, we opted not to press the issue.  I'm disappointed that the waitress did not amend the bill on her own, as this was totally her fault.
Saw the billboard on FL Turnpike while traveling Orlando to Fort Lauderdale and in the mood for ribs a Saturday at 5.  I was not disappointed. The sauce selections were tasty and the baby back ribs were meaty and literally "fell off the bone". Got home and read the yelp reviews to find not too many favorable yet that was not my experience. I'll be back not only for the ribs but the candied crusted pecan bread pudding which was too big so packed up 1/2 for a tasty treat the next day.
I'll give this restaurant one star because I can't get any lower. Can you say awful?  Simply awful BBQ.  We started with the Garlic Parmesan Wings.  While hot and crispy they never met garlic or Parmesan beforenthey were served.  Then came the most horrible thing that I have ever encountered in a BBQ joint.  St. Louis style ribs that seemed to me to have been boiled at one point during the cooking process.  They were tough, tasteless and covered with a disgustingly sweet BBQ sauce.  There was clearly never a thought of carmelizing anything.  I ate two ribs and left the rest of the large rack behind.  I even paid for them because my comment would have been so awful that I was too embarrassed to share them with management.  As I said earlier, simply awful. Green beans were way overcooked and the beer selection shows no imagination whatsoever.  The collard greens were good.  The only good thing that I encountered.  Take my advice...stay away from this one!
I have visited this restaurant a few times.  Initially, I was impressed by the quality, but the last couple of times I was disappointed by the experience.  My wife had sliders aka small burgers.  Not much can go wrong there.  I had the St Louis ribs which are supposed to be more meaty and moister than others.  The rack of ribs I has was tough,  tasteless, and not particularly meaty.  This was the second time I chanced the ribs, and there will not be a third time.  I used a discount coupon for the dinner, so I wasn't out much money, but even at half price I will not be back.  I can't speak for the steaks, but they are kind of pricey, and would not take a chance.
I love this place!  My favorites are the pulled pork, garbage fries, and ranch chipotle wings.
Second time I have eaten here and the steak is awesome!!!! Atmosphere is amazing and the wait stafg is awesome!!!
After long week I showed up at 8:00pm and sat at bar.   Bartender never acknowledged me. Even sat directly in front of cash register and she still ignored me even though I had entire side of bar to myself.   After about 5-10 minutes I left.   Have no idea if good is any good but I refused to give my money to them after being ignored.
The blackened mahi mahi is really good, they have a great house salad!!  Their sweet potatoes are good, just wish they were a little bigger! Otherwise a nice place to enjoy a meal!
Really good steak--I had the ribeye medium rare and it was very tender and flavorful. According to the menu, it's local beef and it is aged right by someone which makes a big difference IMO. Had the onion rings and green beans as my sides and they were also good as was the margarita. Husband had he fried turkey tenders and he liked them as well. Not crowded on a Tuesday night at all, too empty in fact, but this area hasn't had the economy recover yet. Really nice staff, attentive but not hovering despite lack of customers.
I came in town to visit some relatives and Cowboys was recommended for its steaks. There was 7 of us but the place was kind of empty at 630. We sat immediately and order appetizers.  They came quick then we ordered food. 50 minutes later are food arrived and my steak, baked potato and okra were cold. I sent it back to wait another 15 min. I was done. Awful service, good cold and no one really seem to care otherwise.
I hate giving low ratings but for the price we paid at a non chain we expected a little bit better quality. My family and I went here from a recommendation of a hotel clerk. We were disappointed with the prime rib my dad got it was under cooked and un seasoned. My brisket was dry and flavorless. The sirloin was super chewy and again no flavor. The portions were small. Though the place has a great feel and is artfully decorated the meat was very low grade not cooked very well. Were from Jacksonville and even meat at local or chains is much better quality. Idk if were picky or high maintenance but I would not recommend this restaurant.
Reminds of a Texas Roadhouse by the looks on the outside. I drove in for lunch and short of the peanuts it was fairly similar to a Texas Roadhouse. The lunch special was Shrimp and 1/2 a rack of ribs, plus a side..... I went with broccoli. drinks come in a nice big Mason Jar, which I would love to have for my beer mug collection. The shrimp was perfect, the ribs were a bot on the dry side, but tasty nevertheless. The broccoli was middle of the road. The servers and waitstaff were spot on, they kept our glasses full and delivered the food hot.
Cowboy's is OK.  You can tell from the thought that went into the concept that they WANT the food to be good.  Whether it is always executed that way is a different story.  The first couple times I went here, I liked it more than I like it now.  Having tried more items, it is easy to see that the food is inconsistent.  Burgers come out overcooked, bbq meat is not that tender, green beans are frighteningly bad and bland.  It is acceptable for some people, but I wont be wasting much more money here. What really bothered me the most were the desserts.  The 'award winning' apple pie tasted like something you get out of the freezer case at the grocery store.  And the peach cobbler tasted just as mediocre, and I think it had one peach slice under the previously frozen cobbler.  Had to send it back, it was so pathetic. I like the idea of this place, and I really enjoy the Saturday night trivia, but the food needs some work.  If I had to take a guess at the problem, I would say that the kitchen staff is underpaid and/or undertrained. With a little more attention to detail, Cowboys could be areally fun place to eat.
Awesome place - I always have enjoyed Cowboys - the Cowboy egg roll is delicious. Ft Pierce is not the Cuisine mecca by no means, so don;t plan on finding a fancy restaurant here - with Cowboys it is conveniently located by I-95 and not far East from the Florida Turnpike, So if you're traveling through it's a safe bet. Stay away on Ladies night which is Thursdays - you won't get in. Their all you can eat ribs are very good! You can't go wrong with this place - most important, it's clean!
Whoa, boy! This was the worse bbq I've had in a very long time. The beef brisket was nothing more than stewed chuck roast. It was wet, mealy and had no smokey flavor. Ordered a sweet potato and green beans as a side - beans were canned and the potato tiny. My wife ordered the pulled pork with corn and a baked potato. Pork was only ok - the baked was served cold. Both portions were quite small. Overall, all I can say was that the sweet tea was pretty good. I will never give this place another chance.
Dinner Jun 7  Hate giving money to chains, so I thought I would try this local place.  So instead of my normal long winded critiques, I am just going to give you all the high's and lows of this restaurant.          THE HIGH's  - Not your normal run of the mill menu.  They have unique and different items!  - The BBQ Eggroll Appetizer. Very tasty and I loved the dipping sauce.  - Onion Rings.  Very good breading and different from most.  - The fried corn on the cob side.  Really liked it.  - The prices were very reasonable  - Big old mason jars to put drinks in, few refill trips for waitress!  - $4.50 for a handmade sundae?  love the candied pecans - great value.  - Serving sizes were generally larger than normal  - Variety of sauces for meat -- better than Sonny's choices.           THE LOW's  - The meats weren't good, they were actually quit awful.  - Brisket ?  was that really brisket even?  - The BBQ Chicken was more like crow (very small) and tasteless & dry  - The St Louis Style Ribs - tasted old and the glaze was super sweet  - The Pulled Pork had bark on it, which is good, but was very flavorless   I wasn't expecting mind blowing BBQ, so I really wasn't disappointed.  So please don't go there expecting to get top quality smoked meats.  But, if your looking for value, variety and some tasty apps and sides, this place isn't so bad.
We went on a Thursday night, BAD night to go, turned out to be ladies night at the bar.  We just wanted dinner.  Being from out-of-town, it was Applebee's or Cowboy's, so Cowboy's it was, since I wanted steak.  The service was friendly and adequate.  The food, not impressed.  We both had ribeye's, medium rare, it was not medium rare.  Would have sent it back but the waiter didn't come around.  When we are back in the area (which I am about 3x a month) I won't be back.  Price was average for a steak restaurant but the food wasn't worth it.
Their fried green tomatoes are some of the best around, and they make a great brisket sandwich. UPDATE - Last time we went, they said their fried green tomatoes were discontinued.  Oh well, still great food.
Pulled chicken and pulled pork were both very tasty. Service was very quick. Only knock was portion size on pork sandwich was quite small.
This was a major disappointment.  I ordered baby back ribs with sweet potato fries.  The food arrived, and it didn't look too appetizing.  The fries were stone cold, and had been sitting out so long that they were stuck all together into one big mess.  The ribs were only barely warm, they were dried out and mealy.  I sent this mess back to the kitchen.  I didn't want to reorder that, so I tried the prime rib, with some broccoli.  I thought, what could they possibly do to that? The piece of prime rib that they send out was the worst looking piece of meat that I have ever been served in a restaurant.  A full third of the piece they brought me was just a solid slab of lard.  By the time I trimmed the steak so that I could eat it, fully half of it was gone.  The piece I was left with was about the size of a silver dollar pancake.  That didn't seem like a good value for 15.99.  I was able to eat the part that was left, but it was only edible - no better. The half slice of Garlic toast that they sent out to me looked like it had been bitten, so I didn't touch it. I have NEVER had such a negative dining experience in my life. The waitress was very good, and the manager did try to make it right by offering to pay for the meal.  But I will not waste my time or money in this place ever again. The atmosphere was okay if you like cowboy kitch.  It is probably a good place to drink lots of beer (which all the other diners seemed to be doing) it was rather loud and rowdy, but if you care about food quality do yourself a favor and give this place a wide berth.
