Another wonderful meal at Mingje. My wife, my daughter and I stopped in for our 23 anniversary dinner. Service and food were both top notch. Dinner for the 3 of us ( 1 beer, 1 sangria and 3 entrees with 2 deserts) came to $ 120. Not to bad for a special occasion at all. I would like to add that my Korean born wife considers this one of her favorite places at which to dine.
Summary- Great food (from what I had so far) in a cool atmosphere with great service. Food- 5 Stars The zucchini bacon fritters were awesome, like veggy bacon crabcakes or something. The Mussels and Calamari in a hot marinara was also excellent. The tacos I loved but they were large and it made them tough to eat even remotely gracefully. Service- 4 Stars Our waitress was great. Drinks- 4 Stars The Mingleade was pretty darn good and their beer selection was good too. Atmosphere- 3 Stars I really liked the inside here, but when we arrived it smelled strongly of disinfectant/chlorine or something. Value- 4 Stars Very good food at good prices.
I ate here tonight based on the Yelp reviews and interesting menu.  I love Korean food and was intrigued by the upscale fusion elements. My wife and I ordered 3 dishes. All were from the specials board. We started with clam and kimchee fritters with a horseradish sauce. The flavors were terrific and I loved the sauce with the perfectly spicy fritters. These were actually large 5-6" pancakes. The downer was that they came out in literally a pool of oil.  It coated the entirety of the bottom of the dish in a deep layer. I've never seen the likes of this.  Fried food isn't really about healthy but seriously, oil is not good food. I ordered duck breast with an apple glaze. It was an entire breast. It came out well done. I overheard another server describe it prepared medium as it should be. This was overcooked. I loved the flavor profiles. It was served with Korean sweet potatoes which were delicious and matchstick cut carrot, squash and peppers. These were under seasoned and VERY oily. I couldn't eat them. Duck is rich, the potatoes were rich so you should go for balance and accompany with something light, maybe crisp with some acid. $34. It was too much food as well. Cut the portion and price. My wife ordered the meat lovers bokkum special. This looked like bulgogi to me basically with some kimchee. I never order this kind of dish anymore because they always come out floating in an inch of oil and this isn't an exception.  $34 and it was definitely enough for two people. I thought it was good but a little salty for me. Good flavor profiles. I shared some of my constructive comments with our server and he was really great to bring out one of their desert menu items. Chocolate mousse with Chambord and whipped cream. I wish he wouldn't have.  It was the most sickly sweet desert I've had in a long time. It had way too much Chambord and way too much sugar. This was a shame. Make a ganache with quality chocolate and add enough Chambord so that it complements in the background. Fold in whipped cream. Top with VERY lightly sweetened whipped cream. Simple. I left with this thought about balance. Balance of flavors, textures, richness.
I have eaten here more times than I can count. It is literally around the corner and I couldn't ask for a better spot to live by and be able to frequent regularly. A few tips if I may: The kimchi fries are redonkulous. That's right, redonkulous. I can't put into words adequately how crunchy, spicy, smoky, cheesy and meaty they are. You just have to peep them for yourself. They are like a winter night snowed in with no work the next day accompanied by RuPauls Drag Race and lots of hot chocolate and marijuana.  They are that good. The Korean tacos slam. I generally get one with chicken and one with beef. Best of both worlds. And they definitely don't skimp on the meat. Happy hour specials rule. $5 plates of apps at the bar. The shrimp pancakes and yakimandu are excellent and the above tacos are available as well. Service is generally really good, but especially good if you sit at the bar.   The back bar area is really cool. Repurposed barn from Schoharie or Schodack. Some place that starts with a S. It's a nice talking piece if you are out with people who have never been here. Tables made of cross sections of trees. Pretty cool. Caldo verde soup is a must on a cold day. Jose the manager//co owner is really personable and cool. Told me how to hang my pot rack including detailed drawings and does a lot of charity work. Last year this time they donated all proceeds one night to the AIDS council. I don't know about you but I can totally get behind a business like that. They also use local organic produce and get fish and meat from local sustainable sources. Cheese from their neighbor the cheese traveler.  Again, I love that and feel good about supporting a business that puts those kind of ideals in practice. I do however have some very minor gripes mainly regarding the spice quotient. I LOVE heat but they take it too far sometimes. For instance they occasionally add excessive heat to things that really have no business being spicy, like New England clam chowder. The jerk wings are really good but every so often they are over the top spicy. If I can't eat them it's OD. And I find that happens once every 5-7 orders. The blue cheese they serve is spectacular so I generally throw caution to the wind and cross my fingers. Definitely a cool spot with great food and solid service. And a parking lot if you don't live around the corner.
Had a lovely dinner with my son here tonight. He likes spicy food and was happy with the choices. Korean tacos!? He loved them. I, on the other hand, cannot eat such things and our waiter did not lie. He recommended a dish that was savory and satisfying. My dessert was a fruit parfait made with whipped cream. All good. This place seems to have done something to fix the noise level, which was memorable in past incarnations. Nice atmosphere altogether and good service on a Wednesday evening.
Tasty Korean food. Salad looked good. A tad expensive but good. Servers are very good.
Overall I feel like this place is a little overpriced for the experience and the food.  The atmosphere was nice, especially around the bar, but we ended up getting seated right by the kitchen and the restrooms.   Given that I am on a strict gluten-free diet, the gluten-free menu was a real treat.  It was nice not to have to worry too much about food contamination, making for a relaxing evening that can be hard to find when you have a special diet.  So thank you Mingle for that! That said, the food really was only sub par, especially compared to our favorite restaurant on Delaware, World Bistro, which has similar pricing.  We don't plan to come back unless just to have a drink at the bar.
Another enjoyable evening at Mingle as a last-minute option to entertain a college friend in town from New Haven to catch the McCartney concert.  Tonight we both had the always-reliable paella and split the shrimp and vegetable pancakes.  Consistency is definitely a strong point here.  Prompt, friendly, and attentive service accommodated our time considerations so well that we were able to enjoy an extra round of beers before my guest had to leave to catch the show.  The restaurant's exterior is undergoing a minor facelift with some brighter colors and and impressive murals, but the comfortable, softy-lit interior retains warmth and intimacy.
I recently went there again and ordered tacos for appetizer and tofu burger for my entree. While the apple kimchee in the taco was amazing, the taco itself was not fresh at all. The tofu in the burger had no seasoning at all, and was just shallow fried. It had great potential if seasoned well, grilled with korean bbq sauce, which would have gone great with the cucumber kimchi it had in it. All in all, I think Mingle is a hit or miss, be it the food or the service.
Great place to dine at me and my wife love it! Being a chef I just don't eat at any place I've enjoyed my food here all except once! I ordered the duck and it was drowned in sauce I like a nice crispy duck! Flavor was there but this dish wasn't for me
2.5 stars. Perhaps we came with a different purpose than most diners, but a friend and I sought some traditional (and hopefully) authentic Korean fare as opposed to creative Asian fusion dishes with hints of Korean flavors. We were well aware of the high prices for Korean staples like bibimbap, dubokki, chap chae, kimchi jigae, etc. (Mingle's prices are about 3X that of what you will find at any Korean restaurant in Southern California), but having been deprived of such simple Korean dishes, we willingly came to Mingle. We started dinner with the Korean shrimp and vegetable pancakes, which came served with a side of slightly sweet and vinegared soy sauce. The pancake was a flour mixture with bits of green onion and shrimp, pan fried to a crisp on the outside. The flavors were enjoyable, although a deviation from the traditional Korean pancake, which is usually filled with a greater of variety of seafood, including squid, and a heartier compilation of vegetables like carrots and zucchini. It's not extremely fried, but instead retains more moisture and chewiness. The pancakes at Mingle were definitely different, but we still enjoyed them nonetheless. My friend opted for the bibimbap, a pot full of rice that gains a crispness to it from the heat emanating from the stone bowl, topped with soy bean sprouts, kimchi, as well as other green vegetables, tofu (she wanted chicken but was fine with the mix up), and a sunny side up egg. Paying $22 for the bibimbap was a little disappointing for her as the flavors were familiar but they lacked depth. I had the kimchi jigae, which came with an incredibly spicy broth. It was initially an unpleasant surprise but became somewhat more tolerable as my tongue and lips became numb. I was definitely caught off guard (I was never asked what spice level I wanted), and even then, I wasn't too concerned as I really enjoy spicy food. This stew was beyond hot, perhaps in the extra extra spicy level, which I felt that the server should have mentioned. Aside from the pure heat from the dish, the kimchi jigae had a paucity of ingredients including only tofu, kimchi, and green onion, with a side of (more) cold kimchi. Some other vegetable (or even an egg) would have made the stew more interesting. All in all, I wouldn't recommend the traditional Korean fare. I can't speak on the Asian fusion dishes, but that seems to be the safer choice in this case. And of course, beware of the heat in your food!
Such a great place! Friends and I went for dinner on a Tuesday and it was pretty full! Everyone was so friendly and accommodating. Having a gluten free menu is HUGE! It was so nice to go out and not have to worry about any dietary restrictions. Our server was very knowledgable and had great suggestions. We all ate the chap chae... It was amazing. The sweet potato noodles had the consistency of regular noodles so we felt like we were cheating but everything was paleo approved! We has a great time. I'll be back for sure!
SU-PIE-CEE! Spicy! Mingle has definitely won my taste buds with it's on-par Korean dishes that are full of flavor with the backdrop of a venue that reminds me of the Hell's Kitchen area of NYC. The service was great, the drinks were good, and the food was delish. Wish I would've 'discovered' this earlier!
Better second time around. Service much improved as well as entrees. Would recommend it. Fun place to hang out.
--My 100th Review!!-- Overly friendly staff and great food; the price left a slightly bad taste in my mouth though. I've definitely had the same food (Korean) for much less, but read on, you be the judge. (Check my pics for the Receipt). After a very minor 'so can i get a reservation for 3 people at 7pm or not??' shuffle with the hostess on the phone led to her boss taking over and 'peciling me in' . We arrived early and had to wait about 10 minutes, sat in the back room for dinner (Much quieter then the front). The place was very nice, and modern. The table was literally made out of a sold piece of a tree. The room was decorated with re-purposed wood from a farm looking building. How do i know? The owner was nice enough to speak to use for a minute and their were pictures of the old building all around. Cool look all around The waiter, Trevor, was very nice and helpful. He did slow down towards the end. It took a bit of time to get the check and pay for everything. BTW the waitress remembered my name when we left (it's the little things). Oh yea, this is a review on food right? Moving right along. Got the Cheese Platter, Eggplant Caponata and Yaki-Mandu (Fried Dumplings) for an Appetizer. All at $10 or more. OK portions and good taste. If i had to make a criticism it is to give more bread with the Eggplant as it is a very moist dish. I ordered the Chief Special, the Kimchi Bokkeum. I didn't know the price while i was eating but thinking 'eh this must be a $15 dish'. BAM, $30 bones! Wayy to expensive!  It contained beef, chicken and pork belly. The size wasn't huge and the beef wasn't very tender. Don't get me wrong, it was good, just not $30 good. Hard criticism, so why a 4? Why not a 3 or 2? This place was solid overall, no bad food, no major hiccups and although price is a big factor, i try not to worry about it too much when judging a place. The staff appeared happy and the owner proud but humble.
If it wasn't for your awesome Korean tacos and decadent pork belly/kimchi mac and cheese, I would give you two stars for the rediculous prices you charge for basic Korean fare. That being said, I'll be back.
Americanized korean dish? I thought it worked out nicely! Other dishes were also very good. Thumbs up!
The kimchi jjigae was a disappointment. The portion was too small, for one thing... who wants to run out of jjigae before your craving is satisfied? One-dimensional flavor. No raw egg. No banchan. And the side of "sticky rice" is simply what you'd get out of a rice cooker. On the basis of this dish, plus the extremely leisurely service, three stars would be generous. However. My app of Korean tacos was exactly what fusion cooking is all about. Succulent morsels of grilled bulkogi beef, shreds of green onion and sticks of radish, enfolded in a creamy yogurt/gochujang sauce and sitting on an astringent corn tortilla. (Attention Cap District restauranteurs:  Chinese/Thai/Korean/Japanese cuisine on the same menu is NOT fusion cooking. The culinary term for that is "hedging your bets".) And, the yakimundi fried dumplings, a smoky chap jae and even humble dukbokki rice cake sticks ordered by my fellow diners were all excellent and I was grateful I got a taste. So I had a four-star meal, even with my three-star choice.
If I could give Mingle six stars I would. The overall reason for that is that Mingle embraces so many of the concepts that I love in a restaurant. Finding just a few of them would make me happy but this place scores on all of them. Let me spell them out. 1. Bold flavors and bold textures. This is creative, adventurous dining with a few comfort foods thrown in. An entrée of salmon, perfectly cooked was rubbed with spices and would have been great right there but topping it with a crabmeat mustard cream sauce made  it  spectacular. The sides of rice and veg were a delight as well. Jerk shrimp added to a caeser salad had just the right amount of kick. Portuguese clams in a white wine broth were elevated with just the right zing from jalapenos. In all cases the seasoning was correct, far from bland but never overpowering. 2. Vivid colors, great plate presentation. This counts for more than people might think. 3. Ample portions. This is real food, not molecular gastronomy. 4. Great craft beer selection. Diverse choices, imported and domestic, draft and bottle. There is something for every taste. The bottles are not over chilled. That's a good thing. 5. Very attentive service. The dining room is a rectangle and servers are spread around rather than "section by section" And they help each other out. This means there is always someone in reach if you need something. 6. Decent sound level. The owners smartly added carpeting, curtains and tablecloths to soften the sound in what used to be a noisy space. 7. The dining room is warm. It is so nice to come in out of the cold weather to a warm dining room. Business owners who want to save money by turning down the thermostat can do so without me as a customer. 8. Chef-owner operation. And a family operation to boot. Jose and his chef mom run the place. Jose helps in the kitchen when needed or is out on the floor. Jose is totally devoted to customer satisfaction and his customers know and appreciate it. The entire staff follows his lead. 9. The prices for all of this are reasonable. The bottom line is that eating here is a very, very happy experience.
My boyfriend and I went to Mingle for our anniversary this past week. We had a great time. Immediately upon arrival the hostess opened the door for us and greeted us - never before have I been to a restaurant where the hostess doesn't just stand behind a wooden desk. Then we were seated and our waiter, Trevor, came over to welcome us. We were looking at the vegetarian and vegan menu, told us about some specials that would could have (we don't eat fish), and he asked what we would like to drink. I asked what paired well with the jambalaya, both white and red. He asked the head chef because he said she has impeccable taste, and he was right. I got the Torrontes and it was phenomenal. We started with the cheese plate and we loved it! Shushan Snow cheese was on that list and it is one of our new favorite cheeses. So delicious, and all of the cheeses are supplied from the neighboring Cheese Traveller. We took our time with our appetizer and Trevor was attentive to that. Then we were ready for our main courses. My entree was amazing, and the portion was huge! My boyfriend got the Bibimbap and he said it was one of the best things he ever tasted. Towards the end of our meal we got the chocolate mousse to split, and my boyfriend again said that this was maybe one of the best things he has ever tasted. The raspberry chambord mixed with the chocolate mousse and whipped cream on top was the perfect end to an amazing experience. Service was excellent and most importantly the price! We got two glasses of wine, one appetizer, two large entrees and a dessert for about $85. Can't go wrong. We will be returning soon!
My wife and I dined here last night before going to see a movie. She had been here once before and enjoyed it quite a bit. I really didn't know anything about this place other than my wife liked it. We were seated right under the specials board where I noted the restaurant's tag-line: "Mixed, Blended, United." This slogan really does a good job of encompassing what the food is like at Mingle. The menu focuses on the fusion of Korean, Italian and Cajun cuisine, which is not something I've personally experienced. The results were very interesting. Our server was great, very attentive the whole evening and quickly asked us about drinks. I noticed they had quite a few interesting beers on tap and bottled. I am not a huge beer drinker, but it's always nice to try something new. The menu isn't huge but we had a hard time picking what to order. In the meantime we ordered the Calamari "Fra Diablo," which was pretty good. My wife commented that the Calamari was a bit rubbery, but it didn't really bother me. It came in one of the most delicious and spicy marinara's I've ever had. The only downside to this appetizer is it could've easily been an entree - the portion was huge and could've easily fed 5-6 diners. For our entrees I ordered the Chicken and Chorizo Creole, and my wife the Chicken Valdostana. My "Creole" was an interesting combination of ingredients obviously inspired by both Korean and Cajun cuisines. The dish came with a really wonderful cream-based sauce which almost tasted like a curry with the smoky flavor of the sausage and sweet of the coconut milk. The only problems I had with this dish were that the mushrooms had no place texture-wise here. They were rubbery while all the other veggies were crisp-tender. Another thing I found really weird was the "chorizo," which I am 99% sure was in fact Polish Kielbasa. Now, don't get me wrong - I love just about any kind of smoked sausage, but I am not sure why they called this chorizo when it was pretty obviously not? I guess it could be "Polish Chorizo." That being said, the flavors from the sausage were still where they needed to be. I tried a bit of my wife's dish and it was also really delicious, although it seems a little less fusiony, and more traditional Italian. My wife raved about the raspberry-chocolate-mousse dessert, I am not a huge dessert fan, so I can't really comment. I guess my one major gripe was when the bill came. I really don't understand how two glasses of house wine can cost $18.50? I am not going to complain about it to the server, but it just seems ridiculous to charge people that much for two *glasses* of house wine. And while the entrees were more than generous portions, I can't help feel like the food was a tad overpriced. Overall we had a great meal, and the service was excellent, we will definitely be going back.
This is a gluten free paradise and I can't WAIT to go back!  I was VERY grateful to see their menu online and that so many items were listed as gluten free (or could be tweaked to be gluten free).  Hubby and I just went for lunch.  Started off with a cup of the soup of the day which was Chipotle Turkey.  It was delicious.  For our entrees I chose the chicken & spinach mac & cheese made with gluten free pasta and hubby went with the chicken wings.  The pasta was so good we had to ask what brand it was and the server brought me out the wrapper so I could take it.  Mac & cheese was delicious and hubby loved his wings.  The beer selection is very nice and reasonably priced - they even have GF Beer.  YAY! We were very happy with our meals and will definitely be back.  Want to try it for dinner next time.
I had the lobster mac and cheese and it didn't wow me.   For the price I was expecting more of a lobster flavor to explode in my mouth.  I'd rather they just leave the lobster out and call it mac and cheese and cut the price in half and the taste really wouldn't be all that different.  Come to think of it, they could call it lobster and white truffle mac and cheese and increase the price to $40 with only having to add $0.50 more ingredients. Rating is unchanged at three stars.  Quality food that's overpriced.  I suppose good for a night out with someone from out of town you rarely see but certainly not repeat dining with your local friends or partner at the price/quality point Mingle offers.
Ups and downs sums it up!  3 1/2 stars. Up #1 - Pleasantly greeted and told I could sit anywhere while I waited for three companions to arrive.  Since I chose to wait at the bar near the entrance, I was offered a glass of water and given a menu to peruse. When the four of us were seated, beverage menus were promptly delivered to the table - I brought the paper menu and glass of water given to me upon arrival.  Glasses of water were also brought for my companions. Down #1 - Maybe five or more minutes passed before we had to request food menus for the other three people at the table and the servers made no mention of the specials that were written on a blackboard out of the sightline of two people at our table .  The dining room was about half full at this point. Up #2 - Discussion was held with our server to obtain information as to the changes made in the preparation of the Kimchi Jigae ($10) in order to make it gluten free - a spicy stew made with aged kimchi, tofu, onion, gochujang, and sliced pork belly and served with a side of sticky rice.  He seemed quite knowledgeable and sufficiently satisfied the need to know of the  companion who was then able to order this dish. We placed our order for a second Kimchi Jigae that would NOT be prepared gluten free, and three of us looked forward to tasting both preparations.  The other main dishes ordered were Chap Chae ($12) - sweet potato noodles tossed with the choice of beef, instead of chicken, marinated in sesame and soy, and sautéed with shiitake mushrooms, zucchini, carrots, spinach, and finished with toasted sesame seeds and scallions; and Dukbokki ($9) - sliced rice cake sticks with sesame oil and sautéed with gochujang, Napa cabbage, carrots and scallions. Up #3 - We also ordered a couple of appetizers that I believe are certainly worth returning for.  Pan Fried Yakimandu (order of 5, $8) - crisp handmade dumplings stuffed with chicken, ricotta cheese, soybean sprouts, scallions, and Napa cabbage, served with a honey-soy-ginger sauce for dipping.  Korean Tacos (order of 2, $9) - beef was chosen over chicken, marinated in gochujang, served with an apple-radish kimchi and garnished with a spicy yogurt sauce, lettuce, and prepared in a soft corn tortilla. For me, the yakimandu was a special treat as it was the closest I've found to what I remember eating while in Korea 42 years ago.  Since I was willing to share them I was allowed to have one of the tacos.  I found the taco very flavorful and was pleased that the kitchen chose to use the soft variety of tortillas.  I found these appetizers the highlight of the entire lunch. Down #2 - The draft beer I ordered was no longer available and staff was unaware of this while I was ordering.   Up #4 - Fortunately, there was another draft that went very well with the meal - Keegan Ales Mother's Milk Stout ($? - our drinks were never included on the bill). Down #3 - Yes, all the meals ordered were Korean preparations, but I expected to find a more diversity of flavors between the Chap Chae, Jigae, and Dukbokki.  For the record, I noticed very little difference between the gluten free and regular preparations of the Jigae.  The gluten free was possibly a bit more bland, but still had plenty of spicing. If I return, I'll try some of the non-Korean dishes, but I may still have to have more yakimandu for ol' times sake.
Mingle is definitely worth a trip. The ambiance is elegant and the crowd energetic and lively. The food is pretty amazing, creative interpretations on classic Korean dishes as well as vaguely Asian crowd pleasers. Drinks are likewise delicious and unique. The only possible drawback is that it is on the pricey side, but overall the superb quality of the food, drinks and service more than justifies it, in my opinion.
Mingle had some really high points, but some really low ones as well. Service was superb. Our waiter was very knowledgable, personable and attentive. Our water glasses never went dry and when he realized we were drinking a lot of it, he brought over a water pitcher. He was also very accommodating to our confusing dietary needs - me, a vegetarian that eats fish, my friend, a carnivore that is lactose intolerant. The ambiance was very cozy and comfortable. You could easily "mingle" there for hours. The drinks and selection of beverages was vast and good. I did find it a little odd that with so many local and natural ingredients on the menu, many of the cocktails contained Sprite. I enjoyed the white wine I ordered, instead. As for the food, that's where we were both disappointed. We ordered mostly appetizers to share. The shrimp pancakes were OK, but the dipping sauce was mostly soy sauce, and super salty. I felt the flavor of shrimp got lost, and sauce was overpowering. We both ordered the Korean Tacos (an appetizer) as our main. I picked tofu, she picked chicken. While the filling was good, the spicy yogurt sauce, again, was incredibly salty and intense. It really overpowered the fresh ingredients in the taco, and the other flavors were lost. The eggplant caponata app we ordered, too, was salty and the texture was a little odd (very chunky). Overall, we both felt the level of salt in the food was intense and overwhelmed everything else. We noticed it even moreso later that night, when we were guzzling water all evening! We might have had a different experience had we ordered an entree, but I'm not so sure I'll go back to find out.
A delicious and lucky find for us off the interstate looking for real healthy vegetarian food... BRAVO, the staff was also super friendly. If you like Asian fusion or more interesting fare highly recommended! Cool atmosphere to boot.
We just had dinner at Mingle tonight and it was DELICIOUS!! The atmosphere was unique, yet stylish and personal. The owner is from the surrounding area and came out to greet us after he heard us commenting on the decor and gave us the history of the bar in the back room (yes there is a bar back there...go check it out! It is AWESOME) and informed us his Korean mother was the chef! He was very personable and genuine :) The food was great! You can tell it was made with passion as each dish that came to our table was so fresh and unique. I had the chicken jambalaya, bf had the Chicken and Chorizo Creole and friend had the night's special of Chicken Francaise. We were all very pleased. They also had a number of dishes that could be made gluten free which I thought was nice. The service was quick, friendly and efficient. I think my ONLY suggestion would be to knock the prices down $2-$3 for each dish, as it did seem a little pricey. All in all, Mingle is wonderful. You cannot find any other place in the capital region with these dishes!
Let me first say that the chicken and spinach mac -n-cheese is de-fuckin-licious!!!  Holy cow. This is a hidden little gem.  The appetizers and entrees are superb.  The servers are helpful and pleasant.  The prices are commensurate with the quality of food.  The ambiance is cozy and fun.  This is one of my favorite five restaurants in Albany.  Don't know much what else I can say.  Highly recommend.
Thanks to Daniel's article from alloveralbany.com for doing a write up on his experience of 'Dukbokki at Mingle"  The photo from the article screamed "come get me".  And so I did.   I ordered the dinner portion of Dukbokki, and I got it to go (as I barely get a free night to sit down and dine in an actual restaurant).   The experience was pleasant from beginning to end.  The hostess was top notch.  Very kind and warm. (I would hire her in a heart beat).   The bartender, where I picked up my togo order, was also top level.  Very professional and friendly.  In a world where I constantly ask "Where did customer service go?"  It's nice to know, that it ended up at Mingle. The Dukbokki was amazing.  Of course, I must be honest that I have never had Dukbokki before and therefore I have nothing to compare it to.  However, I truly enjoyed the chewy consistency of the rice cakes, and the warm glowing heat from the dish overall. The portion was big enough for two, with left overs.   I look forward to swinging by in the near future to explore more items on their menu.
Mike and i came here for lunch and were really pleased. The noise level does seem to have been dealt with that was bothersome in the past and the rest of the decor was very nice. we started with some baked wings that were flavorful and a bit spicy. i ordered the chicken mac and cheese with spinach and tomato sauce - it was really Really yummy. mike had the meatloaf sandwich that was delicious and spiced just right.   our server was knowledgeable and friendly. we still need to come back to try dinner - the menu has a ton of intriguing options including vegan stuff for kenz. we will be coming back soon..
I went to Mingle for the first time this weekend with a group of friends and had a wonderful time. The service and food were both excellent. We were greeted upon arrival and were served drinks immediately. I went with previous yelp reviews recommendations and ordered the Korean tacos with chicken for an appetizer, followed by the sweet potato noodle dish. I loved them both. The ambiance was also cozy and inviting. So comfortable that we ended up staying till past closing without noticing. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes.
I had the salmon teriyaki and it was DELISH!  Surprising it was a fairly large piece too. Lots of other yummy options, can't wait to go back!
Ate dinner here last night and it was hands down one of the best meals I've had out in a long time. The service and ambiance were great.  Our group started off with the kimchi fries and they were amazing!  Next I had the Tuna Un-Hui, it was cooked to perfection (no over cooked) and the seasoning was just right. I've read other reviews stating they thought the prices were too high but the phrase "you get what you pay for" comes to mind! I will definitely be going back soon.
My girlfriend and I went for appetizers and drinks last night. Service and food were both great. We got the Korean tacos and pan seared dumplings, they were awesome. We'd been once before and had to come back for the tacos. Definitely check it out!
Yummmmmmmmmmmm
Excellent service and a menu that turns fresh, locally sourced ingredients into masterpieces. We loved that we were asked if we were vegetarian or gluten-free (even though we are neither). The mussels were amazing, as was the salmon and kimchee dish on the Korean inspired menu. We will definitely come back. They make a mean sangria too!
I've been here three times and have consistently been impressed with the creativity, flavor, and quality of the food. The first time I had this wonderful kimchee soup and the bibimbap. Then I tried the Korean tacos, which are amazing, and the meatlover special, which has all these delicious marinated bulgogi meats and mushrooms. Third time my boyfriend and I split the fish tacos and kimchi jigae, which was so flavorful and spicy. I am a huge kimchi aficionado, and was told the owner makes like 4 or 5 kinds to use in different dishes. The portions are decently sized and I am always full just splitting an appetizer and entree. It may be on the pricier side, but I've never been disappointed with the food or service. I just realized I have ordered mostly Korean dishes, which they have got down pat, but I've heard great things about the chicken creole and can't wait to explore more of their menu.
Amazing food and amazing service. My husband and I went here for anniversary and it was amazing. The hostess is friendly, and charming. The roasted chicken wings, tomato artichoke soup were delicious. Great fusion food. Highly recommend this place!
this is certainly not the wine-n-diner anymore. and I'm entirely not sure that's a good thing. a couple friends and I were headed to new world bistro bar for dinner on a Friday evening. foolishly, we did not make a reservation. a suggested one and a half hour wait sent us down Delaware ave to give mingle a try. we arrived (in three separate cars) around 7:30. while the dining room was nowhere near full, the venue's parking lot was. I landed a spot across the street, and my friends were sent from the neighboring yoga studio's lot to the curb as well. apparently the yoga studio was hosting an event... at 7:30 on a Friday. hmm. we were greeted, and presented with menus and the wine and beer lists almost immediately. the selection of craft beers was decent... if you're into that sort of thing (and most people are these days). I had the blue point lager. could have just as easily enjoyed a Heineken. color my palate uncultured. the menu and specials were inviting. for my meal, I had the 'tuna un-hui'... a pan seared sesame encrusted ahi tuna. I requested it rare -- specifying "cool in the middle" -- and it was a bit over done.  the sticky rice (served as a quartered sushi roll) was a nice compliment, as we're the sautéed veggies... although both were completely saturated in a sweet teriyaki sauce. perhaps thats why a bit of wasabi was included on the plate? the portion was reasonable, but with a $27 price tag, I would have expected a salad or bread to be included with the entree. such was not the case. kind of disappointing. one of my friends had the sea bass (a special) and the other, vegetarian jambalaya. from what I understand, both were good.  it is great that the kitchen is accommodating to finicky diners.  from what i understand they offer a wide array of vegetarian, gluten free, etc. options. our table shared a slice of carrot cake for dessert. it was perfectly warmed and drizzled with lemon mascarpone icing. quite tasty, but we found the outside of the cake a bit dry and hard. we left it on the plate.   overall, our server was nice and attentive. however the bartender served our table beverages in chipped glasses not once, but TWICE. replacements were provided, no compensation was offered. all in all, I'll be sure to make a reservation at NWBB next time.
I've been to Mingle twice now, and both times the service was impeccable and the food was delightful. A small but interesting draught list, and a nice wine selection to compliment the interesting menu. We ordered the tacos (which were beyond fantastic), the seared tuna (a bit pricey, but very well executed), and the bulgokee salad (a good salad is hard to find, and I found one). Finished up with a piece of pumpkin cheesecake, which was rich and wonderful.
Mingle is a great, up-and-coming place in Albany and I really hope they stay around for a while! I went here for Valentines Day with my boyfriend. Everyone was very friendly, the food was delicious and the beer/wine list has a lot of options too. I had the Lobster Mac n' Cheese and it was probably one of the best mac n' cheese dishes I've ever had - and I'm a big mac n' cheese fan! I would go here again in a heartbeat.
Went for lunch today with my wife.  We shared their soup of the day and fish tacos.  GREAT..... they had a little heat but the flavors were exceptional.  Both our dinners were right on.  Cannot wait to go back for dinner.
I was very excited that there's a Korean Restaurant here in Albany! I thought, finally! I mean i knew it was fusion going in, but it's better than nothin at all as I love, love Korean food. Anyways, Appetizer was great, we had the beef tacos - delicious! We ordered Jap Chae and their pan-seared duck entree for our meals...least to stay i was disappointed! Jap Chae did not look like the real thing..too much sauce! The mashed potato that came with the duck did not taste good at all..and i don't think it should be a side with duck meat. The duck itself also had too much sauce, and did not bring out the flavor..my friends and i agreed it was a NO. For dessert, we had the apple a-la-mode and it wad delicious. So to sum it up, i only gave it a 3 star because of the appetizer, the great dessert + the super nice server. They were really busy the night we visited that service was slow. I feel like it is a bit overpriced, especially the bibimbap, and bulgoki entrees. If you want the atmosphere, i'd rather go to The Point.
Awesome! Can't wait to try dinner. Went here for lunch and the food was amazing. Flavors were delicious with the right amount of heat. And the service was wonderful.
Mingle is a welcome addition to the Albany dining scene.  It may already be among the first restaurants that I would recommend to someone looking for a great meal in this area. I've only been once so far - with some of my family on Christmas Eve - and I cannot wait to return.  Our server was friendly, knowledgable, and showed no signs of being in a hurry even though it was Christmas Eve and closing time by the time we left.  Every food item (between the four of us we ordered 2 appetizers and 5 entrees - many on the menu come in small plates which are great for sharing) was absolutely spectacular.  I ordered the chicken and spinach macaroni and cheese (a new twist on the always popular Avenue A holdover, Lobster Mac and Cheese), but being a vegetarian, I asked if it was possible to have it with no chicken.  The server asked the Chef and I was told it was no problem.  Everyone else at the table loved the food as much as I did.  They had the famous lobster mac & cheese, a steak diane special of the day, the chicken and chorizo creole dish, among other things.  I had a few bites of the chop chae, which was great.  I can't wait to try some of the dishes under the Korean section of the menu - especially the bibambap. From the service, to the food, to the atmosphere (relaxed but nice - the kind of place where you feel like you can spend hours with a drink and a shared meal, talking and enjoying life and friends or family), they pull everything off impeccably here.  And this is all the case just a few weeks after they opened their doors! I have absolute faith that Mingle will get better and better with age - but you should get there as soon as you can.
3 couples had a reservation for dinner on a Saturday night at 6:00. We were seated promptly. The atmosphere of this restaurant was casual trendy. Any attire seemed to be acceptable. The vibe was loud, but not overpowering, and fun. We were not rushed out, even though at 8:00 it was clear our table was needed. Our server was very knowledgable. when I inquired about a wine, she brought a sample. minutes later, she brought a beer sample for my husband. We all had wine and beer, but the drink list looked magnificent! My husband had the tomato soup to start. I tasted- it was delicious. My husband had the chicken Valdostana. He's picky and doesn't like ethnic flavored. He's not one to take a chance. However, even with the fusion of the ingredients, out of his comfort zone, he agreed that his entree was delicious. I had the chicken chorizo Creole. I'm not a foodie, so whether it was aptly named or not, I have no idea. Trust me, however, that it was delicious! I had enough leftover to bring home for lunch today. We were too full to get dessert, so we decided to have one dessert and split it 6 ways. We ordered the chocolate mouse with Chambord and whipped cream. It was decadent and wonderful. We split the bill equally 3 ways. 2 of us had 2 glasses of wine. With a very generous tip, each couple paid $90.00. I can't wait to go back!
Food was very good, especially the clams. Service was also good. A tad bit expensive for the atmosphere, but overall I would definitely recommend it.
I'd give it 5 stars but I'd have to die and go to heaven first.  So far I've had dinner followed by lunch at Mingle.  Dinner was very good ....the yakimando (sp?) were fabulous, the kale hot pot was great, and the meatloaf entree was fab too. Returning for  lunch, we had a special cream of tomato soup which was served cool (not so good) and tasted like the best tomato soup I ever had.  We had the yakimando again because I couldn't resist and a caesar salad which was excellent.  I loved the service - attentive but unobtrusive both times.  Parking is convenient and the prices were good.  What more could I want?  Nothing.
Amazing restaurant!  I've been here twice: once in a casual setting at the bar with a friend for happy hour and then for Valentine's day with my love.  Both times were amazing.  Great service from the bar to the servers to the hostess.  I haven't had any problems with anything I ordered.  Their wings are delicious, as well as their eggplant appetizer, both are on the happy hour menu.  Their bread pudding will send you to heaven and back.  I often crave the food and wish I had the budget to allow me to eat there every day!  love the atmosphere too
