Not to be confused with "Bi Skor Bar" which is a candy that is a little confused about its sexuality, this place is right in the middle of the Elmwood Strip and is a fantastic place to work out with some really awesome employees and a great atmosphere. This place clearly can't decide if it's for bikers, or if it's just a regular bar for everyone. In fact it is neither. It's a fitness place. A really cool fitness place with some really amazing machines, such as the vibration machine in the back, and a lot of elliptical cycle machines, which are all state of the art. It's a popular and unique and awesome place, and one where a lot of city folks would really enjoy working out. Oh, and if you're into cute people, the employees here are like... wow. And that is regardless of which gender you are attracted to. They are also super nice in that they let me try some of their expensive machines for free and it was a real experience. To try and help with my bad soccer injuries and stuff and what not and crap. There was a Yelp event here, and it went really well, they were extremely friendly staff and brilliant equipment. This is highly recommended as a unique and original and exciting and fun and different place to work out, and if it helps you look anything like some of the employees here, then you are in luck.
If it were not for an Yelp Fit event last Friday, I would have still walked past it thinking it was a bar for motorcycle bikers lol. I'm so glad I finally discovered what this hype is all about. The BikeorBar is filled with friendly and knowledgeable staff and clientele. I loved that it doesn't smell like a sweat sauna as most small studios can, and how clean everything is. The stationary bikes are the nicest I've seen, and arranged in a way that you can enjoy a full spinning class and not feel as if your personal bubble is squished by the bikers next to you:) Not to mention the crowd here is so friendly and social, it's just such a positive vibe that leaves you feeling good physically and mentally after your workout. Alex led the spinning class last Friday and she was phenomenal! I love her music video selections and deejaying skills while pushing us to spin harder and throwing fun trivia questions at us throughout the workout. The entire staff was phenomenal, Brit has such good form when demonstrating different crossfit stations, I was totally mesmerized! You can tell everyone loves working here and the energy really shows. I totally didn't know Alex was the owner until someone pointed it out because she was just so down to earth and unassuming. In all, it's the clean and compact facility, state of the art equipment, fun crowd, and phenomenal staff that gives this place a solid vibe and 5+ stars that is sure to grow into a strong BikeOr Community and make it a permanent institution in Elmwood Village.
I have only been here once but I enjoyed my experience so much that I wanted to write a review. Two of my friends are regular spinners and they have been encouraging me to try a class.  Since my fitness routine typically consists of the elliptical or treadmill, I was nervous to step outside of my comfort zone... but, in an effort to fill my weekend with activities outside of drinking whiskey, I agreed to try a "spin start" class on Saturday morning.   Bonus: Your first class only costs $5.  Score! The studio is small but nice.  I was able to store my bag and hang my coat.  I immediately liked the atmosphere due to the colorful lighting, upbeat music and nightclub-vibe.  It's a fun space to be in.   The instructor found out it was my first class so she was very helpful in setting up my bike and grabbing me a seat cushion.  She also gave me some tips to get me through the workout.  Once the class began, she talked everyone through it and explained when to turn up your resistance and when to drink water.  She also guided the class through first, second and third position. About thirty minutes in, I started to feel extremely tired, which must be a sign of a good workout!  Despite my exhaustion, I was able to power through and complete the class.  After the hour long class, I felt great.  This workout was a welcome change from my typical 45 minutes on the elliptical.   I would like to return; however, single classes jump in price to $9/ ea.  Packages are also available, yet because I am already paying for my membership at the JCC, I am hesitant to spend additional money at BikeorBar.   The thing is, I enjoyed the class so much that I am actually considering shelling out the extra money on spinning classes.  For this reason alone, BikeorBar definitely deserves four stars in my book!
Feel free to take my review with a grain of salt because I am not a spinning expert.  In fact, I hated spinning prior to coming to BikeorBar.  So I can't offer much by way of comparison. I like to go to their "CrosSpin" classes.  30 minutes of spinning and 30 minutes of circuit training (a combination of rowing, ab workouts, burpees/pushups or other upper body training, sometimes squats).  This is the perfect combination for me - I get way too bored spinning for more than 30 minutes. I've only experienced a couple of the trainers, but so far I am a fan.  They're friendly and helpful without being at all judgmental or "know-it-all." The music they choose is great - particularly Britannia.  She picks great music videos - not only are they visually stimulating but the beats are motivational.  Other instructors may have good music but don't play the corresponding music video. The circuit classes are also great.  Mixing rowing into the class is a great way to build some muscle while still getting some cardio in. Classes are packed but you sign up in advance so you're guaranteed a spot.  The other people who attend are friendly (about 90% women).
Head, shoulders, knees and toes, emphasis on the knees and shoulders.  Those are just a few of the parts that are now aching on my poor body from yesterday's CrosSpin class.  I've been hesitant on the whole 'Cross Fit' craze, namely because I feel like an idiot bouncing my not so tight body around in front of others.  However, this environment was small, cozy and comfortable enough that I didn't feel overwhelmed and intimidated by manly gruntable equipment.  (Anyone who has been to a gym will understand that comment.)   With that being said, I had nothing to lose as the first session was FREE, something you don't see a lot these days and needless to say, I'm hooked!  Literally dripping sweat from the end of my nose, my face was glowing after all was said and done.  After such a great burn and an overwhelming feeling of accomplishment, this friendly laid back staff made me feel no pressure.  This therefore prompted me to purchase an additional 26 classes, with no hesitations on my end after clearing up all questions quickly and easily with a team member over the phone.  I highly recommend this local establishment to lose the flab in an accepting environment.
Awesome classes. I love coming here for spin and cross spin. I tried the barre class once and probably wouldn't do it again. Nothing against the class or teacher but it just wasn't my style of workout. The owners and staff are very friendly and remember your name when you walk in the door. They also wipe off the bikes after class which is a huge help. It gets pretty crowded in there so wiping off your bike at the end of class is a hassle.  Definitely worth the price!
I tried BikeOrBar for the first time a couple days ago. After all, you can't beat $5 for your first class!  It's a great locally owned place where you clearly will get individualized attention and knowledgeable staff to help you along the way. First, the good: The fact that you can sign up for a class and reserve your bike online is great. (It would be super cool if you could reserve the exact bike you want, like on an airplane, maybe? No? Ok, just an idea.) Also, the bikes are very impressive, very expensive (the man at the front desk said they cost $2800 each). They all have a computer hooked up to them (wired to the pedal for accuracy) that tracks speed, distance, time, Kcals, etc. - also a very nice feature. I'm a member at LA Fitness where I spin all the time, the bikes there are pretty crappy compared to BikeOrBar. However, you will pay for that luxury here. I also LOVE that they offer Barre. It's something I have always wanted to try out and hasn't really been offered in the city. LA Fitness certainly doesn't have it. They also have personal training, which is great if you're looking for it! However, as I eluded to before, after that $5 first class, the cost to go here is pretty high compared to my membership at LA Fitness. The question I (and anyone else in my position) would have to answer is: do I want to pay a premium for nicer equipment, less crowds, no meat heads, etc? I'm completely understanding the size constraints of a building in EV- but the bikes were all on top of each other. At LA Fitness the spacing between the bikes is much larger and my personal space is preserved. Here you're literally right next to your neighbors and that might make some people uncomfortable, especially when you're sweating. So, I leave this review fairly open ended. It's a nice, clean place with really nice equipment. The price is a deterrent, so I'm not sure yet if I can say I'll be back, especially when I still have time on my current LA Fitness membership. However, I recommend if you're thinking about it, at least do the $5 first class- what do you have to lose,right?
I tried BikeorBar for the first time last night. My girlfriend and I decided we would try new fitness classes. We usually hit up the yoga studio next store but decided we wanted something a little more intense and work out new muscles and the booty barre class was just what we were looking for. Our instructor Brit was awesome and the class  flew by. I can definitely say that I feel muscles I didn't even knew existed today, in a good way. I've been a dancer my whole life and this was really the perfect class for me. I'm not a person who really enjoys the gym or running, yoga has really been my go to fitness class for years. This class included the cardio work out I was seeking. I hear their spinning classes are awesome as well. I'm looking forward to trying it out this week.
I came on a Wednesday evening during their first opening week. I was really excited as recently I have become a huge fan of spinning and thought a speciality spin place would be grand. There was little organization upon coming in but my fiance and I got there early enough to reserve our bikes. I did not like these bikes as much as the bikes at my regular gym (the BAC) even though I thought the bikes here would be fab. Also, not sure if it was because the classes were free, there were a lot of spinning noobs who did not understand spin-etiquette. Texting, talking and a guy removing his shirt midway through class was distracting. Our instructor had never taught a class before and it showed. I don't recall her name. I found the class to be quite boring and I didn't feel as though I got a great workout. Not sure how the other instructors are, but this newbie didn't seem ready to lead a class to spinirvana. My experience did not make the cost of BoB vs. my regular gym membership worth it, so I'll likely stick to my fave classes at the BAC.
True rating: 4.5/5 I've been going to bikeorbar for about 11 months. What I love about this place is that its two blocks from my house! It makes it so easy to keep in shape especially during the winter months. I've taken a whole bunch of classes there; rowing, spinning, pilates, combo circuit classes and I've really enjoyed them all! I wouldn't say that I'm a fitness expert, but I like a challenging class to push me along my goals. All the classes I take are great because they are challenging but the instructors really do keep in mind if you are a fitness newbie or if you have injuries etc. They don't let you slack but they're not too perky or too in your face (which is annoying). I find the classes super affordable as a teacher/graduate student/overall poor person. Pros: Clean, affordable, challenging classes, offers multitude of classes, best rowing classes, nice and friendly staff Cons: No water fountain (minor con), no showers (not a con for me because I live two blocks away) Definitely an Elmwood Village must! THE ONLINE SYSTEM makes it soooo easy to sign up for classes! No more having to rush somewhere just to make sure you have a spot.
This review is only for their Insanity classes. The third time was it for me. They practically played the Insanity DVD for every class and just have an instructor (one was awesome because he actually paid attention to your forms and give you tips) in the background. I have the exact DVD set at home. I decided to save some gas and work out at home because the last time I was there, the instructor just left us alone after popping in the DVD (well he did checked up  on us the first ten minutes of class).  A proper class would have had someone there at all time just to make sure our forms are correct.
Just took my first class on Thursday night.  It was one of the best spin classes I have ever taken. Rachel's energy and music was on point.  I really enjoyed the huge flat screen in the front that played a bike messenger movie while we were listening to JayZ -- I think it was the first class I didn't keep checking the time. The bikes are best in the area, not sure why the other reviewer was hatin'!   You can take your mileage and time and the flywheels were super smooth. Only gripe, the website, it's not easy to navigate and I couldn't find descriptions of the classes. Seriously, suck it SoulCycle.
I just had my first KICK-ASS workout at Bike or Bar this morning at 6am and it ROCKED! Colleen is an excellent instructor (she also teaches at the JCC), she sets the bar high so you get what you came for. There's no pressure to do more than what your body can handle. The music selection is good and up-beat-no classic rock or soft rock here. (not sure about the other classes? Bueller? Bueller?) So, if it's your first class, give it a try and don't be shy. I'm looking forward to seeing what else they have to offer as they're open longer. Rowing? Sounds awesome, and I love juice bars! All classes are free until the end of March!  Go get your spin on!
Somebody call Taffer. Because this bar needs to be rescued. BAD. Went in there for their "Spinning" Happy Hour. Thought it was a clever name for what happens when you have one too many. Boy was I wrong. Staff couldn't even point me in the right direction for the bar... then I find out they didn't even serve alcohol!!! Not only that, there are literally stationary bikes ALL OVER THE BAR. It was nice to see the female employees dressed in spandex and workout clothes. That was nice and the only reason I have the bar 2 stars. Music was loud and sounded like cookie cutter electronic from a no name compilation cd. I asked one server what sort of bar this was and he said "It's BikeorBar." I said "Ok, I choose bar" and he told me to please leave. Totally rude and uncalled for. This bar needs to get their act together. Fast.
This review is only for the barre classes. If you are curious about barre, bikeorbar is the place to go! I started going to these classes a few weeks ago and have already noticed a difference! The classes focus on the "problem areas" like the arms legs and butt so it is perfect if you are trying to tone and tighten. I love the atmosphere and the friendly upbeat staff. The facility is small but nice. I would recommend bikeorbar to my family and friends.
The owners here are friendly and committed to bringing fitness to Elmwood. The co-owner Robert is very engaging and over a 30+ minute conversation he convinced me that this is going to be THE PLACE TO BE with their planned occasional Karaoke spinning events and hip features not found at the average gym. Yes...spinning and Karaoke;  its all the rage in cities like NYC, DC, and LA.  There is a flat screen tv that will show scenic rides as the the spin instructor leads the group through different "rides." Some of the rides will be in 3D and BorB offers 3D glasses for the workout.  Eventually they plan on having a juice bar.  Another cool thing about BorB? They have this vibration board contraption/machine thingy that will give you the benefits of a 30 minute cardio workout in less than 5 minutes.  I hopped on board the machine and I'm not certain my teeth and brain could handle 10 minutes but the idea is novel. I'm excited to take rowing classes here. There is a separate 1000 sq ft area that will be outfitted with rowing machines and it's not visible from the front.
I love BikeorBar.  I've been going at least once a week (usually) for a few months and never had a bad workout.  The monitors on the bikes -- along with serious motivation from the instructors -- keep you honest, and keep you working hard, hard, hard.  The owners are personable and friendly.  On sunny days when classes are held with the door open, Robert lets me take my 2-year-old in to watch "the people on the bikes that don't move."  Give him a couple years, and he'll be hitting a 6am spin class with me.
Love this place. I am hooked on the indo-row indoor rowing classes. The 30/30/30 cross training/bootcamp/spin classes are awesome too!
Had my first workout at Bike or Bar yesterday evening, and really enjoyed the workout, vibe, and staff. The first class is free, which is a great way to explore the place and decide if it is a good fit for you. Although the room is small, it is well organized and the equipment is state of the art. They also have high power fans circulating to keep the room cool and dry. The music was fantastic; that is a selling point for me, as good music can really turn your workout up a notch. They even feature music videos on a big screen; watching Beyonce's dance moves mid-spin definitely gives you some extra energy.  The instructor was knowledgeable, assessed everyone's starting point, and gave good tips on form throughout the class. To me this is key, as many instructors fail to highlight how important form is, especially for people prone to injury. In comparison to the classes I have experienced at the BAC downtown, Bike or Bar comes out on top.  Another plus is the numerous and diverse classes throughout the day; they have times to suit anyone's schedule. I find the prices to be fairly reasonable ( 7 for students for one class, 9 for adults, with packages ranging from 30-60). Bike or Bar is a great choice for beginners and seasoned spinners alike!
