Great manicure and pedicure at an affordable price. Angela did a nice job. Their facility was cute, clean, shiny and still looks brand new. I think it is better than escape nails. I appreciate the included beverages like water, tea, cappuccino, or wine. We did not have appointments and waited 15 minutes at lunchtime on a weekday. Not bad! At lunchtime parking was difficult (almost none!) due to 2 restaurants in the same plaza. we will be back just not during lunch.
Awesome work by Kim and Tony. Very clean as in super clean status. You should try this place out for sure. Will be going back soon and so will my boyfriend. He now loves pedicures. Thanks ladies.
Love this place!! It's very pretty & clean and there's no chemical smell like other nail spas I have been to.  My daughter, Jordan, had a mani/pedi with Lynette. She was very nice and did a great job. I had a pedi with Toni and a gel set with Holly, who were both very good also. The last time we had Kim and Angela, who also did a wonderful job. Phoebe threaded our eyebrows and did an awesome job too.  Our first time having threading, but much easier than I thought.  It didn't even hurt and was only $10. I would definitely choose the threading over waxing. Everyone is very friendly and puts you at ease.  My new favorite nail spa in PSL!!  Try the frozen frappuccino.
Amazing! Best nail spa in SLW. Highly recommended! This is a full service nail spa that you can go wrong with. Very clean and great service. I will definately be going back.
Excellent manicure & pedicure, Ashley & Tony were both very professional, warm, and welcoming!
I recently visited some family in Port St. Lucie and we had a girl's night out. We treated ourselves to some mani/pedi-s and I'd have to say, that place is the most gorgeous nail salon I have ever seen! Their name doesn't lie, it really is like a spa. The atmosphere was calming/relaxing. Not to mention, Their color selection was AMAZING! I'm pretty shy about making conversation and sometimes even awkward, but Phoebe and Tommy were soo every nice and easy to talk to! They made my visit very comfortable! They are so professional and extreme perfectionist, in the best possible way! I definitely want to come back one day!
It is an excellent spa.The service is top notch.The salon is clean,modern and very classy.The staff are professional and very competant.The services provided are very extensive.They offer complimentary beverages including wine,water,coffee or soft drinks.There is even Wi-Fi available.I would highly recommend this place.I walked-in and got a gel manicure,a deluxe pedi and my eye brows done.Phoebe was my tech and boy was she a gem,she rocks;such a cutiepie,competant and very attentive.I'm very finicky,however,Phoebe did an exceptional job.I will definitely be returning.
Was in town for business and came here for a mani/pedi. LOVED IT! All very professional, clean and, best of all, prepared! Definitely recommend and will be coming back next time i am in town. Had gel mani and regular pedi. Prices are equal to lesser quality places, so why not go for the pristine and professional place? That was my logic.
Yep!!! I'm giving 5 stars too!!! For Port St Lucie, this place is excellent. Had a mani, pedi, and eyebrow wax. Toni for a pedicure...she was so good and took a great deal of time on my feet. Angela...for a manicure. I just got simple clear polish and she did a great job too. Kim..for eyebrow waxing. She was excellent too!!! My main piece of advice is....MAKE AN APPOINTMENT. DON'T JUST WALK IN. I did and had to wait an hour because everyone had an appointment. They apologized to me many many times which I thought was so kind. Run don't walk to this place....my new favorite.
As previous reviews started,  I made an appointment,  showed up on time yet still had to wait 40 minutes to get started with the mani/pedi. Other than that,  the place is beautiful,  clean and spacious.  The staff are friendly,  neat and courteous. I am very happy with the final outcome of my mani/pedi and would recommend this establishment to anyone who is looking for a relaxing experience.  I will be back.
I visited Port St. Lucie for a wedding and needed to get my nails done ASAP for the reception. A friend recommended this place so i decided to try it out.   I was blown away when I first step into the salon...the place is gorgeous! The staff is very friendly. I got the Mani/Pedi special and the technician, Tommy, is amazing! Tommy is a true professional and is very detail oriented. The staff value customer service and will go out of their way to help you pick a design that you would enjoy.  My nails looked amazing and I got a lot of  compliments at the reception. As someone with family members in the beauty industry, I really appreciate the cleanliness. I'm extremely picky about where I go to get my nails done and this place definitely surpass my expectations. The staff would throw away the buffer after each use and sterilize all their equipment. This is not your typical nail salon, I felt like a queen with all the royal treatment. Remember to ask for Tommy! I'm so sad we don't have a place like this in California. :(
Top class nail salon.. so relaxing to come here. Girls and guys welcome....Gentlemen, book your appointment with Phobe for your pedicure today. She is amazing! You will not be disapointed. Enjoy!
I found this nail spa actually through yelp. I live within the area an was tired of all the nail spas I have been going to. All of these for this nail salon were amazing so I thought why not give it a try! And I mad the right choice! The atmosphere is beyond relaxing and the decor is beautiful! The staff is so friendly, they make you feel like you're at home. As soon as you arrive they give you serval choices of beverages. I got a pedicure and manicure. There are several pedicure options the cheapest being $25 which is a very good price within the area. They also use disposable buffers and nail files and offer them to you to keep! So you know the equipment is clean! I highly recommend this place to everyone!
So I recently visited a new salon near home, excited to finally find a local place.. but was sooo disappointed. I suppose it was the treatment that I had received at Luminous during my vacation that made me realize that a lot of places really don't meet up to expectations. I mean, these girls go out of their way to make you comfortable,  free drinks while you get your nails done?? How much more close to the princess treatment can a girl get?! Ahh, how I've missed this place..
Such a clean and wonderful place. Everyone is so friendly. They even serve free drinks while you relax!! I will continue to go there!!
been here twice the place is clean and very relaxing . the staff is very nice.. and they spoke good english . the pedicure is the best i ever have
