Let me start by saying if you are looking for bargains, this place is not it. But.... if you're looking for a great haircut, then this is the place for you. I had a haircut and Brazillian straightening treatment. Total for both was $290.00. I went to Reva. She was fantastic!!!!!!!!! Yes the salon is showy and fancy which may intimidate some. But the staff is down to earth and friendly. I used to go to The Red Door Salon in Boca and I felt more at ease here. Great experience. Will return. Ask for Reva. She was great!!!
I went back for a second time. Alicia did my hair- and boy, was she thorough! I keep seeing negative reviews here- not sure why! Staff was friendly, place was clean, great parking, offers of coffee, water, wine. Maybe a tad overpriced- but you get what you pay for! Alicia is awesome...go!
Got a GREAT haircut yesterday at this place.  My coworker went last week and gave me a card for a free haircut with one of the master stylists.  Free haircut? Yes, please! What a great promotional tool. Beautiful interior design Free glass of wine or cosmo (very generous pour I might add) My stylist Stephanie was awesome AMAZING hair cut In summary, Stephanie did an AWESOME job, and the salon itself is very elegant. Definitley give this place a try if you haven't yet.  Full hair salon as well as a full menu of exotic spa services are available.  I think you can also book your appointments online.  I'll try that next time.
Fusion salon is a beautiful space with well-trained stylists. The atmosphere is sophisticated and welcoming. The staff is friendly and flexible. The stylists regularly attend workshops to ensure they are prepared with the latest techniques and products. The web site offers online scheduling requests. Nowhere else in the area offers as clean and modern a facility. The prices are comparable for the service and environment they maintain.
I've been to several different spas in the area trying to find someone that I can trust to wax my eyebrows.  Sarah at Fusion is my girl!  She gets the job done right every time.  She is vey sweet too.  Fusion in general seems to be developing a strong and loyal following, very quickly. The spa interiors are gorgeous and very, uh well, zen.  Even when getting hair ripped out of my head, I sometimes feel like I'm going to fall asleep!  I haven't had any experience with their salon, but it seems to be fashionable.  I'm happy with my current salon, but I get the feeling that these ladies would be just as capable. Fusion is still pretty new and trying to break into the scene.  So they can sometimes come on a little strong with their marketing.  I'm hopeful that will tone down a bit with time. Oh, I am told that Fusion is where all the Mets go when they are in town for spring training.  I guess that's a pretty strong endorsement.
I get all my spa needs done at this place. The massage staff is excellent, and I have used several of them. I also get partial highlights, and haircutes....every single time the service has been good.
I would give them 0 stars if I could. As another reviewer said the staff is rude. I made an appointment and came a lil late (15 min) because I got lost. The stylist said she didn't know if she could do it. I countered with the fact that it wasn't that mush to do and the shop wasn't suppose to close for another 1 hr and 15 min. She proceeded to single process color my hair. When I got the the chair she ONLY DRIED 1/2 my hair because she said they were closing. This salon closed at 6 pm. And by close I mean the pack up before (20 min) then so they are out the door and the shop is closed at 6 pm. I've worked retail a LONG time and closing time is the time you close the door to the store and then you clean up. It is NOT the time you go home. So not only was I left with so so color. I was left with 1/2 a WET HEAD OF HAIR! And they were not apologetic. DO NOT GO HERE!
Horrible service, rude staff, way over priced!  Go to dedra Marcus if your looking for a good salon.  I hope this place goes out of business!
Great salon and experience. I was able to make an appointment same day. Service was great. Highly recommend.
I went here on a recommendation, and Nina did a great job!
