I had a wonderful evening at Albany WB&B. Pretty perfect escargot. Perfect crabcakes, made with a touch of cornmeal. Cheesecake was superb. The waitress' wine knowledge was lacking. Quick fix: educate the staff! A WB staff should be knowledgable enough to 'talk-wine' with customers seeking specific recommendations. Staff was, however, accommodating. And food service was fast. I chose a bottle of 2005 Shiraz from the Barossa valley, and it was FANTASTIC.
The Lark St. Wine Bar is without a doubt one of the best restaurants in Albany. Amazing ambiance, the space is warm, cozy and romantic. They have a limited menu that is always changing. The food is fantastic at prices that are reasonable. They have an outstanding wine list. We stopped in for dinner tonight. Probably the 5th or 6th time we've been. As always, our dishes were delicious, the service was excellent, and we had a memorable time.
Really cool place and the food is good! Organic plates, cheeses and a great selection of wines from all different areas of the world. We sat outside at the patio seating, which was really nice. We had the cheese platter, all cheeses from NY. Very good. The appetizers were Korean short ribs and the asparagus with mushrooms and egg. Yummy. For entrees we ordered the pork loin and i had the cauliflower steak, which was a nice creative combo of grilles cauliflower, with a pesto sauce, barley salad . Delicious, it almost did not feel like it was a vegetarian dish. Yummy creme brulee for dessert. The service was ok, a bunch of younger almost college girls work there, don't expect NYC treatment so be prepared. The downside is that servers were not really experienced it seemed like. Also, our server had paint stains on her arms like she has been painting her house all day ( i kid you not). And the way they are all dressed is overly informal. Overall though the place was nice.
We ate here last year on NYE and while the food was fairly good, the service was pretty horrible because the staff was SO unfriendly. They made us feel like we were doing something wrong and a couple over 60 was next to us and they were attentive as hell to them, but practically ignored us. For reference, we are in our mid-30's and from New York City - we were in town for a concert. I could overlook the service one time since I live in NYC and the place is just adorable so we decided to give it another shot. I called them yesterday to make a reservation for NYE and the young woman who answered said, "We do not take any reservations." I gently said that the website states clearly that is the case, but the two exceptions are Valentine's and NYE. She literally said to me, "Well the website is wrong."  If the website is wrong, freaking update it. IF THE WEBSITE IS WRONG, maybe she could have said, "We are sorry, we are making some changes and that is no longer the case." I could live with that - business change their services all the time, but her tone coupled with the reminder of how we were treated last year left a bad taste in my mouth. So honestly while I touted this place as good in the past, they lost us as customers and I absolutely would remark that you find another, friendlier place to dine. No one needs that type of treatment while trying to have a nice dinner. In Albany of all places - where nearly everyone is friendly. Yono's in the Hampton Inn has just as good food and SUPER nice staff. So that's where we will be going. Setting the bar sort of low if a place in a Hampton Inn is better than this....(no offense to poor Yono).
Wine list is great. Well put together, good range, depth, good value. I'd come back for the wine, but not the food. Burrata appetizer was good, but the entrees were not. With the porkloin, the Risotto was like minute rice with cheese mixed in. lamb chops came out black & blue and had to be re-heated. Butternut squash soup was a bit grainy.
Don't even try going here if you're under 40 years old. The staff is incredibly rude if they think you're not going to spend money.  I came in at 9pm with my boyfriend for a few glasses of wine and was blatantly ignored by the staff for so long that we left without being served.  The restaurant was not crowded and there were plenty of open tables. The waitress came to our table and we were ready to order our first glass. She asked us about our specials and we replied "no thanks,  we're just here for the wine" and she immediately left the table without taking our order. She walked by several more times but never stopped so we walked out. If you want to be a restaurant and not cater to young professionals who want to enjoy a few quiet drinks, don't call yourself "The Wine Bar".
I'm writing this review because after a recent bad experience at a different local Albany restaurant, I decided it was long overdue. Here's what you get at wine bar. *Quiet, cute setting *Great deals on wine *Solid cocktails *Fantastic, unpretentious food *Good service *Sometimes weird art on the walls This is probably the one place in Albany that is always, consistently good. I have never had anything on the menu that wasn't up to my standards, and I'm spoiled as hell having lived in Boston and spending a lot of time in San Francisco and NYC. You won't regret coming here.
What a beautiful, relaxing experience. The courtyard in the back is decorated wonderfully, you'll forget you're in Albany! We were there for drinks and desserts so I can't speak to the food but from what we could see it looked wonderful. The wine and cocktail list is extensive.
I can't rave enough about this place.  The service is excellent, the food is amazing, and the wine is beautiful.  Don't be that person that always orders the chardonnay -- have the talented staff pick something for you as there are tons of great lesser known varietals!
My lifelong friend and I came here last night for Dinner. This place is so cozy. It's great for a romantic evening or just to hang out with friends. Our waitress was so nice, when we asked her questions about the menu, she was honest about what she thought was good, she recommended the house made red wine a Garnacha - it was very good! I had 2 glasses! The place has several fireplaces, so it felt so warm & cozy, Loved that! We shared our entrees, which were Delish! As well as our appetizer which was light and Yummmy! I will definitely go back some day,  it was memorable. The prices are reasonable too. Take your wife/girlfriend here guys - You won't regret it, Trust me!
Very disappointed by service and food. I believe this place was sold a few years ago, did not see any of the staff members that served us when we lived in the neighborhood. Service can be rated as "poor": they kept us waiting for 10 minutes before acknowledging us,  server never came back to our table to ask if we liked our  food despite the fact that she walked by more than 3 times. She also was very cold with us.  We asked for bread and were given two small pieces in  a brad basket, talk about being cheap. We asked for more and were finally given a decent portion. I ordered escargot, which used to be my favorite meal at that place but this time it was horrible: hard to chew escargots in watered down broth. My wife ordered cassoulet, which was basically a bad bean soup. This was definitely not  a french cuisine cassoulet but a nicely tagged American bean soup with some variations to it. Will we go back ? Maybe if the place is sold to people who know the restaurant business. Until then, I will avoid this place.
Wine Bar and Bistro is an excellent choice, always.   They have a delightful cheese plate that showcases 3 thoughtfully selected cheese with apples and honey and nuts and bread (I asked for a few extra apple slices because I cannot have the bread and the waitress brought me essentially a whole cut up apple...sweet!).  I believe the selection changes weekly.   The entrees are not "American Sized"  but they are exactly the size they should be for the quality of the ingredients and price.  I'd even argue that Wine Bar offers a very good value.   On my last visit I had a wonderful salad with grass-fed flank.  After the cheese board (and a few glasses of wine) it was exactly the right protein and vegetable punch I was craving.  The blue cheese on the salad was a little more pungent than I expected and tasted out of balance with everything else, but separate the cheese from the salad and both were excellent.   This is a local place that is doing it right.
The sauteéd calamari appetizer was generally tasteless and maybe two dozen-or-so seconds overcooked---I think the red sauce with which it was served is the only redeeming factor of the dish; it'd do much better with lightly-battered-and-fried calamari, which would not only combat the blandness, but it would also serve as a superior vehicle for the sauce, which was actually pretty good. The beef tartare wasn't bad, though I much preferred the unadvertised Kalamata olive tapenade that seemed to be thrown on the side of the dish as an afterthought. The bread served before the meal, and with the tartare, was very good---much better than most in the Capital Region. The fried "rack of lamb" entrée was OK---not great, and not really even very close to the best I've had in this region at a restaurant---that honor goes to the now-deceased Tosca Grill, and I've even had better at Grappa '72. I was given three fairly small pieces of lamb, despite being labeled as a "rack." The lamb slices had a nice-looking crust, though it didn't contribute much in the way of texture or flavor---the curst, and the lamb itself was generally bland. I stuck with the default doneness of medium-rare, though I think lamb should be a little less-done than what they served. The black garlic couscous, upon which the lamb laid, was actually the most interesting part of the dish, though that's not at all a testament to the couscous. The pan-seared duck dish fared a bit better with regard to flavor, though it still suffered from the stingy plating of proteins apparent at the Wine Bar---I'd imagine for a restaurant that makes most of its revenue from the markup on its wine they could afford to serve larger portions. While eating the duck, I also smelled a mildly-fishy odor from my compadre's scallops---not a good sign. The waitress was helpful and friendly, though it was odd that no one checked-in after the entrées were served---it wasn't until after the plates were ready to be cleared (long after it was apparent that no more wine was to be ordered) that anyone asked how if the meal was satisfactory. Overall, the Wine Bar and Bistro is the highest-rated restaurant in this region to which I'll likely never return. If the portions were slightly larger, I'd probably give them three stars (the food quality is good-enough for that), though it still wouldn't warrant a return visit from me.
I am finally free to review this place. I had always loved it before. French bistro fare is definitely my jam and, honestly, in the capital district, it doesn't get any better than The Wine Bar and Bistro on Lark. The interior is a dream to behold. Naked brick walls everywhere with (i think) maple wood tables very artfully placed. There is also a little nook (called the "make out booth") that is the most perfect place for a date that I have ever seen. The wine list is award winning and the sommeliers, Jonathan and Kerry, can seriously upgrade your knowledge about wines. When I first ate there, I was an earthy red drinker. They progressively steered me into the north Italian whites and the New Zealand Sav Blancs. I am now a convert. The food: I loved it before, but, since chef Jason Baker has taken over the menu, it is absolutely the most innovative food in the region. I think you'd probably have to go to Manhattan to get something comparable. The Hereford rib-eye; the carborata pork belly, the calamari risotto (which is actually calamari sliced to mimic grains of rice), the skirt steak w' carrot risotto, christ, even the vegetable antipasto are dream dishes. And the price???? The costliest dish on the menu is the rib-eye which is just 26 bucks! Do you know how much you would pay for that in New York? 3X as much, easily. All the food is handled with such a level of care and passion that it floors me how little they actually charge for it. The garnishes are not just afterthoughts, they are delicious and obviously the product of some very serious work and experimentation. I never give 5 stars because perfection is a myth. I wouldn't be doing it now but I can't figure out how to give 4 and 1/2. But still, you owe it to yourself to get some of this food while you can. We're all gonna die someday, lets have our minds blown before then.
If I dated guys who were super-classy or were loaded (Hey! It's not like I don't try...just happens to be the way to ball rolls....), this is exactly where I would want them to take me for date night. I'm sure there are plenty of sexy places around Albany, but so far, this is the only one that has really jumped out at me as being a WHOA DATE PLACE. Lucky for me, I have girlfriends who don't mind having girl's night here. Ha! Anyway, let's talk a little more about ambiance, shall we? Eat by candlelight. It's incredibly lovely and does wonders for your complexion. Intimate tables and booths...private little nooks and crannies and exposed bricks. It's like the owners made this place for little lovebirds. Note: They don't have a dress code, but it's definitely a good idea to wear something a little nicer. Granted, I have walked in here a few times unexpectedly and with street clothes, and everyone was still super polite, but I felt a little out of place. As the name suggests, the Wine Bar has an extensive wine list, with a great range in prices. Most wines can also be sampled by the glass. The last few times I was there, they actually had a sort of "happy hour" special on their drinks--they had a special list of by-the-glass wine for $5 or $6. Not too bad. The food is simply fantastic. I am obsessed with their butternut squash ravioli with apples and pancetta. It is absolutely delicious, and comes as both an appetizer or entree. The sweetness of the squash and the saltiness of the pancetta is a truly remarkable combination. They also have some good salads on the menu, and a scallop that made my friends go gaga. Do not pass up dessert; their cheesecakes are so awesome, and it's uber romantic to split it with your honey. Your tab will be a bit pricey, but you pay for quality, which you get in troves here. It's always a great little treat, or a great place for a date....
Anyone who offers a fresh fig salad in the summertime can pretty much own me. The Wine Bar & Bistro is oh so trendy and hip, but I don't care when the food and wine is just. that. good. I've been here in the wintertime in the private 'make-out booth', dining outdoors in June, and simply hanging out with a glass at wine at the bar. Each experience has had its own charms. I'm a sucker for subterranean restaurants with exposed brick, and in cold weather it's lovely and cozy. The outdoor patio is lovely too, and although I was hesitant about the crowded appearance of it, it did not feel that way once I was seated and I barely noticed the tables around me. Someone's got an eye for design there. We also had a lot of fun just chatting over wine at the bar - the owners and staff are quite cool and knowledgeable to boot. I tried a rose on their recommendation that was just wonderful. Their wine list is ginormous but they have daily specials if you want a small list to select from. Anyway, onto the food. It's interesting, fresh, French inspired, and beautifully decorated. There's always at least one vegetarian offering*. We've tried several fantastic appetizers - their dips and crostini, olives, salads, and fruit/cheese plate. It isn't cheap, but I believe in you get what you pay for, so it will be a treat for me to come here when I want to indulge. * although... I found out after the fact that the asparagus soup contained duck fat(!) thanks to AllOverAlbany.com!
WOW! WOW! AND WOW! My husband and I  came here to celebrate our 6 year anniversary after hearing a recommendation from a friend. I don't even know where to begin. The ambiance of the restaurant made you feel like you were dining in a wine cellar, incredibly romantic with a ton of energy. We were sat at the table in the "nook". The entire staff was so attentive and so knowledgeable on their wine and dinner menus. We had shared some small plates and an entree that was absolutely to DIE FOR! With every bite, our mouthes watered for more. My husband even ate things that he never would have tried and loved it! To make dishes that encourage your clientele to push themselves out of their comfort zones and allow their taste buds to try different flavors that they normally would not, is a huge accomplishment.  The wagyu steak was amazing. The ahi tuna was amazing, the linquine with spinach and shitake mushrooms and white truffle oil was amazing. We did not have anything here we did not like! Our waitresses probably heard the moaning and groaning coming from our table because with every bite we dramatically vocalized how good it  was. Before dessert came, we were already thinking about when we could come back. This is by far the BEST meal I've had since living in Albany and I cannot wait to come back! You will not be disappointed! I guarantee it!
There is no other place in the Capital region that compares to this place.  I've stopped in before for a glass of wine and always enjoyed the atmosphere.  But since Jason Baker became the executive chef I'd been chomping at the bit to go there for one of his tasting menus.  We had previously experienced a tasting menu with him before in Greenwich and in Glens Falls.  But now that it is only a 20 minute drive for us I hope we can experience his creativity more frequently. We called 5 days ahead for the reservation and requested a tasting menu priced to the level of the milestone-age that was being celebrated.  We let Kevin, who took the reservation, know that there were no allergies that Jason had to be aware of and we were willing to give him total flexibility in creating the menu.  Here's a synopsis without mention of the wines that sommelier Jonathan so expertly paired throughout our feast. Amuse Bouche - a dehydrated "New England bake".  This consisted of all the things you would expect in a meal that typically consists of corn-on-the-cob, baked potato, butter, shrimp and leeks.... except all these things (yes, even the butter) had been dehydrated so all of it was crispy and small bits.  My wife said the consistency reminded her of a chex-mix.  Great mouth-feel and mind boggling. First Course - Salmon.  There were 3 components to this.  Layers of salmon-belly were "glued" together with a protein, salmon tartar, and a sunny-side egg.  When mixed all together the flavors were wonderful. Second Course - Shrimp. The shrimp had fresh fennel on top, along side were salt baked grape-tomatoes and  bouillon.  While very good, this was probably my least favorite course. Third Course - Charcuterie.  Pancetta with home-made pickles, cheese and a consommé that would have been good all by itself.  My mouth is still watering over this course!!! Fourth Course - Sous Vide Skirt Steak.  The steak was served with a carrot risotto, goat cheese and a leek ragout.  Excellent!!!  My wife got to enjoy a bit of left-over on this the next day and said the carrot risotto was still amazing. Fifth Course - Fois Gras Soup.  I don't even know were to begin trying to explain this one, but it was delicious.  There was a fried ravioli with a thin layer of chocolate in a clear liquid that also had chips of chocolate.  Neither one of us can recall what the ravioli was filled with.  But it was truly outstanding.  The chef had never made this before and we were told he was still thinking the concept through when we first arrived two hours earlier. Finally, they brought out 3 small samples of deserts that my wife was too full to even try, so I had to eat all three. ;-)  One was chocolate with raspberry, another was also chocolate with a thin slice of pear, and the third was a lemon tart.  Oh, so good with the cappuccino. This was truly a creative and memorable dinner.  Definitely looking forward to returning and trying the regular menu.
I came here with a friend after work just to catch up once. We got seated right near the door, so it was a bit of a tight space, but I'm not going to complain because I got in right before their special ended. I can't quite remember the exact price, but it was a 3 course meal for about $25 and they were nice enough to honor that, even though they could have easily told me that I was a few minutes too late. Their food was amazing. I believe I got the pork belly. It wasn't too big of a portion, but it was enough to fill me up. As another reviewer mentioned, there wasn't any wine snobbery. The waitress that we had was extremely helpful and friendly, without being too "in your face." She didn't rush us out when we had just finished our food, and gave us our space. While I haven't gotten the chance to eat outside, I've heard great things about it. In fact, I live within earshot of their outdoor patio, and quite frequently, I'll hear a lot of laughter and sounds of enjoyment coming from there. I'm hoping to go back soon! I'd definitely recommend it for a date night or a special occasion.
This place is so cute and romantic it's not even funny.The outside seating area is just the perfect relaxing atmosphere. The staff was very helpful in picking out wines for people like me who don't know anything about wines! The food was also great. This is a great date place, but make sure you go with some one you like otherwise it kinda of ruins the memory of this place and you're stuck for like an hour and a half with someone you can't stand but can't leave because he might kinda know where you live and he's really emotionally sensitive and might break down if you leave...come on we all had that experience!
This is hands down my favorite restaurant in Albany. Never disappoints.  Portions are a little small so you end up buying a few items, which makes the price add up.  But nevertheless the food is amazing.  I especially love the grilled scallops over lentils, prosciutto, and mushrooms.  Also tried the charred beet salad the other day, which was a delicious mixture of beets, ricotta cheese, and some type of vinaigrette.  This place also has (naturally) a great wine list- gotta love when a restaurant's wine list is longer than the food menu!   Other perks: great ambiance (a lot of small romantic settings and fireplaces), and the menu changes several times a year for some variety.
Yeah, OK, the hype is (almost) justified. It was a tough break for them: we came for our first meal after a week of gastronomic tourism in Barcelona, 8 or so Michelin stars and a vast amount of really excellent food.  Then I was feeling down that we were back, saw a review for this place, and called up a day in advance to request a tasting menu.  So the bar was high - competing with El Bulli is tough! And no, it's not at that level.  But when the biggest criticisms (on  a menu that clearly shows love and understanding of ingredients as well as joy of creation) are a suggestion for increased viscosity on one sauce, and that the elements of one other dish don't quite gel despite being superlative individually - well, this is just excellent, sparkling cooking.  Both Jenny and I figure that it's hands-down the best meal to be had in Albany - we sat there saying, repeatedly, "this is Albany!  This is only 15 min from home!"  So we concede that it's not Per Se; the difference is perhaps that between a personallised, impromptu menu and one polished by a staff of 40 and a thousand iterations.  But at a third of the price, and 95% of the quality - it's the proverbial no-brainer. Chef Jason was accomodating of allergies, personable and interested in the diners; Kerry offered thoughtful wine pairings and eccellent service.  We'll be back soon and often.  Go now.
The food is great, the staff is informative, and the prices are reasonable. My husband and I like to go here for the massive cheese plate and a couple glasses of wine. There's no wine snobbery here either. The servers give you the same level of help in your selection whether you're spending $30 on a bottle of three times that much. When spring eventually comes to Albany, be sure to check out their patio!
- overall rating: 4.5 - bit of a wait but that's to be expected when you ask for a specific table (which I did) on a saturday night, try to get there before 7pm if you can - ask for Jonathan, he'll help you with your wine selection; overall very personable accommodating staff - reasonable pricing for portion size and food quality - cozy and intimate, great place for a date; fire place, exposed brick walls - will hopefully be back again in the warmer months for an outdoor dining experience
This cute little wine bar has more sophistication than the people of Albany know what to do with.  The wine list is literally endless, with something for even the snobbiest of wine connoisseurs.  Bottles are carefully priced for people of all means and, if your party can't agree on a bottle, there are plenty of selections to choose from if you prefer to order by the glass. The menu is slightly overpriced and not necessarily the most vegetarian friendly, but most items sounded decadent.  The absolute best part of this wine bar, though, is the outdoor garden.  It's small and seats less than 20 people, but each table sits beautifully under a swooping canopy of greenery and vines.
This place is a gem.  HUGE wine list and an epic menu. The atmosphere is pretty chill but I'd say decor comes in third behind the wine list and food because it can get cramped at times. This MAY be a good thing though...especially if youre looking to get cozy next to someone else.  The staff is also ALWAYS attentive. Wine Bar is great all year round- the fire places are great in the winter. In the warmer months they open up their backyard patio and put some tables outside in the front of the place.   Highly recommended
the atmosphere makes this place. In the warmer months they have a lovely enclosed back patio, in the winter there are 3 fireplace to cozy up to. And don't forget the private, romantic "make out booth". Wine selection is better than it was under the previous management as is the menu. The service has improved as well.
The wife and I went here this past Friday for a little wine and a bite to eat.  We both loved every minute of it.  It's a perfect spot for a date night.  As previous reviewers have mentioned, the inside has a great romantic feel.  A little something we noticed; the people who dined inside were a little more dressed up than the people on the patio.  Not sure if this was just a fluke or if that's how it usually is.  It was nice to see people not in jean shorts and sneakers at a nice place. My review will lose any credibility here.  The food was amazing but we really don't remember the full details of every dish because of the copious amounts of wine that were had. We started off with a cheese plate.  There was a softer Spanish cheese that was amazing.  My least favorite was the cow milk Asiago cheese.  It was just too hard to slice for me to fully enjoy.  I was nervous that when I was cutting into it a piece would go flying across the table.  Yes, this is me trying to find something to complain about. For dinner we both ordered off the small plates menu.  I had the wild mushroom ravioli with truffle oil which was fantastic.  She has a pasta and shrimp dish.  Both were VERY flavorful.  We ended the meal with a dessert of Challah bread that we forget how was prepared but that to was great. We will certainly return here again to try more of their food and wine. P.S. I almost forgot to mention their HUGE selection of Turley wine.  It is rare to find a Turley wine at a local restaurant, let alone 18 different options at one place.  They had multiple years for each Turley type. Get the Hayne Vineyard if you want to splurge on a Turley.
I love chef Kevin P Everleth's creative, and (more importantly) delicious foods. If they were a little cheaper, I could afford to go there more often (so it's probably a good thing that it's not, heh). Not being much of a wine drinker, I still like the occasional glass or two here. The bartenders (or are they sommeliers?) have always been really helpful in having me narrow down a glass to try.
Great basement restaurant. I wasn't sure what to expect from the outside, but the wine selection was great and the duck was out of this world good!
Great classy spot on Lark! I had a great first date here once... many moons ago... it was a friday night and I had sweaty palms after trying to find a parking spot and then having to parallel park. Not a great way to start the evening in Albany. So I walk down into the basement level nook of a place and it was so warm and cozy. I felt the need to have theme music playing as I walked through the door with the new snow melting on my cheeks. But alas, I just looked and sounded like me. The atmosphere is very welcoming, and it's usually pretty low-key and quiet (not library quiet, but you won't find any loud frat guys doing shots of Pinot at the bar). Their wine selection is always top notch and their recommendations always hit the spot. Go! Now! And drive safe!
Although I have some issues with the douche of a owner he sure can run a restaurant, even is he is an asshole about it. Bitter old men oh well.... The sommelier, Jonathan who has been there since I used to attend this venue (before the new owner) is fantastic. I've been going here for years. I love wine but I am not expert by any means. I have always told him what I was in the mood for taste wise and price wise and he has never been pretentious about it. He knows wine period and he's very helpful. The food is also great. Briefly in my time working here once I saw the high standard of ingredient and cleanliness in the kitchen. The food is often seasonal which is great. Also you can just stop in for a quick bite as there are portions in tappa size both hot and cold. I had some Jamaican jerk ribs and my mouth was on fire, I was impressed with the heat they packed. Even the snails (which I tried for the first time) were good, but not my thing lol. The duck and tuna steak if they have it is also to die for. The cheese and fruit plate is also a classic. Oh and the arugula salad is simple yet refreshing. Let's just say I LOVE THE FOOD HERE. Oh the rizzoto yummy too! I also enjoy their gratis french bread with oil, feel free to ask for a second helping! And you don't have to empty you bank account while you eat here, some portions even under $10. Sometime this place get busy... you wonder why? If your on a romantic date the "make out" booth is great. Little corner table that is practical invisible, a lot of privacy. Also they have a generous amount of outdoor seating in the back and a few tables in the front, where you can really take in all the glory of Lark St. If you want to plan a large party they have a private room upstairs. I have never had a bad bottle of wine here. Probably because Jonathan is so good as his job. They have great specials and a very large selection of various price ranges. They also serve beer on tap for those of your friends who haven't gotten on the wine train. Simply a must !!!!
The wines can be very good.  I found a few of them a little stale.  The whites were delicious. I tried the vegatable appetizer.  It was Delicious!  The duck tongue was interesting, but the very good part was the sauerkraut with vinegar like sauerbraten sauerkraut.  The duck was an add on. The veal cheeks were tender and light flavored, but frankly middle of the road.  The two chocolate desserts were good with the flourless cake being less good than the other. In all, the sommelier was helpful, knowledgable, and friendly.  I was impressed with his choices and recommend going here.
I was so afraid that my little neighborhood wine bar would be ruined when it was sold late last year. Instead, it's better than ever! For awhile, under the former owner, wine supplies were always running short or were out altogether. And the menu slowly decreased until there was little else other than bread or a basic cheese plate. But now Antica Enoteca has been born again, and I couldn't be happier. The wines are a little pricier than they used to be, but the food is delicious! Try the duck with blackberry sauce and parsnip puree - it's amazing. The desserts are really good too. The new sign outside though is a little goofy. I'll forgive that though.
I've been going here for years now; it's about time I wrote a review.  Of all the restaurants in Albany, this is by far my favorite. Consistently delicious and creative dishes and consistently excellent service.  The wait staff is knowledgeable (most if not all are certified sommelier), friendly and prompt, and the menu is always changing, with intriguing additions, (Calamari "Risotto" with Pancetta and Curly Thyme Broth... braised veal cheeks, bone marrow, etc.) - the wine list is of course extensive and very well chosen. The ambiance is cozy and warm (working fireplaces), featuring artwork from local artists, and good soft lighting.  In temperate weather, there is a charming outdoor patio in the back, enclosed. My favorite aspect about this place (other than the food) is the melange of guests - you will see a refined 45-year-old stock-trader in diamonds next to a punk 23-year-old skateboarder on a date with his studded-leather girlfriend.
Love love love wine bar. All of their food is local and delicious. They have a fabulous cheese plate, and wonderful wines. You can easily just "nosh" for dinner on appetizers and cheese and wine and be a very happy camper! Last night I got the Gouda Risotto and Pea Soup and  both were great. The cheese plate had three kinds of cows milk cheeses from local farms that were excellent as well.
This restaurant definitely deserves a 5 for ambiance. We sat at one of the two tables in the front room near a fireplace, and then in the back there are a couple more very small rooms and at least one other fireplace I saw. It was romantically lit and there were a few people sitting by the bar drinking wine. Our server was great. She was very helpful with our wine choices and was there whenever we needed anything. I had the small plate of mussels with lobster sauce and bacon. Unfortunately there was hardly any bacon - couldn't even taste a hint of it. The lobster flavor was weak also. My friend loved her huge salad. This is a great date spot or a nice place to catch up with the girls. Even though we thought the food could have been a little better, it's one of the best restaurants I've been to in Albany.
Fancy place for a great glass of fine wine on Lark St. The bar mood is not typical, very small place, but its very private and romantic with brick walls seperating the tables and candles set into the wall, some fireplaces (non working). Gives a feel like I was in an old castle basement. Great Austrailian wine choices. Go for the reds and Tasty tapas as well. Little pricey, and it can get crowed fast, so you are not gaurenteed a seat, go in the middle of the week, not on a Friday night, unless you dont mind getting close to strangers.
We didn't have the wine because I had to drive back to NYC but this place had excellently done foie gras with all the right trimmings. The smooth and luxurious taste of foie gras was seared just right along with the tart and sweet of kumkwat and beet juice. I was not as enthusiastic about the pepper crusted meats. This is probably because we did not have wine at a Wine Bar and Bistro. I realise that the meat would meld perfectly with a good sharp glass of red. I had the filet mignon and my partner had the tenderloin. Atmosphere is like a very foo foo shee shee place. All the hipster are cuddled around intimate tables. The owner, Kevin, was not far from us table wise. He and his close four friends were laughing and joking and having a good time to the point where I felt the whole place filled with a good time too.  Being tucked away down a set of stairs to a brownstone house added along with the candles and draperies to gave a very romantic atmosphere.
This is a great place to go with a smallish group - the place is quite small so its hard to find seating to accommodate more than 4 or 5 people.   They have a nice wine selection although sadly I've only had the chance to experience some of their lower priced selections.  To their credit, though, Wine Bar offers several quality moderately priced bottles and their staff is great at giving enthusiastic recommendations at any price range. We've ordered tapas here a few times and I remember being pleased with it each time (and sometimes wishing I wasn't sharing with so many people) but I can't remember anything specifically.   Bottom line:  Great for an intimate gathering just beware of stained lips & teeth from the red wine (Boo!).
Sure, it's in a basement - but that just makes it cozier and sexier. It's not the kind of place you want to go with someone you want to keep your "distance" from (which was my problem, NOT a good first date spot as I was in a corner booth sitting dangerously close to my date). Extensive wine list (obvi), cute bar and the food is good (but not cheap). Take someone here that you like or want to impress... or just go for a glass of wine and hang out.
This place has a really extensive wine list (they were just recognized by Wine Spectator, I believe), generally really good and inventive food, and a relaxing but upscale, cozy atmosphere. The outdoor patio in the summer is fabulous, if a little cramped at busier times. My one issue has been that the service is really hit or miss. I was recently there two nights in a row, and it was a perfect example of how opposite they can be in terms of the attentiveness. The first night, some friends and I just went for a bottle of wine...easy, right? It took forever for someone to take our order, forever for the bottle to come out, and a good 5-10 minutes after that, they brought out the bucket for our white wine (which had been sitting in the 80 degree heat)....without any ice in it. So much for chilled and refreshing on a hot night. The very next night, I went for dinner, and maybe it was the fact that we had a different server, but she was 10x better - attentive, prompt, non-invasive and not pushy, and both of our entrees and wine came out at perfect intervals. If you can deal with those inconsistencies though, this is one of the better options in the area for wine/dinner/late-night (or, like me, if you want to forget the fact that you live here and want to pretend that you're somewhere else haha). I always really enjoy it and foresee it being one of my regular spots for as long as I'm living in the CD.
There was a time I would have given them more stars. When I first started going maybe two years ago it was amazing. The chef was obviously being inventive and the food was quite good and creative, especially for our area. I have tried most things on the menu and nothing ever missed. Instead of a total play by play of things ordered, I will take one example, the vegetable  antipasti platter. It used to easily feed two before a meal and the preparation of the food changed the way I looked at vegetables in the kitchen. Charred leek int he oil? Crisped or freeze dried greens arranged in combination with roasted beets, house roasted pistachios, and other delectable titbits. The last few times I a have been there there was a visible difference. The creativity was gone, the portion much much smaller. My friend and I had to fight for the sole tiny beet. Gone was the amazing (I don't even know what the process was - freeze dried?) crisped veg garnishing the platter, and the charred leek or scallion dust was hardly there ... was it there at all? Believe me, there was a time that I loved this place but I feel like something has changed that carries through to all the food. Is there a new chef?? I want this to be a four or five store resty as I believe it truly should be but based on my past visits I feel like it has gone down hill a little. That being said, I am giving it more go in the next month or so.
This place is so damn cozy.   I've always had friendly service with great recommendations (the wine list is huge and overwhelming) and tasty nibbles.  I guess I should probably try an entree here one of these days, but the cheese plates and dessert list always distracts my group.   And yes, the outdoor patio is cute, but even in the summer I want to settle in for the night in the exposed-brick indoors. Better yet, I might camp out here for the rest of the winter next to one of the fireplaces, drinking $5 mugs of mulled wine.  Seriously, why am I not doing so? Right now?
Thoughtfully prepared, excellent menu, fantastic wine selection. i'm a big fan of protein, so the menu doesn't disappoint. There was a jamaican spiced sous vide venison chop on the specials this evening and it was quite delicious. Not sure I would  bother with the sous vide for the method, it didn't break down the sinews in the chop very well, but hey, chef's got a circulator and damned if it isn't going to get used all over the place on the menu (the pineapple chunks with the crab fritters for instance). While not inexpensive, the value is reasonable and prices perhaps just above what you'd consider a good deal on eating, but I'd prefer to pay the extra $1-2 for a place like this to be able to justify being open. And there were some good buys on the wine list as well. Service was admirable, but it was a slow night, but overall, conscientious and attentive as I'd like without being overbearing. 4 stars because I wasn't blown away, but I expect for Albany, it's about as good as it's going to get for this modern a menu in this dreary a town.
What an incredible meal in a nifty atmosphere. There was a lit of a wait, but we were walk ins on a Friday night, so we ordered a bottle of wine to help keep us company during our wait. We were sat in a nice little two top near the front of the restaurant. We started with the mussel special, which was fit for a king. Labeled as a starter, there was easily enough to call this a meal and for only $12! The mussels were tender and delicious, with a tangy mustard broth. We also had the roasted bone marrow, interesting plating, the bone rested on top of a mound of sea salt, perhaps to help conduct heat. Then we had the scallop entree, which were served over lentils and a smooth and sweet curry sauce with some cauliflower florets.  And a clam/house sausage linguine. Luckily the entrees were nicely proportioned, especially after the large and delicious appetizers. It was also the first night of a great art exhibit, contemporary art with musical themes. A lot of the art used reclaimed materials, which in the lower (garden) level establishment, looked very cool on their walls. I will definitely return.
MK & I went here for the first time on our way to the Spectrum to see the documentary Gerhard Richter Painting.  It is tricky to find at first, but once you see the steps leading down off the street and make your way off lark street you are in a different world.  I was immediately chilled from the AC when they asked if we'd like to see the patio.  Yes.  It is charming, very small - maybe 10 tables, surrounded by a stone wall and a canopy of vines overhead - very charming and very romantic.  Perfect.   The dishes are a kind of tapas style.  You can choose from amuse bouche, starts, small & large plates.  We chose the Mussels, Clams, Cockles Small Plate, Kurabota Pork Belly (this is a bun served with their own kimchi), Veal Cheek also served with kimchi, and a smoked trout salad.  Four dishes were plenty for the two of us.  The presentation is lovely, the ingredients are super fresh and I imagine locally sourced, and the tastes are really good -- especially their homemade kimchi, their own pickles (although the star anise flavor is a bit overwhelming but fun), and the meats are succulent.  Here is my big criticism:  the meat dishes are too sweet!  There is entirely too much sugar and too much cinnamon in the "glaze" they are making.  I wonder whether they are catering to a clientele that wants the fresh, innovative, contemporary foodie experience, but not willing to give up the sweetness to make it palatable or what?   I give it 4 stars for ambiance, service, ingredients, and  inventiveness, but knock back to 3+ for the sweetness of the meat.  I wanted to taste the Pork Belly & the Veal Cheeks! I will certainly go back and try something new.
Ok, I know nothing about wine, so I didn't even go there. Just ordered a beer! But my food was really good. And the server was very pleasant. It was definitely a nice place for a romantic date.
When I first walked into the Wine Bar, the first thing that hit me was how beautiful and charming the place is on the inside; it almost looks like a secret tavern that you'd plan to overthrow the King in back in 18th century France.  To add to this mysterious and beautiful charm, the wine is delicious and plentiful, the service is wonderful, and the appetizers are absolutely delightful as well, if a little pricey.  Definitely my favorite place to sit and relax w/a glass of vino after a long week; I highly recommend it!
This is my favorite restaurant in Albany. The space is intimate and beautiful. The service is great, and the food is terrific.
I've been here about a half dozen times under the prior ownership & never thought it worth writing about -- but recently I was there for the first time in warm weather, when the charming, cozy back porch was open.  I wasn't there for dinner, but the salad I had was one of the best I've had in the area.  The wine list looks bigger, too.  I don't understand why they'd have so many W. coast Pinot Noirs & nothing from the Russian River Valley which is prob. the best PN region in the Americas (cf. winereviewonline.com/rus…) but that's pretty much par for the course for the capital region....  The stranger thing, though, was that they served our red wine in white wine glasses.
I ate here for the first time Friday night, i have to say i'm ashamed of myself for not eating here sooner.  The food was amazing!  There are things in normally wouldnt eat that were in some of the dishes that i devoured!   Just thinking about how delicious everything was is making my mouth water as i type this!  And the service was awesome, everyone there was super friendly!  I look forward to going back!
Wine bar for drinks is 5 stars. The food here very creative but I wasn't completely thrilled. Love the staff. Have some of the best wines around and is the only place of its kind on the nightlife scene in ALB.
I will admit that I know nearly nothing about wine, as I primarily haunt a local beer bar with a vast selection, but I am getting started in the great big world of wine.  I've been here a few times, most recently since they changed owners, and I've never been disappointed.   The staff are friendly, the wine list seems well balanced and the prices are as I would expect.  My only complaint the last time I was there is that it was way, way too warm.  I look forward to returning to try their menu, as I was pleased to see many vegetarian offerings and interesting ones at that.
Same location as Enoteca but an enthusiastic new owner, godawful new name, new selections of wine, MUCH better light dining menu but my head hurts right at the moment. Ow. If "It's a Wonderful Life" was based on broken wine glasses, I would have been four Clarences. Thank you, happy little wine bar. Ow.
AWESOMELY INSANE Restaurant, this is one of my favorite restaurant in the city, I come here every often with my family and friends. The service is good and they have a very friendly staff. And the best of all was the FOOD!
I absolutely fell in love with this place when I went there and I don't even drink!! I think it was mostly the element of surprise. I had no expectations walking in the place on Lark street and in the basement. I didn't even had any expectations until I sat down in one of the cozy places inside. It was winter time and the place was perfect for a group of friends to chat on wine. All of my friends drank some special kind of wine and they loved. I was drinking water and enjoyed company of my friends in one of the best ambiances I have ever been in. I will recommend anyone who is looking for a nice romantic date and loves exotic wine.
My wife and I heard great things about this place so we couldn't wait to try it.  We got there at 5.30p on a Friday and got right in.  If you arrive later than 6p, you might have a wait though. We got a few dishes, bottle of wine, and dessert for ~$100 (including tax/tip) and it was well worth it.  The staff was knowledgeable and friendly.  Our high expectations were met and we'll be back many times!  Bravo.
I had the Hanger Steak and I must say it was very nice. The restaurant is cozy and the atmosphere laid back. Great service and very reasonable places.
One of the best places we have in Albany. 4 stars because they don't offer enough New York wine!
The food here is good. The service and ambiance? Not so great. After being seated at a very tiny table my colleague and I attempted to get the server's attention multiple times before she came over to take our order. When she finally did she said she would bring us bread. She eventually brought out two tiny pieces after we had been served our entrees. I would only return if I was in this area again and someone else insisted on going.
Great food. Great menu (especially for vegetarians). Would be perfect for a date night but only if you already know the person!! Do not, I repeat, do not come here for a first date. They are leisurely with the service. We thought maybe they were doing the whole European thing but decided that was not the case since it was well over half an hour between us sitting down and them coming to take out drink order. More attentive service would definitely bump this review up to a four or five. But two hours start to end for just apps and dinner is longer than I prefer.
The food is good, but the "large" plates are really about the size of a typical lunch portion. Definitely not what you would expect for $23- $26.
Fantastic food. Had the duck sous vide with ginger chutney and a lovely plate of mostly local cheese.  Nice ambiance inside, but am hoping next time to get a seat on the beautiful outdoor patio, which was packed on the Friday night we went.
Been in the Albany area for 6 months and the one thing I miss the most from my hometown is the cuisine. I don't understand why there's a dearth of good food here? This wine bar is the only place I'll ever take guests.
Amazing ambiance. It's very pretty and romantic inside. This is a great place for a special occasion. The food and wine is NOT cheap. The cheese plate is delicious.
Nice wine selection and the food was great. Overall a very nice vibe. Candles and dim lighting add to the atmosphere. Highly recommend!
Wine Bar and Bistro is my favorite restaurant in Albany. The food is inventive and the service is top notch. Jason Baker hits the ball out the park every time.
4 stars for the wine and the food. no stars for godawful service. After some initial difficulty trying to get into the place (the door wouldn't open for some reason), we were promptly seated, our drink orders taken, the drinks brought out and the food order taken. That's when the service went to pot. Our server brought out a plate and a small bottle of olive oil and poured some of the oil on to the plate. After about 20 min we started to wonder why we had it because there was no sign of bread. The bread finally did come out AFTER our entrees. In the meantime, the other server/bartender was eating a sandwich and pouring himself a drink behind the bar. Once the entrees were done, we had to wait a while before someone came by to take our plates away. Then we went on to dessert which took a while to get to our table. With the desserts done, we were ready to pay but no one seemed interested in stopping by even though two of us actually put their coats on. Maybe that wasn't enough of a hint. We finally managed to get the server's attention and had our credit cards ready by the time she brought back the check. After another interminable wait, she was back with our cards and we thankfully signed off. The servers were always friendly and polite but very inefficient, and if we were to go back there, we would settle for getting a bottle of wine and skipping on the food. That part of the service was fine.
Why 3 after all the other great reviews which by the way I agree with (on ambiance and creativity) - PORTIONS. My daughter's boyfriend and I order the night's special Chateaubriand for 2 @ $35. #1 Chateaubriand is a full size steak not 4 slices, add to that that both he and I have hearty appetites. We both had apps and still left hungry. Sorry the price did not match the portion. I ate in NYC the following night the priciest city in the world and my portion of grilled red snapper was literally 5x times the size and a lot less money. Add to that it was my birthday. This place has so much going for it but come one, the small portions are an issue. I ordered dinner not an app!!!
This is my Trip Advisor Review from November, that I should've yelped!!! It's a restaurant with the personality of a serious grad student still trying to define its purpose in the world... As the name suggests, it boasts a pretty comprehensive wine list for such a tight and cramped establishment. Don't let the youthful appearance of the Sommalier fool you - his dry personality is an intense seriousness towards wine - he knows his bottles, is very focused and professional to a fault. A little less intense but equally passionate was our server, "K"... I say we lucked out, compared to some of the other "stuck up" young ladies. The cheese plate was VERY balanced, particularly nice with the tempranillo we enjoyed during our 2 hour wait for our table (as opposed to the original 45 minute wait we were promised)... Pork fat ruled the night and was certainly a main star! The pork cheek bathed in maple sauce and bacon... Wonderful! I really wanted to love their featured salad - cold asparagus with salmon jerk and goat cheese (they boast their cheese making...), but out portion had cheese that tasted more like ricotta salata than the herb scented goat we were sold on, so where'd the "tang" go? The duck and truffles potatoes were another hit, which was good because their braised lamb shank, while perfectly braised was lacking salt, and the risotto croquettes were anticlimactic and lost in translation. All in all, food is on it's way to something wonderful but make reservations because it is uncomfortably tight. Do talk wine with the Sommalier, he is impressive! See you again in a couple of months, once the executive chef has recovered from the newborn duties!
Seriously, what's not to like? The wine selection is outstanding; the food is delicious; the staff is helpful, and the atmosphere is cozy, romantic, hip,  and a whole bunch of other positive adjectives. This is a great place to go on a date or with a couple of friends.  As long as you bring some good company along, I think it would be pretty much impossible to have a bad time here.
Came up here just a couple of days ago for a Friday night dinner. We wanted to sit in the backyard but it was all full! The night was super beautiful. But they seated us close to the outside area lol in a 2 person booth. The food was FANTASTIC. Everything we had was just flavors exploded in our mouth, but I think we were also starving! The lamb in the entree is a must order item on the menu. It was just so delicious and the black garlic cous cous underneath makes it a complete circle along with the sumac yogurt. The charred beet salad is amazing... the chimichurri vinaigrette... yumm... and the slices of oranges you get just adds a splash of brightness in your mouth. We also had the pan seared pork belly... the sunchoke relish was what makes it! We also had the crab cakes, The tomato and cucumber salad that goes along with it was delightful. We need to go back there and try other items soon. Only reason it's a 4 because the seat was a little bit uncomfortable... Feel like the booth was too tall and when I wanted to cross my leg it would hit the table and slam into my boyfriend's legs... and also the food came out really really slow... wish we had gotten the bread as soon as we sat down so we are not drooling over hunger. But overall, it was a really delicious and enjoyable dinner.
Stumbled into this place and am in heaven. Cozy, friendly and delicious. Love it - is my goto-place for Albany.
Exceptionally well prepped food, intriguing menu, excellent wine choice, lovely service.
Everything was Good but nothing knocked me out.  Good menu selection.  Watch out for the waitress(s), one slipped in a 30% tip and service was not so great.
Excellent food. Really enjoyed the outdoor patio. Crawfish salad was great. Snapper Nicoise was excellent. Meal for two (2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 beers) was $95 with tax. Great experience and would definitely go back.  No background music on back patio... would have enjoyed some background noise. Overall an excellent experience.
