Blue skies meet over 13 miles of white sand in New Smyrna Beach, consistently voted one of the "Best Beaches". New Smyrna Beach lays claim to the best Florida offers--excellent backwater and offshore fishing, golf, historical sites, cultural events and eclectic shopping and dining experiences along historical Flagler Avenue and Canal Street. Just south of New Smyrna lies the Canaveral National Seashore, which offers excellent swimming, bird watching, hiking and more. Anglers at nearby Mosquito Lagoon have set international records with giant redfish catches. Deep-sea charters leave New Smyrna Beach daily, giving offshore fishers an easy way to wet a line in the beautiful Atlantic Ocean. Many historical and cultural sites also make New Smyrna Beach noteworthy. From the Turnbull and Sugar Mill Ruins, to the Eldora State House and the Ponce Inlet lighthouse, the area is rich in history. Named one of "America 's Top Small Cities for The Arts," New Smyrna is home to the Atlantic Center for the Arts, an artists-in-residence community and educational facility, the Harris House, the Little Theatre and Arts on Douglas . Frequent arts shows featuring visual and performing arts take place throughout the year. Flagler Avenue and Canal Street, which were recently renovated, feature several quaint shops and cafes. It should be no surprise that the second oldest city in Florida is also home to many antique shopping pavilions. New Smyrna possesses a distinct hometown quality reflected in its cracker architecture, lush tropic landscape and community. Enjoy culinary delights from fresh seafood to steaks and pasta on the waterfront, or under an umbrella at a sidewalk cafe. At the end of the day, retire to a charming bed and breakfast inn, family-size condominium or oceanfront hotel. Great place to call home.
How did I forget how awesome this beach is?! Just an hour away from Orlando and you are near here! This is one of the beaches that allow cars actually on the beach and its only five dollars to park. The sand is soft and not gritty like Cocoa. The water isn't blue like the bahamas but it's clear enough to know where you're going. There aren't any rocks there either. I did find it hard to look for facilities like a shower or a near by bathroom as signs for those aren't so clear. There is a snack stand on the beach for small cravings. If you decide not to park on the beach you can also park at the adjacent parking lots with boardwalk to the beach for no cost. Have a beachin time!
Nice beach but it was hard to find a parking space.  It was very nice to park, unpack and be a few feet from the water.  Overall, a great beach.
I love the boutiques and the beach is nice! Generally not a major touristy spot at all, which is great! Walk up and down the beach, rent a scooter, drive up on the beach and pitch a tent, or rent a water board or surf board!! For a small beach town, there really is a lot to do! And it is not far from Orlando at all.
What a wonderful beach city! Full of cute eateries, awesome fishing spots, and of course; the beach. I was overwhelmed with a sense of nostalgia as I was walking down Flagler ave and saw many older couples playing shuffle board, it was an activity that I use to watch as well when I was a little kid growing up in Miami Beach down in Flamingo park. I was also amazed with the number of classic vehicles being driven in the area, it was almost like stepping back in time to a place when life was simpler. This past visit served as a reminder that I need to frequent this city more often.
Always fun to visit... A lot of snowbirds, including my grandparents have been coming here for years :). Very nice area, well kept, cute little town areas... Not too much to do here but a very nice beach and great relaxing area.
This is one of my favorite beaches in Florida.  You can drive your car out on it but you can't drink alcohol or bring an animal.  Daytona is just a skosh away.  It's a beautiful beach and nice access to the ocean.  A grea place to laze away an afternoon in the sun.
I like this city it is quite and peace full and the beaches are really nice without a lot of childish kids. There is plenty of places to eat around here and places to explore, Daytona Beach is only a few miles down.
