Really nice and classy theatre. It's just like any other main stream theatre you can find in most popular towns. There are two movie theatres where I'm at, and this is the theatre that I prefer to go to the most. Concession stand is just as expensive as any other theatre so don't be fooled in buying any unless you're really craving it.
The pavilion is a good mainstream theater. A ticket is usually around $10 except you are old (above 60), serving the United States with your life (knocks $1.5 off) or study (works only mo-thu). The sizes of each room are great, I would assume they each sit 350. The seats are recline able to some extend which is amazing! Also the armrest can be raised, making every seat a love-seat or fat-seat. Depending on your preference. Beware it gets really cold! So bring a sweater. Also they don't sell ice cream, which is ridicules for a movie experience ;)
Not much to say about this one except, Great customer service, Very clean and Comfortable seats. Love this theater!
This is the best (newest) movie theater in the area.  This is the place for the 3D movies.  I hope they add an IMAX here some day.  They serve beer and wine at about $9 glass which makes it even more enjoyable.  The seats are the most comfortable in the area as well.  Not much bad to say.  Prices are about average for movies but with a Regal card you do get some discounts and occasional free soda, popcorn and even a free movie as well.
If I go to see a movie when I'm in town this is where I go. It's not the best I've ever been to and it's not close to the worst I've ever been to. I usually like to go early when it's not crowded, the place is clean, the popcorn is fresh they have stadium seating good selection of movies it's all good.........
Nice theater, very expensive concessions... Made my first trip to Port Orange to check out a movie. I had been told that this theater (formerly a Hollywood Theatre) was worth the slightly longer drive. Here are a few thoughts...Seating was far more comfortable than AMC and Epic. The cloth seats had plenty of padding, a bouncy recline and armrests that can be raised. Space side to side and front to back was less than other theaters, more like on an airplane than some of the more generous layouts. Concessions were very expensive, seemingly way more than other local theaters. Next time I'll hit one of the chain restaurants. For the same amount of cash I spent on popcorn and soda for 3 we could have had a proper meal. Display of the movie was fine. Sound was OK too, but AMC pseudo IMAX kills this presentation, and full sized IMAX is another story entirely. If you are local, this is a great theater but if you want state of the art presentation you might have to look towards Orlando and make a special outing of it.
Clean theater. Pretty big and nice comfy seats!! Kind of expensive but not much different than most movie theaters. The popcorn is always great here!
Nice theater!  It was $18 for two of us on a Sunday night which is about standard for a newer theater.  Theaters are clean, comfortable, and stadium style.  The middle armrests also lift up which is nice for some added comfort.   Everything was clean and quick - good place for a show!
The individual theaters are on the small side but clean and the seats are comfy. I went on a Monday night and was offered a free small drink (50 cents to upgrade to large) and a "selection" of $2 candy. I took them up on both offers and chose red vines which tasted vile and I almost took them back but decided it wasn't worth the hassle. The theater had good sound although like everywhere the previews are too time consuming. Will make this my "go to" theater for first run movies.
Nicest theatre around the area. Clean.
For port orange, I always enjoy visiting the pavilion and especially the theatre. The auditoriums are good in size and prices are reasonable. Staff seem to have their act together with cleanliness and operations. I'll be back for another movie.
This is a good, clean theater with comfortable seats,  good viewing angle, sound, etc.  It is, however, very expensive so that it would be nice if they had an inexpensive matinee once in a while.
Love it!  I always have a good time at this theater.  It's never messy (when I've been), wild people aren't running haywire, the seats are comfortable, just all around great!  There are discounts for seniors and military.
good prices, way better than in MD... student discount... nachos with double cheese and self-serve jalepenos... neat sinks in the bathrooms. lost star: bathroom not as clean as could've been, ac was set to warmer than i'm used to in movie theaters.
Pretty much your only option in Port Orange!  I found the seats to be pretty comfortable and also reclining  The place was just recently open so  it is still brand new.  The bathrooms are nice and the staff seemed friendly.  One ticket was $7 and so far I haven't encountered any bad elements sometimes associated with large scale movie theaters.
By far the best theater in the area.  Best clean and crisp digital picture and good sound.  Theater has always been clean and in good repair.  Never had any complaints about this place - always enjoy watching here.
I thought this theater was great the last time I was here but it seems like it has fallen a lot... The outside appearance was great still but once inside the theatre it was different.  Dirty floors I have never seen a theatre not offer free refills on large drinks you only get one... The prices where actually not bad but I would rather pay a little more for a better experience.  Once we got our seats it just made it worse most theaters have leather seats now this one being semi new you would think it would.  The seats looked very dirty and the once we say in where broken.  The seats her are also small I felt cramped.  During the movie I noticed the picture quality was not the greatest the sound was not the greatest and the theatre had to much light. I expect it to be dark and the only lights I should see are the Exit and floor lights.  Where the camera was it was putting slot if light off in the back of the theater and you could hear it which is normal but it was a lot louder than normal.  The bathrooms also looked very dirty.  I am comparing this to the theater that I usually go to AMC and I think if they open one over here and make it like my regulate theater it would make a lot of money.  Hopefully next time I come back I will have a better experience.
Best movie theater around. Offers good military discount and great screens. The only downfall is they used to offer coke products and now offer Pepsi.
Too expensive even w/ the senior discount. Uncomfortable seats. You'll do better in Ormond Beach or Deland.
Very nice. Clean, new, and  high quality. The only thing is that's it cost more than the Beacon theaters in NSB.
nice theatre recenly bought by regal.
Great Theater !
Nice clean theatre with stadium seating. Matinee is $8 and $7.50 for seniors. No lines for tickets or concession on a Sunday at 12:30. There are ticket kiosks too. There is plenty of free parking. Large popcorn is $8 and includes free refill with receipt. They serve Pepsi products. You Can  join their rewards program for discounts. Bathrooms are modern and clean.
