Well it's apparent since the new face lift this place hadn't been reviewed I will snap a photo next time I'm on Flagler it's not the same. It's Tuesday night mostly locals the streets are empty and this is a great spot to have a few drinks with friends and what a deal no place that I know of can a couple drink mix drinks for over two hours and cash out for 30 bucks don't know what a red bull and Ketel One cost but I had more than several. It was low key and you could  actually carry on a conversation. But this is not the norm on the weekend get ready to let your hair down and the party is on. You will find every personally you could ever think of rednecks to high society great music and lots of alcohol flowing so let the timid be warned. ROCK ON!!!!!
Traders, Where to begin?    From the moment I walked into the door I was greeted with the aroma of failure. What does that smell like? Well i'll tell you. It's sort of a combination of suntan lotion, cigarettes, and cheap cologne. The inside of the place sort of reminded me of the movie Hot Tub Time Machine. If you haven't seen it, it's about a bunch of Men going through mid life crisis. They go into a bar and try to relive their glory days. Which even writing that is making me sort of depressed. No more depressing than waiting 5 minutes at the door to be treated like I was 15 with an Arizona License. Never in my life has it taken someone so long to add up the years.   The decor looked as if the owner had cut out a bunch of cereal tops and mailed them in for posters. It made me want to get drunk in a hurry, so I guess it served it's purpose. My friends and I picked a corner spot and decided to shoot a game of pool. Service was good and our server was very friendly so all set aside we decided to stay.   All of a sudden some drunken idiot stumbled into my friend while she was about to shoot. When she asked him what the deal was he yelled at her and threw a piece of chalk on the table. Then proceeded screaming at her and getting into her face. He should've been kicked out but oh wait, He was the owner. I will say this, judging by his establishment I had him in my mind as way worse.    He looked as if he hailed from Jersey and was telling the weather forecast to my friend's face. Who would treat paying customers, not to mention three of the five girls in the establishment this way? From what I heard around town and during the situation taking place, this is nothing unusual for Dave. He's lucky people still come into that hole in the wall.    If you're looking at Flagler Ave. as a place to party, Don't. But if you don't have a choice there are plenty of other places to stumble to. Hell, i'd even go to peanuts first.
@ $5 bucks a beer they rank among the most expensive cold beers on flagler. Thursday is $3 red stripe which is a good deal and fun. watch the tourist and locals mix it up on the dance floor as the DJ stumbles through song selections.
In almost any big city Traders would be considered a dive bar, but in NSB it's a hotspot. They don't have a "large" selection of beer but they do have great drink specials. They also have live music and a dj. Definitely a place to check out if you're in NSB.
I am glad that after all these years of going to NSB I finally went in to Traders on a Friday night.  The place had a good mixture of locals and snowbirds and my niece and I had a blast dancing to live music and people watching.  They offered two for one drinks.  We enjoyed ourselves and would definitely go back to dance and drink with the locals again.
Not sure if this place is a "dive bar" sports bar or roadhouse?  Cheap drinks ( 2 dollar Red Strip), 8+ TV with sports, live music. Would not take the kids here.  Hot dogs and free popcorn if you need it.
We went there on a Monday night to watch the football game.  They have a big-screen projector TV, and a decent sound system, so it worked well.  We got there early, and made use of one of their two pool tables.  They have a full bar, but no food; they are happy to order it from Clancy's, which is a short walk away (they provide the menu, you just have to go pick it up).  The bartender was great and very helpful.  Unfortunately, our team got smoked, but we had a great time anyway.  I recommend it as a nice place in general, but also good to watch a game.
Traders' always provides a good time.  Everytime I've been there, they have had a live band with a DJ playing disco music during sets.  It's very entertaining to watch people dance.  Traders' seems to draw a very diverse crowd, which makes for some excellent people watching.  They have a full bar with a very helpful staff.
