Garbo's is an interesting place. The Yelp headliner on it, "American Traditional," might be a little off unless one would consider what is predominantly a gay bar and gay eatery, though welcoming to all, as being American traditional. But then again and though overlooked as such, there really isn't  anything more "traditional" than a gay bar. You may want to take a moment to think about that, but if you do, you'll probably have to agree. Garbo's is situated way out on South Ridgewood Avenue, far from what is downtown Daytona and it is actually more of three part complex. It has the restaurant area, a back dance floor and show area, and an outside patio bar. The restaurant serves up some rather decent food, especially good are their fish tacos (3 for $8.00), and their "Mask of Fu Manchu" which is a battered fried shrimp ($14.00). I also found their wait staff to be extremely pleasant with, as one might expect, possessed of a kicky gay sense of humor The back dance floor has some pretty good music, rather fun drag and impersonation entertainment catering to a general crowd of 20's or 30's something. The outside patio bar is pleasant enough though during the summer season you may have your flesh dined upon by the local mosquito population. The one downside about the place are the wimpy drinks. There's definitely no bang for the buck in the typical drink they serve. In most urban areas it would be a Three Star, but for what it is and where it is, I'm going Four Stars for Garbo's.
Garbo's is the community hang out and entertainment complex we have needed in thee greater (or is it lesser) Daytona Beach Area for decades. Good food friendly regulars anc staff and an inviting inclusive atmosphere, which I have never seen in my 40 years of bar hopping.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!! Garbos Lounge...not just your average community restaurant and "hot spot". Where you are not just friends...you are family. The food is cooked to perfection. The entertainment is off the charts. The owners Sandra and Gloria go above and beyond to make this establishment Daytonas BEST! It is very clean..welcoming...and all staff are friendly. Stop by and say hi...you won't be disappointed.Bartender Chris always has a welcoming smile and personality.
A decent potential hampered by owners who don't know how to serve customers. Each time I've been to Garbos, the staff have been helpful and competent, the crowd has been OK, and the prices great. But the owners have been conspicuously rude and gruff. Rather than checking in on customers, greeting them and making sure everyone is happy as they should, they bark at customers who enter at the wrong door (no signage), or, as tonight, ask customers to get up so they can move chairs inside well before closing! This isn't how you foster a loyal customer base. It's perplexing!
Great Lunch, cant beat it for $5! We had the gyro and fish and chips. Both were delicious. The lamb was superbly cooked. The fish and chips had a crunchy exterior and tender fresh meat inside. Will definitely return.
Great Place to eat and drink! The owners are awesome and very friendly! Food is fantastic,  especially the hamburger I ordered. Drinks tasted great and were low price!
My experience at Garbo's was beyond terrible! I was there for an event with about 150 others. It was a great opportunity for them to show off there restaurant/club but they were understaffed (one bartender to serve all of us); they presented enough appetizers to feed 10, not 150 and they weren't even good, dreadful to be honest. Many of us elected to just order from the menu, but we were rudely rebuked by the owne who told us we couldn't do that. Why she didn't want to take our money, I have no idea??? Her kitchen staff was there. I even met the chef. A few of us walked into the main restaurant to escape the crowd and the heat and we were greeted by a very friendly bartender who was happy to serve us, as she had nothing else to do. As soon as we sat down at the bar to order, the owner came running out to inform us that the restaurant was closed and that her bartender was not allowed to serve us. I asked the bartender why she wasn't in the club helping the one bartender, and she said that he didn't want her in there. I guess he wanted all the tips, even though the guest had to wait forever for a drink?! This was a nightmare and what was so bizarre is the fact that the owner seemed so stressed and belligerent towards the very people who could have become loyal customers. I WILL NEVER GO BACK THERE!
