Great service, good funky craft beers and an outdoor area to enjoy live music...with your dog! Yep they're dog friendly. Been look for a cool place to enjoy the scene and beer and this is it. Great atmosphere here. Go check it out!
I absolutely had a ball here. It was unexpected. Driving through DeLand can be such a quiet drive thought a quaint little town. Saturday night, I almost forgot that I was in DeLand (in a very good way). At night, it was lively, the crowd was laid back, and it was just nice to be outdoors in such an unassuming setting. Live music was on point.. Blues, soul, funk, and Motown sounds kept me dancing throughout the night. The drinks were okay (I tend to like a heavy pour). The one less star because my "captain and coke" could've had a bit more rum in it. I will definitely come back again and just have great time hanging out with great friends in a fun/cool outdoor setting.
A lot of fun late evening!  Live band that was pretty good.  They have an outdoor and indoor bar so if you don't like the love music outside, you can go Inside and listen to the jukebox. Great bar hangout and good for people watching!
Cafe DaVinci is what downtown DeLand is all about!! The inside is a cute, little intimate art bar- perfect for a 1st date. They display canvases painted by local artists with reasonable price tags. They serve rare craft beers in the bottle and on draft, regular domestics & a full liquor bar. What makes this bar OUTSTANDING would be the outside area out back. There's another bar, several round cast iron tables with cast iron chair & a nice sized stage for local talent. My crystal ball reveals a spring night of awesome entertainment in my near future!!
This place seems like it's finally under better management. The pool area could use a little TLC, but the outdoor starting is fantastic, the drinks are good for the price and the live music is usually awesome.
In DeLand visiting family, we wanted to find a local place for some drinks and my sister in law suggested this place. We LOVED it!! Great outdoor space with huge gateway doors, and lots of architectural salvage creating a fun, funky vibe. The band was great (Bath Salt Zombies- GO SEE THEM if you get a chance!) the seating was comfortable, the service was ... well, it was ok but the bar is close by so if you were ready for a round before she got back to you, it was easy enough to go get it yourself. And, the place is very dog friendly! There were several canines enjoying the band and the atmosphere- we wished we had brought one of our own pups along. Definitely will be back when we are in town again!
I love the atmosphere of this place. The outside patio is what I would imagine my back yard to look like if I lived there.  The layout is awesome and bursting with character.  I'd imagine the place gets awesome when you include a few big bands. The only reason I am giving this four stars is because I would like to see a few crafty cocktails on their menu. I understand it's not for every bar, but this place just screams it to me for some reason.  The drinks weren't unreasonable but a little pricey for your generic vodka cranberry and such.
Cafe DaVinci is Deland! This is arguably the absolute best place in Central Florida for live music. The courtyard is as if it was dropped right into small town Deland from New Orleans. With kick ass music which is free most of the time, a full liquor bar and reasonable drink prices I'm not too sure what else you need.
Went for a visit while visiting a friend (Hi Julie!). Good drink prices, great service and awesome atmosphere.
Stopped in for a few beers but did not stay long.  The outside area is spacious and attractive but something outside had my allergies going crazy.  If you're sickly and prone to astma attacks, stay inside!
I cannot overstate the coolness of this bar/performance venue. It is located next door to an architectural salvage store, and the courtyard outside is filled with all sorts of ancient odds and ends, with strings of light bulbs strung between the trees. There's a great selection of live music several nights a week, as well as a great selection of beer and wine. (On nights with music there is typically a $5 cover.) The staff is friendly, as are most of the other people you'll meet here. Far and away the best place to spend a late night in Deland.
Great open air stage with live music great beer and full liquor. Just what DeLand needs!
