Great place! Great food! Great prices! Great service, especially Brittney a stellar waitress, and a definite asset to the business! ;) ~ Suzi & Eric
in the tourist area of daytona beach, not many good restaurants around, until we found this place!!! a great english style pub with a laid back atmosphere, good service, huge selection of beers and THE BEST fish and chips i've ever had!!!! the batter is so light and airy, not that greasy, heavily weighed down stuff most pubs serve up!! also tried their scotch eggs as an app.....almost a meal in itself!! the fish and chips at this place was so good, had to stop by a second time to have another go!!! on the strip, it is the best, reasonably priced restaurant in the area!!! the only thing i could complain about is their coleslaw.....GROSS!! even the server said that most customers hate it, it's not made in house and comes in a large box, pre-made and dry. i don't know why a place like this takes such good care to make such great stuff and then skimp on making coleslaw, one of the easiest (and cheapest) things a restaurant could make in house!! GO EAT A FISH SANDWICH OR HAVE THE FISH & CHIPS HERE - IT'S A MUST!!!
"See?! I told you black people don't tip!" Could you imagine hearing that shouted over the speakers after you pay your meal and walk out? This Is what we heard as we left Black Sheep. He wasn't a server or a waiter, he did the live music. The "singer" was whining that we didn't give a tip. We were the only ethnically diverse group there, so of course he was talking about us. It was incredibly inappropriate. Honestly none of us saw his tip jar until we looked back, but after what he said he deserves nothing. Really, how dare you? FYI. We tipped our waiter nicely. And you will indeed feel like a "black sheep" here if you strike a nerve with the passive aggressive princess.
Awesome dinner very reasonable prices great atmosphere nice waitstaff will be back again. Meatloaf was very good plenty of food. Beer is ice cold.
Excellent. Pork chops were sooooooooo juicy!  Amanda was a great waitress. Good prices.
Live music today, Saturday night. No wait for a table. Great atmosphere. I had a patty melt, my husband had the wings, both tasted great. So many beers on tap... Last week we waited for a table at a chain, now feels dumb, should have been at the BlackSheep! Loved the music. Our toddler did as well. Can't wait to go back! Family friendly and just good all around. Lots of TVs to watch the game too. If you are looking for an experience, this is the place to go.
The service here is great. Kyle treated us great, even when one of the drinks sucked he replaced it without an issue. The drinks were amazing, expertly made and mixed prefect. Great place and highly recommend!
This is a nice restaurant with good food and service.  I was in the mood for Irish food and they had Sheppard's Pie which was quite good.  They also have other English and Irish menu items. Interesting note:  I had to walk past Charlie Horse and Bonefish Grill to get to the Black Sheep.  There were large crowds at both of them.  I was able to get into the Black Sheep, get served and enjoy my meal while others were still waiting in lines.  This restaurant is worth a visit.
I think this place is really about a 3.5. We were looking for a good hamburger, and since the reviews were so good, we decided to try this place. The atmosphere is fun. It is a nicely decorated and very clean restaurant. The server was friendly, and our food came out quickly. My only real "complaint" is that the hamburgers were not cooked correctly. Asked for medium or medium well? Got well done. Wanted well done? Got... Crispy. If not for that, the experience would easily be a 4.
Solid.  Great service.  Had a good burger.  Big place with lots of room for a group.  Great selection of beers.  Fish and chips looked authentic.   Good to meet the boys out
Delicious --- lunch time . Good food, beer choices. Good portion sides. I had fish and chips. Very reasonable prices
Good food and best place to get good beers.  They may be the only place in the area that knows what an IPA is.   Good Irish food and service.
Finally a place with great food besides seafood. Love this place! Great happy hour specials (everyday), great staff, tons of tv's for the games, great food, nice portions and great prices!
So I was in town for a conference a few blocks down the street, and without a vehicle.  Honestly, I wished someone had informed me of The Black Sheep earlier, as I most likely would have spent more free time there, with it being in walking distance. . Offering a very reasonably priced lunch menu of select, lunch size portions, at $5.95, I most likely would have visited here for lunch more often.  I enjoyed the Lemon Pepper Shrimp Pasta.  An alfredo style sauce, with maybe a tad too much garlic, but not too much to say I wouldn't order it again, served with several nicely sized shrimp and bow tie noodles. I had originally found The Black Sheep on a Wednesday, and ventured in for dinner.  Quite busy, however I found no trouble locating a seat at the bar, and was quickly greeted by a friendly bartender.  To my surprise, Wednesday night is trivia night beginning at 7.  So TVs and entertainment to boot with dinner. I was actually surprised by my order of bangers and mash.  Real mashed potatoes, a two juicy irish sausages, both of generous proportions made me happy.  I would also definitely order this meal again. Offering almost 40 beers, advertised as rotating, and sporting a really nice, dark wooded decor, this location may be overlooked by some visitors.  However, if I had a chance to visit Daytona Beach again, I would absolutely make The Black Sheep a place to stop in for lunch or dinner.
Great food cute atmosphere quite homey.lots of televisions the bartender was very knowledgeable even the owner came over and spoke with us. Invited us to come back for trivia.. Will definitely return. Have to check out the lunch menu even includes a drink at $5.95. Obvious it's a local spot so the food and service must be good!!
Great food, atmosphere, and beer selection. The menu is a bit limited but this is made up for by the high quality of the food and service
Friends and I drove up to take a break from Daytona Beach eateries. We ordered the country fried chicken, shepherds pie, fish and chips, and sweet potato fries. Sweet potato fries came with a butter cinnamon dipping. Country fried steak and shepherds pie tasted alright but the veggies that came with it tasted weird. 4 of my friends who ordered the fish and chips said that the batter was soggy. Overall experience: meh.
This place is pretty cool. Great atmosphere (old british feel) Great beer selection (Smithwicks & Boddington's Pub Ale on draft)... and they have a full-on happy hour $1 off drafts.  Import beer at domestic prices.   Awesome bar staff. Live Irish music. I've had a few of their meal options for food, but my absolute favorite is their fish and chips.  Two very generous fish filets, thick, succulent/moist, and piping hot.  The fries were classic restaurant fries, but they were crispy and hot. I strongly recommend this place... it's a great place to unwind.
I have been meaning to dine here for quite some time since it's so close to where i live. I've had a lot of mixed feedback so i was a bit reserved. It's by far the cleanest "pub" i have been too. The place still has that new smell to it. After we were seated, it took more than 5 minutes for the server to come to the table. she was kind and friendly, but not knowledgable regarding their menu or the happy hour specials. The place is loud so be prepared. even at 4:30pm. I ordered their house burger, which was overcooked to a the point that any form of moisture had disappeared. Their scotch eggs were mediocre at best. The beer selection was great and for that alone is worth it. Judging by the other reviews,  their food is hit or miss. i hope it's a hit next time.
Very nice restaurant.  The music was decent enough for dining and the food was really really good. Our group ordered pretty much everything and the only thing that failed were some stuffed, breaded mushrooms.  The wait staff is fun and very attentive. Also there's plenty of parking all around the restaurant and entrances on both Atlantic and the side street. I expect to go back there.
Been to the Black Sheep twice now, and am pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed it.  By far the best aspect is the beer selection; I am amazed at how difficult it is to find quality craft or otherwise interesting beers in Daytona, so this place is a welcome relief.  It seems like a good place to have a meal or just hang out with friends.  My wife and I are visiting during the slow season, so the staff are very attentive, but not in an annoying or aggressive way.  Had the ribs the first night, and they were so very good.  Super tender meat that just falls off the bone - no teeth-pulling or bone-gnawing required!  I recommend giving this place a try.  It might not be your thing, but you won't know until you go.
My husband and I were in the area to enjoy a weekend at the beach and it ended up raining. We decided to stop into The Black Sheep to keep us entertained during the storm. What initially made me want to try this place was their large beer selection. They have over 30 beers on tap and many of them craft beers. We came during happy hour where the beer was $1 off. The prices were pretty comparable to other places. We ordered some chips and salsa to munch on while drinking. The chips were good but the salsa wasn't. The menu claimed it was made in house, but if that is the case, then the cooks need to learn how to use seasoning. Our bartender was very friendly and helpful. If my beach weekend ever gets rained out again, I will be sure to stop back in.
I have a home in Ormond Beach and can't believe I have not been to the Black Sheep before today. The food was excellent and we all enjoyed the fish and chips. I like good beers and the selection was excellent which is hard to find around here. The service was very good indeed, this place will become a regular for us. I had my wife, mum, kids and and my grandson with me and we all had a good time.
First, I DO NOT review an eating establishment based on it's decor. The cleanliness, service and quality of food is what matters and why I'm there. I usually take these review sites with a grain of salt as I've experienced a lot of customer reviews seem to be very one sided. So... My wife and I visited this establishment probably three times within the first few weeks it was open (one visit being on opening night). Friends wanted to go and we were invited so why not, right? Service: What do some of us that have been in the service industry know about the first month or two? You better have you ducks in a row!!! Does it happen? NO WAY! And this place was no exception. I've never been to a place that had a perfect running line (kitchen), wait staff or anything else for that matter, in the first month or two. For some this is unacceptable. For those with a little patience and understanding it's no big deal. The wait staff were running their butts off and some, sweating their butts off as well. You could see the terror in their eyes (the place was packed opening night) but as soon as they approached the table it suddenly disappeared with a smile and a apology. Our visits that followed after opening night seemed to be much smoother on the service end of things. It takes a bit to get into the swing of things, I've been there. Food: It's English pub food (and some American dishes) with a verity of beers, mixed beer drinks (that you won't find anywhere else in this town) and a full bar. I thought the food was right on par for an English eatery. Let's be honest here, I've had worse with some of the dishes and I've had better (just being realistic here folks). If you have one dish that you don't really like, do you stop there? I hope not! If that's the case, you're missing out on a lot of good things! I haven't had anything yet (at the Black Sheep) that made me want to return it to the cook or walk out. I'm assuming the menu will be reworked as any other place does while ironing out the kinks. In my opinion the place has good food, cold beer, pleasant wait staff and is VERY clean. Our friends seemed to like it as well. My thought for anyone who "didn't like" this place is... Go back in a month or two and try something different. It might yield the same results, but you won't know till you try. I'll be going back for good food, cold drinks and fun times with friends.
Love these guys!  Friendly service, good drinks, excellent beer selection, and Honey Habanero wings.  Yum!!!
Super beer selection , great comfortable setting , really good pub fare, probably the best fish and chips in the Daytona area .
Great sweet potato fries! They come with a cinnamon dipping sauce..to die for! Server very knowledgeable about the beers and they offer flights.
the house beer is really good. service is just OK & food is good. It's a sports bar inside which I didn't expect from the outside appearance. Definitely have the house beer, its kind of a lager.
Nice beer selection. Great fish and chips. Love the live music
Excellent UK Pub styled restaurant - only complaint, no Mushy Peas... to make if feel like you are dining in England!! The Fish and Chips are some of the BEST in town and their sweet potato crinkle fries are wonderful. Also love the fact I can get a great Liver n Onions meal and a wide variety of beer selections on tap.. Just wish they were closer to our place than on beachside.
Waitress was attentive.  Beggars burger was good. But fries were cold. Hubby had award winning fish and chips - fish used was Swai - and again the fries were cold. We're just passing through - but probably wouldn't stop again.
We drove from NSB specifically for trivia night only to find out they decided not to do it this week. We stayed anyway and jumped on the Wednesday happy hour deal, getting $2 beer. We ordered one of their brews but honestly it tasted like a Bud Deisel. For an appetizer we got the Scotch Eggs. Neither of us had heard of it before and thought it would be something fun to try. The fried outside was great but the egg seemed a little overdone. For the main course we roses the Union burger and the Black Sheep famous fish sandwich. The burger was ordered medium but it was cooked much more. All the fixings were quick to slide out so it was a steady game of refilling the cheese, onions, and bacon. Overall, the burger was good but wish it stayed together and wasn't so done. The fried fish seemed watery but the portion size was just right. Overall, very clean and well-lit for a pub. I recommend calling ahead for confirmation of trivia so you don't go specifically for it like us silly out of towners. Now we know!
Had the grilled Mahi Mahi... Delicious! But can you really mess this one up? Cobb salad also solid as a side to split. Don't recommend any appetizers as we tried a few and they weren't anything special. Wifey had the southwest chicken sandwich and would recommend it to others. All in all a decent stop for some grub.
Had a dinner special of ribs, chicken, & shrimp. Grilled shrimp were outstanding. Chicken & ribs were average. My friend had chicken & shrimp alfredo. She said it was very good but a little light on seasoning. Outstanding beer selection!
Great pint Great curry
Really good service. Love the fish & chips!
Well I don't drink beer, so I can't appreciate the selection so many reviewers seem to appreciate. I do like cider, which they have, so I was happy with that. That's about all the positives I have. Server wasn't great but not bad. The food left a lot to be desired.   It was plain just not great. We had fish and chips & shepards pie.  I was still planning on going back for drinks and check out their trivia night. The week I planned on going, I find out that it had abruptly stopped. Well I wasn't going to be going there for the food., so I don't see myself going back. Now, while I personally haven't had any attitude from the people who run the place, and anything I hear repeated  could be grossly misquoted, I did see on their Facebook page, they rudely told a customer who wanted trivia back (and one would think that hearing from someone who was their regular customer would count for something)  to get their facts straight. Now, I really don't care what the facts/circumstances surrounding the trivia ending (other than I wanted to check it out) or the customers comment. What I do care about is the way I can expect to be treated as a customer. It seems to me that there were a number of better ways to handle it. Still I give them 2 stars for strongbow cider.
We went for a late lunch and they were pretty empty.  They have excellent lunch specials, which we all opted for, along with some fried mushrooms and some chips and salsa and everyone all said their entrees were really good.  My son got the shepard pie and his only complaint was that it was too small (it's a decent size but he LOVES a good shepard pie).  I got the bangers and mash, which was HUGE.  The sausage had a really good flavor and the potatoes were real, not out of a box.  Friend got fish and chips, also huge and BF got chicken fried steak, also huge.  I can't even imagine what the dinner portions are like!  Service was excellent, food great and a great value for lunch, cheaper than most fast food.  Would definitely go again if I was in the neighborhood.
Food was ok. The fish and chips were not what I imagined. The chips were the exact same fry as Burger King offers. I suggested they do a hand cut fry and the manager did not handle it well. My friends shepherds pie was really good. We will give it another shot to see if the other options are better.
Went their the other night for the New York Strip steak.  2 of the 3 strip steaks were very fatty and 1 baked potato was brownish, not white.  But service was very good. and prices were decent.
Me and my wife have been here several times over the last few months.  In particular during their trivia night on Wednesdays (fun times). I always get their Sheppards Pie which says what i think of it.  My wife has had several of their dishes including the fish and chips a couple times...she's Irish and thought their fish/chips was very good.  She's tried other items and has not had a bad dinner yet, though the fish and chips is her favorite.
Service was friendly (Shelby). Food came out hot and fast. Fried mushrooms were crispy and good. The fish and chips were excellent. Bread pudding was so-so. Was not very busy on a Saturday at 5pm but I think the weather was not helpful.
Been here several times now.  It keeps improving with age, like a fine wine.  The beer selection is fab, Old Speckled Hen being my fave.  Great burgers and my English pal loves their liver.  I tried the fish and chips when they first opened and they were just plain BAD, but I hear that they are right on time now so I will have to give them another shot soon.  My wife loved the cottage pie and our friend also loved the shepard's pie.  Did I mention great beer?
Good food, affordable. British, american cuisine. Fish and chips, sheppards pie, and wings were really good.
Absolutely splendid beer menu, with many great beers on top at all times. Great English beers like Old Speckled Hen and Monty Python's Ale as well as American greats like Rogue Dead Guy Ale top the list in my opinion. The fish and chips are great and the wings are surprisingly good and excellent service. Great place for a beer and a football game (American I would add)!
It might be more of a 3 1/2 star, but not a 4 star.  Nice clean pub, solid food, good beer selection.  Very friendly staff.  I'd go back again.
Over average food with Wednesday night trivia.  Waitresses were friendly and recommending food entrees.
I had really high hopes for this place, it's close to my house and it looks really nice.  Inside the place looks as good as it does from the outside, kinda an open concept English pub.  The beer selection was good but there was more Irish beer than English beer, which is disappointing because I love a good English bitter.  I ordered the wings and the crab dip, the crap dip was really disappointing, it was thin and the crab had to be hiding because I couldn't find much.  The wings were nice sized but they lacked flavor, the Hot was barely a mild.  The lack of flavor is not uncommon in Daytona due to places cutting out seasoning due to the old people.  I know this place is new so hopefully they are just getting their receipts in order and everything will be better if I come again.  As for service, it started off great, our server was friendly and attentive and then he disappeared.  He was trying to handle tables inside and outside and we got lost in the shuffle.  We were going to order more drinks and food but after about 20 minutes with no contact we decided to head across the street. As I said above, this place is new and I am sure they are still working out all the kinks, I'm going to give it some time and see how things progress.
I've been looking for a place in the Daytona Beach area that has a good beer selection, and so far, this is the best tap I've seen.  Visited on a Friday night during a storm and it was fairly quiet, although surprising bright for an Irish Pub.  (I was very surprised at how bright the lights were, it was a little off putting.)  Our server was attentive, knowledgeable and honest about food and drink selections.  The mussels were great, but it is a small portion.  My husband and I were pleased both with our food selections and drink selections.  Seems like a good place to hang out, so we'll be back.
The Fish and Chips are the best available- an old recipe that they have served over the years in their restaurants. Good selection of beers and fun evening events- Jazz night on Thursday and Irish Music every Sat and Sun.  Sam is great as are her staff. Great service!
the best food ever!!!!  the best service ever!!!
