Absolutely a Great place to hang out for drinks, Food; I had the mahi tacos, they werent that great, very "americanized," flour tortillias, dry and overcooked mahi. I've had much better fish tacos, the ribs wee much better, the steakwas ok and the chicken salad was awful. Good drinks and specials, busy popular spot. I recommend going here after dinner!
The wait was long but it was bike week.  The steamed shrimp were great and our waitress was really nice.
So here's the thing about the Ocean Deck. I love the staff, so  by no means is this a bash against them. The food here is good and I strongly recommend it for lunch and dinner upstairs, however during busy season, it does get super packed (not a bad thing always) so it's really hard to get a drink at night. The bonus the Ocean Deck has and has always had is that they have a party place right on the beach. You can literally walk right down 3 steps and party on the beach. I always walk down the beach to get there, I don't even bother driving, it's much quicker to be honest than fight traffic.
Came here the day after the race since we were going to the beach.  Ate upstairs in the A/C.  I was expecting super beach bar/restaurant food and got good burgers and fish dip, nothing to write home about but a good place to go while at the beach.  They have free valet parking.
A fun place that locals let loose :)
Right on the beach great views.
Great restaurant right on the beach, but tends to be packed- particularly on the weekends. The rasta nuggets are not to be missed!
The food is good, and has a great view of the beach. But, it's not great enough to pay $11 for fish tacos. You're basically paying for the view on the beach
We went to this location to get a light meal.  The prices are reasonable and we liked the atmosphere. Ashley was our waitress.
if you are in Daytona this is the place to go. It's always a party!!!! It gets so crazy in there.
Great service,  local people,  and good mahi taco's. Ask for a side of mango salsa. Gator bites were awesome.
If you're looking for seafood with a twist then this is a great place to visit and customer service was awesome. If you like seafood AND live music, then head downstairs for the reggae band. The location right off the beach was the perfect location to accompany the food, drinks, and music. PS The Rasta sauce is a MUST!
This place was great, the drinks were terrific and the music was really good both nights I went. Also ate dinner here one night and I was impressed with the food. The ambiance is great and the place has a nice theme.
We come here every time we are in Daytona which is every two years.  The food and drink are always amazing as is the staff.  Fun place to hang out.  We always look forward to coming back.
Good food. Good drinks. Good service. :)
I love this place! From the snow crab to the Margaritas served in mason jars!
Ocean Deck is a local favorite and if your visiting a standard operating procedure for Daytona Nightlife!  I just enjoyed this place again and had an Ocean Decker Hamburger, I wish I hada picture of this thing!  Its enough for two.  We enjoyed great service for this Daytona Beach establishment.  If you are a local or a visitor stop in and enjoy!!!
when in Daytona you have to stop at ocean deck. be ready to drink eat and have a good time everything is good and the prices are irie. have fun...
Beautiful views on Daytona beach food is closer bland than overseasoned.. Mahi is there fresh fish here. I had the gator bites(alligator ) and blackened mahi fish tacos both were a good and I would recommend.average drink prices but awesome atmosphere and scenery live raggae music downstairs everyday
Before I went to Daytona Beach last week, I saw reviews on Orbitz.com that recommended the Ocean Deck restaurant. I ate dinner here on Thursday night, and I ordered a fried seafood combination dinner with shrimp and scallops. The shrimp tasted like frozen shrimp from a supermarket. The scallops tasted slightly better than the shrimp. I liked the French fries that came with my meal a lot better than the shrimp and scallops, although the fries were your typical fast-food side item. Later that night, I felt very sick, and I was up all night with an upset stomach and throwing up. I was really disappointed that I spent almost $20 on less than average seafood that I could get at Captain D's or something, and that I spent the rest of that night and the next day of my vacation in the hotel room feeling sick.
Excellent Marlin, Mahi Mahi, crab cakes and coconut shrimp.  Nice ocean front setting and atmosphere.  Would have only been better if lady  hadn't been chain smoking outside on patio.
Pretty much went here every night I went on vacation. The drinks were awesome food was pretty good. I got a bucket of booze I think it was called Co Co Cabanna. YUM. my boyfriend got the Shark bite he liked it also. We had a blast and we loved that it was right off the beach. If I go back to Daytona Beach I will definetly be hitting up the deck again!
My husband and I went for the first time and did not find this place interesting. It's more for single's looking to pick up anyone who is drunk. The band played was extremely lame. The guy that sang must have thought he was all that cuz he was messing up every great 80's song that by shouting out  lame remarks to the drunken women dancing on the dance floor.
While walking around, being the tourists that we were, we asked a local where could we get a decent lunch at a decent price....and this is where we ended up.  We were parked on Main Street (2 hour maximum) so we were forced to watch the clock.  We walked from the car to this place in no time.  It's nestled back behind some businesses, so you can't really see it from the main strip.  When we got to the parking lot, we were kinda confused as to where to go in.  It had an outdoor, indoor, upstairs, downstairs and beach seating area.  We followed the signs to sit upstairs, indoors.  It was air conditioned.  We sat ourselves as instructed.  The view was amazing.  We were overlooking their private beach area where people were relaxing with a drink or playing some games.  There was a bar where we were sitting but we chose a table right on the window.  It was in between lunch & dinner and the place wasn't crowded, but there were people seated around us.  Families and other touristy lookin folk.  The waitress was great.  Kind, attentive and informative.  I want to say her name was Olivia? Anyways, Gator Bites for an appetizer was callin my name.  The waitress said they taste like chicken LOL  I had to find out....They were fried with a well seasoned crusty, crunchy flavor.  It could've been chicken I guess, but the consistency was different and it had a little gamey bite to em'.  It came in a basket with a side of honey mustard dipping sauce.  Pricey, but expected when a fool like me comes in and sees GATOR on a menu.  Glad I tried it, probably wouldn't have it again at that price ($8.95).  I ordered the blackened Fish Tacos which came with a side of rice.  The Taco's were alright.  The fish was not as fresh as I'd hoped.  Dry and tasteless actually.  The rice was nothing to write home about.  3 Tacos with cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and some ranch dressing?  It wasn't sour cream.  My company had the grilled Mahi-Mahi sandwich that came with fries.  The Mahi was fresh and plentiful and the fries were OK.  The place seemed clean and the prices were expected.  All in all, it was a fun experience, but next time I'd like to drink here and eat only if I'm wasted and starving!  The view, the service and the Mahi earned these 3 stars!
We were in Daytona last week, found this place here on Yelp. Thxs guys, was all worth it.  We had lunch in the upstairs restaurant, because it was a bit cold outside.  The food, the service, and the view = awesome!!  We loved the fried scallops and the crab cake sandwich;  wish had eaten more.  We made plans to go back later in the evening, but ran out of time.  It's on my list on places we must visit again.  Loved it, and loved Daytona!
Walked out after not getting our food for over an hour. Manager would not even come talk to us.   Poor sever was left to get us the check for drinks. Poor server and a manager that has no guts!!! Dude needs to turn in his man card.
Amazing drink menu...tried as many drinks as I could! Ordered delicious mahi mahi fish tacos and the volcanic hot buffalo wings. Love the live music. Such an awesome beachfront spot to hang out! Can't wait to return.
I ate here three times while in the area, each time trying something new. The blackened Mahi tacos are amazing and the grilled Mahi-Mahi sandwich is to die for. I was in the mood for a variety of fried seafood and chose a combo of mahi, shrimp, scallops and clams.  Our waitress said we may want to order one combo for the two of us and boy was she right. It was a ton of food and she saved me money...bonus tip for that! The scallops were ok, but the rest was awesome and very fresh. I'd get the platter again minus the scallops. The wait staff was super friendly and I never saw the bottom of my glass on any of the visits. The atmosphere was exactly what I was looking for, good food, laid back and casual, right on the ocean. Below the restaurant is the bar which also serves the full restaurant menu and at night they have live entertainment from bands to karaoke. Highly recommend. Keep in mind I was visiting during the off season and it was nit overly crowded.
Good food, great service, great view. Lower level opens right up on to Daytona Beach. Blackened mahi mahi tacos were excellent.   Will definitely be our first stop when we come back.
I like the food and atmosphere, the used to have fish Rubens but don't anymore this makes me sad.
Oh the Ocean Deck, I have spent many hours drinking on the back deck, playing volley ball in the sand, and eating Rasta wings. The Ocean deck is one of the few places in Daytona Beach where the tourists and the locals come out to drink, eat, and listen to live music. The food here is good, all middle range prices, but middle range flavors. I have never had a bad meal here, but I have also not ever had an excellent meal here. The Rasta wings are what I almost always order when I'm here. The booze is moderately priced and made strong (ask before ordering a mojito if they have fresh mint, sometimes they do and the mojitos are great, but other times they use the mix and that is no way to make a minty lime glass of deliciousness, especially  on the beach) always ask about the drink specials the deals are usually really good. Weekends the O-deck features live reggae and that is something we can all enjoy. If you are in the area check out the Ocean deck and if you are a local and haven`t been, get there asap!
I wouldn't recommend anyone to eat here personally since you can see into the kitchen from the side of the bar. Once being a cook myself and seeing into the kitchen gave me no hope of wanting to really eat there. Even though I've heard great things about some of the food its just my preference. This place is not all bad overall, if your going to this bar to have a few drinks its one of the few in the area actually on the beach. The nightly live music there is also a nice touch and very entertaining. Alcohol is relatively cheap and served in a mason jar. They do have larger events there and when it is crowded the bar is open to the outside air so in Florida it can tend to get really sweaty. But, like I said earlier if your only going to drink the atmosphere for a relaxed experience, then this is one of the better places in town to be at for late night fun. On the plus side if your a drunk eater the kitchen is open later for a few items and usually by then most don't really care about cleanliness....
I went here two nights in a row while at Daytona Beach Biketoberfest 2010.  The first night we got to sit on the upper deck outside, which was nice because I'm a smoker :).  But even though they were really busy, service was very prompt.  For appetizers we had the fried gator tail bites w/ tangy mustard and they were off the chains!  Not too chewy at all!  We also had some boneless teryaki wings which were pretty decent as well.  For my meal I had the Philly Cheesesteak which was definitely alright, but I do tend to be pretty critical of cheesesteaks.  But this place is specifically more of a seafood place, and everyone else got seafood and was absolutely thrilled.  The second night I had the "big daddy burger", and I gotta say, for a burger, it was pretty amazing!  The only thing that kinda sucked was that night, it took forever to get anything.  Which I understand they were really busy, but I honestly think they were equally as busy the night before.  So maybe it was just the waiter.  Either way, if you go any other time of the year (other than the spring bike week), you shouldn't have to worry about that.
Wait time was reasonable 35 mins. for 5 people. Once seated, it took over an hour to get oour 3 entrees which consisted of basic steamed, broiled, fried and grilled seafood items. The food was standard, nothing over the top. Grilled Mahi was bland no spice, crab legs were good, fried fish was as expected. We had to ask for the manager to check on our order after an hour had passed since ordering. He said he would check on it and about an hour and a half after we were seated our food arrived. At the end of the meal, no ammends were offered for the delay in our meal, considering the table seated after us had their food before us. We sent the check w/ the server to ask the manager if anything could be done to compensate for our troubles and she returned the check after running the card and said she could not find the manager. After announcing we would wait for the manager, the manager listened to our complaint and said that since we already paid the check there was nothing he would do about it. After further persuasion he said he could refund 20% of our tab.  I would not go back to this establishment! Better food, quicker service and management concerned about their customers can be found and many places in the Volusia County area! I would go to the Oyster Pub over this place any day!!
Stopped here for dinner the last night of our vacation and had a very nice meal. Our party of 8 was seated immediately, the staff was friendly, and the food was tasty and in good quantity, decor was fun and view was delightful. Wish we had found this place earlier in the week and not had to suffer through one of the other restaurants we visited (see my other review). Would go back again!
I have been going to the Ocean Deck for many, many years. It is a great locals place. There is always a great band, great food and lots of memories. Whatever your age you will have a good time.
The ocean deck is the ultimate Daytona beach party spot.  This place is hopping any night of the week.  I have always entered here from the beach.  Just walk through the sand on to the back porch and grab a table.  The waitress will then come and find you.  Last time my wife and I went, we met two other couples and they had to park.  Parking was impossible, so they valet parked the car for $10.  (I'm told this price varies.  We were there the last week in march)  This place has been here since 1957, starting out as a hotdog stand and along the way, converted into a great big bar and seafood restaurant.   So here is the deal....There is an upstairs and a downstairs.  The upstairs is a regular dining room that looks like your typical Daytona Crab house.  The downstairs is a covered restaurant and bar also, but the wall that faces the ocean is completely open.  There is a patio out there if you want to sit outside.  The downstairs also features a small stage where there is Karaoke and people are trying to dance, although there is not room inside.  The cool thing about this place is that there is a huge sandy zone outside where you can also get drinks right on the beach.  It is a roped off part of the restaurant, but it is right on the sand.  When we were there, they had a huge stage set up for bands out there.  They were scheduled to have a regee band, but there was a storm, so the band played  inside. I ordered the Alaskan Trawler, which had steamed shrimp, oysters, crab legs and clams.  It was $23.95 and it was delicious!  We drank into the night, catching up with friends and watching the NCAA tournament in the background.  Great service. Before you leave, go upstairs to the gift shop and pick up a bottle of their famous "Rasta Sauce".  It's a sweet, tangy and spicy sauce to put on chicken wings (and other BBQ)  Super yum!
I really got disappointed with their Salmon. The salad was really good (its easy to have a good salad tho) I suggest if you wanna have a light dinner go their and get a salad. we also got a Rom chata which was really good.
One of the best spots in Daytona Beach.  Great atmosphere. Live music inside.  Can sit inside and feel the ocean breeze or venture outside to the beach
One of my favorite places to go and unwind. On the beach and great music. If your a karaoke fan they love you. One of the bartenders makes the most amazing Key Lime pie and the sandwiches are excellent. You can sit in the sand on weekends and listen to outdoor bands and watch the fireworks just behind you on the Daytona Pier. Some serious fun at this local so stay home if your a downer:)
Meh. This place was great because it's on the beach and has cold beer. The peel and eat shrimp were pretty good, but the fish dip is meh (cold and tuna salad-like).
A fun local spot down on the boardwalk.  I would definitely come again.  The food has always been good and the staff friendly.  Drinks are reasonable, live music almost always.  Very fun both day and night!
I frequent Ocean Deck every year during bike week, love karaoke and the live reggae band. Drinks are good but a bit pricey. But did not like the acoustic singer, and especially on Friday evening when we were looking to get our evening started off some good tunes. It was disappointing for Friday night on bike week.
Right on the beach!  Lots of character, crusty beach bar and restaurant. Kinda loud. Very casual. Good food and nice sized strong drinks in mason jars. We got peel and eat shrimp and cocktails. Wait staff was super nice and fast. Wish we were there a little later for the reggae.
Food was great. View was great.  Service was horrible.  When she realized we were ordering water instead of alcohol her face turned and she ignored us most of the meal. Additionally,  we went upstairs to avoid all the noise from the bar and had to deal with a rowdy crowd that was yelling B-I-N-G -O and singing happy b day to each member of the party. They should have been down stairs in the bar. I also liked the waiting service that sent me a text when my table was ready.
The Ocean deck is a nice spot to enjoy some drinks and beach front music. We have been coming here for many years, after being turned on to it by my brother. On our last visit they had quite a beach party set up outside on the sand, with seating, standing room, and dancing space and live bands, all out on the beach and under the stars. It was a very nice experience. Inside the place has several levels and bars. I have never sampled any of their food here, we always seem to eat elsewhere.
The place is in a great location atmosphere is great for a bar on the beach. The parking is a bit of a scam as it says free valet parking but the guy wants five bucks the alternative is park a block away and pay five bucks. We took a chance and parked at the open parking lot next door and had no issues. I was not real big on the very commercial entrance with gift shop as you enter. Basically the same as bubba gump a block closer to our hotel but made to look like a local joint. The service. It was seat your self at the beach bar restaurant on the lower level. Our waitress was nice, polite and knew the food menu. She didn't not tell us any specials or suggest anything however. We ordered apps and drinks, then kids meals, then our food. It all showed up about the same time. Not cool! She was very nice and brought my daughter a second kids meal after she wouldn't eat the first one. The food. As I compared to bubba gumps earlier; the food was well sorta food. I had the blackened mahi mahi sandwich and it was way over seasoned had a ton of salt or msg on it. I ate the fish and a few fries but the white bread bun and condiments left much to be desired. My wife had the fisherman's net basket with shrimp. They tasted like they came from a box and where greasy. My kids ordered the nuggets and fries and the grilled cheese sandwich and fries. The cheese sandwich got sent back. She wouldn't eat it after one bite. She only ate a few bites of the second meal of nuggets and said they tasted blah. My youngest quickly ate her nuggets but not sure if she liked them or was just very hungry. I would not return for the food. The bar is cool and has a good vibe and is right on the beach.
Tried Joes Crab Shack, but they had a 2 hour wait.  Called Ocean Deck, which was a few minutes walk away, and they had no wait.  Family of six.  They sat us out on the deck, which had open windows for a nice breeze.  Waitress was Ilka, and she was terrific.  Everyone was super nice. I got the blackened Mahi-Mahi sandwich.  The spices were slightly hot, and the flavor took away from the fish a lil bit.  My wife got the smothered chicken.  The Rasta sauce was very tangy, and a lil overpowering.  The food rating was a 3-3.5 star.  Not bad, not great.  I would go back, tho. The ambiance, location to the boardwalk, courtesy of the staff, and the service by Ilka was great.  It's a great spot for all ages, for families, children, couples, and large parties.
Great place for drinks in DB. Right in the sand if you want. My rating solely reflects the food which is mostly frozen nonsense. Run of the mill at best. Steady decline for the last ten yrs. Adding the kitchen upstairs has reduced the time it takes to get said food, so is that a plus? Not sure.
This is a great local resturant! I went to this resturant on a Tuesday night for ladies night. My server Kyle was outstanding, I never had to wait for a drink! Also they had $2 mahi tacos! Yummy! I will defiantly be back!!
Long line but we were seated within 15 minutes! Steamed seafood here is worth any wait though! We would have eaten here every meal if we were close enough. Great selection & wonderful experience!
There's nothing like finding a chill bar by the beach, listening to a reggae band playing in the background, and hanging out with best friends! Food: Having never tried gator, my friends and I ordered a basket of fried gator; it was good stuff! Sides Notes Ambiance: The bar has a relaxed feel and has an amazing location; you can hear the ocean waves. There's also a patio where can take full advantage of the great weather. Service: The bartenders and servers are super friendly and know how to take care of their customers. Overall: This is a great place to sit back, have a drink, and enjoy good company.
The ocean deck may be the perfect Daytona a Beach dining location. A "beachy" atmosphere with a friendly staff and wife variety of food and drinks. Whether you're looking for some outstanding seafood, a tropical frozen beverage, or a hamburger that is a pound of beef with bacon, deli ham, and cheese on top you can probably find it here. The large windows offer beautiful vistas onto Daytona Beach herself where you can people watch or just enjoy the waves. Ocean Deck is a Daytona standard, be sure to swing by if you're in town!
The OD is total beach happening spot. It's a party spot for family, couples and singles to mingle. Very raw atmosphere where the beach is your friend. Great live bands every evening.  It's a melting pot of good people. One love! The food prepared has a bit of an island vibe to it. Great chicken sandwiches, wings, salads and of the drink specials are great. This is a landmark of Daytona Beach! Bucket list for newcomers!!
The bar with band is not bad. Actually its good if you're looking for just a place to chill and hangout with some reggae and other type of music depending on what day you go. Te restaurant upstairs is okay, but found it a bit disappointing after the long 50mins wait. The food didnt justified it that much. But hey..., its all good to drop by and grab a couple of beer. By the way, parking is a bit hard to find and with all the parking scam around, one has to be patient enough to find a right spot and not being ripped off.
First i have to say I don't like Florida. However much like migratory geese my relatives all decided that they needed to migrate to Florida when they got older so I have been forced, er, so I have visited Florida many times over the years. I love the Ocean Deck. Daytona is a city built for large events like bike week, the Daytona 500, etc. so there are a ton of bars, titty clubs though none are any good and other fun attractions. I have had more fun here than anywhere in Daytona beach. I don't see it as a tourist trap but then I have never been upstairs. Downstairs is a great beach bar. I have not eaten here but have had a few bar snacks but i admit to being drunk enough not to remember. But the wait staff is great, the bar mixes a good drink, the music is usually very good. Sitting on the back deck watching the ocean is relaxing and fun at the same time. The dancing area inside is small, it can get ridiculously hot inside. But you can dance on the beach, run into the ocean to cool off and go back for more. I have seen tight bands, Reggae fests and more I won't mention here. The crowd is laid back and cool. Not too much Florida redneck factor. It is walking distance from a good number of hotels on the beach. This is many the only place in Daytona beach I will miss.
For the tourists: Ocean Deck is awesome! If you're visiting Daytona, go to the O'Deck at least once! For the locals: Yes, this place is a tourist trap. But come on, you can't deny its charm. Great people, great view, great food (the monte cristo, omfg!), and the atmosphere is pretty cool. Since it's right on the beach, most of the time they offer beach activities out back. Live music, beach volleyball, etc. If you'd like to experience a less lively version of O'Deck, I recommend going upstairs instead. As a matter of fact, it's being remodeled right now. :)
What a great place. I ended up going there three times on my four day trip to Daytona Beach.  Watched live music two nights and had a few drinks, the music was great, I had a few of their mixed drinks and I thought they tasted great. I also had a fisherman's platter that was pretty nothing spectacular, we tried the gator bites as an appetizer they were pretty good, my girlfriend had a mahi mahi sandwich and it was amazing. They did use fresh mahi. Only down side here is the bathrooms, the bathrooms would have made this shack a five star.
At great beach dive on the water. The oysters were nice and plump and reminded me of a place back home called Vinnie's Sardines.   The shrimp was excellent and the fish tacos were solid.  There is a great view of the beach and pier.   The only reason I don't get them more stars is that their cocktail sauce was very week and they make you pay for parking.  Will come back again though.
Horrific, even for Daytona. Fine for drinking beers and mingling w the beach trolls but if your looking for food head elsewhere.
I Had the Caribbean Mahi Mahi fish and it was amazing! Food came quick and great service! The best seafood I've had in Daytona! I definitely recommend!
We came here looking for fresh seafood and it was definitely not. 3 of us ordered fried shrimp, which easily could have been boxed frozen shrimp from the grocery store and the other ordered mahi mahi, which he said was decent. For the price, it was not worth it. Skip this place and go to Bay Street Seafood.
We visited this place last night for a relaxing evening on the beach. First, the parking is not great at all. There are limited "self park" spaces. There is also the valet option available. I was lucky to find a spot in the parking lot. The view from the deck in my opinion is the best in Daytona. We found a spot to sit on the patio outside just to the left of there outdoor stage. The waitress was very friendly and checked back several times. Only had an appetizer (seafood dip) and chips. I'll give the seafood dip 2 stars. The dip tasted like a basic tuna salad dip. The waitress then brought us salsa after the dip was gone to use the rest of the chips. The rum runners here we're amazing! The only thing this place needs on the menu are raw oysters. We went there for the oysters and all they had were steamed. We did not stay for the live entertainment. My advice, check out their menu online and also live entertainment schedule. We would definitely go back again!
The ambience here has always been top notch but the food quality and quantity has gone down hill in recent years. I would definitely recommend this place for a night out drinking but not for an impressive culinary experience.
Love this relaxed beach bar/restaurant! Good food, friendly service, outstanding location right on the sand. Fish sandwich never disappoints.
I ate here a few days ago. The food was the worst! The waitress was nice and the ambience and location was great, but that's about it. I ordered the gator bites and they came out over cooked/almost burnt. My shoes would have tasted better if I had fried them! Needless to say, I certainly would not be going back!
Can't beat complimentary valet parking on the beach! Top that off with fresh seafood, a live (and good) reggae band and a stunning view of the Atlantic Ocean, and the experience at Ocean Deck is hard to beat. I had the Blackened Mahi Tacos which were delicious. The only change I would make on the dish would be to decrease the amount of cheese a bit. My friend ordered the sweet and spicy chicken wings and those were delicious as well. The only other thing I would address is the attentiveness of our server. She was very friendly but distracted quite a bit. We had to remind her of things we had ordered that she had not brought well after we had started having our entrees. We had an overall pleasant experience at Ocean's deck and will probably return in the near future.
Ok reviews are true awesome place.  I had the very fresh mahi mahi blackened sandwich fixed with the ahi tuna fixings that included cucumber, slaw and drizzled wasabi creme sauce!! And who could pass up the homemade key lime pie made by one if the bartenders at home, nice and creamy and just enough tart with a great graham cracker crust, Florida should be proud of this one!
Best view of the beach from any restaurant in Daytona Beach! There is nothing like sitting at one of the tables close to the beach watching the surf roll in drinking a cold beer and eating some perfectly steamed shrimp with old bay on them. That to me is a little slice of heaven and that is just what you will find at the Ocean Deck. I also like the maui maui fish tacos they are some good eats as well. The staff is awesome and a lot of them have been there as long as I can remember. Try a Sunday early evening for the karaoke some of the best karaoke singers I have ever heard its a lot of regulars so you are guaranteed a great show.
We have been here 3 times now and the food has not disappointed yet.  We ate lunch upstairs during the day which was decent and appetizers/drinks downstairs twice. Good - drinks, atmosphere, service and food Great - music on the beach (the vibe was perfect, drinks pretty standard) Ok - Reggae night was raining so we were inside and the music was just eh
Great view!  Food was average, but the service was inattentive and slow, giving the waitress every benefit of the doubt. Can't take 40 minutes to bring a lunch salad and grilled chicken sandwich. Especially when there are less than five tables in the whole place occupied.
LOVE the Ocean Deck! It's a tradition every time we come to Daytona- we have to stop at the Ocean Deck for drinks or some food. The rumrunners are awesome, and my personal favorite are the margaritas. Sit inside for drinks in mason jars- the deck is at sand level and is a fun place to sit and get the real Ocean Deck experience, but the drinks are in plastic cups. Not necessarily smaller but not nearly as cool as the mason jars. The burgers are amazing. Ah-may-zing. So good. Hubby loves everything that they put their signature Rasta sauce on. (kind of a spicy barbecue/chipotle sauce with a big bite) Anything we've gotten here has been good, but honestly it's more that we just really love this place. The atmosphere is great, it's right on the beach, and it's a don't-miss part of every trip to Daytona. We've been here in January with cooler weather; they have huge heaters out on the deck so you can still sit outside if you want to. LOVE this place.
We went twice during our recent visit. The crowd downstairs was not for us, but I guess if you are a rough biker or wild chick you'd feel welcome there. We liked the upstairs in the indoor restaurant. It was way better calm, family friendlier, quieter. A table by the window overlooking the beach is a must. The drink menu was extensive, they have frozen, fancy and all the basics. I had mudslides and my husband had a green Bahama mama, both drinks were served in mason jars which was way cool. They also had an extensive food menu with Caribbean dem lots of dishes with jerk, curry, and or mango,  mon. Lol. My husband saw the waitress walk past with a MONSTER hamburger and ordered one with about 3 or 4 meats on top smothered with cheese. He said it was good. I had a nice sized salad with grilling chicken, but half of the salad was lettuce spines, not leaves, I just don't like lettuce spines period. What leaves I could salvage for the salad was ok. The day before we all had clam chowder in bread bowls. Meh. We are tough because we are all from or lived in New England. I give it 4 stars because we felt very safe upstairs and dining was pleasant sitting next to the windows overlooking the ocean.  Our waitresses were very good and sweeties. The food was not bad and the prices were fair. Recommended by a local.
Great staff. Great food great drinks.  Really causal relaxed family friendly place
Exceptionally prepared fish and vegetables, skip the Rice (Yelp still limits review space please see my complete review on Trip Advisor) For dinner I ordered the "Trophy". It is described on the menu as an 8oz. filet of mahi mahi broiled in foil with our special seasonings and topped with a Caribbean mango salsa. served with rice and vegetables. When it arrived, the presentation was standard. There was no outward evidence of this meal being prepared in foil. The fish was located in the middle of the plate, vegetables on one side, rice on the other. I ordered my fish blackened, from Laura's suggestion, with the mango salsa on the side which was served in a very small plastic cup. The vegetables were wonderfully prepared as a mixture of squash, zucchini and broccoli. The fish was quite moist and delicate which could indicate that it was broiled in foil. The blackened seasoning was a little sparse but I was able to order some on the side. As for the rice, a completely different story here. It tasted like wheatina or some other weird wheat product. Laura explained that she didn't really like the Rice either and that they were trying to do some sort of tropical rice. Of course it's not listed as tropical Rice it just says Rice. I actually like tropical Rice, in fact, I just came back from vacation a little while ago and had some incredible tropical Rice in Honduras that was prepared with coconut milk and fresh mango. It was incredible this however was not even close to that or any tropical Rice I have ever had. I ended up getting a second helping of vegetables instead of eating it. For dessert Laura recommended the Key lime pie telling me the story about how her mother really loves Key lime pies and how she really doesn't but she really likes this one because it's closer to a cheesecake style. I found her recommendation to be spot on the pie was quite tasty. The graham cracker crust was perfectly prepared and the "cheesecake style" was delicious. The whipped cream was exceptional I am quite certain it was real whipped cream which really helped to balance out the tart from the Key limes. For remaining odds and ends I will cover a few items. For pricing, I did spend $44.76 total with my tip, of course, eight dollars of that was that cocktail. The pricing is relatively on par with the rest of the area except in the cocktail range, which I found to be about $.75 to a dollar off of the bar in my hotel. The big difference there is the hotel poured much heavier than this bar does. Glancing around the room the decor seemed interesting. The noise level is about average. The view of the ocean is quite nice. The lighting is okay, not great but not horrible either. I didn't really feel like it would ever serve nicely as a romantic dinner, but I did see several families there and of course myself as a solo diner. In summary, I was quite satisfied with the fish, and vegetables that I would return When I am in the area again.
Such a fun bar!!!  Had an amazing waitress, the band was awesome, good prices and it's right on the beach!  What more could you ask for?!?!
Best steamed shrimp I've ever had. I'm not exaggerating. I was in heaven. Super fresh.
Food was pretty good for "bar" food. More of a bar/hangout . The service was really good, we had a wonderful waitress and the manager was very accommodating. I'd your looking for a quick burger and a fun place to hang for the evening, by means check it out!
Great bar right on the beach. Awesome atmosphere and music. Sit down stairs and enjoy the view, beer selection and food!
The food here is a bargain. The Ocean Decker burger is massive and it will take you quite some time to finish it. The wings here are just as amazing, though there is not a wide variety of flavors to choose from. The service here is good but can be slow. The great thing about this place is that it is located on the beach and has FREE valet parking. They even have a gift shop with cool merchandise.
We took our kids (7 and 12) here. They were happy and so were we. We were there late, for us, 9pm-10pm on Monday and the atmosphere was fine. Food was good. Hubby had fish tacos - 8 out of 10. I had chowder in bread bowl and salad. Good.
What a great place to grab a drink and to people watch. A super dive but packed with people. I am also a big fan of drinking out of Mason jars. Live band on the beach and indoor seating is available away from crowds but this place is slammed with people so expect a wait. Con: Cover charge even for women
The burgers here were very good, service was very good considering it was a Sunday afternoon during Bike Week 2014. Fun atmosphere and very beachy. Very affordable, ok place to grab lunch.
My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to satisfy my seafood craving so we came here hoping to eat some fresh seafood.....I have to say, I am a fan of this place because I got some really yummy fresh fish. What I ate that you may like to try: Fish Tacos Fish & Chips Peel & Eat  Cajun Shrimp
To ANYONE who is a out-of-towner, like I was, you MUST MUST make it a priority to visit this place! If you like a more quieter scene, dine upstairs. All I can recommend is the seafood, because it is off the chain! I started with the fish dip and crackers.. it was one of the best fish dips I've had! The snow crabs tasted so fresh! And coming from Miami, I haven't had crabs that tasted so fresh and juicy in awhile! The mahi-mahi was just as good.. the shrimp.. ! Like I said, just get seafood because its amazing! If you're into a more beach, laid-back, loud scene then definitely head on downstairs! Its kind've like a dining area in a laaarge porch with a huge bar right on the beach! Everyone there seems so happy, music is blasting and you see people and families of all ages! They also seem to "own" part of the property right on the beach. So they have this enclosed area right on the sand, with a bar to your left, a pretty decent stage on your right and lots of area to play around or just lounge in. I was jealous I was wearing heels because I wanted to dance in the sand with the club music that was going on with everyone else. The ONLY downside that I can think of, is that upstairs there was only one bathroom. And it was one of those singular-use bathrooms. During a busy night like I went, the line easily got long and there were about 7 of us ladies waiting in the line to go one-at-a-time. I can see this being problematic because the people who were sat near the bathroom were getting annoyed at the kind of "hovering" in their dining space while we were waiting to use the bathroom. It also blocked up a lot of space. Definitely, a TOP place to enjoy for more than just a regular dining experience and also a place you can EASILY spend more than just a couple of hours there.
I've been to the Ocean Deck a bunch of times and have generally had a good experience except for the other night on my birthday when I had the rudest customer service experience. I've been a bartender for a few years now and I'll be honest I've had a few of the drinks I've made sent back to me . When this happens the best way to go about it is to apologize and ask the customer if there's something you can do to make their experience better. Well I ordered a frozen Pina Colada as Ive done in the past at the Ocean Deck but this one tasted like sanitizer. My friend also ordered a Pina Colada. Both of us agreed that there was a strange chemical taste to the drink. Being a bartender I realized what I was tasting was sanitizer. What this means is that when they washed the blender between drinks they didn't properly rinse of the sanitizer before mixing the drinks or that they used one to many tablets per gallon of water in their sink. I brought my drink back and politely mentioned that it had a weird chemical taste to it. The bartender didn't say much and acted extremely annoyed at me . She got a straw and tasted my drink and told me there was nothing wrong with it. I told her that when you drink it there is a distinct chemical taste to it. She said "its fine ill make you another". She remade my drink and set it down and turned around and walked back to her co-worker and made it obvious that she was annoyed with me. Again my drink tasted like sanitizer. Both my friend and I didn't finish our drinks. Also the night waitress that was cleaning tables seemed drunk as she came over to our table to ask us if we needed anything. She said " I'll be your waitress , server or slave which ever you want me to be". It was honestly just a very very strange experience . Needless to say I left early with a bad taste in my mouth from the service and from the sanitizer in my drink. I will however go back but go to the bartenders I had the best experiences with in the past and I will boycott ordering a frozen drink.
One star for the decent gator bites appetizer and mahi-mahi sandwich, as well as for being one of the only (immediate) beach-front food options. Everything else... HORRIBLE. When we stepped inside from the patio entrance, the boy and I stood confusedly, as NO ONE greeted us and/or instructed us to take a seat anywhere. It wasn't until we took the initiative and sat down at a table that a waitress came by with menus. What we ordered: - Gator bites (appetizer) - Mahi-mahi sandwich - Tropical chicken salad - Grand margarita We enjoyed the gator bites, though it was our first time eating gator, so it probably had a mostly novelty quality for us. The mahi-mahi sandwich was also pretty decent, except our waitress manipulated us into getting the fish "blackened" which costs extra. WTF?! The tropical chicken salad sounded good on the menu, but it was DISGUSTING. The chicken salad tasted so gross and the dressing wasn't even good; all the weird flavors clashed. I could only manage to pick at the tiny mango cubes and dried cranberries. Nothing else was edible. Lastly, the grand margarita I ordered tasted like vomit. I don't mean that figuratively--it literally tasted like vomit. It brought me back to drunken college nights spent with my face buried in a plastic bag or by the toilet. That is not where I want to be transported to when I have a mixed drink, especially not when I'm still sober and not even having a good time!!!
For me, the best parts of the Ocean Deck are the atmosphere and the food. We started our dinner with the Gator Bites- which, were okay, however, they weren't my favorite. My fiance had the Big Daddy Burger, a massive 10 ounce burger, which was cooked to perfection and absolutely delicious. I went for the Alaskan Trawler, which is a pound and a half of snow crab legs, it was accompanied by fresh steamed vegetables and a rice pilaf, which was great. The service could have been better, but the restaurant was packed, and our server was really trying to hustle. The parking is limited- however, they offer free Valet service; which really comes in handy, because of a lot of tow-away zones in the area. Overall, I love the food and the atmosphere. I will definitely be going to the Ocean Deck again soon.
The Ocean Deck is a regular stop when I'm in Daytona Beach.  Judging from the crowds in the bar, I'm not their only fan. It has a spectacular location right on the beach near Main st.   Walk on up with sand on your feet and plop down at the lower bar, grab a beverage, and enjoy the view.   They have a decent beer selection consisting mainly of domestic mid size breweries.   The burgers are good.  The Fish Tacos are excellent.  Nice blackened pieces of Mahi with an interesting sauce. The service is ok.  Bartenders and wait staff spend an awful lot of time chatting each other up instead of taking care of customers.
I would love to enjoy the food, drinks and view at/from the Ocean Deck, but I absolutely REFUSE to pay $5 - $10 for parking so that I can walk in the place. Last weekend, we attempted to get in. We drove around for 15 minutes looking for a free (or even reasonable) parking spot. Lot after lot was vacant, but the $5 and $10 signs were up. They all had the "Ocean Deck" name on them. This is pure greed. Ocean Deck, why don't you charge people for parking who are NOT coming to your restaurant and give your customers a break? We drove over to Caribbean Jack's and ate outside.
I heard about this place because someone was handing out coupons at one of those centrally located carts. I didn't really think about the place until a group of us were thinking of what to do after our conference day had ended. We didn't want to go to the same place as we did the previous night. Then I remembered the lady saying something about reggae at the Ocean Deck. So I looked at the coupon and figured why not! I guess there's two parts to this place, a restaurant upstairs and the bar that stays open til 2 or 3 downstairs. So we headed downstairs and it was packed! We had a group of six so we were hunting for a table. The place seemed to start clearing up a bit around 12 or so. There was a live band there that pretty much covered any song that you requested. This place wasn't what I expected. I thought it was going to be a reggae club, but it was more reggae/surf rock/classic rock/whatever song you wanted to hear kind of place. The group of people there was great because it was a very eclectic group of people which made for some great people watching! The drinks were OK. Nothing spectacular and the service was so so because it took forever to get a drink and twice as long to get your check when you wanted to leave.
This is horrible food. This the kind of food I cringe from. Sub standard food cooked for tourists. Don't go here for the food. Not a bad place for drinks, live reggae and flirting,but the food is as bad as it gets. Yuck, awww. It is really sad that ocean deck is supposed to be THE hangout place in daytona. Does it suck or what? The website of this place specifically mentions that they expect people to dress in sexy attires and come to their joint. I must say the 99% of the women were dressed to eat boiled peanuts in a bbq hut. And I am ok with that but this place is not a sexy hot club as is projected. It is just touristy.
The ocean deck has two areas: upstairs and downstairs. The food and service is sub-par in both places. Upstairs the windows which overlook the gorgeous Atlantic Ocean are covered with plantation shutters, so no view. Downstairs the ceiling MIGHT be 6 ft high. There is hardly any lighting and a very minimal view of the beautiful beach and ocean. Plus there are only a couple of tables to sit at outside. Skip this place.
What is it about this place that makes normal everyday fine  upstanding young women act so completely naughty?   Is it the close proximitely to the beach?  Is it the fact that they're already scantily clothed in bikinis?  Is it the heat or the romance of the ocean and the waves?   Perhaps we shouldnt ask or ponder it so deeply, and just be thankful for and appreciate the phenomena.
Read reviews and decided to give this place a shot. Disappointed to say the least with my dinner. Fish tacos were dry with caned tomatoes, could of made this at home and saved $11 plus the place is small and the service is slow as can be, and the 3 servers run around like they are overwhelmed. Will not be back. Save your money and head over the bridge to Beach street
We liked it so much we went twice in two days!  Our waitress the second time was horrible, but the food is amazing - definitely try their homemade rasta (buffalo) sauce!
The best fish and chips that i have ever had. Mini-battered Mahi-Mahi fish fingers is the best way to describe them. Battered in a way that makes them worth the visit. - the tarter sauce is a bit bland, but a little extra lemon will fix that right up. Beyond the fish and chips - the Ocean Deck will always have a soft spot in my heart. Great music downstairs, fun beach side atmosphere. Ask the bartender for a "Red Death" shot -- and your life will never be the same. (think red and tastes like kool-aid, but i do think it is whisky based). Worth a visit if you are in DAB!
The best seafood on beachside . The service is always great and great live music on the beach. What else can you ask for?
Gator bites: best I've ever had. Fish tacos: excellent with the rasta sauce, and if the big daddy burger can cause my 17-yr-old bottomless pit of a son to exclaim "I don't know if I can finish all this", I certainly can give Ocean Deck no less than 5 stars! Went back the next night and again quite pleased. MORE GATOR BITES!!!!! Had the Mahi Mahi sandwich which was as good as billed. Son had the "Alaskan Trawler" crab leg feast. For $24, I'd say it was a pretty good portion (especially compared to nearby chain restaurants), but he complained about the quality of the preparation. Who knew I lived with a 17-yr-old foodie!? Great place for fun and food, highly recommended!
Gross. We had the steamed clams that tasted like paper. I also had the shrimp quesadillas that were super oily. They only have five benches on the beach which is ridiculous for a beachfront restaurant.   As far as service goes I had a waitress walk by me three times without acknowledging my presence. Secondly I asked for a half dozen oysters on half shell and they said they would only sell my a dozen.  Avoid this at all costs.
Awesome hamburger! Chicken sandwich good also, fish & chips not good. This place rocks! Get the burger and enjoy the awesome view/ friendly waitress and great draft beer!
Ok so harddddd - does one write a review based on relativity to their location or does one write a review based on the food?  Oh the shit we deal with as yelpers. So, came to Daytona for the Rolex 24 hours of Daytona Grand-Am Race (with work).  Came here for dinner with my boss and my colleague.  We ordered a bunch of stuff - nachos, FRIED GATOR, mahi mahi, salad, beer.  The food was solid,  it was cheap, nothing was amazing. The nachos had cheez whiz instead of real cheese, which is actually quite delightful,  the waitress was kind of annoying,  the boys liked their fish, the salad was huge. It was a good, solid meal in Daytona.  If I was comparing relative to other restaurants in Daytona - I would give this place a 5 star meal - relative to the world though - 3 stars.
We arrived on a cool afternoon and it did not seem very busy in town, but this place was packed, so we had to eat downstairs.  They have a cozy upstaris bar and a downstairs that opens to the beach.  Which is nice but its' kinda dark down stairs.  But it worked.  The tables and chairs were not very comfortable, they mimicked spools of thread and a wooden table, and you couldn't move anything... so no reconfiguring!  It was so weird, but the food was ok, the fried clams were delish, and my fish sandwich was good - even my baby ate some.   I might go back, but eh... there were other places to check out.
This place was seriously packed. My wife and I stood out on the back deck, drank a couple of beers, and watched some people play volleyball on the beach. Some of the people singing karaoke were pretty good, and the prices on beers were quite good. I would go back when it's not as busy, and hope to get a place to sit.
Great spot for that beach side dining you look for. Live music, great drinks, awesome ambience, all around kick back and relax place to eat. Salmon was incredible!
When I grow up I want to own a bar, on a beach, that serves decent food, has an alright beer selection, and has wood paneling all over. Maybe not wood paneling, but... It's been a few weeks since my trip to FL and I remember a lot about our multiple trips to Ocean Deck. If you're looking for a typical beach bar with cold beer, more than just bar food, an ocean breeze and view of the beach, look no further. I don't think I would've loved this place as much had it not been beachside, but you can't go wrong with a sports bar on a beach combo. I understand you can go eat at the restaurant upstairs, but we opted for the downstairs, rowdy bar on all of our visits. We did order food though, and the mahi sandwich is definitely recommended. Tried gator bites here for the first time too (you crazy Floridians will fry anything!) and I wasn't really a fan... but when in Rome, right? The patio is first come, first serve so we stalked it like hawks until we say an opening. But sitting out there with a pitcher and good company was worth the wait. So relaxing to just drink and chill... Not so sure the wait staff digs that tho. Definitely a happenin' place to visit for locals & tourists alike!
Service was mediocre.  Didn't matter, when you come to a place like Ocean Deck, service is secondary.  The view, the drinks, the beach, the loud but fun atmosphere and pretty decent seafood is why we liked it.  Some people say the downstairs is a little raw, but my two boys and the wife all had a great time.  Steamed shrimp was hot and tasty, mahi was flaked just perfectly.  I wouldn't call this place hipster, but it does seem to attract tourons like me and locals alike.
A very fun and upbeat atmosphere right on the beach.  It's a crowded loud bar but that's kind of the fun of it. The food was OK, and there are certainly others that are better within walking distance but this place had a great vibe. The karaokers on the beach part of the bar were stellar, and they had quite the elaborate set up - a stage and all, with a guitar player to back you up.
On the last night of my New Years vacation to Daytona Beach I was walking along the beach and came across this place. This was Jan. 2 on a Saturday. The bottom floor is just the type of bar I like. Here in the middle of winter at 6 PM. the place is packed with regulars downing their own personal pitchers of beer with mason jars of ice to keep them cold. The kitchen staff have "kitchen dude" T-shirts. Everyone is cheering on the next Karaoke singer. Oysters on the half-shell went past me and I asked the friendly bartender for a menu.  I ended up getting the spicy tuna roll because the bartender said jokingly they are trying to go upscale.  The tuna was most of the roll.  I have ordered spicy tuna rolls before, but this one had an extra kick that I even tried without wasabi to prove to myself that it had. Best $7 I spent in a long time. About 9 PM a band came in and played heavy bass dance Reggae the crowd rotated a little to a younger crowd. I just plan had a fun and relaxing time here and met some very nice people. Added 2/11 No wonder why I had so much fun my credit card was charged $75....  but I decided to take away a star I did buy some shots for people and I liked the blonde bartender so I probably tipped good.
My friend took me here for the wings, and i was not disappointed! If you like the heavy breaded super saucy kind of wings, you should probably not go here. These were (relatively) light, but super flavorful, and didn't make me feel like I had eaten 10lbs of chicken. The volcano flavor is their hottest (which wasn't that hot) but delicious! I wish after reading all these reviews that I had tried their seafood, but definitely will do next time that I visit! They have a nice open view to the beach and a teeenie number of outdoor tables. Great chill place to go to on a beautiful day!
This place is so much fun. Like much of Daytona Beach, it seems to be caught in a time warp. I sat upstairs when I came here which is a bit quieter than downstairs. They are located right on the beach so pretty much any seat will give you an ocean front view. You can walk right out the front door and find yourself in the sand. Pretty cool. I had a margarita. Since it was freshly made, the bartender gave me the excess from the blender in another cup. Woohoo! We also got the nachos which were an extremely large portion! They were alright, I've had better. But for the price, the location and the environment you can't beat it.
This is definitely my favorite bar in Daytona.  The atmosphere is awesome.  You can sit inside and listen to the reggae band every weekend, or go outside and hang out on the porch and watch the ocean. Drink prices are fair, but I really come here for the atmosphere.  It's a really cool place to hang on the weekends. The food here is very good as well.  I've had the southwest egg rolls and the mahi mahi sandwich, both excellent.
My friends and I stayed at the Mayan next door one night and we just happened to stop over in the afternoon for food and to check this place out.  Of course, we dtarted our drinking endeavors as well at around 2pm and also enjoyed some great food. Tried the shrimp tacos which were awesome and had gator bites for the first time ever. Needless to say I was nervous but went with what the hell--sooooo damn good!! Tasted like a juicy chicken nugget with a near pork consistency. Def worth a try though if you're a bit daring! The bottom level is more of a bar, drinker and social spot where as the top is better for families and touristy crap.  The bottom level is awesome b/c it leads right onto the beach, also with a deck and seats outside, and beach volleyball net.  I was literally in drink and beach heaven, laying in the sand and wishing to never leave. The night scene got packed pretty quick.  After walking around the streets my friends and I settled back to stop here again.  Live band was playing covers and they were really impressive.  Crowd was a mix of 20's, 30's and 40's.  Not bad, filled and everyone having a good time. We ordered the fish dip, more gator bites, tacos and maybe fish fingers? Don't really recall but the fish dip was b0mb!!!! We almost licked the bowl clean we loved it. Good place, dark wood, right on the water, decent people...can't go wrong! Also, sick retro cigarette machine in the bathroom! We don't have those anymore in NY so I had to buy some even though I don't even smoke much!  :D
This is a very hip place to be with nightly activities and beach volleyball. They have indoor and outdoor seating. It is very casual and the staff is friendly. The food: I had the clam strip appetizer and they were super fresh, the dipping sauce had an impeccable taste. I also ordered the Blanco Margarita which I feel was the worst margarita I have ever had. They had several drink options though, so maybe I just selected a bad one.  For my meal, I had the coconut shrimp.  They had a nice thick batter, but the shrimp didn't taste quite right to me. The dipping sauce that came with them was perfect.  The right thickness and sweetness. My friend got the monte cristo, which came out looking amazing and had a nice crunch and my other friend had the fisherman sandwich, which she loved, but I did not sample. Overall, this place is a clean, good time with fair priced food. The have a wide variety of plates so you can spend a lot or a little.  I would recommend this place.
The Ocean Deck is typical ultra-casual Daytona: flip-flops, domestic beers, cheap mixed drinks and a band kicking out good, danceable covers. The location is very unique: it opens up right onto the beach, which offers the attractive option of ducking out for a late night walk next to the waves with someone special. It gets quite busy, and is the sort of place where you end up shouting to your table mates. Haven't tried the food, but the service is friendly and quick. There is valet parking in the lot up front, and another lot a short walk across AIA, behind the Streamline Hotel. I believe there is a small cover on the weekends for those without local ID. All in all, I prefer a more intimate atmosphere, but it's not bad for what it is.
OD is a monument and center piece to Daytona's laid back lifestyle and gimcrack entertainment. This place is great for a number of reasons but most notably 'Stormin Normand's' Karaoke which is always exciting to watch or take part in. You can always count on a crowd and wild atmosphere on the first floor. Unfortunately the fish tacos are hit and miss, and it's hard to snatch a table on the first floor, but if you're looking to experience Daytona, then you have to try one of their signature cocktails.
Three words describe the Ocean Deck, FUN FUN FUN!
The four stars are for the ambience because, the plate I've got deserves 1 1/2 stars. I ordered the Tuna Boat and it was as dry as a potato chip. I cannot say all plates are like that as my friend's plate looked pretty gook and he did not complain at all. Guess, I would go back to this place to try something simpler, maybe a peanut and jelly sandwich.
The slow service is made up for by good prices, excellent menu (rarely am I so torn on what to order), and good food. Depending on what you're in to there's a restaurant upstairs with a windowed ocean front view and a pretty active bar downstairs on the beach complete with volleyball nets and an open air environment. Great environment, great location. Definitely worth a visit if your're nearby.
Great place to day drink or party at night! Oh yeah, they have great food also. Sat on the deck every time and people watched the beach. I'd suggest the Trophy, it's what I continuously ordered with a side of shrimp skewers (2 skewers of 6). Get their Rasta Sauce on the side for dipping. The Mahi Mahi was fresh and pretty good sized. The rice it came with tastes great as well as the veggies, fresh and cooked perfect! Definitely suggest this place as a must stop if your visiting Daytona, it's just south of the pier.
Live music... pretty much defines it. Had the shrimp tacos, which were fantastic.  Beer prices aren't bad. Would strongly recommend coming out here, if not for the whole night, then for a great warm-up.   There's a lot going on and there's always a lot of people here.
Ate there last week with another couple and about 6 teens. We sat downstairs and the atmosphere was beachy. The adults asked for draught beers and were told the kegs did not work. The bottled beers weren't that old either. I had the Clam Chowder which was good and a dozen steamed oysters which were decent sized. Several of the kids and my wife ate crablegs and said they were good. Service was okay and our meals were good. This is right off the boardwalk and not having god cold draught beer is a negative. Good place to go and crash after a long day at the beach but not awesome.
Nice band Crowded, more than a few circus characters Walked into the beach deck  for a cigar break, ended with a big ass roach on my shirt... scared the crap  outta me,  big YUCK!!!! They charged 4 beers instead of 3 we consumed... not worth the fight, just skipped the tip Very helpful valet guy, he got the tip instead
Great place!!! So we went here a couple nights ago based on recommendations from a couple we had met earlier in our stay @ the Hilton. I had low expectations based on the regular beach-y restaurant experiences prior to this trip. Man oh man was this place different. 1st off, you can access the restaurant directly on the beach. Totally awesome concept that should be more prevalent down here. 2nd- food, drink, atmosphere. This place scored high in all categories. The live band helped out as well. Even if the final song of the night sounded like 'Juicy pussy', we didn't judge. The band was awesome! Loved, loved, loved this place.
Mediocre.  Food was marginal.  Service good. Location great.  Good to meet people for a drink and hang out.  If you are looking for great food, this just didn't deliver.
The view is amazing since its right on the beach. The service is good and the food is pretty decent but over priced. My recommendation would be to go here for drinks. Also there is a top and bottom section, bottom section is a little more lively if that's what you're looking for
To keep this as brief as possible this place is only good for getting drunk at. It definitely is not the place for great food and service. If you are looking for a good place to eat and service is also important to you then go somewhere else.
This place was such a blast that we went twice over the course of 5 days. The first time we went, it was a Saturday night, and the place was PACKED! We waited an hour and a half for a table, but luckily the downstairs bar/beach area more than occupied our time. We split a bucket of the "Red Tide", mostly because we wanted the bucket to take home, and it was a surprisingly tasty drink. Karaoke was going on and the atmosphere was really fun and exciting. Service at our table was really slow, which was the biggest downside. By the time we were seated, we were famished and our appetizer took an unusually long time to arrive at the table. There was one waitress for the entire upstairs seating area (probably 8-10 tables?) and she was truly trying her best to serve us amongst the chaos. We started with the nautical nachos, which were nothing to write home about. Tasty, but nothing exciting, and certainly nothing "nautical" about them. Dinner, however, was delicious. The mahi salad was a winner with our group. The second time we went was a Wednesday night and the dinner wait was over an hour still. We headed to the downstairs beach bar to kill time and ended up finding a table down there to eat at. You can't beat an ocean view! This time we got the appetizer sampler, which was not a lot of food for the price. We were kinda disappointed. Everyone got the mahi salads again and loved them. Overall, its the atmosphere and the location that make this place. The valet parking is kind of a pain, but it's easier than dealing with trying to find somewhere to park and having to end up paying more anyway.
Ocean Deck has been a longtime fave in Daytona Bch. BUT, IF YOU CAN, get one of Cindy's tables.  They're hard to come but well worth it! She's knowledgeable and honest. On top of that, she's a sweetheart. She'll bring you extras of whatever.....with a sincere smile. You want Cindy to be your Ocean Deck representative for the night.
I have no complaints one of the best restaurants I went to while vacationing at Daytona...
My favorite beach bar in Daytona! On the beach, volleyball, cold beer, great shots, good food, live music from a band that is always there, they are great & play all the fun stuff! Get a room at The Myan and your right next door!!! Great times!!!!
I had  greaaaaaaaaaat time here on Labor Day weekend (Sunday).There was a live band called Trae Pierce & the T-Stone Crew  that played RnB/Soul / Funk / Blues which totally made my night! My husband and I got a bucket of RedStripe beer for 12 dollars, can't beat that with a bat!!! The drinks were only 4.50 ?!?! Omggggg.........This is my new party place or chill place when I visit Daytona Beach.......The vibe was great, desent rasta wings, yummy gator bites, and the crab legs were delicious! Oh and the cover at night I believe starting at 9pm was $5/pp and they have complimentary valet parking :o)
They only get 3 stars because I loved the service!  Scallops were grainy, veggies over cooked to the point of being soggy.  Rice was bland.  Again the service was amazing, they need a new cook.
The best mahi sandwhich I've ever had!! Our waitress was awesome as well.
I can't even really comment on the food since I never even got a chance to eat it. My friend and I went here on a Friday night. We're both from Daytona, but recently moved away and hence no longer have local IDs. The man at the door told us it was $3 cover to enter unless we had local IDs, so we went to the upstairs area to eat. Side note: It doesn't really make sense to gouge the tourists, as they are some of the only people keeping this town afloat. After moving upstairs and seating ourselves (as indicated), it took the waitress about 10 minutes to give us menus in a nearly empty dining room, although she passed us several times. When she finally came to us, she encouraged us to go downstairs, and insisted we go down the back exit to avoid the cover. This was not done in a friendly way, by the way. We went back downstairs through the back "2 DA BEACH" entrance, and was promptly told by a bouncer that our waitress was incorrect, and that we had to go to the front and pay the cover. Also, you have to pay to park...? I am ALL about beachside bars and restaurants - from the nicest to the sleaziest - but this is one I definitely can not recommend.
My daughter bought a $9.00 dinner there 2 nights ago & paid with her debit card. Later that night she checked her account & saw that her account was debited  the $9.00 & then a second debit for $141.00. She called the bank who said it would take 3-5 days to get the $ back to her account unless the manager would call the bank with the 6 digit authorization code in which case she would have it back immediately. The 1st manager refused to talk to her face to face but called her and said he would look into it. After 24hrs & no follow up from the manager she went to discuss it & a different manager was there and totally disrespected her by yelling at her and refused to call the bank as well. She's a poor college kid who saved up to go on vacation with friends &  half of HER money is not available to her & won't be until she leaves to come home because the managers refuse to do the right thing. The bank called this FRAUD - understandably so. Would not recommend this restaurant based on their ethics alone.
Great beach front place! Have a Michelle's  Punch! Food was good. Don't follow the Apple map, if you have an iPhone plug the address into Google maps, it took us forever to find it but glad we did.
I went here to eat dinner but was convinced not to while waiting to get seated. I walked over to the bar to get a beer but  was ignored by the bartender. The dining area was small and cramped, the hostess also ignored us when we walked in the door.   After considering the staff, the lame menu, and the general unkempt condition of the place, I decided to depart.   If someone is willing to establish themselves as a local here, throw some tips at the stuck-up staff, and bask in the apparently historic tradtion of the Ocean Deck then maybe they'll be OK. Otherwise I suggest getting drunk before you come.   Now I would like to discuss a strange phenomenom I noticed. In Florida many popular beach hangouts tend to be old dumpy bars and places like this. I'm sure financial reasons are responsible part of the situation, but it appears that the more of a dump the place is, the more popular it is. The parking lot was full of Corvettes and brand new Harleys. Most of the customers looked like they haven't showered for days. Not sure what's keeping this place afloat. Must be the dirty old men and players with their first paycheck buying drinks for the twenty-something silicone enhanced gold diggers. I'd rather drink at home.
My husband and I tried out this place tonight and if you want a great beach view but not so great food then this is the place for you.  The food was by far the worst we have had during our trip here in Daytona.  My husband got the fried combo platter and it was about like a frozen dinner you could buy in the frozen food section.  I got the grilled chicken smothered and I mean smothered in onions.  You couldn't even taste the chicken for the onion taste.  This place might be fun for an evening out for the party goers but not so much if you are looking for a good meal.
Apparently this is the best place to go in Daytona?? We came here late night. It sucked. Packed full of people ,hard to get to the bar & super hot inside. Outside is do-able but there is hardly any lighting. The band knocked their instruments into people and tried to pick fights with them. Cover charge and full of idiots. If that's your thing then def come here....
Eh, they're all right. Not the best prices for the quality and service. Location wise, it's the only place that has drinks on the beach. Gets crowded easily.
Average seafood and defiantly not worth the price they charged. The Mahi Sandwich which supposedly they were known for, was  below average. The service was below par we had to ask our waitress multiple times for a refill and we had to even grab our condiments from the waitress station, there were only 2 other parties there!! The bathrooms were also very unsanitary. The view is nice if you could get a window seat. Will not be going back.
Cold food, Nasty!!!!
This is your typical beach side party spot. It's 2 levels, the upper is more a dinning experience and the bottom is more bar/beach. They have a private area where you can sit on the beach and eat and drink. I experienced this while spring was happening and let me tell ya, it was happening! Tons of people having a great time and enjoying the ammenities. I really like that you can get your food and drinks and have then sand side. I know other beach bars you can't take them off their premises and that can be a bummer. They had a DJ the day we went there but I've heard they also have live music. AND!!! they have cider!!! holla!  Definite plus. I'll be hitting up this joint again soon since it's so close to my work, I'm going to check to see if they have any happy hour specials :)
Tried some oysters upstairs one evening while in Daytona Beach for a conference at the nearby convention center, they were OK . The food options here in general did not appear to be very exciting, lots of fried stuff, bar food.. Then went downstairs to hang out in the quite large bar. The bar is awesome.. There was a liveband , the place was packed with a very diverse crowd spanning a very broad age range, the crowd seemed heavily local , I was there in January 2010.. Seems like a friendly place where one can meet people.. Bar action spills out on the patio out on front and then one can walk out onto the beach..
I love this place.  Great beer/ drinks , no attitude always packed, and always some type of music going on.  Food is ok, usually seems awesome when your 2 beers turn into 10, and your starving.
Ocean Deck is a nice place with decent food and a great view of the ocean. My boyfriend and I stopped by on our recent trip to Daytona Beach and were pleased with the burgers and with the service. I'll probably drop by again next time I'm in town.
I must admit I have only had a salad here and it was actually pretty descent. Most of my experience here is just hanging out and grabbing some drinks. Pretty divey atmosphere but some excellent beach views. Sometimes they have live music and often it gets too loud if you're looking to talk to anyone who isn't Superman. A nice spot to grab some drinks with friends if you're looking for a spot with a view.
Perfect beach sand front bar. Why does Daytona not have a million of these??? I went both days I was staying there. Great place, cheap drinks and pub food was good. Nightly reggae band was great. Place has a little wear and tear (as does the staff) but it gives it character. Do not miss it!! West of the pier.
Great service! Awesome ribs, fish tacos!
Food was cold and service was slow. The view was the only thing that got me through my lunch.
Friendly bartenders, good drinks, cold beer, and pretty good bar food.  I was pleasantly suprised by this place.  Mahi sandwich, fish tacos, fried clam strips were all tasty.
Been coming to the Ocean Deck for 30 years---I have the t-shirt to prove it too :).   Can't visit this area of Floriday without a stop in to the Ocean Deck.   My mom (80 years old) claimed during our  last visit (2010) that she worked there as a waitress when she was in college---that would be almost 60 years ago.  Now that would be pretty amazing.   Could have been the 20 oz beers talking but could be true since they have grown, expanded, and embraced their changing beachcomber environment.  Whether the wild & crazy spring break bikini beach volley ball crowd, or the local fisherman from the pier that come to have beer and some chowder before heading home.... this place has something for everyone.   Chowder is GREAT.   Fish Taco's are DELISH.   Hamburgers are big and juicy.  Fish dip as a noshing thing is perfect.  Fish & Chips basket fried to perfection.   Mahi-Mahi and Grilled Shrimp salad is right on.   Their steamed platters Shipwreck are right a great value to go along with a salad and split the two.  And you can't go wrong with paring two of your favorite seafood items in their castaway combo.    I could go on... really great place to eat.   But if you have the energy, come for dinner stay for the music.  Or come for the beach party and eat while you are there.   But whatever you do... if you are in Daytona area.... Visit the Ocean Deck. It is about 2 blocks south of the pier and hidden back behind some buildings, but their parking lots stretch across the street so you may think you are there and wonder where is this place..   Just walk toward the ocean and you won't miss it.
Don't pay any attention to negative Nancy's on these reviews, this place is Da BOMB!  If you want tanned beauties and hunks playing v-ball, beers on the beach, fantabulous seafood, great atmosphere, then this place is it!  This is a must do for anyone visiting Daytona!
Great views of beautiful sand and surf through open doors and windows. The restaurant is dimly lit and has a feel of a wooden cave, a great retreat for a cold drink out of the hot sun. Live reggae bands play there frequently adding to the ambiance of a tropical hideaway.
Go for the fish sandwich and the view.
I like this place. Walk off the sand directly into the Ocean deck.  Decent beach food, burgers, nachos, onion rings, beer.  Always seem to have a laid back live band or guitarist.  Most authentic place on the beach.
Great Daytona dive bar with good food! Went late night and listened to a very good band (Orange Avenue). Went back the next afternoon and had the fish tacos which were very good and 2 Bud drafts for about $18 plus tip. Service is friendly. Fun atmosphere at night. I'll definitely go back
I go a lot of places, and seldom do I rave like I'm about to. Great food, service and atmosphere. I walked in and seated myself. In the blink of an eye, Jessie, a smiling L.A. transplant was there to greet me. I asked for a moment to peruse the menu while she brought me water.  She was back soon and I ordered a Bahama Mama as I recall, along with her recommendation of a yellowfin tuna sandwich lightly seared on a kaiser roll. As the breeze blew in off the ocean and I savored my delicious beverage, I took in the cool ambiance of the place. I am sure this joint gets to jumpin, but it was nice and quiet while I was there. Jessie brought out my order and I was delighted with the presentation.  I was even more impressed with the taste of the food. It was perfect in every way. The wasabi ranch dressing set off the tender slices of ahi, along with the fresh lettuce and cucumber and fresh kaiser roll. The fries were piping hot. I could not have ben more pleased. Miles beyond what you'd expect of "bar food". I had never been to Daytona Beach before, but I will return as much for the Ocean Deck, as for the Ocean. And please, demand Jessie as your server. She was outstanding as well.
Gator bites & rasta wings - amazing. The food is fabulous, if you want local grub at fair prices. They have multiple levels - the middle level is air conditioned. We actually went back 3x during our 6 day visit.
Very good bar!  I enjoyed my time all week at Ocean Deck!  The music was good and the service was just as good!  Just be careful of two girls that look older than they really are.......  I have never been so happy for a bartender to card in my entire life... I dodged one there oh yeah!
Get the 8oz ahi tuna!!!!!! It is amazing and delicious. The sides sucked, but that's not the reason y you go to these places. It had a very nice sweet and spicy glaze on it. The clam strip basket was hot and crispy. Clam chowder is pretty good on the thin side and you don't get that much soup, but on the plus side you get a very soft bread bowl. Very excellent drinks, but this place is hot as hell and has a long wait.
Waitress was great.  Steamed shrimp was excellent.  Fried seafood platter was frozen shrimp and not very good.
Was a good lunch stop. The wife got the clam chowder and I got the fried shrimp. Seafood was extremely fresh. Nice beer selection.
The ambiance of being on the beach, great music, and delicious seafood dishes is a package few can compete with.  I came for a New Years Celebration in 2009 and it was so much fun - best New Years ever.  I can't wait to come back = it is going to be an annual event.
Good food at the beach. You can expect a party here nightly. It might be a little hard finding a table, but if you seek it and plop down as soon as the previous customers get up, it's yours. Try their combo's instead of ordering separately, you'll get a better deal that way and you get to try it all.
Great beachside location, fun live music every night, surprisingly great sushi and the mahi mahi sandwich lives up to the hype.
Wangs!!!!
This place is great. In my humble opinoin they have the best philly chesse steak sandwiches, fries, and fried motzerella in all of Daytona Beach. They have live music downstairs, nice drink selection, and is on the beach so on those hot days you can just walk up to the bar in your bathing suit. They are also great supporters of Embry Riddle Aeronautical University and don't often get thanked for it....so as a RIddle Alumni thanks
Ocean Deck has been a staple for me every time I go to Daytona, which is often as my father lives down there. It seems that evertime I go there, I like it less and less. Two weeks ago I went and I may not go back. First off, it was incredibly hot and crowded. Must have been 85 degrees in there, then you add all the people into the mix and it's just plain uncomfortable. Now let's talk about the bartender. I looked at all the beers on tap and ordered one. The response was "bottles only" with an attitude like I was supposed to know this. I said "what kind of bottles do you have", she pointed to a shelf behind her with about 25 bottles. I ordered a Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA, she gave me an obvious sigh because it seemed to be buried in the back of a cooler. She said "$5.50", I handed her my card. She rings it up, turns around, yells "I lied, it's $6.50 and walks away. I yelled "where's my card", and she said "I left it open", which I never asked her to do, I wanted my card back. At that point, I just walked away and got my card back later. Now for the positives. The beer selection is decent. They had some stuff I didn't expect to find anywhere near Daytona. They didn't have many good warm weather beers though. I'm not sure if they had any wheat beers at all. Nice location, right next to the beach. Food isn't too bad. I may go back sometime for dinner, but I wouldn't if it weren't for the good location. Parking is terrible!
