Worth the 20 minute drive to the restaurant this morning. A great breakfast for the entire family. Friendly, efficient wait staff and wonderful food. A real gem of a place.
Great find - the reviews are spot on!!  I'm cautions when number reviews approaching 100+ but saw the golden brown hash town and decided to take a chance (I'm amazed at how difficult it is to find Golden Brown Hash browns) Great breakfast / brunch spot!  Had the corned beef hash (house specialty) and home made sausage - amazing!  If you're a fan of corned beef hash - it will blow your mind! The service is exceptional - genuinely happy people. Love discovering places like this!
Great breakfast place and worth the wait if you have the time. We arrived for a late breakfast around 10 and the place was packed. The owners are brothers and very friendly. Even though our waitress was crazy busy she was very attentive to our table. Be prepared to sit close to strangers if you're at a tabletop. Now about the food- I had the Chesapeake Benedict which is poached eggs, crab cake and hollandaise sauce, I selected the home fries. The crab cake was different but very good - I couldn't put my finger on the seasoning. The home fries were excellent - I could eat those all day. My hubby selected the corn beef hash which they make in house along with hash browns - he was also happy with his dish. Even the coffee was nice and smooth. All in all I would recommend this place for a local breakfast diner.
I had a five-star sausage breakfast sandwich but a 4-star service experience.  One clerk was busy gossiping with the cook, my server took forever to greet me and then bring my water. It was not busy.  Nevertheless the menu options are divine, the old music is great background, the plates coming out looked fabulous.  They are generous on the portions.  They use local farm to table options.  If I get good service on future visits I wouldn't hesitate to call this a top-star place.  Lots of things I'd like to try here.
Wonderful breakfast.  Apple fritters are a treat.  I recommend the cracked egg omlete with either hash browns or American fries.  Hustling wait staff.
The food was great and the service was fast and courteous.   I had the Hash & Eggs w/a side of Cheese Grits and he had the Greek Omelet.   We cleaned our plates.   Best vacation breakfast we've had in a long time.
You can tell that all the food is fresh here. They have really good corned beef hash that has large chunks of corned beef that have the flavors of a delicious slow-cooked stew.  Beside the food, the servers there are very nice and quick too! I'll definitely come back here the next time I visit & I might actually indulge in a mimosa too!
Great experience, we came in this morning a party of four and were greeted by a friendly man at the door that offered us mimosa or coffee while we waited they expected a 10-15 minute Wait. We sat down as the kids looked through some of the reading materials. They called us to be seated. While seated we looked at the card on the table and realized the man at the door was one of the owners. Nice touch. As in most reviews the apple fritters were recommended so we thought to try them. They were phenomenal!!! A must order. Ordered breakfast. Waffles for the kids and biscuits and gravy for my S.O. I had eggs and home fries while we're also yummy, great food I would definitely recommend any of the above. After paying the owner shook out hands and thanked us for coming in as well!!!
Maybe we went on a bad day.  We had never been here before,  but saw the good reviews.  The wait staff was quick to seat us and was very attentive. However,  the waitress was annoyingly friendly.  I don't need all of the sugar sweetie honey talk at least not first thing in the morning. Just give me my coffee and step away.  Speaking of coffee, it was horrible. I have had better out of a gas station.  The eggs were ok. The home fries were good, the toast was burnt and I do not know what animal the bacon came from. Sadly, we will not go back.
Excellent experience from start to finish, we arrived Sunday morning about 7:30 AM it was opening seating and the place was pretty much empty except for a few of the local policemen sitting at a back table and a few couples sitting in booths along the back wall (after reading all the reviews this is definitely the right time to come here). Leslie was our server and greeted us immediately and took our drink order and gave us a few minutes to look over their offerings. The service was outstanding, they are doing some renovations so all the decor was removed from the walls but the place was extremely clean so I'm thinking all the work is being completed after hours. The coffee was served up fresh and hot in a very nice cup not the normal white straight sided cup you will find at most restaurants or diners. The food was served up fast I think I had only had a few sips of coffee when the order arrived. Waffle - light and fluffy with a nutty taste served with a dusting of powdered sugar so if you don't care for the powdered sugar let them know up front 1st lesson learned but it was a great waffle. Veggie Omelette - light fluffy made with fresh eggs and filled with fresh hand cut veggies and lots of melted cheese the portion was surprisingly large (make sure you come hungry) Bacon - crispy and lean (good quality) Eggs over Medium- fresh eggs made to order perfectly cooked Wheat Toast - only complaint it was served cold and the butter wasn't melting into the bread so it must have set before being served no problem I don't really eat toast. Coffee - really great coffee not bitter not weak and always fresh Lots of parking out front and on the side of the building right off of A1A very easy to find. We definitely will return.
HOLD THE PHONE. This place is the bomb dot com, the cream of the crop, the piece de resistance... you get the picture by now. When you drive by and wonder what 20 people are doing standing outside this dumpy looking place waiting for breakfast when there is a Denny's a couple miles down the road, let me tell you why: 1) Service. Nicest servers I have ever met in my life. They are so attentive and kind to every customer who comes in. Makes you want to return just for the kindness they show. 2) Food. Obviously, the food here is freaking delicious. I'm not waiting in line outside a restaurant 30 minutes for any old eggs benedict.. this one is worth the wait. Everything I have tried here so far is awesome. Everything. 3) Price. When delicious food and cheap prices combine, a thing of great beauty is born. This place is one of those things. 4) Denny's is gross. Seriously, do people still eat there? End of story, eat here and you will not be disappointed. Or go to Denny's and get "moons over my hammy" and get sick later. The choice is yours.
I'm being nice giving a 4 star, because they were closed the first day we tried to go.  So, we went the next day, and they were dealing with growing pains.  Seating took a while.  Watched others get seated ahead of us.  Then I asked where we were in the list, and got seated right away.  I hate having to do that.  We got seated and were told the Soda machines were down.  No biggie.  It was weird having your drink refilled at the table from a 2-liter bottle. Highly recommend the Apple Fritters.  Delish.  I got the 2-2-2.  Pancakes were alright.  Sausage and eggs were great.  Mom got the Southern Scramble.  Biscuits were amazing.  It was a decent breakfast, but I had expected, from the reviews, to be blown away.  I gave them a break since it was Day 1 from the renovation. I have no doubts they'll smooth out the wrinkles and return to their 5 star status.  Even the waitress that morning was overwhelmed.  They expanded almost 2 1/2 times from their original size.  So, they just got to get used to serving that amount of people.  I was hoping we'd get the 5 star experience the day after renovation.  Maybe next time.
The atmosphere was super cool with a oldies dinner feel. They had old music playing and neat décor. We were greeted at the door and chose to sit at the bar since it was open seating right away. The food was delicious. I ordered corned beef hash, eggs and toast. The corned beef hash is the best I have ever had!  Me eggs were so yummy! The service at the bar was poor though. We had to wait about 3-5 minutes for our drinks. They place seems like it is usually busy. I can see why. I would make it a point to eat here again although I would not sit at the bar.
Top notch breakfast all around. A favorite is the SOS. Salty creamy goodness that's a home remedy for a vicious hangover. Also cracked egg omelet covered in sausage gravy is very tasty. They do serve mimosas which is nice as you can guess they are busy on the weekends so plan accordingly.  We like to hit them after 1 pm on Sundays.
Simple comfortable atmosphere with friendly staff and nice size menu offerings...something for everyone at breakfast / brunch. Our sever Leslie was attentive and gracious. The food was prepared perfectly and the corned beef hash awesome. The southern scramble was amazing also and much more food than my wife could finish. We will be back! Thanks Cracked Egg Staff and owner!!!
Everything from food to service was outstanding.  The sparkling greyhound was a pleasant bonus!
It is perfect for what it is - a diner with good diner food. We showed up about 1:30 on a Sunday and had our choice of seats. Our server was nice. The menu had what you would want from a diner menu. The food was quick. I loved the fact that they had champagne available for brunch drinks. The 50's diner music playing was a perfect fit. Not fancy. Booth seats are pretty uncomfortable. I would go back.
You are made to feel at home with family and friends. Honors are the most personable, kind professional folk you would meet. It shows with the staff as all trickles through with the same professional, friendly demeanor.  On top of that food is not one of the best BUT "The Best". Rare if not impossible to find a complete experience like this one.
Saw this name while I was driving by then I read the reviews . OMG If you are in the Daytona area there is no other place like this. Do not try and lick the screen because your hungry. Forgot to ask about the name. Do not take my word for it. When you go here, you better go Hungry and go with a loose belt.
Breakfast was fast, fresh, and filling! Portions were fairly large. Try the house specialties! We didn't try them, but order the apple fritters as an appetizer for breakfast they looked delicious!
I can't say enough amazing things about this place. My husband and I love it...we got so many things that we wanted to mix and match. Omelets are awesome. Sides, phenomenal. Pancakes? Irresistible.  And they have mimosas!!! If I lived here in Daytona, I would be a regular.  Please try it, don't worry about the wait! Totally worth it.
The service was really slow and they were remodeling so the atmosphere wasn't great.  We had heard this was a great place and had lots of good reviews BUT our experience was not great. The food was almost cold and the eggs were very rubbery. Coffee cups were sticky and we had to ask for new ones. The blueberries had no taste at all. They said the cornbeef hash was outstanding ....NOT!!!  I would advise going elsewhere, we won't go back.
Best breakfast in town. Must try for yourself, won't be sorry. Great  corn beef  hash.
First time diners. My hubby had corned beef hash and I had chipped beef. Both dishes were excellent. The owner greeted us at our table and service was great. Super sized coffee mugs for the coffeeholic like myself!
It was okay...I tried the apple fritters bc it was mentioned a lot by other Yelp reviews...but ehhh....they were good but nothing amazing. My main meal was the Eggs Chesapeake which is eggs Benedict with crab cakes. It was good as well but nothing spectacular. The home fries were good. Service was a bit slow...I'm asssuming because my group came with in their last hour open. But over all everything was good, but nothing that WOWed me. I prefer Cracker Barrel to this place. Glad I tried it though.
Found this great breakfast spot while in town for a few days Service was great and I _loved_ the corned beef hash and coffee.   Headed back again today!
Great local diner! We knew this was this place to get breakfast where the cops go. Got there around 8AM Saturday and by 9AM this place was packed with lines out the door.  This is this place where you are treated like family and served like royalty. The owner greeted each table and chatted with the regulars. He made sure each guest was taken care even getting drinks for waiting guests. Delicious western egg omelet with hashed browns. My BF his extra crispy and they didn't disappoint. Perfect to fill our tummies for a day of sightseeing. :-)
Delicious...all I can say.  If your looking for a great simple breakfast for a reasonable price, The Cracked Egg Diner is the place.
Our family decided to drive from DeLand to Daytona Beach Shores in search of a good breakfast place.  We miss the diners of NJ and thought we found a winner with the Cracked Egg!   The food and service was great.  I ordered the Cracked Egg Omelet, my wife ordered a  turkey club and the kids got silver dollar pancakes and a grilled cheese sandwich.  Prices weren't too bad, until I saw how much they charged for kids milk!!! Almost $3 each!! The food portions were generous, but our bill ended up being almost $50 for 2 adults and 3 kids!  Not what I expected when we made our selections. The service was great! We were grated by one of the owners and taken care of by Allison.  Both were very attentive asking if we'd like a coffee or mimosa while we waited for our table (only 10 mins on a busy Sunday morning!) Allison brought Crayolas and coloring papers over for the kiddos. I'd consider going back, but I might not bring the kids with us!  That $3 milk cup put me into sticker shock!! We spent more on milk than we did for each if our adult meals!!  I could've gotten 2 full gallons of milk cheaper at a convenience store!
This place is everything you want, quick friendly service, the food was great, you can tell they use fresh ingredients,and a owner who was in sight helping the staff and greeting customers. By far the best breakfast in daytona beach.
Yep, had to chime in on the kudos. Great service, very good food, generous portions, reasonable prices.  No reason to go elsewhere for breakfast; you won't beat this place.
Very convenient. Excellent service. The lunch is great. We all had sandwiches with fries and everything was very good. We liked it so much we decided to go to breakfast the next day. Not very impressed with what we ordered. We should have ordered our eggs fried or poached because they used fake eggs for their scrambled eggs. I was very disappointed. We all got the scrambled eggs and I could tell they were fake as soon as they set our plates down. The look, taste and texture was not very appetizing. However, other than the eggs, everything else was pretty good.
Wondeful service, and food is great.. be prepared to wait a little if you come for breakfast, but it's worth every minute...
Simply the best. Been coming here for years.. and it never disappoints... worth the drive from ormond
My wife found this place a week ago when we were here. We didn't get the chance to stop then. I made it back a week later and got the chance to stop, well it was worth it! The food was very good and the device was too. Only down fall was a small parking lot, no big deal! I suggest if you get the chance when your in Daytona to stop!
Got the 2-2-2 and loved it!
Amazing food!! Delicious! Great service Higly recommend oj, tuna melt.All the food was superior!
Apple fritters are wonderful - even toted to the beach for a snacky-on da-beachy. Breakfast done and served as best it can be. Don't be near here bout b'fast time and not try this local treasure out. Killer service and  great breakfast foods. I would have preferred my Chipped Beef on an english muffin, but that's me. The Mimosa was my first Mimosa and maybe my last - for what its worth. Guess I'd preferred the Champagne neat with a side of peach nectar.  ;)
Not so cracked up. Cute little diner but too many people jammed into a small place. Going by the reviews we tried this place hoping for something different and special. Service was friendly and quick, atmosphere was very loud and hot with so many people packed in so tight. I had eggs bacon and grits. Eggs were cooked the way I ordered but the bacon came out of the kitchen burnt black. The server noticed this and gave me more bacon. My wife's egg sandwich was very dry and the bagel was bland. If ever in the Titusville, the Coffee Shoppe has an outstanding breakfast.
I have to update my review after having eaten here many more times because with each successive visit our overall opinion has declined. While I've enjoyed the sausage and egg sandwich I discovered that more times than not the biscuit can't hold up to the ingredients and I've ended up having to knife and fork it. Other food we've sampled has been pretty unremarkable including the fact that they give you low quality condiments like country crock spread instead of butter and those scary creamers that sit forever out on the table that have a shelf life of 100 years. But the biggest hit has been repeatedly poor service. A few visits ago we sat for almost an hour waiting on our food with our server assuring us it would be right up. As it turned out she had never actually checked because after the hour she came over again and said our order had never printed out into kitchen. On more than one occasion we've found we have to flag a server down in order to get refills. Today we couldn't even manage that, so my husband got no coffee refill and we sat for 10 minutes with empty plates in front of us watching our server unpacking napkins. Perhaps it would have been best if she had taken a moment away from her other chores to check on her tables. While they have some menu items that are tasty, on average our overall experience has been really hit or miss so I'm backing off a few stars.
Great place to eat breakfast to start your day. VERY friendly and good food. Price is a plus as it is very affordable. Coffee is fresh and large servings ensure you get enough fuel for your day. Will def visit again! I enjoyed the southern scramble with a few additional items.
I have to update my review after having eaten here many more times because with each successive visit our overall opinion has declined. While I've enjoyed the sausage and egg sandwich I discovered that more times than not the biscuit can't hold up to the ingredients and I've ended up having to knife and fork it. Other food we've sampled has been pretty unremarkable including the fact that they give you low quality condiments like country crock spread instead of butter and those scary creamers that sit forever out on the table that have a shelf life of 100 years. But the biggest hit has been repeatedly poor service. A few visits ago we sat for almost an hour waiting on our food with our server assuring us it would be right up. As it turned out she had never actually checked because after the hour she came over again and said our order had never printed out into kitchen. On more than one occasion we've found we have to flag a server down in order to get refills. Today we couldn't even manage that, so my husband got no coffee refill and we sat for 10 minutes with empty plates in front of us watching our server unpacking napkins. Perhaps it would have been best if she had taken a moment away from her other chores to check on her tables. While they have some menu items that are tasty, on average our overall experience has been really hit or miss so I'm backing off a few stars.
Great breakfast spot, very happy I found this on Yelp. We were in town for Daytona 500 and before getting back on the road we wanted a quick delicious meal. We were immediately greeted by an extremely polite and friendly "host", after being told it was a 10-15 min wait we were offered coffee or a mimosa. It says something when the entire time we were there it was completely packed and on a wait. We both ordered the southern scramble and it was very good, I also ordered a side of grits. The service was very efficient and food arrived extremely quick. Was very impressed with our experience here. We will 100% recommend this place to friends visiting Daytona Beach.
The food here was EGGcellent. HA a friggin egg joke for a diner. The service, however, fell flat as a pancake (HA another one).  Took like 30 mins to get a short stack of pancakes and hash browns for myself and a short stack of pancakes for a buddy of mine.  This is pretty long considering they should probably have pancake batter made up in bulk back there.  Oh well. Also, strange diner seating, very open floor area...I felt like I was in the way the whole time. All in all a pleasing experience.  Will be back.
Awesome breakfast. The service was great and the food was even better. The place is filled with locals and I can see why. Definite must stop place if you visit the Daytona area.
Wonderful little gem. We had a excellent breakfast. I had the crab cake Benedict, and it was the best I have ever had. My wife had the Irish hash Benedict and it was equally amazing. I also had the hash browns and they were very good. The service was very good even with it being very busy. They really know how to run a business.  A must stop when in Daytona.
Writing the review from A booth in this great little place while waiting for our meal! We made a quick stop in daytona beach while passing through to check out the final space shuttle launch. We ate here yesterday and initially we were a little frustrated by a waitress, but when the owner came over and my dad expressed his disappointment at the service, the owner comped our ENTIRE CHECK. Very pleasant and kind man, the food wad fantastic! In fact, we came back here again the next morning! If I am ever passing through DB again I will surely stop in. P.S. the house hot sauce is  excellent and will definetly put some hair on your chest :)
Great place to eat. Almost always a wait, but well worth it. The feature meals are always great. Corned beef hash is homemade and delicious. Friendly service. Definitely visit this restaurant!
Great place for breakfast.  The owner greated us at the door, told us it would be about a 15 minute wait and offered us coffee and mimosas.  My only complaint is the coffee is not very strong, otherwise, it would have been a 5 star. We were seated within the 15 minutes, waitress was efficient and friendly, even though we could tell she was extremely busy.  Food was tasty.   I had the meat omelet with cheddar.  My wife had the fresh squeezed orange juice that was very good. It's a little far from the downtown area, but if you're in the area, check it out.
Incredible food the Cracked Egg is a must visit if you are in the area! I had an order of the apple fridders to start off my breakfast and they were absolutely incredible. And for my main coarse I had the southern scramble, was plenty of food that covered my plate. Everything was great at this little diner! Locally owned! Amazing employees with incredible service!  I will definatly be back!
Great Sunday brunch spot on the main drag through Daytona Beach. My sister and I enjoyed a diner friendly atmosphere with exceptional, upscale food    Poached eggs cooked to perfection! Great eggs Benedict.
Love the food here! I eat breakfast here with my father when he's in town. There's always a wait but I don't really mind because the food and service is always great.
If recommending any place to eat in daytona beach for breakfast it would be this place!  Their specialy cracked egg omlettes are hard to beat. The staff is very prompt and friendly.  One aspect that sets this restaurant apart is their specialty hot sauces.
LOVE! There is always a wait to be seated, BUT it goes quickly and they offer coffee and mimosas while you wait! I had the Chesapeake Benedict and it was fabulous! I'll be back the next time I'm in town.
Walked into this diner and was immediately welcomed with a smile and seated.  We ordered the crab cake with hollandaise sauce (I forgot what they called it),  breakfast sandwich (got sausage on a biscuit), and Belgium waffle with strawberries.   Everything was delicious.   Would highly recommend dropping by and grabbing a bite to eat for brunch.   Great food and smiling and friendly service.   Couldn't ask for more.  Thanks!
We just returned from a trip to Daytona Beach and I had to come by Yelp to write a review of The Cracked Egg. My boyfriend and I stopped here for breakfast on our first morning in Daytona. We were looking for a local place, rather than one of the IHOPs located on Atlantic Avenue. We were not disappointed with our choice. In fact, after our first meal here, we ended up having breakfast at The Cracked Egg all three mornings of our trip. The first day, we ordered the Apple Fritters first, and we were both impressed. They were served hot, fresh out of the oven, and brought to the table in a bag full of cinnamon sugar, which the waitress shook and then dumped into a basket, coating the fritters. They were delicious, and we ordered them on all 3 trips to the restaurant. My boyfriend ordered the Country Fried Steak, which was delicious. The steak was incredibly tender and fried to perfection, remaining crispy even after being coated with the delicious sausage gravy. I had one egg over medium (cooked perfectly to order), hash brown potatoes (fried until crispy), and wheat toast. We started looking around the table for butter for our toast until we realized that the toast came pre-buttered. On our second trip, after more apple fritters, I again orded an egg, over medium, but this time, I tried the home fries, which I liked better than the hash browns. They were cut small and seasoned well. I also decided to order a bagel instead of the regular toast, which was great. They give you a small container of cream cheese with the bagel, which was a nice surprise...most places I've been charge extra for cream cheese. My boyfriend went with chipped beef on toast this time, which was a huge portion. He seemed to enjoy it quite a lot, but missed having the variety of his breakfast the day before. On our final day in Daytona, I ordered the Country Fried Steak, which I had been wanting since tasting a piece of my boyfriend's order on our first visit. My boyfriend ordered eggs with a side of corned beef hash. He is a big fan of corned beef hash, and this did not disappoint. He was impressed with the bigger pieces of beef in it. I even tasted it, and I don't like corned beef hash, but this was surprisingly good. By the end of the trip, we felt like The Cracked Egg was our home base in Daytona Beach. It offered delicious food with great service and a comfortable atmosphere, at a very reasonable price. We had a great time and will be back the next time we're in Daytona Beach.
Food was delicious, prices were good, and service was decent. I had the hash, and a frittata of kielbasa, cheddar, spinach, and onion. Loved both of them.
The Cracked Egg WAS my Daytona Experience! It was amazing. So good, that I visited it twice in one week (the second, to start off my travel day home.) Under New Management, by two brothers from Baltimore (with a little bit of Knoxville mixed in) run the place. A friendly smile and hello when you walk in and immediate seating. The coffee is the the best diner coffee I have ever had, especially with the french-vanilla creamer on the table. The omelets are a great choice as well as the hash-browns. The "Southern Scramble" special, was a masterpiece of breakfast. I could not finish it, in a really good, down home cooking type of way. They take their time with preparing your meal, and I don't blame them, Besides it adds to the whole diner experience. I would recommend the Cracked Egg to anyone looking for a great start to a day from a couple of good cooking bros. I loved it so much, that I got a T-shirt. Now that is saying something!
The Cracked Egg is a cute little diner in a shopping plaza/strip mall on A1A/North Atlantic Ave in Daytona Beach Shores. I finally decided to check this place out today with my boyfriend as my mom had always mentioned wanting to go there. We checked out their menu online (they do have a website!) beforehand and it sounded good. We had just run out of bacon and eggs at home so it was the perfect excuse to check it out. Our waitress was really friendly and prompt. Service was not a problem at all for us. She answered all of my silly questions about the sizes of food and what came with what, etc. I chose the Apple Fritter as my main dish and Sean got French Toast with bacon side and hashbrowns. He said he liked everything although the hash browns seemed a little lacking. My apple fritters were really tasty! They were basically like cake donuts fried and then rolled around in a little baggie filled with cinnamon sugar. Tasty! They had tiny chunks of what looked like granny smith apple bits in them but the apple flavor was hardly recognizable.  I could see why this might be lacking or some but it didn't bother me at all. Also bonus points for fresh squeezed OJ at a reasonable price! It was around $2.59 for a large one. WAY cheaper than in St. Louis where it would have been around $5.00 for that glass! They also have a "mimosa wagon!" Cute. I would definitely come back here even though it's like an 8 - 10 min drive away from our condo or more depending on traffic/red lights. We also got to see a ton of cool bikes parked out front because of Bike Week!!
We ate here right before heading back to Gainesville. When we went on Sunday morning, it wasn't but half full. That changed quickly as it gets closer to 10am. Glad we came when we did or it would've not happened. We sat anywhere we wanted and got our food quickly. The waitress was good. I got the corned beef hash and my boyfriend got the keilbasa breakfast platter. The food was decent, it's breakfast food, nothing unusual. My eggs were done very well. However, my hash was kind of unappetizing. I have loved corned beef hash forever. It is usually delicious leftover corned beef, onions and potatoes. However, this was burnt and had the look and was wet and grey- looking. It was edible, I have just never had liquid corned beef before. 2 stars for my platter, 4 for the atmostphere. I wish I could give it higher ratings, but my stomach still turns when I think of the corned beef. blah. Edit: I am astounded. The owner of the restaurant just emailed me about my review, apologizing for my experience and offering for me to come back. This is great service folks, going above and beyond! Only great establishments go out of their way just to make one more diner happy. Just because of this, I would try it again. Good customer service is just as important as food quality.
Read so many good reviews I was looking forward to this place.   Went early Saturday morning when they were not busy but it still took forever before a waitress finally came over.   I had to get up myself after 10 minutes just to get a menu.   My breakfast consisted of weak coffee, instant grits and the hollandaise sauce out of package on my Eggs Benedict. Waste of time and money.
Saw the excellent reviews on yelp and decided to try eating here.  Food and service was amazing.  Get the apple fritters if you can... food takes a little longer to come out but I prefer it that way because the quality was excellent.  A must stop in Daytona from now on!
Wonderful little breakfast or lunch spot. Great food done right with a warm and welcoming atmosphere. If you're passing through the area I'd definitely worth the stop, it's even worth going a little bit out of your way to get a bite to eat here! I had their wonderful country style eggs benedict, (sausage, egg, biscuit, covered in sausage gravy) which was outstanding.
Patrick is right!  This place is great and we should have eaten here every morning!   We went here and were served by one of the brother/owners who had just had a baby 3 days prior!  We told him he needed to spend time at home!!!   Either way, we got seated immediately with a big hello and have a seat where you'd like!  It was great, coffee came out fast and hot and actually really good!  Patrick hit it dead on, they have french vanilla and hazelnut creamer at the table, but the coffee was good! Then I had a couple eggs, English muffin and a pancake to split with my son.  It was all delish!  Cooked perfectly, and my hubby had an awesome omelet which he devoured!  Food was good, service was better than best and the place was clean, friendly and inviting.   It's located in a strip mall and had parking just outside.
While on a spontaneous trip to Florida, we ran across this amazing place. Absolutely loved the omelettes, home fries and coffee. We will definitely be back!
Both times we went we got a table immediately even though it was packed. Very busy little place yet my coffee never hot the bottom of my cup. Wait staff were in their a+ game. Had the steak and eggs and it was good. But the Chesapeake eggs were amazing!  Perfectly cooked. Will be back every morning I'm in Daytona.
We ate breakfast here, late in the morning 11am, it was packed. We got a table soon after arriving and got the menus. We both had breakfast. Western omelet toss, delicious.
Love this place for breakfast or lunch. Always stop in when I am in town. They are expanding the dining room so they should have a lot more seating soon.
Staff was cordial.  Food didn't live up to the hype.  Price not bad.  Stay away from the fritters.
4.0: Coffee very good and refills are swift (thank you waitress for being on the ball - and efficient)...can't remember your name but you are excellent 4.0: Hubby had corned beef hash with eggs and rye toast (he said it was very tasty) 4.0: I had the crab cake benedict....very tasty....NOT salty (which was excellent as had same dish in Cocoa Beach at a different place and it was sub-par) - the cracked egg make it right Busy place but we were seated promptly.  Great servers and good food. Music just a tad on the loud side though - and we weren't there long and the same song played twice.  Music is oldie music that was even before my mother's time.....and hubby said it was considered oldie music when he was young :-).....  However, it does align with that "50's diner vibe" I guess.  However, would be nice if it had no music or just a tad less loud (especially first thing during the day). Food is good and they do a nice job (a lot of places you go to and the coffee is rubbish - however, this place is like a well oiled machine and the coffee hit's the right notes and very tasty).
On our honeymoon my husband and I popped in for breakfast, he was skeptical but this place is a gem! Both had the biscuits and Gravy and being from KY we had high expectations for some good ole fashioned home cooking and that's exactly what we got! Although I will admit it felt like the whole place starred us down when we walked in like we had horns! I was impressed with their selection of Mimosas! We're coming back again before we leave for home!
Whole family loved this place!  Don't go here in a hurry though, as the service is on beach time... as it should be.  Corned beef hash was as good as the previous reviews state.  Hubby and I had omelets that were fantastic with top ingredients.  The ham was thick and tasty in my omelet.  My daughter and I have food allergies, and they were able to accommodate easily. We tried other breakfasts spots while visiting Daytona beach, but this one was, BY FAR, the best!  A must when visiting the area.
Great food and good service. Small local dive with little ambiance but lots of soul. It where breakfast food is at its best. Highly recommend.
Eggs benidict was amazing
There's a homey atmosphere at The Cracked Egg Diner in Daytona Beach Shores.  Granted, we stopped in on Christmas Eve so the holiday tunes may have affected our impression a bit.  Regardless, we were immediately met with a welcome shout from the kitchen and a strong (and smooth) cup of coffee. We started with the popular Apple Fritters, which we found a little disappointing: not enough apple and a bit too doughy.  Likewise the French Toast was a bit routine, but what we did find to be quite fantastic were the Biscuits and Gravy and the Homemade Corned Beef Hash.  The biscuits and gravy were uncharacteristically and unbelievably light yet still had all the flavor you'd expect from this customarily weighty diner classic.  The homemade corned beef hash, best eaten with 2 eggs over-easy, was well seasoned and contained a generous amount of meat.  Making the hash in-house really makes all the difference.  Neighboring diners were enjoying large, good looking omelettes.  A Veggie Omelette is on our list for next time - with a side of hash.
Good food, good service. Quick service and reasonably priced. The Purucker brothers make you feel welcome. By all means try the orange juice, it's worth a visit all by itself.
Super breakfast spot.  Home made corned beef hash.  Eggs are from fresh local.  Fresh squeezed OJ. Mimosas- 5 kinds if you like them.  Owner working and greeting patrons.   I wish there were more of these establishments.  Kudos to he owners!   Forget the tourist traps and et here.  Any wait is worth it.
I stopped here for breakfast because of the great reviews here on Yelp. This is a typical Daytona Beach Dive. I ordered the crab on English muffin with hollandaise sauce and grits. The crab was good but, the English muffin was stale. The hollandaise sauce was salty and the grits were bland. The server came to the table and asked what they could get me to drink then walked off without saying anything. They came back with my drink and took my order then walked off again without saying anything. When she delivered my food she never came back until I was done eating. I found this very typical at Daytona restaurants. If class and excellent service is important to you then I would advise avoid Daytona all together.
Awesome, awesome place. From the moment you walk in, you feel the "small-town" feel, even though most of the people there are tourists (like myself). Regardless, the place is just the right size, the coffee is fresh and hot, the service is prompt (and friendly), and the food is amazing. I ordered the apple fritters and country fried steak. The steak was amazing! Batter is great, you can taste the quality. Portion is just right! We got the fritters to go, but it smells great! Love the place, great personal service. One of the owners were actually very involved in seating, hosting, cleanup and service work. Nice to see the pride behind the work. I wish Daytona beach was a frequent destination for us because of places like this! ......So my wife wanted to make sure we mention the orange juice. Freshly squeeze, good mix of pulp-juice and sweetness to tartness! You like good food? You'll love this place!
Fantastic breakfast in Daytona Beach Shores.  Wished they actually opened up a little earlier, but the menu is fun with some interesting items and the food is delicious.  Much better breakfast than any other option reasonably close by.
A Florida gem for sure! The food was amazing and my mimosa had fresh squeezed orange juice. It's cute, tiny, retro yet keeping up with the times. The customer service is wonderful, it feels like a family and I love that. The owner even sat us down, checked on us and comped my meal when coffee was spilt on me. I would recommend this for those who care about where they eat and what they eat!
My cousin came over to visit me in Daytona Beach and this morning we wanted to eat a good hearty breakfast. I yelped couples places and this place came up. The pictures and reviews seemed pretty reliable so we decided to check this place out.  Once arrived this place was packed! No one loves to wait, but the wait just seemed to make the place more worth it.  We both ordered orange juice which totally tasted hand squeezed.  I got the cracked egg omelette which has all the vegetables and meats in there, plus hashbrowns and toast on the side. Also got a side of corn beef hash that's homemade, and it was really good. totally recommend this place. Going to go back to try other things they offer.
One of the best breakfasts W've had in a long time. My corn beef hash was made with fresh corned beef, not out of a can. My wife's Greek omelet was stuffed with ingredients. The egg was nice and thin. We don't like the fluffy egg style. We have it 4 stars because the coffee was weak, so don't order it, get one of their famous mimosas.
Great food very good eggs benedict and the hash was amazing.  Service was great.  We will be back for sure.
This place is great! The food is good and Everyone is friendly!!
Good local restaurant. Good food and excellent service, it is a very down to earth casual diner. We are always excited to eat here when in town, and my husband loves the cracked egg omelette!
We just got back from a little birthday trip to the beach for my daughters 6th birthday.  I saw the reviews for this restaurant before we took our trip and made sure I went. It did not disappoint! The Belgian waffles with strawberries was so super light and delicious. My husband got the corned beef hash which was so good too. It was crispy and had onions in it. Best of all, the whole restaurant sang happy birthday to my little girl and she got a pink carnation. It really made her day and she felt so special. I had to come on and write a review because this is a special little place that made us feel so welcome!
Locally owned restaurant, and the owners (and their parents) are always there!  GREAT ambience, fantastic food, great prices, and amazing service! I have had the omelets, which are huge and yummy.  My husband likes the Southern Scramble, and the coffee is also great!   Great place to eat!!!
just the best!  I came with 4 other adults and 4 kids and we were all treated quickly and with respect.  I had oatmeal with strawberries and brown sugar, simple, but you'd be surprised how many places don't do it right.  This was tasty and great.  I made sure to try my friends dishes too (of course) and they were all great.  There was just the littlest bit of a wait when we arrived at 11 on a Sunday morning (to be expected).  The wait was no longer than 10 minutes and absolutely worth it.  The decor is great the service is exceptional...just GO already!
I kept hearing about how great this place was and decided to try it. The food was good, not great, but the service was horrible. Went for breakfast with a couple of friends and they weren't busy at all. The waitress only came out from the back to take our order, give us our food, and give us the check. When she brought the food, I mentioned to her that my side order of Bacon was missing. She never brought me the Bacon and the next time we saw her was when she brought our check which had the bacon on it. I must have had a bad experience cuz everyone else seems to like this place.
A few friends and I visited Daytona Beach in October and the first morning we went to the Cracked Egg because of how close it was to our hotel. It was so good we ended up coming back every single morning for the next 4 days. All the breakfast specials were creative and very tasty, specifically the frosted flake strawberry french toast and the chocolate belgian waffle. Really quick service as well.
Conveniently located on A1A in Daytona Beach Shores, this diner has all of your standard fare in the way of breakfast dishes, burgers and sandwiches. The place can be packed at times during peak breakfast add lunch hours but it's generally worth the wait because the food is consistently good and generally served up quickly by the Purucker family and their staff.
The apple fritters, were, as promised, delicious. Order them! I tried the Greek omelet which was great- eggs cooked well, lotsa tomatoes & olives, yum! The Chesapeake Benedict was good but not astounding. Overall, a great place for brunch. P.s. order the grapefruit mimosa.
I read the reviews here and we decided to give it a try and I must say, it was excellent.  We got the apple fritters, which were really good.  They actually had big pieces of apple in them, which you don't find every day.  I had the eggs chesapeake, eggs benedict with crab cakes and they were sooo good, again, big chunks of crab and very little filler, not always the case.  My son scarfed his western omelette and BF loved his breakfast as well (though I don't remember what it was).  Service was really wonderful, friendly, quick and just very welcoming.  Though it was our first visit, they made us feel like regulars.  Highly recommend it!
Great diner with a local feel! The fresh squeezed orange juice is amazing! I ordered the eggs Benedict with the addition of crab, and it was yummy! My side of grits came with lots of butter on the side. My husband had a breakfast sandwich and said it was great also. Overall a great place and I look forward to eating there again.
The food was really good and service great! I would have given 4 stars but as I was waiting to use the restroom I  could see into the back where just the employees are allowed and the floor was disgusting. Unappetizing! Please clean it!
Great food, diner feel, and great staff. My new favorite spot!
Service a bit slow. Kielbasa and eggs...yum. Eggs clean and simple. Not greasy. Greek omelette with lots of Kalamata.
My husband had the Kielbasa and eggs, I had the the biscuits and gravy with a side of hashbrowns. Overall it was pretty good, Typical Diner Experience, Nothing special. I had a milk and he had a juice, our bill came to about $23 plus tip.
This is a place to come in Daytona shores beach. The food here is always good. We had some spectacular Hashbrowns. Fluffy biscuits nice poached eggs. This is at two in the afternoon. Typically when you would see dry crusty biscuits and nasty food out of a breakfast place. Nice job guys
Service was fine, food was good, but somehow we ended up paying a lot more than we expected when the bill came - and yes, I did look at the menu prices before we ordered. I did like the fact that it was obviously family owned and family friendly. I wish I could give a three and a half.
Much better these days. i have started going back and thing seem to have really turned around at the egg
What a great place! We all had something different and it was great. I had the homemade corn beef hash and it was out of this world. The only downside was the grits did not live up to the rest of the meal but that's not a big deal.
We were passing through Daytona when we found this place on Yelp.  The owner greeted us at the door & also checked on us during the meal.  The freshly squeezed orange juice was really good!  We had the Southern Egg Scramble, the Cracked Egg Omelet & apple fritters.  All were delicious.  Our server was really nice & attentive.  Would definitely go back.
We ate here on Thursday and it was nice and friendly.  The food was good it was a little pricy.  I had the french toast.
We finally had a chance to try this place after hearing about it, and we're glad that we did. We gave it the acid test - arrived at 10:30 on a Sunday morning. The place was packed. One of the brothers that owns the place greeted us, took our name, and gave us the wait time, that wasn't outrageously long. We were then offered coffee or mimosas to have during our wait. Nice touch. After about 10 minutes or so, we were taken to our table, gave our drink orders, and had menus in hand in about a minute. I looked around - the place was very busy, clean, and the staff was going at a good pace. The owner was constantly moving, either seating people, taking names for seating, or checking tables and talking with the diners. Overall, it was very well run during a very busy time. We gave our order, and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. One of the specials was a Southern Scramble - biscuits and gravy with home fries layered in. Very good - the gravy was obviously made in house - not Chef Mate from a can. The other dish ordered was a cheddar cheese omelette with a side of corned beef hash. Nicely cooked omelette, plenty of cheese.The accompanying home fries were plentiful, and well cooked. You have a choice of home fries, hash browns, or grits with 3 kinds of toast. The hash was excellent -  made there, and very well done. Levels above the canned variety that you normally get. The texture was fine, with more corned beef than onions and potatoes. Seasoned perfectly - not salty like so many others. Plenty of it as well. Coffees were refilled without having to ask, people were checking to make sure that everything was to our liking, and we were impressed with how well the place was running as busy as they were. No problems were seen. One thing that I did notice was a table near by ordered their apple fritters - they appear to be quite popular, as I saw several orders coming out. This table did not like them, for whatever reason, and told their server. The server apologised, left them on the table, and said they would be removed from the check. Most places would take them away, but I liked the fact that they were left, just in case someone at the table might like and eat them. What was more impressive was the fact that the owner came to the table, apologised to them for not liking the fritters, and spent a few minutes talking with them. Well done - I like it when your concerns are addressed, and you feel like they care about them, and don't just brush you off. Overall, we really enjoyed our meal, were impressed by the operation, and will definitely eat there again. You are made to feel comfortable there and not rushed - even when they are jammed up and running at 100%. These people know how to run a restaurant, and the results are why I prefer privately owned places and do not frequent chains. It's always a good feeling to dine in a place that makes you feel that they appreciate your business.
Great breakfast - family oriented. Loved the signs on the wall.
Consistently excellent for breakfast and lunch.  Try to get there early on weekends because it fills up fast.
This place is fantastic! I live in Miami and I am a return customer to this great place. Best breakfast in Daytona, by far!!
Saw how busy the Cracked Egg was driving by a couple of times so decided to try it. A little bit of a ride for us but well worth it. Food, service, and overall experience was great. They have home made corn beef hash that I look forward to trying next time.
Worst breakfast place in Daytona, poor service and TERRIBLE food. I've tried it 4 years in a row while on vacation in Daytona, and it has been awful every single time! Never again.
Visited a number of times over the past few months and it has been consistently good. Service and food spot on. Great kids coloring sheets and crayons. Hot sauce is great and available to buy. Nice people and due to my daughter being an early riser we have never had to wait but if I did have too I would. My favorite......the veggie omelet with pepper jack mmmm
Well, I read the reviews and decided to go for breakfast today. I ordered the New York strip steak and eggs. There was no blood coming from the steak and a ton of seasoning on the top. The cook was good at matching the medium order but was closer to rare.  The steak had a funny taste to it, like it was grass fed.  That was all that took the last two stars away. The apple fritters were very good. But not a meal which you are there for. Seating arrangement was strange. The sign says seat yourself when you walk in and then a man took our name down. Strange. A table would open and I would begin to head there being that we were the only ones waiting and the man would tell us it's not our turn. People would come in the door and be seated.... Don't know where they come from.  They must be sitting in their cars.  Wait was 20 mins, so not bad. But still strange. Service was great but don't plan on getting in and out because it is a beach life pace here. It took us 1 hr and 30 mins to order and eat.  The staff was courteous and attentive but slow paced.  Nothing special here. Good but won't be returning. There r better in the area
Do not be deterred by the outside appearance this restaurant will not disappoint.....stopped in for breakfast on the recommendation of a hotel manager where we were staying. Fresh and delicious meals and a very pleasant and friendly upbeat atmosphere. Only disappointed that we did not know about it sooner but we will definitely return on our next visit !
Waking up ravenously hungry I decide to take the trek down A1A to Daytona Beach Shores and try out a restaurant that has been recommended to me a few times "The Cracked Egg". This charming corner unit in the strip mall has that old school diner atmosphere without sacrificing the local beach feel of the area. I'm greeted by a friendly and hilariously sarcastic server who hands me my menu and a steaming cup of coffee. The coffee was average, nothing special; After reading through the menu I decide on the "Cracked Egg Omelet" an over sized omelet filled with a little of every meat and vegetable in the house topped with sausage gravy served with home fries and toast. The stand on my table informs me that they use all local farm fresh eggs and vegetables where possible, which is a rare concept for the area. The omelet was incredible, the flavor of the fresh eggs is so obvious it takes me back to my time in Portland, Or and the hash browns and buttered rye toast went perfectly with it. For about $10 this was a voyage well worth it, I highly recommend the Cracked Egg to anyone looking for an amazing breakfast in the Daytona Beach Shores.
We finally got a chance to try The Cracked Egg after driving by many times. A bit disappointed in the coffee, as we both enjoy a STRONG cup. TCE's was very weak. The menu looked great but our waitress didn't seem that interested in taking our order or refilling our coffee cups. (It was busy, but she passed us often and never even spoke...even just to say she'd be with us soon.) We finally ordered and waited, and waited........several tables received their meal and yet we waited. We are not complainers, so we waited patiently...still no food or explanation for the delay. The other waitresses appeared to be attentive and efficient. Ours seemed self-absorbed and neglectful. The food finally arrived and it was delicious. We'll probably give TCE another try simply because the food was good. Hoping for a different waitress next time. Perhaps she was having a bad day?
Good local diner.Owners are great. Solid choice.
Recently I had meatloaf mashed potatoes mixed veg and chili the chili was salty ,the meatloaf was dry and hard. And very under seasoned the mashed was hard and lumpy while the frozen mixed veg were mushy
This is just a typical diner with a little twist on their food.  We had the Southern Scramble and another breakfast dish.  It looked like the kind of place locals go to all the time.  We would go back again when we are in the Daytona area.
Stopped by this morning with 5 older kids and although very busy they accommodated all of us rather quickly.The staff was courteous and the food was Great ! The owner greeting customers as they came in and thanking them as they left was nice to see. This is not for people looking for luxury it's for people looking for great food, prices, and service in a Good Ol' fashion atmosphere!
