After searching high and low all over central Florida for a good restaurant near the water I have found paradise.  My husband and I went two nights in a row to Hidden Treasure because it was that good!   The food is delicious we sampled the steamer clams, fried green tomatoes, mussels, crab cakes, crab fritters, corn nuggets, and clam strips during our two visits and everything was fantastic.  Nothing tasted as though it was frozen or not fresh. The atmosphere is so peaceful and really makes me feel as though I'm on vacation even though I live minutes from here.  Both nights we got to enjoy the amazing musical stylings of Sean who performs covers of great songs with his acoustic guitar.  I can't say enough about this talented performer he really added to the great experience. One last thing I have to mention is the free sampling of the awesome sea salt and coconut oil scrub in the bathroom. Love, love, love Hidden Treasure!
Some friends flew in from Vermont so we went to the lighthouse and thought it would be a good idea to have some local seafood from a highly rated restaurant. At this posting we have waited over 45 minutes for food while the place is hardly busy. We are currently all staring at our unfilled drinks debating on just leaving due to the poor service. At this point we are wondering if they had to go catch all the seafood. Hopefully it will be worth the wait but based off of the scant food we have seen walk past us it doesn't look promising. Just as we were about to walk out the food finally came with an unapologetic waitress. We asked for a manager. It appears that the waitress waited 20 mins to put in our order. No wonder why other tables who came in after us got their food. The manager then explained the food usually takes 40 mins. I know the manager was put in a tuff spot, she was slightly brusque but did offer a slight discount (a whole 2$!) While the wait was a bit excessive, it's fine if the proper expectations are set and the we can base our decision off of that information. Also it does help if the order is put in on time. More than half of the table works in customer service and we hate angry customers and also don't like to be the angry customer. Poor customer service however is never something to put you in a good mood.   However the food was good but the hassle was not worth the effort of coming back out with anyone else. Would not ever recommend this spot to anyone. We spoke to the bartender (fastest way to get refills on any of our drinks albeit alcoholic or non) and apparently this is not the first issue they've had with that server. If your help is driving away business I think it's good idea to no longer have said help.
Food was good, atmosphere very nice. Music was a little loud so hard to talk to others. I did enjoy it and would go back.
Atmosphere is relaxing and great for kids. Food was OK. Great place to relax and have an adult beverage.
Unlike the Hidden Treasure in South Daytona this place is actually great ! The food is always great and has a beautiful view on the water and lighthouse !
Awesome atmosphere and service! Drinks are great and inexpensive. Food was great too! We had the gator Po' boy and the ahi tuna burger. The view of the Ponce Inlet is spectacular, and being right on the dock you are sure to see manatees or dolphins. We will definitely be coming back the next time we are in Daytona.
We tried this spot for lunch after sitting on the beach all morning..... what a great spot for lunch!  My wife had the blackened cod tacos and I had a shrimp po boy.....both were excellent and fresh from the ocean!  Our waitress Britney was outstanding as well and everyone was very nice.   Double thumbs up from both my wife and I!
After some cardio (climbing the lighthouse steps) these yankees needed to refuel. We decided to try this place because it looked cute, it was on the water, and a sign outside claimed that their food would be freshly prepared. Sold! As it was a drizzly lunchtime in early May, we didn't have much of a wait for a table, for drinks or for food. We enjoyed a few seafood salads - blackened shrimp and scallops over mixed greens - along with some craft beer drafts. The youngest had the chicken fingers with homemade chips - tasty! I can imagine this place hopping on a sunny day or at night with some live music. Reminded me a bit of a mini - Seacrest in OCMD. We would come back again for sure.
Exactly what i look for in a Tiki Bar & More! Its a drive that i would love to repeat time & again when i visit New Smyrna. A Softshell Crab Sandwich with 2 Fried Softshell Crabs:)) Excellent not-too-sweet Mojito like i asked and everything was yummlicious to boot!
If it weren't for the "slave quarters" sign depicting a person with a whip posted in the inside dining area (uploaded), I would give this place 5 stars. The food was amazing (calamari [on the skimpy side but the sauce was delicious] cod sandwiches, mashed potatoes [out of this world!!] and french fries) as well as the drinks (lighthouse lemonade and rose dragon). The wait time was a little/pretty slow. However, once our meal was finished and my girlfriend went to the bathroom she noticed the sign. It made me rethink the whole experience. No matter what the "theme" of a restaurant/bar is, there's no excuse to have such degrading and oppressive imagery. The food is great, I will give them that. So if you don't mind putting money in the pockets of ignorant and/or racist people, I'd recommend this place. Unfortunately, I won't be returning until the sign is taken down.
Pretty simple to describe really: Beer, Margaritas, Florida style seafood (read mostly fried) and Jimmy Buffett playing the background. It's on the water which is nice when the weather cooperates and you can sit outside along the inlet.  Great place to go with groups of friends looking for some cold ones and a couple of lbs of boiled (actually over boiled) shrimp.
I love this place. Food is always great. Service is awesome (Chris is an excellent server) View is amazing. And it's pet friendly! We had the Florida kracker sampler. It was awesome. It consisted of a few of their appetizers. I ordered the crab cake sandwich. It was all crab and very little cake...super delicious. My family ordered the catch of the day..wahoo...blacker  and fried...you just can't go wrong. I've also had the fish tacos. Those are great as well. Just overall a great place to eat with a great atmosphere.
This place is great! The food was delicious! I had blackened red snapper-to die for! The atmosphere was just what I was looking for! The breeze off of the water and all the pelicans made it a nice place for a dinner date! My husband and I are visiting from St. Louis and we will definitely be coming back here on our next visit!
What a great eatery. My husband had the shrimp basket and enjoyed it thoroughly. The breading was crisp and the homemade potato chips delish!  He even dipped his chips in the remaining sauce (for the shrimp ). I had the seafood salad, blackened. The scallops and shrimp were nicely done. I had the Lighthouse Lemonade, two in fact!  Not too heavy on the rum. Just the way I like it.
Very poor service, rude and inattentive. At one point we were having to share drinks. The food was good but after two hours of dealing with the service it out shadowed the food.
Loved it and our service! The portions are large and that was good because we were hungry! We got the burger huge! The fish sandwich huge! The fish dinner great! The kids meals greAt and so were the drinks!
We have been going to Hidden Treasure ever since we happened to try it a few years ago. The restaurant is aptly named! If you're going for a quick bite and a beer you can't go wrong. The fish dip and chips is our absolute favorite. We come here whenever we are in Ponce Inlet which is often. We even brought our dog once as it is dog friendly. I recommend this restaurant over Inlet Harbor which is overpriced for mediocre food or Down the Hatch which is also a tourist trap. We are coming this weekend and I can't wait!
I am giving four stars because I loved it, but it really was a bit of a mixed bag. There is something wrong with the service because we like other people waited close to an hour for our food, and our appetizer never came. We cancelled it. My dad also cancelled a glass of wine that never came. But... The setting is the best of any outdoor restaurant I've ever been to. Right on the water, Bob Marley playing, a big dock to walk on while you wait for your food. Also a boat for my little girl to explore. A twisted tree growing through the deck, lots of lights... The food was excellent especially the crab cakes, scallops and potato chips. The margarita with Patron was very strong. I got the Fisherman's Platter, blackened. The roumalade was great! I thought the shrimp and fish were just OK. The nearby lighthouse is definitely worth the trip too!
First time here, love it.  The fish dip with bbq chips really good.  The fisherman's platter I had broiled,  husband had it blackened,  both were great. The atmosphere a lot of fun, especially the man eating tree. Next time in the area definitely coming back.
Conch fritters were overcooked.  Told the waitress and she says,  "conch is very chewy".  Yeah, maybe when your hacks in the kitchen leave it in the frier too long.  I should have spit it out in my napkin Gordon Ramsey style.
Beautiful views, awesome vibe, great music, friendly staff. Slow service but the food was great and our server was attentive. She kept the drinks coming and was very friendly. We were there for 2 hours and could have stayed 2 more!
A really nice, fun, relaxing spot near the famous Ponce Inlet Lighthouse, perfect for lunch, dinner or just drinks. Great menu, lots of delicious items, could use a few more vegetarian selections, though. Really enjoyed some of the fine German beers they have on tap, including Hacker-Pschorr Oktoberfest-Märzen and Tucher Weizen -- both delicious. Food was prepared and presented very professionally. The sweet potato tots are excellent! Friendly, attentive service, lovely surroundings. Can't ask for much more in a marina bar and grill! We'll return each time we come to Ponce Inlet to visit the Lighthouse!
Great dog-friendly spot on the water near the lighthouse! My husband and I love going here whenever we visit his parents who live in Ponce Inlet. It's a charming, waterside, casual spot with great food and drinks in a comfortable setting. And today we found out you can bring your dog and sit outside as well - so much fun! Terrific friendly service and good eats! Definitely would recommend.
Best nachos my guy and I have ever had! Had the grilled chicken salad as an entree, was seasoned perfectly over crispy fresh greens. One if the best salads I've eaten in a restaurant. Great view, relaxed atmosphere. Right what we needed after fishing all day!  Will be back!
This is their best location great place for a weekend lunch and cocktail while enjoying a great view. We had the fresh catch grouper sandwich and shrimp po-boy it was all very good. The severs were great  only downside is parking and the long drive around from NSB. We may do the water taxi next trip they do have a parking attendant to help you park if you need it it is pretty tight parking but this is a beautiful location will return for sure
Cute location, good drinks, good service. Fried pickles were pretty darn greasy... but good. I would go back :)
Hidden Treasure is an appropriate name....this location is an absolute TREASURE...directly on the water...westward facing for fantastic sunsets...it's just breathtakingly beautiful. There is a very laidback tropical vibe here. Casual to the point it makes you feel like you are playing hooky from work, like you are on vacation or like you've just escaped from suburban life and moved to a stress free island. The food is surprisingly good. My friend Ralph and I, along with a few new friends we had met the night before who were in town for the weekend decided to head down to the inlet for bloody marys and something good to eat on a Sunday mid-morning. Hidden Treasure sits directly across from the Ponce Inlet Lighthouse (a magnificent historic structure worth it's own visit), but TODAY we were HUNGRY...and this place did not disappoint. We started with an appetizer platter called the FLORIDA Kracker Sampler...it had fried gator, smoked fish dip, steamed shrimp and their fresh house potato chips. ($15)  The gator was tender and really tasty...the smoked fish dip was AMAZING with the warm fresh fried potato chips that had a hit of BBQ seasoning. Everyone at the table was surprised at how much they enjoyed the smoked fish, so I would HIGHLY recommend it to anyone. The Shrimp were nicely cooked and tender. We were off to a GREAT start. Next we shared two dozen steamed oysters...they arrived fast and were surprisingly large. So good that we ordered an additional dozen. We also wondered what the Sweet Corn Pops were. Our server said they were really good, although when she described them I still couldn't picture what they were, but I was intrigued. We ordered some ($5) and THEY WERE FANTASTIC. Imagine pockets of creme corn somehow contained in a little fried morsel. One of the most impressive dishes was the Fisherman's Platter (we got it grilled, but I think it comes blackened and fried too). LOADED with Grilled Shrimp, a delicious crab cake, some of the best seasoned grilled scallops I've eaten and a very nice portion of fish. The corn on the cob was sweet and was a great compliment to the seasoning. ($24) Also VERY good was the Soft Shell Crab "Fried Green" BLT ($12) with applewood bacon...OMG...the way the fried green tomato goes with this...it's great. Try it. The favorite at the Table was the Crab Stuffed Flounder ($18). The lumps of crabmeat were really big, the stuffing well made, the Flounder fresh and prepared right....the whole dish was just fantastic. All in all, it was a Sunday Seafood Feast. One of the best meals I've had in a long time. I know we went in Hungry and came out Satisfied. The server was really pleasant and friendly even with nearly every table busy. I will definitely return with friends.
It's a hidden treasure in the intracostal. Amazing view!!! Great food and prices. You can seat next to the water.
Spent a relaxing evening having a delicious salad on the outdoor deck. My key west shimp were so tasty and my husband's crispy chicken was the perfect topping for his salad. We just wanted something light & this was perfect. Plan on going back on Thursday for their lobster special.   So nice to sit right on the water. The staff was efficient and friendly. We'll be sure to request Heather for our waitress again on our next visit.
It is a cute little place if you are in the area. Great view on the water by the docks. Not vegan friendly, but they do have a veggie burger that was tasty. The chips were excellent. The others with me ordered seafood and were satisfied with their orders!
Stumbled upon this place on accident... and it was absolutely amazing!!! Got the seafood boil and 2lbs of on the shell shrimp... service was superior, hurricanes a bit weak but the food, atmosphere, and service made up for it
Atmosphere rocks... and they let my dog in to the outside area! Just had nachos, nothing to rave about, daughter had a salad and Mom had a wrap. Plain old good bar food. On the water - does it get much better!? The hostess brought our dog a bowl of water, without us asking! :) Kitchen was very 'backed up' according to the bartender so we waited about 45 minutes for our food or it would have gotten a 5 star rating from us.
Our first visit and what a perfect name "Hidden Treasure" as it is a treasure.   They have both indoor and outdoor seating y the water.   Our wait staff was very personable and when we asked about the smoked fish dip, she brought us a sample and it was excellent.  We also ordered crab cakes and a shrimp -boy.  Great drinks also.   We will be back.
We got there late but the kitchen was still open and with very little fuss they were able to accept our $30 for $20 offer. The food was good and plentiful, and the wait staff friendly, even considering the late hour. More stars if we weren't initially seated at a picnic table far away from other patrons rather than closer to the live music and bar. No issues though when we asked to move. Good bar food.
Wore my Down-the-Hatch shirt intending to go there for a late Saturday afternoon dinner.  Stopped at the light house and saw this hidden gem across the road.   Looked at the menu, the crowd and listened to the music; all great.  Decided to check out DTH as we had been going there for 27 years.  The place was nearly empty, the live music was like karaoke and the prices had jumped since February.  This added to Yelp review concerns, we went back to Hidden Treasures and glad we did.  The view on the terrace of the outside bar was great.  The four us tried mussels, clams, coconut shrimp, crab cakes then seafood chowder, seafood tossed salad, lobster, garlic mashed potatoes,  steamed vegetables,  crab cake stuffed shrimp and the best shaved rib eye sandwich ever, right up there with "the original" at Earl of Sandwich....maybe better!  Corrine was our server and she was better than great.  We hated to leave.  Oh, the Key Lime pie was incredible. All the food was four or five stars.  They do need to work on the mix drinks, they all were very sweet or diluted.  We went for the food not the drinks so still give it 5 stars.  The tab was about 20% less than DTH and much better food, music, atmosphere and this time better service.  I may need to get a new shirt.
There are two Hidden Treasures that I have found in this area.  The Hidden Treasure on Ponce Inlet is a far better choice than the one located in Port Orange because of the amazing view and the interaction that is available with the local birds and squirrels.  Pelicans perch nearby, dolphins jump and play, friendly squirrels come close for food scraps and Joey the Egret flies in and walks the dock for leftover coconut shrimp pieces and other delights.  There is a huge tree on the outside deck and a docked boat offers seating as well.  The sunsets are amazing and the area offers a relaxed vibe with live music in the background as you enjoy your day or evening.  The food is not the main attraction, but the coconut shrimp is excellent and the rum runners are a favorite. We were warned by the wait staff to be very careful when leaving the restaurant because the Ponce Inlet police have nothing better to do than stop cars.  it is a quiet area apparently filled with older folks and the police like to keep the peace.  Watch your drinking and driving.
Let me start off by saying I'm a self proclaimed expert in restaurants just like this.  Now that is out of the way, I can honestly lead you fellow yelpers to this location.  I'm a part time Ponce resident, and constantly hope new places worth a damn will pop up.  Now this restaurant has been here for a long time, but changed to new ownership in the last few years.  I reviewed the old spot at 3 stars, and that was generous.  They now get 4, which could be a bit generous, but I feel warranted. Since there are not many reviews, I will go a bit more detailed than usual  and break it out for you: Location:  Awesome.  Simply awesome.  Beautiful views of the intercoastal and inlet, gorgeous at sunset, great deck with old trees growing through it, a boat with a table in it, outdoor bar, etc.  Very old school  Florida fish camp feel to it.  Exactly what I like.  I was kept away from this location for years in fear it was a tourist trap with all the crap out front and the proximity to the Lighthouse.  If you want a tourist trap, you can hear the live music playing from it while watching a peaceful sunset here! Food:  Very good overall.  I had a fried scallop po-boy.  Huge, fresh and wonderful scallops, wonderful fresh roll and a nice remoulade.  The wifey had seared tuna which was excellent, and like the cucumber wasabi sauce so much she tried to recreate it at home (with disastrous results!).  The little ones had stuff off the kids menu...chicken fingers and corn dogs...can't screw that stuff up.  For an app, I got the fish dip.  Very good.  I would have preferred it with just crackers though and not their homemade chips.  Now to the chips.  Not many things I like more than a good homemade potato chip.  They came with the fish dip, and all our food.  The issue is that they put their BBQ seasoning on all the chips.  I'm just not a huge BBQ chip fan, and they were good, but after a few I was done with them.  Just overkill.  So, I will give a suggestion:  Put your seasoning on the side, and let people put it on if they like.  Heck, maybe they will dig it and you can sell the bottles (I want royalties!).  Also, maybe change it up.  I make some damn good homemade chips at home with Old Bay.  If you have a side of Old Bay chips with some fresh steamed seafood, what could be better?!  Once again...if I see this on the menu I will at least kindly ask for a free order the next time I come! Service:  The restaurant was not busy at all, which makes me think they are having trouble getting up and going.  With that, service was good.  Our waitress (who was newer) was attentive and the drinks stayed full on a warm evening.  What was nice and I always appreciate, was that the manager (I assume) checked in a few times as well. Price:  OK, this is one area I felt we were a little off.  Everything seemed just a couple bucks higher here than other spots, and got me thinking again they were looking for the tourist dollars.  I know prices in my head of other local spots for raw oysters, steamed seafood, etc...and the prices here were a couple bucks higher.  I also know though that the real estate here is a bit more than some of the other spots, so I could justify it I suppose.  I'm not saying it it too expensive, but just had to note it.  In fact, I think all the food we got was a good value, especially my po-boy and the kid's meals. So, if you are looking to get away from the tourist trap places like Inlet Harbour and more towards an old school Florida feel, give this place a try.  Look past some of the cheesy signs and stuff in the parking lot, and sit down to some nice fresh seafood in a great location.
Just a note, this restaurant is not facing west - it's more facing south-east.  Otherwise, it's a fun place that has improved greatly over the years.  It's a perfect place to stop after a lighthouse visit.  As far as service goes, a couple of years ago, it was dismal, but now it's great!
Love this place!!! Just a stones throw from the Ponce Inlet Lighthouse and right on the Inlet. Had the Conch fritters and Beer-battered Mahi-mahi Sandwich, both exceeded expectations. Service is super friendly.
Excellent coconut shrimp and margaritas.  Rentals for kayaks, jet ski's, paddle boards, other water craft, right next door.
I really wanted to like this place because of the location and the rum bar but previous reviewers are right; the service is slow to the point of negligence.  We will not come back because it took 90 min to get our food and it wasn't even busy.  They did give us 10 percent off which was nice, but the food wasn't that good either so it was just a bad experience overall.
Excellent location & views, average food, below average service.  They appeared to be very understaffed and struggling.  Beverages served in plastic cups because they said they didn't know what had happened to the glasses?! Try the gator....skip the sweet potato bites.
Just had lunch there and it was a great Sunday outing. Interesting selection of menu items. We ordered the sweet corn pops as an appetizer and they were great and plentiful--easily enough for 4 with entrees. I had the soft shell crab BLT. The "t" was fried green tomatoes--yummy. My husband had the fried clam strip basket--delicious, sweet clams. Did I forget to mention the homemade chips? So many we brought home at least 2/3. Wonderful, quirky atmosphere. Service was excellent.
I would go back...It was Biketoberfest, so it was busy. Lovely area. Very scenic. Food was very good. Service was also good.
VERY local.  Third time. Love this place! Great setting on the water . Catch of the  day arriving soon.
This is a funky place right on the water. We ate on the deck at a picnic table. The waitresses were hustling (and mostly kept up). The food was delicious. I wouldn't tell someone to go out of there way to eat here, but if you are in the area I do recommend it.
At first I was impressed that the server did not take notes but  we did not get everything we ordered so I guess a note pad was required after all.   The food was good but the wait was ridiculous.  Something seriously wrong with the management team.  The place was half full.  We will not be back.
We had the clam chowder and oysters for starters and shared a Fisherman's Platter.  Great food and really friendly service.
