If you want a burger with the best quality meat you could possibly obtain, then this is your new favorite place! If I'm not mistaken, this place is owned and operated by Gaff's Quality Meats, which is pretty much as good as it gets when it comes to a local butcher. And from what I understand, The Daily Grind freshly presses their meat every day to make some of the freshest burger patties in the area. You can absolutely taste the difference in the quality of meat as soon as you take your first bite. I love this place!
Let me start by saying the concept is great. For what they do I'm kind of surprised by how small of a seating area there is. The staff seemed friendly and quick and that's always a plus. Food: I ordered the smokehouse burger (bbq sauce,bacon,cheddar,onion straws),fries and coleslaw.            Coleslaw- was pretty tasty and fresh             Burger- Asked for med well and it was well. A bit dry for me. It was just "ok" .                           Not the worst but I've definitely have had better. Bacon  and onion        straws had a good crunch. Bread was good but a bit soggy.             Fries- Pretty good, a little on the greasy side. My father enjoyed his hot dog and coleslaw and said his onion rings were cooked perfectly. My son devoured his grilled cheese and said it was "willy gwood" so I will take his word for it. I like that they used the same bread for his grilled cheese that they used for the hamburger buns. The grilled cheese was a little lame looking though. Pricing wasn't too shabby for how many toppings you can put on. A big plus is that they use Gaffs meat. When I lived here that's the only place I would get my meat from. It's definitely good but this just didn't do it for me in comparison to other yum burgers I've had.
Love their burgers and fries! Grilled yummy burgers and unique fried yummy fries! Love going there!
This is my absolute favorite burger joint of all-time. Tonight I had the Fuego burger and it was excellent. They always ask how you want you burger cooked and they always are spot on. The atmosphere is a quiet roar-- perfect for a casual date or night out with a friend. I would highly recommend it for a high quality meal that is perfect for lunch or dinner.
My husband and I come here every time we are in the area and we LOVE it! I get a burger cooked medium and it is always so juicy. I love the fries, they're always crispy and one of the only places I actually like the fries! They have a few different sauces to put on your burger, like hickory ketchup, and garlic ketchup, which I love. Service is quick and everyone is so friendly. Whenever were here I think the words "this is soo good" come out of my mouth about 20 times :) this is the best burger I've ever had, and it is consistently that good every time we eat here
We walked in and were greated with actual enthusiasm! Then when I walked up, i asked for suggestions and to just be surprised. I was made the Volcano burger and it was one of, If not, the best burger I've had. Cooked perfectly.. My girlfriend got a barbecue pork sandwich and it was also great.
Only came here once it was a Saturday off-peak hours we were a little disappointed being we had read so many good reviews. The place was in disarray and it appeared the crowds had just cleared out. We ordered a cheese burger and a chili cheese dog, the burger was extremely over-cooked we ordered it medium and it was very well done and dried out. The chili dog I was hoping would save the day and it was looking really good until it came time for them to add the chili, apparently they added water after the rush to thin it out some I'm guessing. Well as he attempted to top the dog with chili the spoon was full of very thin clear liquid watered down chile and completely saturated the bun until it was a soggy mess. Instead of starting over he just said oops and handed me the plate. We had waited about 15 minutes to get this mess and decide to just write it off since the were getting busy, we threw out the dog and half eaten burger and walked out in disbelief that they would actually serve this up. To say the least we are a little hesitant to go back for a second round even though the reviews rate it so high.
Best burger place in town. Fresh meat make great burgers. Good selection of patty sizes to choose from to fit how hungry or hangry you are. Also a good choice of classic to adventurous menu options. The toppings bar is always well stocked and super fresh. The tomatoes are always a juicy bright red, never under ripened like a lot of places can be.
Wow! And Wow! Again! Cooked perfectly, tasted amazing! I can't remember when I enjoyed a burger more!
We just moved to Port Orange and wanted to try somewhere new, so off to Daily Grind we went.  I had a Cheddar cheeseburger with onion rings and husband had a well done burger with hickory ketchup and Chili on the side.  The burgers were really good, thick and well made.  The onion rings were also really good, sweet and thick without being doughy or limp.  My husband didn't care for the Chili, i think he said it was "just okay."  The extensive toppings bar with the suggestion of lettuce grown fresh on-site was a nice touch.  Husband had the hickory ketchup and said it was very, very Hickory.  Oh, and a Coke Freestyle machine just to round out the full variety of options.  I had a great meal and plan to return for more.
I miss this place so much!! I've been here 4, more or less, times. I live on the East Coast but have been to Daytona twice and came here during my stay. I remember getting the same sandwich every time - the Aztec chicken breast sandwich (guacamole, sour cream, and picante sauce). SO GOOD. And I loved the sweet potato fries. We need a Daily Grind in New Jersey, por favor!
Whenever we would pass through Port Orange, we would try to stop at Red Robin because there wasn't one closer to Orlando. Now we have the Winter Garden location, which is working wonderfully for us (though not our health and wallet). So the last time we were at Port Orange, we decided to give something else a try. The Daily Grind it is! And now, we can only hope that they will follow the trend and open a location closer to Orlando. Because, seriously, the Smokehouse burger that we got was borderline perfect. The patty was seasoned well and juicy. The mix of all the toppings and the bun were all complementary and just downright mind-blowing. Yes, I did the whole "HMMMM!!!" after the first bite, complete with the closure of the eyes and pointing my face towards the sky like a "hallelujah" moment. We got it with a side of their sweet potato fries, which also came with its own condiment - a pineapple and marshmallow concoction, which is probably deathly but almost worth it. There are two outdoor seating areas, neither of which is directly in front of them, but apparently the three (or four?) stores that are next to each other share the two areas. We went at a really off time of day, so there was practically no one at any of the shops, but I can imagine once the weather is gorgeous again that they'll fill up rather quickly. We're so glad to have found another place in Port Orange that we can get really good burgers from - perfect after a visit to the beach or Ponce Inlet.
This place has one of the best burgers I have ever had.  I have had a ton burgers all over the country and this one did not disappoint.  The meat was so juicy.  I got the works burger cooked medium.  It was just perfect.  They have a topping bar with 2 lettuces, tomato, homemade pickles, onion, jalapenos, banana peppers, black olive and I am sure a few items I am forgetting.  They also make a few custom ketchups, garlic and hickory.  They also have stone ground mustard.  Just everything about Daily Grind is what you want in a burger joint.  I just wish that it was located in Indianapolis.  Perfection.
This was an amazing burger restaurant. The menu was a bit unique in the fact that it was designed as a "build your own burger" kind of place. You have the option of beef (5 oz, 7 oz, or 10 oz), chicken, and something else I couldn't remember. Then you had different choices of toppings and a list of recommended options. They also have other dishes there as well such as salads and steaks. What caught me the most was the different choices in ketchup such as garlic ketchup and hickory ketchup. They also have a topping bar with fresh tomatoes, lettuce, jalepeno, and others too. Overall I think this is an amazing place for burgers (as I have not tried anything else they have to offer) and would recommend giving the place a try.
We have been meaning to stop by The Daily Grind and give it a try for a while now. We finally took the opportunity to do so last night after agonizing over a dinner decision, as people are wont to do when they are tired and hungry and cranky ("What do you want?"  "I dunno, what do YOU want?" etc., etc.)  It's probably a 5 minute drive/10 minute walk from where we live, so I am not certain why it took us so long to get around to it!  Plus it turns out that there is a wine bar/bistro in the same plaza, so now we know that it's only a short walk there and a brief stumble home. I wasn't expecting the order at the counter set-up (that's what I get for skimming Yelp reviews, instead of reading thoroughly) and so I was unprepared to order. The black and blue sounded good (Blue cheese, bacon, fried onion petals, chipotle mayo) and I decided to go with the smallest size burger (5 oz; they also offer 7oz and 10oz) and chose a salad for my side.  I was going to order the fries but my partner convinced me that he would share his fries with me and that we didn't both need to order fries.  He would have ordered the hash brown casserole, but apparently it is so popular that it ran out!   I don't much care for sitting/standing around awkwardly for my food to be ready in these type places, but I guess that's just the way it goes.  It was probably only a 5-7 minute wait anyway, but you know how time slows and and stops and starts moving backward when you are ravenous. The salad was a few chunks of iceberg lettuce, a generous sprinkle of bleu cheese and some bleu cheese dressing.  Kind of a sad salad, really.  I figured I could doctor it up with some of the fixings at the burger bar (lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, onions, relish, olives, etc) but most of the items looked wilted and brown as if they had been sitting out all day, ignored by carnivorous customers who want just meat thank you very much and keep your commie vegetables to yourself. The novelty of the space age soda machine with a million and one flavors is really lost on me as I only ever order diet coke.  Because you know it cancels out the fat and calories from whatever you pair it with, right? Don't try to tell me differently.  There's science behind that claim.  Same lack of interest, more or less,  with the myriad flavors available at the condiment bar.  The's a garlic and a hickory and maybe one other flavor of ketchup...which is a nice idea I suppose...but I think ketchup tastes like a mouthful of vomit, so I never use the vile stuff.  There's also the standard mustards and mayonnaise as well We ate outside because for the end of May, it was a surprisingly temperate evening with a nice breeze, and we wanted to take advantage of that.  Plus it was rather crowded inside the restaurant proper. Both my companions exclaimed that their burgers were great  - "I'm never going back to Red Robbin again!" said one.  And my partner decided that the fries were amazing and he wanted them all to himself.  Well!  How about that.  I stole a couple for myself and they were pretty good.  They weren't too crisp, but they were not too mealy.  Perfectly salted.  I wish I had gotten them instead of my depressing salad. As for me, I did enjoy my burger, although I think that since it was a first visit I probably should have ordered it plain so that I could actually taste the burger...instead of all the toppings.  At one point the sandwich fell apart and I did try a bite of the meat and I was pretty impressed.  It was juicy and well seasoned - which scores big points as far as I am concerned because it seems like most places do not add any seasonings to their burgers and they are bland, bland, bland. As far as pricing, I think I paid around $21 for two people. - which for a couple of hamburgers seems a little high, but obviously we are paying for quality here, so I guess that's ok.  The service was relatively fast and friendly, the place was clean and it's a great location.  We will definitely be back.
Great burgers! I love that they have the option of a larger 10oz burger, as my appetite can handle it. The burger tastes so fresh and delicious. The roll is a top notch kaiser roll, mmmm. The only reason I don't give 5 stars is because the topping station is a little messy and the tongs were in the food to where the handles that people touch were actually touching some of the food... Also, the fries taste like frozen store-bought fries... But man, that's a tasty burger.
Stopped in here while in Port Orange to grab a quick dinner before a movie.  I wanted to avoid typical "fast" food and try something different than Five Guys.   The Daily Grind definitely didn't disappoint.  It is located in a newer plaza near I-95 and is easy to find off Dunlawton (even for me, an out of towner).  The guy that rang us up showed lots of southern charm and was super friendly from start to finish.  He was very patient while we bunched around the menu getting our order right.   Burgers are offered in 3 sizes ranging from 5 oz to 10 oz.  I chose a 10 oz burger with bleu cheese.  The burger was cooked to my requested temp and was nice and juicy!  I tried the sweet potato fries because of some yelpers recommendations and will pay that forward - they are excellent and come with a sweet dipping sauce. They have the now famous coke machine that lets you create your own franken-drink which is pretty cool.   For 2 of us for dinner it was $22 - not bad and probably cheaper than what Five Guys would have been.
Good burgers! I love the selection of toppings and sauces. The menu is fun and delicious.
Best burger place around hands down. The quality of the meat is exceptional- all ingredients are always fresh- and the burger is cooked to the correct temp every time. Also had a great toppings bar so you can add all of your favorites- and is always fresh. I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for an amazing burger.
I hadn't been to The Daily Grind in a very long time, so I figured I'd try it again (since I was heading to Cinnamon Tree Cafe anyways for some goodies).   Well, I'm feeling the love in the burgers again! So good to have the wonderful burger I remembered. As my previous review said, I didn't feel the love in the burgers, but it's back. The steaks are still good and really reasonably priced. I, myself, always end up with a burger, even when I think I'm wanting a steak. Ground beef so fresh I think I heard it "moo". Husband enjoyed his steak, and even said the fries were good! I got the Daily casserole which is always good. I will visit more frequently now that I know they care about the burgers again. One note: the prices seem to have risen. I'm not saying they're too expensive, but it sure isn't what I'd call inexpensive for a burger. (Again, the steaks are very reasonable). Example: A works burger (or whatever kind you want) comes in 5oz, 7oz and 10oz. The 10oz burger with a side and fries is $11. Now, if you are splitting the burger with someone, not too expensive. But if you can eat a 10oz burger...kinda pricey. I went with the 7oz, which was actually too big for me (shoulda got the 5oz) but I didn't get a combo, so I don't remember the price, exactly. But I got a side, no drink, so somewhere around $8 or $9 bucks I think? Anyways, it was really good...I'll be back. Good stuff!
I've been here at least a half-dozen times and the food is consistently good. The ingredients are fresh and the sweet potato fries are very good as well (although I don't care for the dipping sauce they provide). Overall a great lunch spot.
I have lived in Philly, Houston, Daytona, and Oklahoma City, and these are by far the BEST burgers I have ever had.  I always get either the Aztec (salsa, sour cream, guacamole, and pepper jack) or Steakhouse (fried onion petals, steak sauce, and pepper jack) with fries.  Always ALWAYS delicious and fries are good, too.  Had the chili once and was surprised by it as well.  Will be back again, and again, and again.... You pick either 5, 7, or 10 oz patty and then either one of their topping types (Aztec, Steakhouse) or pick your own.  They also have a fresh topping bar (pickles, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, etc...). I have never had a steak from here but I see they offer New York Strip for very cheap prices and my friends all rave about them (I stick with the burgers though because they're so good!!!).  The meat for the burgers and steaks is supplied by Gaff's, a local butcher, so the meat is all fresh. Could use more TVs.
I read that this place had the best burgers in town. Although the beef used tastes fresh there was not a ton of flavor in the meat. After you get your burger you can go to the topping bar and load it up the way you want. I love mine with lettuce, tomatoes and pickles so I loaded mine up! Then shuffle over tithe sauce bar to put on flavored mustards and catsup's. Once mine was loaded up it was excellent. The pop machine had over 30 flavors in it so you were sure to get what you wanted to drink. The steak my daughter got was cooked to perfection and had some good flavor. All in all I would go back again.
Fries!!!!!! Today's review are for the fries. I so rarely eat them and can be incredibly fussy, hense why I rarely indulge. TDG gets it spot on and would be the only place I would go if I could only pick one.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. I still hold fast to my opinion that this joint has the BEST burgers in the area, and I have had some burgers in my lifetime. You pick what patty size you want (5oz., 7oz.) and your cheese, and can then choose to either dress it yourself after it comes out or pick one of their specialty burgers. I have tried 2 of their specialty burgers: The Works, and The Aztec. Both were exceptional. They do have a small selection of beer by the bottle to choose from (Corona and the like).  They do have vegetarian options and salads, however I cannot speak for those as I always make a beeline for the burgers. The only possible speedbump is the seating. They have a decent sized place, but if it got crowded you might have to wait for a table. I wouldn't recommend doing takeout as the burgers might get soggy. I love this joint and will continue to visit.
After reading the reviews we were excited to try this place.  Well, it was very over-rated and closer to 2 1/2 stars than 3 (being generous). Staff was not so friendly upon arrival.  Burger was ok, but rather tasteless.  Bunn was ok. 5-guys is much much better than this place and less expensive.
Meanwhile... yesterday evening I ordered the 8oz sirloin rare with two salads as my sides. Steak came medium rare and so tough that even after many minutes of chewing through the strings, I could not get it broken down enough to swallow. Now it's a sirloin, and I don't expect it to be like butter, but this was really stringy. I got another steak and this time it was rare, but equally tough. I'm talking unchewable.  Though I had to listen to a lot of explanation  of why this steak is fine and clearly there's something wrong with me, they did refund my money fairly gracefully. I'll just get one of their burgers next time.
Daily Grind has two personalities based on our two recent visits.  At lunch, it's busy, the food is amazing and the service adequate.  The restaurant is clean and inviting.  In fact, at our first visit the burgers were just about the best we've had-- cooked to perfection, loaded with toppings and the most amazing buns!!! For dinner, however, the service was so bad we may not return.  One of the lunch cooks we had seen was working but everyone else different.  There was a little fellow taking orders who should've been pushing a broom perhaps because he was absolutely unpleasant.  He was uninterested in our order-- when the food was delivered it was evident he wasn't listening at all (receipt is hard to understand but it looks like we were charged an extra $10).  I'm guessing he's related to an owner as no non-chain establishment that desired to remain in business would have him at the cash register.  When finally served, the burgers were  cold, and one "medium" burger was basically served raw.  All of the employees were communicating with each other but not one could be bothered to help the customers.  The restaurant was coated in a thick layer of grease from the day but no one could be bothered to clean.   If we return it will be for lunch only...
Super burgers thick juicy and cooked how you like it!! Fries are also really really good!! one of the best if not the best burger places in town..
We just had another one of those Daily Grind Burgers and OMG...... Awesome I won't repeat what I previously wrote but when I move from Daytona I am sure going to miss these gourmet burgers - they are da best. New menu item was sold out - Loaded Baked Potato.   Fries are frozen deep fried so these suck really.  However, the Burgers are phenominal
The place: After you pay they tell you your order number.  I forgot mine about 3 second later.  Luckily it's printed at the very bottom of the receipt.  Go fill up your cup from the Coke FreeStyle machine.  The burgers are cooked to order so you might have to wait a bit.  Try not to drink a meal's worth of calories while you wait. While you are there grab a handful of napkins.  If I remember there are 2 napkin dispensers at the back of the place.  I'm guessing they are trying to be green, but there are not napkins at every table.  I grabbed 4 for myself.  This was not enough.  There's a TV in the front of the restaurant but it's muted.  Even if the volume was on you wouldn't be able to hear it.  The music playing was a little loud for me.  I will say they had a surprising mix of music from the last 30 or 40 years that I enjoyed.  They have an "art house" area with what I'm assuming is art from a local artist.  After 10 to 15 minutes I heard my number called over the PA system.  Pick up your burger from the counter and load up on the topping and condiments.  The condiment section is not handicap accessible, hell... it's not short girl accessible.  I tried pumping the mayo directly onto my bun but I had to get on my tippy toes to get the angle to push down on the plunger.  Using the little cups is easier... or bring a tall friend.       The food: The toppings bar had the ripest tomatoes I have ever seen.  The condiments bar had hickory ketchup and garlic ketchup that were both really tasty.  Thinking back I don't remember seeing ranch dressing which seems like a no brainer. I ordered the veggie burger after reading a few good reviews.  It seems like every time I find an awesome veggie burger joint they close.  I was a little disappointed to see a buttered bun.  First I don't think it adds to the flavor of the burger.  Secondly I don't remember seeing on the menu that it would be served on a buttered bun.  While I'm not vegan, I did order a veggie burger with no cheese.  I appreciate when people are sensitive to dietary restrictions, I also understand that I'm at a burger joint, not a vegan joint.  Next time I will ask them to not butter it.  The veggie patty was a bit softer than I would have liked but had a nice peppery bite.  The fries were crispy and salty and still tasty once they were cold.  I don't eat fries every day, but these are the type of fries I want when I do eat fries.  I should have refilled my cup with water because the salt on those fries made me thirsty the rest of the day.  Worth it.           My total was $9.03, I paid with a credit card and didn't have to sign.  Not signing means no line for an obligatory tip.  I tip actual service people well, but tip lines on credit card receipts bug me at a restaurant where I have to do all the service work.
Amazing burger! First off, these are made like an actual hamburgers not those razor thin patties you see other places, and it tastes incredible! Sweet potato fries were great too. Cashier wasn't exactly cheerful by any measure but the food was incredible.
Pretty decent location just a few miles West on Dunlawton Ave from Daytona Beach Shores.  I saw a few reviews saying this place was better than Five Guys so I figured it was worth checking out.  Let me say that I really disagree, although it was very good (4 stars) to me it was not better than Five Guys.   I had the 7oz Smokehouse and it was delicious.  Hickory BBQ sauce, bacon, cheddar cheese, and fried onion petals.  The fries could have been better but they were ok.   One plus is they have one of the new Coke freestyle fountains so you can get like 100+ drink choices. It was definitely worth a try!
I was in florida recently visiting my mother-in-law.  We stopped by the daily grind after visiting the ponce de leon inlet lighthouse.  Since I had reached my red meat quota for the week, I opted for the turkey burger.  I was not disappointed.   Although the menu states that the turkey burger is lean, I find that hard to believe - too juicy and moist. The burgers are handmade and worth the wait.  You can choose all of your own toppings and condiments.  Fries were pretty tasty too!
Just as good as the other reviewers said. It's set up very much like a Five Guys sans peanuts. The burgers were great and cooked correctly! The only gripe is the bottom bun was soaked on all of our burgers, so it made for mushy burgers. The fries were the best I've ever had, so definitely don't skimp on the fries! The fixings bar was great, a lot of variety and everything looked fresh. Can't wait to come back!
Got the works... great burger... best I have had in Florida.
If I still lived here, I would be making the daily grind for these tasty burgers.  This was my first experience, and I have to say this is one of the best burger joints I have enjoyed in my life.  The beef is top choice and the the toppings bar is fresh and loaded.  I wasn't looking to have a big meal, so I ordered a 5oz burger and it was plenty. Funny thing, as we left, a women pulled up asking to find a good burger joint in the parking lot.  Needlessly to say, we pointed her in the right direction :)
Very good, well above average burgers and food. Fresh ingredients. Fries were good. The only disappointment was that my husband's burger and my steak sandwich were both over cooked.  When you want medium rare, getting medium well is disappointing and takes away some of the flavor of the food.
I like 5 guys more after my first visit here.  Going to give it another try at daily grind, but I expected a cheeseburger in paradise after the reviews.  French fries very average, will try sweet potato fries next time.
Delicious! we had 5 different burgers, 3-cheese potato casserole, sweet potato fries with an amazing cream cheese mapley dipping sauce, onion rings, and a giant plate of chili cheese fries. IT WAS FREAKING DELICIOUS!!! So, why only 4 stars, you ask? The restroom needs some serious attention and the cashier guy was very pleasant after he finished texting and decided to take our order. Also, the place has an open kitchen design and the areas easily seen from the customer's side of the counter were not clean. I still highly recommend this place and hope they are successful so that I may eat here again on vacation next year!
Daily Grind Burgers in Port Orange knows what it takes to make great burgers. Fresh chuck is ground in-house and the resulting juicy burgers are served on quality toasted buns.  Fancy french fry accoutrements such as sea salt and naturally flavored garlic and hickory ketchups are nice touches; and while we're not big fans of buffet style, Daily Grind offers a good assortment of vegetables on their toppings bar.  "The Works" burger with sautéed mushrooms, grilled onions, crispy bacon and provolone was reminiscent of a backyard BBQ. While it can be risky to order a vegetarian item in a meat based establishment we decided to give the Black Bean Burger a try. The large patty was creamy, slightly spicy and like the beef burger, made in-house.  It was impressive to see that real thought was put into a vegetarian option.  The effort pays off with a burger that's undoubtedly flavorful enough to draw a vegetarian to a burger joint. If you feel the atmosphere at Daily Grind is a little too casual for their gourmet burgers you'll be welcomed next door at Peter's Wine Shop where you may partake in a nice wine pairing.  (no kidding) The Works Burger $5.99   w/fries and a drink $9.48 Black Bean Burger $4.99
As a burger lover, this place easily makes my top 5 best burger joints in Volusia County.
Great black bean burger, excellent fries, and good service.
Not a fan.  Tried it twice (2nd time to give it a shot) and it wasn't anything special.  I make better burgers (that don't fall apart) at home.  If I am going to pay this much for a burger I would rather go down the road to Five Guys or to the grocer and have my b/f's awesome burgers!
Great!  I tried the black bean burger and I fell in love with it!  The place was very busy during the lunch rush.  In fact, there was a bit of a wait for a table.  I like the fresh toppings and options that are available.  Staff was not friendly, but the food was fine!
This place is really great, fresh ground beef burgers on baked in house buns, when you say medium, they listen, you get a wonderfully cooked medium burger. There are lots of combination's to choose from and an awesome fixings bar, with just about everything you can think about to put on your burger and fries, order at the counter and they call your number, service was fast, you can also eat at outside tables. Will return
Awesome awesome awesome! Best burger I've had in a long time! Great philly sandwich too! Great prices and service....Will definitely return!
Definitely would love to give The Daily Grind more stars. My girlfriend is a vegetarian so it's hard to find places to eat. According to her it's the best Burger ever. I got the freshly ground beef burger cooked to a perfect medium rare. I love the fact that they have all the toppings to the side for you to create the perfect burger. My favorite has to be their fries. I think they have some of the best fries around.
Really good burgers!!! The Black & Blue is fantastic if you like bleu cheese!! The onion rings are good. The fixings bar has really fresh toppings. Service is pretty fast, no sooner had we ordered and sat down to take a sip of beer and they were calling our order. The burgers were really tasty, juicy and going down fast!!! The prices aren't bad at all ... 2 burgers, 2 beers and an order of rings was a little over $20. Our tummy's were stuffed!!! We'll be heading back soon!!
I love this place! The fries are fresh cut and the burgers are cooked perfectly every time. The place is spotless and you can watch them cook it for you. I highly recommend this place. I even like it better than five guys burgers.
Great food... mmmmm, I'm craving going for a burger just thinking about this place! I knocked off one star because it's really small so seating can be an issue.
I like the concept of this restaurant, very uniqu and different than anything we have back in my hometown (detroit.)  The burgers are excellent and the staff are friendly and welcoming. Lots of options at the toppings bar, and the menu is full of different things to try. Will visit again when I am back in the area.
This is a great place, and great people. I believe it is owned or affiliated with a local meat supplier. They put a lot of care into their food and it shows. the burgers are top rate, the best around, ground fresh. no "cloud burgers" here. They have also recently added steaks to the menu, and they are as good as any high end steak joint around. This place is an absolute must try!
I had a bunless burger, served as a salad. Topping bar has lots of nice options- lettuce, tomatoes, onions, relish, jalapeños, black olives, pickles, banana peppers.. And they also have a lot of different sauces, a few interesting ketchups and mustards. I asked for my burger medium, and it was medium and very good. I hear the fries were excellent, though I did not sample them myself :)
Outstanding!!!! Nothing better than fresh ground beef which is ground on site!!! HIGHLY recommend the sweet potato fries !!! They come with a dip that tastes like a combination buttercream, cream cheese with small bits of pineapple!!! Not a disappointment atall!!!
Love DG. It's the best casual burger joint around. Getting the burger of your choice over salad is amazing.
The first time I went here, I had the smokehouse BBQ burger and I was thoroughly pleased. The last time I went here, I had a regular burger and wasn't very impressed. Not sure if it was an off day for them or what, but that BBQ burger was so good, I feel like it must have been. The service here is great, the fries are delicious, and they have a ton of options for different sodas which I love. I'll definitely be back, I just hope it's better the next time.
I had the CrossFit Special, which is the healthiest, tastiest thing you can get... It's not on the menu, but they'll know exactly what you mean.  Get the sweet potato fries and sweet pineapple dipping sauce.  It's like a dessert; you won't regret it!
Best Burger in the state! Seriously, the beef is fresh from a local butcher and you can taste the difference! Onion rings are well kept secret.
yes yes yes and yes; they need better napkins but YES!
My family loves this place. I always get their grilled chicken salad, the kids get the burgers, and my husband often eats their steak. I like how you can put the condiments and extra veggies on yourself. They have good quality meat & chicken. Their black bean burger is very tasty as well.
