Shannon and her staff held a fundraising event for our family to raise money for the leukemia & lymphoma society. The staff was amazing, the food they put out was so good we ordered more and stayed for dinner. This is a quality restaurant that also cares about their community. Please stop by and have dinner or just drinks at the bar to support a local business that cares about people first and profits second
Beware, Thursday through Friday is college bar night. Overcrowded and deafening loud music. I've never been on a weekday nor have I eaten Tavern food, so i'm judging this establishment solely on it's prime time night life. Negatives: If you think you're going to the bathroom or sitting in an actual seat your sadly mistaken. A few positives, they have cheap drinks and surprisingly responsive bartenders. WT's is A-OK.
I love WT's. It's two blocks from my house and I almost always come here at least once a week. I love buffalo wings, and their's are no exception. The Irish Nachos are to die for. Sometimes I brave it and get a whole plate just for myself. The specials are great. Wednesdays are half price apps and wings. The crowd is strange. Sometimes it's full of loud, obnoxious bros and sometimes it's completely dead. Either way, the service is always great. The bar and wait staff have always been super friendly!
I feel the need to jump in here since most reviews are based on drunken college nights out. Yep, it's that kind of place late at night. But don't pass this over as a great lunch/ happy hour spot if you're beyond your binge drinking glory days. During the day and early evening the place has a totally different clientele. It's usually filled with working people on their lunch break or relaxing after getting out of work. The average Joe, a few locally know business leaders and politicians and the occasional well behaved college student. They have TV's everywhere, darts to be played, an amazing juke box and outdoor seating weather permitting. Eat right at the bar or sit at a table and get waited on. It's very clean and they have a nice back room. The food is really good. There's a bit of everything on there from classic pub fare to a handful of entrees. The owner is Irish so it's reflective in some of the choices. Overall great mom and pop type food. And yes, their wings are great as are the burgers and pizza and Reuben's and home made soups and Shepard's pie, really great salads...the list goes on! I've never had anything bad there. Their tap selection is great as well as their whisky and scotch stock. So, this is more then just a college bar. Check it out!
As far as bar food goes in Albany, The Washington Tavern is as good as it gets. At most bars theres a limit to what I'll eat from the menu (stick to burgers, wings and whatever the 18 year old in the kitchen has the least chance of screwing up) but here the menu is legitimate and the food when served is as good as any casual dining in the area. Their Shrimp and Pasta dishes are great. I have heard that they share their staff with the Gingerman (same ownership) so that may explain why their food exceeds the expectations of a bar.
I gave this place 5 stars because it has been like a second home to me since I turned 21 in Albany.  I don't visit as often as I used to when I was still attending UAlbany, but I still enjoy going.   WT's is your quintessential Irish pub by day, and "college" bar by night.  Lets start with daytime WT's.  During the day, it's usually pretty empty which is nice if you're just looking to grab some food.  In the summer, sitting out on the front patio is pretty nice.  The food is actually very very good for pub food.  Their sweet potato fries are amazing, and the burgers and wings are pretty good as well. At night, especially Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays during the college school year, it gets packed full of college kids looking to get hammered and have a good time.  The bartenders are cool (especially Mr. Harris who seems like he never leaves that place) but tend to pour the mixed drinks on the weak side.  There's a few dart boards which are usually being used (put your quarters up) and a jukebox that contsantly has people pumping money into it (Tip: If you're trying to play a song, spring for the extra $.50 or $1 and "Play It Now".  Otherwise your song will probably be played sometime around sunrise the following morning).  Happy Hour is Friday 5-9 with some cheap beer specials The one problem I have though is despite all the renovations this place has gone through the past few years, they still have the same crappy tube TV's.  This WOULD be a great place to watch the game, but the TV situation is really really poor. Other than that, I'm a big fan of T's.
I'll admit it.  I graduated from Suny Albany in 1994 and never looked back at the slum city of Smallbany....until I recently found myself road-tripping to see my new favorite band.  A mid-afternoon pregame stop at WT's and a walk around the old "hood (and it really is the student ghetto) was de rigeur.   Ahhh, WT's, you still smell the same, your wings are delicious, your beer is cold and your tavern fries are heaven.  Add gravy and their fake melty cheese for poor man's poutine. Yes, folks Sean and Mr. Harris worked there when I was in undergrad.    And I like the fancy new facade.  I thought for a very brief moment that I was walking into a classy place but it's the same old pub I knew and loved and kept in business.
As far as 'college bars' go, I'd give WT's 5 of 5 stars. The bouncers are efficient, and it's uncanny how every time we go there, my partner seems to know one of them from back in some other time. It's a predominantly younger crowd at WT's, but there are still usually a few handfuls of people over 35. Their larger selection of beers (especially on tap) probably has something to do with this. It's also tamer than other college bars. Some people go crazy to watch their sport on TV. That's about it. The bartenders are very professional. The waitresses are almost always really professional, but I've had a couple of them forget to put my order in sometimes (oddly enough, when it's been slow. When it's busy, the waitresses are on POINT!). I really enjoy the Friday night specials - cheap wings! They've got some fantabulous wings, and the sauces are deeeelish! These are meaty wings, not those pathetically small ones you order from the pizza place, and then wonder what you paid $8 for 10 measly wings for. Don't forget to tell your friends or relatives who are turning 21 to hit them up for a free bottle of champagne too. You get a bottle of the finest J. Roget.
Not bad. Wings are pretty good. potato skins are okay - wouldn't get them again. It's a college bar, but bearable. The layout is two tiers and a backyard. Music is surprisingly tolerable considering the clientele .  hey, maybe it was a good night. Kitchen closes at 12:30. staff is nice. I will not be returning, not because I'm mad but just because I'm really not into it too much. I'll do other stuff instead.
I met a friend for a post-work drink here last night, marking my first time here. I tend to avoid most of the bars near St. Rose and the downtown SUNY Albany campus mainly because they're usually not my scene. I'm out of college and don't usually want to hang in overtly college-seeming bars. I know it;s a little snobby of me. Still, WT's was nicer inside than I expected. It was karaoke night, but luckily there's a spacious area in the back where you can sit and actually have an audible conversation. I suspect I'd like this place a lot better earlier in the evening or afternoon than late at night. I wasn't hungry, but the menu looked a little better than the fare at most pubs. If I ever come back, I'll give the food a shot. The major thing that impressed me about this place - and the main reason I'd come back - is that they have gluten-free beer in stock.  I was able to finally go out to a bar and have a "beer" (aka a bottle of Anheuser-Busch's RedBridge, which is made with sorghum.) Not that wine, liquor and hard cider aren't good, but ... it's the principle of the matter.
I see why people love the wings at WT - they are huge and meaty.  But for me, it was like and not love. Perhaps if I were younger, I would be more into this place.  Especially given their very reasonable specials.  Instead, I came with the whole family, including the infant little miss Daniel B. and young master Daniel B.  Plus two friends from the West Coast who swear they cannot get decent wings in Northern California.   My friends were very happy.  These wings more than scratched their itch.    We got 10 hot and 10 medium, both crispy.  The mediums had no heat, they may just have well been called mild.  I found them to be a touch sweet.  The hot was piquant, but did not require any quenching.   My California friends were nonplussed by the viscosity of the hot's sauce, finding it a bit gravy-like.  Noting their preference, I decided not to take them to Elbo Room, and instead try a visit to Graney's later in the visit. Ultimately, it's good stuff.  It's a college bar, so if it's not your scene, feel free to skip it, and know that you are not missing out on wing Nirvana.  That said, it's pretty easy to go in off times and avoid the students.  Just don't make the same mistake I made, the Washington Tavern is on Western Ave.  Not Washington Ave.  Go fig.
Sigh. What do you do when you're inconceivably bored at work and have to pretend to look like you're furiously typing something up? Why, you just dally on over to the land of nostalgia and write up a yelp review for your favorite college bar that you haven't visited for, oh, close to a year now. Well, despite the delay and inherent associated deficiencies with it, I've enough experience with the place to at least rationalize some sort of relevance. Perhaps not, but humor me and my trip down memory lane will ya? WT's was, as far as I'm concerned, quintessentially SUNY. I always felt that turning 21 merited an inaugural visit here for a free bottle of champagne and just a general celebration of not having to suffer through Chubbies, The Post, or whatever it is nowadays that accept Subway Club Cards as valid IDs. The aspect I laud about Washington Tavern is the clientele it attracts/attracted. As I said, mostly SUNY kids, but the elitist in me wants to say SUNY to a higher caliber. The dudes who lived on over crowded, under aged, peeing at the bar mentality, even after turning 21, still aren't likely come to WT's. Hell, I've had friends like that who didn't like the place because "it was too well-lighted", i.e, "I can see the cellulite on that skank biddy that I would normally hit on at Chubbies." Those types would be more apt to move on to the clubs on Pearl, or continue their primitive adventures at underaged bars. To be perfectly honest, even compared to the great dive bars in NYC, I still wouldn't mind hanging out at WTs. Great prices, plenty of space, outdoor seating, and probably some of the best wings I've ever had, I don't think I can be faulted for being so stricken by nostalgia. Sure, I'll concede it's not going to be as hip as a place like Bombers or something downtown. The jukebox is still going to be predominantly stuck on Journey and Billy Joel and putting a Pixies song on will be met with jeers, but when you're having a good enough time with pals at Washington Tavern, then you'll find that you somehow know all the words to "Don't Stop Beleiving" too.
Typical college bar with all the divey aspects you want: jukebox, punching machine, a handful of tvs and decent drink specials.  If you go during the week before the rush you get to actual know the bartenders which is nice but they never buy you a drink.  There isn't much competition for UA or St.Rose students so I guess they feel they don't need to buy you a drink but if I come to the bar twice a week for over a year I'd like you to buy me a beer every once and a while. The food isn't bad but I wouldn't bring a date here, it's more of a get wings and beer place and watch the game.
Over pricedç
Good wings, not the best I have ever had, but still good. Nice selection of beers, good prices, and an overall enjoyable environment. I really can't think of anything bad to say. They have great weeknight specials, definitely worth paying a visit.
Stopped into Washington Tavern for a quick bite.   Burgers were good and the tavern offers a lot of options for toppings and seasonings including pancetta and capicolla which seemed odd for a place going with the Irish theme.   Fries were cooked to perfection and the wait staff was friendly and attentive.  The place was oddly decorated and the tables were kind of plain but there was some nice outdoor seating for nice days.   Prices were good and they have several beers on tap.  From what I hear this gets crowded at night with the local college kids.   Street parking in front.
I went to SUNY Albany for undergrad and then grad school and I became a frequent visitor to WT's.  My fellow grad friends (we were teachers in training)  would hit up the bar as soon as our school days ended for happy hour.  It was a great time for us to vent and catch up.  WT's always made room for our large group(ranged from 10-15 people).   Great happy hour from what I remember.  We used to get pizzas(AWESOME), wings, and pitchers to split.   I now live in DC and I  miss having a low key neighborhood bar like WT's.
The wings are still great, but not quite as good as I remember.  It also didn't seem like much of a college bar anymore - which may or may not be a good thing. Great pub atmosphere.  Good food.  Good beer.
Another college bar, right smack in the middle of the downtown albany alumni quad, along with st rose, and the 'college ghetto'... so be warned! With that being said, WT's has some awesome wings and cheap prices. I went with a friend on a wed night or whenever the special was and we had four beers and a dozen wings for under 15$!!  You CANNOT beat that! Plus they were really good too, not just some slop stuff you would expect from a bar.  Each night has a diff special going on usually. Tuesday nights get crazy here along with the weekends that are packed with the college-goers.  They have cheap prices and even though they have two rooms, plus the outside 'patio' area, it gets packed in here fairly quickly. If you live nearby its a cool spot to stop into, and some nights you can literally drink to obliteration for under 20$.  Mixed crowd of chill ppl and the trendier, cough slut, crowd and fratty boys.  Not all that bad though.  Birthday peeps get free champagne with proof on ID !
Best wings I have had...Ever.  Period. Better than Anchor Bar in Buffalo, better than any chain restaurant, better than any bar. I recommend ordering them extra crispy and hot.  Goes well with the Irish nachos My only complaint is that the Tuesday wing night is no longer (although 50 cent wings aren't a bad deal)
"The Conversation" by Josh K. College Me: I ****ing love WTs! (Washington Tavern) Tuesday Pint night=$1.00 for domestic drafts, and Friday's happy hour is $2.00. As soon as classes let out, you can find me at the Tavern downing Miller Light! You best stop by. Current Me: I get out of work late and have to be in early on Wednesday.  If I start going back to WTs for Pint Night, there is no way I am going to make it to work. College Me: That sucks.  Well I will be back again on Friday night to pregame before going down to Pearl Street!  We will get a few pitchers of Labatt Blue and order some awesome hot wings! Current Me:  I usually go to Lionheart now as they have a killer draft selection but no food.  I remember the Wings being really good at WTs. College Me: Lionheart before 9 is geriatric pub. Come to the tavern. Current Me: Ok, I'll be there as soon as I get out of work. --------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------- (Friday Night, 7 PM) College Me: (already visibly buzzed) Dude you made it! Current Me: Yeah, I got let out late at the school finishing interim reports.  Then I had to call parents.  Then I couldn't find parking anywhere on Western.  Then some drunken college douche started yelling at me in a drunken stupor, meanwhile his friend came walking out of Professor Barleys and puking on the street corner.  It's only 7 for Christ Sake; I don't remember it being THAT crazy. College Me: Welcome to SUNY Albany!  Well here, kick the pitcher! (Pours what's left of the warm beer in the pitcher into glass) Current Me: Gross! What is this? College Me: (confused) Bud Light... Current Me: Eh, I got next pitcher. (Goes up to bar to find the same, awesome mustached bartender who was serving me 10 years ago) (Seeing a respectable tap selection that includes Lake Placid) Current Me:  Are all the domestics part of the Happy Hour? Bartender: Just the regulars, the craft beers like UBU and imports like Guinness are more. Current Me: What about the Saranac Pomegranate Wheat? Bartender: That's part of the special. Current Me: Fill this pitcher up! (Goes back to sit down, and fills up College Me's glass) College Me: Gross! What is this? Current Me: Saranac, you don't like? College Me: It's like heavy and a little fruity and weird. I can't get drunk on this.  F*** it, I will try (drinks again) Time for some grub! (Gets waitress's attention) College Me: Hot Buffalo Wings for me! And a pint of Bud light. Current Me: I remember the pizzas were good here. I will get the Buffalo Chicken Pizza. (Wings arrive sans beer.  I try a wing.  The Buffalo wings are smaller, chewier, and the hot sauce seems different than what I remember.  They are spicier, almost too spicy but less flavorful.  Where is the Franks?) College Me: (Face full of sauce) I love these Wings and I need another beer. (Pizza arrives much later.  Waitress forgets Beer. Something looks odd.  The color of the sauce is dark red, not orange.  I taste the sauce with my finger.  It's not Buffalo sauce, it's Barbeque sauce. I get the waitress) Current Me: I don't think this is the Buffalo Chicken Pizza... Waitress: Yes it is. Current Me: No this is barbeque sauce not Buffalo sauce. Waitress: That's how it is made but I will bring this back to the kitchen. (Waitress comes back 1 minute later) Waitress: Here you go, they fixed it (Waitress hands back same BBQ pizza but with Franks Red Hot drizzled over it. She still hasn't brought over the beer) Current Me: This may be the worst pizza ever.  The food used to be good here. College Me: The food is amazing and our waitress is hot.  (Gets Waitress's attention) (Waitress comes back with beer) Waitress: This one is on the house (Winks at College Me) Current Me: I don't remember that happening to me... College Me: We are more confident and self-assured these days. The chicks dig it. (The Time is 9pm now.  Many college people more dressed up for the night out start filling in and Washington Tavern starts to get very loud and crowded) College Me: All the hotties are arriving.  It's going to get crazy tonight. Time to put some Soulja Boy on in the juke box. Current Me: What? I can't hear you. The music is too loud. College Me: Dude, let's get some shots of tequila or jaeger! Current Me: Actually, I am kind of tired, and the pizza isn't sitting well. I think I am going to head back and watch the Yanks game. College Me: They have the game on here on every wall and corner!  The band is about to play too.  Soon the hot Southern Comfort sponsor girls are coming to give out free T-shirts, SoCo and lime shots, trivia and other stuff... Current Me: Nah, I think I am gonna take off. I'm pretty tired. College Me: Lame Brah...
When I was invited here by friends to join them for happy hour and some chicken wings, I was surprised.  WT's has this reputation of being a college bar, and well, we've all been out of college for several years now.  However, I was also surprised by the older crowd that I encountered at the tavern.  The service was prompt, as we didn't need to wait long if we needed a refill on our drinks.  There are also a few different types of flavors of chicken wings one can try.  While they aren't the best wings I've had, the wings are decent for Albany.  I'll want to come back sometime to try what over pub food that they have on their menu.
I love this place.  I went to UAlbany years ago, and graduated 5 years ago, and this was always my favorite place to go.  More of an upperclassmen crowd, it did get crowded, I mean, come on, it was a college bar.  Nice fresh taps, and the kicker, pretty good bar food.  I always crave their irish nachos, it's not the generic fries with cheese melted on top with scallion, this is classy irish nachos.
A great collage  bar for the over 21 crowd. They actually have the second best hot wings in Albany after Bombers. The drinks are a very fair price for the area and their specials are good. A good atmosphere and just a great place to hang out with your friends.
Wt's has been an Albany landmark for more than 30 years.  It's about as dynamic/versatile as a bar can be. By day (and evening) it's a great spot to grab food and drinks in a clean, in laid back atmosphere.  By night the place is THE SPOT to party in midtown Albany. The food: Plan and simple the food is amazing. The wings are the the most popular, and rightfully so. They are quality, meaty wings that come in about a half dozen flavors, and come with a side of house made bleu cheese dressing (equally delicious).  The surprising thing is the depth the menu offers. Apps, hot and cold sandwiches, soups, salads, entrees, pizzas, desserts. I've never had a meal I was disappointed with (and I've had a lot). They have daily soup, entree, and sandwich specials ($5 meal specials that change daily too for the budget minded). The drink: Yes, it's primarily a college spot. Ton's of variety as there's at least 20 beers on draft, another dozen or so by the bottle, and a FULL bar. As others have mentioned there are nightly specials that are almost too good to believe. It's crowded most nights, but Tuesday and Thursdays are typically busiest. Tuesday is "pint night" where they have a bunch of their beers on special for $1 or $1.75 a pint. Thursday is their signature "bucket night" where you get a bucket of 5 beers for $8.50. Some would say their full price beers and liquors are a bit on the expensive side (not ludicrously so), but it's worth mentioning that they pour 20 oz pints (most places are 14 or 16) and, in my experiences, their shots and drinks are poured generously. It's also nice that they have a second, smaller bar in the back room that opens when its really busy so that helps cut down on wait time when there are 150 people packed in the place. Definitely worth a visit next time you're in the neighborhood!
Went on a Sat night a few weeks ago and the place was dead. That didn't really deter me bc I had heard good things about it. Now in WT's defense I wasn't hungry so I only ordered an appetizer. I will be going back to try a few more dishes. The app we got was the platter that you could pick 3 items. We did Irish Nachos, Pizza Rolls and Spinach/Artichoke Dip. We did not care for the Irish Nachos. They tasted really greasy and a little too much. The pizza rolls were fantastic. They were in an egg roll type wrapper. Delish. The dip was also good. It wasn't amazing but it was tasty. A few other people I were with got the chicken sandwich and the taco salad. Both of those looked fantastic and they said they were great. The portions were very decent and the price tag is not bad at all.
I'm going to come out straight. I have a big old crush. I am in love with the Lake Placid Ubu Ale. It's dark, but not too dark, just a little sultry and leaves a bit of a tingle on the back of your tongue. I ventured to the Washington Tavern for a happy hour and it being my first Friday night in Albany, I was thrilled to see my beloved! AND for only 4 bucks!* Happy hours with craft beers make Mindy a happy person. As far as all of their other selections, their domestics were only $2.50 or so. Their bartenders were pleasant, even as the crowd grew bigger and rowdier. Their front garden was small, but cute. The only downside - so much farther up Western Ave than I wish it were! *Of course, I am from the City. And of course, craft ales, even from upstate are going to be expensive in the city. But that knowledge didn't deter my absolute joy at seeing Ubu and paying less than half what I'd pay at a bar in the big NYC. 3.5 solid stars. haven't been on a real weekend, so this is a cautiously favorable early review.
At first I was skeptical as to the food quality because of the crowd it attracts.  However I should never judge a book by its cover because I was so pleased with what I ordered.  First off their beer selection was very good so that is always a plus.  What was even more satisfying were the wings.  They certainly lived up to there hype along with the delicious blue cheese.  I am pretty sure the blue cheese is made in house.  Overall I will definitely be coming here again and recommend this place to anyone in the area.
A good place for drink specials and pup trivia.  Great bartenders.  This is a really decent place in the summer, but during the school year it's packed with college kids - bluh.  The wings are outta sight and the pizzas are pretty good too.
this was my happy hour spot in 1998, was very curious to see if, like sovrana's, it withstood the test of time. it absolutely did! good beer selection, great daily specials, and the wings are still bangin! excellent bar during the college off season. im sure it gets jam packed when the kiddies are in town, but i was 1 of those kiddies years ago, so i really cant complain. a great bar for sure. definitely give it a shot people.
To be fair, the food wasn't awful. My friend and I went here earlier today and ordered burgers. He got the Buffalo burger and I had the Lamb burger. The order took a while to come out, but not unreasonably long. The results weren't great though. We both asked for medium rare. His came out that way, mine was very well done. He was also served a plain burger with no cheese or buffalo sauce. My burger arrived without cheese, lettuce, and tomato. The waitress took his burger back and dumped some odd looking cheese and buffalo sauce on it. I didn't realize my burger was supposed to come with the stuff it was missing until I looked at the menu again later on so I didn't ask for it to be fixed. My friend ordered a Guinness and was charged 6.75 for it which seemed a bit high as well, but I have less of a complaint about that as I'm not about to question what a place wants to charge for items. The waitress was pretty good all in all, but maybe should have paid closer attention to what she was bringing out. Kitchen staff is pretty awful
THE place to go on St. Patrick's Day in Albany. Despite living in Boston the last three years, I was never able to tear myself away for the parade OR the late night celebrating. This St. Paddy's Day I was in Albany and I was free so I called up a buddy and headed here. Live Irish music all night long, and we got there early enough (9:30ish) that the line hadn't formed yet out side. Full of UAlbany kids, who were loud and energetic, but very pleasant and friendly. Everybody seemed to be having a good time. A group of six UAlbany students let us sit at the end of their table, and my friend and I both enjoyed the company. I started the night with a whiskey sour, which wasn't nearly as weak (or as expensive) as I'd become accustomed to. My friend celebrated the date with a couple pints of Guinness. We each ordered a cheeseburger, which are expensive (~$8) but big (~1/2 pound) with great fries and toppings. Someone dressed up in a giant Guinness pint costume was wandering around hanging out TVs, bottle opener keychains and pens. By the time we left, there was a line almost to Quail St. Parking was a bitch, but what a great night. A fun unpretentious young crowd, and better than average bar food.
