Stopped by on first night in Daytona Beach. The place is located on a pier, which made it very interesting. Skateboarders, fisherman walk right through place on way to edge of pier. Service was good, food was very hot, overall a pretty good experience. First timer here in Daytona Beach. What's the deal is with all the styrofoam cups, plates with plastic utensils at several restaurants we've visited? Parking here could be a challenge in season I bet. We would visit Crabby Joes Deck and Grill again.
I've been coming here since the late 90's. It's on a pier over the ocean, which you can walk out further on and fish from (Sunglow). When the tide's in, you can look down between the floorboards and see the ocean. When the weather's clear you can look north and see up Daytona Beach, then look south and see New Smyrna Beach. There's always a breeze and you can always hear the ocean. Hard to beat! This isn't really the sort of place to drive to, park, eat, and go (unless you're on a motorcycle). Just walk here when you're staying on the beach. The food may not blow your mind, but it's been a great, casual, reliable beach spot for me. Visit on a weekend morning and do the custom omelette bar, it's good stuff! The guy's got skills and you can pick from a variety of meats, cheeses, and/or vegetables. On my most recent trip I went with Swiss, Olives, Onions, Green Bell Pepper, and Jalapenos and would definitely recommend it, though maybe without the jalapenos next time. Regrettably, the coffee is hit & miss; but, that's not what I'd come here for anyway. For the vegetarian crowd, they also have veggie burgers which are pretty standard and much improved by cheese. I don't know what binder they use, but it looks a little MorningStar-esque, so I would expect eggs/whites to be in them. The fried pickles appetizer sounds bizarre, but is delicious & quintessential Florida. Go for 'em. I've always had good service here; but, if they're busy you might have to proactively get the attention of a server. Recommended!
I'm giving this place a three, generously, due to excellent location.  I mean, hey, it's a dock in the ocean at Daytona Beach.  You could eat in a lot less scenic venues. The food was totally mediocre.  Average.  The cole slaw was awful, but the rest of the dinner was OK but not noteworthy.  Service was decent. If you want seafood, there are a lot better alternatives locally, and around the same price range.   I have a feeling that location carries this place..  When you're on the beach, you look over and see the pier and the restaurant.  So you go there by default.  It's easier than dragging your car out and heading somewhere else.  They probably do a lot of business on this convenience model.  But do yourself a favor and expend a calorie or two and try elsewhere.  I doubt if you took this restaurant off the beach, if it would be in business a year later minus the location.
The wait staff was nice and attentive.  The fish sandwich served with fries was lacking in seasoning.  The fish was small chopped up pieces and the bread in was soggy. Wish I had ordered anything else. Let hungry and disappointed.
The steamed shrimp (garlic flavor)  was perfectly steamed. The mussels ordered came in a bowl of garlic wine sauce. The BBQ burger was so delicious, that every bite caused a mess all over the face and hands. The only negative was that the fish sandwich was extremely small with no seasoning. The bread crumbs were soggy..
Went here for breakfast this morning & between the view & the food its great! I drive by this place ALL the time but never went in and I don't know what was stopping me before! The eggs Benedict was delicious!  Great spot!
The staff was really friendly.  I had the seafood combo plate - shrimp, mussels and crab legs.  Was craving seafood and this hit the spot.
When you are looking for a spot on the beach (or beach pier in this case) to relax and have a drink, Crabby Joe's Deck & Grill is the place to go. Crabby Joe's is located on a pier overlooking the ocean on Daytona Beach. You have a choice to just order ice cream and/or snacks at the counter, or you can find a seat in the restaurant, or out on the deck. My friends and I stopped by on Memorial Day and they were pretty busy. We were hoping to sit outside, but there were no tables open, so we opted to take a seat inside. We decided to start with a pitcher a beer while looking at their menu. Not much of a beer selection but there were some nice looking beach cocktails on the menu. Our server was very friendly, efficient, and fast. Both of my friends ordered wings and I went with their fish po' boy sandwich. My friends said their wings were good, but I was not happy with my selection. The fish didn't taste fresh at all and the roll was stale. Even though the food wasn't the best, the service, prices, and the view couldn't be beat! I will stop in next day I am in the area.
Great place to eat casual food at good prices after all it's is on the pier. Over all food was good service was ok nothing to brag about but nothing to complain about either.
Oh Crabby Joe's,  what happened to you? We have been eating here since the 90s. We haven't been there in 4 years.  When we got to Daytona the first thing we did was make a beeline to the Sunglow Pier for some Crabby Joe's seafood.  I ordered a shrimp dinner.  There were 7 little shrimp on my plate. It was piled high with french fries, the coleslaw was soupy with mayonnaise. We had beer that was warm. So we were not impressed with the dinner however, we got up the next morning and went back for breakfast, which in the past has always been great. Again the food was not up to standard. We always enjoy the view and talking to the people, so the atmosphere is still the same. We decided not to go back anymore. So sad.
Cute rustic atmosphere but service from wait list to dining is slow. Food was nothing to rave about. Average food. Crab cakes will be a major disappointment if you have ever had crab cakes in Maryland (or the frozen Phillips ones). Long island ice teas at the bar are good. Get two and you wont care about the crab cakes ;-) Parking, under the definition of Charlie Foxtrot in Wikipedia "parking at Crabby Joes" deserves a paragraph. They will actually tell you to park at the bank across the way and it is a crap shoot if your car gets towed!
My wife and I were celebrating our 3 year anniversary in Daytona. We have stayed in Daytona Beach/Ormond Beach area many times and always try to find a new place to eat each time. I looked up Crabby Joes on Yelp and was pleasantly surprised. We were told the wait time was 45 minutes. It they sat us in about 25 minutes, major brownie points. The server was very prompt and friendly. My wife ordered the rose petal shrimp and crab cake with crab Alfredo sauce. She said that she really liked her food and I was surprised to see the quality/uniqueness of this dish from a "beach bar". I ordered the panko breaded mahi-mahi with garlic mashed potatoes and slaw. First let me say this, fried mahi-mahi ALWAYS comes out tough and chicken like. This was flaky, moist, and flavorful! I was thoroughly surprised at how well cooked the fish was considering it was fried. But it was not just a normal batter dipped fried fish. The panko breading with lemon zest and seasoning made it so flavorful. We really enjoyed the food and the service was excellent. The atmosphere was very good as well. The restaurant sat over the ocean on a pier with great views of the water. There were fishermen walking through because the end of the pier is a fishing pier but they were not in the way or distracting one bit. The price of the food was on the level with typical seafood prices, so no complaints there but the menu is small which only lends to a few options. But, with a small menu comes very fresh, well cooked food, which is what we both received. I will definitely be returning to Crabby Joes Deck and Grill when we visit Daytona Beach again and I will recommend it to anyone and everyone I know who will be in the area.
Dined here for Breakfast once while on vacation.  I don't remember what I ordered but I remember having no complaints and thinking this was a cool place.  Do try.
I really wanted to give this place 5 stars for all of the right reasons, but I have to dock a star simply because of the HOSTESS! The hostess is the first impression and she definitely left one. I'm not sure what her problem was with my roomie and I, but it has to be noted. We noticed as we sat and waited to be seated at our table that she greeted everyone else with a smile and even flirted with a few guys, but when she greeted us she had a cold look. We even caught her staring at us when she was not busy. Dude, we were dress modestly and there was nothing odd about us. Enough about the hostess with a bad attitude! Great setting! The restaurant is set on a boardwalk above the ocean water! Our waitress was great! She was very friendly and attentive. My roomie and I order the same dish; the large fried shrimp dinner with key west veggies( carrots, squash, and red bell pepper) and garlic mashed potatoes. Yum!!! It was all excellent; we cleaned our plates! I also had a mango daiquiri; it's the best I've had to date. Excellent food and WAITRESSES!
Found this place on Yelp because I was looking for a place to go out to dinner with my friends on our last night on Daytona beach and I couldn't have been happier! We first arrived during sun set and walked across a very long dock to reach the actual restaurant. My friends seemed a little unsure about it because the outside of the place seemed a little dark and uninviting. When we got inside we were seated right away. Underneath our table you could hear and see the ocean beneath us which I found to be really cool. It was a very casual place that offers both casual and "nice" food. It was different to say the least. Out waitress was very pleasant and highly attentive. For drinks, we ordered piña coladas which were perfectly made. For appetizers we ordered fried pickles, lobster dip, and calamari. All were excellent, especially the lobster dip YUM For dinner I would up getting the crab cakes which came with 2 hush puppies, garlic mash potatoes and veggies. There was so much crab meat inside the crab cakes (not full of breading which most restaurants usually have). I had a smile on my face throughout the entire meal. I also noticed that they do serve pitchers of beer and burgers here. All and all we had a great experience and would recommend this place to others in a heartbeat! My only suggestion is for them to fix up the outside, and add more lights ! As we were leaving, it was really dark out and we had to walk down a very dark boardwalk. When we finally reached our car we turned around to look at the place and it honestly looked scary! My friends even said if we would have came later then we did they would not even consider going in there. My advice to those who do see this is to still go inside. Lol
Suggested by hotel clerk,  not too impressed with the food. Calamari greasy, fish tacos not great. Also beware of the birds, was attacked for a french fry. Server said"they are vicious and not afraid of humans". Eat at your own risk! !
This restaurant should be renamed "Crappy" Joe's. The see through decking on the pier makes for an interesting dining experience, but the food is extremely lacking. Very few menu items are locally caught. I'm confused how the "Famous" fish sandwich got it's name. We won't be back and would advise the same for you.
I wanted to experience the great reviews, but I sat in this place, which was in a beautiful location, for 30 minutes and nobody acknowledged me. So I left. Maybe I came at a bad time, but i'm not in the area often so I won't be coming back.
Crabby Joes is one of my first stops when visiting Daytona. I love the location, as you literally couldn't get any closer to the water without actually being in it, the service is top notch and everyone is extremely friendly and accommodating. I always get a piña colada and the fish dip. I've never actually had a full meal here, just a quick drink and appetizers, but everyone's plates are either over flowing with generous portions, or licked clean because it's so delicious. I also like that it's a local spot. Down US 1 is another restaurant on the pier but it's a chain you can find anywhere, so especially when it comes to seafood, pick the local spot, it's ALWAYS better!!
My husband and I found this place on our way to the lighthouse. We are Panama City beach regulars and when we saw it we both said it reminded us of pineapple willys. We came in after we visited the lighthouse and climbed up and down the 203 stairs (yes, that's a total of 406!) so we were starving! We sat on the pier and the view was.... AMAZING! It wasn't crowded at all so we got to sit where ever we wanted. We ordered the lunch shrimp and fish and they came with fries and cole slaw (you can choose different sides). The fish was lightly breaded and so was the shrimp so you can really taste the fresh flakey fish and the shrimp at their finest. We would recommend this place to EVERYONE! The people next to us had the nachos that looked good and were huge! One of the guys ordered the burger challenge and we were going to stick around to see it but we didn't want to wait that long. We were about to go when they ordered. The food was good and satisfying, our server was very sweet and very attentive, and you can't beat the view or the prices. You can't visit Daytona with out coming here!!!
Perfect for Valentines Day! This place was amazing!  We loved the location and the view from the pier...doesn't get much better. The waiter took a lot of time explaining the menu and gave us some great suggestions.  He said to order everything blackened.  My husband ordered the local Trigger fish sandwich and I got their house salad with blackened chicken.  (I don't like fish) the portions were perfect! It was nice to eat everything on the plate and not leave anything to waste while still feeling satisfied. We finished the meal with a Milky Way chocolate cake, AWESOME!!! It was moist and so yummy.  The key lime pie was all sold out.  Maybe next time if we ever make it to Daytona again!
Wonderful views and atmosphere absolutely loved this place! I have been here for both breakfast and dinner and both times I have had great service from the wait staff they always aim to please! The food was great and you get a lot for your money.
Stumbled upon this place while in town for a wedding. Love that it is on the pier overlooking the beach. My husband ended up ordering from their omelet bar - let me tell you, the chef (Mike I think) who makes the omelets here seriously has a gift! One of the best omelets I've tried. I ordered their Crabby Joe's Southern Bacon Benedict. Loved it and I'm pretty particular when it comes to my eggs Benedict. The bacon was a nice twist. It was a little busy so it took a little longer for me to get my food but overall it was worth it. We sat at the bar and had great service and mimosas!
Great atmosphere and pretty good food too. My wife had the coconut shrimp and said they were the best she'd had in DB. My son and I both had the shrimp Alfredo. It was good but just absolutely dunked in cheese. We weren't fans of that, but when the very friendly waitress noticed he'd only eaten the shrimp, she asked if he liked it. He told her there was way too much cheese on the pasta. She apologized and later knocked $10 off the bill because he didn't like it. You don't find places or staff like that often and that's why we'll definitely be coming back here the next time we stay here. Great experience!
The food was okay but do not go there at 9:30pm the staff is rude. Even though they close at 10!
I got the Jumbo Shrimp and some Clam Chowder. The shrimp were very good. Had great flavor and a great portion. Garlic mashed potatoes are homemade and are a plus. The Clam Chowder is just ok. It's a bit on the thin side with too much cream. It needs a thicker base to make it better.
We love this place. We stumbled on it while walking on the beach at sunrise. They are located right on a pier. You can sit inside or outside. The ocean crashing below you while having a wonderful breakfast and coffee is the best way to start your day. We ate here several times for breakfast and got something different every time. It was always good. The wait staff was also very efficient and very polite. We will be back!
Slightly overpriced fried food and humid / hot. But sadly they have the speaker to announce tables when ready, facing the inside towards seated customers. So don't expect to have a conversation without being interrupted every 2 minutes by loud speaker announcing who's next. Very annoying . And if that's not enough you can expect to dodge fishermen walking THRU the restaurant to get to the other side. You may get hooked !
My hubby and I shared the steamed platter and it was plenty to share. My son got fried shrimp and it was yumny. The orange sunshine cake was the perfect end to dinner. It was great listening to the waves crashing below while eating.
Pretty cool place but the food is ok. I've eaten here a few times and the food is good but could be so much better. Being that they are a restaurant actually on the water you would think their seafood would be amazing but its not.
If you want to come here fishing or dinner and just to hang out with friends. This is the place. The food is great, the employees are helpful and very customer service friendly. I bring my family here to do some fishing and we never leave disappointed. Even if we don't catch fish. I highly recommend crabby joes and the sunglow pier.
The covered dining is very nice. You don't even feel like you are over the water.  The service was very good and the place was hopping.  Nice selection  on the menu and really delicious. I would definitely go back.  After dinner you can enjoy a  walk on the pier.
We ate and had a few drinks here about a year ago. I remember we liked it because it was on the beach. Cool place. Update: we recently went back and the food was still pretty good. We like sitting at the water so it's nice for that.
A Must! Crabby Joe's is a restaurant that overlooks the Daytona shores. The view from the pier is enough to make this restaurant a must visit for locals and tourists alike! The Good: I Can See The Sea!: Since the restaurant is literally on the pier, you can look to your left, right, and under your feet and see the ocean. And since it is pretty far out you can see some considerable wildlife, including sharks, dolphins, and even freshwater manatees swimming from the Halifax river! MmmMMmm Yummy!: Food here is awesome. I personally prefer the house Sloppy Joe (Crabby Joe, Sloppy Joe...get it? huh? huh?) But the fish Po Boy sandwiches are my father's absolute favorite. Plus sides like hush puppies and slaw are very good as well. Drunken Joe's: Lots of great house cocktails as well as beach favorites like Bahama Mamas and Blue Hawaiians. The Bad: Standing Room Only: The place is really small, so it is best to go for lunch on the weekend, because this place can get packed at night, especially if there's an event going on. Crabby Joe's is an excellent atmospheric restaurant, and is one of my favorite places to go when I make a weekend trek to the Atlantic coast Overall: 10/10 This Crabby is Awesome!
Don't go to Crabby Joe's Deck & Grill expecting good food, go for the amazing view! My mother and I stopped here for lunch while on vacation.  One of my hopes for this trip was that we could enjoy at least one meal with a view of the ocean.  Crabby Joe's fulfilled that hope.  This is a full-service restaurant located on a fishing pier.  With plenty of window seating, I doubt there is a bad seat in the house. I asked the server about the beer selection and was surprised to learn that they have a very nice variety of beer on tap and additional options in bottles.  We each ordered a draught Blue Moon, a fish sandwich, and I added an order of hush puppies to share.  Our food arrived quickly.  My sandwich was pretty boring, but eatable. I opted for house-made potato chips instead of fries and I really enjoyed them.  The hush puppies were pretty good as well.  We finished our meal by splitting a piece of key lime pie, and it was decent. By far, the best part about our trip to Crabby Joe's was being able to sit and gaze out the open window and enjoy the ocean breeze. If I ever get the chance to visit Crabby Joe's again, I will order hush puppies and beer, and be perfectly happy.
Last weekend my husband and I were in Daytona Beach for Biketoberfest. On Sunday night, when the "fest" was actually over, we headed out for some food.  No crowds in town. I've been to Daytona many, many times, starting in the 80s when my kids were little.  How did we miss finding this FIND????  OMG...the food was great.  The service quite good. Our waitress accidentally brought me a red wine instead of the house chardonnay, so she offered the red to my husband (because, she said, the drink was already poured).  No charge for the accidental wine, and we tipped her well for her generosity (even if it was something she was required to do). This place has broccoli slaw---that is why I give 5 stars--very unusual and very good.  OKAY,the slaw wasn't the only reason-- - this is the only pier we've been to where we were way, way out over the water, and as an earlier reviewer said, we could see the water under us, not just to the north and the south and the east....the soups were quite good. I had tasty, vegetable-filled vegetable, and my husband some kind of chowder (sorry, I can't recall, forgot to take notes for my Yelp review).  The entrees were freshly cooked and wonderful also.  And plentiful...my leftovers served me well the next night.   I'm going back.
Well, I'm a sucker for this kind of place anyway--I went six times in seven days. Halfway down the Sunglow Pier, Crabby Joe's is open for all three meals. The breakfasts are as good as anybody's, although the build-your-own omelet station is a gimmick. The wings in sweet chili sauce are a meal in themselves. Broccoli slaw and sweet potato fries provide the illusion of eating healthy, always an important self-deception. I was disappointed in the fried oysters, though; they were thickly battered like the hush puppies and not as flavorful as more northern bivalves. Why five stars, then? Because the wind was blowing 30 knots all week, and the pier and restaurant were swaying gently on the pilings. There were surfers out the window and fisherman catching bluefish and sheepshead outside the back door. Beat that.
Crabby Joe's Deck and Grill is located on the pier in Port Orange, near the Dunlawton bridge. Great casual spot to enjoy drinks and a nosh, our family visited here a few days before us and enjoyed the peel and eat shrimp with Mango Margaritas.   We arrived at 5PM on a Saturday to a full restaurant but an open table on the pier. Yay! Hubby and I ordered a pitcher of beer and dinner. Food was OK, not great. He went crazy with the Surf and Turf burger, which provided some amusing photo ops. (pic) This thing is amazingly crazy looking, huge, a man vs. food moment. Sadly, the burger patties weren't cooked to temp (very overdone, dry) and just premade patties. He skipped eating those and ate some of the fish (Fried basa, meh), the bacon, crispy onions and veggies. He left most of it there and wouldn't order a burger there again. He did like the fries. I had a seafood platter, which was OK. Nothing special, or tasting very fresh and the hushpuppies were very, very overdone and dry. The ocean view and weather made up for the lackluster dinner. We should have ordered beer and peel and eat shrimp and called it a night. As we left, the place was packed and had a wait for inside and outside seating. If you are there early, you can get parking in the adjacent monitored lot. We saw lines to the parking lot for the rest of the night, so an early arrival is wise.
I LOVED this place! My boyfriend and I wanted fresh seafood from a good place and he saw some good reviews on Yelp, so we went. This place is at the end of a pier, so you are literally eating on the ocean. ON it! You have a view of the people, the fishermen, the surfers... it was really one of the most amazing views I've had while eating. We sat out in the open area and both got the fish of the day sandwich, blackened. And it was delicious, The fries were perfectly crispy. The waitress was attentive and friendly. The cost was very reasonable, especailly for the view. This place just has the beach atmosphere down. I would go back a thousand times.
I wish I could say more good things about this place, as it is close by to our condo and a cool spot.  But, it IS a restaurant and no matter how cool a restaurant on a pier is, the food has always been blah to me.  I have been a few times, and had simple things like a po' boy sandwhich and fries.  There were always OK.  Not send it back to the kitchen bad, but surely not "you have to taste this" good. Friends have been there too and ordered seafood, crabs, etc... and all were under-whelmed as well.  With that said, it is cool to feel the place shake with the waves and look down and see the ocean. My opinion is this:  If you are looking for great food, there are plenty of better choices.  If you are more concerned about a cool and different spot, this is a good choice.
Pretty good!  I had the crab cake appetizer, because I wasn't very hungry, and it was substantial enough to work as a meal.  The crabcakes are pretty good, although they come with this weird clam sauce on top that I haven't really figured out.  I think I like it but it kind of looked like snot.  Not the most appetizing-looking sauce, but it tasted good.   My husband got the peel and eat shrimp, and it was fantastic!  The waiter even showed us a trick to eat peel-and-eat shrimp without spending more time on peeling than eating.  The service was awesome -- everyone was very friendly and helpful, right down to the gift shop worker. The best thing was sitting there, eating a meal on the pier, leaning against the window and watching the moon illuminate the waves crashing beneath our feet.   The only bummer is that the seafood is not local.  Why, oh, WHY would you have a place like that and not serve local, fresh-caught seafood?  I understand that the kitchen is teeny, but if the food is that good coming from frozen, imagine how delish it would be if it came fresh?  And they would be supporting local fishermen.   Anyway, I'll go back.  It was good stuff.
Great casual beachfront dining. A must do whenever I'm in the area. Killer omlets.
Had the Specialty of the Pier: fried shrimp, scallops, clam strips, fish, and a stuffed crab shell with hushpuppies, fries, and asparagus. It was all delicious. I'm usually not a hushpuppy fan, but I even loved those. Husband had a fish sandwich and thought it was pretty good but enjoyed sampling mine more. Views are fantastic.
I've been to Crabby Joe's two times now, on two separate trips to Daytona, and haven't been disappointed yet. Both times were for dinner and both times we sat on outside on the pier to eat. The ambiance is very low key and family friendly, so it was a great spot to dine after a day on the beach. The first time we ate there it was during their "off" season, so there was absolutely no wait to be seated. This last time we were there during Spring Break, so we did wait about 20 minutes to get a table, which wasn't too bad at all. The food, like the atmosphere, is low key and priced as it should be. I've had the steamed crab off of their menu, as well as a burger and fries, and both were great. The crab is listed at market price, so be sure to ask what market price currently is before you order to avoid being surprised when your bill comes. The burger and fries were somewhere around eight bucks, which is what you would expect to spend. So, again, if you're looking for a low key place to fill up after a long day in the sun, this is a great option. The only complaint I have is about our server on our second trip there. While I understand that it was a Spring Break week and they were busy, she was very infrequent and sporadic with her visits to our table. And when she did stop by to take our orders and check up, she was very short with her answers and not friendly at all. I wish I could remember her name, but it has escaped me. All of the other staff we encountered were very friendly and personable, so I'm guessing she was just stressed and overwhelmed with her tables that night...I hope. I also recommend walking out on the pier while you're there. The restaurant is situated about 1/3 of the way out on the pier and they have a gift shop right behind the restaurant where you can pay $1 per person to walk out the rest of the way. There are usually a lot of people out there fishing too, so it's fun to people watch and take a stroll after you eat to get a different view of the beach. Well worth that dollar if you ask me!
The food is delicious, service is good and the view is beautiful. I had a great time eating with my friends here while visiting daytona. I recommend the clam chowder.
So, I'm going to start with the bad, because I really want to get it out of the way.  The service was really awful.  It was about two seconds from down-pouring on us, and we didn't see a server for a solid five minutes after sitting down.  Then, after ordering a beer, it was a good ten minutes before it actually came out.  Being mid-road trip and on the way home, this was pretty effing annoying.  Also, the server wasn't particularly personable, nor did he explain  happy hour at all, which caused a bit of a snafu in the end.  Anyhow, that is where the bad ended for us! That being said, this place is AWESOME.  It's actually ON the ocean, which is really awesome, especially on the precipice of a storm!  We saw dolphins playing and fish jumping and surfers failing.  It was great!  You can actually look down and see the ocean right under you while you eat!   After much debate, we opted to split crabs and shrimp (spicy).  When it came out, it didn't look like enough food so we ordered a sandwich just in case.  The crab legs were AMAZING.  They were fresh and delicious!  I couldn't have been happier.  The spicy shrimp were fantastic as well, but they didn't hold a candle to the crab legs of course.  The sandwich was pretty anti-climatic.  Fish of the day was bosa, and we ordered the sandwich blackened, but neither of us were terribly impressed.  The bun was a little on the stale side as well.  This definitely isn't the place you go for a good fish sandwich so much as a good atmosphere and cheap happy hour (provided you know what's on it).   We are definitely planning a trip back soon though!
Crabby Joe's is a great big lovely hole-in-the-wall. Most of the waitstaff is great & friendly. The food is good - some dishes are excellent and yes, it's not consistent. You can crawl on up after a day on the beach or go for sunset drinks. No, it is not air conditioned. Let's remember it is a shack on stilts on the beach. You can't beat Crabby Joe' s for a great fish sandwich with fries and a cold drink. The sound of the surf directly beneath can't be matched at any other restaurant.
I've spent almost a week here at Daytona Beach Shores and this a great place to go for a beer.  Love the pier and the place, but the employees congregate at a table right outside the kitchen at a table that is very close to a lot of customer tables and they are LOUD.   Loud with their talking, joking, laughing, everything. Very boisterous, no concern for customers sitting nearby. When the employees are hanging out in front of the kitchen door, they have an incredibly annoying habit of  loudly clapping their hands together, either by themselves, (especially a large male employee with a beard) or as some kind of "high five" thing, that creates a random, very loud gunshot sound.    They do it randomly but regularly. One employee just stood there, randomly clapping, either in boredom or for some kind of thing he's doing with other staff and the high-five clapping thing.   No regard at all for customers sitting a few inches away. They need to tell their staff to knock it off, it's loud and obnoxious and shows a complete lack of concern for customers.
SERVICE: 5.0 BREAKFAST 4.0 COFFEE SITUATION: ZERO We went for breakfast: COFFEE:  PERHAPS THE OWNERS CAN SERVE THEIR COFFEE IN SOMETHING LESS TOXIC - (AS THEY SERVE THE COFFEE IN POLYSTYRENE FOAM CUPS) as it makes the coffee taste like crap also. Bfast was good though (apart from the cup situation that I mention above). Waiter was great (efficient, swift etc - knew what he was doing) Hey weird ketchup there (I didn't see Heinz it is some brand called Crown Ketchup on every table -  I don't take ketchup but if you are a ketchup lover and like a bit with your breakfast home fries - you may be disappointed with the Crown brand of Ketchup) So ZERO FOR THE non-degradable polystyrene foam cups the coffee is served in....they do NOT serve their coffee in pottery/glass cups (nope: polystyrene foam only folks) - The coffee is served (inside) with polystyrene foam cups - not the servers fault - it is policy - apparently people throw the glass cups out the window....WTF....however, Paper is better than polystyrene foam (polystyrene sits for 100's of years unable to decompose).  It's 2013 Crabby Joe's Owners: get some friggen biodegradable cups for your coffee if you aren't going to put them in proper cups. While it is possible to recycle the plastic foam, the cost is prohibitive and the material seemingly lasts forever Decent place for bfast - cheaper than the Cracked Egg and just as good.  The only thing is though being 2013 and serving coffee in a polystyrene foam cup is very 1980's __________________________________________________­_______ (BELOW FOR THE OWNERS) Polystyrene is a petroleum-based plastic made from the styrene monomer. Most people know it under the name Styrofoam, which is actually the trade name of a polystyrene foam product used for housing insulation. Polystyrene is a light-weight material, about 95% air, with very good insulation properties and is used in all types of products from cups that keep your beverages hot or cold to packaging material that keep your computers safe during shipping. The biggest environmental health concern associated with polystyrene is the danger associated with Styrene, the basic building block of polystyrene - Acute health effects are generally irritation of the skin, eyes, and upper respiratory tract, and gastrointestinal effects. - Chronic exposure affects the central nervous system showing symptoms such as depression, headache, fatigue, and weakness, and can cause minor effects on kidney function and blood. - Styrene is classified as a human carcinogen by the EPA and by the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC). -Ppolystyrene foam manufacture releases the hydrocarbons into the air at ground level; there, combined with nitrogen oxides in the presence of sunlight, they form tropospheric ozone -- a serious air pollutant at ground level. - NON BIODEGRADABLE IN landfills NOTE: Many cities and counties have outlawed polystyrene foam (i.e. Taiwan, Portland, OR, and Orange County, CA).  I NEVER SEE IT IN CANADA these days (thank goodness).
You never know what you're going to get at these type of beach bar places. Are they going to have a cool atmosphere but lousy food? Is the view great but service lacking? I gotta say that Crabby Joe's did a great job on all counts. The view is wonderful- right over the ocean with all the sights and sounds that go along with it. Fishermen and women walk right through with rods and gear to fish at the end of the pier. The whole place rocks slightly with the waves. While we dined a fan powered glider floated over the restaurant. Talk about authentic! Our server was energetic and friendly. He had to be flagged down several times for extra napkins but overall did a good job. The food came out pretty quickly and was tasty. I had the coconut shrimp app which were cooked nicely and came with a delicious pina colada dipping sauce. For my entree I tried the fish po' boy. Although it tasted good it wasn't a traditional New Orleans-style po' boy. Two of the guys in our group got the surf and turf challenge burger. Eat this mammoth thing and win a free t-shirt. My husband did pretty good- he ate all but the top bun and fries before throwing in the towel. He said it was really good too. When we are back in this part of Daytona we will be back to Crabby's Joe's for our beach bar fix. FYI- street parking can fill up quick but they have an agreement with the Suntrust across the street for extra parking after hours. You can also access the restaurant from the beach.
I loved the location, atmosphere, staff, prices and the crabby's specialty house salad is the best salad I've ever had. I bring all my friends and family here when they're in town visiting.
We went to Crabby Joe's tonight because of the general lack of options according to yelp in the area. Service: 4 Friendly, fast, efficient, helpful. Food: 1 First we ordered the calamari. Chewy and overly greasy. I ordered fried shrimp for my dinner  (assuming it would be safe) after all, how do you mess up fried shrimp? The grease they use is awful and leaves a terrible taste in your mouth. My husband ordered the giant surf and turf burger, medium. Meat was well done and flavorless. Bread was soggy. Overall? Lackluster and pretty gross. Ambience: 3.5 Hard to beat dinner on a pier. Value: 2 Our tab was 68$ for the meal including a couple of drinks. Too much for this venue with truly subpar food. We left opting to go to Publix and buy sandwich stuff for the rest of our stay if this was the highest rated joint in the area.
Found this restaurant on yelp and decided to try it out. Food was fantastic and the service was great. The view from anywhere in the restaurant is great as well. Will definitely be back when I am in town again.
We were looking forward to eat seafood on the pier.  Experience was underwhelming. Felt like a tourist trap.  Fook was just ok- not bad, but no where near the menu price especially for small portions.  Service was slow and disorganized.  We were waited on by four to five different people, none of which knew what the other waiters were doing.   Ordered signature drinks- again not so great.
The food quality is fair to good.  The atmosphere and location is definitely worth the trip.
Maybe I take this place for granted because I live across the street but it is a decent beach bar with bar food and drinks.  If you are on the beach and get hungry, it is the perfect spot to go grab a sandwich and maybe a pitcher of beer but I don't think there is anything exceptional about the place besides maybe the view of the ocean.   If you are super hungry, try the whale burger.  Its basically 3 sandwiches on top of one another consisting of hamburger meat, fried fish patties, and bacon.  It is really, really, good until you start to get full but you can't stop because if you complete the "challenge" of finishing the burger and fries you get a free t-shirt.  In the end it kind of works out because the t-shirt is $14 and the sandwich is $20, so you must finish!
It isn't the place for a foodie, but it's certainly good-enough food to stave a hunger pain. Fried shrimp was cooked perfectly, if a little over-battered. Fish po-boy is good, and fries were crispy and hot. Of course, a beach spot like this is a must-visit location simply for the ocean view, the casual atmosphere (expect to see lots of people in swimwear sans cover-ups), and the cold drinks. Our service was very good, and we never reached the bottom of our glasses before our waitress appeared with a fresh drink.
Great beachside dining on the Sunglow Pier in Daytona Beach Shores. Food and service are good, but the view is what makes this place. The view is great from every table in both directions as the restaurant sits on the pier right over the shore break. The roof keeps everyone cool--even on a hot summer afternoon. We enjoyed our boiled shrimp(both lemon/garlic and spicy) and our fish (basa) sandwich. Next time I'm going to try the homemade potato chips.
Excellent place !!! We had a great time. The Pier is pretty nice and the attention superb. We were a party of 8 and everyone got a different plate.... and everyone agreed: Excellent !!!! . Actually no one could finish their plate but me, but of course only because I had to... I took the challenge of eating the well known: "Whale Sized Surf & Turf Burger" (See the pictures in my profile) that was insane.... I got the t-shirt prized and a "non sleep at all long night" for free too, but definitely the experience worth it. I am planning going back to Daytona for the "Coke Zero 400" event at the Daytona International Speedway on July 2 and FOR SURE I'll be back to Crabby Joe's..... this restaurant is a must!. P.D. The menu offers a big variety, so I am pretty sure that I will have something different next time.... lol !!! ... just to have a good night sleep.
This place is nothing but awesome. 50% MILITARY DISCOUNT!? YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME! I rave about this place. $3.50 pitchers of beer for Military ID holders. The food portions are just right, the prices are great, and you CANNOT BEAT THE VIEW!
Location, location, location!  The location of Crabby Joe's makes it an amazing experience.  I got off a plane and went directly to Crabby Joe's to unwind, appreciate the beauty of the location and enjoy some local food.  Although I have had a better Fish Ruben elsewhere, the service was perfect, the scenery was heavenly and the ocean breeze was refreshing.   Maybe next time I would just have drinks and teasers, but I would go again and bring guests to enjoy the beauty of Daytona Beach area.
Blackened does not mean blackened here... it means seasoned salt. Service was sub-par- waitress took order, brought water, then the check ...(25 minutes later) no refills, no napkins, she never checked back on us... Child's meal was 2 small chicken nuggets and 8 french fries... The only nice thing was sitting there watching the black birds fly in and out snarfing french fries off the floor!
Maybe they changed owners or suppliers but the calamari was pretty bad.  They used to have the best calamari in town.  I won't be back.
Crabby Joe's is a pretty awesome looking restaurant on a pier. The ambience is great. We got a window seat so we were able to see the sea and get a nice ocean breeze on a hot summer day. I'd give the decor and location 5 stars. However, the only vegan option available was a salad. They have a vegetarian pasta primavera, I asked if they could make it vegan by subbing the butter with olive oil and they refused. The beer selection is also pretty terrible, they don't have any craft beers. I definitely would not recommend Crabby Joe's for any vegans of beer enthusiasts.
This Colorado Girl is a fan. Was in the area wanted to take advantage of the beach and seafood. Stopped at Crabby Joe's which was a fabulous stop.  Sat in the bar area which was above the water great view. The server was super friendly offered up great suggestions for dinner. Got the seafood platter so a little of everything.  The shrimps were large and not deep fried and the stuffed blue crab delish.  The prices are very reasonable...stop and see the ocean and enjoy some good food!
One of the worst restaurant meals I have ever had. The service was okay and the view was unbeatable. We had tiny "spicy" shrimp appetizer -- not at all spicy, clam strip dinner, and fish tacos -- just tasteless.  I wish Daytona had some sort of quality control over the establishments that take up such valuable beachfront property.
Came here for lunch and really enjoyed it!  We sat on the outside deck, which is uncovered with 360 view of the ocean.  There are umbrellas on each table (high picnic style tables), but it can be very breezy, so beware!  Service was prompt and attentive, food was good and had good presentation.  This is not a fine dining restaurant, by any means, but it's great for casual dining literally on the beach.  I would definitely come here again!
This place has a wonderful view, the food is delicious with big portions and a quick service. I got the fried combo plate  and a Clam chowder that couldn't be better!!! The only bad thing .......... the beers were not ice cold.
I had some fantastic shrimp and blackened fish right on the pier.  The atmosphere is very laid back.  Fishers, drinkers, families...very relaxing.  The breeze coming off the ocean was perfect.  Loved eating here.
Eat here. View could not be better, food is great. Ate here twice during a vacation. Fish sandwich was great, I recommend it. Wife had steamed crab legs, also good. Next day I had a BLT.  It wasn't bad but there are better things on the menu.
Who couldn't love this place. Fun atmosphere, pier on the beach...color me there. Now,..for the food. PERFECT~ field greens, REAL blue cheese, seared fish, dried cranberries, nuts... YUM! Server was amicable and friendly... quick and professional!
Very average dining experience. The view is awesome. I loved being over the water. But the food was pretty terrible and way overpriced. Service was decent. I would go back for cocktails and an appetizer but not dinner.
Great spot on the beach. It's everything a restaurant on the beach ought to be: fun, entertaining, gorgeous view, and child friendly! The food is also pretty good!
Food great. View great, a little pricey but expected cost of seafood. Will eat there again, terrible daiquiris
My husband and I split the whale of a burger. We barely finished it. so many onions. but it was fantastic. loved the view, waitress was great and very friendly. Great find for you us.
Awesome place! The omelette bar on the weekend is a must!
Great staff and views at Crabby Joes.   They also have an amazing omelette bar on Sundays.   Wish they had a little more healthy food for lunch and dinner.
Good fish. Great server Joe. Nothin fancy but good taste. Great view  from pier.
We were literally the only ones in the place on a Thursday evening. The service was fine, drinks kept full, food service quickly. The food was as expected. There was nothing about the experience that I would say made it unmissable, but it was an enjoyable, fresh seafood dinner at a reasonable price.
Love that you can see the ocean through the floor! Had the blackened mahi sandwich, well done. Mahi tends to taste "steamed" if not well done. So good!! They even had diet Dr. Pepper! My favorite. We will definitely be back. Maybe fishing on the pier next time. They even rent rods. Sweet.
We were not expecting much when we went here for dinner.  We were pleasantly surprised though.  The food was good and the price was right and it was within walking distance of the place we were staying.  We thought it was the best food we've had since we've been in town so far and we've been to several other local spots.
Great atmosphere and views of the ocean, beach and hotels.  Grilled fish of the day on specialty house salad was a good choice.  Service wasn't great, but the setting was.  Good choice for a late leisurely lunch.
It just doesn't get any better than this, a perfect place to kick off your Florida vacation.  The best seat in the house is outside in between the restaurant and the fishing part of the pier (weather permitting).  The view is awesome and the breeze refreshing.  The new Crabby's Specialty House salad (field greens) with balsamic dressing is excellent.  Add a piece of blackened fish of the day and you have yourself a nutritious delicious meal.  The $1 to walk the fishing part of the pier is a buck well spent.  Very casual, a bathing suit with a cover up kind of place.
After reading the reviews, my friends and I decided to stop in and have a bite.  We started out with some of their calamari as an appetizer.  What we got was a mountain of calamari with fried red bell peppers and broccoli which just melted in your mouth served with lemon and marinara on the side!  Delicious and enormous!  We also had the Shrimp Po Boy sandwiches which were good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  I liked the parmesan cheese sprinkled on top of the bread.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area.  The view is great, service was pleasant, and the food was delicious and abundant.
Good food with great view of the beach.  Nothing awesome, just good seafood with a great view of the beach.
Good food with great view of the beach.
I would like to have the opportunity to give this place another try.  I loved, loved, loved the location.  We went in the evening and I loved it that the restaurant is way out on the pier.  The surf was high and we were actually rocking.  Really fun...I guess I had great expectations for the food too but I was somewhat disappointed.  I ordered the clam chowder and it was very salty and mostly potatoes.  I think I may have found one clam in it.  We both ordered the steamer pot with crab legs, clams, and shrimp.  The clams and shrimp were okay.  The crab was over cooked and I can't tell you how many times, I popped a leg open to find it was empty.  Our server was excellent and attentive.  I think I just need to come back one day and order something different because I really loved being way out on the pier...
Great views and location, but food is average at best. I mean my god you are sitting over the ocean and you serve frozen crap?
went to crabby Joe's last nite for happy hour. Nice crowd, good bartenders, its on a pier that actually sits over the Atlantic ocean.  It was busy and hopping in a large part because the Daytona 500 is this Sunday.  Seems like a good place to get a relaxing beer and the food looked good even though i did not partake.  I will return in my few months down here in Florida.
We got the fried combo plate of oyster, shrimp, fish, clam strips, hush puppies, and a soft shell crab and garlic mashed potatoes. All of it was pretty delicious with big portions! Clam chowder was very good, couldve been a little less salty. It's also right over the beach and had a great piña colada. Great casual place!
The location and facility were awesome.  I had the platter that came with crab legs, mussels and shrimp.  It was a lot of food and very tasty.  I was surprises about how much food there actually was on this platter.
Crabby Joe's Fish Sandwich is awesome and affordable
Just stopped in for a couple of beers, but I was wowed by the view.  Really unique place on a pier, in the ocean.  My review is for the view alone.  Did not eat, but will return to give it a try next time I'm in town.
Everything was absolutely delicious! Perfect portions, too. Add to that the relaxing, homey ambiance, the gorgeous view from the pier (from all windows as well) and the cute gift shop ("Don't be Crabby!" lol) - let's just say we'll be back next time we're in town. LOVE IT.
I've gone here a few times when I'm in the area. It's nothing fancy but being on a pier over the ocean, it's not supposed to be fancy. This time I went I had their "Whale Sized Surf & Turf Burger" challenge. It has three big burgers, two fried fish, cheeses, lettuce, tomatoes, and onions sandwiched between big buns and layered between slabs of Texas Toast, and topped off with a pile of bacon and fried onion strings with pickles. There was no time limit but everything had to be finished, including all of the fries, in order to win a T-shirt. I failed. I struggled with it for about 45 minutes and could barely finish the top half section of two burgers before giving up. I never really expected to finish it but the waitress made it sound so good so I tried it anyway. It was REALLY REALLY good. One of the best burgers I've ever had anywhere.
Although it doesn't show on the info, they are opened for breakfast. Sunday's they have a great  omelet station.  Indoor and outdoor seating. Great service and very friendly staff.
Awesome ambience! Not fancy but great view of the beach. Good food. Nice waitress. Would eat here again no problem. Nothing fancy but that's okay.
I love this place, great menu, affordable and you cannot beat the view off the pier or the atmosphere!  Clam chowder is a must and you gotta try their coconut shrimp. They are known for this Monsterous burger and I saw a kid eating one, It was literally a foot high!
The service and view were amazing, but the food was not up to par. The grilled Mahi was delicious, but the crab cakes were more like cakes with no crab. I know it's hard to find a really good crab cake, but this was no where near what you should expect. The fried fish came out a little bit soggy too.
I'm blown away this place has 4 stars. Food was only worth 2 stars.
The fact that I was eating my lunch while watching the ocean waves right in front of me makes for a very awesome bar/restaurant. The service was good and the food was really good. Also you can actually feel the pier moving with the waves, very awesome!
We ate there last night. As usual the first thing about this restaurant is the view. It is on a pier and you have great views of the beach and the water.  The food as usual was good. Keep in mind its not a 5 star restaurant and could get by on its location, but the food is always good. Had the blackened fish sandwich and it was perfectly cooked. My wife had the salad with a piece of fish on it. Very happy with it.  unfortunately the one thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is the service. While the food comes quickly once ordered, they seemed to be understaffed in the server dept and took awhile to get the orders taken.  Of course we'll be back though as always good food with a good view!
My friend and I went here last week while in Florida for the very last shuttle launch. The food was very tasty and the beer was cold and reasonably priced. They did this clever thing where if you ordered a pitcher it was served with a Ziploc bag of ice, so after you pour the first two glasses out, you put the bag in the picture and the beer stays cold. I'd never seen that before. Anyhow, the food, the view and the rustic "beachy" atmosphere made us come back a second time while we were in Daytona. This is easily my favorite stop in Daytona.
Sorely disappointed - we were here last March and had a spectacular view of the moon rising-and remember the meal as ok. We were looking for a crab boil and were very disappointed this year - just not much taste. We'd come from Ponte Vedra and the Palm Valley Fish Camp which had an exceptional crab boil. I was also disappointed to read elsewhere here that the seafood is not local. We had another crab boil at Our Deck Down Under which was far superior.
Perfect restaurant for it's location, has a nice beachy feel, as well as amazing food. I can easily say the best mussels I've ever had were here, as well as one of the best burgers & fries. The staff was great, great food, and great environment, easily deserving five stars. I'm definitely stopping back in there next time in daytona!
Fish tacos and food was very bland as others have said fries were oversalted when I requested no salt tourist trap beware. Also note that it took 5 bottles of water after eating here to rid the taste of salt and nasti-ness of eating here.
This is a really good place to go for some drinks and a bite to eat with one of the best possible views of the beach.  Every time I've went to Crabby Joes, the staff has been friendly, the food was good and service was with a smile.  The atmosphere makes it a must-see place if you're from out of town visiting Port Orange.  When friends or family come to visit we always encourage them to go here at least once.  If you park on the beach near Crabby's then it's nice to be able to walk up to the pier to grab a few drinks.  Every beach town needs a place like Crabby Joe's.
Good food. The catch of the day was very tasty. If the weather is nice, this place is perfect.
The location and building are pretty cool (on a pier over the water).  Basically, this would be a good place to go get some drinks and maybe have some apps.  I wouldn't waste a dinner there.  My wife had the fish sandwich (which they're "famous" for) and it was gnarly and super fishy.  She got about 3 bites out of it and threw in the towel.  I had some sort of pseudo wrap/fish taco thing and I got through about half.  Drinks and location are good, food not so much.
Very casual and the food is great!  You can't beat it for the money.
Great view, friendly service, decent food. No shirt, no shoes, no problem; you can eat lunch in your bikini if you like. Grilled cheese my daughter got was greasy and bland and salad we ordered was "eh" but my "Mermaid Reuben" was delish!
The food here is good, as well as the view since this restaurant sits on top of the pier. Our latest visit to this place, was on a day that had rained a little bit. Amazingly they just let us sit ourselves, since there wasn't a lot of business. Our food was excellent and there wasn't any complaints about the food. One good tip If you have any favorites around Daytona that are busy most of the time. Go on rainy nights because a lot of people don't go out on these night. This also happened to us with Aunt Catfish's On the River, which is on the other side of the Halifax. Went on a rainy night and we only had to wait 15 minutes, which on a typical night you would have to wait like a hour. As for Crabby Joe's this is a place I would keep coming back to when I'm in the area.
Beautiful breeze, good drinks and food was great. Chicken wrap and fish tacos. Perfect for a Sunday afternoon at the beach.
One star only because of the killer view!  Dont get any seafood- its all frozen! We made the mistake of getting their sampler appetizer (calamari was disgusting) and then I got the mahi mahi (worst I've ever tried) my husband got the Pier Specialty Platter- terrible! Maybe the burgers are better!
I loved this place! We were on vacation in Daytona and took a break from the beach and walked down to Crabby Joe's. We sat outside on the pier and it's just an awesome view - you get the see the beach, the people, the water, it's sunny and warm and just a great place to have seafood right on the water. We both ordered the fish of the day sandwich (can't remember the name of the fish, but it was a mild whitefish) and it was served blackened with fries. Yum. They also serve their pitchers of beer with a bag of ice to float in it to keep it cold. My only complaint would be that is that it's seat yourself, and we waited for about 15 minutes for a server and I finally had to ask someone for menus. Otherwise it was great. We also returned the next day for happy hour and had the coconut shrimp which was fantastic. It's served with a pina colada dipping sauce which is also great. Definitely go here if you're in town, on the beach - whatever. Super casual fun place with great food.
No better place for ambience ... I had fried fish and shrimp. Lightly battered ... Food was good but not spectacular... Servers were excellent... I will never understand why places put kale on plate for garnish which went out in 70s...
great view of the water. no better place for beer or wine. the local fresh fish sandwiches excellent. service can be slow but your supposed to be on vacation.
The food was not good and menu options were pretty terrible especially for lunch.  The "famous" fish sandwich was not good - sorry guys!  For being in such a touristy location with fantastic seafood available, this spot left us wishing we never came. Also while it says this is good for kids, i'd forewarn you that this is at the end of a pier and there are slats in the floor where little trinkets and crayons can easily slip through and fall in the ocean. This is challenging for kids under 4!
If you are going--you are going for the supremely amazing location.  The food is okay-but you are sitting over the water and it is gorgeous.  If you are going with friends, family, or a date it is a great setting.  Decent food--but definitely not over-the-top delicious!
We've been going to the pier for many years.  My husband and I decided to renew our vows on the pier on St. Patrick's Day.   We had a party of six.   My husband had the ham and cheese pannini and loved it;  my cousin had the Ahi Tuna and loved it too.  I had a cheeseburger, requested "rare" and it was.  The fries were cold, but I was not in the  mood to complain.  Rather sorry they took the patty melt off the menu, and the regular Cuban sandwich.  They only had a seafood Cuban which is rather baffling.  Anyway, we had a lovely day.
This is a great spot for lunch.  It is an incredible location, as it is literally over the water and you have a great view of the beach/ocean.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  Beware of the agressive birds looking for a handout.  I highly recommend the salad with the seared tuna.  Yummo!  They have lots of fried options, of which I'm generally not a fan, but it is what it is.  I went to Crabby Joes for dinner once before and I don't think I'll ever do that again, as I was throughly unimpressed... but as a lunch joint, you can't beat it for this area.  We were there with two small children and the staff were very accomdating, so even though they weren't my kids, it seems to be a good place to take kids, as well.
Went to Crabby Joes while on vacation to Florida. We researched the place before we went and decided we had to go just for the view.  There were 4 of us including a 9 month old.  The waitstaff was extremely attentive and accommodated all of our needs for our child including stacking 3 child seats safely on top of each other so our daughter could enjoy the view. Food was an 8 out of 10. Good seafood which you would expect and awesome hush puppies. Good price considering where you were at. Would have given 5 stars but they we're out of key lime pie which we had our heart set on, but oh well!
