Crazy cool and unique food! They have a burger stacked between two donuts! I also have tried the chicken and waffle sandwich which tasted really nice. Overall it is a sweet place. If you are over 21 they have tons of beer on tap as well
I played hookie from work and hit the beach for the day, and stopped into Daytona Taproom for a beer and a burger. I'm a little conflicted over what I think about the place - and although the burger was great, everything else leaves this place right in the middle. Pretty solid taproom atmosphere...sorta beach dive bar meets tattoo hipster spot meets diner. The kitchen is actually behind the bar, which is interesting. The layout is a little awkward though...with a second portion of bar seating all the way in the back, which is also where all the beer taps are, and where your bartender will have to walk to get your drink. A little awkward, and inefficient when they are busy I imagine (so keep this in mind). The beer selection was pretty decent, but I didn't see anything that seemed unique for the craft beer scene in Florida - although this is probably the best selection in Daytona. I would have liked to see some more local Florida brews though! The burger was made with care and the puddle of juices and drippings in the bottom of the basket proved just how juicy of a burger it was. Service was pretty decent, but I was one of the only people in there. It might be a 4/5 burger but it was a 2.5/5 taproot.
Well, this place is extremely interesting. Do you want to eat deep fried bacon?  Drink a beer milkshake?  Eat a burger called the 'Bacony Bacon Bacon' ?  Well, you can.  This place takes absurb, hipstery/foodie things and puts them on the menu.  The menu itself has so many options that everyone I was sitting with had trouble figuring out exactly what they wanted.  They know how to write a menu description, that's for sure. This place is clearly a local favorite - upon arriving at 7pm, within minutes the rest of the place filled up.  Families, people sitting at the bar.  By the way, there's 50 beers on tap.  Now, these 50 are a pretty stock rotation of what you'll find in most hipster/dive bars, so I didn't see a ton of surprises, but what I did see was a good selection.  Only two ciders, however. Where they lost a star: The deep fried bacon was burnt.  Beyond burnt.  The flavor of the breading was poor, and when biting into one piece of bacon, I came away with a mouthful of loose breading.  The burger was cooked beyond what I'd ordered (mid-rare) - the beer milkshake we ordered (with a cream ale that was perfect for it, and recommended by our server) was just...weird.  Now, to the service.  It was pretty friendly, but we were also being served sometimes by another bartender who wasn't very friendly and took an extremely long time to check on our table.  Also, the kitchen is open air, like in a diner, so a lot of the time the smell of grease and cooking smoke would billow into the dining area, which is right next to it.  None of these things really detracted from the experience too much - it's a dive bar/eatery that's not pretended to be anything else, but with such lofty expectations from the incredible descriptions on the menu, the food really could have been a little better. I love the decor, and the feel of this place.  If you're in the area, you've GOT to come here.
This is a classic example of a great bar ruined by awful service. I was excited to go check this place out on a recent trip down to Daytona. From what I could tell it was the only bar in the area that would have a wide selection of craft beers. Once we arrived it seemed to be everything I wanted it do be. Open area, Bar games (pool tables & darts), tons of beers on tap (but strangely light on IPA), a decent and intriguing bar food menu for late night noshing. Prices were reasonable on taps but all of the Large format bottles, 22, 24 oz. etc were a bit over-priced But as I've come to expect with bars of this type...9 times out of 10 if the bartender is an attractive female that seems somewhat out of place in a beer bar environment...They suck. She had a group of guys at the far end of the bar that were giving her waaay too much attention and thus everyone else suffered. It took 10 minutes for me to ASK about getting a 1st beer then it arrived immediately...so I put it behind me. For the second beer I stood at the counter for another 5 minutes... then another guy came to stand next to me......5 minutes then another guy next to him...waiting. Finally she approaches the 3rd guy, who let her know others were waiting, she then approached number 2 in line, who graciously deferred her to me. I ordered and immediately asked for the check, because even though it was the LAST place open, I decided I would rather go drink wine in the hotel room that fight to get beers on a slow night.
Great beer selection, great atmosphere, great burger and fries, can't ask for much more here.  Oh, great service too.  Will definitely be back.  This place is a gem, don't think it gets the attention it deserves during bike week because it's not on Main St. Please get to this spot, you'll love it.
Our trip to the taproom can be summed up with four words: great food, long wait. We got here right at opening time abd there were people waiting outside. A good sign. Great menu!  The burgers are huge. Juicy abd delicious as well as cooked just right. Tastes very hand made. Good beer menu and football. Looking good. The wait time for good was horrific. It was a two hour meal to get two burgers. A bit on the pricy side but worth it.
Dank burgers. Service is hit and miss but the burgers are always on point. I don't mess with the other things on the menu. They're all battered in the same sweet batter mix.
So I must begin by saying I sort of ventured out of my comfort zone by going to this place, but so glad that I did.  They have some really crazy stuff on the menu which is surprising since this is basically a bar (hence the name).  But one of the more notable crazy burgers was one called the Glazed Doughnut; burger, bacon, American cheese sandwiched between two Krispy Kreme Doughnuts.  Man I wish I had the cahones to try that sucker!...maybe next time. Had the double cheese smashmeat with a side of truffle fries.  It was awesome.  In my opionion, the taste of this burger was damn close to Five Guys. So to recap, I didn't try any of the craft beers (I had the Mex coke), had the double cheese w/truffle fries.  Solid four out of five. FYI, do not go to the Seabreeze Taproom by mistake, we just saw a sign for Taproom and mistaked it for the Taphouse which is two blocks away.
After trawling the interwebs for a good burger joint while on vacation in Ormond/Daytona, my family and I decided on Daytona Taproom, based in large part on the good reviews and uber-delicious looking menu.  The place itself was relatively easy to find for out-of-towners, once you work through the confusion of the Seabreeze Taphouse being just 2 blocks away.  Parking was fairly limited, and I had the joy of parallel parking our rental minivan on the street.   Once the family and I were in, I immediately began to question our selection.  While the menu here screams RESTAURANT, the place itself is NOT set up that way at all.  The layout is basically two bars (one against each outside wall) with a long communal table (half table, half high-top) that runs down the middle. I'm sure it's perfect for a younger, more hipster crowd, but it was not what I was looking for with my two young kids in tow. To be fair, the Yelp profile does say "No" in the Good for Kids category--something we obviously overlooked. The on-tap beer selection is pretty extensive (over 50 brews, local, domestic, and international), and is scribed on the wall in chalk -- along with all kinds of other drunken scrawlings and graffiti-like obscenities.  When we sat down, my wife actually commented that she was glad that our daughters couldn't read yet.  Aside from the beers, be aware that they do NOT have a normal selection of sodas (neither Coke nor Pepsi products, aside from the Mexican Coca Cola, and nothing diet); everything they have is from a craft bottler out of state.  Again, hipster approved, but not very practical for the masses. After we stumbled through our drink orders, I was almost ready to call it quits and leave.  On top of all of the above, we had a fairly rowdy group of drunken Golden Tee players next to us at the aforementioned communal table and I felt very out of place with a 3 year old and 9 month old.  It was getting late and the kids were already hungry, so we decided to tough it out (my wife did point out that they do have a kids menu) -- and boy, am I glad we did! After spending a good 15 mins reviewing the insane menu, I finally decided on "The Glazed Doughnut", an 8 oz burger with Bacon Jam and American cheese, served between two Krispy Kreme doughnuts.  I'm fairly certain that it took at least a year off of my life, but it was one of the most delicious things that I have ever eaten...not to mention, a pretty cool experience. The wife landed on the "Burger Cordon Bleu", a double Smashmeat burger with bacon and Swiss cheese, breaded and deep fried, and topped with ranch dressing on a potato bun.  While large, it was incredibly delicious.  The light breading gave the burger a nice crunch without being dry or crusty.  We split a basket of handcut fries, which were also very good.  A good combo of crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  My daughter got the Hot Dog Kids Meal and said that it was "yummy." Back to the eclectic menu, we just had to try one of the dessert waffles before leaving and landed on the "I Want Candy" with chocolate chips, ice cream, whipped cream, and a chocolate drizzle.  The waffle was warm and soft, and the combination with the melting ice cream was pretty awesome.  The wife commented that it was like eating a really thick waffle cone sundae.  Great stuff! The restaurant was fairly slow (maybe 20 patrons in total), so service was not a problem.  Food came quickly and no issues with refills.  Tons of TVs in every direction, which was nice given that both NBA and NHL playoffs were in progress, along with the NFL Draft. Interestingly, they also had Big Bang Theory, Castle and Chopped (Food Network) on as well. Great place to grab some pub food with the guys or the wife, NOT a good place for families. To breakdown the 4 Star Rating: Food:  5 Stars Ambiance:  3 Stars Service:  4 Stars I would definitely be back, but NOT with my family.  The menu more than justifies a trip, even if just for take out.
Phenomenal burger. Had the kimmi. Fried were good not great. Awesome selection of beers.
My family and I went out to try the Daytona Taproom last night looking for something new and different. The layout inside is nice and open with nice long pub style tables. The wall is a giant chalkboard which is a great idea but it had really inane things written on it, I've seen better graffiti in a bathroom stall. I also found it strange that they were out of the first beer I ordered even though the beer list was written in chalk. Our sever said it had not been updated in a while. Why have an erasable menu and not update it regularly? Laziness. Service was total crap, spent the night with empty glasses being ignored by our forgetful server. After our dinner, some of our party left and we moved to the bar for more drinks and sat being ignored for 10 minutes while a staff of at least six continued to walk by us. Rude. Most of all, the food was bland and boring. Smothering your food in bacon and sriacha does not make up for serving what tastes like frozen fried chicken patties. This morning after eating dinner at the taproom my family and I have had horrible stomach aches.   Thanks for the bubbleguts.
I consider myself an avid beer drinker, so from me to you, this place has a good beer selection going for them. That being said, the service was less than spectacular.  We waited a good amount of time both to order & for our food to arrive, AND we went on a Tuesday afternoon when they were far from busy. I liked the food and beer but probably won't go back.
Wow! I've never seen a menu so full of burgers with strange combinations of ingredients, but it all works! I had the Glazed Doughnut burger--a 1/2 lb pattie with bacon relish smashed between two Krispy Kreme doughnuts. Greasy and sticky but YUM! Definitely a place you have to try if visiting Daytona and would be a regular visit if we lived here! If you've never been here before, don't look for much guidance from the staff as to where to sit, just take a seat and get ready to enjoy an epic meal.
If I was a 20 something...I would have given this place another star.....but being a married 40 something this place is great for food and beer, but the crowd is definitly a 20 something crowd. We walked in and were underwhelmed ....the kids screaming and playing beer pong was an instant detractor...but we decided to stay. The service was to be expected alot of "yo and dude"...but the guy that served us was nice enough. the beer selection was extensive and quality. I had a Dogfish IPA and the wife had a glss of wine (this is only a beer and wine spot) the drinks were nice....It was so cute when our bartender offered us to take a Beer Shot....but we respectfully declined.... This is where our experience takes a dramatic turn....the burger options were EXTREME!!! The food was amazing and the hand cut fry options were just as wonderful. The food will make you overlook the distrctions of the young rowdy loud crowd.  htis is a great late night/quick stop in place if you want to get a great late night meal.....as long as you are the patient mild mannered type and can tolerate abunch of drunk younguns...
Great selection of beers, amazing food and a friendly staff. This is my favorite place for a burger in Daytona and a great place for a night out!
Great taproom with good selection of craft brews on tap. Even though on this same block, there is also an amazing burger joint.  This new establishment on Seabreeze definitely takes to top of the cake... Why?  Because it opens LATE and it serves an incredible selection of Craft Brews and YUMMY JUICY burgers, from Atkins to heart attack style...The choice is left up to you! Walked in on a Thursday evening, later...probably after 9 already, there were a couple of people in there, nothing too crazy. The chalk wall of brewskis is what catches you attention as soon as you look left.  The wall lists over 40 different craft brews on tap and you can't go in there and not find one you'd like.   Toasted Coconut Porter!  Wow this is a light porter with an amazing touch of toasted coconut in it.  It is refreshing and goes well with anything... The Bacony Bacon Bacon Burger...The name says it all.  Uhhh, it has bacon, bacon, and oh, bacon.  The burger is cooked to perfection and to order.  It is nice and juicy, bite after bite.  The soft potato bun is just so soft and pillowy and not overly toasted.  All burgers served with L, T, & pickles. Side of Truffle fries - Awesome freshly hand cut potatoes with a drizzle of truffle oil and topped with shredded Parmesan cheese.  Tasty, tasty!  Wish it had more truffle oil though, it was definitely just a hint.  But the fries are definitely good, you can't beat freshly cut fries. Oh didn't I say that earlier...Yes, fresh cut...
50 craft beers on tap, probably the best selection in the Daytona area.  That would be enough reason for a beer fan to visit.   The burgers are really really good.  Hand-patted, everything homemade.  Service was also great.  Great spot.
Stopped in the tap room for a rainy late afternoon lunch and oh my goodness were we pleased!! The food here is delicious and inventive! There were 4 of us and we each tried a something different: the Aloha, the Georgia Boy, the Belgian Burger & the Buffalo Burger - each one was heaven!! The ginger wasabi mayo is great to dip the truffle fries into. We will definitely return if we are ever in the area again. My only regret is that we were to full to try any of the desserts.
We came here after reading the great reviews at around 5pm on a weekday, hoping for a fun crowd and good happy hour prices. Pretty small bar, high ceilings... But absolutely NOT ONE customer in the entire place. Two bartenders acted like it was a bother that someone came in. I asked about the drink specials (wasn't impressed) and how much their t shirts were ($20? Really?). We left without ordering anything; I don't know, am just weary of a place with not one customer in it. We walked to the Oyster Pub a couple of blocks away and had a nice time, also bought a great t shirt from the Oyster Pub for $13.
A good friend has been telling me about this place for the past couple of months and I must say I was quite impressed with my first visit here. In fact, on reflection, they may just have the best burgers I've had in this area. My friend had the"Tijuana Peso Girl" and I selected the "Black& Bleu" burger. Both were done to a perfect mid-rare exactly as requested. Fast, friendly service by knowledgeable folks who obviously enjoy what they're doing. The burgers are seared and cooked to order and they'll make them as rare as you like them. This is always a plus for me because I can't think of anything less appetizing than a dry, overcooked burger. The fries are hand-cut fresh to order. You don't see much of that level of freshness anywhere lately. Lots of other menu items available including slider baskets of beef, pork belly or southern fried chicken and one of those will probably be on my selection list during my next visit there. This time, I was able to score a cooks sample of their smoked chicken wings which is a Sunday-only offering. In my opinion, both the wings and the accompanying sauces are a cut above the competition. The Taproom has a wide and very eclectic selection of beers, and wines both domestic and foreign. Check out the rest of the menu and all the stuff I haven't reported here at daytonataproom.com. I believe it will be worth your time to stop by if you're in the area. Bon Apetité "Life's too short for bland food, bad wine, weak coffee or cheap whiskey" Ray
French fries are the real one, all the skin is there! All the beers you can imagine, and the burgher are homage with  high quality meat!
Loved it!!! Great service. Sounds weird, I know, but try the doughnut burger!!! It's so good
We came here to drink and the decision was quite difficult. The bar tender was really cool by letting us try different beers but it was hard for me to find one I really liked. There aren't many light wheat beers here but I decided on the tangerine wheat. Loved it and the bar tender for putting up with my indecisiveness
HOLY COWWWWWWW.. we walked in and honestly, i wasnt too excited. coming south from jersey i was hoping for margaritas and seafood....not happening. what DID happen is that i had the yummiest, juiciest, most UNIQUE burger in my life!! i ordered the cheeseburger with bacon jam(HOLY YUM) on 2 warm glazed krispy kreme doughnuts.....vomit u say???? i beg to differ!!! i had some reservations but i ate EVERY delicious bite, and would absolutley order it again!! awesome concoction and perfectly prepared!!!! Y.U.M.
This place is great for what it tries to do. good burgers and good dogs.  They have a pretty wide selection of beers, and a decent amount of  different burgers.  They post some of the crazy combos that can be found all over the country (the doughnut buger, waffle chicken sandwich, others) and do them well.  It's reasonably priced and overall I loved this place. I killed 5 hours here while waiting for my flight after checking out and I'm glad I chose this place to do it!
I had heard great things about this place, and sadly I was majorly disappointed when I tried it. They seem to have a long list of beers, but unfortunately it's written on a very dark wall, so almost impossible to read, and the waitress didn't know their selection. Then, when trying to order food, everything seemed super greasy, I'm not a health nut by any means, but my arteries started clogging just by looking at the menu. We settled for the sliders and fries, and the burgers were ok, not amazing, the fries were horrible though, thin, mostly skin, too much salt, and overcooked. Now the worst part was when more people started ordering and the place smelled like old used up oil, it was worse than dealing with smokers at dinner.
This is the place to go in Daytona Beach for great burgers and an amazing array of craft beers. Service is top-notch, and they let you sample new beers, as you like.  It's mainly just bar food, but for just burgers and beers, it was excellent.
My wife and I came here during our honeymoon thanks to yelp reviews and we were not disappointed. My wife loved it and exclaimed over and over that it was the best burger she had ever eaten. Let me preface this and say that she is from New Orleans and is a complete food snob, but she was impressed with the taste, portions, wait staff, and beer selection. I absolutely loved the place too. Great beer selection mixed with amazing food. Go here for a great burger and awesome beer.
Place is awesome great food, fantastic staff, was here for most of my time down in Daytona and I will definitely be back. Shot out to Heather she was perfect, made me feel like I was a regular my first visit. Keep up the great work guys!
Amazing beer selection ! Love theor food. Always fresh cute fries (in front of you) friendly staff. Im a semi beer snob so to my dislike some of the staff is not very knowledgable of the beer and its origins or how to compare it. Overall their chicken and waffle sandwhich is to die for! They use a candied bacon and maple mayo...amazeeeee. I absolutely recommend this place while you are in town!!!
The best burger I've ever had! Great feel and vibe. We had a great experience with the bar staff, who were friendly and helpful with drink selection. Epic amount of beers on tap!
Great beer selection and a delicious burger.  I wouldn't go here with my wife and kids, but for my buddy and I who were just looking to sit at the bar and watch sports, it was perfect.
After reading yelp reviews husband and I decided to give it a try. So glad we did! I'm 7 months pregnant so can't drink, but the bartender was helpful with their specialty soda, all from a brewery in Minnesota. My husband had one of their 40 beers on tap. It was the food that won us completely over. We started with buffalo chips, that were fresh cut potatoes covered in bacon, blue cheese crumbles and sirachia buffalo sauce. Amazing! Then we both had burgers, my husband the hair of the dog, and myself the Tijuana Peso girl. Both were cooked to order, so juicy and absolutely delicious. Bartenders were very personable. We will be back next time we are in the area!
Great beer selection, crazy fun food menu. We've been there 3 times during this week already & plan to go before we leave! Friendly staff comfortable atmosphere. A must try for anyone while in Daytona!
Super beer selection !! The decor is a little different,but the food is freaking great !! My new favorite place in town. I will definitely be going back again and again to try some more of the unique menu items .
Poor service and undercooked burger.   Came here because I heard they had great burgers and fries.  First I was surprised that fries don't come with the burgers, you have to order it separate.  The fries that came out were not impressive, it was all different sizes, either too soggy or overcooked (too crispy), and there chunks of potatoes in the basket that just wasn't cooked at all.  As for the burger it was ok, I asked for it to be cooked medium well, the outside of the burger that came out was burnt and the entire insider was pink (I guess this is medium rare), it was somewhat cold and the burnt part actually gave the burger decent flavor, still I asked for it to be cooked medium well. My friend had the flatbread, she said it was too much cheese and not much else.  As for the service, at the beginning the waitress did come out and took the order and brought out drinks fairly quickly but then she disappeared for about a half hour, there was no checking up to make sure if the food was ok or if we needed drink refills.  It took until we were done with the meal for a long time that she came to the table.  That's too bad for her, cause I normally give great tips (if there's a reason for it).   I would recommend this place if you like beer, seems like they have a good variety (that I didn't try, my friends did), lots of seating at the bar, but don't come here for the food.
Another great meal at the Daytona Taproom. We tried the Tijuana Peso Girl and the Trailer Park. Both were great. Fried jalapeños should be an item on the menu. It's a good and bad thing that we live so far away. A must try!
Don't bother with this place. Overpriced mediocore food. It won't be around long.
Great recent addition to Daytona beachside! Super beer on tap selection; the food is very good and best part they serve late!!! In Daytona pretty much unheard of -- very cool spot to hit 11 pm or later when others are long since closed! Get the sliders and hand cut fries, and you'll be very happy u did!!!
FINALLY Daytona Beach has a true GastroPub! I've been a couple of times for lunch with associates from work and I have to tell you the food is AMAZING!! The fries are hand-cut TO ORDER and the burger selection is vast and unique. With an outstanding selection of craft-brewed beer on-tap as well as a large bottle selection, I highly recommend the Daytona Taproom to any of my fellow Beer Knurds who know a thing or two about GREAT food and even better beer! GET THERE!
I could write a book about this gem of a place. I'll keep this short and intriguing. 50 beers, a Gastro-Pub menu that includes a "Man vs Food" burger and a "Happy Hippie" flatbread, along with live music, 9 tv's, dartboards and a pool table, not to mention they have a full menu from 11am-3am. The Amazing staff make the experience! Be there or be square!
For a unique place around here, this place rocks! Our waitress was knowledgable about the beer as well as the food and have us some great recommendations! Our group had the smash meat burger, truffle fries, fried pickles and the breakfast burger and were impressed with it all! I will definitely be going back to try some more items off the menu!
Ordered the Triple Decker GCBLT. I deconstructed it to eat it. I enjoyed all of the parts lol. I wish I would have tried the hand cut fries sooner! They are fantastic!!!
Awesome. Great custom burgers. Cool environment and good beers available. Good prices.
Lots of interesting dishes. My favorite is the fried chicken on a waffle with bacon jam and maple mayo. Many many beers but I'm not a beer drinker. The only thing lacking a good diet coke.  Service sometimes is sketchy.
Best burger I've had in a long time! I got the cordon bleu burger and fries. The staff were all wicked friendly and nice. The atmosphere was cool. There's a pool table and foosball table. Everything was really fresh and made to order. Definitely would go back again.
From standing outside, to walking inside. This place is fantastic and surely a place that Daytona Beach needs. There is no smoking so while walking in you get an awesome aroma of food that they have to offer. Starting from the kitchen I must say that the food is fantastic. everything is hand prepared(the kitchen is visible.) Its cool you can speak with the cooks while they're cooking your food and it is a plus that they are really fun to talk to without even having to start a conversation with them. One of the only things I can say is that it does take maybe 20-25 minutes for a burger and fries when busy with only one to two cooks, but worth it.  All the beer is awesome unfortunately they have NO liquor, beer and wine only. Bartenders are on the quiet and reserved side. very smooth running early on. As the evening went on is when things began to fall apart. It seemed to me when it became busy maybe(35 people) the 5 bartenders that were there looked like they lost all control. Unfortunately the night I was there the bathrooms backed up and we had to be tunneled through the back to use the employee restroom. This was not a big deal at all until I noticed all the cleaning supplies(brooms, mops, detergents, etc.) stored directly next to food goods (bread, condiments, straws, etc.) and the cockroach that hurried along the floor back underneath a trash can. Having said that I don't think I will visit again or at least until the bug problem is gone. :(
Just went to the taproom today first the pluses I had the balcony burger excellent juicy cooked med rare the way I asked the fresh cut fries also very good much better than frozen plenty of bacon in and on burger the cook was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu now the minuses they don't serve any diet cola I had to settle for reg coke from Mexico go figure as I entered I sat down at the bar near the grill there was someone's food sitting on the bar as it turned out this was my waitresses food she saw me enter didn't come in until I had already got all info I needed from the cook she had been sitting outside smoking finally she comes in and asks me what I want doesn't even introduce herself by name and doesn't tell me she is my server the cook had done her job then she sits down next to me and continues to eat and she tells me that the Mexican coke cola is better for me because it uses cane sugar the taproom need to train this server to greet guests properly and not to be eating her lunch at the bar otherwise food and menu are great
