This place is amazing. Food is great, service was great, price was also very reasonable. Fast friendly service and a quality product. The mushroom Swiss burger is awesome! The sweet potato fries with sweet tai ketchup was also an amazing appetizer and it was bottomless. Keep up the good work red robin I will be back! Even the salad was amazing my wife also ordered the southwest chicken salad N she said it was best she had. Red robin has something to offer for anybody including the pickiest of eaters. I recommend this place for a quality dinner!
It's been a while since this happened, but I just got yelp...We haven't been back... My fiance got some chili...  Served with a spray nozzle from, Lord only knows what kind of chemical, added for extra flavor.... Yeah, no thanks... And they didn't even comp anything for us...really? Def lost our business....
Great place to eat ! At first I thought it was only a hamburger type place I was very surprised at the menu once we were seated. Great food I will be going back! There are many places to shop before and after eating very nice location.
Great service, food is always hot!
Cold food, weak drinks, slow service.  Their idea of Mac and cheese is to take macaroni and melt cheese on top of it and that's it.   When the bartender starts making a drink by pouring the mix first, that will tell you that is not gonna be good. Drinks were so weak it was like drinking mix; could not taste the alcohol at all on the drinks.   I've been to many Red Robins but this was the most disappointing visit I've vet had to any one of their restaurants.  Save your money an go else where.
My husband and I  both enjoy Red Robin burgers and their loyalty program is great. There is a RR located closer to our home, but we are on the fence about that one. We travel quite a bit and have stopped in at the Port Orange restaurant on numerous occasions. We have consistently received top notch service from the staff. The food, as always has been yummmm. My 'Shroom burger was loaded with mushrooms and no one can complain about unlimited steak fries. The freckle lemonade here is 10x better than the one near our house. I had my birthday burger on my loyalty card during this visit which I had totally forgotten about. Our server wished me a happy birthday then later brought out a birthday ice scream accompanied by a song. :-) The restaurant is clean and welcoming. We will continue to visit during our travels. Still hoping that our local RR will step it up a notch or 5.
It more than great food. It is the atmosphere, friends, connections and good times that occurs here!
I love RR, because I can eat here comfortably with my carnivore husband and still glory in my vegetarian self. They have two different kinds of veggie burgers. I usually get the vegan boca burger with guacamole. I also appreciate them offering whole wheat buns AND lettuce wraps in lieu of a bun to cut down on carbs. ps: you can get ANY of their burger inventions made with veggie burgers
Typical chain food BUT I do get cravings for their veggie burgers! My favorite is the Whiskey River BBQ version on lettuce instead of a roll! It's messy but delicious! Also their normal & sweet potato bottomless fries are pretty great!
I am changing my review to 5-stars which sounds kind of silly for a run of the mill chain restaurant, I know. However. On my last visit I thought "hmm...wouldn't it be awesome if they could put a hamburger on top of a salad?"  I realize I am not fooling anyone with any supposed health benefits in this scheme, but I like salads, and I don't particularly care for Red Robbin's fries and it seemed like it could be a great compromise. I asked if the kitchen could do this and the waitress explained to me that they actually used to have something on their menu called "Burger & Greens", which is basically a hamburger with sauteed mushrooms and onions on top of a green salad.  YES!  This really was the best thing, ever.  A juicy hamburger on top of a crisp salad with tomatoes and cucumbers and cheese and creamy dressing.  It was perfect. Well... maybe it could have used some croutons.  But still...it was *exactly* what I wanted and I cannot think of where I have ever experienced that in a restaurant in my life.
When I found out they were opening a Red Robin in Port Orange, less than 3 miles from my mom's house, I was super excited! I'd always heard great things about their burgers and was excited to try them out. My mom and I have gone multiple times since they have opened and we really enjoy it! They are a little pricey, but not any worse than getting a burger and fries at Chili's or Fridays. PLUS, Red Robin gives you bottomless fries - so you can have as many as you want. We also found out that ANY of their standard sides are bottomless. So if you get cole slaw or steamed broccoli you can have as much of those as you want as well. Also, they have bottomless drinks (aka free refills) on sodas, their lemonade and limeade, AND their root beer floats. Yep, you read that right, bottomless root beer floats. And if you ask nicely they will let you share one and even put it in two smaller glasses. On our most recent visit we noticed that they had changed the menu format. After a little while we noticed that was the only change. They now have new dipping sauces for their fries. They have about 6 that you can get for no charge and 3 that are an up-charge. I tried one (I can't remember what it was called) that was a mix of ranch dressing and bbq sauce. It was pretty delish. Another change is that your burger and fries now comes out on a plate instead of in a basket. I think this is a good change because I always had a rough time eating out of the basket because there wasn't really enough room for all the food. Plus there wasn't anywhere to safely put your ketchup without it getting all over everything in the basket. So good move on the plates guys! The one thing that didn't change was the food. It was all cooked to order and delicious! This paired with the bottomless options and great service makes it a great place to eat. The restaurant itself is a little loud (noise wise and because of all the stuff everywhere), but the good service and food makes up for it. I wouldn't want to go here every time I wanted a burger, but its great for a treat every once in awhile.
I was excited when I walked into this place. It looks cool and the menu looks really good. Howevveeerrrr... The Bleu Ribbon burger sucked. It was super soggy. The bun was a weird yellowy cheap-garlic-bread tasting thing. It was repulsive. I ordered the spiked grasshoper shake. This was not a shake. It was thin green milk with enough vodka to drown a Russian man. It tasted really gross. The fries and onion rings were good. The one sauce is a bootleg chik-fil-a honey bbq, which is great, but too bad my stomach felt like crap due to green milk and soggy garlic bread burger thing. I am not impressed. Shame on you Red Robin, $50 for two people and it was gross. Service was slow and took forever to get my check and debit card processed. Just crap.
The only burger place that teases us with their commercials, yet doesn't build one in the Palm Beach county area.  So, when my wife and I went on vacation a couple of weeks ago, we had to stop here.  This restaurant was right off I-95, so how could you say no? I wish I would have taken a few pictures of what they served me, but their onion ring tower and dipping sauces are fantastic!   They have so many different types of burgers to try out, and one of the few burger places that has a full bar. I couldn't complain about the service, and for what you get, the prices are pretty reasonable.
Seeing as this visit to Red Robin was and always will be my first experience with the restaurant chain, I have to give this Daytona location 5 stars. Although I had heard a lot of good things about Red Robin and their burgers, I honestly wasn't quite sure what the whole experience was about. Now that I have experienced how delicious and epic their burgers are, I definitely know what all of the fuss is about. Not only was my California-inspired burger delicious, but it even came with these amazing bottomless wedge fries. And the size of the burger itself was impressive, I honestly remember not being hungry again for about six hours after our late lunch at Red Robin that day, which for me is very rare. As far as the location is concerned, this Red Robin is located in a brand new mega-plaza that isn't too far from where my parents recently relocated to. The layout of this plaza is reminiscent of a few of them in the Orlando area, and to me the way the parking is situated around the buildings is recipe for pedestrian disaster. However, because Red Robin is so awesome, I think I am willing to overlook the fact that the location itself might be difficult at peak times. All in all, I will probably go back to this location again soon as I had an enjoyable experience (and hey, there is a Cold Stone's next door as well!)
I was told that this restaurant started in Washington, and they just expanded to the East Coast..so far, this is the only Red Robin in Florida from what I heard! I loved the decorations, the wall was so artsy that I kept getting distracted, the booths were so fun too to sit in, great atmosphere. Their raspberry drink (not sure the full name) was soooooooooooo good, my friend got it and I had to mooch off it. Their food was delicious, friend got chicken sandwich and told me Red Robin's famous for its sandwich, it was HUGE and it also amazed me it only took him like 4 bites to eat that gigantic sandwich, probably will take me a good hour to swallow it. Our appetizer which was the Artichoke dip ....so tasty that I had to dip my rice in it too later lol I wish they'd open a Red Robin in Orlando!!!!!!
I ordered the burnin love burger.  It was fantastic!! It was spicy but not to overbearing.  The cornmeal kaiser roll it came on and the chipotle aioli was yummy.  The endless fries were hot and fresh.  The service was great too.  I've been to this restaurant several times and I've never been disappointed
The little foodie in me is a little embarrassed to admit this, but what the heck, I love Red Robin and especially their burgers. Yes, they're a chain, but they happen to be one of the better ones out there for burgers and the like. Unfortunately, I live in Orlando, and since this is the closest one, I can't frequent it as much as I'd like. I was first introduced to Red Robin when I went to school in Seattle, where it was born. There, I tried several different kinds, and my favorites have been and will most likely remain to be these three: 1. The Royal Red Robin Burger: I love my burger topped with a fried egg. 2. Whiskey River BBQ Chicken Sandwich/Burger: What makes it amazing is the BBQ sauce, and the crispy onion straws. 3. Crispy Arctic Cod Sandwich: This will vary greatly between the different chain locations since fish is such a fickle ingredient. I have never actually tried this outside of Washington State. The other burgers that I've tried haven't been bad, but they have just been okay. I always look forward to trying a different kind next time the moment I am getting ready to leave this place. Maybe one day I would have tried all of them. Two of the largest bonuses in addition to their great burgers, are the bottomless steak fries and bottomless drinks. Which means that if you are incredibly hungry and thirsty going in, you will most definitely leave incredibly full and hydrated (well, this depends on what you were drinking, I suppose). They also have a bar area for those who are over 21 years of age, but I have honestly never tried their alcoholic beverages or sat at the bar, so I cannot speak to this. I've always been too focused on their burgers and sandwiches. This particular restaurant is comparable to those I've been to on the West Coast. I haven't had terrible service, and the ambience is typical. Is it worth the drive from Orlando? Just for them, probably not. But I have made it a point to drop by when I am on that side of town, or realize that I will be passing through Port Orange on the way to my actual destination. And I would suggest that to anyone that asks as well.
Love this place for good burgers! They have bottomless fried too which are delicious with the seasoning they have on the table. It is a bit pricey but it will fill you up! I get the Swiss burger every time & I have no complaints!
I was excited to visit Red Robin after seeing all of the advertisements on TV about the burgers. Here is what I liked: you are able to completely customize your burger experience. From the type of bun, down to the cook on the burger, cheese, toppings, and sauces, the options are endless. The service on the other hand could've been better as we went for extended periods without our waitress stopping by. However, do not expect to have a peaceful dinner as it is very loud inside the restaurant.
It's impossible not to like a place that receives the Zagat award for best burgers! But since Red Robin is a chain, one would expect that it's the same great food across the board. And it likely is. What sets this one off, then, is the service. On each of our visits, we've never had our glasses get empty, and our food arrived exactly as ordered rather quickly, despite the crowd. Worth a visit!
I LOVE Red Robin. I have never had a bad experience at one.  There aren't many Red Robin's in Florida, but I hear they are expanding to MIami and to Orlando (2012).  We planned a trip to Daytona and so this Red Robin was a must. We waited about 20 mins, but that was not bad for peak Saturday night dinner hours.  The acoustics in this particular location was better than others.   Our food was tasty.  The onion ring tower is great (ask for extra ranch sauce).  The spinach and artichoke appetizer is also great.  I always get the Red Robin Bacon Cheeseburger.  So I can't help with entree orders too much.  My friends did like their chicken and veggie burgers.   Good to note: The endless fries always seems like a good idea, but it may not always be.  My suggestion is to get an extra thing of fries and add it to your to-go box.  Add some of the Red Robin seasoning on the fries too.
We have visited Red Robin two weeks in a row and both times its been amazing. These burgers live up to the hype. They are juicy and filled with flavor. The fries are seasoned well and taste great. We started with the Tower Of Onion Rings and the rings are crunchy and big in size. You can tell they are fresh and not frozen. Don't forget to order a Freckled Lemonade, very refresing and the strawberries are sweet and delicious. The service is top notch. Our waitress was very attentive even though the place was packed. I give the service an A++! Hopefully they will open one in Orlando, I think it would be a great success.
I have eaten at Red Robins during trips up north from Orlando.  I always thought they were interesting because of the different kind of burgers you can choose from.  But the atmosphere and the service have been very good each time I have gone into one and the one in Port Orange did not dissapoint! I like the A1 Peppercorn Burger best.  They have unlimited fries but I try to stay away from those as much as possible.  They server steak fries and they are very good. I give the restaurant 5 stars because the food is always good at RR but this particular location is new and kept very clean.  I highly recommend the drive from Orlando since there are no locations closer than this one.  From the Winter Springs area, it took around 50 minutes or so.
Came to eat here while visiting my uncle. It was my first time since they don't have one in Miami where I live. The freckled lemonade was soooooo good. They put real sliced strawberries at the bottom of the glass which adds to the flavor. The burgers are delicious but a little spicy. I had the turkey burger and the sauce that comes with it leaves a spicy aftertaste. The service is excellent, fast and nice. The tower of onion rings is so cute, one of the best onion rings I've had. Whenever I visit my uncle again I  plan on returning.
Red Robin is a very cool place to have a relaxing, casual meal!  There's a sandwich for everyone - even vegetarians.  There are fun drinks and a cool, family-oriented crowd.  It's a convenient spot to hit up before or after a movie.  Plenty of parking and if you join their fan club via their website, you can rack up some pretty cool offers.  Food doesn't knock your socks off, but you can have a pretty good meal and fun times!
I love RED ROBIN.  My wife and I have been watching our diets and love eating here.  Why?  Its the only restaurant that serves a mean chicken sandwich on lettuce instead of bread!   It makes a great sandwhich that way and the calories ( points) are a bare minimum.   The service is top shelf!  The restaurant is always clean and orderly!   The whole staff makes you feel welcome.   Originally we ate for the very first time in a RED ROBIN in the mid-west.  I think it was in Indiana or Illinois.  We were traveling by car to Indiana and were hungry but could not find anywhere to eat except RR.  We went inside and loved it!   Then upon coming back home a RR opened close t where my wife works in Port Orange! We are big fans of RR needless to say!  Next I want to get my  sister-in-law Sue and brother-in-law Al into a RR.  They  will love it!
Came here for lunch with the family and enjoyed the atmosphere. The location itself is new and decorated with the theme of the place. As busy as it was, we were sat at a booth and were greeted promptly by our server. The menu is extensive and offers various options for burgers and entrees. A HUGE PLUS is the option to choose a vegetarian patty on any of their burger selections!! Their drink selection is also great, including non-alcoholic drinks. I noticed theirs a beer milkshake page; looked interesting, and will probably try next time. I'll be back for another gourmet burger.
This was my time at a Red Robin. I have to say it was worth the 2 and a half hour drive from Palm Bay. The food was amazing and our server Jenell was very friendly and inviting. The Kaluha Jamaican milkshake is the bomb!! I will deffinately be back and recommend Red Robin to friends!
Burgers here are very good!  Generous size and bun is fresh.  Fries are free refills - and are thick cut steak fries (very tasty).  Love the cajun seasoning for the fries. Been here twice and enjoyed it both times - a third trip is in the near future!
Been there done that - but not really needing to go again. I think its a "when in Rome situation" for Red Robin, we were in the area so checked it out. Service: 4.0 Seated promptly, servers are efficient and friendly. The Manager tag-teamed the serving with our server as the establishment was very busy. Burger: 3.5 (I had the A1 Peppercorn Burger) I guess I was expecting a gourmet type burger experience, it is okay, meat is fresh etc., Bun was fine...but truthfully the burger tasted bleh (just mediocre) not great - not bad either. Onion Rings 5.0  - by far probably some of the best onion rings I have ever tasted French Fries: 2.5 - these are EXACTLY like the McCain Frozen Steak Fries..... Clam Chowder: 3.2 a bit better than mediocre canned soup - but nothing spectacular soup-wise...a bit like Campbells clam chowder (in taste and consistency) with some extra clam bits thrown in  (would be the best description) Freckled Lemonade: 3.5 - a bit on the sweet side but certainly enjoyable still Slaw: 3.0: mediocre / bland slaw Our server was busy so I only had one refill on my drink and between the burger, fries and onion rings and the drink being HALF ice - it wasn't enough service to wash down the meal (so that was disappointing).   All in all - I guess I am glad I went since there aren't too many Red Robin locations, but now that I have been there done that - I will be trying somewhere else now.
What's not to like about cheeseburgers and endless fries.   Lots of different choices in burgers.  Also some salads, chicken dishes, and other choices.  But if you come here, you are probably wanting a burger.   Tonight's visit didn't disappoint.  A Red Robin (RR) Gourmet Burger cooked perfectly.  My wife ordered a lettuce wrapped burger.  My kids surprised me.  One picked the pizza which she loved.  My other daughter picked Mac & Cheese which was also good.  And my son wanted the hot dog but we directed him to the chicken strips which were good.   Endless fries and bottomless soft drinks are always a good thing.   Interesting note...  Five Guys is right across the street.  Haven't been to that location.  Curious how there biz is doing.  RR is always seems to be busy.  At least no wait on Sunday night. Now if I can just get RR to open a location up here in JAX!
I am one picky customer when it comes to this place, but they never failed to get my order correct. Not to mention with a smile on their faces. Very pleasant experiences here :)
Cold food. Weak drinks When the bartender starts making a drink by pouring the mix so she can hide the amount of alcohol she is not putting in, well that's not a good sign. Their idea of making Mac and Cheese is to take boiled macaroni and melt a couple of American cheese slices on the microwave.   The service was horrible and it took for ever to be the bartender to take the drink and food order.   Save yourself the grief and go else where.  I have been to many Red Robins and this was the most disappointing visit ever to any other I've ever been to
Last night my wife and I placed a to-go order of Fish and Chips to be delivered to House4Beer where we were going to have a few drinks.  I've been to this Red Robin a lot, so after 30 mins went by with no food I knew something was up.  I walked back over to see what happened.  The guy who took our order (I'm assuming the manager) saw me and immediately apologized.  About 5 minutes later our food was delivered fresh and hot at House4Beer along with a gift card!  Out of all of the times we've been there we've ALWAYS had excellent service and this one tiny mistake wouldn't have been enough to erase that, but I had to comment on the step above and beyond that this person took.  I've never had anything less than excellent food and service at Red Robin in Port Orange.
A road trip isn't complete without having some lunch.  We haven't even been to the one that is closest to us yet and I'm sure we'll make an appearance one day.  The place can spell out heart attack or healthy grubbing depending on which way you go.  The onion rings and mozzarella sticks came out to be a crunchy and fried start with some delicious dipping sauces.  It was topped off with a burger and a wrap split among the two of us.  The Whiskey River BBQ chicken wrap was so yummy filled with cheddar cheese, tortilla chips, and ranch dressing without lettuce bunched up in between.  It came with bottomless steak fries with both of our meals and we weren't crazy enough to go for a second round.  Sign up for the Red Royalty club and you'll get e-mail perks for your future visits.  Go Reeeeedd Roooobbbiiin!
Brand new location! Really good service (complete with cheesy table touchin'!) and tasty food. Boyfriend digs on their burgers and Red Robin seasoning. It's pretty good.   I enjoy their strawberry lemonades. The mac n cheese left something to be desired (OK, well, a lot..) but that's probably because I prefer my mac n cheese in a cream sauce and not just hunks of cheese on top of pasta. Otherwise I would have been more of a fan. Their burgers are good too...tried a bite of the bf's burger and it was mighty tasty. I'd come back here again for sure. Bathrooms were clean too.
Server was quick, beer was tall! Ordered up an A.1 peppercorn burger and it was delicious. The peppercorn sauce was really good and flavor full, a little sweet but still great!
i had the vegan burger its just a boca burger. It was dry and tasted like cardboard. I only ate 2 bites.
We have a Red Robin about 30 minutes away, but yet we usually go when we are in Port Orange visiting my mother-in-law. It's hard for me to eat healthy here, but the food is always really good.
I went with my family after hearing people rave about it. It's not bad food but frankly Five Guys puts together a better burger and its cheaper. I guess my biggest issue was price. I walked out having ordered three burgers with fries and drinks and with tip killed a fifty dollar bill. That's a fair bit of cash for a burger.
Today was my first time on that restaurant and was very good and the service is excellent I really recommend this place at anytime
Good burgers
This new location is great! The waitress we had was really friendly and funny. I got the Bleu Ribbon burger which was soooo good. Sometimes I wish they had less selection because it's so hard to make a decision! My boyfriend took advantage of the bottomless root beer floats, and I got my fill of the bottomless fries. It's an excellent choice if you want burgers that are unique and delicious and you want to walk away feeling stuffed and don't mind paying ~$12 a person +tip. I wish it was a bit cheaper. Although that would probably be really bad for my health...
Went here yesterday to celebrate a birthday. I had the caprese salad (it's new on the menu) and it was scrumptious. Fresh greens, chicken cooked just right, and balsamic sauce was drizzled nicely, and I ordered the dressing on the side.  The waitress was just the right amount attentive. Fun decor, good food. And the waitstaff came and sang Happy Birthday to our birthday boy and he got a free hot fudge sunday which we passed around the five of us...
Cold burger,soggy fries, and a deaf waiter!
They play commercials all the time up in jacksonville but the nearest one is here in port orange. My wife and I stopped in on the way to orlando and we're not disappointed. She had the banzai burger and I had the burning love one. We're sad we won't get to come again for a while because we're both hooked.
Great service. I have nothing but high praise for that. I ordered a cheeseburger and I rather didn't like the combination that went wtth this patty...but I can tell I should have ordered the mushroom one....but for the price, it's not bad at all. I much rather pay 9 bucks for a BEEF patty here than go to McDonalds pay 6 bucks for whatever they put in it. I took my nephew here for his birthday once and he loved it.
This visit so far has sucked. Our waiter Jeremy, as nice as he was, was completely clueless about the food served here. We ordered zucchini & fried jalepenos for appetizers & there were 3 pieces of zucchini in the whole order ($5 per appetizer, so 3 pieces for $5) that came to the table. Drinks ran dry more than once & the boca burgers were dry & tasteless even with the bruschetta salsa. The steak fries were soggy & over salted. My bf got sick halfway thru eating & went to the bathroom to leave his meal rt where it must have come from. The mgr did come to the table & offered to change the order to something diff but there is really only 1 main meal item on their menu that we could eat & by that time we were disgusted & sick to our stomachs so we just paid the tab & left. I left what I'd eaten beside my car in the parking lot. Now we r headed home to lay down & try to nurse our upset tummies. Ugggg. The sweet tea & sweet potato fries were ok tho.
