Definitely one of the best restaurants in Daytona Beach. Our waiter was incredible. The filet was amazing and the wine selection is excellent. Location and atmosphere are also wonderful pluses to the experience.
What an amazing dinner tonight! We were looking for a good restaurant with a nice wine list and we were not disappointed. Christopher was our waiter and he had spot-on suggestions and had amazing knowledge. Our entire evening was beyond our expectations. From the moment we walked in we were treated so graciously - a true Italian meal. A must try if you are looking for a nice experience.
The Cellar is one of our favorite restaurants. The food is always wonderful. We LOVE the veal and the seafood dishes.The staff is excellent and Lena the owner is there watching over everything and making sure you have your experience meets your expectations.
Excellent food, wine & dessert! We loved the ambiance and the wine list- finest dining in Daytona Beach!
I love the ambiance of this restaurant in both of its very different rooms. Downstairs is intimate (although it can get noisy) and not at all cellar-like because of the clever use of backlit stained glass windows. Upstairs is light and airy, like eating in a conservatory surrounded by flowers and shrubs. The food and wines are mostly traditional Italian, and the ingredients are fresh. Service is impeccable, and the proprietress keep a sharp lookout to make sure it stays that way. A terrific fine dining experience.
We visited The Cellar today after reading the reviews on Yelp! I regret to say it does not provide the five-star food some others rave   about. I have eaten in many excellent Italian restaurants in New York, Boston, and various areas of Italy. The Cellar tries hard, but it falls short. Let me elaborate: -Service: well-trained staff with excellent attention to detail. -Decor: old-fashioned and stuffy. I thought I was at my 80-year-old grandmother's house. It is clean and tidy, but it is not very current. -Food: definitely, it was good, but not fabulous. The menu is not very inventive and needs updating. This is what we had: 1. Salumi Assortiti con Verdure della Casa: this was a nice starter. The meat selection was excellent and well presented. 2. Risotto con Granchio e Gamberi: it had plenty of crab, but the shrimp was so overcooked, I felt I was eating pebbles. I gently mentioned this to the waiter. Consequently, the owner came over and explained to me it had to be overcooked to get the flavor of the shrimp in the risotto. She said next time I should ask for the fish to be undercooked. Honestly, I was a little put off by this explanation. Being a trained chef myself, I felt this was a ridiculous explanation. Next time, try using a good fish stock to flavor the risotto and cook the shrimp properly! 3. Papardelle con Salsiccia: it had good flavor and the pasta was well cooked. 4. Dessert: the flourless chocolate tort was tasty, and the tiramisu was light--but not as strongly flavored with coffee.
Today was our 5th wedding anniversary so I decided to take my wife to The Cellar.  I called around 5pm to see how late they were open and the lady on the phone said that they closed at 10 but that I needed a reservation.  I put down our name for 8:30 and as soona we got there our table was ready. It was both of our first time there but it didn't take me long to realize why we needed the reservation. This restaurant appears to be in the basement of on old house, however it is nicely decorated.  There are only about eleven or twelve tables and there is not much privacy since all tables are right next to each other since it is such a small space. Diego was our server and he was fantastic. He introduced himself and shortly after brought us our drinks. We ordered Portobello con Gorgonzola as an appetizer with was really good. For an entrée my wife ordered the Fettuccine con Salmone Affumicato and she loved it! I ordered the daily special which was rabbit with a demi glaze which was delicious but a bit overpriced. We finished up with Torta di Pane for dessert and coffee. Overall we had a great dinner- service was amazing, and the food was delicious.   We will be back for sure!
This is our go to special occasion dinner spot, because everything is perfect about The Cellar, from the ambiance, to the food, to the staff. As many times as we have ate here we have never been disappointed with anything. We usually get one of the specials, but do have a few favorites.... Gnocchi alla Bolognese, Filetto al Barolo e Porcini, Dentice alla Romana and last but certainly not least, the Torta Di Cioccolata. Thank you for bringing New York fine dining to our little town, please never leave!
I have to start with references to two other "yelps": (1) You can read a review of the first time my wife and went to "The Cellar" a few months ago (her moniker is "Linda R"  .... we REALLY liked it. (2) You can read the yelp by "Jenny T" who "hits the nail on the head" when she says " ... Ok, so maybe it wouldn't be a 5-star restaurant in New York City, but it definitely is the best place around here."  I would add Boston and New Orleans but it's still hands down the best restaurant in the Daytona Beach area.  In the three years since I moved from Boston I haven't found anything even close. Mother's Day with a special menu started with appetizers of "House made fettuccine with artichokes in a Portabela ragu" and Linda ordered the I was offered a sprinkling of Parmesan on my dish but after tasting it I said "No" .. the flavors were so subtle and nuanced that I thought the cheese would overwhelm.  Linda thought I should have gotten the cheese but we both thought it was wonderful.   Now we go to the main course and here is where we have a problem ..... not a bad problem but a problem.  The main courses were just good.  Not bad, but not "knock your sox off" which being from Boston I was hoping for. WILL go back and you should, but I feel as if they are just close to "great".
This restaurant was the highlight of our trip to Daytona. The hostess Lina was a delight to talk to. The food is outstanding and the service unparalleled. We started with the polenta and the Caprese salad. Both were beautifully done and tasted really good. My wife had the Duck special with a side of the Porcini risotto. Both were wonderfully cooked. I had the Osso Buco. I can tell you I try it wherever I go. This is one of the best I had in my life. If we ever go to Daytona beach again, The Cellar will be on the top of our list.
Overall we had a wonderful although drawn out dinning experience.  The Cellar offers a beautiful and upscale setting in a historic home.  The food was good.  Our group had various plates of pasta, risotto and meat dishes. All the dishes were well present with reasonable portions of food.   Our only complaint would be that the service was extremely slow with sometimes more than 20-30 mins between servings, after the previous course plates were cleared.  Dinner took 2.5 hours and the restaurant was not even full.  The bill came just south of $300.00 for four. Another issue I have is that I tried to book through Opentable.com and it showed no availability.  I called and I was told tables were available but not through Opentable.  What?  Either you are on Opentable or your not.  I guess they use it as a marketing tool.  Unfair to diners that like the convenience of using on-line apps rather than having to call directly. Overall, it is one of the very few great options for true dining in Daytona Beach but I think I preferred Toscanos in Ormond Beach.  I did their review on OpenTable...
My hubby and I ate there a few years ago, and then celebrated our 1st wedding anniversary there last week. I can't say enough good about it. The service is impeccable, as is every morsel of food. We shared the appetizer with crab and shrimp salad. Then the rabbit pasta. Wow! Then the salmon with caper berries. Each of these dishes was made with so much skill and heart that it made for a perfect experience.
Difficult. Pain in the @$$. Picky. I have been called a number of things when it comes to Italian food.  In all fairness, most are true.  When "homemade" pasta tends to all magically look the exact same size, or when the tiny specks of tomatoes are all perfectly diced and manage to achieve that horifying "tinny" quality I abhor (suggesting it came out of the finest can), I just feel irritation.  In fact, any such warning sign just clearly indicates to me the only version of fresh that restaurant knows is fresh off the shelf at the local grocery store.  This is not acceptable.  That being said, there is no treat greater than finding the right Italian eatery.  You know the one that is worth indulging in 50 pounds of carbohydrates slathered in a delicate, savory sauce.  For me, the latest find in Italian perfection was found in Daytona Beach.  The Cellar is one of the unique finds that manages to combine history (it is the seasonal home of Present Warren Harding), with beauty (brightly colored stained glass windows), and impeccable Italian cuisine.  It also doesn't hurt that their wine menu is varied and well versed enough to offer a range from a divine Italian varietal to a classic Californian cab.     It isn't quite traditional Italian, but they do still manage to offer a hearty hot loaf of bread alongside a little decanter of olive oil to start the meal.  Specials like a succulent lobster appetizer with mango and avocado may not conjure up memories of your latest trip to Italy, but they are so fresh and delectable it just doesn't matter.  Another interesting special choice one of my dining partners loved was a savory butternut squash soup with smoked salmon, and gooey fresh mozzarella. As for the regular menu items, the carpaccio di manzo was simplistic but delightful, served with arugula, shaved parmigiano, fennel, baslamic vinaigrette.  The pastas too are swoon-worthy in their own right, and on my latest visit I couldn't resist the dense papardelle swimming in a creamy basil pesto, topped with generously decadent portions of crab meat.  It was phenomenal!  The seafood risotto is also superb, with perfectly al dente risotto served with heaping servings of fresh crab and shrimp.  If you are one of the brave who can make room for an entree (since a typical Italian meal has both the Primi pasta and Secundi main), their meats are incredibly tender and an homage to the less is more phoilosophy.  Never bedragled by a laundry list of gourmet incredients, instead they focus on using a couople of quality ingredients.  For example, the Fred Flinestone-esque rack of lamb served in a Marasala wine and demi glace sauce.   Service can take a while, even when they aren't that crowded, so be sure to plan your evening accordingly.  However, the servers are always very friendly and helpful.  Also, just to note, they tend to be sticklers about reservations, so I wouldn't recommend just swinging by.  They MAY find a table but they seem a bit hassled to do so.  That being said, this is an wonderful option in Daytona, with some truly high end Italian cuisine, and very fresh ingredeients.
This is a review that is long overdue.  I visited several months ago and drafted a review that I never completed.  Ordinarily I would have just moved on, but in the case of the Cellar, I felt it merits the review.  While I was in town on business, I would have loved to have brought my wife.  The restaurant is in an Old Home and the food is phenomenal.   To tell you how much I enjoyed my meal, I can still remember months later that I had the Osso Buco.  As it should be it was fork tender, and loaded with flavor. Local or visitor, this is a great date night pick.
There's no other restaurant in Daytona Beach, Fla. if you want a relaxing, romantic, delicious Italian meal.  The beautiful old home that The Celler shares had a warm period lamp on the third floor, beckoning diners.  Just a few steps down, and we entered into the anteroom to the one-room eating area.  What strikes you first are the complex jewel-toned stained-glass windows surrounding the room.  What strikes you second is the lovely smile of the owner (wife) as she guides you back to the table.  Having just eaten in another terrific Italian restaurant in New Smyrna where the owner grimaced over the crowd and din in her tiny place, I was happy to be welcomed so nicely. We shared a pepperoni and cheese stuffed smoked red pepper and salad combo and both had pastas.  Nice portions, one was smoked salmon with sweet baby peas - aromatic and creamy - and the other was a ravioli with minced lobster and crab in a spicy tomatoe sauce. The service was endearing, the wine list was diverse and affordable. Loved it...would go back again and again!
I am really surprised this place only has 2 reviews so far! Ever since my mum read our local newspaper down here and saw the review for "The Cellar" we've been going there...for several years now. For those who do not know, the cellar is actually President Warren G. Harding's old house/basement which has been converted into a restaurant by a husband and wife team, the Moggio's. They are both very kind and knowledgeable when it comes to Italian cuisine. Sometimes they take trips to Italy so make sure to call in advance to see when they will be open. Reservations are a must! The wine list is really extensive and they always go out of their way to make you feel at home.  The owner recognized my mother and I after only a few trips when we first started going, and they were both pretty spread out visits. :) What to order here? Well anything is really really good. I love seafood but I also love veal and both their seafood and veal dishes are excellent here. It's expensive, but you get what you pay for--quality food and service. We'll probably keep coming back to The Cellar for as long as we can. The only downside is sometimes the wait times can be slow but it's such a small family-operation that it's almost kind of expected to be that way sometimes. But our dinner tonight was very efficient! Kudos!
I've been looking forward to visiting the Cellar for months based upon reviews in the exceptional reviews in Yelp. I was not disappointed. The restaurant is set up on two levels in a historic house in old downtown Daytona Beach. The main dining area is actually a short flight of stairs lower than street level (thus The Cellar). My wife and I sat on the street level since she is on crutches. We had arranged this with our reservation. The street level dining offers about eight tables that are well lit by ambient light through several beautiful windows. The kitchen is also on this level. We enjoyed our table very much but the downstairs is definitely the premium seating. The food and service were excellent. They offer a wide variety of pasta dishes as well as other entrees. My wife ordered the Osso Bucco braised lamb and I ordered one of the day's specials--halibut. Both were "throw your head back" outstanding! We paired the dinner with Conundrum Red (they have a very respectable wine list) and finished the meal with Cioccolatissimo--a delectable chocolate cake with molten chocolate center topped with either vanilla or hazelnut gelato. We can't wait to go back! Dinner served Tuesday through Sunday 5:00-10:00. Reservation strongly recommended.
The Cellar is by far the nicest restaurant I have been to in Daytona.  As a visitor from the Philadelphia area, over the years I thought I had tried all the decent restaurants around- in the Daytona area there is no shortage of casual seafood places, cheap italian pizza/pasta joints and chain restaurants...but very little in the way of fine dining.  I was so happy to discover the Cellar! The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated with white tablecloths, stained glass windows, and artfully displayed wine bottles.  The service was extremely professional, but also friendly- the owner came over to our table to chat with us and find out how we heard about the restaurant.  (I found it here on yelp!) My husband and I enjoyed an appetizer plate of delicious italian meats, cheeses and marinated vegetables.  For entrees, we tried some of the house made pastas- seafood ravioli and the fettucini with rabbit ragu.  Both were delicious!  We finished our meal by sharing a yummy apple strudel with ice cream. I highly recommend the Cellar if you are in the Daytona area on vacation and looking for an upscale dinner with excellent food and service!  I only wish I had known about this restaurant sooner!
Since we've moved from Boston we've been looking for a great restaurant in the area and after almost 3 years we thought that we'd just have to dine out at the kind of places we like when we're on vacation.  But suddenly we found the Cellar.   Great wines and a fabulous appetizer selection will keep us returning to this place.  Try the fresh anchovie salad WOW.  I must say our first course surpassed the entrees we selected but it was so good that we have to go back and try again. And oh by the way, the apple strudel with hazelnut gelato is amazing!
For our last evening in Daytona Beach we decided to go Italian.  The choices appeared to be Don Vitos or The Cellar.  Since all the Yelpinions were favorable for The Cellar and Don Vitos appeared to be hit or miss, The Cellar was our choice - and it turned out to be a spectacular choice.  We had 6:00 reservations on a Sunday and had the entire cellar to ourselves for the first hour of our dinner (upstairs was about half full, but we wanted to have the "cellar experience". The first thing we noticed was there wasn't overhead air blowing down on us which made the experience even more enjoyable.  The atmosphere was very pleasant and comfortable and the Tiffany stained glass was exquisite.  The wine selection was somewhat limited even though there were bottles everywhere, but there were a number of solid selections that were reasonably priced.  We decided on the Napa Decoy Pino. Appetizers were artfully dished and tasted delicious.  It was hard to select an entree but I settled on the veal scallopini and it did not disappoint.  Tiramisu for desert topped off a five star meal.  Our server Diego was attentive and you could tell that you just had a genuine Italian meal. Next time your in Daytona Beach make sure and stop here!
This is very good food when viewed without any geographical context. When you factor in that this restaurant is in Daytona, that easily puts it at a five-star rating. The service is impeccable: attentive, insightful, and courteous without being overbearing. The ambiance is lovely. Don't be put off by the somewhat awkward walk downstairs, the namesake "cellar" is hardly a cellar at all. It feels remarkably open for how small of a space it truly is. The view of the garden is a bit overrated, even in the lusher summer months, as it means both losing the view of the kitchen and sitting (most likely) in a corner. I'm also not a fan of eating in what feels like (and in all likelihood was) a living room, no matter what president once called it his own, but that is a personal preference.   The food, as previously mentioned, is quite good. Not revolutionary or earth-shattering, but tastefully done, with a firm grasp of the cuisine. The dishes are all familiar, but in the best possible sense. The rare flourish is an appreciated touch when present, especially in the pasta dishes(the fettucini in rabbit ragu and the gnocchi alla bolognese in particular benefit from said flourishes). The secondi piatti are equally delicious. The duck breast and veal scallopine were cooked flawlessly, sauced and seasoned well, and paired thoughtfully with their sides. Speaking of pairings, the wine list is, as others have suggested, rather good. Provided you aren't a complete label snob, you'll find some tried-and-true matches for whatever dish you choose. My only real complaint is that the desserts were a tad underwhelming, but that's a minor quibble in what proved to be a skillfully prepared meal: a rarity in these parts.
An Italian restaurant in Daytona Beach offering first class Italian food? I know, it sounds unbelievable in town riddle with lousy restaurants and an Italian cuisine of little more than Americanized pizza or a sub sandwiches. However, it's true. The Cellar really does offer first class impressive Italian, as in real Italian, the likes of which I have generally only found in Italy. I started with a special mussel appetizer. The mussels were plump, juicy, the sauce delicious and the presentation most impressive. Then, for entrée, a veal chop which came perfectly done covered with a delightful roasted fennel along with sides of asparagus, carrots. I also found the Cellar to be sparkling clean, neat, orderly and to have a charming atmosphere about it. The Cellar is wine and beer only but with a decent selection.
I went to this place for the second time two nights ago, and for the second time it was out of this world. Simply Outstanding. The Chef prepared us a special menu before hand, I really enjoy letting a Chef stretch his culinary legs, and in this case, he delivered! The price is fair for what it is, dinner for 4 with a bottle of wine and 4-5 cocktails ran around $375 before tip, and I can say it is worth every penny if you are into good food.
My boyfriend and I went here on a Friday night to celebrate 6 years together. We made a reservation for 830pm. It was raining cats and dogs when we arrived, so the restaurant was not packed at all. It is literally in the cellar, of, get this, president Warren G Hardings summer home. It's pretty awesome to eat where a president has lived. The hostess, who I think may be an owner, is so very nice and accommodating. She was very sweet and acknowledged our special occasion. We were seated in the corner with a view of all the wines on the wall.  There were 3 other parties of 2 and one party of 6 in the room. The waitress came to us soon after. We ordered some pomegranate champagne to celebrate for $10 a glass. It was pink and pretty, fizzing in its glass, with sugar on the glass rim and a sprinkle of cinammon on top. It was special and I drank it all, and I do not drink alcohol often. For appetizers, we ordered the salumi platter ($12) and a few mushroom ravioli, which was a special that day. The bread came out first with some olive oil in what looked like along necked beaker. The whole grain bread was my favorite, they were both warm and soft. The salumi platter was to die for. It came with 4 gourmet slice meats, 2 cheeses, olives, and grilled eggplant (warning, it is salty!). I absolutely loved this. loved, loved, loved this. I would highly recommend it to everyone who comes. The ravioli was delicious. I was scared because I sort of hate mushrooms, but decided to try it anyways. The mushrooms were so finely minced I could barely detect the texture of it. The sauce was creamy and rich. For our main meal, my boyfriend got the special, mussels with flounder and crab. I got the pesto fetuccini with lump crap meat. They were around $25 each. I loved my dish. The pasta they make here is from scratch and you can tell. The pasta is more doughy than dried pasta. I could only eat half because it was so rich. That is the only way to describe it. Rich. Maybe delicious too. my boyfriends was pretyy good as well. For dessert, I got the ciocolotissimo, which is a molten chocolate cake with hazlenut ice cream and dark chocolate sauce. Very good, but I could barely enjoy it due to being so fool. But you know I ate the whole thing! Overall, an enjoyable experience and I would come back again. I gave the place only 4 stars because our waitress didn't live up the elegance of the restaurant. She never smiled, wasn't particularly pleasant, didn't acknowledge our anniversary, and just seemed to not want to connect with her customers. It was pretty bad. My boyfriend even mentioned this when we were eating our main dishes and I didn't bring it up beforehand. If she had been like the hostess, it would have been 5 stars.
A beautiful Restaurant, fine dining, in downtown Daytona Beach.  A brilliant wine list and staff.  This restaurant is willing to go the extra mile for your personal special occasion, so feel free to call them with any special requests.  I believe it's owned by a husband (the Chef) and wife team. You can't go wrong at the Cellar.
Made our reservations on open table Seated at our table at our reserved time Seemed busy but we were treated as though we were the only customers  in the place. Great food Great service Great atmosphere Will plan to return soon
What a Great place. We found it using Yelp, and were not misleaded in any way. We  were met at the door and seated quickly. Service was prompt and our order taken. My wife had a ravioli with beef and goat cheese in a light tomatoe olive sauce , it was great, my dish was a salmon fettuccine, alao great. The only negative that we had was the trio of loud and drunken patrons in the corner. Beautiful setting in the restored home of Warren G. Harding. We will be back! Pat S.
Simply the best "special occassion" restaurant in town. The restaurant is inside the old summer home of President Warren G Harding. When you entered, you will be greeted by Lina immediately, and escorted downstrairs to the Cellar. (Be sure to note all the great historic photos of Harding along the stairwell, pics of him and Babe Ruth!). The downstairs is quiet, cozy, and seats roughly 50 customers. Stain glass windows wrap around the coquina walls that surround you. Very nice. The Food: Fresh Farm to Table dishes. Homemade pasta noodles prepared by Chef Sam (Lina's husband). Some of my favorites include the salad with apricots and blue cheese, pesto pasta with lump crab meat (very rich), french chicken with goat cheese mousse, and the fish with figs. I'm not of fan of figs, but this dish changed my perspective! Save room for their real cappucinos and famous homemade hazelnut ice cream. Nom, Nom, Nom!
Its a good restaurant that  I will definitely visit again. The food was good but not 5 stars good. The wait was a little bit long for the food to come. The place is classy and very romantic. The star goes for adding a 4 dollar charge, if you want to share any plate such as an appetizer/ starter or an entree. second thing is their dress code, if you are not wearing shorts and slippers you are well dressed for the place. Food: is good. Service: excellent. Waiting time for food: Long ( 20 -30 minutes).
WOW! Its as good as it gets. Definitely a spot you'd wanna check out while in the area if you are looking for a real romantic restaurant. The service is absolutely fantastic. Everyone is well trained on attention to details.  From the moment you walk they greet you with a smile, they seat you and offer the females a table purse hanger which is always handy. The server is so attentive but not too pushy. They will go the extra mile if you by chance have any allergies to make sure that everyone from server to chef and back knows what not to give u.
Delicious!! We have never had such superb service!  Dario was so attentive even though he had several other tables.  The filet and snapper with lobster shrimp sauce was spectacular.  Great wine list, meal, service, and ambiance!  Would love to eat here more often if we weren't from Colorado!
Made reservation for my friends who are a couple. They absolutely enjoyed every part of this restaurant. They have also returned here for their dates. "Simply outstanding!!!"
This place has been by Fair the best experience on fine dining. Everything was great from hostess, waitress and the meal. Can wait to go back and have another date night with my husband here and feel like a princess all over again.
Great romantic dinner place! Took my girlfriend for a nice evening out and was very impressed overall. Waiter was friendly and knowledgable. It's more for a total dinner experience so don't come expecting a quick dinner. The lady had Marco Polo ravioli and I had the rack of lamb. Both our plates were finished completely. Strongly recommended for a nice evening with a significant other or good friends and family. Expect at least $50 per person without alcohol.
Just left here, meal was very good. Service and staff were awesome. Owner is just delightful, will go the extra mile to make you happy. One of me favorite places in Florida.
Good food. Nice atmosphere. Professional service. But a little too pricey.
Good food but not the best Italian food I've had. Service very good and the building is interesting especially with historical facts! Unfortunately very loud woman at another table going on and on about someone picking up her car keys, she repeated it on and on, not restaurants fault. Definetly lessened our experience because of acoustics.  Again service excellent, food good, a little pricey but on par for other similar restaurants. May give it a try again if in area!
Great Food. Hands down the best gourmet food in town. High Quality Italian Cuisine. Definitely a place to take a professional relationship or to impress a client.
Beautiful little place, great environment, staff is very helpful and pleasant and the prices are not even high at all for that quality of true Italian food and service. I would definitely come back!
Excellent northern Italian food!  By far best in Daytona. Actually forget we were in Daytona for a while!
Finally a good Italian restaurant in DB. Yes the prices are high as compared to the area average but the food is WAY better than most of the slop that tries to pass for Italian in the area. The wine list is both interesting and affordable and offers a great selection for every pallatte and budget. Our appetisers, red peppers stuffed with mooz and prosciuoto, and a seared grey tuna were both outstanding. The homemade pastas equal those found in real Italian meccas like Brooklyn, New Haven, and Providence. The gravy (sauce for you neophites) and offerings, we had the rabbit, were pure , well seasoned and exceptional. The veal shank special on a squash puree was amazing and the plating with pattipan, mini carrots and greenbeans ws almost too pretty to eat but we did and it too was amazing. The Cellar is well worth the visit. If you are more about cost rather than quality skip the visit and go to a chain. If you want exceptional food, and outstanding service in great atmosphere, visit the Cellar. 2nd visit in April as good as first..great place, creative food, interesting reasonable wine list. Spend the $$ it is worth it.
I always look forward to going to the Cellar whenever I am in the Daytona area. Great food and service.  From the antipasti to the deserts it is always a culinary treat. Had a great time and I am looking forward to our next visit. If you love great food this is a must do restaurant. My compliments to the chef and staff.
I wanted to go to the best restaurant in Daytona Beach and I think I found it.  I can't give it 5 stars as it doesn't compare to some of the finest restaurants in NY, but then again neither do the prices.  Service was attentive and everyone was very nice.  My 13 year old thought it was neat to be in the same house a former President once lived.
Disclaimer:  I didn't think there was a place in Daytona Bch that I would want to sit down and eat.  The Cellar changed my mind.  I started things off with some of their non-traditional irish cream.  Must have.  Very tasty!  Next, I had some of their bread.  This is a MUST HAVE.  Next, a house salad.  Nothing special, except it was pretty.  For the entree, I had Linguine with Crab Meat.  I would highly recommend it.  It was in a green cream sauce.  Wasn't oily like a pesto.  It was really really good.  I skipped the desert (maybe a first) since I was so full.
For upscale dining in the Daytona Beach area, this is a great place.  The other reviews give the details I intended to write, so I will keep this brief and confirm the statements made by others. The owner gave us personal attention.  The service was extremely professional - the waiter made certain we had everything we needed without imposing on us as we enjoyed the atmosphere.  We dined in the cellar area which has an old Italian style romantic feel.   I had a nice glass of red wine which was excellent and priced appropriately.  My main course was a fish dish which was cooked perfectly and the sides were also excellent. Go here when you want a notable eating experience.
This restaurant is lovely! It has a very sophisticated atmosphere, but not in a stuffy sort of way. The wine selection is about as good as it gets in this area, and the food is divine. If you can, request Rhiannon!
Husband and I are here on our honeymoon and went to the Cellar to set the tone for our trip. We couldn't be happier with the experience. I made my reservation on open table (which was easy as always) after doing my homework on Yelp. The service is unbelievably good, the space elegant with plenty of beautiful stained glass to ogle while you eat, and the food and wine exquisite.  I started with a half portion of the fresh fettuccine Alfredo with peas, speck, and fresh parsley. Phenomenal. Husband (so fun to say that!) had the half avocado with crab and shrimp salads. Also quite delicious. I had the Jarmann half bottle of Chardonnay which was also delicious. For our main courses I had the snapper Romana with tomatoes and artichokes. The fish was fresh and perfectly cooked. The sauce was exquisite with a hint of saffron which was a wonderful twist. The veggies on the plate were adorable, elegant, and perfectly cooked. Husband had the pheasant and duck special which he thoroughly enjoyed as well. For desert he enjoyed the panna cotta with honey and berries (the floral notes of the honey they used on the panna cotta really came through and was quite delicious). I had the apple strudel pairing with the ice wine which was a genius combination. My cappuccino had a rich froth on it and was served with a rock candy stick for a classy finish. I noticed it was Lavazza coffee and it was delicious as always. The female half of the husband and wife owner duo runs the front of the house. She was pleasant and attentive to her guests and everything went very smoothly. I overheard that her husband is a Culinary Institute of America chef, is of Italian American lineage, from NYC, and was the chef of a Manhattan restaurant  before coming down here.  That explains why the food is world class. We come from the NYC area and were exceptionally pleased with this experience.  What a wonderful memory to begin our honeymoon! We are considering returning again later on in this trip. It was that good.
Went to The Cellar for dinner with a group of friends.  The hostess/owner was the rudest service person I have ever encountered in a restaurant.  I will never go back to this restaurant.
This restaurant has so much potential. The setting is cozy and relaxing. The stained glass windows add to the decor.  The menu is large and varied-but the food isn't quite what it could be. the carpaccio was not shaved- it was cut very thin- but not as it should be. We added olive oil and fresh cracked pepper. If they shaved the beef added, olive oil,  crostini and capers it would take the dish to great.  The wine selection is excellent- but they chilled my Seghesio red zinfandel- to be fair they brought me room a new bottle on request.  The entrees we had were tasty- but the Osso Buco was dry around the edges.  The desserts were delicious.  When we finished our desserts we waited a long time for our check while our waiter took care of other patrons. He cleared all of our dishes and left- never offered the check or asked us if we wanted anything else. These sound like small things- but it can be the difference between a good and a great restaurant. When we spend over $200 for a meal for the 2 of us - we are really looking for great.
Absolutely loved this place. The staff was great and the food was amazing. My wife and I ordered off the menu but the specials that were offered (boneless rabbit and a mushroom sautéed salmon) sounded very tempting and from what I could hear from other patrons in the restaurant they were fabulous. I would highly recommend this restaurant and do not pass up on the specials. Also the wine list is very extensive and is priced accordingly ($25-$400/bottle) to your taste.
We arrived during an awful rainstorm and walked in soaking wet. Staff were great in helping us get dry and comfortable.  Wine was outstanding, service impeccable, food delicious and presentation lovely. Wonderful surprise and a definite do over.
OK, lets get one thing straight. If you're looking for a quick, satisfying meal that is going to get you to your movie or event on time, this is probably not the restaurant for you. If, however, you're a true fan of artisanal quality cooking and believe that a meal should BE the event, then The Cellar will quickly become one of your favorite places to dine. Having lived in northern italy (the Veneto region) for almost four years, I was able to learn a lot about how food is prepared by people who are passionate about it. Not just because being a 'foodie' is the latest trend, but because the table is where relationships are forged and family members are important ingredients to every meal! This tradition is carried on today...and as luck would have it...right here at The Cellar. There is no rush here, as people are expected to enjoy their wine and their antipasti (I HIGHLY recommend the Carpaccio di Manzo) at their own pace. The chefs prepare your meal as you order it, and the passion for quality shows. From the homemade pastas and gnocchi (they're all phenomenal, pick one!) to the fresh seafood and unbelievable duck breast, the food is always amazing. And because the staff at The Cellar is as attentive as the food is scrumptuous, the entire experience is one of the finest you'll have dining anywhere in this area. The prices are definately higher than you're going to find at the chains, but they're more than fair considering the quality of the food and service that we receive every time we go. So if you're looking to enjoy a meal with someone special, or you want to thank your staff for a successful year, make your reservations now at The Cellar. You'll love the experience.
We had dinner there with a table for six and it's the best restaurant I've been to in Daytona thus far. The food was mostly very good and the service was excellent. My only complaint was the lighting. It was simply way too bright...at least at our table. When we asked the hostess/owner to dim the lights she said it wasn't possible, although she was very nice about it so I'm assuming they just don't have dimmers. Anyway, I highly recommend the food and service but not the ambience.
Good food perfectly cooked to order, great service, comfortable quiet atmosphere. Recommended.
As a native NYC resident, I am always disappointed by the restaurants in this area, every time I come down to visit my parents.  However, we FINALLY found a decent restaurant - The Cellar.  Ok, so maybe it wouldn't be a 5-star restaurant in New York City, but it definitely is the best place around here.  We were seated (fairly) promptly, had a very sweet and attentive waitress, and were brought our order promptly (almost too promptly).  The bread was delicious (homemade?) and the misto salad and seafood ravioli were delicious (i loved the delicate fronds of fried ginger - so unexpected yet delicious).  The porcini risotto and snapper entree were also delicious.  And the molton chocolate cake was divine.  Overall, would be more of your somewhat above average delicious meal in new york, but for the daytona area, hands down the best i've been to.  The only downsides?  the girl sitting next to us one table over who had no idea how loud and obnoxious her voice was, as well as the sign sitting on our table telling us not to use our cell phones (isn't that just common knowledge for a restaurant?  or maybe it's just because most restaurant-goers around here don't know proper etiquette?) anyway, overall, a must-try if you happen to be in the area.
