Wonderful place! I love that they had a sampler pizza where you can pick four different ones and it all gets put together on a large pizza. It was great for me and my friend who wanted to try everything on the menu. Pizza is made from scratch, so it takes a little longer to get. We killed the time easily by having some cheese bread, beer and checking out the olive oil room. They also offer take and bake for to go orders.
Panhead's is solid.  I'm from Ohio and I visit this place every time I'm in Daytona.  Lance has been our server a few times and he is always super cool and helpful.   The Beer selection is great.  I'm an IPA fan and I bet they have 30 to choose from.  No full bar but beer and wine are offered.   The food is delicious.  I'm addicted to wings and they have some of the best I've ever tasted.  They are spicy, smokey and cooked to perfection.  I also love the caprese salad and the jalapeño poppers are unique and tasty.  The kick start my heart pizza does the trick every time.   They opened a new olive oil room.  It looks super trendy and the lady that was working there was very nice.  It's not my thing but would be cool for people that are into cooking.
One of the better pizza places in the area. Prices are a little high but worth it. We started with an appetizer of cheese bread sticks and they were delicious! The sauce they came with was really good. Not too watery or too thick. We built our own pizza with pepperoni and a pesto drizzle. The pesto was added after the pizza was cooked so it wasn't the same temperature which was kind of weird. The crust was amazing! We will definitely be coming back. Four stars because the service wasn't the best. We sat around for quite some time after clearly finishing our food waiting for the check. We also never got drink refills.
FREQUENT THIS PLACE!   Fun, local establishment that deserves more credit! Great service, Great food, Great time! They have a multitude of choices for pizza and each one can be mixed and matched My favorite by far is FLIRTING WITH DISASTER which is a pizza covered with barbecue, fresh slaw, and then drizzled with a spicy hot sauce glaze and it is PHENOMENAL! If you are a local you will probably be going back from time to time. Great place for little ones Great place for groups of friends They have a plethora of awesome local Brews as well. Mark this one on the hang out list and GO TRY IT! Watch out though Friday and Saturday Nights are NUTS!
Panhead's has a new olive oil and vinegar tasting room!  It is the coolest thing to hit Port Orange in a long time! There's an area to hang out have a glass of wine or a beer, they have something new to try every time! They are all so delicious it's hard to make up your mind!
Tastes like a gourmet Little Caesars pan pizza. Whew... Now that we have the food portion of the review out of the way, let's get to the matters at hand. The misspelling of pizzeria on here (not pizzaria) is a good start. I was so distracted and disgusted by the graphic design of the menu that I couldn't even begin to comprehend what to actually order. It was like deciphering the hidden image in one of those autostereogram pictures that they sold at your local mall's kiosk in the 90s. The spacing between every line and character MUST be randomized through some insane complex algorithm because I don't understand why anyone would put forth the time and effort to actually place things so disproportionate and awry. Your better off spending time creating a maze to your bathroom so your friends piss their pants at dinner parties. Let's start from the top of this disaster. - You don't need two logos. I got it the first time (I'm glad on your menu that pizzeria is spelled right at least).   - The following is not a sentence, "Everything is made to order your patience is appreciated". It's two. Duh. - The sections for 'specialty pizza' and 'design your own' are in different size fonts and are placed in different size boxes. Why? And they aren't even in BOLD. - All the spacing throughout this 'specialty pizza' section is nauseating. It's like walking down stairs where ever step is a different size. Brutal. - Why are the last two pizzas bold and blurry. Do they have psychedelic qualities? Cause I need some. - Looking at your wine menu is like tripping on acid and mushrooms combined. There are things that are capitalized while others aren't. Other whites, other excited reds. Are you trying to say the whites are boring?? That just cracks the surface. Let's just ignore the misspelling of whiskey on the specials board (wiskey... Let's get real). Besides that, staff was nice and the pizza was good.
Love this place! The staff is incredible! Great craft beer selection! My favorite dishes are the Parmesan wings, the pork nachos, and the wedge salad! So yummy!!
I live near what's considered the pizza capital of the country - Old Forge,  PA. That said, I'm used to really good pizza. Everywhere I travel,  the pizza is just ok,  except for NYC. Daytona is not known for pizza at all.  Actually,  it's usually horrible.  However, this place is a diamond in the ruff.  The pizza and the wings were phenomenal.  So much so I will make it a point to stop here the next time im in the Daytona area. This place is worth checking out!
First time here. Food was good. And we are pretty fussy. I had the Wedge Salad and my husband had the personal pan pizza with all the meat. My salad was good! Lettuce crisp, bacon done just enough. Enough blue cheese and tomatoes. They also bought an extra plate which made eating the salad nice. My food wasn't spilling everywhere ! The blue cheese dressing is homemade and they add a. "Kick". I didn't mind it after a bit. It was just different than I am used to. Waitress bought a ranch dressing for me to try. I appreciated her service with a smile. My husbands pizza was good enough for him to order again. And he "loves" his pizza! Next time he said he's getting the large so he'll have leftovers. I get his crust and it was good! Definitely good crust! Service was good. All the wait staff take care of you. So you don't have to worry if you get a "bad " waitress! Soda was kept refilled. We like that. Only complaint is the noise level. Holy smokes! I could hardly hear my husband talk to me - and we were sitting next to each other! I'd imagine if going out with friends, we'd be saying "what did you say?' a lot!!! They really need to fix the acoustics! We'll be back for the food. But not to eat-in. Next time we are getting take out. Fix the noise level and we'll stay for the service.
Amazing pizza! The place was packed and we got seated immediately. We started with the flatbread appetizer, you get your choice of two dipping sauces. We chose the hummus and black bean and corn salsa. It was delicious you could spread the hummus on a used tire and make it taste awesome. The flatbread was cut into small triangles with a chewy crust that still maintained a cracker crunch. The pizza we chose was the Pizza Flight sampler with four specialty choices. We chose the Freebird, Paradise City, Flirting with Disaster, and plain cheese(our son is not into wild pizza). I attached a pic in the photos. The pizza was awesome not overly sauced AMAZING thin, chewy, crispy crust but not New York thin. To bad we are on vacation and can't come back more often.
What can I say the food is amazing! From the salad, pizzas, subs, to the dip sandwiches! You don't want to miss eating here!  It's quiet during lunch time so it's great for business meetings.  Hmm maybe I shouldn't have shared that little secret!  The Asian Salad is my absolute favorite!  Never thought I would love the taste of cinnamon sprinkled crispy noodles only salad but it's an amazing topping to it.  No matter what it's definitely worth it to eat here!
My pizza flight sampler included the "White Wedding - Herb oil, artichoke hearts, baby spinach, roasted garlic, Roma tomatoes, and feta"...the "All Summer Long - herb oil, chicken,broccoli, diced tomato, roasted garlic and a ranch drizzle"...the "Flirting With Disaster - smoked BBQ pork, cheddar cheese, southern slaw and a South Carolina drizzle"...and the "Kick Start My Heart - pepperoni, Italian sausage, ground beef and bacon" I really enjoyed both the White Wedding and the All Summer Long. Tasty blend of vegetables with the herb oil, the All Summer Long's additional Chicken made it a bit heartier. My favorite of the four was surprisingly the Flirting With Disaster. It was perfectly balanced and the fresh slaw with the vinegar based Carolina drizzle was offset by the rich pork and cheddar. I was really looking forward to the massively meat laden Kick Start My Heart. Who doesn't LOVE bacon? I am also a sucker for a good Pepperoni and Sausage pizza...but this one fell short for me. The bacon was crispy (which is good) but simultaneously the pepperoni which would usually cook much fast than the bacon came out with what looked like two pieces of sliced pepperoni per slice of pizza that were laid on top at the last minute..only warm..no sizzle in the least. I also personally LOVE a really cheesy pizza...and this was really light on the cheese. Perhaps the next time I try it I will order it with extra cheese. I thought the service was GREAT. The place was packed. Every table taken, so I sat at the bar. My server, Devin was fantastic!..and one of the owners Felicia stopped to check on me twice...smiling thru the "blessing" of an opening night CRUSH that the staff handled VERY well even while I am sure they worked thru the little glitches that EVERY opening has to contend with...they didn't let it show or impact the customers that I was anywhere near. Kudos to the whole team. It was my first visit...even though I overheard many of the customers seated nearby being greeted by name, so they got solid support from regulars of their original location in nearby New Smyrna. With some great craft beers on tap and good pizza, I'll certainly be back!
I am officially obsessed with this place. They offer a wide variety of unique and craveable specialty pizzas, my favorite being the Whole Lotta Love (chicken, spinach, sun-dried tomatoes, peppers, olives, and feta) and the Flirting With Disaster (pulled pork, barbecue sauce, and slaw). Their pizza crust is buttery like deep dish yet light and crispy like thin crust and their toppings are fresh and flavorful.
Love the pizza and atmosphere!!! I'm usually not a big pizza eater but the diverse, unique pizzas they have here are delicious. I especially love the jalapeno appetizer. Super spicy and super delicious!
Had the Simple Man Pizza.  Crust light and crispy and not greasy.  Fresh basil, fresh roma tomatoes, and fresh mozzarella.   So delicious.  Rich and buttery tasting without being greasy.  Only downside was the table had been wiped with a sour rag.  Music loud.  Good eats.
Portions are hearty. Love that you can make the pizzas "half and half" so that we could try different flavors. Crust is substantial without being too doughy. Great beers on tap. Great service even though the restaurant was packed.
This. Place. Is. Awesome!! Usually I don't excited about pizza, but this place now has me craving it! Here's our experience from start to finish: 1) Plenty of parking in their private lot, that's always a perk The host let us pick our own table, I like that. 2) It was a busy night, but the staff didn't make us feel "rushed" 3) It's a family owned joint, so we had the same guy as our host, our server, and he was the one behind the bar pouring drinks. He was super efficient at multi-tasking! 4) Fat Tire on tap...yes please! 5) The food was incredible! We got the appetizer special (stuffed mushrooms with artichokes, cheese, spinach, panko). And our pizzas choices were 'Whole Lotta Love', 'White Wedding', and 'Kick Start my Heart'. All of them were so good, but my favorite was the Whole Lotta Love, but according to the server the most popular pie is the 'Flirting with Disaster'...we'll try that next time! 6) The Crust - You don't get a crust option, but you don't need it. They know what they are doing. It's somewhat thin, without being a cracker, but it has textures of pan crust, without being too puffy, doughy, or greasy. It's perfect! 7) The Bathroom - clean, huge, private, good toilet paper. Ha! Welcome to Port Orange, Panheads - glad you're here!
Great place, Great Pizza!
