Great little Irish Bar on the Flagler strip.  Very friendly bartenders. Sam especially.   The Pumkin Bombs were a great drink.  We had 3 each! Also, their award winning Scottish Eggs appetizer is worthy of its recognitions.
This place must have been rated by drunken people. Came here with high expectations and was highly disappointed. Ordered the fish and chips and this was the absolute most tasteless fish I have ever had and they brought me one very paper thin wager of lemon. They don't even bother to put the tartar sauce in a little dish or something it's just on the prepackaged container.   The only good thing was the pickle that came with my sister's meal.   For drinking I guess it's ok, they have a large variety of beers (according to their menu) but the food is not even good pub food
Great place! You are greeted with a warm smile. Michelle was the bartender and she couldn't have been nicer. I was craving a cold beer and a burger after a great night. She had beer recommendations and was nice enough to have me taste as she described the beers. The cheeseburger was divine and cooked perfect. It was moist and juicy and it hit the spot. The fries were also good. I ordered chicken wings to go and they were a hit when I showed back up to the beach house with them . If you are in the area- go by for sure. Great food , great location and great service!
Tayton O'Brian's is the shit. This place is outf**kingstanding. Guinness gravy on everything. Garlic Parm wings, UFB. Very cool staff, especially....SAMMYYYYY. T.O's is one of the reasons why we dig NSB and will keep coming back.
Back again for a reason!!  This is Wednesday night and the nhl playoffs are on and it's karaoke night at the spot. Great night with my wifey and the whole crew
Delicious comfort food at a decent price . Noisy bar but the corner booth was fine. .Great service by attentive and cheery waiter Roger.
This is a beachtown watering hole with drinks, pub food, and not much else. Pushy bartenders who interrupted your conversation peddling refills when we were 1/3 finished with the first drink.  It's okay if you are just passing through, but you probably won't make a habit of it.
Great food and service. Bangers And mash, drunken brats, shepards pie all fantastic. Over 150 varieties of beer. Can't be beat!
An Irish themed pub on Flagler Ave in NSB. I have been coming to NSB for years now and recently just moved down permanently and after a day on the beach, I decided I needed some food and hydration. When I walked in , there were about 7 people at the bar. I saw 2 servers standing behind the bar in the right corner. I sat at the bar and after a few minutes I was asked if I wanted a drink. I ordered my drink and asked for a menu. The menu offers a wide variety of traditional pub food,. burgers, wraps, wings, etc. There is a quaint selection of Irish fare ie: Bangers and Mash, Fish and Chips, Shepard's Pie. After perusing the menu for a few minutes, I wait.... I wait some more. I continue to wait. I've finished my first drink. One of the servers/bartenders reappears and takes my order. I chose the fish tacos with cucumber wasabi dressing and chips. The tacos were pretty good. The fish was flaky and tasty. The chips were homemade and crispy with just right amount of salt. Good call on a cucumber wasabi dressing, it works really well with the fish. The service could definitely be improved, the staff were more attentive to the "regulars" I would say, they were engaging them in conversations, refilling their drinks and asking them what games they wanted to see on the TV. I had to interrupt their conversations to ask for another drink. I'm not asking for full undivided attention, but basic bartending skills would be nice. While the food was good and drink selection is massive, I wouldn't spend money here again based on the service alone.
This Irish Pub is definitely your run of the mill Irish pub, but who really minds that right? I personally loved this place. The ambiance was well fir for what you expect a beach joint like this to have and the food was excellent bar style cuisine. If you are around and are looking for a well priced beach bar. This is a great place to pop in at.
Love this place! I'm not a French dip kinda girl, but I find it difficult to not order every time I'm here. Plus, they serve food laaaate!!! I am a Shepard's Pie SNOB..... however theirs rivals my own. ADORABLE bartenders & wenches..... Always something going on at Taytons!
Where else can you get off a plane at 11pm, head to hot spot Flagler Avenue and be sitting down and eating a hot meal at 1am?  Only Tayton O'Brians!  My kids and I love a late night meal here when we are in town.  There is plenty of activity and live music to get you in the beach spirit.  Service was not up to par, but hey! when you are slowing down for beach life, it is acceptable.
if Tayton O'Brian's were to be a cheese, it would be the kind that you eat whilst enjoying a fine glass of wine.     We all know Flagler Ave. is the mecca of NewSmyrna's Elite, and inside Tayton's you don't have to look out the window at any of them. Tayton's is like waking up being  late for work, freaking out finding your keys and contemplating all the reasons why it might be okay not to take a shower. Then right before you spring up realizing that you have the day off. You know, That kind of awesome.    They serve food until 2AM, and it won't give you food poisoning. There's an awesome selection of Beers from all over the world including numerous drafts. Bands, Darts, pool, foosball, a jukebox, photo booth, ponies, dinosaurs, Leprechauns, cool irish looking stuff and tagged up dollar bills all over the ceiling.     Basically, if god had a treasure chest he would put Tayton's inside of it and lock that  thing up. He would probably sleep with it under his pillow. l know what you're thinking and no, i do not work at or own traders but i do live there.   Best place on Flagler by far, even if there was a fairly worthy opponent.
nice local irish bar with beer specials. bar food above average and bonus that they serve food all night long.
Tayton's is good, solid, bar food. Located on Flagler Avenue, "the strip" of New Smyrna Beach, the Irish-themed bar offers live music, cheap beer, and food that you won't be ashamed to indulge in. I had a basic burger with Swiss cheese (upcharge $1) and fries. For my beer, I went with Smithwick's, a smooth, Irish red ale, in the bottle. The burger was big, juicy, and cooked at a perfect Medium, my go-to temperature. As we dug in, the Irish rock band played an assortment of 70s, 80s, and 90s sing-a-longs, and everyone around us seemed to be cutting loose and having a great time. (It could have been because of the Quarter beers that they were all drinking! I would have indulged, but I try to avoid mass domestics if at all possible!) All in all the meal was enjoyable and the service friendly. It's not my first choice for dinner in NSB because of the noise level and divey atmosphere, but it's great for what it is!
Loved the beer and bar food was great
