OMG! The best cheesesteaks EVER! I always get one to take back to Maryland with me. Total dive but service is great and food is yummmmy!
I almost forgot about this place but reminded myself in a recent convo. Had some fun times here with food and sports! So first off this is a great place if your a Philly Eagles fan. I am from Cleveland, when the Browns left in the mid 90s most of us adopted another team and mine was the Eagles. Which is why I was led to this place, to watch some of their games and as well try a good Philly cheesesteak for dinner while in Florida. Game days are fun, Florida has a little bit of everyone there so you will get a mini slice of Philly here. The cheesesteaks are good, they got a nice flavor and are pretty big. I do remember taking some home with me which I was happy to do since I was a intern at the time, had to ball on a budget. I was very happy overall, usually  came back on gamedays  and  only for the Philly cheesesteak. They do have other items on the menu that fit in the sports bar area. Philly may be far away but this is the next best thing.
Yummmm! I've been looking for a great philly place since moving out here and this is worth the 20 min drive. Price point was $14 but for a 8" small fire and a drink. Fries: check Philly: awesome and stacked! Full beer selection, helpful service Atmosphere, got off after work and felt way over dressed. Come in jeans and a tank top and you'll fit right in.
Hi. Steve French here. Famous Philly's "Philly" Cheese stake can be described as bland and lacking star quality. The best thing about it is the roll it's made on. Unfortunately there's more grease packed into the bun than flavor. - Steve French, signing off
In reading the reviews already posted, you do get a mental picture that is pretty accurate. But nobody really mentioned....the smell. It's a mix of Steak and ....urine. I'm not sure if they are REALLY trying to replicate Philadelphia or it was just more humid inside than normal. The decor is dive bar meets homeless this will have to do- but the food IS good. The steak came out hot, and other than a piece of bone or gristle in each of our sandwiches (2 of us dining) It was delicious. Five bucks for fries that were equally hot i thought was a lot of money....next time i'll just order the sandwich, and get it to go and skip the whole yikes this place should probably be hosed down for a month looking vibe that stays with you long after your meal is done.
This place is a makes no apologies hardcore dive/biker bar. The service is crap. Our waitress was bitchy and borderline rude. But the food is out of the world. the decor is trashy and unkempt. The walls are covered in graffiti but I repeat the food is amazing. Amazeballs. Out of this world. delicious. Perfect. Best Philly chicken I have EVER had. Great mozz sticks and my fiance loved his cheese steak. We will definitely be back. Even the pickles were perfect. Also did I mention the waitresses are hot?
Went to bike week this year and the first place we went after the hotel was here for that taste of Phlly when you are away from home. They have all the Philly favorites here like Tastykakes, pork roll, scrapple and crab fries. The cheesesteaks are out of this world and I have lived in the area where they are most famous and were invented.  The beer is ice cold and the wait staff is very nice and attentive.   Give this place a try you won't be disappointed.
Best cheesesteak outside of PA!  I'm from Philly originally and this is the real deal including Amoroso rolls.  It's not a palace but really isn't as bad as these reviews indicate.  We watched a game here and enjoyed everything!  Crab fries also excellent...a little spicier but similar to Chickie and Pete's.  Definitely go!  We will come back.  GO EAGLES!!
I have visited this location several times in the past and have enjoyed the food and the service. My fiance and I were in the mood tonight for a cheesesteak and I automatically said "Famous Philly's". What a big mistake that was... For starters: upon pulling into the parking lot (my previous visit was during the day) and with the lack of lighting- I was glad that my fiance was with me..if not, I would've gotten back in the car immediately and drove off.          1. Parking lot needs to be repaved          2. Parking lot needs to have sufficinent lighting. Upon walking inside I was immediately greated by Sheryl and she was really nice. After being greeted I was met by another employee who was jamming out with an MP3 player and head banging... As soon as I sat down, another customer was yelling at one of the waitresses to "fellate him". 2 of his friend's joined in and also agreed that she too should "fellate them". Disgusting. It was apparently obvious that these 3 men were beyond DRUNK and should've been cut off a LONG time ago. My fiance and I ended up leaving because there was no way in hell that I would've even been able to eat my dinner listening to 3 pigs squealing.. Unreal.. Now I realize why the guy at the door was listening to an MP3 player.. to tune out the jerks at the bar. All in all- I will never go back there again which is quite a shame.
The best Philly around. The other location closed so this is it. The place is a dive bro. It looks like it was here before the health department existed. The ceilings are so low I felt like I was in a coffin. Obligatory giant TVs everywhere so you can see those Progressive ads here just like at home.  The wait staff is not able to keep up so you better not be in a hurry. I tried not to make eye contact with anyone there, don't know what that means.  The sandwiches are why your here, just remember that.
Just fabulous!  Great food & staff! I'm tempted to try the 22" cheese steak challenge.
Great cheesesteak! I've had Geno's and Pat's in Philly, and this is right up there.
So it's not the most beautiful place in the world but I came for the food. The Philly cheese steak was awesome, beer cold. If your looking for a five star restaurant or a place to let your kids run wild and expect everyone to talk like your in church.........THIS AIN'T it. Good food,cold beer and interesting people THIS IS IT.
Really is an amazing cheese steak sub!!! Best time to get it is 11-2 for lunch hours bc you get the sub,chips,pickle & drink for like 8 bucks! Great food! Kiddies loved the kids meal menu as well!
DO NOT EAT HERE, IT'S NOT WORTH THE PRICE & TIME! This place was more like a bar then a food establishment. I can say it's not for families with children. It's for people who do not mind eating in filth. There's writing all over the walls, tables, chairs, everywhere. The subs were horrible, we were not sure if it was steak or ground beef. It lacked seasoning, my husband had to put ketchup on his sub. He hates ketchup. Never again would we place our feet into that hole. Do not be fooled by the ads you see, it's not worth going
Best phillies we've had in FL! Being from Jersey we're picky but these are perfect.  9inch is plenty big.  18 inch can feed two hungry men no problem!!
Could this place pass as an abandoned building? Probably. But does it deliver on it's promise of amazing cheesesteaks? Absolutely. I'm not sure anyone would ever happen to find this place and stop in, but luckily word of mouth (and of course Yelp) make it a very popular spot to eat.
OMG! Just as we remembered it. My wife and I just shared an 18in Bellibuster with onions and American white cheese. We ordered takeout, told 15 minutes, got there and it was waiting for us. This was 1:15PM Sunday (today). There was more than enough juicy, very we'll spiced and extremely tasty meat on very fresh roll. Awesome flavor!!! We had them crisp up the fries and found them plentiful and delicious. Would definitely do this again! Soon!
If craving a steak sandwich, this is the ONLY place to go. Interior is a dive, but who cares when the steak sandwiches taste that good.
Went today for the new season and was greeted with eager fans, Yuengling and delicious wings.  Really makes me feel like I am back at home!  I tried the pazorotti rolls too and they were pretty tasty but I wouldn't stray too far from the wings and cheesesteaks.  If I were a little more hungry I would have tried the cheesesteake which is apparently on Philly's top 100 list!  The owner is the man and makes it a point to be social and visit all the tables.  I strayed away from here towards the middle of last season because I moved further away but re-newed my interest and am ready to go.  If your'e a Philly fan and are ever in the neighborhood definitely stop by here.
I am still fairly new to the area and have been looking for a good replacement for a good Philly cheese steak sandwich! I had my go to place in Orlando and I do believe this will become my go to place in the Daytona area. SO much meat and SO much flavor. These sandwiches are great. Then I take a look around and wonder where I just warped into. Handwriting all over EVERYTHING makes it a pretty personalized experience for many. I tend to be drawn toward places that I consider "holes in the wall". Not meaning it in a bad way at all, I think it adds a great deal of character to the place. There are plenty of TV's for watching and some very friendly staff. Next time I go I want to attempt that 22 in 22 challenge they have. I think I can handle a 22" Philly in 22 minutes! I recommend it to all, I will be back for sure!
Best cheesestakes in town.  Their smallest is SUPER filling, like eating a full size as they pack it with A LOT of meat.  They will put anything you want in it (or don't).  There is a plae in Orange City that has the same taste, but they are not as awesomely filling and the meat is a little better at Famous Philly's.  It is in a bar, so the atomosphere sucks.  Take it to go; it's delicious!
I love this place! The cheese steaks are awesome, especially with the yummy mushrooms. Even the cold sandwiches are great. Both come with huge amounts of meat. Nice atmosphere too.
Best place to go for a cheesesteak hands down!    Prices are fair and the amount of meat you get is the size of a small mountain.  I get the Mushroom/cheesesteak and I get a hankerin' for one of these about once a month.  Well worth it! -and if you want to see a crowd go on a night when the Eagles are playin'.
Looks like a dive from outside and inside is a bit better but food is good.  We tried three different Phillys and all were good.  Staff was friendly and price is good. Great onion rings too.
Best steak and cheese subs in the state!  Tons of meat and flavor.  I always make it a point to get a sub here whenever I'm in Daytona.  Just take Nova road south till it dead ends into US 1 and you're there.
Had relatives in town so we went  online and checked out the restaurants website.  We were deciding on the amount and the different sizes of subs to get - called the restaurant- the girl that answered acted as though she really wasn't familiar with the menu but after several minutes of repeating our order- we decided on getting one of the 22" super belly busters and a 9" belly buster,  large onion rings, large fries and 4 pretzels.  We added it up and the bill should have been about $55 When we arrived to pick up the food- the bill was $62... When asked to see the receipt,  we noticed that the super belly buster was $29... Over $6 more than the menu price.   After we got home, I rechecked the restaurants online menu prices to confirm..I also noticed the amount of fries for almost $5... Maybe 2 handfuls and one small container of sauce for 4 pretzels. I called the restaurant to talk to a manager.. The girl that answered didn't know who the manager was but put another girl on the phone.  I explained the problem- she was apologetic and they knew the online menu prices were wrong but offered no compensation other than to take my name and number for the owner? To call me....  That was 5 days ago.  This is the 21st century....updating a website shouldn't be an issue or training staff ... Especially since you make it known your running a restaurant that brags on being famous...
yes its a dive...who cares??? the crab fries will change your life! the subs are great, the beer cold... go casual, truly.  don't wear your manolos, the parking lot is messed up. everyone friendly, the owner a real sweetheart. they get busy and you may need to wait, but it is worth it!   I go every time I am in town
Great place for Cheesesteak! I agree that the service, menu and building are mediocre. The unbelievably tasty food is the only thing keeping it going.
Best subs  east coast! When i traveled overseas my last stop was here, they were always so nice and would pack it so it didnt leak, yum!
