Lots of young kids... Ok crowd. Nothing stand out for a tourist . Lollipop is way better :) Way standout if you are coming from San Jose, CA :)
First off, full cover for 21+! If you're buying drinks and tipping cover should never be full price. The club is very spacious with a center dance floor. The playlist from the dj was decent at best. Too many songs from years past. For the pros, good drink specials and wide range of clientele. Overall a good a club for the area.
I was very disappointed. For both the price I paid and the communication between head staff and myself.  This is an email copied and pasted from me to management.   ---------- Forwarded message ---------- From: Razzle's Nightclub clubrazzles@gmail.com Date: Wed, Sep 18, 2013 at 4:47 PM Subject: Re: Razzle To: "mnkaleel@gmail.com" Hi Marie, Thank you for your E-mail regarding Razzle's Nightclub. Tonight is Ladies Night. It's a $10.00 cover and you Drink for Free all Night. You can choose Liquor or Draft Beer. Casual wear is good. See you tonight! Sent from my iPhone On Sep 18, 2013, at 3:12 AM, mnkaleel@gmail.com wrote: Hi there in town for a few days. Trying to find out you hours of operation for wed, night. When it's ladies night does that mean no cover for ladies? Also what drinks are free or ladies is it beer or  basic mixed drink?? Also your dress code is dressy. We planned for the beach and have jeans, skirts, blouses, flip flops Is this ok? Or do I need to just forgot it? -Marie *Ladies night here does not mean its free. The make you pay cover even if your not drinking. My friend was my DD, she was not drinking. Managment stated that even if you not drinking you must pay the cover charge anyway.  When I got in. It was pretty dead. I came in after 10:15p, the bartender that I had was very kind. She couldn't believe we were forced to pay $20 for two women when only one was going to drink. Once in it took more than 2 hours before more people decided to dance on the floor. The DJ was playing live via the radio at the club.  They didn't play anything good. When they did it was past midnight and we had already left. While at the club I was hit on by both drunk men and women. Men hitting on me by dancing on me. I am married and decided to leave. Then when I went to leave a drunk female asked me to accompany her. I finally found my friend. She said she came inside because the men outside in the parking lot were talking loudly about how most folks are from out of town and they can have their pick since the girls are all drunk and would go home to anyone. Thank God I found her. This is defininely a meat market for hooksups only. Very dissatisied. I am sticking to Orlando and Clermont from now on.
Too many penises up in this place.  If I wanted to pay a cover to go grind on some dudes I'd hit up the Boot Hill Saloon during Bike Week.  They're more my type anyways.
Overly crowded with under-aged children. Pay with cash only! They take out a deposit  when you use a debit card. Definitely not a place you can go to relax. You have to constantly be on guard for sketchy people. Not worth the expensive cover.
I'm so over the "party" times at Daytona Beach, this place did it for me, on top of the lame strip clubs on this "party" strip. The guys by the ropes stared at us up and down before letting us in VIP where there were sausages ALL over. Lame ones. (That's my new word when talking about Daytona Beach party scene)  It gets one star for playing good music but um thats about it.
Razzle's is a pretty nice club considering the area.  I still prefer most Orlando clubs to this place, but still a decent club with an OK turnout.  The DJ was good too.  He didn't interrupt all the songs like most jackasses and added a little mix to most of the popular songs.  It was fun times dancing the night away and checking out the Daytona crowd was entertainment enough!  So many different types of people and characters!  Also got into VIP for free which was cool.  Since this place is so close to the beach we decided to get our feet sandy and walk alongside the moonlit ocean aterwards.
Had a good time for a girls night out. It is definitely a very young crowd here. Most people are under 25 except a few creepy guys that are trying to get younger girls. If you go, don't expect a laid back atmosphere. It is very loud and good for dancing if you don't mind how crowded it gets. The later it is, the more crowded the dance floor. If you are a girl, definitely check out when the ladies nights are. They usually have it most nights and sometimes you can drink for free til midnight!
Where do you go to get the best club experience at the World's Most Famous Beach? Razzles, hands down. Every staff person knows how to make their guests feel like VIPs, and the dance floor? Awesome. Looking forward to a particular evening in May where we have 2 tables reserved in VIP - whoot!
Pretty good set up and sound system. I feel bad for the workers though because it is dead tonight. It's a Thursday night and literally only my group of 6 people are here. I've come nights where you can barely walk into the club but tonight man it's bad. The whole party area was dead in Daytona Beach tonight. I don't know whats going on but its bad. On a normal night though you have to deal with some shady characters and cigarette smoke that is thick enough to cut with a knife. For Daytona Beach there really is no where else to party so for the night it was a good place.
This is the best that Daytona Beach has to offer and although it was a nice club with a decent VIP area and great service, the people are not the highest class people.  So knowing that, go there, sit back and people watch and I guarantee that you will have the most awesome time checking all the random people out.  There is a mix of trendy club hoppers and some straight random people in there.  There are was a pole right in front of our VIP booth and we go an eyeful of guys and girls falling off of it all night long.  This was the best entertainment ever.
If you are looking for a great place to dance, where you don't have to wait 15 minutes for a drink, this is the place to go. Yes, it gets crowded on the dance floor, even during off season, but they are always having specials there so it's affordable to drink and have a blast if you wanna dance the night away.
I love this place. Tons of great seats, pretty varied music from straight up songs to mixes and a LOT of bars. I've gone there before a few times mostly in small groups and never had any issues or witnessed many issues. I'm not sure why a lot of people are talking about "sketchy" people but its a bar/dance club aimed at the twenty-something crowd -- not really sure what people expect here. That said, if you'd like something more lit up and less scummy there is always the 509 Lounge.
Razzle's Nightclub in Razzles is a great local nightclub with drinks, dancing, pool, social areas, and more for a great night out.  Place fills up fast with great locals and more!  We are a tourist destination so we see people from all over the world there.  Enjoy!!!  derrickorberg
It is the ONLY nightclub in Daytona that can actually claim that they are a nightclub. From what I experienced, it is a late starting club, so if you plan on visiting razzles i would suggest going no sooner than 11 PM. As far as deposits on credit cards I recently have visited and there was not any kind of deposit taken out for holding my card. (assuming it has changed.)  Bartenders- Two types, Older ones that know what they are doing and younger ones that are brand new to the scene. I suggest going on either a wednesday or a saturday. I was told by the staff that those are their busiest nights. I was also informed that wednesday and saturday bring two totally different types of crowds and that saturdays would be the more enjoyable night to go.
