Went on a Friday night as a group of 5. Place was packed but we were seated in under 5 minutes. The food took over an hour to come out and our server apologized at least twice for the wait, but it was worth it. Our meals were fantastic- Egg sandwich, turkey wrap, Reuben, chicken tenders and fish and chips. Will definitely go back.
Ok, this place is easily my favorite bar in Troy. (Granted I haven't been to ALL of the bars in Troy but OH WELL) I'm a avid beer fan so obviously this place is right up my alley. Every time i'm there they have new/different beers to try. The only thing that bums me out is sometimes a beer is written on the board but they don't have it opened yet or that keg's been kicked. It does feel good knowing that beer is being turned over a lot there and it's not old and funky. The food is FILLING, INEXPENSIVE and relatively unhealthy (depending on what you get) but SO GOOD. And I'm also one of those "I don't eat out a lot so when I do I order the best sounding thing on the menu even if it's a days worth of calories". But what kind of irish pub would they be if they didn't have juicy sliders, corn dogs and creamy soups? They always have food specials that change out and the "chips" are out of this world. They are more like potato wedges but they are soft and fluffy inside and crunchy on the outside. I would highly recommend ordering them with the curry cheese sauce. Be prepared to take most of your dinner home though because those suckers are filling!! (Side note: How can you say the food there is expensive? a burger for under 10 bucks with HUGE potato wedges?) Though this place is a little tight in the front, they have lots of room in the back room, the outside patio is awesome, and apparently there is an upstairs (I have yet to experience). It still seems cozy and intimate with all the separate spaces. Love the service, the bartender/owner is always very knowledgable about the beer, asks what you normally like to drink and recommend a new, unique choice based on your preferences. I love that! Sometimes I'm like craving something but there's nothing more I hate than ordering a beer that just isn't what you wanted. They are accommodating to the cheap dates like me as well, they'll pour you a half pint if you ask. So in conclusion: Good beers, satisfying/well priced food, get those damn potato "chips", and enjoy!
Brought my wife and 2 teen children..Loved it..friendly family atmosphere..My daughter and I are vegetarian, son had beer battered chicken tenders, wife had a grilled chicken salad, and my daughter had the baked mac n cheese, and I had the grilled cheese...great staff, and away from the bar..the bar looked like fun, for another night..
A great pub in Troy! We were excited to see Finnbar's arrive in Troy and we still consider it our favorite pub in our now former city. Fantastic selection of craft brews, friendly staff, food choices which traverse the course from caloric-ly sinful to "mainstream" healthy...Finnbar's is a Troy Treasure. Been there numerous times. Just once did my order get messed up. When brought to our server's attention, the incorrect dish was removed and the correct entrée arrived shortly...with an apology for the server's error. Stop in and enjoy!
It's hard not to love a bar that is literally across the street from your friends' apartment. But Finnbar's isn't just convenient, they're awesome. Whether you're there for the food (which is gastropub deliciousness start to finish) or the beer, you're in good hands. The bartenders know their stuff and are happy to let you sample the beers before you order. Their waitstaff are friendly and fun, and the music is fantastic. It doesn't hurt that they offer a 42-oz birthday chalice for FREE on the day of your birthday, either. My friends and I have made Finnbar's our first stop on all of our birthday pub crawls since last fall, and that's a trend I don't see stopping anytime soon.
We live in Delmar so Troy can be a bit of a hike, especially in snow. Still, Saturday night, snow and freezing cold be darned, I convinced the boy to take a ride with me to Troy. Glad we did! Location! Troy parking confuses me despite having lived there for 4 years. Finnbar is right near a parking garage that's free nights and weekends. This is a major selling point when there is snow on the streets. Dinner itself was fantastic. While slightly cramped getting to our table, after a beer it didn't feel that way. I thought being seated by the stairs would be a bummer, but we got to see all the food come out and the server was easy to grab. I forget his name, but he was attentive and knew his beer. He even let me try a small taste of something I had wanted by Troegs. (These days there's no excuse not to have a decent craft beer draft list and Finnbar does not disappoint.) The food itself was yummy. We split a meat and cheese plate and even the boy, who normally doesn't like cheese, ate some of the cheddar while I could not get the blue in my belly fast enough. He had a fried chicken sando on special that he liked so much I was not offered a taste. But really, get the fish and chips. You get a hefty piece of white fish deep fried just right. It's crispy and moist and so good. While some might neglect the chips, not here. They are hand cut and seasoned well. Add in a left hand nitrous milk stout or three and you have the best way to spend a cold night.
Still a 5 star review as far as pubs go.  Here's a recent review of the place.... timesunion.com/default/a…
I really love Finnbar's. After 2 visits, my husband who gets the cottage pie and my daughter who gets a burger, are thrilled with the food after I drag them through the farmers market. The food is solid, the hipster wait staff is great, the beer selection is pretty awesome so why not 5 stars?  The food can be a little slow for a Saturday lunch but my biggest complaint is that on 2 visits my beer was served way too cold. I'm not sure if they chilled my glass or if their system is set up that way. I just don't like having to wait until it warms up enough to appreciate the fine brew I've been served. Despite the cold beer Finnbar's will definitely  be on my Troy rotation.
Growing and developing.  They seem to be taking their menu in more of a gastropub direction (which is a-ok) and doing a decent job growing and adjusting.  They have numerous gluten-free offerings; all you have to do is ask.  I would still love to see a few more traditional Irish offerings on the menu (read: made with blood). They are expanding their craft beer selection.   The sidewalk patio is awesome and my dog loves it too.  The back patio is a relaxed, hip, urban getaway without trying too hard to be awesome.  (I am still deeply disturbed by the fact that I can see over the stalls in the ladies room. I have a "thing" about that and have since this place was Holmes and Watson).  The side room where they had a show on St. Padraig's Days is beautiful and a lovely space to take in a trad session (brings me back to Killarney).   The wait staff is usually very sweet. (We may have got our waitress in trouble because we were chatting with her about Troy and dogs and life and the owner came out and kinda made an unnecessary "scene" that the table inside wanted dessert that wasn't going to serve itself....he could have been a lot friendlier to her in front of us and saved the discipline for private...or he could have just taken care of the dessert order) Things I'm not so fond of: their cheese and charcuterie plate was not good(delicious brie, but the meat pairing was completely wrong--spicy pepperoni?!).  They do not make a good margarita at all; it tasted "old".   All in all this is an very nice establishment that had some huge shoes to fill after its predecessor in the space.  Bravo.  And congratulations on your one year anniversary this month!
This place is just great. We were having a surprise going-away party and the owners could not have been more accommodating, helpful, responsive and just all around awesome. The beer selection is sweet, more than enough excellent craft beer choices. I'm picky with my beer and I can always find at least 3-4 great choices. Everything I've ever eaten here has been awesome. I stick mostly with the Irish stew but last night we had the wings with their signature whiskey sauce, sliders, and the shepherd fries and they were all insanely good. The homemade breads are excellent and really work well with the stew. We never really had a place in Troy where we liked eating outside so this place was a great find. I also have to mention the music because the playlist is always good. I really wish this place was open for lunch.
An Irish Pub with 24 beers on tap? Saints be praised!!! We had a very favorable experience at lunch today. Our beverages included red sangria -very tasty but a bit of a short pour for $10 - I mean combine a smallish glass plus ice and a lot of fruit and there's not a lot of sipping left for the consumer. We also had a heavenly Vanilla Porter ($6), and a really good Ithica Apricot Wheat for $5. Our food included a creamy and flavorful cup of Asparagus Soup ($5), two "small" (not small at all) Pecan Chicken Salads ($6) and Chicken Goojons ($6). The salads were great- a nice sliced slab of chicken breast served on greens with walnuts, strawberries and goat cheese. I had never seen the word "Goojon" before, so I just looked it up. Sometimes it's spelled as "goujons" and it means "a small strip of fish or chicken, coated in breadcrumbs and deep-fried". Today's version was a thickish serving of fried chicken that had the same look, texture, and crunch of the fish you commonly get in fish & chips. Yes, of course it was good, as were the fries -long spears that had a nice soft texture to them. Service was great- we were double teamed by a guy and the female bartender. They were both very attentive and friendly. Bottom line? A very pleasant lunch of food and beverages for 3 cost us $56. Yes, we are fans!
An Irish pub that actually kinda feels like a real Irish pub.  Located in the heart of downtown Troy, Finnbar's is a great casual place for regulars and anyone seeking a nice chill pub.  Of course they have Guinness on tap, but there is also a very good craft beer selection that changes regularly.  The food is not bad, and the portions are pretty big. Check out weekly specials. Aside from the beer selection, the real gem here is the back patio, Troy's best kept secret.  Come for the beer, stay for the beer.
They are on the right track. Can't wait to have black pudding! 'Would love to see that Irish Breakfast as a PLATE - not  just a sandwich. Music is too  loud and not Irish! The Cottage Pie was very tasty- but star anise does not truly belong in Irish food, does it? Slightly overwhelming...but the meat was yummy as was the champ. The mac n' cheese needed more cheese and a touch of heat....and more scallions..but the home made pasta was comforting (chewy)! They pour a good Guinness. We will be back.
It was a Tuesday night, and I had two things on my mind: beer and Olympics. Wait, no - I take that back. GOOD beer and and women's gymnastics. Being new to the Troy area, I asked around where I could find a place that had both of these things. I usually go for dive bars, which this place is not, but many of the bars in Troy are not divey so much as they are stabby. I try to avoid stabby. Finnbar's it was! SERVICE: Nope. Not really. I always give newbs on the block a decent few chances because I know that they just opened, they're busy, and there are going to be screw-ups, aneurysms, etc. This place was not busy. We sat down at the bar and was promptly ignored by the bar tender for about 10 minutes. When I finally got his attention, I made a joke about being in the 'no service section' of the bar, which got zero laugh or smile, just a blank look and a, "No, we serve this section of the bar." Apparently, Danielle not funny. Anyway, got some fries and wings. That's it. 30 minutes went by before he said he should probably go check and see where our food was. Again, not busy. Good thing we were entertained enough by good beer and watching Russia suck enough to ignore our rumbling tummies. Time to leave? Took another 10 minutes just to get his attention, even by trying to talk to him. If I had any advice for this bartender, it would be to try for 80% more attentiveness and work out that bedside manner. What's the most important thing about being a bartender besides making a decent drink? Being a talkie. Your bread and butter depends on it. ATMOSPHERE: Decent. Low lighting, lovely bar, wood interior, cozy, and an open room in the back to accommodate more tables for larger parties. Also a couple of tv's at the bar for sports, etc. Just my type. FOOD: Bearing in mind that they just opened and they're still fleshing out their menu, what I had could have used some work. I liked what I saw on the menu thus far, and I think it's awesome that their specials are (at least for now) taken from producers at the farmer's market. However, what I got did not 'wow' me, or even 'meh' me. These dishes seemed to have a great foundation, but felt unfinished. The Chips'n Cheese are house cut potatoes with Dublin cheese sauce (also able to get sweet potato fries with cinnamon cream instead). The fries were more like a baked potato cut into wedges. I wish that these were crisped up a bit more, either by baking or frying, I don't care, but they need one of those to be not soggy and fall apart. Also, they had no seasoning. Neither, by chance, did the cheese sauce, which tasted great, but needed a little something to dress it up. Perhaps some garlic, sea salt, and cracked black pepper, or I could see some tarragon going excellent with these. But SOMETHING. No one wants just soggy cut potatoes and plain cheese sauce. Dress it up, kids. The Whiskey Wings were decent for what felt like a plain-to-lightly-seasoned wing. In truth, they were disappointing. Why? I was excited about them because the description sounded delicious. "Wings, tossed with local honey, garlic comfit, lemon juice, butter and herbs, and then flambeed with Irish whiskey." Wow. Mouth-watering, right? I barely tasted any of these things on the wings. I'm not someone who needs strong flavors to appreciate - actually, a lot of my dishes are lightly spiced and more savory. But what I was hoping for and what I put in my mouth did not meet in the middle by a long shot. I don't know if they need to let them marinate more, or just use more seasonings, but this also needs to be fixed. Also, as a side note, I measured one stick of celery and it was approximately 1/8 of an inch in width. No more of that. BEER: Ahhhhhhh yes, the best part. EXCELLENT selection on draft, from Angry Orchard, Arrogant Bastard, Rare Vos, Left Hand Milk Stout, and so many tasty others. They had two specials at $3, which for the quality of the beer, was an excellent price. I completely forget the name of them, but one was an amber stout (a little too hoppy for me), and this AMAZING cherry draft that is now stuffed into my arsenal of one of my favorite beers. It's a Cinderella story, really... I went to the ball, we danced, and I left without even finding out her name. All I have is this pilfered pub glass to find her with. (Just kidding Finnbar, I didn't snag one. This time.) I'm anxious to see how they further develop their specials and, dare I say it, a happy hour? Overall, beer and atmosphere will make me come back to this place. But if you want this boat to float, take more pride in your service and your food.
We haven't been to this location since it was Holmes and Watson but we have been hearing good things about Finnbar's and finally made it in tonight before a show at the Troy Savings Bank Music Hall.  In all ways Finnbar's exceeded my expectations.  Although there was a wait for a table we were able to sit and eat at the bar.  As everyone else has noted the beer selection is great.  But, the food is also really delicious!  I had the fish and chips and it was the best fish and chips I've ever eaten.  My wonderful dining companion stuck with the classic burger and was not disappointed.  The service was great, the atmosphere was neighborly and cheery and the food and drink much better than your average pub.  We can't wait to return!
I've been here a few times now and it's a pretty nice place. Great selection of beers on tap, about two dozen. Friendly staff, pretty good service. I've had dinner here twice and can't say that I'm thrilled with the food. We've had a few different entrees and appetizers. Everything was pretty good, but not great. I found the portions to be a little skimpy for the price. I think the menu may need a bit of a re-tooling as a few things seem to be a bit of a reach for what is essentially a pub in downtown Troy. I'll continue to go here for a beer or two after work but there are a number of much better places to eat within walking distance
Went in on Saint Patrick's day for the first time this year. I was very impressed. I brought my mom along. She liked the feel of the place as much as I did. Simple, but warm and welcoming. We sat at a table right near the bar. Great beer selection, very nice full bar. Our server was happy to pour me a taste of a beer I hadn't tried before and made some very solid recommendations for both food and drink. Our food was wonderful and portions were right on par. The pricing was very fair. I tried a little of what everyone had and though it was all very good. I don't know what more to ask for from an Irish pub. We had a blast, the food was awesome and the drinks were on point. Great spot and a new favorite.
I also had the pleasure of eating at Finnbar's on Tuesday night. We sat out on their fabulous back patio for dinner with some friends and it was busy! We ordered the whisky wings, chips n cheese, fish n chips, Irish stew, cottage pie, turkey sliders, and for dessert...stuffed peaches with blueberry gastrique and greek yogurt! Our food came out pretty quickly and even if it hadn't my Left Hand milk stout and friends could have kept me fully occupied until it did. Everything was incredible and seasoned to perfection! All of the meet was juicy and tender...the close your eyes while it melts in your mouth kind of meals! I heard the other diners raving about their meals as well. Their specials are really something special too! Opening weekend I had their peach salad with blueberry vinaigrette and Bulgarian feta...it was quite possibly the best salad I have ever eaten in my life! We had a wonderful waitress. She was still learning the menu items, but was very sweet and apologetic, and attentive as well. We've had the opportunity to meet the owners as well as the chef's and the bar tenders, and found them all to be very friendly. I'm not sure why the previous diner had such a different experience on the same night, but I would recommend this place to all of my friends and family. The fact that they are commited to sending fresh, local ingredients out of their kitchen is huge for me, and I have a feeling Finnbar's will be a welcomed presence in this community for years to come!
Top notch friendly people. The food is wonderful. The beer selection is amazing. I remember many nights at Holmes & Watson's, but this surpasses the many fond memories. Nothing like a GREAT Irish pub to make you feel like you belong (even if you're not Irish). Boston may have Cheers, but Troy has Finnbar! Whiskey wings, Shepard fries, and Banshee sauce...must haves.
Truly friendly staff, decent draft beers, and OK food.  That pretty much sums up our recent visit. With about two dozen beers on tap, we started with a Troegs Perpetual IPA and a Magic Hat Smoked Porter ($6/ 16 oz. each; less $2 each during Happy Hour) since the Goose Island Nut Brown Ale had just kicked.  A large party of 6 children and 7 adults sitting across  from us, celebrating an eight years old's birthday, had just placed their order so we expected a delay in the kitchen.  Fortunately, staff must have arranged for our apps to come out before the large party was served, so we didn't have to wait an unreasonable amount time. We shared an order of Whisky Wings ($10) - about 9 wings, tossed with honey, garlic confit, butter and herbs, flambéed with Irish whisky (apparently in the kitchen) and served with Cashel blue dressing.  The wings were broiled, had nice char marks and plenty of meat.  The honey added a nice touch of sweetness with the herbs.  Definitely worth ordering again.  Even the Cashel dressing was excellent with the carrots and celery on the side. For her main course my wife ordered the Cottage Pie ($10) - slow roasted pulled beef and peas, topped with a potato champ cap and soda bread.  The dish is described as similar to a shepherd's pie, but with beef instead of lamb. Potato champ is explained as mashed potatoes with butter and green onions.  While my wife finished her meal she did not find the dish exciting.  The meat was tender, but she would have liked more of the gravy and more flavor.  The soda bread was dry, but had a good baking soda flavor. I ended up eating the soda bread with my cup of Pumpkin soup ($5/$10) that was on the Specials Menu.  The soup was very thick, had pumpkin flavor without being spiced up to taste like a liquid pie filling, and seemed like it was missing something.  I also ordered an Irish Pizza ($8) from the Lite Fare menu - a twice-fried boxti with melted cheese and seasonal toppings (sliced grape tomatoes).  A boxti is a cross between a potato pancake and a tortilla.  Usually wrapped around a filling such as seasonal greens and some meat, the pizza version is simply the potato pancake fried on both sides to give it sufficient structure to allow you to pick up a slice with its topping.  Other than the slice of cheese on the top, there was not much flavor to the grilled mashed potatoes. In spite of our disappointment with some of the food we sampled, we did see some other items that looked like they would be worth coming back to try... since the beer is good.  And since the beer was good, we finished with one more pint each - a Southern Tier ChoKlat and a Magic Hat Ravell Vanilla Porter.  Deserts consist of a selection of cheesecakes from Machismo in Albany.  I enjoyed a slice of Carmel Brownie cheesecake ($7).
This place has weaseled its way to #1 bar in my beer infested heart.     The owners are adorable and personable and the beer selection is changing more which makes it easier to run up my tab.  They have weekly food specials!  I really like having options. Options are good.  Try the curry cheese and fries. If you don't like it, give it to me.
Love the chicken goojons and, when they have it, fadge!  The chips with cheese sauce is excellent-I originally was skeptical, thinking it'd come out with that noxious orange sludge you see at other restaurants.  What a pleasant surprise to see parmesan cheese grated over the fresh chips and a generous bowl of a pamesan-alfredo sauce for dipping or pouring.  Many of the offerings are seasonal, and there are different specials and dishes constantly being offered.  The ambiance is great, and the back patio is perfect for a spring or summer dinner!  Definitely worth checking out :)
I don't often give 5stars but I Could not find anything to fault here. I had been going to Holmes and Watson since the 70s. The food was ok, but the beer was oddly priced. Last time I was there I was charges 7dollars for a yuengling draft. When I questioned the bartender she said "yeah, a lot of people have been complaining about that" . We went here on a Friday night. It was busy, but we were immediately seated on the back patio.....great beer selection and great service. I had the Irish stew which was a perfect blend of pungent lamb, great cabbage and hand cut carrots....the big surprise was the hot Irish soda bread....best I have ever had, and I have had a lot....Jayne ordered the Irish BLT.....they use Irish ham...wow, what a great sandwich. Appetizer was the fried mashed potato thing that most Irish restaurants have. Again....the best ever, creamy, crunchy and delicious.... We will be regulars.....
Love the Bulgarian salad... and I found out that the Greek salads are actually Bulgarian not Greek! Very helpful! Will visit again!
Food is overpriced and Of poor quality. Beer selection is ok but owner / bartender is extremely rude. Does not make you feel welcome and has a poor attitude.  One of the beers served was not actually what it was advertised as.  I would not recommend to anyone.
I went down on Troy Night Out one night for dinner with my sister and a friend. I have never really experienced much by way of Irish food, so I tried to stick to that so I could see what it was all about. I ordered the Shepherd's Pie - which was kind of a deconstructed pie. Our server was great, came over a good amount of times, without hovering too much. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and ingredients in the food and even helped make some recommendations. My dish was very good. Again, I never had anything remotely Irish food-like before, so I really did not know what to expect as far as the flavor palette was concerned. But I really enjoyed my dish. It was very warm, and comforting and hearty. Definitely the kind of dish I would enjoy on a cold, crisp day when you really just want some comfort food. They had a various assortment of cheesecakes for dessert that day, which I believe they said came from Cheesecake Machismo - which I had also been dying to try. I ended up getting a Chocolate chip cookie dough option, and it was phenomenal. I would go back here, and sample some of their other offerings as well.
I'm a regular here and love it!  Sean is a great host and with the new menu he has hit a home run!  The place is kept neat and clean and the staff are all pleasant and always have a good word for you.  A great place to stop and have a quick pint or a leisurely meal.  I had the fish and chips the other night for the first time and it was delicious!  Finnbar's is a lot of fun as well.
Solid food (a huge improvement over it's previous incarnation, Holmes & Watson). Pretty good beer selection and trivia on Wednesday nights. They aren't all that Irish, but do a pretty good job. The specials do incorporate seasonal veggies and other ethnic varieties like Indian or Cajun. I have to say, the jambalaya was terrible but I really like the lamb vindaloo. Nice upgrades to the interior, especially the tables in the dining room. They have a nice patio and an upstairs area as well. Staff is friendly too.
Stopped by Finnbar's pub on a Saturday night after I heard some good things & it has a new owner. Place was a lil quite but the staff was very friendly and there was a great selection of beers. Sat down and had a couple of pints and a cigar outside.  The owner came out to check on the "smokers" and he seemed like a nice Guy. This is not a bar for top 40 and slammed with 20 somethings being loud and rude. The crowd is more 30 somethings looking for a good meal and nice place to talk and enjoy themselves. I had a mini pizza and it was good for the price. Met a young lady and got contact info so I will be back again for sure!
Checked out Finnbar  last night (Tue). First let me say I usually like to give a new place a couple of times before a revues but with so many people talking about the Irish stew I wanted to add my 2 cents. The service was outstanding the bartender was very knowledgeable and helpful. The waiter was equally upbeat and attentive. As some people have said the food does take a while this is not a fast in fast out kind of place plan to hang out.   For Dinner I went with the Irish stew, I use the term Stew because that is what the menu says. In my mind it was close to soup, it was served in a shallow soup dish the portion was very small and not at all "Hearty" like you would expect from a stew. It looked like they put the dish together in pieces (broth, vegetables and meat) did not seem to be cooked together. The flavor was ok but for $12 the portion was small not what I expected. Irish bread that came with was tasteless   menu says Delicious with rich butter but non-was provided!!  Cheesecake Machismo for desert can't go wrong top notch! I may go back for a pint but I will skip the food to many chooses in Troy for under par food at premium prices.
My husband and I went here last night with a group of friends to celebrate someone's bday. This was my first time there but I really enjoyed it. The place was consistently full from 8pm-11pm and thinned out by midnight when we left. The music was really fun here. The song choices were all over the map but every song got you talking about old memories. Metallica, hip-hop, 90s, 2000's. We all drank beer. I had a Brooklyn pumpkin with a cinnamon and sugar rimmed glass which was super fun and tasty. Also enjoyed an amber ale and an Irish red. I didn't order food but my friend got the chicken tenders and they looked homemade and amazing. The bartenders were all very nice as was the owner who I recognized as a bartender at a bar I used to go to in albany. Was nice to see he has opened his own place! The other patrons kept to themselves enough yet were friendly. I would def go back but next time I would eat dinner. Everything looked great that people ordered.
Table for two. We ordered wings and bangers. It took 1.5 hours to be served cold food. We were very disappointed.
A dissapointing remake of Holmes and Watson, this may be a good place to get a beer in Troy, but don't stay for dinner.  The food selections are extremely limited, with the menu seemingly limited to Irish lunch items.  The rooms are loud, though the outside dining remains a nice alternative.  Bottom line: have a beer outside, and go somewhere else for dinner.
Food and beer are great.  Very attentive staff that makes you feel welcomed.  The only reason for 4vs.5 stars is music is some times load and it is not Irish.  Would love a mix of some Irish music vs. alternative rock.  All in all great place for a drink and food.
I'll confess, I was a long-time fan of the old Holmes & Watson establishment. Of course, that meant that I had a certain skepticism as to this new bar which now occupied the same space. I have to say, I have been pleasantly impressed. In the three times that I have stopped by Finnbars since it opened, I have received excellent service, fine food and great beer. The ambiance is bright and upbeat, and I've always had a consistently pleasant vibe from the place.The bartenders and wait staff go out of their way to make sure you are well taken care of, being both attentive and friendly. The selection of beers is fantastic, featuring both classic imports (Newcastle, Harp, Guinness, etc) and some lesser known but very tasty microbrew craft beers (try the Left Hand Milk Stout in particular). Their food is similarly impressive. They have very tasty specials each night, and the staples (wings, burgers, fried cheese) each have their own uniquely positive twists. I would highly recommend it to anyone venturing out and about in their quest to enjoy Troy!
