Folks are friendly, pizza is great, terrific deal on the beach in Daytona. Been five times now and not dissappointed yet.
Great pizza, outstanding Woodchuck pear cider.  Hits the spot....
The pizza was delicious! I have no complaints. I went in after seeing a movie and my pizza was ready in about 5 minutes. The staff was friendly and I like that you can also create your own pizza. My mom had a salad and she enjoyed that as well.
Thinking about a quick bàked bite? This it. Pizza done in a flash. Choose your toppings or pick from the novelty menu. Pizza fully baked and boxed within 4-5 mins. Great to take into the movie theaters. Give it a try. Something different than popcorn and nachos!
Amazing service , Subway style line formation get a pizza for like ten bucks but keep it simple the first time
We came here for a casual, late dinner (around 9:00pm) which happened to have been on my Birthday!  We had just arrived in Daytona after a big day of driving, and wanted good Pizza.  Thanks to Yelp for recommending My Pi Pizza! We each ordered our own pizza which is wonderful, because my boyfriend and I can't agree on pizza toppings.  I got The Kitchen Sink and he had Pepperoni and Bacon.  He did at first say that he didn't taste any bacon, but after a few more bites he did, so they should probably go a little heavier on that.  Our food was ready in 8-10 minutes, the atmosphere was nice, we got to sit outside, and we both agreed it was very good pizza.  Oh, and we had about 1/4 left of each to take back to the Motel Room which we put in the fridge to eat for breakfast the next morning.  It was perfect the next day.  Great Pizza!
Great pizza - great location too overlooking the ocean. They custom make 9" pizzas starting from partially baked pies. Sort of like a Papa Murphy's with an in house oven. Wait is less than 10 min. They are on the third floor with a small patio. Pizza and beer for 10.50, a great deal on the beach! They have just opened, so they are still training staff, taking delivery of draft beer hardware, etc. Looking forward to coming back next time I am in Daytona. They are right between the Wyndham Ocean Walk and the Hilton.
The service was very fast. The pizza was just ok. Make sure you ask for extra sauce. I got back to the hotel and the pizza was so dry. It's 75 cents for an extra topping. .the pizza comes with three toppings for right at $8 . ..prices wasnt bad...jus remember extra sauce unless u like dry pizza.
opened earlier this year in july, this place IMO is an absolute hit!!! the place is hip... has got a cool atmosphere/vibe... has inventive/creative and daring combinations like the PIracha and the Sparticus! ...ample seating w multi floor layout... flat screen TVs showing your favorite sport events... ...and btw, they serve beer and wine so skip the usual hangout spot and check out this joint!!! the pizza was delicious... tasted fresh and light... and the personal size was just perfect and hit the spot blissfully!!! friendly staff... there is a rewards program available for anyone to join for free... just go to mypiperks.com and sign up! my only gripe is that the restroom facilities are located outside the premises in this case at the theater side next door. if you looking for something new and exciting, definitely check this place out folks!!! ...bon appetit!
Ate here today to find refuge from a bad storm. If you're just driving by, just keep going. I'm sure there are better, more convenient places to find pizza. Once I found parking in the giant parking garage, I felt like a lab rat trying to locate my Pi once leaving the safety of my car. the entrance of the restaurant is tucked to the left of the movie theatre. Once you're inside, it appears as if they're attached? If I was interested in any of the movies playing I would have considered taking my pizza in for a show. Walking up, I was greeted by "Justin." It was a strange set up. I wasn't sure where to order since the guy just took money from the customer in front of me and was now going to make my pizza? Uh...yuck. I ordered a pizza with mozzarella, feta, bacon and was encouraged to "add one more topping!" by Justin. I really didn't want to, but whatever. I ordered a soda to go with my pizza ($2.50) - for the size, wow. I'm an adult. Can I please get an adult sized cup? Not worth the price. But hey, maybe this is because it's attached to the movie theatre? My pizza was $7.50 and my total was $10. It came out in a few minutes, relatively quickly. The restaurant had a few seats outside and more tables inside. There was a bit of trash on the tables and floor, so I sat where I felt more comfortable inside. My pizza was nothing to brag about actually, but I got the rest to go in a nice box anyway. I'm thankful I did! By the time I figured out how to get out of the "mall," and locate my car, it was comforting to know I had food with me in case I was stuck there. Nice adventure, but not interested in returning. Btw, parking was $5. Try to ask the movie theatre staff if they'll stamp your parking ticket for the first 3 hours free.
I ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and was impressed how good it was. The pizza dough was crispy yet soft and the toppings really complement each other. The pizza is a good size to share with one other person and the service was quick
WOW!! I LOVE this pizza! The gal who made my pizza was very friendly and the pizza was seriously sooo goooood!  We ate outside watching the ocean waves for about 7 minutes before our personal pizzas were done. I made a custom pizza - basil, mushroom, onions, and it was heavenly. It was the perfect size - I ate the whole thing and still had room for ice cream later. The crust was nicely done - not burnt and not greasy. I would like to see a gluten free crust in the future. Mine had fresh basil and the other pi did not. The flavor difference was so great, I think fresh basil should be mandatory on all of their pi's. The place is kinda connected to the movie theater so it's a great choice for a quick dinner if you are pressed for time before a show.
If you love making pizza your own way, want fresh ingredients, at a price that seems too good to be true come to MyPi. The quality of the pizza makes the price a steal. The taste is totally dependent on your personal touch. More than the regular chain options for sauces, cheese, and toppings. And an added bonus: you can enjoy your personal Pi in the theatre! :-)
We came here on vacation, family of four, and we each ordered our own pizza and it was ready in about 5 minutes! Super fast! We enjoyed being able to create our own pizza, the kids could have split one, but leftover pizza is always good. The crust wasn't as good as other pizza places, but it was good enough. The "craft beer" selection was pitiful, but we didn't come for the beer so it is worthy of 3 stars.
Great pizza with a cool concept. I love having food my way so this place I will defiantly Come back to.  I also liked not waiting so I could drink my beer my friend had A glass of wine and relax eat and watch the ocean.  A must go to place.
I apologize for my first review to this restaurant I realized this was the wrong restaurant. I thought this place was the one located in the board walk. I loved this Pizza, fresh, great location, clean and staff is very friendly. Thank you for answering my review and I'll be more careful next time.
Great pizza and service.
