LOVE THIS PLACE! If you are looking for a place for a nice night out surrounded by great atmosphere, friendly and knowledgable staff AND the feeling that you have stepped back in time, this is the place to go.  The drink menu is incredible and the I love the "house rules" (no cell phones, cash only...).  I've taken friends here who have fallen in love with this place as well.  While the drinks are a little pricy, they are well worth it and the appetizers are great as well.  And what makes this place even better is the live jazz groups that perform.  Have gone again and will continue to go.  Easily my favorite bar in Albany.
Easily one of the best lounges I've ever been to, based on the cocktail selection. Of course, as a result of the "no phones, no photos" policy, I can't quite recall what drinks I HAD but both were without a doubt worth the $14 price tag. I've been to many prohibiton style bars before but most (at least in NYC) tend to be pretty gimmicky with the extent of "speakeasy" meaning weak gin & tonics in teacups and Bud Lights in paper bags. That said, I liked 518 from the start, and by that I mean ringing a doorbell on a deserted lane under a soft orange glow of a single bulb. Sexy! The low lit interior with its cozy, chic feel (exposed brick, bar crowded with every kind of bitters known to man) paled in comparison to the extensive menu of upscale libations - traditional cocktails and modern twists on classics. Apart from some kind of elixir with gin, lavender, and a bevy of fragrant spices (it tasted like Christmas), I ordered a bourbon cocktail with lime and a tangy raspberry shrub. The tantalizing mix of citrus, fruity vinegar, and bourbon was pretty close to perfection. I think it's safe to say that I'll be back - and soon.
Wonderful bar in Downtown Albany. Craft cocktails, under the supervision of Robert Mack, in the smartly-decorated lower level of City Beer Hall.  Ring the doorbell, ask if you may have a drink inside, and enjoy. For those that need suggestions, the menu provides two lists of cocktails: one of timeless classics, and another that highlights the bartenders' own creations.  The choices rotate every few months. Customized cocktails are also available if they have the ingredients. The drinks are artfully crafted, but they still pack a punch, so pace yourself. The spirits list is well curated. You won't see Jack Daniels or Grey Goose on the menu.  You find spirits from local and smaller distillers, as well as foreign producers that are not normally stocked locally. Be sure to ask what beers are on tap. Usually they have one or two high-end craft beers that have been well chosen. A couple of wine options are also available. The atmosphere is also a big plus. This is not a bar to pick-up singles or drink to excess. It is a place to bring a small group of good friends and enjoy good conversation over a few drinks. Privacy and comfort of guests is the focus here. Volume is kept at respectable levels, no photos are allowed, and patrons must step outside (or perhaps into the bathroom) if they want to check their cellphones. A dress code is encouraged by the staff, but not enforced in a snobby way.  Gentlemen might feel uncomfortable and out-of-step if not wearing a dress shirt or jacket.  Live music is regularly offered around 9pm each night and sticks to a jazz/prohibition era theme. Service is also on point. Bartenders are dressed in waistcoats and ties and the floor service is attentive and helpful.  It is also a place where it is okay to ask questions about the drinks and spirits. The bartenders and staff are happy to help educate you. The small bites menu offers some tasty morsels (the deft hand of City Beer Hall chef Dimitrios Menagias pleases again), cheese and charcuterie, but the portions will not substitute for a dinner. It is an ideal spot for post-dinner drinks. Reservations are recommended, especially for groups. Cash only (cocktails run in the $12 range).  Parking Tip: Park on State Street between Lodge Street and the Capitol.
To be fair the cocktails,decor , feel of the place and live music were good . The attitude of the girls that work there ( not sure if it was a manager nor do I care ) telling you to put our phone away  when you are checking emails because " we are a cell phone free environment" is a bit ridiculous to say the least. Just that they say that they don't believe in social media nor they allow you to take pictures because they want to " remain on the down low". Is a little ridiculous. Don't you like money?. Yes, we all do. That's what I thought ...
This is by far the best drinking experience I've ever had. I came with my boyfriend, my college roommate and her boyfriend, with whom we were visiting. They told us we were going somewhere special. From entering to exiting this place is amazing. The ambience is perfect. We went on a Saturday night and got to enjoy the band to add to the feel of the place. We ordered so many drinks we lost count. I had the Paloma and Gibson girl which were incredible. My bf's favorite was the 'malice in wonderland'. It was more like a food tasting than a drink. So good! We also shared the SOS--- yum!Even the bathrooms in this place are awesome. The employees are extremely knowledgeable and truly know what it means to be in the hospitality business. This establishment is a breath of fresh air for the Albany bar scene. Congrats K+A on becoming members!
My boyfriend took me here this weekend as part of my birthday dinner. We stopped in for drinks, and in a nutshell, I'm in love with it. He had been there before, so he told me a bit about it, but I don't think any explanation can do it justice, it's just too different (in a good way). We sat at the bar which was lined with bitters of every flavor and variety imaginable. There was a "menu" that had a variety of drinks, but I chose to have the bartender create mine for me. The drinks were like nothing I ever had before, and I loved that he told me everything that was in them and the history behind it. All of the staff was extremely friendly, and in a honest way, not in a fake manner, it was clear that they really like their jobs. The decor and general atmosphere was just perfect. Great music, (perfect volume) and period accurate furniture! I have not stopped talking about this place, and am already making sure we have plans to go back! It is probably one of the best (if not the best) hidden gems in Albany.
Who knew Albany could do a speakeasy-style bar better than many NYC and Philly counterparts? Bravo. These guys got the details right and offer a surprising alternative to the bland bro bars of the Pearl St scene. We were lucky enough to walk up and get seats at the fantastic slate bar replete with friendly, knowledgeable bartenders in 1920's garb. From what I've heard, it's generally wise to make a reservation a few days in advance. Go!
Putting this experience to words will be hard, but I'm going to do my best. Some people balk at the setup of the Speakeasy-- they find it precious or pretentious, don't like being told to meet a dress code or to leave their cell phone behind, or maybe they just don't enjoy the uncertainty of whether or not they'll make the list. But if you're willing to follow the rules, you will be treated to an experience like none other. My friends and I had a reservation for eight o'clock. We rang the bell and were immediately confronted by the hostess, who asked curtly if she could help us. We gave our names and assured her we had a reservation; after she'd consulted the book to be sure, she ushered us back to an intimate booth where our waitress in a short black dress and long lavalier of pearls passed us little menus with a cozy selection of cocktails. She was knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive, definitely one of the best examples of table service at a bar that I've seen in a long time. The staff all seemed to take their roles as envoys from the 1920s very seriously, and yet they were having fun with it. It made us feel even more at ease, and even more like we'd been transported back in time. I got the Last Word, and it was hands-down the best cocktail I've ever had in my life. Perfectly balanced, cool and tart and smooth, it was exactly what I'd wanted and then some. My friends also felt that way about their drinks. Whatever magic is being stirred behind the bar at the Speakeasy, we all benefitted from it. And then the music started. Soft piano, saxophone, and a guy with a gorgeous voice kept us company as we nursed our drinks-- not too loud, which was impressive as we were seated right beside them, but loud enough that they could be heard everywhere in the bar. I don't usually like live music; I find it distracting. But this was perfect, and added the final touch to the ambience of the place. It's hard to convey the excitement and sense of drama that comes with an experience like this. All I can say is that if you, like my friends and I, have an active imagination and an appreciation for performance, and enjoy the artistry and history that go into crafting the perfect cocktail, your night will be intoxicating in all senses of the word. I can't wait to come back to the Capitol region, so I can make another reservation at the Speakeasy-- and hope I'm lucky enough to make the list again.
Love that not just ANYBODY can get in. Love that you aren't suppose to use your phone, or cameras. Love that they say you shouldn't bring anyone you wouldn't leave alone in your house. Love all the drinks, they were kind enough to explain in detail what all the ingredients were in the drink I wanted but wasn't sure about some of the items in the drink. They clearly hired bartenders who know their liquor and love what they do. I was really impressed with everything and although I'm usually a beer drinker I appreciate a good mixed drink. This place is great. Cash Only.
Very nice change for Albany. A classy spot nice for a date or more intimate conversations as the music is just very light low-key jazz. That was actually my only complaint-perhaps on another night different music would have enhanced the experience, but the quite sweet jazz was frankly pretty dull, and following the theme hopefully the Speakeasy can get something with more punch. Drinks are phenomenal and the bartenders are creative, remember they're not cheap and you have to pay cash so prepare accordingly. The no cell phone rule is kind of cool, but they have bothersome rules about seating (they essentially assign you as seat at the bar no matter how much room there is). I would go back.
This Speakeasy is amazingly beautiful and thoughtful, especially for Albany, NY. This place is the 3rd installment brought to you by the owners of City Beer Hall.   The latest addition to this beautiful building includes the grotto which has morphed into this magical bar. This is hands down one of the most beautiful bars I have ever had the pleasure of entering, which by the way is not easy. My first attempt was after a few drinks upstairs with the amazing bartender Elizabeth.  Once I saw plates being carried downstairs I inquired and she told me a few brief things about it. So I leave and walk around the corner to the red light and papered up door. I ring the bell ONCE. I waited a couple minutes and a young lady with a stern face and hand on her hip barks; may I help you?  I say, yes, I was just upstairs and I was now on my way to dinner and may I come in for a look?  NO was her answer, NO LOOKING. Door closes. Two days later I plotted my arrival and the same young lady comes out after I ring the bell ONCE.  She may have recognized me, not sure. She asked if she could help me.  This time I said, do you have room for one at the bar?  YES, sure, come in. WOW. I entered and found myself inside the gorgeous grotto complete with roaring fireplace, intimate seating, low lighting, unique reclaimed green glass topped booth tables, gorgeous. Complete with tufted dark leather booths.  As I walk around the small bar I notice the other details: gold gilded sofas, barbershop chair, old piano.  Impressive. The time the bartender took with me was AMAZING.  It honestly took me 20 minutes to decide which boozy drink I wanted, all $12.   The left side of the cocktail menu is classic Prewar cocktails. The right side of the menu listed more classic cocktails.  I went for the left and I ordered the amazing Original Tequila Sunrise. This hand crafted cocktail was so delicious I nursed it the whole time I was there which was about an hour. I ordered the rabbit rillettes with charred bread, $8. amazing.  The little jar of potted meat was beyond perfect.  The flavor was earthy, meaty with hints of either cinnamon or coriander or both.  WOW.  I have had rillettes all over the world and this was the best I have ever had. If you find yourself in Albany and you like this kind of thing do yourself a favor and put this place on your radar, you can thank me later. As a side note I would like to add the douchy dude with the long beard needs to lighten up a bit.  I interacted with him briefly, boy is HE FULL OF HIMSELF. CASH ONLY.  NO CELL PHONES. Disconnect for a while and enjoy.
As a history buff, this spot sounded right up my alley. I went on a Thurs evening with my boyfriend, and was perhaps a little too dressed up (I saw several people there in jeans) but I imagine on a Friday/Sat evening it's worth it to get fancy. Despite being over dressed, I was still quite comfortable. One guy came in in this gorgeous silver suit, so I was not alone! The clientele were quiet and polite. The atmosphere is what really stands out here- whoever designed this place has a true talent for the theatrical. Small oil lamps flicker on re-purposed booth tables, brick walls sport a variety of antique prints and even an old radio or two, there's an old 20s phone, and a fire crackles in a hodge-podge lounge... while not an authentic whole (I think a true 20s Speakeasy would throw most modern people off), the whole set up is incredibly mellow and relaxing, and it does feel like slipping into someone's fantasy of the 20s. I felt like I could fully devote my attention to the drinks and the food. The drinks were fantastic! Nothing too sweet or too bitter. We got the Aviation, Paloma, and The Gibson Girl. The food was interesting- pork belly on a bed of leafy greens and pickled egg, and a delicious charcuterie plate- but it's not the sort of place you could really grab dinner at, which is fine... you're too busy soaking in the live jazz music and watching the awesomely bearded bartenders to want to spend too much time eating. Out waitress was sweet and attentive, and she also had a good sense of humor without seeming fake- she was relaxed and friendly. Also, bonus points to the waitresses for looking very 20s! I loved their makeup/hair/clothes. I think next time I will sit at the bar... I'm a bit intimidated by the bar tenders, who almost look TOO cool, but I'd love to hear how they found recipes/ingredients for the authentic cocktails. After stopping in once, I was immediately interested in becoming a member... but apparently you can only do that by going frequently, becoming friendly with the wait staff and the bar tenders, etc, and alas, with cocktails at 12 a pop and as I live an hour away, I don't think my wallet can handle that sort of relationship building. In all, this is a somewhat expensive place, but well worth it. Very romantic, and I could also see it being a ton of fun with friends. I can't wait to bring other people I know to check it out.
Well, I'm going to mess up this rave yelp review streak with a little bit of criticism. Hope ya'll don't mind (also hope I'm not un-allowed into this place for this critique). I've been to the Speakeasy twice, once on a soft opening, where a friend of a friend invited us and another time I came as a 5th wheel with 2 couples.   There is the whole "enigma" of this place, people who hear about it are either interested in the concept , visit, and thoroughly enjoy it. OR they hear the idea, don't really get the concept, think it sounds a little silly and just skip it altogether. I think you'll find this place will get lots and lots of great reviews for this reason alone. The drinks are very very very very good. The opening we went to the atmosphere was very relaxed and we were able to sit wherever we wanted (very different than the experience now).  I liked that I was able to talk up the bartender/mixologist and I learned a lot about spirit-based drinks, bitters, ice cube shapes, glass shapes, etc. He seemed to really enjoy what he was doing and I liked actually chatting with a bartender for once. You can tell the drink menu is heavily considered and a little over the top. That being said I both times ordered a simple Manhattan and it was perfection and like no Manhattan I have ever tried before. I avoided the drink menu but I know the people I was with loved the complex drinks they got. The service, especially the people on the phone, opening the door, serving you drinks seem very "aloof" and awkward. The waitress both times stumbled over the drink menu when asked about it and more than once picked up a drink that I hadn't  finished yet. Also, when there was 5 of us, they made us sit at a booth clearly made for 4 butts not 5. They made a squish and didn't seem to mind that we looked uncomfortable. I guess thats the whole "this is a cool, unique place so it's ok if we aren't happy/smiley helpful workers because it's sort of a pain in the ass to come here in the first place" vibe didn't do me over.
Wow. This place is so magical. I was completely floored by the time and effort that must have gone into making this place what it is. I have never felt so transported as I did the two times I came here for what I thought were going to be simple nights out with friends. It was so much more than that. The outside looks pretty unassuming, and the only marker that there is anything of note is the dim red light in the doorway. You ring the doorbell and ask if there are any seats available at the bar. If so, they allow you inside. If there is a wait they can put you on a list and call you when seats become available. Very fancy. Once inside, it's like you've stepped into a time machine. It's darkly lit, everyone is dressed in period outfits from the Prohibition era, and the music is timeless. The first night I was here it was gentle acoustic guitar, the second time it was a piano player and a saxophonist.  The back bar is well stocked, and the bartenders are very knowledgeable. The drinks are also VERY strong, but this is not a bad thing at all. I know this is going to sound weird but, the bathroom was one of my favorite parts. Seriously, at least peek inside! It's awesome. It's cash only, which only adds to the old-timey feel. No cell phones allowed, and no pictures. To be honest, I didn't even notice the passing of time because I wasn't checking my phone for the time. It was magical.
"Reservations are for tables only.  Bar seating is first-come first-served. Ring the doorbell and if there is room, you can enter." I spent 5 hours being charmed by the ambiance, hydrated by the strong drinks, comforted by the seating arrangement, and dazzled by the conversation. I never once felt pressured to buy drinks (though, I readily was ready for my next try at the affordable menu), and never felt pressured to leave. The waitress was amazingly helpful in selecting a drink, and the live musicians on/off performance was perfect for the low-key night. I really liked how it wasn't crowded and dimly lit escape from the real world. Order the FLIGHT OF LIQUOR - 3 half-size liberation's for just a few bucks more than one full-size. CASH-only, and tip well!
Excellent atmosphere, great drinks and wonderful service. Cocktails created with an intelligence unsurpassed in this area. The bartenders seamlessly meld flavors, incorporating the subtle essences with some excellent craft liquors. I will enjoy coursing through their entire menu over the next few visits. An absolutely great way to detach and unwind.
Charming. I almost cried. So beautiful. So thoughtful. The service is excellent. The drinks are some of the best cocktails I have ever had. The Jack Rose was delicious. The virgin Shirley Temple I got was the best Shirley Temple I have had in my entire life. You need to be dressed up in order to get in. Call ahead and make a reservation if you want to sit on the couches or in a booth. The bar is open seating. There was a pianist playing 1920s/1930s music. The staff dress as if they live in the prohibition era. Impeccable. Gorgeous. This will transport you back in time. Do not use your phone or camera while there.
Undoubtedly the best bar in the city.   You enter under a dimly red-lit canopy, to a door that looks boarded up and ragged.  You're greeting by a stern, "May I help you?"  If there is room, you have a reservation, or are a member, you are welcomed into a cocktail lover's oasis.  The bar is beautiful 2-inch thick stone, lit by old looking incandescent lights and home to a mixologists dream.  The bartenders will never not smile and greet you warmly, and their knowledge of cocktails is staggering. The drinks are always well made, with care and time put in.  A delight is to go off the menu and challenge a bartender to surprise you.   Dress sharp, listen to some jazz and have a few of the best cocktails in the city.
I really like this place. The bartenders are very friendly, patient and knowledgable and the ambience is a good change of pace. Reservations for the booths, otherwise you might be able to get a spot at the bar.
The speakeasy is a gem for sure. I find myself hunting down places like this in the cities i visit like dc and nyc. Finally we have one in our own back yard. The romance of this spot is unbelievable. The decor, music and lighting work together along with a wonderful staff to help one escape for a while. I stopped in on a Saturday night without a reservation and was able to find a spot at the bar. I absorbed the interesting cocktail menu and other offerings before ordering a cocktail. After finishing my drink I decided on trying the Albany Distilling products as I work in retail and would love to support local if it tickled my taste buds. The bartenders were very accommodating to my request and brought out a couple crackers so I could clear my palate in between tastes. While I was enjoying my drinks a fellow played jazz guitar for about an hour which was very relaxing. This is probably my favorite spot in Albany but it won't be for everyone. Leave the jeans at home and your cell phone in your car. Sit back, relax and have a nice cocktail in one of the best joints in the capital district.
Fantastic atmosphere, top notch staff and the best Sazarac I have ever had. If you are looking for a good place to dress fancy, sample well crafted spirits and take in some live jazz, this is a must.
Every one deserves a 1/2 star for effort. That is where Speakeasy 518's constellation ends. (Unfortunately, I'm forced by yelp to give it at least a full star.) Speakeasy 518 is, in a word, sophomoric. The drinks were nothing special; they were just pretentiously prepared and presented. I could opine at length but can't be bothered. Speakeasy 518 is just that, not worth the bother.
A close run thing for 5*.  Atmosphere is fabulous: honestly, better than Chicago's The Office which is the archetype.  On first try, though, drinks not quite there for 5*; but we'll still return for a second and third try.  Very reasonable prices, no pressure, knowledgeable and friendly staff.  Delighted that Albany can support this.
I heard about Speakeasy through a friend and have been a number of times. Each time has been a wonderful experience. The candle lit establishment oozes ambiance; the brick walls, oriental rugs, luxurious couches and decorative period touches make for an atmosphere unlike that of any other bar or lounge in the area. I have been there during the week as well as on the weekends and each time there has been live jazz. Sip a cocktail at the bar, sit at a booth and try one of the small plates, or relax on the sofas. Superb mixologists stir up both prohibition era and newer age unique cocktails. The drinks are spectacular and strong; no fillers here! There is a drink menu but the bartenders are amazing and they will make up a drink for you off the menu if you cant decide or don't know what you want. There is a lengthy list of spirits from which to choose, including some selections from local distilleries. This is a place where women wear vintage cocktail dresses, and men sport fedoras, vests, and a bow tie. The waitresses and bartenders look as though they stepped out of a 1920s movie; nothing like a costume, just avant-garde and cool.  At the same time they are incredibly helpful, down to earth and totally unpretentious. The bar is first come first serve, the booths and sofas require a reservation. Bring cash because they don't take cards.  I like that you can't use your phone inside; it makes for better conversation.  There's more to tell but you should check it out for yourself! You'll be happy you went
Just went tonight and the group had a great time.  The drinks were delicious and the atmosphere was so cool.  The only thing we regretted was not getting there earlier to hear more of the live music. We kept craning our heads to see if the guys would come back to play more.   Definitely coming back.
