Two words Cuban sandwhich It's the best $!0 you can spend on food on Lark Street.  PERIOD! Not only does the thing weigh about 2lbs, it tastes delicious! The pulled pork is juicy and plentiful, the yellow mustard is tangy and the pickles are fresh and add snap to every bite. You can tell the people that make this sandwich love what they do. Wash it down with a $3 draft beer from 4-7m-f and it's as good as it gets..
Went here for brunch. No crowd whatsoever, but it smelled clean and we were hungry so we just went with it. Cornbread with strawberry mint butter was amazing; the bread was moist and delicious and the strawberry mint butter really went well with it even though it sounds weird. I had steak and eggs, rare and scrambled. It was more of a medium rare but still decent. The eggs were fluffy and buttered. Potatoes were well seasoned. All in all cheap brunch with standard fare.
Homemade hash on point! Nice spot needs some upgrading in the back dining area but food is always good Chef Lateef Clark
Our experience with Justin's was overall good, with caution. It needs to be pointed out that there is a lounge/dining room separate from the bar area. If I hadn't asked and went on the appearance (and slight vomity/stale dirty bleach water smell in the bar area), we would've left. The dining area is a nice room, and it's probably really cool when there's live music. I had a mojito which was well prepared ( bit sweet, which I like), and we ordered the crab cakes and corn fritters.  Even though the crab was canned, the cakes were tasty. The fritters were really melt in your mouth scrumptious. I ordered the jerk chicken, which was recommended by both bartender and waitress. The chicken was tender, veggies and rice well prepared. HOWEVER, I did not care for the spices (cinnamon???) on the chicken AT ALL. I couldn't eat more than 3 bites. I have had jerk chicken many times, in restaurants and by Caribbean friends. This was the weirdest version I've tried.   I imagine some people enjoy it (I ordered it due to reviews here), but I can presume they never had authentic jerk. The service was very good, courteous and friendly. I would go back perhaps but would order something different.
I've been there several times and have never been disappointed. The food has always been excellent. The wait staff is always on the ball and the bartender s make VG drinks. Very clean and VG jazz/blues music.
Nice Space, pretty good food, dark and smells bad The first thing I noticed walking in was the smell - it smells like dirty barmats  It really needs a deep cleaning.  Classic & classy city restaurant space, though too dark for me, especially at lunch. Jerk Chicken Sandwich was very good.  Sides weren't worth the calories.
Not sexy, kinda trashy.  i think the male bartenders should show some cleavage too.   The reason for the bump up: they actually didn't completely fail at pouring my Guinness this time.  It wasn't perfect, but they do get an honorable mention for at least attempting to pull the pint correctly.   If you are in the 30 and over crowd the best time to go here is either during the week or from happy hour to 9:30p on Friday.  It was crazy loud after 9:30 and those little space invaders have no idea about personal space and may as well have been sitting on my bar stool with me. Punks. People do a lot of shots here and by the time we left the whole place reeked of redbull and vodka.  My advice: no good can come from doing shots.
Justin's is a shitty ass place to go to because of the kind of ignorant people who goes there. Ignorant prejudice people. I came in as a paying customer to eat dinner sitting at the bar. The staff there did nothing when my husband and I was harass by their other customers. They were calling us names as if we were in elementary. They even picked off my plate and ate my food! My husband pushed the plate to them and said, take it since you touched our food. They even made a comment that it was a "white people's " bar why are there "Chinese" people here? Funny because the 30 minutes that we were there we spent over 200 then the long hours that those douchbags were there. I feel sorry for owners who support people like that. I would NEVER return to this place NOR recommend it to anyone! I would tell EVERYONE I KNOW ABOUT THIS PLACE. If I can give zero star I would.
This used to be my favorite bar on Lark street. They have good cocktails, food, and a nice selection of draft beers. I was a regular. Recently however, the atmosphere and service have been on the decline. Me and my friends have had issues with incorrect credit card charges and an unwillingness by management to help out. I used to love the crowd that would be in there on the weekends. Now if you walk in there after 9PM you could get stabbed.
The food was awful, the place is a dump (though the dining room next to the bar area is nice), and the service is poor.  Rice and vegetables that accompanied our dishes were taken from a commercially prepared frozen bag.  Add insult to injury, it suffered from freezer burn.  Any place this bad should just give up on the larger menu that could mislead you into thinking they are a bona fide restaurant, and slim it down to what it can't really screw up too badly--like burgers and wings, maybe some pasta dishes. Bar and live music might be appealing, but not to me.  With other places to eat and drink around Lark Street, I wouldn't bother with this place again.  What a disaster.
A nice downtown spot with classic interiors and a classy bar. Visitors from California will enjoy laughing at the prices east coasters pay for mediocre CA wines. In my experience the food has been great, from the warm rolls with scallion butter to start, to the perfectly tangy, worcestershired "smashed" potatoes and sauteed fennel over a generous, moist ribeye steak. My only question about the ribeye was why serve it with five extra inches of fat? Why not just cut it off? It's not like I'm going to eat it. The Moroccan swordfish tagine was better than expected, with tomato, olives and cous-cous. Not too much liquid, and didn't overpower the fish. Service was a little salty, but the place seemed to be trying for stuffiness. I wasn't offended because they weren't quite succeeding. Overall, a classically nice dining experience in a convenient downtown location.
I have extremely mixed feelings about Justin's. The food used to be much better than it is now - it seems like there's been a major change since the new owner took over. Some of the wait staff is great, but others, not-so-much. Justin's used to be known for their great servers - Tess (now of the Lark Tavern) and Aleph were always voted Best Servers in the Metroland poll. The negatives: The last time I was here with a large group, we were completely ignored. We had to ask a couple of times for more water and the waitress screwed up several orders. My cheese plate was missing the mustard and crostini it was supposed to come with, but the waitress was M.I.A. most of the time so I couldn't even ask her to bring it to me. It was a Monday night and the place wasn't too crowded. We spent a lot of money there too and received really crappy service.  It was extremely disappointing. The positives: I do, however, like the live jazz. I  especially love when Nate Buccieri does his monthly piano bar nights.  I also really like the comfy but classy decor of the "savoy dining room." The fireplace is a major plus!  Eileen the waitress also gets major kudos, as does the creme brulee I had last night.
I came here for jazz on a saturday evening and for a $5 cover to sit in the back room (there's a back room!?) it was delightful. The music was great, the booths are a great place to come with someone special and enjoy a drink and some music. COME FOR JAZZ!
Sunday Brunch at Justin's is amazing. The waitress was very courteous and nice, she took care of my company very well. I would say superb service was given. The food was great too, I had the salmon frittata from there menu, dishes and ambience were all great. I didn't expect a bar to have such a great brunch option as well. Definitely going back for some more great Sunday Brunch.
The Confetti Corn Fritters were irresistibly delicious and offered a perfect combination of sweet, spicy and crunchy.  The main course, Jamaican Jerk Chicken was dry and had way too much sauce poured on it.  Now, I am typically a dessert before my dinner type of person but I saved the best for last.  The creme brulee was a death defying, mouth watering dessert of perfection!  I have had creme brulee all over the US and this was the best. Their choice of music was soothingly beautiful jazz and it wasn't even live!  The service was wonderful and the ambiance was perfect for a romantic rainy evening in upstate New York. The appetizers, dessert and music are more than enough to return.  You should try it out if you are in the neighborhood.
Justin's is a nice and mellow place to go for cocktails and jazz... For some reason, everybody raves about the brunch, but it's totally overrated;  it's not "last meal" good (which is how I like to eat...  YEAHHH!!!!).   If I compare Justin's to other places in Albany, 4 stars (That's how bad it is around there).  If we just take it on its own, it diminishes to 2.
I've been in Albany for a few months now, and it seems that Lark Street is the place to be to have a good night out for dinner and drinks. Justin's is one of the those great tasting restaurants. Like most other neighborhood restaurants I have been to in Albany, the decor inside was comforting and home-y - wooden furnishings and walls, sofa benches with cushions, and a small fireplace to keep the customers toasty.   They have a variety of choices on their menu from sandwiches to steaks. I ordered the jerk chicken which came black beans, sauteed vegetables and yams (or sweet potato? I still don't know nor taste the difference between the two). The chicken was very tender and moist. I would have liked not so much of the jerk marinade, not because it was too hot but it was drowning my chicken. Still, the wonderful flavors of the jerk marinade were oh so yummy and spicy! My friend had the cannelloni, which were three huge portions of stuffed shells with cheese and spinach which she too, enjoyed.  We finished our meal with a fruit tart from a local Armenian bakery. Mmmm....not overly sweet at all. Just the right amount of sweetness. I'm not sure what the other reviews are talking about, but the service I experienced tonight was exceptional. Staff was attentive and friendly from the moment we walked through the doors. Maybe it's because I'm from CA, but I thought the prices were reasonable. I would like to come back again for their brunch menu.
Their menu is hit or miss. I love their Blacken Chicken Salad and Meatloaf and Mac and Cheese, but their Ropa Vieja and Salmon Entrees are dry. I think they is a good place for meeting up with friends for drinks. It's a nice atmosphere. If you go on a Friday or Saturday you should probably make a reservation because the wait is pretty long.
As a Lark Street regular, this used to be my Happy Hour bar go-to. Unfortunately over the last year or so Justin's has been on the decline. Usually when a bar goes downhill, it can be attributed to the kind of patron it caters to, but in this case one can clearly see that the responsibility for Justin's demise is the management. What was once a relaxing, friendly place to meet friends is now a smelly, snobby hole.  It's a shame that the entire bar smells like a UAlbany dorm bathroom because the food used to be decent, however I doubt anyone will want to eat in that stench. Additionally, more than one friend of mine had their credit card charged multiple times here. When it was brought to the bar's attention, the bar refused to rectify the situation and my friends were forced to dispute the charge with their own bank. The only reason I gave this bar two stars was because of the one or two quality bartenders it employs. Good luck to you two! Justin's, with the number of quality bars on Lark on the decline, you'd be smart to redefine just exactly the type of crowd you want to attract. I'm no businesswoman, but I do know there is money to be made on Lark and if your bar doesn't get its act together you won't be seeing a penny of it.
I've been to Justin's about 20 times over the last 10 years and the food has always been below average, even for bar food - which it is. The food is just lacking flavor and over salted.   The bar has a nice lived-in feel to it and that's the high point.  I enjoy having a drink and several girls have made advances on me here over the years.   Since I have a gf I rejected them all, but it's still an OK place to meet a desperate local, make that single-mother locals.  The crowd is pretty mixed and not as young as some of the places on Lark.   I would never recommend any of the food at Justin's to anyone.  Go there for the drinks and bar and maybe music, and have fun.  The food is just there to fill you up.
Best bar in Albany!  Without a doubt.  Our waitress at Beer City Hall (also a great place) recommended this bar to us.  The atmosphere is excellent.  The music is perfect, neither overpowering any ability to converse nor being too background.  The bartenders are A-1: speedy, friendly, and they make defectless beverages. The bar itself is a fun place to sit.  On a Friday night it's busy, but you aren't squished at the ribs mosh-pit style.  There are also tables for those who'd prefer a more intimate conversation setting, and a standing area in the back where you can catch a wayward wink on your way to the toilets. Speaking of toilets.  Clean, well stocked.  It's a bar.  Need I say more? We met some magnificent characters here, and will be back!  Yes Yelp, this is AS GOOD AS IT GETS.
I showed up at a Christmas party that had been canceled (you know who you are :), so I was all dressed up with nowhere to go. When I lived on Willett St, I loved Justins, so I made a repeat visit on Saturday night. I didn't recognize any of the staff, but I had a kick ass martini, followed by a beer and good conversation at the bar. I've not eaten there in sometime, so this review is just for the bar. It's intimate and warm, perfect for winter evenings. A friendly couple moved aside so I could order, and I easily struck up conversation with some cute girls next to me. If you go to a bar alone, you want social interaction.  I would have given Justins 3 stars,  there are some great places out there these days, and you just can't stay the same. However, I had fun and that earned them one more.
Decent / not bad.  A good selection of beer and a full bar are usually enough for me.  the menu is pretty unique, too, with nice spins on the regular things like burgers and sandwiches. ***note that justin's mgmt (owner john) will flag any reviews below 3 stars in the hopes that they'll get moved to the 'filtered review' section.  be sure to read those for a complete review of this place**
I feel like 2.5 stars would be more appropriate, like someone earlier pointed out, but that just doesn't exist here. So here goes my justification for why Justin's deserves only 2 stars... The food, drinks and atmosphere are all okay. Never amazing, never terrible. I am usually  satisfied with my experience when I go to Justin's. Now, sure, that might make 2 stars seem a little harsh but. . . shouldn't we have  higher standards than "satisfied"?!  I have experienced better. But still... I am faced with some cognitive dissonance because like some others have stated in their reviews. . . Justin's is good.... for Albany (I wish I could italicize). Justin's by nature, much like all other Lark St. restaurants, is crowded. The small dining area is, at times, uncomfortable. Sitting so close to other people as to be involved in their conversations is not my idea of enjoyable. For Valentines Day, I took my boyfriend (up visiting from NYC) to Justin's because I thought he might appreciate the cozy, dark feel and the omnipresent jazz that makes Justin's a hit. However, the night was pretty much one mishap after another. To be honest, I have never seen the staff , the food, the presentation (and even the music) that bad! Maybe everyone was on edge for the holiday. But does that really justify not setting the tables properly or cleaning them first? Or getting every course of the meal wrong? I don't know, maybe it does. What got me the most was squeezing three extra tables on the STAGE with the pianist who was not playing soft jazz... and was not playing with the piano top fully closed. Having neighbors to the side of you and a piano on your back really ruins a dinner. If it wasn't for our ability to laugh at the whole thing, we might very well have left mid-meal. All in all, Justin's is alright. I've had better-- outside of Albany. In Albany, however, Justin's is unfortunately one of the better midpriced places.
I love this place. Everything is usually perfect. Especially when you add the live music to your meal. I loved going here in college (once a year when I could afford it). We used to play dress up and come here and enjoy our Sunday nights. Their cheese selection is usually excellent. They had the local food sourcing movement going way before it became a fad. I can't wait to go their again.
If you need a place to eat late on a Sunday night, just go to Justin's. They serve sandwiches & salads up until 1 a.m. Portions were large, as well as the steak fries. And $3 for my Newcastle? I'll be back!
We used to love coming to Justin's - they had  delicious spicy shrimp (huge shrimp!) dinner with white rice and black beans that was legendary but now the place has gone down the tubes. It's now like pub food but that would be doing a disservice to pub food. It's just not the same as it used to be and by the looks of the menu I wouldn't be surprised if this placed closed soon. There really wasn't even a waitstaff...one bartender and one hostess/waitress/busser and no one in the dining room but us. It would bring Ric Orlando (the guy who created a lot of the recipes here originally) to tears to see it in the shape it's in. My husband has been coming here for 30+ years and he was shocked it was so bad. I give them 2 stars because the jerk chicken was still pretty good but the guacamole was brown and flavorless and the calamari was definitely frozen and not fresh hand-battered like you'd expect from the "previous life" of this restaurant. I'd recommend dining elsewhere, sadly.
I really like the ambiance at Justin's.  Whether I am going for a date, brunch, or drinks with friends, I always feel really comfortable.  I think their beer selection is pretty good and the food is OK.  I have yet to be totally wowed, but have never been terribly disappointed either.  The staff are always totally awesome in my opinion. Constructive criticism: I think Justin's misses the boat on their cocktail selection.  With such a cute, hip atmosphere, the restaurant could really ramp up their drinks with some fresh ingredients and interesting choices and be a staple in my repertoire.  Alas, I guess this is not only a problem with Justin's, but with Albany in general.  Having moved here recently I have to ask-- where are the good drinks at?!?!
I just love Justin's.  The new owners have made it so much more elegant and comfortable inside, and chef John Futia has really done an excellent job of preserving Justin's staple dishes while adding truly outstanding selections to the menu. If you have the chance to order *anything* served with the corn relish or smashed potatoes, order it!
Sorry, Justin's.  You came highly recommended but I can only offer a single star.  I came very far out of my way to come to the jazz brunch.  I called first to make sure of the times (listed online as 11-3, the person on the phone said music from 12-2:30). I arrive at 12:45.  The hostess greets me. "How many?"  "One."  "oh.... hmm.  um...   wait a minute."  I wait.  She asks if I would mind waiting and then sitting right next to the stage.  "A table will be clearing out soon." I can see from the door at least 2 empty tables.  I ask if I can peek in and see the table she is suggesting.   There is still a couple there.  I can see that in addition to the two fourtops, there are three other two-tops open, two of them are next to each other set up as four but are separable. She tells me, "We like to keep the bigger tables for larger parties." Well, this is annoying. If you've ever gone anywhere as a single, you know what I mean. IT is annoying enough that TWO people asked, "How many, JUST ONE?" really loudly.  Yes, JUST ONE, ok?  I am here for the music.   She asks me to wait at the bar and asks if I want coffee while I wait.  I assume the coffee will be comped, since she's asking me to wait EVEN THOUGH there are more than 3 empty tables.  I understand if they are reserved or they are expecting more people. Well, guess what.  I'm there for an hour.  How many people come in AFTER me?  About 8 or 10, several of which are seated before I am.  (I am next to the hostess stand so I hear her ask, Do you have a reservation?  No, they say). HOw many people leave while I'm there?  Between 15 and 20. They went from 5 empty tables to 11 or more empty tables.... lost more than half their patrons during that time ... so why was I asked to wait at the bar for 10 minutes  WITH EMPTY TABLES that only became MORE numerous...? After waiting 10+ minutes and watching her seat a party that has come in 10 minutes after me, while the rest of the empty tables REMAIN unused, I finally ask her how much longer she wants me to wait, as my time is limited.  She finally separates one of the two-top tables and allows me to be seated.  Then, even though I've said i'm in a hurry, she leaves me sitting there another ten minutes before taking my order, even though I asked for the menu while I was still at the bar and was ready to order then... OK, and guess what.  THe band was on break at 12:45 when I came in.  When does the pianist start playing again?  1:35.  Yes, that's right.  More than 50 minutes break on a 2.5 hour gig. Wouldn't it have been better to have TOLD me that they give the musicians an hour long break when I called to find out when the music would be playing and said i wanted to be sure to be there FOR THE MUSIC? So I tell the waitress at about 1:25 how disappointed I am after having called and waited, that there is no musician playing.  She says, "Well we give them a lot of leeway, she's busy talking."  I suggest maybe to pass on to management that this is a rather long break to give without telling patrons in advance when they ask.  She walks away, comes back later with my bill.  Was the coffee comped?  Nope, even though she'd offered it in an apparent gesture of making up for the wait while there were empty tables, and even though I'd already told her I was in from across the country specifically to book a musician here for the spring and had a flight to catch that afternoon and their place was recommended and I'd come way out of my way and called... "Gee that's too bad."  Only after i pay the bill does she go over to the musician and ask when she will start again. To add insult to injury, no one every cleared my dirty plate until after the bill was paid, the pen was taken away (while I was still using it), and my coat was on.  THEN they come for the dirty plate. Nice going. PS - The food I received was substandard.  I got about a half dozen small pieces of potato and a few pieces of kiwi along with the $9 egg and sausage sandwich, which was bland in addition to being soggy.
I've had both good and bad times at Justin's. I would really love to give them two and a half stars, but I can't. I have "meh, experienced better" as the 2 star review signifies, but in the Cap-Region, this is one of the better spots.. to me at least. And if they tweaked just a couple things slightly, it would certainly be a solid 3 star or possibly 4. The service, and staff except for a couple people, BLOWS. There is either an attitude that is so not justified and an air of "I'm better then you because I work at Justin's" or the people are just plain miserable. You're in the service industry.. get over yourselves. K, thanks. I think they might be besties with the Genius Bar guys at Apple lol.. they're some of the only other people who ever give me attitude. Must be the blonde lol. Last night I came here for a late dinner with a friend and the bar side was too crowded for a comfortable dinner and I didn't want bar food, so we opted for the dining room Which had live jazz. What some people may have a problem with is they charge a cover to sit in the dining room. Yes even if you're buying dinner. I think it's a little silly & tacky, and that Justin's probably makes enough to pay the entertainment themselves and then allow tipping. The cover is only 5 bucks tho, so big whoop. The dining room is lovely and even more so now that it's decorated for the holiday season. My pics don't do it justice and are the result of not wanting to use flash or disturb people while they were enjoying their night out. The food is very tasty. I like the spicy shrimp dish, the seared sole, and the lamb. However, last night they stopped serving "dinner" at 10pm.. so I was out of luck and stuck with the bar menu. However Justin's bar food isn't wings and poppers. *yay* It's more, I guess comfort food. Mac and Cheese with meatloaf is my friends fave and last night it was looking good, lol. I'm a pretty big fan of their Mac and Cheese and it's definitely homemade :) They have burgers, which I don't really eat. Some inventive, gourmet sandwich's. There's an appetizer menu with stuff like crab cakes, fresh chips with quac, calamari, fruit and cheese, baked brie,  homemade soups, and well you get the point.. good stuff. For dining, Justin's is a good spot to enjoy some tasty food in a nice setting and hear some jazz. It's not my favorite place ever, but it makes for a nice night out. If you're going just for drinks, their specialty drink menu is extensive and there are quite a few very good concoctions on there. I'm a fan of the basil grapefruit martini, the nuts and berries, and the mojito's. As for a bar, there's usually seating and it attracts a more well behaved and upscale crowd then lots of other Albany spots do. Good for the weekends, but the crickets can be heard during the week.
Wonderful food and drink! Went to lunch with a friend here, and our food was delicious. I had a chicken sandwich that was really 2 chicken sandwiches in one. The portions are amazing, I took half the sandwich home for lunch another day. My friend had an eggplant appetizer, she said it was tasty but a little too salty. I had the house Shiraz which definitely satisfied my taste buds! I will return again. $40 for 2 meals, 3 glasses of wine, and a beer.
Weekend brunch, a la cart, is wonderful.  Skip everything concerningthe breakfast options and go directly to the Casted Hash  & Eggs with the spicy option,  Nothing out of a can here.  Huge chunks of tender corned beef, super crisp and seasoned potatoes, onions, peppers and chorizo added for a spicy kick (optional). Amazing!  Also, their seafood chowder is addictive.  It's loaded with fresh seafood, some (not mostly) potatoes and just the right thickness.  not watery but not like Campbell's condensed right out of the can.  thickness and quality and ratio of seafood is always my qualm with any seafood chowder.  This has whole bayy scallops, some whole small shrimp, some nice thick flakey fish chunks and yes, clams.  And very good seasoning.  it's not just a milky broth with a ton of potatoes and of chopped clams dumped in.The Caesar salad is excellent. it's garlicky, lemony and with a spectacular house-made dressing and croutons and an an option for anchovies to top it off, left whole or diced.  NiCE!  the Bloody Mary's are to die for here.  They come in pints, are super spicy and full of horseradish and other yummy goodies.  this isn't from a pre-made mix.  Again, the real deal. so yes, I had enough food to feed two people but I ate and drank it all because it was that good.  I can't comment on their other food because this is all I have had, sitting at a bar table, on a Late Saturday morning.  PS-booze in the form of Bloody Mary's or Mimosa's, before noon, are perfectly acceptable on a weekend while brunching.  That's the beauty of brunch!
A classy place amidst the college scene on Lark. Great for a drink with a date or for a small group as table sizes are up to 4. The beer on tap is always safe and the bartenders make sure you're never empty.
It is one of the less (though not least) douchey, more pub-y, decidedly un-collegiate of the bars on Lark. That, sadly, doesn't say a whole lot. But if you're looking for a less crowded, lower-key alternative on a weekend night, Justin's is a safe(r) bet. So much so, that their adjoining 'lounge' area was entirely empty save for the DJ on Friday night. That isn't to say it wasn't crowded in the bar area. Just sayin' is all. I don't know what it is, but I'm waiting to actually really like this place.. Beware: their boneless wings are a bit salty.
I highly recommend the Rustica Stratta Scramble.  Yum yum yum.  I came here with my family for my sister-in-law's graduation lunch.  We drank delicious mimosas and enjoyed our brunch.  The only problem was that they forgot my sister-in-law's meal! So she had to wait while they made it which was a bit annoying.  They barely apologized but whatever.  They provided us with a high chair for my niece and she enjoyed that.  I guess that's standard in a restaurant though.  My brother and sister-in-law love Justin's and I would certainly go back.  The menu isn't overpriced and there is ample seating for groups.
I really don't get the hype surrounding Justin's.  The one time I ever went there, the service was slow, we had a snotty server, the food was mediocre and overpriced, and the atmosphere was a tad too "trying-too-hard-to-be-cool" for my taste.  I'd take a pass on this place and walk across the street to Tandoor Palace if you're right there in the area.  The food's better at the latter, the prices are better, and so is the service and atmosphere.  Hell, Lark St.'s full of great bars and restaurants--this just ain't one of 'em.  If it's more of a bar type atmosphere you're looking for, Lark Tavern's right around the corner, and is much better, friendlier, and more pleasant overall than Justin's.  The Lionheart's good for that, too.  Once again, I just don't get the perennial popularity of Justin's.  Ah, well.
Bar food pretty much sums it up, but with serious pretentions to "fine dining."  You can sit in the back room which creates a dining room ambience complete with soft jazz, though loud rock will be pumping into your other ear from the bar side.  The burgers are OK.   The service though is clueless.  I once tried the fish sandwitch instead of the burger, it tasted like frozen underwear coated with batter and warmed over -- and then I had to work pretty hard to convince them to give me something else without charging me for the failed fish. The last time,  the waitress decided to give me sauteed onions and mushrooms on the burger. Afterwards, when I asked why I was being charged $4 extra, they were adamant that I had requested it -- or else that I should have sent it back as soon as I noticed that extra items had been included. Try showing a little more class, or giving your customers a little more respect. Or else just focus on the bar side of the business.  And hope your customers are too drunk to notice or complain.
Love justins
Possibly my favorite restaurant in Albany, they have an excellent jerk chicken, and a wonderful jazz brunch on weekends. I enjoy the bar scene, just as much as the dining experience!
I was really surprised to read some "not so great" reviews of Justin's- especially as far as the service goes. I tend to be fairly sensitive to the "you're not good enough to be eating here" mentality, and I've never experienced anything like that at Justin's.  then again, I've only been there twice. The first time I went I was barely 2 weeks out of surgery and not very mobile, they were very accomodating in trying to get me and my crutches situated. The atmosphere was a little more crowded than I would normally go for, but it was warm and cozy, and our waiter was delightful.   And I am annoying.  I'm the girl that asks the waiter, what do you like better, apples or oranges?  And is it possible to get your oranges without the seeds?  Could you replace the seeds with, say, pine nuts?  Okay, thanks for that info, I'll order the banana.  I'm very polite about it, but still, I ask a lot of questions, and they've been very kind. Now, onto the important part- the food!  The food that I've had there has been delicious.  I've gotten these little corn fritter things, their guac, some kind of ravioli, a salad and I feel like I'm forgetting something.  Everything I've ever gotten there was delicious.  Certainly nothing that ever made me think, well, that was so-so. Overall, it's pricier than what I'm normally willing to pay, but the food is worth it, so on the occasion that you've got a little extra money in the bank, I say, head to Justin's!
Great beer specials + awesome food (taste, quantity, and price) + friendly service + live music = my kind of place
The food here was not particularly tasty or well presented.  The staff is now well trained.  The atmosphere is dark and musty.  I certainly do not wish to go there again.
Best all-around restaurant on Lark Street.  Dinner is delicious and reasonably priced, they've got $2 drafts until 7pm M-F, and they do a fantastic brunch on the weekends.
I am writing this review as I sit here waiting for our waitress to come pick up the check which has been placed on the edge of the table for approximately 7 minutes now. We were greeted and addressed by 5 different, bored-seeming servers, who appeared disappointed someone else had already brought us waters/drinks/etc.  Our food was decent util I pulled a long hair from my food in front of the waitress who declared 'that's gross'.  But no worries, she grasciously 'took care of it' by taking my inedible food off the bill.  I don't know about anyone else, but I don't view not charging me for something 'gross' as compensation...  will not be returning for food.
Justin's is nice.  Their Sunday brunch is great; they switch up the menu seasonally and have a live jazz pianist.  Good for families and groups, romantic for dates, but on the small side.  If you're from Albany, you may just end up eating an arm's length away from your ex and his/her new love.  Yeeeeah.  Awkward.  Heh.  Justin's house coffee is delightful and you can buy it by the 1/2 lb. if you like.  At night, it's a little crowded at times but the bartenders are professional and warm.  They also support local artists by hanging their art in rotation on their walls.  Dinner is a little pricey, but not unrealistic.
Guacamole shouldn't be made with anything that tastes like powdered taco seasoning.  Other than that, pretty good.
This review is based on brunch. Places differ depending on what time and day it is... I hit up this spot in Albany while visiting friends in my alma mater's town. I had brunch with one of my bff's who actually used to work at this spot. Located on Albany's Lark Street it's a small, but cozy bar/restaurant. We had mimosas and brunch while seated at the bar on a Sunday morning. I had the Justin's 301which consists of two eggs any style (I got mine scrambled), french toast (which I found tasteless, syrup wasn't provided and I didn't bother to ask), bacon, and potatoes. It was pretty good overall. Typical breakfast. My friend got Joe's one-eyed breakfast burger, a 4 oz. sirloin beef patty with applewood smoked ham, a fried egg, and cheddar cheese served with potatoes and fruit. Fruit being an orange slice. My friend was obsessed with her calorie packed, heart attack inducing breakfast burger and surprisingly finished it despite being a tiny little twig. The drinks were good and made brunch even more enjoyable. I haven't had dinner there, just drinks, but the servers are sweet....to me b/c my friend used to work there. Owner also owns two bars across the street, Legends and DeJohns which are cool too. It's not NYC and can't be compared, but they're fun spots if you're with good people.
justin's is a nice place to go for a drink if you want to sit at the bar or outside. if you instead choose to have dinner, the dining area is quite lovely, especially when they have live jazz. they are known for their jerk chicken and ropa vieja but everything i have ever eaten there has been delicious. the service is reliable and friendly and the prices are typical lark st prices (if you are trying to decide between justin's and dejohns, definitely choose justin's) the atmosphere in all sections is relaxing and lively at the same time. this is an albany 'old reliable'.  you won't be let down.  and to counteract the 'old' part, they have a fresh and exciting menu that they update on a regular basis. cont. 10.2.2007 i first want to mention that justin's has fantastic drinks. they know that a martini should Fill the glass (and it is the lovely Large one they use, no skimping on the booze here.) they also have a pretty nice selection of reds, glasses the same (size, not shape.) david and i came here for our 2 year meeting anniversary. (we had come here for drinks then and i chatted his ear off about a crazy ex i had) and i choose to not go for anything on their brand-spanking-new menu (it didn't really impress me) that was new but instead the old reliable ropa vieja.  it was juicy and fatty and tender and the rice was nicely soaked in the juices as well as being jasmine which always pleases me. they also had no problem substituting the black beans with snow peas as i requested. david had the duck and was pleased as well. so now to the not so good - they have these covers on their candles that due to table placement, we knocked off and startled the other diners, then another table did when they came in (i mentioned to them that we had done it as well to help them recover from their embarrassment). they should either get rid of them or move the tables. also, we were near the stage where the jazz takes place and the door behind was open - thus we were enveloped with smoke from the outdoors smokers, not a pleasant dining accompaniment i must say. final word - drums should not accompany a jazz band when the drummer doesn't know how to tune his drums or when the room is too small to handle it being louder than the lovely sax. still, a good place to go.
Being a newbie in Albany and after seeing all the 'wonders' of downtown, I am skeptical of anything locals say are good food.  Justin's is good. Not wow. It's okay. The ambiance of the place is a good reason to go back.
Place has a wonderfull decor and outside seating. Big pluses. Other than that they have had the same brunch menu for the past 2 years and the quality is so hit or miss its not even worth it. Bread to start is usually good with a unique butter option.
Although I haven't eaten here in a while, the food has never been disappointing, still recalling great gazpacho.  However, seriously the decor needs a kick in the ass to the modern era
Definitely loved this place.  Very cool atmosphere, very laid back.  Came here with a group of friends on a Saturday night in the spring.  We came just for the night life, knowing it was a Jazz lounge.  Private room, separated from the main bar, cover charge to keep the rowdy patrons out.  We shared a couple desserts and some cocktails while listening to some smooth jazz.  Very nice place, the only factor that i didn't agree with was the entrance to the Jazz lounge being in the rear of the bar. Pushing and shoving our way to the rear of the bar was not fun especially when you've got ladies with you that are of a  higher caliber than the bar "ladies."  Otherwise loved it and would definitely go back.
I don't get it. Nothing special with average prices. This place can get LOUD, so consider this a warning if you're looking to have a nice peaceful dinner. I do not recommend bringing clients of any type here.
I give this four stars on the spicy bbq beef chili soup alone.  It hit the spot for this current Cali resident.  That is all.
Justin's is THE perfect place for a relaxed brunch. The cinnamon butter with cornbread (complimentary) starts you off with culinary deliciousness. ALL drinks are prepared perfectly, they even know how to serve a proper cup of tea. The coffee, a secret recipe, is delicious. The brunch menu is creative and amazing. Service was entertaining, prompt and perfect with Brenna. We sat outside on a beautiful Fathers day and basked in the perfect sunny weather. A perfect ending for our get away / Michael Buble concert weekend!
a nice alternative to many of the cookie cutter restaurants that exist in albany. the dining room is cozy, they have music most nights. what i found very un-classy is if you are there for dinner and don't want to stay for the music, but end up not getting your bill until the music starts due to slowness of the server, they still charge you the "music fee". the bar is chill and unlike some places around they let you sit at tables and just order drinks, which i value. the bartenders also tend to have a great musical selection...
Got dragged here last Friday night. I was horrified. Really cramped standing room and some weird service...there were people behind the bar who apparently didn't work there...or maybe they did work there and were off the clock. After waiting at the bar for ten minutes or so, one member of staff finally made eye contact with me, and I made my drink order. He then informed me that Justin's "works differently" and he could only make my drinks if I ordered food from him and sat down. Then why was he chilling behind the bar like a bartender?  Since it was like midnight already and there was an extraordinarily loud (and terrible) DJ playing, I was quite surprised that they were pushing sit-down dinner service so hard. Especially since upon looking around, there were people sitting ON the tables where sit-down dinner was theoretically supposed to take place. Not allowing myself to get dragged here again.
live Jazz awesome!
My husband and I have been to Justin's a couple times in the past for dinner and have loved it! We went to the Sunday brunch this past weekend and were really looking forward to it. But left highly disappointed. The waitress we had has waited on us in the past and she was always great with wonderful suggestions. But apparently she woke up on the wrong side of bed on Sunday morning. Both of our breakfasts came out in a good amount of time but the taste wasn't there. I ordered a frittata that came with a side of potatoes and fruit. The frittata was bland, the five pieces of potatoes I got were warmed and soggy and the fruit was served on the same plate as the hot food so it came out warm. My husband had stuffed French  toast that wasn't stuffed with much of anything and it was also soggy. It seemed most of the food was warmed up not freshly prepared. I would rather wait a little longer for freshly made food. The bright side of our morning was the wonderful pianist they had playing. That was worth the visit but not the food. Hope it gets better because we love to go to Justin's.
