This was a nice place to go. Now make sure you make a reservation and call ahead first. If you make a reservation like we did you will have no problem. Went with a party of 4 got 2 jetskis for an hour. We had a blast cruising and dolphin searching. Highly recommended. You can't beat an hour in the sun and in the water hope this was helpful.
I called a few days ago and the guy was very rude on the phone. I said I would call back later. I called today and he was not able to read my credit card correctly he tall Me it was Decline.  I  gave him the card again and he was  annoying he said for me to call somebody else cuz he could not help me. Call again and tall him how rude he was That I will like to talk to the owner he said we was the owner and hang the phone on me again. He most have some much buissnes Thant he don't care for the costumer. But again. Am in the costumer buissnes they not They just show me how low they are.
My wife and I just got back from renting a kayak to go check out the little island near the Port Orange bridge.  Even though this place was busy we were able to rent our kayak and be on our way within a few minutes of arriving.  The man and woman in the shop (didn't catch your names, sorry!) were very nice.   We'll definitely be back!
The guy was rude! When we called he stoically said it was the end of the season and they only operated out of one location. When we stopped by we said, hi we are the people that called on the phone. His response? "So?" SO! Taken aback, we asked, do you want to rent your jet skis? He responded by saying in a rude tone, do YOU want to rent the skis? If its the end of the season and you are having to close down 1 out of 2 locations, how in the world are you going to keep customers if you are going to be rude and unfriendly with the only people willing to spend money on your business. I will not give $80 an hour for someone to be rude, unhelpful and act as though I should know how his business runs.
Lady behind the counter was sooooo rude to us..guys not as rude...but the lady made me not want to use them again...
I called to ask about renting a jet skie ... the lady was absolutely Rude . !!! Im definitely talkong to the manager wen I get their
First time jet skiing had a blast, my family will definitely be going back. The owner Shawn and staff was super down to earth, explained rules in detail,made me feeel super safe. My husband had a chance not only to jet ski but also saw several dolphins, lots of space,jets go super fast and large area to ride in,after we went to the otherside of the beach and went swimming,great day overall:-)
This is the place to rent from in the daytona beach area.Very large area to explore and get the opportunity to see dolphins up close.very safe area to go as fast as you want without worrying about larger boats getting too close.very friendly and professional people, had a great time !
I had a pleasant experience here! We rented a 70 hp, 20 footer, and it ran smoothly. It was moderately used, but it started instantly and did not have any headaches operating it. The owner is a very down-to-earth guy. Their rate is a flat rate, so fuel is already included in the price. You'll find that if you rent boats elsewhere, they charge you a lot for fuel after you're done. I would definitely come here again!
Family run and friendly. Right on the river so that is where you ride. There is an area nearby that is a quiet place to ride. Get there before 11am and save $10.  Pwc run well and hold three.
