World of Beer is great.  If you know what you're getting into.  The selection is massive and personally I think it's fun and beyond American to drink craft beer in a mall.   The wait staff clearly aren't knowledgable beerheads but they are making an effort.  Table service is painfully slow.  At the bar I had no complaints and some of the guys knew what they were talking about.  Will you get the same level of understating and guidance that a proper beer bar like Mahar's used to provide, no chance.  Is it a fun place to drink before a movie, or Dave &Busters, absolutely.   The food is not great but again are you really going there to eat. Bottom line:  The best drinking experience you can have in a mall.
We were overall disappointed. The beer list was good, but overpriced. You should know ahead of time that when you are ordering an $8 beer that it's only going to be an 8oz pour. That wasn't really the problem though. Service was friendly, but slow. I don't think it was the fault of the server. Maybe they were understaffed. The food was boring. Descriptions on the menu made it sound great, but when the food came, we were not impressed. I could see myself going back for a beer while waiting for someone who is trying on outfits in the mall, but I don't think I will be going back for dinner. I should mention that the people watching while sitting on their "patio" which provides a full view of the movie theatre area, was pretty entertaining. Also, I would like to say that there was a good band playing inside when we were there and we were able to hear the band playing through the speakers on the "patio."
Got an invite to the world of beer VIP grand opening a few months back, so I thought I would check it out. I was promised free beer and hor d'oeuvres, so I'm thinking no way this is going to suck, right? Wrong .. well sorta, it didn't suck exactly but it wasn't great either. I had to listen to WoB exec blab on about the Albany beer scene, the history of beer in Albany and about WoB as a company for 30+ minutes. Meanwhile , my stomach was growling and I'm thinking couldn't this have been done during the party? Well as I discovered, no, there wasn't really much of a party at all the "VIP Party" was good for two free beers and NO free food.  Whatevs , I still ordered a giant pretzel, some Mac and Cheese .. and my GF and I proceeded to maximize our free beers by getting the most expensive stuff on tap ($12 beers!).  Beer was great , food was decent albeit pricey. Anyways, during dinner a representative came around and asked if I would like to join the "World of Beer Club" or whatever it's called. They explained that you got a free t-shirt and every beer you drink would be counted as points towards free garb, beer and a party at some point. "That does sound cool" I thought, OK ... I'll do it! So later when the bill came I saw it was $15.00 to join the stupid club!! WTF!? For $15.00 you get a WoB T-shirt (whoopty shit) and no other perceivable advantages except a card which keeps track of the beers you drink, and gives you no discounts on anything ever... why? I mean for $15.00 it should be $1.00 off on every draft for life. Not just a sophisticated Subway card, I mean really. I have gone back to WoB a few times since and basically it's great if you want to try some rare stuff on tap and the food is decent. I would say however that the prices are a bit high and the WoB club makes no sense unless you plan on being here several times a week for the next several years of your life, so you earn points towards a free $500 bar tab after having 500 different beers. Pretty meh overall... there's live music Thursday thru Saturday which is cool but no happy hour specials and of course like 900 million beers on tap and in bottles.
Walked into WOB today to find EVERY TV at the bar showing the SF GIANTS vs Washington game. Bartender Brandon refused to change even one of them cause he's a Giants fan. I will NOT be back.
Went there for my birthday lunch. Nine of us total. Heard mixed reviews about the service but we hit the jackpot with our waitress, Kara (Cara?). She was very attentive even with other tables to serve. We probably drove her crazy with all our sample requests but she smiled the whole time. Enjoyed the pretzels with beer cheese dip. Brie was also yummy. Heard all good comments about the flat bread pizza.  Was it a little pricey? Yes. Was it worth it for the fun we had and the vast selection of beers? YES! A great big thank you to Kara. We will be back. :-)
Very cool new place in crossgates mall. They have about 30 or so rotating taps plus a ton more bottled beers. They offer many styles so it doesn't matter if you prefer hopped-up IPAs or coffee imperial stouts. The staff is very generous about sampling beers, which is always a plus when you're about to buy an expensive craft beer. On certain nights they have life music, which is a huge plus in my book. The only downside is that their food is only so-so from what I've experienced. So come here for a drink or four, but eat before you do.
Been here a few times now, once as just a social gathering, and twice for football on Sundays. Atmosphere is laid back and fun, all the servers are knowledgeable and great. Would recommend this place for appetizers rather than for a full dinner their menu seems a little limited. However, the giant pretzel is beyond yummy.
I started off with a pretty crappy day, just came from a bad job interview and decided I needed a drink to take the edge off. The place was easy enough to find, right inside the entrance to the mall, and was welcoming enough to cheer me up a bit. I was still a bit grumpy though, so I found a pretty secluded spot at the bar to sit and browse the menu. After a couple minutes, Brandie came over and started talking to me. She was extremely polite and her personality really cheered me up. She offered me a couple samples, of which a specific Peach brew was my favorite. Along with that I ordered a nice Chipotle Chicken sandwich with tots, and within 10 minutes I had my food and drink, a great lunch. The sandwich was a bit overcooked, but it wasn't bad. The atmosphere was great, plenty of games going on above the bar, and the interaction between the employees was one of friendship, not of work. This may have been first time, but it will certainly not be my last.
Go for the beer, don't order the food. The beer selection is pretty awesome.  They have a lot of cool stuff on tap (and also, a cask beer!), and the selection is cool for someone who appreciates beer.   The food was absolutely horrible.  My burger was burnt, fries/tots were lukewarm at best, my friend's Reuben was only toasted on one side.  I normally don't like to complain about food in a restaurant, but this was one of those rare times that I did.  Our server brought us new batches of fries, and that helped a bit, but by that time the experience was kind of ruined already, and she asked the manager to come check things out (he didn't show up till about 20 minutes later).  The manager was apologetic and took our meals off the bill.   Won't be going back here, at least not for a while.  After reading all the reviews here, sounds like the kitchen staff needs a pretty big makeover.
I dropped into WoB for lunch on a Monday, a couple of weeks after the grand opening. As many have mentioned, the beer selection is gigantic and well curated. Being a Monday they weren't very busy and my bartend-ette was for the most part attentive and friendly. I ordered an IPA, and the chipotle chicken sandwich with tots and a side caesar salad. The food arrived fairly quickly. The tots were hot, and very crispy. They had a light sprinkling of black pepper on them, I liked that. My chicken sandwich on the other hand was unremarkable. The bacon was lukewarm, the chicken breast was lukewarm, the pretzel roll was dense and chewy, and the chipotle sauce lacked spiciness. The caesar salad wasn't overdressed and was good. It too had a light sprinkling of black pepper which added a nice bite to the salty parmesan dressing. Based on my one visit, I'd say WoB is just fine for a beer aficionado who's looking to kill some time in the mall and quaff a great brew. There's nothing else in the mall that even comes close to the excellent selection there. The food on the other hand is just ok. But it will suffice should you be hungry and want a bite to go with your beer.
Went here last night to celebrate my birthday as I wanted to try this place. We sat down and waited about 5 minutes before seeing a waitress. We then ordered our drinks which come to find out the beer was more then what was listed on the menu. We ordered tator tots and after 15 mins had to find our waitress to ask where they were and she said she forgot all about them. She gave these to us on the house. We then got our food. My girlfriend got the wings from which in my perspective they were over cooked. My burger came out more on the medium-rare side then the medium-well side. Lastly I overheard the waitress tell another customer who had to move from a previous seat to us that they've been having issues with flies all over the restaurant. Just not a tidbit I wanted to hear prior to ordering. All in all this place is simply not a food place. Its exactly what it's called. It had 54 beers on tap and an even bigger selection of bottled beer. They also bring you all the free samples you want and explain what each beer is which I thought was cool. Hopefully you find this review helpful.
Food is not good.   Think lower tiers in Sysco catalog unboxed with minimal preparation.   If you didn't know, even Sysco has tiers/levels for their food.  I'm not a kid anymore and unless a bar has good finger/bar food I'm not interested.   And yes, I want the blue cheese made in the back daily, not out of a jar.  And your bread for sandwiches should be dropped off every morning by a local bakery and thrown away at the end of the day because it goes stale. The beer was reasonable and the lines appeared to be clean from the taste of the beer.  But then again, I only had one beer.  I think in the end, most people just want the same beers, Bud Light, Coors Light, etc. on tap with excellent lines for cleanliness for maximum flavor.  Six or seven taps is more than enough.  Draft beer is usually not pasteurized like bottled beer and therefore tastes better.   The servers were typical mall workers with training to be pseudo-bartenders and were knocking heads to get the job done with few customers.  But that's probably to be expected considering the place just opened. I'm not a big fan of the open concept to the mall walkways and the lighting was a little bright for a bar.  It felt like I was drinking a beer at a bus stop instead of enjoying a little downtime with a beer in a comfy setting and possibly having an enjoyable conversation/moment with someone.  The McDonald's of bars? Houlihan's at this location was fairly good bar food/experience, Prep Kitchen lowered the quality and now World of Beer is taking the quality down yet another notch for this location.  I'm going to guess I'm out of touch with the demographics and pricing at Crossgates.  The typical Crossgates customer wants this junk or doesn't know the difference?
Beer selection is quite extensive, however the food prep and delivery is poor. The quality of food has potential, but the kitchen staff needs to be properly trained to serve it. I've been there twice. I returned a 2nd time after someone assured me they corrected the initial food service issues. That could not be further from the truth. We started with a Bavarian pretzel. I still question the $9 price tag for a pretzel. We received the wrong one, as it came with the wrong mustard and an added bonus: cheese sauce we did not order. I was pleased with this mistake as the cheese sauce was excellent. Unfortunately, that meant another table received a cheese-less pretzel. We ordered a reuben. The quality of corned beef was good. Piled high and lean. Unfortunately the sandwich was literally served cold. The cheese was not melted at all and the bread was not toasted. We also ordered the warm baked brie. This was supposed to come with a candied pecan glaze. Unfortunately, there wasn't any glaze, just a hard crusted shallow metal dish. The glaze was cooked so long it became part of the serving dish. It could not even be scraped off with a knife. I submitted all this to WOB corporate, and unfortunately , their response was that they would simply notify the Albany management. That was 3 weeks ago. No response. So if want a relatively lively atmosphere, a little noisy but with an extensive selection of beer, you'll likely be happy with this location. Save your appetite for somewhere else.
GREAT selection of beer. Delirium Tremens on tap! The tavern tots were good, and more than I expected. The kitchen was really backed up last night (30+ minutes), but that's to be expected with a packed house and the day after opening. Word to the wise: their loyalty club costs $15 to join, which was NOT mentioned by the server, anywhere on the menu, any promotional materials about it, or on their website. They do give you a T-shirt for joining. I found it shady that they push the loyalty club and completely hide the charge until it appears on your bill.
Beers on beers on beers. The list is endless! I love that it's in the mall located right across from the movie theater. If you can't find something you like here, then beer is not for you. I sat at the bar and the bartendr's were very friendly and accomodating. They did a great job trying to figure out what I liked. Haven't tried the food, but I'd be back for the beer.
As you might expect from the fact the bar is located in a mall, you wouldn't see anything unique comparing to other businesses in the mall. You get the sense that someone without knowledge of beer simply went through a list of beer in the world and put them in the menu. I personally enjoyed the place as there was a band performance with unexpectedly good guttier player. But if you simply wanna enjoy some craft beer, I wouldn't recommend.
Nice atmosphere.    Good music and friendly service at the bar.    Took longer than expected to get beer at bar.   Seems like "any" bartender can help you, therefore you can get "lost" in a crowded bar.   This prevented me from getting a quick beer.   Overall a good place.
Came here on the advice of the hotel concierge. .. great selection of beers.. food was very good and the staff was friendly and attentive....
And the weirdness continues... I stopped here to grab a bite and a beer before a movie with my girlfriend.  The waitress asked for my credit card when she took our order.  Clearly the world of beer has different customs than the world I'm accustomed to.  We waited over a half hour for a sandwich and a salad.  Neither were any good.  They were stingy on the fries with my sandwich, which were very clearly the same oreida steak fries you can pick up in the frozen food aisle.  Completely unprompted, my girlfriend remarked that this place was a great idea in theory, but is executed very poorly.  I couldn't agree more.  I think I'm done with this place.
Unbelievably slow service, disorganized, cold food. But hey- 500 beers! Not worth it in my opinion. Went at 5PM on a Monday, place was about half full. Atmosphere and wait staff were nice but it all went way downhill from there. Main problem was that our drink order (1 draft beer and 1 cocktail) took literally half an hour to come back. It actually took so long that our appetizers not only came out before the drinks, but we were mostly finished eating them by the time the drinks did finally come out. Over the course of that 30 minute wait for our 2 drinks, our waitress passed our table several times, tended to several other tables, and on multiple occasions let us know she's sorry it's taking so long, they will be out soon, etc, etc. We never complained. Eventually she said she would "get to the bottom of it." I think the problem is how they organize the drink ordering. As far as I could tell, the system works by the waitress entering the order into a computer from the floor, and the order is relayed to the bar, the bartender (2-3 it looked like) pours the drinks, and the server picks them up and takes it to the table. So my question is- why is there such a ridiculous convoluted and time consuming system for getting a simple drink at this place- a place that actually specializes in drinks? It's not like a draft beer and a signature cocktail are high maintenance orders. Why couldn't she just jump back there and pour them herself? I guess memorizing the locations and serving styles for 500 beers is not so easy. But the problems did not end there, though the rest were small in comparison. The appetizers we ordered (Tavern Taters and Fried Pickles), which came out 10 minutes before the mixed drinks, were just slightly above room temperature at best. Then, that "signature" cocktail, when it did come out, tasted like iced down Robitussin. We never send anything back, almost ever, but had to here. Thankfully there was no charge for it. We ordered a replacement drink, a glass of wine (presuming this is more simple and would be handled better), and yet again it was about 5-10 minutes with no sign it was going to be served. We cut our losses and asked for the check. So....overall. Cool place, but terrible service and management which will hopefully improve over time. Lastly, about the beer concept in general...It's a cool idea, and I love micro brews, but really who needs 500+ beers? I honestly would much rather find a bar with 7-8 really solid beers (Stone IPA, Dogfishhead, Founders, Ommegang, Southern Tier, etc) on draft, because really that's all I want. Only the very snobbiest of the beer snobs will ever know what the heck they are ordering on these menus. And the complications that come with 500+ drinks to the drink ordering system are certainly not worth it. 30 minutes for a drink order? No thanks.
Stopped in for a drink with a friend before seeing a movie. Thought we would check the new place out. Both of us left extremely disappointed. Our drinks tasted terrible. Clearly the bartenders didn't know what they were doing. They as well as the other staff didn't seem too friendly. We won't be coming back again. Stay far away from this place!
Our server was super sweet and attentive; however, the food really wasn't very good and her description was pretty inaccurate. She seemed pretty knowledgeable about their various beer selection, but it took just as long to receive our beer as it did our food. All and all it was okay but nothing special.
Decided to try the new place. Beer selection is extensive and interesting. They have the menu organized which was helpful. That's about it. The food is pretty bad. Greasy and tastes processed. Service was nice but seemed a little bit confused.
Last night I met with friends for a night of drinks and eats. I was really looking forward to going..I'm a big beer fan and was impressed by their huge selection. I tried 4 different beers that were all super good! It was great to get to try some new brews that I can't find elsewhere. I was so impressed/excited to be there I even joined their Loyalty Club. Joining costs 15$ and you get a free t-shirt too. Now as great as the drinks my have been...I'm never returning to the place. The four of us ordered appetizers and main dishes at 8:00. We wanted onion rings, deep fried pickles and tater tots. All deep fried..so you think that would be quick. WRONG. It took over an hour to get them...and we needed to speak with a manager on 2 occasions just to get those. The main dishes we just couldn't wait for. By that point we had been there for over 3 hours waiting for 2 burgers and 2 club sandwiches. Totally uncalled for. Before leaving we spoke with the manager again. He ended up comping our night. I gave back the t-shirt and member card. I'll never go back and neither will any of the people I was with. I do love good beer...but not that much. After we left and were super hungry...my boyfriend and I went to Uno since it was pretty close. 15mins later we had food on our table. That's service.
The beer is good - selection very good...but there was no Belgium Blonde on Draught. Lunch was pretty awful. I sent back my Ahi tuna because it had a weird texture - as if it had been nuked, and was outrageously salty - and the first bite impression was Fishy Fishy. I ordered a WOB salad instead- which was actually quite good - except no bacon - as advertised. They deducted $1.00 for that. They were out of bacon, out of Wedge Fries, and out of Yucca Fries. What gives? Not a good way to get a decent Rap .My husband's burger had a large, unmelted hunk of cheese on it; for heavens sake, melt the damn cheese!! Otherwise, he liked it. We were surprised that they do not have fish 'n chips on the menu since it goes so very well with beer. I would suggest that - and perhaps shrimp in the shell steamed in beer. The Giant TV screens were all blasting the soccer game- not my idea of fun. Service was....INEXPERIENCED. I wish them luck.
Great beer selection ,hot waitresses, only food worth getting is  the German pretzel with beer cheese ... every thing else below expectations of the name
5 stars for the beer selection !!! Food Is perfect to compliment beer and live music as well !! Service is still rusty as they are all new but definitely friendly. Also got the name wrong it the World of Beer. Perfect.
Service was slow and disorganized. After ordering it took over 30 minutes to get are food and it came out pretty cold. Unless your coming here to try a variety of beers stay away.
I gave her a 2nd chance the service was worse today than the first time I didn't waste my money on food but still they have a great beer selection
Last night we decided to give Corporate America a chance...(because when Steve Barnes announced that it was coming to Crossgates - it elicited excitement from some)...We went to World of Beers - the ONLY impressive thing about it was the selection of beers!!! We sat at the bar - the servers were hardly friendly - not a personality among them. After we ordered our drinks (Me - a New Zealand savignon Blanc (I called ahead), it was Seaglass (available at Empire wines for $8/bottle; my husband a pint of beer)...We were asked if we wanted to pay cash as went or if we wanted to start a tab with presentation of a credit card (a huge pet peeve of mine). When were finally able to escape we discovered that a 9 oz (yes a measured pour) glass of (not that great wine) went for $12/glass (locally owned restaurants charge less and pour more of a better wine and charge far less for pints). The reuben was super salty...I declined the sub-par sides and ordered onion rings for an upcharge (of $2.50 for five)!!!! Ugh...My husbands burger was burned (ordered medium) and missing the "sauce". He enjoyed the tater tots! The space was much better used as J&A Prep kitchen!!! The only decor to be admired is the cooler space...other than that it is as vacuous as its servers!!!! TWO HUGE THUMBS DOWN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Of course, I could see how it would be popular (for drinking only) during the shopping season!!!!!!!!!!!! In the meantime, we will continue to stick to only locally owned eateries!!!!
If half a star was an option id give it that. Terrible food terrible wait staff. Beer was the only thing that made it bearable, if they weren't out of the first 4 things I ordered. 2nd time here and will never be returning.
Went here to try it out. Overall was very disappointing, everything was meh. I'm not a huge beer fan so I guess I can't comment on that too much. I like hard ciders which they had a good variety of but nothing really on tap just in bottles. The food is what was really disappointing. My friend got a margharita pizza which was pathetically tiny for $8. My boyfriend and I got the tavern tots. We wanted the pretzel but they were charging $9 for a pretzel...something you can get at a street corner for a dollar?! The tavern tots are literally tater tots you buy at Walmart and heat up. Also they gave us probably 20 tots overall. The cheese sauce was really good but it felt like something I could whip up at my house and save a lot of money. Also the environment was weird. They had a live band which was nice, but they played so loud you could not hear anyone talk. And once our waitress realized we weren't going to be spending a lot of money she disappeared. I see no point of going back again but I guess if you're a beer enthusiast and enjoy spending almost ten dollars on cheap appetizers then you're all set!
Great beer selection. Food was amazing. Took a little longer than I would have liked but place is brand new so it should be expected. Live music was also great. Atmosphere was laid back but lively. Definitely a great addition to the area. Our bartender Joanna was super sweet and a pleasure  to have taking care of us.  Must see.
