I didn't get a chance to go to the waterpark, but I did get the 2 hour dry pass! That consisted of a total of 2 hours of go-karts, putt-putt, and laser tag! The go-kart track was GREAT (HINT: The 00 car is the fastest!), you got 6 laps, which is a lot better than most places! The putt-putt was a great little 18 hole course, although sometimes challenging! And finally the laser tag! It was SO fun! (HINT 2: It's blacklight laser tag, so DON'T WEAR WHITE!) I would surely go back to this place!
This attraction is right by the beach. You can park in the garage that is right next to it for a $5 fee. When you first walk in, you enter in a large arcade area which has pretty decent games. They also had laser tag, mini golf and go-karting which I didn't experience so I can't talk too much about it. The flow of this place doesn't really seem organize, going from one section to the next. The water park has a nice kid's area and about 7-8 slides. The lazy river is very short, at only 3 feet tall all the way around. The wave pool was at the highest of 5 feet, and the water was warm. Feels like you are taking a bath.... It was a hot day, and you would expect to feel refresh jumping into a pool, this unfortunately was not. It got even worse when attempting to go down in an enclosed slide. The floaties were also a bit deflated and once going down the slide.. it was like a hot sauna all the way down. It was not enjoyable. I'm not sure why all the water felt so warm, but it felt no relief from the hot sun. There is a bar that has a/c along with pool tables. The set up is a bit weird but I guess its where people can hide to getaway from the sun or just go in the arcade. I don't think I would ever return to this place at my own free will. I only came as my husband had a work event held here.
Passed this place many of times but finally decided to check it out considering there are only so many things to do for children in Daytona. The waterpark area is pretty nice. A little compact but good amount of people on hand working there and supervising. My son was not interested in any water activities. Would of been nice to know this before we paid :/ Children under 3 are free then after that the pricing for the waterpark for kids under 42' is $20.99 and $19.99 online. That seems kinda of like a giant increase. Then to do other things like go karts, laser tag and golf is more money. Got $20 in tokens which gave me $25 for the arcade. I like that they use debit like cards for everything. The tokens go on there and when you win tickets they just go onto the card so they can just read the card to tell you how many you won. I'd say 40% of games were out. Most of the cool ones cost 1.00 in tokens. Then half the games you do really good at you win like 8 tickets. Lame. Upon leaving the girl said "oh hang on to your card to get into the waterpark". I told her my son wasn't interested in going. She gave me a look like "oh maybe I should offer their money back...wait no I won't". We didn't ask for it back. Now I wish i would have. It was $59.99 for all 3 of use (4yr old,senior citizen and a regular daily admission) to go into the waterpark that we never played at. Overall a nice place if you plan on spending the day there cause the pricing is ridiculous.
Did not think it was fair that the last Sunday in June 2014 was taken by a large group and other kids missed out. Many families traveled from far just to be able to have our kids enjoy this park only to learn it was full to capacity.
This review is based just on the arcade. They had a pretty nice arcade at Daytona Lagoon (reminded me of Gameworks though with less machines). We were looking for some fun games to occupy our time after a day at the beach. After checking out the two arcades on the beach and deciding to look for more we decided to visit Daytona Lagoon. They had a selection of games, but unfortunately their DDR systems screen was completely toasted (and we wanted to play so bad =[ ). When we walked over to the back part of the arcade we found many arcade machines were turned off or broken and that is never a good thing to see in an arcade. Maintenance should pick up the slack and either fix those machines, sell them off, or remove them from the arcade area because it is disappointing when you are looking for games to play and all the good ones are broken... We do want to visit the water park, play mini-golf, and race go-carts some day though. That looked pretty fun and was $19.99, not a bad price. We saw laser tag inside the arcade as well that we weren't able to try.
The place is small to say the least. Great for kids under 8 perhaps, but anyone older than that will be bored quickly as there isn't a lot to do. Food court employee Christopher M. was a rude little thing too, was not pleased by any means with his attitude. There are too many people on the unemployment lines for this one to be ungrateful to have a paycheck!
My son wanted to go to this place and so we did. Staff was SO SO RUDE! The wave water was broken.. we were told by a lifeguard that he could not go down slide with shorts on however he was wet and had been on every other slide... The food was a joke, most expensive cheeseburger ever and the smallest and grossest too. Laser tag and go carts were fun and the rock climbing too.l Was it worth the $200 we spent to get in and on food. Um.. NO! Tourist trap, save your money and go to the golf place with live alligators or go to the boardwalk.. if you have done those already... save your money and go to six flags or an amusement park. Let me also mention the arcade bites. Some of the oldest games you can find.. my son said the games they charge $1 for are the same ones at Chuckie Cheese f or a quarter. They claim to be the biggest arcade in Daytona.. if so they are the lamest. The best arcades are the ones on the boardwalk where mom and dad can drink pina coladas and the kids can spend all our money.
Not a bad little place. It has a huge arcade, mini golf, laser tag, a rock wall along with the water park. It has a nice kiddy area and lazy river, a wave pool and about 7 water slides. The only problem is it can be over run with summer camp kids. That kind if sucks because they make the lines long and aren't always little angels. However it is a nice thing to do on hot summer days with the kids. It shares a parking garage with a nice mall on the beach with theaters and restaurants.
One of the best water parks I have ever been to but the food isn't fantastic.
Luckily I had free vouchers for this waterpark or I would be asking for my money back. First of all, it was confusing how you could even get in to the waterpark (not the friendliest of staff at all) and the waterpark is outdated and not very large-- which was evident by the lazy river that only takes about five minutes to circle the park. Wouldn't recommend unless you have little ones that may enjoy it.
We went mini golfing at night time and it was terrible! The lighting sucked so bad that you could'nt see some of the cups and was a safety hazard. There was all kinds of debri on every hole. With so many other courses in the area, I will never go back to this one. All though the go carts were fun.
Fun for the whole family!
I went with my sons, 9 and 11, as well as my nieces, 10 and 12, and nephew 8.  We knew it was a smaller water park then some of the more well know, like Wet N Wild and Aquatica.  The price definitely reflected that.  The rides were all fun and there was always a tube available (which you don't always get at the large parks).  I enjoyed the wave pool while still feeling safe enough to let the kids go on rides.  You can see almost every ride line from the wave pool in the center of the park!  I did not like that you could not bring in any water or drinks...or any snacks...or that you had to pay to park in the adjacent parking garage because they have NO parking lot.  My personal opinion is parking should ALWAYS be included if you have a annual pass.  We did get an annual pass with a great online offer on black Friday...not sure I would do it again though if I knew I would have to pay $4 to park everytime.
a load of fun smack dab on the beach.  clean and well taken care of.
