I visited here just over a year ago as an unlicensed sport jumper looking to knock out a few coached jumps when I was working towards my A license. I called a few times ahead of time to be sure they could accommodate what I was looking for, and they were nothing but polite on the phone. Everyone I met there was very helpful and nice, which was a plus. Going to a new dz, especially as a new jumper, can be really intimidating and I was never made to feel uncomfortable or out of place here. If I remember correctly, my coach was an older fellow named Gary who was AWESOME and so SO helpful with  helping me achieve my goals while I was there. I have yet to return since getting licensed, unfortunately, but this dz is definitely on my list of places to make it back to!
I went to Deland for my first skydiving experience, I can tell that place was loved by a lot of people since there are people camping there for repeated jumps!! There were also many Europeans there going solo. I got the video/photo package as well, so I had a photographer following me around, I'm SO GLAD I GOT THE VIDEO FOR MY FIRST SKYDIVING EXPERIENCE, YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY GET THE VIDEO/PHOTO PACKAGE FOR YOUR FIRST TIME! They're all professionally done and capture the very first of your skydiving expressions/movements! The plane ride was very smooth, me and my tandem coach were the last ones to jump out followed by the photographer.My coach also taught me some parachuting maneuvers. I was never nervous at once, it was one of the BEST EXPERIENCES I've ever had, I wanted to go back again as soon as I landed! I highly recommend people to try skydiving at least once their life time. Deland Skydive is definitely a good local place for some skydiving fun. I'd go back to get my skydiving license if I had time, hopefully soon!
This was my first skydiving experience and Skydive Deland did a superb job.  We were told that this would be an all day event however we were in the air 30 minutes after walking in the door.   My instructor, Bob Crossman, was awesome, he was funny and kept me distracted, while reassuring me of how great a decision I was making.  I, like another reviewer, didn't know we were airborne until my videographer pointed it out.  Bob went over what I needed to do and made me feel very secure with the fact that I was indeed going to jump out of a plane at 14,000 feet.  After the freefall Bob swooped around with me in the parachute and really made my experience even better.   When the jump was over, the bar next door was great.  I had the best beer of my life served by a very friendly bartender.  She was efficient and timely.  They have a giant tv with which to watch your newly minted dvd of your jump.   All of the staff were very friendly, helpful and knowledgable.  The next time I'm in Florida, I will be jumping with them again.
I don't know if you can have more fun skydiving than anywhere else, and skydiving is pretty damn fun! From start to finish these guys are incredibly professional and have a profound respect for safety nowadays. The facilities are great and exactly what you'd want for a skydiving joint in Florida. I went when they were doing a promotion so I got a great deal on my first jump. If you can handle being strapped to someone else for around 30 minutes than the tandem jump is a lot of fun, especially if you get to do a back flip out of the back of the SkyVan. I wish I lived in the area so I could get my rating from them.
I came here on the recommendation of a friend who skydives regularly and said this was the place to go in the Orlando area. It was my first ever (tandem) jump and it was a great experience. My instructor, Bob, was fun and professional and his calmness and confidence made me feel totally safe. He also gave me cool Red Sox gloves to wear during the jump because I'm from Boston. Go Sox!!  My photographer/videographer, Lindsay, was super fun and cheerful and made a great video that captured all of the important moments. There were all kinds of interesting people jumping from the same plane--one guy was testing prototype equipment, there was a Czech team working on formations, and there were a few others--who knows who they were! All in all, a great experience! I'm excited to go again!
There's a reason this is one of the top rated skydiving places IN THE WORLD!!!!!   THEY ARE AMAZING!  At first I was afraid, not terrified, then I met Pine. He was my tandum diving buddy. He put me right at ease and his accent just made me trust him...not sure why haha.  He had me practice the manuvers we were going to be doing and made sure I was ok and calm and happy.  He wanted the best jump for me and did what it took for that to happen.  The plane was amazing. Not bumpy or rattely, I didn't even know we had lift off til I looked out the window and saw that we were in the air...that's how smooth it was.  Pine kept reassuring me that we were gonna have a blast and if I kept my posture right (arched back) that we would do some flips!!! yes please!!! bring it on!  I also had a camera guy there to take video and pics, (DO IT, YOU WON"T REGRET IT) and he was awesome too, kept getting me hyped and excited, not scared.  My boyfriend John went with me too, I forget the dudes name that was his instructor, but John had a great time too.   Anywho, time for the jumping...Pine was the man, He told me to let him do everything...not the typical response from a man, but ok! So, I did and he did everything great! He led me to the ledge of the plane, held me close and we fell out...doing a couple of flips...yaaahhhooooo!!!!!!   Breath taking and so much fun!  All the manuvers we practiced went perfectly, he gave me an over view of the scenery and you can even see the beach...beautiful!!!  Landing was ridiculously smooth and I can't wait to do it again. SO MUCH FUN!!!!  Service was amazing, Pine was amazing and the memories are amazing! I love my pics and video and highly recommend that you purchase those. AMAZING!!!
If you're looking for instruction on how to skydive, come to the Skydiving Training Capital of the World.  Seriously, while sitting on the deck of The Perfect Spot Restaurant and Bar, you will hear numerous foreign languages and accents being spoken all around you.  I've also heard that many of our presidents have sent their kids here when they wanted to try out or participate in the sport.  Skydive DeLand has the instructors, credentials and equipment (including hangars, video rooms and aircraft mock-ups) to offer everything from tandem first jumps to year-round championship coaching.  Skydive DeLand also claims to be the first to develop the tandem skydiving technique.
My friends surprised me with a tandem skydive for my birthday and this place was AMAZING!  The entire staff was friendly and very reassuring and comforting.  They have a great little restaurant/bar that you can have a quick bite or drink while you wait.  My tandem instructor was Bob and he was the greatest.  If you have ever even thought of going on a tandem, DO IT!  And do it here!
