One of my favorite Florida State Parks. The Blue Springs is one of the Class One springs that delivers over 100 million gallons of water a day. There is a place to swim, snorkel and scuba dive with correct permits. There is a kayak, canoe and Segway rental place, and there are cruises on the St. John river cost for adults is $22. There are lots of places to picnic and a small cafe. There are two trails, one is a boardwalk for observing the springs, wildlife and colonial home. The other edges on oak forest and shrubbery and leafs 4.5 miles to a lake (round trip is 9 miles). Entry to the park is $6 per vehicle or by State Park Pass.
We came here one day back in May during vacation. We only went for the day to go swimming. Being from California, we don't really have bountiful springs like they do in Florida so visiting springs is something we do every year. I've been to a couple of springs before and this one is great! The water was pretty cold when we were there but once you get used to it, it's really refreshing. I enjoyed swimming around and exploring through the waters. There were deep and shallow areas. We even ran into some baracudas in the water!!! It's pretty scary and exciting at the same time! We rented some tubes and goggles from the store, but I suggest bringing your own if you can to save money! My only complaint is the bottom of the springs - it has a lot of sharp rocks that can hurt your feet. We bought some water shoes but those prevented you from being able to swim. You either just walked around the water or swam but hurt your feet while walking.   As for showers, I didn't really see any decent shower areas, but I also didn't really look. I only saw one shower spot outside and then the bathroom nearby for changing. Overall, it was a fun trip!! I would definitely go back
Leaving Blue Springs Park now, and I am begging my husband to stay one more night. Words cannot do this gem justice. First, the park rangers and volunteers. Kind, warm, customer service oriented, and willing to answer all questions, and educate visitors. Second, great campsite. Each is fairly private. Clean. Pretty roomy. Some animal,maybe a raccoon, opened our Tupperware box and helped themselves to marshmallows. Not holding it against the park. Most importantly, the springs. Words cannot due. Friday night a mother manatee gave birth in the boil of the springs. You could see the mother and calf from a viewpoint higher above. Majestic. The park sectioned off the boil, but the springs were still opened for tubing and swimming. A volunteer was on guard making sure everyone stayed away. The bad: we parked our car at the St. John's river parking lot, adjacent to the Thirby House ( great historical site!) And some asshole broke into our car and stole my Walmart purse, wallet, and an iPad.  Really? Besides my purse and wallet,  a great place to visit.
One of my favorite state parks! Absolutely beautiful, love the spring, the paths, the store and the playground. Cost $6 to go to the park and a $1 to blow up your tubes ect (well worth the money!)
I grew up going to Blue Springs and it's just as beautiful today as it was 20 years ago. There are a million shades of green above and below the water. The swimming is easy and the clear cool  water is one of the best answers to the heat. Take a tube and float, or a mask and fins to check out the fish and boil (where the water comes from). They have a little snack shop, gift and gear shop, and boat tours. Today my dad's mask strap broke and Zimmer at the gear shop went above and beyond finding another one for me. Thanks Zimmer. You made my world better today. Go to Blue Springs! Blow a kiss to a manatee!
Beautiful park! Crystal clear water! Have your kids wear a life jacket, shallow area is 6ft deep. Nice little souvenir shop, friendly staff, however, not so friendly in the snack bar! Bring your ice chest and frisbee! You can camp here. You can rent canoes, tubes, segways, take a boat tour. You can even dive here. Beautiful walkways. Go during manatee season which is Nov-Mar.
It doesn't often get "cold" in Florida, thankfully.  But when the weather gets cooler, Blue Spring State Park is the place to go.  You see, when temperatures dip, manatees look for warmer waters and head to the always 73 degree water of Blue Spring State Park.  It's amazing to walk into the park and just see hundreds of manatee hanging out in the crystal clear water. There are some great boardwalks that offer a lot of viewing areas.  Upon our recent visit, we saw over 200 manatee in the warm waters.  Be sure to hit the Blue Spring Trail to see the trail head.  It's pretty cool to see this big black hole where the water comes out.  It's also fun to see all the manatee trying to get into the hole. You can pack a lunch or buy food at two of the little cafes on the property.  It's not a giant park, but it's absolutely beautiful.
I cannot believe I haven't written a review on Blue Spring State Park yet; I come here quite often.  It is a beautiful place with big shade trees, singing birds and lots of trails to explore.  Walking along the St. John's River on the boardwalk is so beautiful and peaceful - you will never want to leave.  There are a lot of activities here to do, but I mostly come to walk along the river. The BEST part of this park is the manatees.  During certain times of the year, there can be several hundred just cruising along the bottom of the crystal clear river.  When you walk along the boardwalk, there are several areas where you can stop and see them up close.  It is an honor for me to walk in the park among these awesome endangered creatures. Today, in addition to the manatees, I saw a couple different woodpeckers.  You can hear the bird calls from all over the park because it is so quiet and serene. When the manatees are not here, I believe you can swim in the river.  But, during the time the manatee are here, there is no swimming or tubing.  Quite frankly, I always see 1 or 2 alligators in this river - I am not so sure I would want to jump in with them!  But, that's just me. There are clean restrooms and a place where you can buy some small snacks and gifts in a little gift shop.  There is also camping (not that I EVER camp; I'm a hotel kinda girl!)   I love it here and will be back soon! Visit there!  It's only $4 to get in and it will be the best $4 you ever spent. p.s.  If you are only coming to see manatees, make sure you come at the right time of the year.  I usually come in December, January and February and there are always hundreds in the river.  But, during the summer, they are not here.  Look at the Blue Spring website to check.
Go for the fireflies through the end of April. My wife and I were there on 4/7 just to see the fireflies. I was expecting to be a little disappointed, being from up north where we always had fireflies in the summer, but I was blown away by the show. Thousands of them all along the spring run. Amazing. Just get there before sunset and ask for a pass to stay after dark. They give you a firefly pass.
Definitely worth a look if you're in the area. We went in December to see the manatees and were not disappointed; there were quite a few, including some cute babies. Seeing these big guys cruising in a beautiful, clear river was rewarding, but the setting is a treat in itself. Walk along the boardwalk back to the source of the springs and it just gets prettier as you go. You'll feel like you walked into the Cretaceous period; I expected a T-Rex to come crashing out of the trees. I'm a bit baffled that they allow swimming and snorkeling here, but I'm sure an enthusiast would enjoy it.
Blue Springs is one of my all time favorite state parks. We went today to see the manatees and we saw plenty. Absolutely beautiful place and well maintained park. Don't be turned off if there is a line to get in. Unfortunately the process to get in takes longer on busy days than they can keep up with. Pack a lunch, a frisbee or a ball, a blanket and camera! It's a beautiful park and seeing the manatees all along the viewing areas on the boardwalk should not be missed. My pick is to always go when it's a bit cold since that is when the manatees come in to get warm. This trip we saw plenty of manatees, fish and birds. Absolutely breath taking!
If you give this place less than 5 stars, you have no soul. I've been coming here for years, so rather than reviewing this place and saying the same thing everyone else has, here's a list of tips. 1) If you want to see manatees, get there EARLY.  It's colder in the morning, and the only reason the manatees are in the run is because the h2o is warm.  As the day heats up, so too does the St. Johns, plus a manatees gotta eat right?  A great example was last week.  There were about 50 manatees there when they did the count.  I got there about 10:30 and saw probably 20.  By the time I left at noon, you had to "search" hard just to see 4 or 5.  So get there early if you want to see a lot of sea cows.  Plus, if you get there early you'll get right in the park.  Get there at noon during the manatee months, and you'll be waiting in a LONG entrance ling, or worse the park could reach capacity. 2)  This goes with #1, and is kindof obvious but ummm.... the manatee are only there in the colder months so you're probably not going to see manatee in the run in September (though if you rent a boat you might see them out on the St. John's) 3) Blue Springs is a great place to picnic, yet hardly anyone seemingly does.  The picnic area is relatively shaded, is right along the river, and has picnic tables and grills for cooking. 4) It's a fantastic place to go for a swim (though you're not allowed to swim during "manatee season") with the crystal clear water, lots of fishies, and 72 degree temp. 5) I'm not a bird watcher, but if you are, right outside the entrance of the park all along the road is Scrub Jay habitat.  Personally I think you bird watchers are nuts to travel so far for a glimpse of a threatened bird, but if that's your thing I've seen them there numerous times.
I've been here numerous times throughout my life, and most recently this past February (2013).  As long as it's not too far out of the way for you, this place makes for a fun and VERY affordable short day trip.  It's not very big, so I wouldn't anticipate spending more than an hour or two here unless you bring a blanket and sit out on the lawns to read or something.   You can't really get all that close to the manatees usually (though there's one spot waaaay to the left where you can actually get down to the water), but you usually get to see quite a few.  The manatees are the main attraction and your most likely siting, but there's a good chance you'll see turtles/alligators too!   The place is very well maintained, with nice level boardwalks. TIP - If you're approaching from the south, use Exit 114 off of Route4 so you can take 472 to 15. If you jump off earlier and trek through Orange City you may regret it.  (Crazy number of traffic lights...a ton of places to eat though...)
Had such a great time!  A friend found the park and got the group to make a weekend out of it.  We ended up renting 2 sites and luckily chose to sites back-to-back.  I can't remember her site #, but mine was #30 and it was about a 5 yard short path between the two sites and it worked out perfectly.  We had 2 tents on each side and had an amazing time!! The sites were immaculate and the bathrooms were extremely clean.  But the spring--oh, that WONDERFUL spring!?!  Although I'm sure it would be amazing to be there during the Manatee season to see the herds of manatees...jumping into that crystal clear, nasal clearing cool water was INCREDIBLE.  And a great workout!!  The current was a lot stronger than I anticipated but it sure was fun swimming our way up and then floating back down.  I absolutely recommend bringing a dive/snorkel mask to check out the opening of the spring.  As one in our group commented, "more gorgeous than I could have ever anticipated."  It was kinda awe inspiring. Already can't wait for my return trip.
This is my first review ever! Lol I love this place.. I remember coming here as a kid, and now, 10 years later, it looks nearly identical as it had back then, big props to every person who works to keep this place a true Florida gem. Plus, MANATEES :)
Blue springs, is an awesome place to come and get refreshed from the heat of the day and it is a wonderful place to do so just like Weekiva this place just has a ramp by the river that is elevated higher then the river and you can jump off . You can also swim in the water with large Catfish and even snakes just be careful were you step and if you want to canoe you can out in to the St.Johns river for a descent price. Forgot your water goggles or need other things you can get it there in there store you can either buy it or rent it and they also sell Sodas,Waters and snack. It truly is a great family event for everyone Also if you seem down the river to the very end there is a cave under water and you can see it if you underwater.
This place is so cool!!! I had never been to a natural spring before so I wasn't sure what to expect. I had read about this place before we got there so I knew it was supposed to be a 'cold spring' but I didn't really put that much thought into it. Let me be clear to whoever is reading this: IT IS COLD!!!! I think if you're going to get into the water the best thing to do is to just jump in so you get the initial shock over with and then you can enjoy the beautiful water. My sister in law took the slow approach and it took her about 45 minutes to finally get in all the way. We went into the water in two different parts... a deep end, where it is about 9+ feet deep and then the shallower end where the water is mostly about waist deep (I'm 5'2.5)... I have to say that as far as enjoying the water is concerned, the deep end is the way to go... I may not have reached the bottom but I really got to enjoy the water and swim around... plus your body gets used to the temperature better there since you're completely submerged. In the shallow end you kinda get warmed up again above your waist so if you want to get in you have to go through the shock again. On the shallow end... where the actual spring is, there is this tree that looks like it fell over. This tree is important, if you come here you will see people congregated around the base/roots of this tree and then you'll see them rubbing this mud/sand/clay all over themselves. I joined in after asking a woman why they were doing that and being told that it has 'minerals that help exfoliate and nutrients that are healthy for the skin'. I'm sure its similar to many different other mud-bath-ish things so I didn't have a problem rubbing it all over and hanging out for a little while. We even gathered a good sized ball of it to take home. Coming to this spring was an awesome experience. I would love to come back and really spend some time exploring the rest of the park. One word of advice: Come early.. the place gets packed really early and then there is a long wait.
More Green than Blue....but awesome nonetheless! Blue Springs is a MUST visit for both tourists and locals alike. The water here is cool and clear, and keeps a year-round temperature of about 72 degrees. Plus, you might see a manatee or two! The Good: Beautiful scenery: Hands down, Blue Springs is the most gorgeous spot in Florida. Big canopy trees provide plenty of shade, and it is easy to lose yourself looking into the deep blue-green water. Plenty of wildlife: There's fish, manatees, birds,and even a few alligators! There are plenty of informational posters around the park, so visiting Blue Springs can really be a learning experience. The Bad: Nothing to Eat?: One thing I really love about DeLeon springs is that there is a nice restaurant on-site. But unfortunately there is no such luck at Blue Springs. But it's not to big of a deal, just pack a nice picnic! Blue Springs is a must visit for anyone who lives or visits Florida. Trust me, you'll remember it long after you've forgotten all those dumb attractions. Overall 10/10= Beautiful Blue Springs!
Great little park with lots to do. Have camped her a couple times in the summer. Beautiful camp sites, wonderful trails and the spring. The spring, the reason this park exists. It's what makes the 90+ degree days tolerable. Gin clear water at a constant 70 degrees or so. Swim all day and camp fire at night.   Lots of wildlife found here and there is canoe and kayak access to the St. Johns river. I have not visited in the winter to see the manatees but I here it is home to several hundred at a time. Must be something to see. Have seen a couple in the summer but here that is rare.  Only negative here is for campers. The camp sites set along side an active train track. Yes, it runs all night long but between trains its as quite as the wildlife will allow. Wont stop me from coming back. See you next summer, Cheers.
I grew up in Orange City, and actually lived on Blue Springs Avenue. Needless to say, I have lots of memories growing up and going to the Springs. There are lots and lots of trails for you to walk on and check out nature if you're not into swimming in beautiful clear water. And hey, if you're into swimming in dirty water you can go to the St. Johns river. It's close. I think my favorite part about it though is in the winter when the Manatees come. They're the cutest fatties ever.
One of my favorite places in central Florida, and one of the few places I'd recommend as a must see for tourists.    Crystal clear water, with plenty of life swimming beneath.    In the winter, a favored spot for Manatees.   In the summer, it's a great spot for a swim. Often extremely crowded.  Weekdays are best, and you can swim downstream a ways for more seclusion.   One summer I visited the springs at least twice a week.  A family of otters took up residence on the banks of the streams and were a lot of fun to watch.  They had little fear of humans, and would sometimes swim around my legs underwater.   Thankfully, never aggressive.    They even let me watch them hunt and eat fish on the banks. Great birdwatching.  No shortage of snakes and spiders -1 star for crowds and overdeveloped boardwalks.    But with a little imagination you might be able to get a mental picture of what old Florida was like.
The place is beautiful, hands down. I really was hoping to see more wildlife, well it was out of season for manatees, but maybe an alligator? I did get to see plenty of fish, some of which were pretty huge. Also, hiking wise, there's not that much of it - it's mostly boardwalk made around the springs offers more observation angles than distance. I also wish I had snorkeling gear with me but even so I ended up having a very enjoyable swim. If you are a nature nut like me,- definitely worth the trip, especially during the manatees season has to be pretty spectacular.
What a great summer spot! Only an hour away from downtown Orlando, it is the perfect day-trip get away! We rented tubes ($5 for the first hour and $2.50 for each addt'l hour) and just floated along the springs. The water was chilly at first (we were there at 9:30a), but as soon as the sun was overhead, it was absolutely refreshing and perfect! Go early, no lines, your pick of tubes and not a ton of obnoxious people. We did not see any manatees this time around (too hot for them), but we did see tons of fish and birds and some gators (though not were we were tubing). Bring a picnic lunch, we did and it was perfect! A great day!!
I've been to Blue Springs twice now, and recommend it to both Central Floridians or anyone visiting the Sunshine State! Clocking in at less than an hour's drive from Orlando, it's a great day trip! The first time I visited the park was February and it was extremely cold out (even for FL!). Why go to a park when it's freezing? Because the springs were jammed packed with manatees seeking warmer waters! I've never seen so many in one place...it was awesome! If you're planning on going in the colder months specifically to see the manatees, I'd suggest calling the park the day of to make sure the drive is worth the time. Most recently I visited for a 2nd time for some tubing & swimming in the same springs. You probably won't see any manatees in the warmer months! They rope off the area for swimming, tubing, canoeing & scuba diving. We rented some tubes and enjoyed the natural "lazy river". The park is roughly $6 per vehicle to get in. There's plenty of picnic areas. I'd suggest getting there early especially on weekends to snag a good spot. There's an old house/museum on site, lots of walking trails, and boat tours. I'll definitely be back!
well there are a lot of reviews here and I'll try and fill in the missing pieces.  Blue springs is hands down one of florida's best natural spots to spend the whole day.  it has something for everyone. there's a playground for kids. a volleyball court for athletes, canoes for the adventurers, long boardwalks for the sightseers, tubing down the stream, snorkeling, and for all you scuba divers, there is a 130 foot deep cave you can dive down. I actually got certified here. the manatees are only here during the winter months because the year round 72 degree water is warmer than the st johns water and they are warm blooded and like the warmer water.  I like going to the boil (where the cave is and where the water spring is) and free diving down to where the scuba divers are. Its a really good time and one of my all-time favorite natural spots in FL
Well I can only tell you that the time spent here was so memorable and thoroughly enjoyed, I don't know where to start: With a SUV jam packed with kids, we headed off to Blue Springs, known for it's winter-time manatee dwelling, however, this was very recent, so it's summer-time... We settled our camp and BBQ'd for a bit, then went for a swim in this beautiful natural spring--whew!  It WAS COLD BUT EXHILARATING! I loved it, the kids loved it and apparently everyone else camping there as well. This is a super family  spot, even a terrific romantic place to spend with your sweetie. Affordable, clean and natural...REFRESHING!
Beautiful, refreshing Florida spring water.  Visited the spring with some co-workers and we had a great time. There is snorkeling equipment available for rent as well as tubes, but....I would have been fine without the rental tube. Wear water shoes or similar so you can walk upstream to the actual spring and float down with the current.  Relaxing.   There were father & son scuba divers that went down to the bottom where the spring water comes out.  Very cool!  Literally and figuratively. Speaking to the gentleman that rents the gear, we learned that there are manatees, but usually in the spring time.  Rumor had it that a mother and her calf would wander into the general public swimming are and nuzzle swimmers, but...we didn't get to experience that.  :-( We did see  a lot birds (herons, egrets, etc.) and fish (gar, catfish).   I loved this place.
Excellent swimming in the summer but wear water shoes as it's pretty rocky. From mid nov to mid march the water is closed for the manatee. Wait until it gets cold out and come see hundreds of manatee seek refuge in the warmer waters of the spring. The pine hiking trail was not great but the boardwalk and areas by the water are beautiful.
I have been camping all around Florida my entire life.  This trip was not one of my favorites.  In fact it was one of my least Favs.  The park itself would probably be nice for a day trip but not an over night stay.  The camp ground has a train track that runs beside/behind  it and the first night I swore I was gonna strangle some one!  Would never camp here again.  The swimming hole is rather small and has tannins in the water so it isn't as crystal clear like other springs in the area.  The old homestead was pretty cool.  BTW Their are two blue springs, this one and one near High Springs. Oh and BTW I have a heart this place just wasn't great.
If you want to check out manatees (who doesn't) , gators, huge fish (and lots of'em) all while basking in the glow that is Florida's natural canopy of lush trees and ferns, head north to Blue Springs State Park. The price for a car load (up to 8 peeps) is only $6.00! If you prefer to go solo, it still only runs you $4.00. We went strictly for the Manatees, knowing the winter months of November through February were an excellent time to catch them in the run. I hear the camping is also very nice up here, but the short drive from Orlando (less than an hour) & the cheap price for admission was well worth it just to check out the sea cows--chilling in the spring like snow birds avoiding the colder, open waters. The day we visited the sign out front said there were something like 70 of these loveable beasts currently floating along the river walk (That's the nice sidewalk they have, tracing the spring for a quarter mile or so). They built some big decks alongside, perfect for photo ops. So we spent about two hours there, leisurely enjoying the sights, snapping off a few pics grabbing a couple of manatee trinkets from the gift shop. It's chill to the max. We went on a week day so it was really slow as far as tourists go. Weekends would probably be a little busier, but still--if you haven't been out, you should take an afternoon and give it a look-see.
I went here for the 2 hour river cruise and it was great. No complaints and the captain had funny jokes. Made the trip very nice! They served water and chips on board (not free) and a bathroom is also on the boat.
Very beautiful location abut an hour north of Orlando. Decided to do something different and swim in the shade. Awesome swimming area, but limited access and no beach. The river is accessed by a dock with steps. Water perfect temp and absolutely clear. Nice just floating around on a inflatable.
I've been here twice now.  Just recently, last Monday.  What a treasure this park is.  It is only $6 for a carload and it is a beautiful park setting with lots of access to the Blue Spring where one can peacefully observe the awesome manatee.  Thank goodness the people of Florida recognize this valuable asset and they take excellent care of this park.  It's great for children too.   There are places to take in a picnic too or there is a small snack bar and a gift shop.  A park ranger runs a short informational presentation on the manatees and the park which is also very interesting.  Very conveniently located off the main highways.  Close to Daytona Beach and bit over an hour north of Orlando.  The best times for the manatee are in mid-January to March.  You've got to experience this if you're ever in this area of Florida.  It is fantastic, scenic and inexpensive.
Blue Springs is one of the most serene places in Florida. I used to go camping here with my parents every year. Be prepared for mosquito's and lots of people....but nothing beats jumping in the FREEZING water on a hot humid day.
Hiking, Swimming, and Manatees....On my!!!!! So many things to do here....so little time. Of course the highlight are the manatees. Save a manatee by adopting one today!!! It's best to see manatees when it is cold. They don't care much for the warmer spring waters. Currently it's possible to see up to 200 daily. Did you ever see a mama manatee w/it's calf? One of the best sights nature has to offer. Want to get wet? Jump on into the spring's swimming hole! Want to hike? THIS is the place to do it while observing the trees, birds and fauna. Want to canoe? You can do that here too? Not enough time to see and do what you want? You can rent a cabin or camp out. Bring a lunch and picnic on one of the many tables that are set up under the trees. The staff here is friendly and extremely knowledgable. There is also a cute gift shop and an old plantation on site to explore. All of this for only $6 a car!!! Where else can you have a fun, informative day for that price???
First of all, WHOA, THAT'S A BIG HOLE IN THE GROUND SPEWING WATER!  So very awesome.  This is no trickle out of a rock face -- there were scuba divers disappearing into this thing.  It bubbles a little, and makes a beautiful tree-canopied river down which to float (be careful to avoid snagging on mossy submerged trees, but do play on them), and even sometimes has manatees in it.  When we arrived, the park was at capacity -- how is that possible?! -- but we got in in about ten minutes.  It's only $6 per car for the day.  There are extensive hiking trails, camping, kayaking, boat tours, you name it.  But swimming in the river is soooo nice.  You can rent a tube for $5 and with a driver's license, but just get on in the water.  It's consistently warm, and even on that busy day not crowded.  Lots of kids, lots of families, lots of fun.
Ever seen a Manatee?  These otherworldly sea mammals, who winter in the crystaline waters of Florida's threatened freshwater spring systems, are like some kind of benevolant Lucasfilms creature.  Picture the secret love child of Nikita Krushchev and Flipper.  They swim and dive in the beautifully clear water, grazing among the waterplants and going about their business while we earthlings look on in dumb amazement.  Blue Springs is a really pleasant drive out of Orlando and is a nice easy-effort way to admire the Manatee and see the incredible beauty of these springs close up.  There's a nice restaurant nearby that serves the most otherworldly blueberry pancakes as well.  abfla.com/parks/BlueSpri…
We stopped here after Orlando driving up north.  We wanted to see manatees.  After paying the $6 entrance fee, saw many manatees.  There is a cafe, clean restrooms near parking then a gift shop and more restrooms on another side.  We wanted to go on the 10 am cruise but missed it. They also had Segway tours.  There is also a historic home to tour.  We left about 1140 am and there was a line at the entrance.
Blue Springs State Park in a gorgeous park that has walking trails, swimming, manatee sightings, and camping. I enjoyed my time there, but honestly I was done and ready to leave after an hour. If you come in the winter you won't be able to swim in the springs because of the manatees. My mom and I stopped in during the summer months, so we were able to actually swim in the springs. There is a small store where you can rent tubes if you didn't bring any. I was a little disappointed that the springs weren't longer. Even though they say tubing is available, you really can't tube/float for long. The lady in the store said it would take about 20 minutes to float down. In all actuality it took probably 10. After we floated down we got back on the walking trail, walked the 7 minute trail to the start of the springs, and floated down again. The springs were very clean and refreshing. We were also able to see 2 manatees that haven't left yet. This is a very nice place. I wouldn't recommend planning a whole day here though.
One of the places I miss most from my time in Florida is Blue Springs.  It is so beautiful and peaceful (without the crowds).  The water is lovely shades of green, turquoise and blue.  Manatee sightings are very common; seeing these quiet creatures in their natural environment is worth the drive.  They also remind you of how we need to appreciate nature and all her inhabitants.  Too often, the propeller motors of boats on the waterways will cut the backs of the slow-moving and graceful manatees, and you'll see the scars on some of them.  Highly recommend that everyone enjoy and appreciate this park at least once!
Beautiful park. The day we went the manatees were there in abundance. So cool to see them all. Want to go back and spend more time exploring.
For the different parks around Florida centered around springs this one seems to be the best. I recently reviewed Rock Springs and Wekiva Springs in Apopka. Basically if you took the both of those, combined them, and put them on steroids that would be Blue Springs. The difference is that in addition to the scenic nature trails, camping sites, rivers, and streams. You have one of the most beautiful springs I have ever seen. You can swim, snorkel, dive, and explore the vast regions of the springs. It is very deep in parts and you can actually see the giant underground spring the water originates from. Oh and the water is warm, not freezing like most of the other parks. If getting wet isn't on your wish list then you may want to try the boat and kayak tours down the Saint Johns, or go through the historic sites in the park. In the winter time there is no swimming aloud due to the manatees migrating in for the warm water. But this allows for some amazing views of these giant creatures. Now, I don't give it a five because I haven't swam in it yet. I have only visited in the winter. But this summer I intend to try it again. Afterwords I will add my thoughts to the review.
We visited Blue Spring State Park on Labor Day weekend 2011, I had my eye on this park for over a year but something else always came up. I wish I had insisted on this trip sooner. The park is immense, one of the largest I have visited. It has camping facilities both primitive and full hook ups, cabins and tons of picnic areas. The spring is the most amazing natural thing I have seen in a long time. The watter is pure and crystal clear. The water temperature is a bit cold at 72 degrees year round, but you only feel it right when you go in, in an instant you are surrounded by a refreshing feeling. It is a must for all, I am not a very good swimmer and the first time we went in, we used the deep entrance and I was a little scared. The second time we used the second, shallow entrance which leads to the spring head and it was nothing but magical clear cool water has a week current but nothing since you are actually walking. Then you turn the corner and there it is, the mouth of the spring. Its crazy beautiful, I will be back next year for sure. Although the park is open year round the spring closes for the winter from Nov to April because of the manatees which use this spring in cold weather. I encourage all to visit this Spring you will not regret it.
This is a really nice park. I went canoeing for the first time here and had a great time. I went during winter time so the water was too cold to go in but I did get to see manatees!!
Very nice place to go. I have been there several times and it was fun. Nice areas to walk and areas to have a barbeque. They also have food available to purchase. On one visit I was going to the bathroom and there was one of the workers attempting to remove a snake that was slithering near a trash can by the bathroom. Also be careful when you get near the edge or walk by areas with vegetation or trees. There are snakes that are sunbathing and enjoying the view of the beautiful park and water areas as we are. SSSSSSSSSSSSS   :)
I was surprised with a Kayaking adventure from my girlfriend. We came out here with  Captain Andrew and the Expedition Florida Adventures group. We had a BLAST!!! Not only was the Captain an awesome fun guide but he was very knowledgeable on all the wild life. We were of high hopes of seeing a Manatee on our journey and thanks to some eagle eyes from my girlfriend we were successful! We saw a few different types of birds, alligators, bottle nose fish etc. All in all it was an awesome day and some major fun was had by all!! Definitely recommend bringing the kids for a swim or a Kayaking adventure.
a great time .... Camping .... Swimming in the spring .... Exploring the natural world ... Thank you ...
Manatee's...lots and lots of manatees.  Here is is just a short drive from Orlando.  I haven't been here in years, since I was a kid, and I remember the awe of seeing so many manatees in the crystal clear waters.  On the day we went there were 214 present and some were even babies.  I would like to say that if you want to take a break from theme parks and traffic, head north to this delightful venue.  During the summer the park is open for swimming, but in the winter it is a nice preserve.  There are campsites and picnic areas as well.  A playground for the little ones if they get bored looking at manatees.  There are kayak and canoe rentals in the park too.  You can even take a guided tour around the St Johns river area.  They also have a river tour which lasts about two hours and is enclosed in a supersized pontoon boat, the cruise leaves twice a day.  the facilities were clean and the park was busy but not overcrowded.  I love that we can drive just a short distance to tranquility.
Blue Springs, a refreshing and fun way to enjoy your summer afternoon.  Beware, the water is ICE cold.  It's something you expect with a natural spring.  Blue Springs is a great place to make use of that snorkel that's been rotting away in your closet.  On your way up river, you can see all kinds of fish...even swordfish.  Some of these fish are monstrous and will swim right up to you.  When you swim up river to the spring, you can dive under and see the seemingly limitless cave underwater that causes the outflow of the spring.  It's pretty stunning.  The visitor's center offers you the ability to rent tubes, canoes, and snorkeling equipment.  They also rent out lockers, which is pretty convenient.  One thing to beware of, the infamous Central Florida thunderstorms roll in during the summer unexpectedly.  If that happens, they may close all water activities.  What sucks even more is that if weather channel even thinks there is a thunderstorm anywhere near Central Florida, they will limit your canoeing so that you can only go up and down the area immediately down river from the swimming area.  To end on a bright note, jumping off the bridge into the river can be pretty fun, but eventually a ranger may come to tell you to cut it out.
Best time in FL. Amazingly clear water in the warm spring, through which you can see the many manatees who gather there in the "cold" winter months because the spring is a constant 72 degrees. Bathrooms are clean, the park workers are friendly and helpful, and the wildlife is AMAZING. Manatees are the most amazing creatures on this earth, so cute and so peaceful.
