I was meeting my daughter, son in law and granddaughter in Orlando to visit DisneyWorld.  I found UnderCover Tourist online and was able to get a 4 day Park Hopper ticket for the price of a 3 day ticket, saving $106.85 for the 4 tickets! And the shipping was free!  SInce my daughter and her family live in Germany, I had the tickets shipped to my home.  They arrived within 6 days, a full 4 days ahead of schedule! We also had the option of picking the tickets up at the UPS store near DisneyWorld.   I am extremely pleased with the service and the ease of ordering tickets from their website. The site was very easy to use and even offers advice and recommends apps to avoid the crowds and skip the lines!  Check it out!  I very highly recommend purchasing your tickets through UnderCover Tourist and saving money!  You won't see much money savings when you enter DisneyWorld!! We live just down the road from Disneyland and other tourist attractions and I only wish the UnderCover Tourist had service out here in California too! Thanks for a great experience Undercover Tourist!  And for the money we saved!!
What an easy transaction. We purchased our Disney World and Universal Studios tickets from Undercover Tourist and the site had better discounted prices than what my work provided! We purchased the tickets one week prior to departure, so we didn't want to risk regular mail delivery. We decided to pick them up from the UPS Store near Universal Studios, and had no problems with the pick up. Just show your ID and the credit card used to purchase the tickets and then head over to the park. I would use this vendor again.
This place is awesome!  I got some discounted Kennedy Space Center tickets from these guys and would definitely buy from them again.  Prices were great, the delivery time is QUICK, and the communication during the whole process is fantastic.   I highly recommend Undercover Tourist!
I bought Disney tickets through these guys as a last minute present for a friend of mine. I would have gone through the official Disney site, but shipping would have taken too long. Also, I live in Maryland so I could not be there in person to facilitate this. UT made sure the tickets got there a full day earlier than the shipping estimate! These guys really helped me surprise my friend and came through for me when I needed help. My friend said they had an amazing time at Disney. UT get the credit for helping with logistics. Great job guys!!!!!!!
The best place to buy Walt Disney world tickets.  This is a legitimate business . I ordered a 5 day theme park ticket and they included an extra day for free. The price you see is the price you pay period, including taxes and free shipping!
We used Undercover Tourist to buy Walt Disney World tickets in August 2009 after reading several recommendations on the Disney Vacation Club Yahoo Group.  I will say I was a little apprehensive placing the order, but those hesitations were completely unwarranted.  We purchased just before the annual Disney price increase, so we really got a great deal on a 7-day "Magic Your Way" tickets for the price of 4-day tickets. Undercover Tourist provided good communication on the status of our order, the tickets arrived promptly and we had no problems when we checked in at Walt Disney World in September using them.  Since we were only planning four park days, we were able to upgrade them at our hotel (Wilderness Lodge) for a nominal price to "no expiration", so we will almost get a second full trip out of it! I heartily recommend Undercover Tourist and will be using them again in the future!
I ordered 4 Disney World Tickets from Undercover Tourist, and they sent us the old paper tickets which were no longer valid for park entry. I had to stand in a long line with walk-up buyers to exchange the tickets.
WOW! I purchased 2, 5 day Disneyworld tickets from them, and they showed up 3 days later all the way to California! Amazing service with extra touches, and the best price I could find.
My friend and I both bought discounted tickets to Kennedy Space Center from Undercover Tourist. Right after ordering my ticket, I got a phone call from them, confirming my order (this was because my shipping address was different from my billing address). I was pleasantly surprised at how fast the ticket arrived. Since the Space Center does not have discounts for Florida residents, I was very happy to at least save a few dollars by ordering from here, and would gladly use them again!
These guys are fantastic!  I get my WDW tickets from them every time I go!  Universal too!  They are always cheaper (and when WDW does their annual price increases, Undercover Tourist continues to sell the tickets they have at the original prices until they're all gone instead of raising their prices automatically at the same time!).  Their website also has a very cool traffic calendar which shows you the busiest days for each park - very helpful when planning your vacation and wanting to avoid crowds.  If you subscribe to their email list, you get an email from them every few months talking about what's new at the parks.  They also give travel tips, post videos, etc.  I definitely highly recommend Undercover Tourist and will continue to use them to get my WDW tickets every year!
The best place to buy Disney tickets.  I've purchased from them on a few different occassions and have had ZERO problems.  They're slightly cheaper than buying at the park (it's about as 'discounted' as you can get since Disney has such a tight reign on their ticket prices).  QUICK delivery, worry free purchase - don't be afraid to order your tickets from Undercover Tourist!
Okay, admittedly I haven't actually been here just yet but we bought tickets from them online and they arrived VERY quickly. Like 3 days after we ordered them, they were already at our doorstep. They are definitely a great service for tickets in the FL area.
I ordered tickets to Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure online from Undercover Tourist. All told, I purchased 14 tickets (types incl. adult, child, 3-day, and single day). The sale went through with no problem, and within minutes, a representative from Undercover Tourist called me on the phone. It seems they recognized that my shipping address was, in fact, to a resort in Florida, and they were understandably concerned about shipping them to a hotel if I wasn't going to be there to receive the package myself. My family and I were still at home in Texas at the time, but ready to depart to FL within 2 days. The rep from Undercover Tourist was good enough to overnight my tickets to me at home to make sure we had them in hand before embarking on our trip. They were a pleasure to work with and so sweet to be concerned. The tickets worked perfectly at the park gates, and those of us who wanted to purchase express passes were able to do so at the park without any hassle whatsoever. We will definitely use Undercover Tourist again!
