My girlie and I didn't have time to get our nails done at home before our time away, so we decided to get 'em done daytona-style. $55 for a french pedi and a gel mani?? me likey!! Seemed clean enough and with a friendly staff to boot, I'd say we found ourselves a winner!
Last check I had hit send too fast ! A lot of time spent on .... Massage ! Great job! Need cash for tips. FYI Keep u posted on Nails:)
Not a single complaint for this place!  My friend and I were greeted upon entering and immediately seated and attended to.  She had a "face wax" and was really well pleased - especially with the shape of her brows! Lee was my nail tech and I'm VERY happy that he was the one who took care of my nails.  He has an amazing sense of humor and is very talented and meticulous.  My nails look like pure perfection!  No residual polish left on the outside of my nails (which is sort of a big deal).   The entire process was painless (and I mean that literally).  He was very gentle and really took his time, which I greatly appreciated.   He also does a really great massage!  My legs and feet felt like new money by the time he was done. So if you're ever in the area and you need a mani/pedi...stop by here and let Lee hook you up!
Awful. Went to get a shellac manicure and they didn't to the manicure part. Told the lady I only wanted my nails filed a little because I wanted them to stay long, and she filed them short and uneven. To be honest, my undone nails looked better before I got them done here. So upset. Not worth it.
I searched far and wide for "the" nail salon I'd use in Port Orange, after relocating from Lake Mary. I tried three nail salons with "meh" results. Okay, one was actually pretty bad. Then I found Victoria's. Yay! My pink and whites are perfect! There's not a bubble, rough edge, wrinkle or flaw to be found anywhere. Vien (Vinnie) was my nail tech, and he was gentle and quick, and quite fun to chat with. Witty sense of humor! The price was right at $20 for a pink fill-in and $30 for a pink-and-white. I've already scheduled my next fill-in. This is my new go-to spot!
They let unlicensed nail tech practice on clients? Thanks for the heads up fellow yelpers, will not give them a try
Perfectly decent pedicure. Give them a try. There isn't a big hearty greeting when you walk in the door, but nevertheless the staff is pretty friendly once you get the ball rolling! I was a walk-in and was able to get a pedicure almost immediately. Business was pretty brisk on this Saturday afternoon. My nail tech, Vinnie, was great and fun to chat with. I'd come again.
Best pedicure ive ever had.  And the price was right. In town for a wedding...wish they were up by me. go here!!!
Great porcelain nail job.  I just wish I lived closer to Victoria's.  Better (and less expensive) than my regular 'at home' salon.
If a pedicure is what you are needing, make a point of coming here.  The price is fantastic but most importantly the pedicure is sensational.  They give you a long thorough message and don't rush the job. Friendly atmosphere . Many colors of nail polish to choose from.  My husband who is a bit hard to please could not stop talking about how relaxing it was.  He even feel asleep during the leg message.  Now that is relaxing
Second visit - I must say...the BEST foot massage I have EVER had.
In the beginning service was wonderful, but after a few months they start to take advantage of you patronage.  Last visit I made appt with the tech I had been seeing regularly for at least 6 months to remove my gel and get a pedicure. But, instead of being serviced by the tech I had an appt with, I was serviced by another employee who normally washes the towels and cleans, not only was I upset that I wasn't being taken care of by the tech that I should have been ,,,, But the girl had hit my fingers at least 4-5 times causing a slight burn mark on one of my fingers.  Instead of stopping what she was doing (it was apparent she wasn't a licensed tech) and apologizing for hurting me, she just continued until FINALLY the tech I had the appt with took over and finished the removal.  After the removal was complete, the tech then had his wife finish up my removal with a manicure, after the manicure was completed I told the tech that I didn't have time for the pedicure.  I will NEVER go there again, to have 90% of my service being done by other people instead of the tech I had made an appt with just showed me the establishment doesn't care about their customers as people just as $$$$ signs, get them in ... get them out ... No mater how many people service you and no matter who they are either.
