My husband and I were visiting and just happened to stumble upon this restaurant last weekend. I was so pleased with this place that I wish it was in my town. We ordered: 1) Pork Belly 2) Eggplant Rollatini 3) Lamb Chops with Cauliflower Flan 4) Chocolate Cake Every single dish on our table was amazing. I couldn't get enough! Not sure if there is music every night of the week or just on Saturdays, but it really added to the ambiance. Lastly, the hostess/waitress that we had was AMAZING. Anyone going downtown for dinner tonight needs to try this place.
3.5 (but there's no 3.5) Ate here for lunch on a Friday. The staff was attentive, but it took a long time to get the food. They currently do not have their liquor license, but are working on it. They do serve wine and beer. Atmosphere is dark, calm, and artsy. A lot if unique art from local artist. I ordered the butternut squash soup and the French Dip sandwich. The tomato on the soup over powered the squash, but it was still good. Sandwich was tasty- full if flavor and I really liked the side pasta fish. My boyfriend ordered the same soup and the chicken sandwich. I would have given it 4 stars, but it took so long to get our sandwiches. It's still not a bad place and I'll go back. My total bill: $31
This place is fantastic.  The food, amazing.  The music, great!  The atmosphere, phenomenal!  I cannot say enough about this establishment.  Finally, a good, well priced, and comfortable spot in downtown Pensacola that is not pretentious like it's neighbor GG.  The perfect place to stop for Happy Hour and maybe stay for a few appetizers to share or order a meal to share.  Even the entrée is not too oversized either. I come here as often as I can.  The menu changes often which is also great.
Stopped here after dinner at another place for a glass of wine before calling it an evening. Really glad we did. Very pleased that a place like this exists in Pensacola. I ended up having a second glass of Malbec because the evening's entertainment was just starting to get good. We didn't have food because we just had come from another place but we agreed that we will definitely go back and have dinner.
I've been hearing a lot of buzz about this place so decided to stop in for a drink after the parade.  I wasn't familiar with the wine list and the girls behind the bar helped me pick a great one.  I can wait to go back and try the food.  I was spying on some of the other tables, to get a glimpse of what they were eating and it all looked great.  I think this place will be a great addition to downtown Pensacola.  From the second I walked in, I was greeting by a gentleman (manager?) and made to feel at home by the staff.  I'll definitely be back, and with friends.
Great jazz club. The space is decorated with local art and has a great ambiance. Cool music in a very cozy space. Food is very tasty and the service staff is friendly and efficient.. you should check it out.
Great new spot in downtown Pensacola - and it is open for lunch!  Unique menu and great atmosphere. Check it out!!
The atmosphere is nice, but the service staff is so rude and lazy. They acted like they didn't want us there. We asked if the band was playing again and they said didn't know, then they stood at the bar yawning and giving dirty looks.
Food was ok, nothing special. We had the pork tenderloin, shrimp/pasta dish, and a salad. Not bad, not that impressive either. The entertainment and atmosphere is great though, stop in for a drink and the band!
