Fuckin awesome, laid back place with fantastic food! Don't leave without their Cheeky wings!!
Got here and sat for twenty minutes before waitress came to table. Food was great but waited thirty minutes after ordering and there was only two other tables with people there. The Philly was delicious and there nachos are AWSOME. would recommend of you are going here call your order in first
Atmosphere is right as fuck. Dim lit with red lights all over the place. Bartender shot the shit a little bit about the different beers but he had some customers. I was approached by three different groups of customers that, certainly out of a slight amount of "aw whys he alone at the bar" struck up conversation with me. I ended up spending over an hour chatting with two girls and a guy who later made it out to my concert down the street. The atmosphere, once again, is great. I totally recommend just going there alone like I did, talk about built to spill with some kids that look like Morrissey, get a 90 minute, shrug your shoulders frequently, do your thing. Ok, the food. I got the spicy seitan buffalo wrap. Delicious and done right but honestly I have sort of made this mental association that buffalo flavor is lower tier dining so I just wish I would have got something else. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious. This is all me. I just started wandering to what life would have been like with that almond veggie burger. Ugh. I miss you, menu. Give me another chance. I've been stuck in traffic for 6 hours in Louisiana because there's a little ice on the road and they shut down all the FUCKING BRIDGES. What's the rule here? "is it still a swamp? No?! Shut it down. SHUT IT THE FUCK DOWN IT'S NOT A SWAMP! I SAID SHUT IT DOWN!". The two sides were lovely. Sweet potato mash and veggie chili. I chilled with those for the majority of the meal because of my aforementioned problem with feeling like I'm going to be approached by a hooters chick when I have buffalo flavors in my gizzard. I really just can't get over that feeling. What is wrong with me. Oh, the show went pretty good too. Forgot to mention that my very amazing vocal instructor gave me the nickname "sluggo" the last time she saw us in NYC. She didn't really have a clear reason why. It was just like, "dude, sluggo. You have this new look on your face where you just leer around like you're looking for someone to murder. You're sluggo."
I heard that Sluggo's had great vegetarian food. The place was dimly lit and the music was loud. There was a disheveled man asleep at the bar. The service was polite. The food was prepared to order, so there was a bit of a wait, which was fine. I ordered the Green Bowl. It was a good-sized portion but the flavors were bland. Within an hour, I experienced severe cramping and diarrhea that lasted several hours. Apparently one of the ingredients was past its prime. I won't be returning except at gunpoint.
I visited Sluggos with my daughter and fiancé. We sat at the bar and Gina, the manager, took great care of us!  She even gave me a gluten free YUMMY chocolate cupcake as I was leaving!   My favorite food is the Thai Chili bowl but I wanted to try something different and went with the cheeky wings. Large serving of the wings and they were spiced just right. My daughter and son in law shared the nachos which were amazing! Everything was fresh and served hot and delicious. I love this place!
Omg, Sluggo's.. Pro's: delicious, affordable, delicious, quick, great menu options, delicious, good vibe, quality food, and did I mention it was delicious? Con's: well, there's actually only one con - it's that it isn't located in my hometown. If I'm ever back in Pensacola, I'm going back to Sluggo's in a heartbeat.
Where do I even begin...there is a story here. I came here on my trip to Pensacola because it looked like it would be great; the reviews are good, the menu looked good and vegan establishments aren't common. My benchmark for vegan restaurants is Chicago Diner in East Lakeview Chicago. The food was very mediocre, not terrible but certainly not good or really flavorful or satisfying.  The claimed famous goddess dressing was nothing to write home about, I've had bottled dressing that tasted very similar, it mostly just tasted like tahini. The star of this review has to be the service, if you could call it that. I have never ever seen such unprofessional behavior in my life. The staff was far more concerned with socializing with her friends than doing her job.  In the midst of placing our order (in which we awkwardly stood at the bar after getting up to do so) some of her friends walked in which prompted our server to immediately stop listening to us mid sentence turn away from us and have a 2-3 minute conversation while we stood there in disbelief as she chatted. Later on when our food came (sans a side of hot sauce that never showed up) she was having a full blown social phone call on her cell phone as she brought out the food. We watched as she awkwardly cradled her cell phone against her shoulder while trying to place out plates on the table, never bothering to even put the phone down or stop talking.  It was quite apparent that this server was much more concerned with socializing with her friends than doing her job.  Later mid -way through our meal another staff member came by and simply took a condiment from our table and placed it on someone elses table across the room...a condiment we were most definitely still using at the time. Honestly, I can't decide if I should recommend you run away from this place or go here simply to experience how bad the service is as it was almost entertaining.
Cute atmosphere- very down to earth. Small menu, but great selections. I ordered the Cheeky Wing wrap with sweet potato mash and garden salad with a grapefruit/basil vinaigrette. Very tasty. A little too much sauce in the wrap, but not complaining. The sweet potato mash was well worth the whole meal. Huge beer menu! It's worth just hanging out at the bar. I had the Woodchuck Hard Cider. It was too sweet for me, but still good. I also bought some cookies that had creme in the middle- best cookies I've had in a long time!!! My total bill was: $19 Def check it out! It's worth it.
Just happened to be in P'cola for a meeting and was looking for quirky places to eat. Stumbled across Sluggo's on Yelp, and we were really pleased. Though it is in what I would consider a bit of a strange location (though, again, I do not live in the area), we found it easily. Since the weather was pleasant we ate on the sidewalk. The patrons were nice and our server was very helpful and pleasant. I really loved the Berliner Sandwich - so much that I am now on a quest to make the perfect corned beef seitan, and my friend had the Popeye Bowl. We were both very happy with our choices. Wish there were more Sluggo's in the world!
This place is delicious! When my boyfriend and I came in on an afternoon, the place was completely empty yet the hostress/waitress was not ready to seat us. It was weird, so I thought that we just choose whatever seat we wanted. I guess I was right because shortly after, a waitress named Jasmine comes up to us and gives us menus. After getting the menus, you choose what you want and go up to the counter to place your order. I think that's a really chill system. We ordered a homemade chili, their mushroom quesadilla and a sandwich .. I forget what it's called but honestly the highlight of the meal was the quesadilla.. so amazing! AHH! The chili was pretty good too but we weren't able to finish it because everything came in such huge portions! The atmosphere is really relaxed, the place looks like a very hip, low-key establishment..
O-M-G!!! It's been like a week since I was here and I've thought about my meal here at least 10x a day since. I've had vegan food, I've had vegetarian food, and I've had good food at restaurants near me...but I'd happily go all the way back to Pensacola just to eat here, because they surely know how to make food taste sooo good! Extra points because it's all vegan. And extra extra extra points because it's inexpensive. We got pecan dusted seitan, lentil burger, a hummus appetizer, and a side order of sweet potatoes for $28.00...I ate until I was falling over and still had left overs for three meals afterwards. Really, the look of this place is deceiving!
One of the filthiest restaurants I've attempted to visit.  We walked in and sat down at a filthy table.  Unfortunately - or perhaps fortunately for us - the door to a back room - Kitchen? was open which revealed more filth.  We left.  I would rather go hungry.
Holy &^$@! This is my new favorite place to eat. The food is made with love and you can tell when you eat it. Delicious and healthy. Love it.
I should have been wearing my spiked belt and leather cuff.  I came here on a Monday night at about 10pm and I was in awe, I have recently gotten into the show "Sons of Anarchy" and I felt like I was on the set!!  Although I was out of place dressed in a flowy dress and heels I really wished some of the bikers would have came and chitchatted with me and given me one of their studded choker necklaces. I have heard they have a "Mexican Coca Cola made with real sugar not HCFS, but I did not know how to ask for it without sounding politically incorrect. Now so you don't look like a lost soul, when you come in go to the bar and grab a menu or look at the specials written on the chalk board to the far right.  Don't ask for a menu get it yourself don't be a newbie.  Have a seat, once you figured out what you want go back to the bar and place your order.  They will then bring your food out. Im not 100% Vegan yet but this place would surely make it easy for me.  I got the Philly Seitan yum.  Next time I will order with extra Veggies they were so good
Jumped off a plane a few minutes away. Very friendly lady Jasmine greeted me.  Artsy Parisan -Montmarte style cafe with calm alternative tunes from the jukebox.   Peotry night this eve. Grab your menu at the bar and dive into the vegan delights.   Sampling the cheeky hot wings (grilled seitan based).   Tastes like chicken but better than Hooters.  Main entree sweet potato & spinach burritos. It is dressed in real light lime-soy cream.  I am so sated.
I could completely annihilate this place in my review, but I will try my utmost to remain objective. DISCLAIMER: This review does not encompass the actual food offerings because we didn't even make it this far. DISCLAIMER:  I'm a normal, nondescript person with no body piercings or tattoos, without dyed hair, and I am not a cross-dresser.   We were excited to try our first ever Vegan restaurant and were really glad to have found one while visiting Pensacola. We dropped in on Sluggo's on a Thursday night about 530 maybe. The outside of the joint looked nice enough.  Upon entering, we noticed the place was setup more like a bar than a restaurant.  There were a few patrons at the bar, with one gentleman who gaped at us incessantly for the few brief minutes we were in the establishment.  There were a few scattered tables and I think a couple of booths. Otherwise the atmosphere was ghastly. The lighting was low and the walls were adorned with art depicting various severed, bleeding body parts and the like. There was evidently one employee in the place, whom we did not see until several minutes after we entered, standing aimlessly (and being gawked at) waiting to be greeted. (NOTE: I say "several minutes" because even 60-120 seconds standing in an entryway waiting to be served - or on hold with customer service, etc - seems like several minutes.) Once I saw the employee, I approached the bar behind which she was standing and calmly and politely asked if we should just help ourselves to a table.  With a bizarre, quizzical expression on her face, she said we could. We seated ourselves but pretty quickly realized this was not going to be a good experience.  We left. If you're going to run a restaurant, you need to staff the restaurant, greet and seat the customers, and not treat people rudely.   Perhaps this place has great food but from my experience, average, middle-class, plain-looking people and families are not welcome here.   P.S. My wife actually has 2 tattoos, but alas, they were obscured by her outfit on this particular occasion.
Oh, how I wish there was something like this in New Orleans!  Solid vegan/vegetarian restaurant.... the portions are big, the prices are cheap, and everything is delicious. This is one of the few bars/restaurants I've found outside of New Orleans that carries Abita rootbeer on tap, which makes it a win in my book!!   Don't let the fact that it doubles as a punk/DIY music venue intimidate you, the general ambience of the place is chill and comfortable. I noticed in a few other reviews that there were some complaints about the punk rock patronage but if anything that will give me more of a reason to frequent a place..... I know I won't be sneered at or looked down upon because the punx are generally an openminded bunch.   As it stands the last time I was there for most of the other patrons were 'normal' looking office types on their lunch hours.... which is super encouraging for a restaurant that only serves vegan food.  I can only dream of convincing my coworkers to pick something besides Applebee's for their lunch outings - vegan to them might as well be a foreign language!
Solid! This was amazing! Right around the corner from The Vinyl! Next time I come to town I will eat here again! Eat here as soon as you can you will not regret it! I had the Club Deluxe, salad w/ Tahini Goddess dressing and Garlic Mashed Potatoes w/ mushroom gravy.
Didn't get a chance to take a picture cause I devoured my meal! So delicious. We got the cheeky wings and barbq sub with seitan. Great atmosphere.
Visiting Pensacola and as a vegetarian I was so happy to find this place! Last time busing Pensacola I had a very hard time finding places to eat.  I loved the staff and feel of the place inside.  Many great beers available including cider and ginger beer.  Some of our food we loved like the coleslaw, biscuits, salad, lentils.  Some of it was so so-tofu wrapped with seaweed, sweet potatoes and grits.  I would definitely come back and try some other food!
Anything good, fantastic and great you've heard about Sluggo's is true.   The food here is fabulous.  We ordered the cheeky wings and zucchini pancakes for appetizers and we were not disappointed.  The wings were delicious with just the right amount of spice and flavor.  For the entree my daughter ordered the Thai sweet chilli bowl and even though the portion is large enough to share, you won't want to!   My boyfriend and I shared the sweet potato enchiladas and they were also delicious.  The service was great and the food was definitely every bit as good as I had hoped it would be!
My husband and I stopped in Pensacola on our way through moving to Dallas from South Florida. Our reason for Pensacola was friends I went to college with were going to keep our cat and cars at their property while we spent the night in a hotel. We went to Sluggo's based on the recommendations I had heard and the reviews here on Yelp. First let's focus on the positive: It is a vegan diner and the food is spot on. My husband and friends are omnivores and willingly went to Sluggo's for me. Our actual server was a young man and extremely helpful, knowledgeable and accommodating to our needs. My husband got the black bean burrito, the one friend ordered the Popeye bowl and her husband and I had the Berliner. I LOVED the Berliner, but I am a lover of seitan, which is necessary here. This sandwich is loaded with seitan strips and reminiscent of a standard corned beef Reuben sandwich. This is made with soy cheez, a soy based Russian dressing and sauerkraut. Despite the similarity, soy cheez and seitan are both acquired tastes and my friend was not too happy with his. He is also a hard core omnivore eating few vegetables or fruits so I'm sure it's not what he was expecting. I did sample the burrito and the Popeye bowl and both are what one would expect from their descriptions on the menu. We did not have dessert. Now for the negative and why I'm only giving this place three stars. Apparently there was a shift change and our server did not bother to tell us he was leaving, nor did he leave a check on the table or ask us to settle before he left. We asked for our check so we could settle and leave. This was after more than two hours of visiting. We realized we were there for a while, but we were ready to leave. FIFTEEN minutes later we STILL didn't have a check. When my husband asked the bartender about it she rudely snapped, "Give me a sec." That was the WRONG thing to say to people who have been in food service for 20 years. We came thisclose to walking out without paying. Our husbands walked outside to wait for us while my girlfriend settled the bill. Bottom line: Service was fine up until the end which somewhat marred an otherwise enjoyable meal. The food was delicious. Since this day in September was the first time I was in Pensacola in eight years, I'm guessing it will be a LONG time before I'm here again. And based on what happened, my friends will not be returning.
My husband took me out to sluggos on valentines day. I had the grilled portobello mushrooms on rice which was really good. My husband had some seitan. The texture of the seitan was great and their collard greens had a flavor that makes them addictive! I would like to know the secret! I am glad they have added more items on the menu other then the typical vegan meat replacement items. As a true vegan I don't care to replace meat and I will definitely be back for more!
First visit was fantastic.  We had the Kaiser, their version of a Reuben and the portobello mushroom quesadillas.  Everything was vegan but you wouldn't know it!  The collards were surprisingly some of the best I've ever had.  The bartender, Savannah, was super personable, telling us of other cool spots in the downtown area.  We took a vegan oatmeal cream pie to go and enjoyed it later at home.  This will definitely be a go to spot!  Can't wait to go back and try some other menu items!!
As a non-vegan/vegetarian this is high praise. The food is excellent. Wife and I split the nachos. I had the lentil patty on sourdough with chili And she had the seitan philly. Everything was great.
I've been coming to Sluggo's for years for shows, but never sat down to eat a meal until a couple of months ago.  Why did I wait so long?! The portions are big, the price tag isn't huge, and I really like their downtown location.  Good selection of beers and soft drinks, including the Mexican version of Coca Cola, which is made with cane sugar instead of HFCS.   I'm not so sure about the new staff they've hired, though; I'm hesitant to call them rude but that's the first word that comes to mind.  Those, however, are just details and have never ruined or detracted from my recent experiences there.   Remember that there's a $5 minimum on all credit card charges.
Sluggo's my first experience with some of the more adverterous parts of vegan food. THe seitan was definitely a learning experience, but their "Cheeky" Wings were pretty tasty. I ordered the soy tacos - honestly, I couldn't tell the difference. The prices are amazing!!!
Update to 3/20/2010 Review: They have now moved into their new diggs and the hours are as stable as the calendar. Also, they have more staff and a new menu!!! You cannot go wrong with any of the food, but my fave is a combo of potstickers and the Berliner sandwich. Old review from 3/20/2010- This Vegan restaurant is the bomb for awesome fresh vegan food. The owner is awesome, the staff are all SO friendly, and the food is worth driving across town for. Some nights there are shows at the venue, and things get a bit crazy, but if you get there early enough there is no problem. Don't ask me the hours because they change pretty often. Tip: Call before you go and ask if they are serving food. Despite the wondering if they are open or closed, the food deserves your attempt to try it!!
Wow! We loved their Cheeky Wings. They were delicious. We also had the Berliner and it was amazing. Great place for vegans :)
Veggie-licious!!! This was my first time here and Sooooo glad I went?! Both veggie restaurant and bar... Sluggos ROCKS! so tasty even carnivores like me would LOVE it!!! I'd actually give them 4.5 stars.
Sluggos is an excellent restaurant to get great vegan food done right.  The menu is extensive and includes lots of options from seitan sandwiches to salads to gourmet hot dogs. My wife and I ate dinner here the other night and they have a nice little bar/restaurant with ample seating and a good beer selection. I recommend the carrot cakes for a great appetizer akin to a crab cake.  My wife had the Berliner sandwich that was excellent and resembled a reuben.  I had a mushroom walnut burger that was gigantic and delicious. The portions are large, the price is inexpensive, the food is ALL vegan and so darn good that I am considering moving to Pensacola just so I can eat at Sluggo's more often!
Five Stars really "bright"!!!! This is BOMB!!! The food is fantastic. The staff is superb. I have eaten at places from Seattle/Los Angeles to the East Coast..., This IS a five star restaurant. Food is not about decor... It's about "flavor creation". When you do that without meat,,,, this good tasting for your body!!! You do it better than all the rest. ;) All meaningful change comes from within.
In town for work, googled Pensacola vegetarian and found this place.  Really solid.  I had the "wings" wrap and it was outstanding.  Good beer selection, too.  The sweet potatoes (side dish) was a little bland though. Otherwise, I loved it.
Why Sluggo's (questioned in reference to the name)? The only conceived connection with vegan(ism) in my mind is the celebrated Banana Slugs most commonly found in Coastal California regions where it's a common perception that everyone is a tree hugging granola head, but even that's a stretch. I wish the website said to quiet my wondering mind and foster a little connectedness (said half tongue in cheek) with this hipster haunt. Fresh off Meatless May and excited about this further foray into meatless territory, Vegan; an unexpected find in Pensacola, a bit of an enigma, Sluggo's enticed us.  An oft pescatarian since 2003, I hadn't had the occasion to eat many vegan meals and wasn't very familiar with many of the ingredients like seitan and TVP, but google was on the job. Dan the Former S.O and also a recent "meatless" convert, choose the pecan dusted seitan and for me the black bean burrito with rice, lettuce, salsa, and soy cream both with a side of collard green. The huge (HUGE) plates arrived and laughing in disbelief at the massive portions Dan says "We need to start sharing plates." A novice to seitan, it tasted a lot like a mealoaf especially in the gravy with a hint of nuts from the pecan dusting. My burrito was good, I wish I would have ordered outside my comfort zone and my usual craves and gotten something else, something more vegan inspired, like the Popeye Bowl or one of the many sandwiches. Anyway, the vegan sour cream was awesome, a bit citrusy and the collard greens, NOT cooked with a turkey neck or a ham hock (Yes!) were spicy and a bit briny. Yum! If I lived in Pensacola I'm sure Sluggo's would be in my regular restaurant rotation. The prices are awesomely cheap, they have a unique menu in addition to a bar and a music venue. In fact Dan texted me the other day, "Went to Sluggo's. Had the spinach wrap (good), mashed potatoes (excellent), and salad (average at best). I'm going to eat here a lot I think."
Best veggie burger in Pensacola if you ask me! And they have awesome sides to go with it. ALSO they have a "friends tab" board. You can put money down to cover your friend's bill the next time they come in. Love this idea!
A great vegan & trendy spot. I had their vegan buffalo wings - I had never tried anything like it before but they were very good and the sauce was pretty hot. Sluggos has root beer on tap, a favorite of mine. One of the coolest spots in Pensacola. Outside seating and a cool bar vibe inside
This place makes some outstanding Seitan. I had the entree with crusted seitan, mushroom gravy and garlic mashed potatoes. Delicious! Hard to believe the gravy was vegan. And the mashed potatoes were also very well prepared. Cheers!
Yummy!  Caesar salad to kill for!
This place could not be more rad. Get anything and proceed to good timeville. There was as negative review down the list talking about Margaritas. Seriously if you order a margarita here you should be immediately thrown out. Get the root beer it's on tap and on awesome.
Delicious vegan cuisine. Sluggo's is friendly to the open-minded carnivore. The black bean burrito is probably the most comfortable choice for meat eaters who are hesitant about the cuisine. Sluggo's makes tofu and seitan taste great, which I have yet to experience in my own kitchen or other non-veg restaurants! The staff is very familiar with regular customers but do not seem to be quite as friendly with unfamiliar faces. We are not regulars but do frequent the restaurant and enjoy grabbing a bite, a drink, and/or events. We wish they were a bit more warm and welcoming. Sluggo's has a lot of music shows, art shows, and poetry readings. We love how connected they are to the community and expressionism.
i haven't been to the new place but the old one had some good shows and was generally a cool place to hang out...it gets an extra star just because Pensacola doesn't have that many cool bars... Never ate the food though...
One word describes it all...awesome...the food, the staff, the new kick butt downtown venue,& well everything. They have a great variety of many different vegan dishes with big portions for a great price! Whether you're vegan or not you'll love the food. With so many options, occasional shows with awesome bands,& liquor; there really is something for everyone. The only thing more amazing than the food& venue is the staff. The only thing more amazing than the staff...the owners! Try it...trust me...you'll love it!
Sluggo's is, by far, my favorite restaurant in the Pensacola area. I'm new to the area and I had read about Sluggo's on Yelp and Happy Cow. I even had an employee at the kitchen store downtown tell me her vegetarian boss tried it and loved it, so I had to check it out. One day, my boyfriend and I decided to go grab some lunch there. The area has metered parking, but it doesn't apply on the weekends. Either way, it's only 25 cents for an hour (I'm used to San Diego where that buys 15 minutes, so that's a great deal). I've only been here during lunch hours, so I don't know if the evening is any different. I know they have music events, so for a quiet meal, lunch is your best bet. They're a Vegetarian Cafe, but I believe most of their meals are vegan (the employees can verify what meals are vegan). What you do is order at the bar and sit down, they bring it out to you (I've paid before and after, not sure which is preferred). On our first visit, I ordered the Philly Seitan plate with pasta salad (not on their regular menu, it was a special) and it came with a salad. My boyfriend ordered The Berliner, which is a Seitan Ruben. Both were fantastic. My Philly had a little too much cheezy sauce, but I scooped it off and it was perfect. I've never liked rubens ("real" ones or past vegetarian ones I've tried), but I LOVED this. So much so that the next 2 times we went back, we got it (one time the bread was soggy, which sucked, but the other times were great). Their seitan is the best I've ever had. The pot stickers are also very good, all 3 sauces were equally great. The Spicy Cheeky wings were delicious, but VERY spicy (they're not kidding). The mushroom gravy mashed potatoes are heavenly as well. Overall, I highly recommend this place. If I lived closer, I would go every week. The prices are absolutely reasonable as well, my guy and I usually spend around $14 for both of us, plus tip. There are pictures to go with this review as well.
The food here is freaking amazing! Southern vegan at it's finest. The carrot cakes (mock crab cakes) blew me away. And the cheeky wings were simply delish! LOVE LOVE LOVE me some Sluggos - truly a Pensacola gem.
Good food. Really enjoyed the vegan Berliner sandwich: Reuben like. Good service. Dingy place: dark, poor atmosphere (it's a venue for underground music). Enjoyed and I'd definitely go back when in town.
Located in Downtown Pensacola, across the street from the Pensacola News Journal. Sluggos serves delicious Vegan and Vegetarian food. It has a wrap around bar with side tables for lunch/dinner seating (think bar rather than restaurant). The service is a little slow during their busy hours so I wouldn't recommend going here if you have a short lunch break. The atmosphere is laid back and your server/bar tender may not be bubbly and will most likely have tattoos... a heads up in case that's something that may offend you.
We stopped at Sluggos on our way back to Texas.  It was a few miles off route, but well worth it.  After a week of eating make-shift vegetarian food on our vacation, Sluggos was a very welcome and needed change of pace.  Everything was delicious and filling.  And I loved the menu.  Sluggos makes real food, not just a bunch of sauteed veggies.  I also loved the offbeat, dive bar appeal.   If Sluggos was in Austin,  I'd be a regular.
This place is seriously tasty. And the service was really helpful and nice. If you're in the area catching a show go to SLUGGO'S! The vegan Philly sandwich is awesome and the Thai chili bowl is great! My family and I eat here every time we play the nearby venue.
Pretty good vegan food, but not as good as End of the Line Cafe.
I had the reuben and it wasn't that good. Not sure what the big deal was about the carrot cake.  Also found a piece of hair in my food.  The atmosphere just feels kind abandoned and run down.  Friendly staff, though. Go to End of the Line Cafe if you're looking for yummy consistently quality vegan food.
Literally some of the best vegan food I've ever had. I love the hole-in-the-wall atmosphere and you definitely get your money's worth. If they have the lentil burger on the menu when you're there, it's fantastic and would highly recommend it.
Some of the best food, vegan or not, in downtown Pensacola. Always delish, a great variety to choose from, &super wallet friendly. Full bar with a great beer selection.
Really good food. Not a "dress-up" place but a cute trendy spot that gives you that Seattle hipster vibe but mostly importantly, good food.
Not a vegan but LOVE their food. Great atmosphere!! Great place to go to grab a drink and try something new
Worst restaurant experience I have ever had! Walked in to Sluggos to the bar. Sat down at a stool. Bartender was chatting with a couple that looked like possibly his friends. I waited a good 3 to 4 minutes before he even acknowledged I was even there. I was practically right in front of him and he didn't even greet me or anything. Nooothing!! He finally came up to me and asked me what I wanted to drink. I told him water and a ginger ale. He got my ginger ale brought it to me then walked over to where his friends were again started preparing my water. Started talking to his friends again and made me wait another 3 minutes to bring me water. Finally brought me my water. Not very friendly from the get go. Then asked me what I wanted to eat. I told him I would like nachos to eat at the bar and also ordered the Philly and bean burrito to go.  Right after I ordered a few other people came up to the bar which looked to be the bartenders friends and ordered drinks and food. They Recieved their food a good 5-10 monutes before it even got my nachos. I waited a good 30 minutes for my nachos. Then I waited another 10 minutes after I was done eating bc my to go order was not finished. This place wasn't even that busy. The bartender never even asked me how my food was or if I was ok or needed anything else the whole time I was there. I asked for my check. I still tipped him 20% bc that's just how I am. He acted like it was his last night at this place. This was worst restaurant service I have ever had in my life and I hardly ever complain. I'll never ever go back there If this guy is working. To be honest the nachos were ok. If I were the owner of the restaurant I wouldn't hesitate to fire the bartender dude that works there on Monday night.
Delicious! I had the club sandwich and while that was amazing I couldn't get enough of the salad with that tasty dressing! This food definitely fills you up and it's worth the price.
