I think a Wahoos game is pretty much one of the best experiences you can have in Pensacola. After the beach and the Naval Aviation Museum this is the best family entertainment in town- plus there is cold beer, a five star view, and lots of stuff for the kids to do. I don't often make it through the whole game (although I once made it 14 innings before leaving!) but even part of the game is excellent. On a weeknight there is plenty of space and a lovely breeze to sit on the grassy hill and the reserved tickets are very reasonably priced. I recommend general admission if you have children. The fireworks are consistently beautiful, the facilities are always in good repair, and they have to have the friendliest most professional staff in all of baseball. I think the view is worth the price of a ticket by itself and this is an incredibly relaxing outing. If you are a local it is highly likely you will run into friends which also is fun. I stayed overnight with the Girl Scouts out on the field and that was also a wonderful experience facilitated by a great Wahoos staff. I hope to cheer on the Wahoos for many years to come!
My family went to see the Wahoos for the first time tonight.  Having been to a few other minor league baseball fields, I wasn't expecting too much.  I was very pleasantly surprised when we arrived. The venue is absolutely beautiful.  I don't think there is a bad seat in the entire place and the seats are cheap! I was impressed with the cleanliness and great customer service.   When we first arrived in the parking lot,  staff  came by and offered those walking rides in their golf carts.  The concessions offer more choices than your typical sports concession stand such as pork sliders and fried fish baskets. This would be a great place to take kids because they do an awesome job of engaging the audience throughout the entire game- including a squash the roach run and a musical chairs competition between kids and the mascot. Although the wahoos lost, we had a great time and the evening ended with a bang (literally) with an impressive fireworks show.
This stadium was awesome!  If it wasn't so hot and muggy, it would have been perfect!   I decided to stop by on my way up to Andalusia to catch a game. This stadium is brand new and it actually won awards last year for "Best stadium in baseball...that includes MLB too".  I would have to agree...the stadium was nice.  Small but nice! Ushers were friendly, food selection was decent, seats were dirt cheap and awesome, setting was lovely (right on the water), huge scoreboard etc.  They have one of the coolest hats I have ever seen too!  I purchased one and will wear it a lot. I only stayed for 3 innings since it was so damn hot and I had a long drive ahead of me.  If I lived close, I would definitely come often.  I parked for free (Sunday) on the street and it was a nice walk up to the stadium.  Good times!
I have been to several different minor league stadiums across the country and the folks with the Blue Wahoos did a great job not making many mistakes when constructing this stadium. The concourses are wide, the options for food are great. The service was a bit disorganized but it was only their 3rd home game ever. I would be concerned about seeing a game their in July or August as most of the seating is not covered. I would assume even weekend games would need to be played at night. Over-all a great ball park the people of Pensacola should enjoy it.
I hate baseball and I had a great time.  (they hit the ball and they catch it; please it is like watching paint dry) But the facilities, the location, the food, the service is top notch.   This food is better than any dine-in sports bar and the prices are very responsible Short story: While walking around I thought I saw a fellow wahoo-er with a slaw dog, but it turned out to be a fish sandwich with slaw. So when went to order, I said i know it is not a menu item, but It would great to have a slaw-dog. The man behind the counter said " not a problem let me have the kitchen make one up for you" And the slaw-dog was one of the best i have ever had!
DO NOT waste your money on their Winter Wonderland program for $11, the "ice" rink for skating is plastic and horrible, most people skate one lap and quit... Horrendous!!! The big blue slide is mildly fun but DON'T try to use the tubes down it, you will slow down by 500%!!... NOT worth the $, not even worth $3!!
For many reasons this stadium has my heart: 1. The fanfare- they have tons of activities going on to engage the crowd 2. The price- snag a seat for just $10 3. The staff- I have never been to a friendlier stadium. The staff is genuinely invested in ensuring you have a great time 4. The fans- even when the team is loosing the crowd is staying to cheer Try thirsty Thursdays for $2 beers (they're small, but hey, what a stadium steal) DO park by Seville and take the trolly. Parking is free and the ride is $2 a person. It's a complete front door service perk. My only comment would be that they have more activities to get to know the players. Programs or scoreboard info or video interviews with the players. I'd love to know where they're from, etc. Overall, fantastic night with the Wahoos!
Game Changer - we hear this a lot from sports announcers.  When the Maritime Park began it's existence with the Blue Wahoo's Stadium and the 2 years of packed games truly is a Game Changer for not only Downtown Pensacola but the Greater Pensacola Market.  Thanks
The tickets are cheap, the stadium is gorgeous, the staff are friendly!  This stadium makes me love minor league ball.  Every seat is a good seat and you don't feel obligated to stay the whole game since you paid ten bucks for tickets.  Also super cheap and easy to park (tons of $3 lots right across from the stadium)
Odd to write a review about the baseball team but it was the staff that compelled me to. Extremely helpful and caring. This is a testament to the team ownership that has created the fan experience.
Great seats are cheap, drinks and food are reasonably priced, just wish the team was better!
Check it out, what an asset to our City. Thank you for your perseverance Mr. Studer and to our local leaders. You did it right. Go Wahooooo's.
On April 5, 2012 the Pensacola Blue Wahoo's played their first game in the new ballpark at Maritime Park on Pensacola Bay.  I attended their fifth game on April 9.  The new stadium is very nice.  The location adjacent to the water is beautiful, with an ergonomic layout.  Sight-lines are great & the seats seem to be comfortable.  For a small ballpark, the concessions offered are quite interesting.  Two large grills offer foods from hot dogs and burgers to shrimp Po-Boys.  Smaller concessions serve up pop corn, pretzels and bratwurst.  A number of beverage outlets sell water, soft drinks and beer.  At least one beverage vendor boasts a large array of craft-brewed beers, in 20 ounce "bomber" size bottles.  Overall, we had an enjoyable night, watching some competitive baseball, in a comfortable environment.  Prices are reasonable and the stadium location is convenient to downtown restaurants, bars and businesses.
Great cheap fun. The staff are friendly, and  the prices are not too bad for a sporting event. Try to get seats. The general admission tickets make it hard to find a place to sit.
