This is a straightforward bar where you know what you're getting when you go in. Arcade games, karaoke, and a high energy bar environment. If you like that concept you will like Play, if that doesn't sound like your style you probably won't. The service is good and they have arcade games, skee ball, pool, and plenty of hangout space.
This place seemed like a good idea... Dave and busters style. My wife and I had a Groupon here that only got us drinks not any play. It took ten minutes to get service then when we did my wife asked for something fruity and got blue caraco and sweet an sour mix with a splash of vodka for 8 bucks. We had to pay for games that were run of the mill and at least half of them were broken. If it's a barcade you'd expect the games would be their signature. Their signature drink was sub par at most and over priced. Drinks differ from bartender to bartender. Will NEVER recommend to anyone I know.
Palafox is a great strip for nightlife and right in the middle of that strip is Play. Play is a place where your inner child can come out while drinking cheap beer on tap or a Jameson on the rocks if that's your calling.  Visiting over the holidays, friends and family were raving about Play. I could see why. Faces young and old were crowding the bar and most were playing the arcade games Play had to offer. From PAC-MAN to air hockey, photo-booth to a juke box, you'll certainly find something at Play to entertain you. Cheap beers ( 1$ PBR, yes!) to a local band you can sing along too (They covered Dashboard Confessional..yes I sang along) Play is great for date night, casual hang outs, or however your inner child challenges you. Hey, they even have a Skee Ball League! ( Don't worry, I didn't know the leagues existed either) My advice: Bring quarters. And lots of it. They have a change machine, but on the offhand that machine is out of order (like last night) you'll have a pretty tough time dodging the bar patrons getting change from the friendly bartenders. Overall, you're never too old to play Air hockey, skee ball, or even Nintendo on a beat up couch and the atmosphere of Play proves that.
The best bar in Pensacola. Let the beer flow!!! Had the best time, friendly staff and clean bathrooms. Even the toilet paper was nice. Highly recommend this bar for a night out on the town.
This place was adorable, though the staff thought I was a bit strange for being so excited about being at such an awesome bar. The local's looked super out of place for me, but I must have looked strange to them loved the themed drinks, NES & other games available
Play is a "barcade" - a bar, meets an arcade. It lives up to the name, and is already becoming the place to see & be see for the under 40 crowd in Pensacola. If you're looking for something to do that doesn't start with Seville or end in Quarter, this is it!
Play is a great place to be a kid again good games and good drinks
This place is cool if your just bar hopping and want to grab a fast beer and shoot a game of pool. No smoking inside and not much music but its worth a visit!
The is a really cool hang out with a great location.  Bartenders are really cool.  They have some awesome old school bar games, video games, and TVs!  $1 Draft beer whenever there is a game on.
I went to Pensacola to visit my best friend and went to Play. OMG I love Play! My favorite bar by far! Love the atmosphere. Bar tenders are really nice! and fun games! I live in illinois and I want to go back here!
I loved this place. Great atmosphere, fun games, and good drinks. The bartenders were excellent and even gave us some dish towels to shove in the goals of the Foosball table so we could keep playing all night for free. I had a blast and will visit every time I'm in town!
