You better show up hungry!!!!! This place was awesome, everything about the atmosphere and the food was great. I tried their homemade porter and it was very tasty. My son tried their homemade root beer and it too was great. When you order, keep in mind that the portions are huge. I ordered tha potato skins as an appetizer along with their special senate bean soup and bread......by the time our food came, I was already busting at the seams.... My son had the Big Daddy Burger and it was a 3/4 lb patty with cheese, bacon and jalapenos and was a monstrosity to handle, the wife had the reuben with the thick cut rye bread and I opted for the shepherds pie. I just wish I had room to try their irish whiskey bread pudding.......I hear they have awesome steaks and prime rib....I promise to try one next time I am in Pensacola and wash it all down with more of their custom beers....
Did someone say "Chicken Thighs & Margaritas?" Well if they didn't they should have.... Sooooooo yummy!!!!!!!!! Everything they have is good. The Fish & Chips I love, you actually get vinegar the way it was intended to be eaten. The burgers are great, chicken sandwich is wonderful...  If you do end up with a problem the manager is quick to correct it for you. Happy hour is 2 for 1 drinks everyday from 4-6 margaritas anyone? Did I mention I really like their margaritas lol
Pensacola and McGuire's are virtually synonymous.  For most, a visit to Pensacola is not complete without a trip to McGuires's Irish Pub & Brewery.  McGuire's sponsors a lot of community events and even host it's own marathon, including a running club meetings every Tuesday. For the most part, the menu is priced accordingly...Its a little expensive but you will likely need a "to-go" box since the portion sizes can best be described as hefty. The microbrews are all very well crafted, and the Irish Wakes are a great value too. No trip is complete without a bathroom visit.  Enough said on that! The service for my (at least) 10 visits has been all over, some of the waitstaff were very good, others gave my wife and I a strange look and was clearly uneasy around me (I didn't have my wedding band on and clearly this guy thought I was involved with an affair by the questions he was asking).  My experiences with that exception have been mostly good.
In all my years of growing up and living in Pensacola, I'm amazed that I didn't eat here more often. lol  As everyone else has said, this is one of the local restaurants you MUST stop in at least once in your lifetime if you ever come through Pensacola. On my latest trip to McGuire's, the bf and I ordered irish potato skins, the senate bean soup (2 at 18 cents each!..even though I was the only one who wanted to try it), and the corned beef and cabbage. To start off they serve a small loaf of freshly baked rye (very good, but hardly touched it with the amount of food we ordered). We ate about half of our appetizer when it came out and most of the soup. Surprisingly, We were pretty full when the entree came out so we each only had a couple of bites and had more than enough food for leftovers. The senate bean soup was good (lots of beans..which I'm not a huge fan of.. but I finished the broth). The corned beef and cabbage was incredibly tasty and a very large portion. I'm talking about literally a half a head of cabbage (that tasted like it must've been boiled in the corned beef brine)! Aside from the food, the atmosphere is fun and lively with all the dollar bills hanging and eclectic decor. Our waiter (his name escapes me at the moment) was very friendly and quick to offer suggestions. The price we paid for the amount and quality of food we ordered was spot on. I'd definitely come back whenever I have a craving for some good Irish eats.
Sometimes they can be slow with serivce as they are always packed. Food is really, just "okay"...but this place is a tourist destination must! The inside of the building is filled with tourists dollar bills. One of the "musts" here are the "Irish Wakes". Almost every single Sailor I know who is 21+ and has come through Pensacola has to have an "Irish Wake" before leaving. Another "Must" are the "Boxteys". I've never had anything like it before. How could anyone resist a deep fried ball of mashed potatoes? I mean seriously? :) Their Fish and Chips here are pretty amazing and almost enough food to be shared with a friend. If you go here with an open mind and realize that this place is in fact one of the largest tourist "traps" for Pensacola (as in, don't be fussy that things taking a long time here, the building is huge and full of people about 100% of the time)... You will enjoy McGuire's.
We heard and read a lot of good things about McGuire's and decided to give it a try. Loved the atmosphere of the place and the live music was a nice touch. The service was excellent as was the food. We had the Boxtys, which were amazing, and some hamburgers. Topped it off with $1 drafts (after 10pm) of their in-house brews. Only complaint is the burger was a little too done for my taste, but it was still good. For total dining experience, it's hard to beat.
Well in three weeks home visiting I've been here five times already so that's saying something right there. Unfortunately my favorite appetizer in the world, their spinach and artichoke dip, has fallen significantly in my eyes. What used to be a hot, creamy, delicious mess with freshly deep fried tortilla slices is now just a tepid, watery, bland blob with cold, chewy tortilla chips. I don't know if I just got a sucky cook both times but I won't be eating it again until they tighten it up. Right now it's a disgrace - id rather eat Applebee's spinach dip. That said, other appetizers are still great, such as the boxtys. Beer selection is great and I do like their house IPA. Lots of holiday music playing already which irritates the crap outta me so I don't know if I'll be back or not. Great place to hang out, otherwise, though lots of older people so I don't know if it's much fun if you're looking to hook up. Some things never change. Mcguire's hasn't, except for the spinach dip :(
The walls and ceilings are covered in dollar bills that hang rather than lying flat against the surface. It's rather disgusting. They are dusty and gross, but I'm told they are all cleaned once or twice a year. I find this hard to believe. They brew their own beer, which is always nice, and have a dollar night that is pretty hard to beat, but it gets pretty crowded and the clientele is hit or miss. So is the live music. The dude playing guitar to the crowd of fairly drunk youngsters announced he was going to play a Johnny Cash song and began playing "Hurt." Nine Inch What? He butchered a few other songs and even invited drunks up so they could ruin songs themselves. The restaurant is very large and has some cool, older looking areas. So some of the ambiance isn't so bad. I guess it has a pretty good history too.  At least, it looked that way from the pictures in some of the back rooms. Oh, and they have some club area that you have to be some kind of member to use. That's kind of interesting. I wonder what the entrance criteria are...
Came here on a weds night and oh my god, was this place bustling with activity.  Live music was entertaining as well as funny., and decor oh man.. Funny when we walked in, the first I noticed were hundreds and hundreds of dollar bills hanging from the ceililng and walls.  It was crazy to see that.  My friend told me people sign them, and hang them on the wall.. Literally hundreds of them just hanging. We didnt eat here, but i saw the food coming by to some tables near us, oh man, it looked crazy good.   If i ever come back this way, this will be a definite stop to come and eat and drink for sure!!
If you ever thought to yourself, "I want to have a burger topped with..." and then completed the sentence with very obscure things, then McGuire's is your heaven. On the menu, they have what looks like a burger matrix that has some of your more standard burger toppings, including cheese, guacamole, mushrooms, and chili. But it also has some of the oddest things you would ever think to put on a burger, such as peanut butter, krispy kreme donuts, or the ever so popular hot fudge sundae. But why stop there when you can order the Terrible Garbage Burger. How can you resist something that is merely described on the menu as "Some of everything - it's absolutely disgusting"? Well, I was able to resist and stuck with the guacamole and monterey jack steak burger which was quite tasty and very large. However, my friend couldn't resist and ordered the garbage burger. Well the description was dead on, it was simply a disgusting blob of everything you ever wanted and never wanted on a burger, with a hot fudge sundae and cherry on top! She made a good attempt, but the burger won. The server was very friendly and had great patience dealing with a large group of us that took forever to get situated. The place definitely has that interesting local feel that you would expect to see on one of the Food Network or Travel channel shows. Oh, and my favorite thing was that they had Mint Bailey's which only some Irish bars have and it is the best thing to drink with coffee, sorta like Irish coffee but minty and more delicious!
I can't remember if I've ever eaten here, although I'm sure I must have when I was younger.   My review is solely based upon a recent visit to the bar/pub section of the restaurant.  When I first heard that McGuire's has a ladies night and live music on Thursday nights I was definitely interested.  I still am in shock that this ladies night means ladies drink free (yes FREE, no strings attached, no food purchase necessary) after 10pm.  Did I mention free drinks?   To someone who is between jobs like I am, this is a gold mine.  Granted the clientle is a bit, well for lack of a better explanation, gross horny guys, but did I mention free drinks?  And the place gets PACKED.  Like the kind of packed where if you have to pee you better forever hold your peace because you sure as h*** ain't getting out AND back in afterwards.   I suppose the real atmosphere and experience should not warrant four stars, but I'm a sucker for free or cheap entertainment right now.
This place is GREAT!  I really like the food, but the atmosphere is why I always go.  Yes, "atmosphere" also means "drinks" in some dialects, but I am referring to the entire McGuire's experience.  Allow me to hit the big points: - Irish Wake - drink it.  Or "some."  Collect the Mason jar.  They update it annually! - The Moose - kiss it.  It doesn't use tongue. - A Dollar Bill - sign it, staple it, and enjoy the official certification of Irishness that ensues. - A Mug - get one.  Well, if you plan on coming back.  Or get one to go.  Having your own mug in an Irish Pub is sweet. - Dueling Pianos - if you're watching these, you're at the wrong bar. - Rich McDuff - go on a night he's playing.  Check his website to see dates/times (richmcduff.com).  Irish songs and limericks?  Yes, please! So, in short: GO HERE!!!!!  It's awesome, which is why I go every year (as I only get to Pensacola once a year).  I'd go more often if I could, that's for sure!
Sometimes it's a good thing to be forced to wait for your first time. Pensacola is my hometown and I lived here until I was about 17. Unfortunately, my mother was one of those people who thought that chicken fingers and hamburgers was big time eating out and thought that downtown ended at the H&O Restaraunt. So the possibility of going to McGuire's when I was younger? Zip. I moved down the block to Gainesville. I almost never come back to P-cola. But here I was for the first time in years, full grown, driving my own car, totally ready to cut a fool. In I came with my husband, and we crowded up to the bar and proceeded to spend $60 on random drinks and appetizers before we even sat down for dinner. Aw crap. And then we had a fantastic meal that was meat with a side of meat and extra meat or something like that and my husband tried and failed to drink an Irish Wake and I had to kiss a moose and I think it slipped me some tongue and I woke up the next day wondering what the hell happened. Then I went back for New Year's Eve and drank an Irish Wake and made out with that moose again and heard a bunch of songs that I think burned my eardrums. And now I am scarred forever. On the bright side, I really like our matching Mason Jars and my Emory Chenoweth t-shirt.
Useful tip for those of you who enjoy embarrassing your friends: if you tell a server you have a birthday guest in your party, part of the birthday ritual is that they have to go around and kiss the moose head on the wall and the painting that includes a woman's naked derriere, among other things.  You're welcome, but extend my apologies to your unfortunate friend with the birthday coming up. My menfolk insist on visitng McGuire's several times throughout the year, for their birthdays and sometimes just because they can't get enough of this place.  I'm not as smitten with it as they are, but I do enjoy it very much.  The dollar bills all over the ceiling are fun to see, and the whole atmosphere is festive and fun.  Visit their restrooms only if you have a sense of humor.   I always get a burger because it's the cheapest entree on the menu and I don't really want any of the more authentic Irish food.  I had the boxtys once, and they were okay.  The burgers are decent and there are several topping combinations available.  I usually go with the barbecue and cheddar burger.   More memorable than the food is the huge, bright green Irish Wake that looks like a mason jar of Kool-Aid but certainly is more potent.  It's a mix of many different rums but it tastes sweet and relatively smooth.  Strong enough that there's a limit of three per person, and they let you keep the jar (it has the restaurant logo and year on it) as a souvenir.
I have been all over the United States and have yet to taste a better burger. Thick and juicy, the meat is cooked right every time and is always flavorful and very filling. The burger selection is huge, but they also feature steaks, pastas, and traditional Irish fare. There is, of course, plenty of liquid happiness. At least once you have to try the Irish Wake. The atmosphere rounds out the experience. Besides the fun decor, such as the mounted animal heads and the ceiling of dollar bills, the place is always lively. If you happen upon McGuire's during some live entertainment, it won't be amazing, but it will be a laugh. Don't forget to kiss the moose!
20 July 2013.  We enjoyed the entertainment, and the ribs and steak were great--However my wife got food poisoning from the wedge salad.  While it is understandable that these things happen, it's never fun--We called McGuires the next day to let them know about it--the MANAGER who answered accused her of lying and eating something before we got to the restaurant--and that he would "look into it and call us back."  Surprise, no call back.    Is this how you treat the rest of Pensacola?  Classy Sincerely, Military officer and wife, medical student.
We stopped here for lunch. Having sampled the McGuire's steaks at the Destin location we had the pastrami sandwich and, of course the 18 cent bean soup.  Both were really good. Like the Destin McGuire's , they have great traditions - the moose, the bathroom switch, and the dollar bills..  They draw a lot of tourists and they entertain them well .   McGuires has great Irish singers on a regular basis.  I will try to stop by there whenever I am in Destin or Pensacola!
This place is a MUST for anyone visiting Pensacola. It is an eclectic, renovated firehouse n which every room is different and the walls are covered in signed dollar bills and all sorts of wacky pictures or memorabilia. The place is BUSY so go late or be prepared to wait a while. They have a LOT of burgers and some awesome appaetizers. TRY THE FUDGE BURGER. It's an ice cream sundae burger which sounds so gross but tastes like when you put french fries in your milkshake. You HAVE to split it or he ice cream will melt. The place is a lot of fun. There is lots of entertainment including a bagpipe band sometimes. Get the Irish Wake, you can keep the jar or get the drink that comes with a free shirt.
All my life I've heard about the wonders of McGuire's Irish Pub. I'm from Pensacola originally, but hadn't been in in over 20 years and couldn't for the life of me remember the experience. My mom and dad though, raved about the place every time they got to talking about Pensacola - they even had friends who loved the place so much they had their wedding reception there in the 1980s! So, when I stayed at the Courtyard by Marriott across the street, I HAD to stop in. Boy howdy was I glad I did. I think I'm in love with the Strawberries Murphy - the best strawberry daiquiri I have *ever* had. It's more like a smoothie with booze than anything else and it's wonderful. We tried the potato skins (om nom nom) and the boxties and loved both on our first visit. Our second stop in had us trying waaaaay more food and everything everyone had was great. Our servers were great. The prices were fair. And we practically had to be rolled out of the restaurant because we were so full from the large portions. All in all, no complaints here!
If Fish and Chips, Shepherd's Pie, Senate Bean Soup and McGuire's Old Fashioned Ale are in my line-up, then Senate Bean Soup would be my number three hitter.  At 18 cents, it's the best side meal I've had.  It could quite possibly be the the best 'drunk meal" in the U.S.  All of these were very good. I love old, dark pubs and this one fits the bill.  Speaking of bills, there are lots of them stapled all over the restaurant.  Should you choose to leave a buck, you can drop a few more in their gift shop for a magnet stating that you left said dollar bill. If need to use the restroom, try not to think to hard about what's on the doors.  Doing so may cause you some embarrassment. Can't wait to stop by again.
They have a great menu and everything sound fun to eat but when all the apps arrived at the table nothing was worth ordering again. I'm told the best thing to get is the hamburger so when I'm in town again thats what i will get and if it is as average as everything else I ate I probably would never go back.  unless I wanted to show someone what 1.3 million dollars on the walls looked like!!!
This place is way cool. When you pull up and see it (the parking lot will likely be full) you know you're in a good place. As you enter you'll see the walls covered in dollar bills and feel like you're in a real, authentic Irish pub. Make sure to order one of their homemade beers or one of their other drinks- if you're coming from Alabama you'll appreciate how strong they are. Especially the Irish Wake!! So good and so strong. The burgers are delicious (and huge!!). I had one with jalapenos that was very good, but was VERY tempted to try the garbage burger, which has ALL the toppings on their menu on it. Seems like it would be very strange....but also exciting. Next time. Also make sure to get the bean soup...it's dirt cheap as long as you've ordered food and surprisingly flavorful. Definitely worth a visit if you're anywhere near Pensacola, I know I'll be back.
I never get disappointed in this pub/restaurant.  Food is always excellent and you get your money's worth.  You have to try the irish wake once.  I prefer the porter or red beer that they have on tap.  It is excellent!   I've ordered the prime rib for 28 bucks and it is worth it.   Has a bit of fat on it but I think it complements the overall taste of the meal.  Their burgers are excellent indeed.  I will order the $100 burger one day.  One day indeed.   Don't forget to kiss the moose, donate your signed dollar, and visit the restrooms!
Words can't describe how good the food, atmosphere, live music and beer are at this place! Some of the best lamb chops I have ever had! My wife and I had a blast and will be going back every time we vacation here. I was not brave enough to get the garbage burger but I seen someone who did. That thing looks well disgusting, but I would like to try it one day! All in all maybe the best pub/restaurant I have ever been to!
Simply amazing. If you are in Pensacola or Destin, FL you MUST GO HERE! They have everything from $10.00 ground steak burgers to Shepherd's Pie to the best stakes in the Gulf Coast! The atmosphere is awesome. The walls and ceiling are covered with $1.00 bills. Sign one and ask for a stapler! They'll let you put it wherever you want. We've stapled our own several times. They do have to take them down to count every year for insurance reasons, so it may not be in the exact same spot when you come back. My favorite appetizer is the Boxty's. They are quite literally fried, mashed potatoes. SO AMAZING. Served with 3 dipping sauces. My favorite thing to do, is to rent out a room. They have several different sized rooms for different events. All they need is a credit card to secure the room and a 18% gratuity is added to the bill. You get your own private room to celebrate with friends or family. We've done this for Birthdays, Bridal Showers, Work Parties and Going Away Parties. Great fun, every time. The best drink they have is called an Irish wake. It's about 9 different liquors all in one glass. Light green, served in a Mason Jar with McGuire's logo on it. You get to keep the jar! They say they're so strong that they can only serve 2 to a person before cutting you off. That hasn't happened to me though. Ha ha. Watch out for the bathroom doors! Guy's is labeled Girls, with the arrow pointing to the other door and vice versa. They do have deodorant, lotion, soap, and mouth wash in the bathroom for you though! LOVE this place. I miss it everyday that I'm not in the area. Please, stop in! Every time we brought out of state friends and family here, they've raved about it ever since. You will NOT be disappointed. The only time you may not want to go... is ON St. Patrick's Day. This place is ALWAYS SOOO packed it takes hours to get in.
This is my favorite place for ribs. Anyone who really loves ribs knows that it is pretty much impossible to find good ribs in a restaurant. Well McGuires is the exception, these ribs are amazing. Why? Because they slow smoke them for 24 hours! Aside from having the best ribs ever, you also get a fun atmosphere, live music at night. So go down to McGuires, have some ribs a beer and sign a dollar for the ceiling!
I visited some family recently in Pensacola who all demanded that I go here for one reason...the Cannibal Burger. I love raw food.  McGuire's apparently has a burger that consists of a gigantic patty of raw meat chopped and spiced appropriately.  I dubiously agreed to go and try this out. The place is really Irish-y and it has over a million dollar bills (no, really) stapled/glued/taped to the walls and ceiling.  Also framed to the wall is a newspaper clipping describing the arrest and prosecution of a couple people apprehended for stealing said one-dollar bills, so they've got that going for them...which is nice.  Service is excellent and friendly, and a bagpiper randomly walks around and plays tunes.  I could give a damn about the ambiance, however; I was in this for the challenge of eating the aforementioned burger.   I order it (out of the selection of like 40 different burger types on the menu) and the waiter doesn't bat an eye.  Must be popular.  It arrives concurrently with the rest of my family's food, and quite frankly it looks ridiculous.  Let me clarify:  it's a gigantic portion of beef, served raw, but also served exactly like a regular burger.  It's sandwiched between two sesame seed buns complete with tomato, onions, lettuce, a pickle spear, etc. ...as if someone in the kitchen said "F*** it" and didn't feel like cooking after putting together all of the requisite parts.  It was pretty awesome, but not steak tartare quality (which you shouldn't be expecting anyway; it's a burger).  Quantity-wise, I felt like I ate two cows.  Two RAW cows, am I right?  Right. Most of my family enjoyed their respective dinners, but more than one complained of excessive saltiness, so there's that.  The complaints tended to be on the dishes rather than the burgers. I probably won't be in Pensacola again for a while, but I'll be sure to melt the faces off of my gastrointestinal flora at McGuire's when I do.
Stopped in for lunch. The place feels like a dark cavern. There are no windows. I wanted to leave shortly after arriving. My salad took 25 minutes. The server was nice. It''s tourist trap. Nothing special. I could see how someone from another state may find it charming. To me, it was overkill.
My wife and I came here for dinner on the recommendation of friends.  First, you can't beat the decor.  Dollar bills everywhere.  I guess based on how everyone raved my expectations were high.  The meal started off well with an Irish Wake and two for one glasses of wine.  I ordered a ribeye steak medium rare.  The steak came out close to medium rare but it was on a hot plate.  By the time I got half way through the steak it was medium to medium-well.   The atmosphere is great, and the wait staff pleasant and attentive.  I will give McGuire's another shot next time I am in town.
I get the charm and charisma of the place but to me the food was average. Yes the portions were large but they weren't all that great. They also forgot to bring out my French onion soup. Next I think I will just stick to the alcohol. They have a large selection that I would be willing to try.
I was a bit apprehensive when we first entered because the restaurant itself feels a bit dingy and dark, and honestly, smelled a bit like urine, but I was pleasantly surprised by the food. Don't get me wrong, the thousands upon thousands of dollar bills hanging from the ceiling is a fun addition, but I couldn't help but feel just a leeetle bit dirty. But the food is stellar. The warm brown bread with honey butter starts you off, and I had to restrain myself from stuffing the entire loaf into my pie hole in one fell swoop. Hubby had the Rueben burger, and even though my fish and chips were delicious, I was jealous of his meal. But I think he was jealous of mine, too! The burger was juicy and flavorful and HUGE. Fries are crispy without being overcooked, and my fish was wonderful. We liked it so much we came back again before leaving for home, and this time I tried the Shepard's Pie. It was flavorful and the root veggies were a nice surprise instead of the more common green peas (ick!), but it seemed as if the beef had not been drained, and so it was a bit greasy for my tastes. But still good. Just not something I would necessarily order again. All in all, I highly, highly recommend this place. Burgers are stellar, and I've heard the steaks are out of this world. And trust me, I'll be testing some of those drink specials when I'm not sporting this belly bump any more!
To call this place an Irish pub is a disservice.  The steak was excellent and the burger was one of the best I've ever had.  Just make sure that you don't drink too many of the "Irish Wakes", which are good but strong. The atmosphere is very cozy, with different smaller sized rooms giving the sense of a much smaller restaurant.  It was even rather kid friendly.   Just watch out for the bathrooms signs, they can be rather tricky
During my tour of Destin/Fort Walton for vacation, I  went there for "Ladies Drink Free Thursday"--no half-jerk on the drinks either. Good atmosphere, great live music, substantially delicious alcohol. I had to come back. The food and service is substantial. For the price you easily, easily get some of the best food I've ever eaten. Their lamb (a ~20$ place of food) was comparable to steak I have paid nearly  70$ for at an upscale Steak/Meat house. For breakfast 10$ gets you a substantial, delicious meal you can't finish with a desert doughnut type pastry and a large Irish Coffee. 5/5 for Atmosphere, Service, Music, Environment (coolest looking bar I've been too) and Drinks. One of my favorite bars. It's like Decatur's Twains and Atlanta's Graveyard had a lovechild with Fado's Irish Pub. :)
I know this place is an institution in Pensacola, but I have to say...."meh...what's the big deal?"  This was our third time here and the first time we actually got a table and didn't have to wait for over an hour.  I got the fish and chips and was greatly disappointed in the blandness of them.  The signature bean soup was beyond bland and there was absolutely no seasoning in it.  The batter on my fish was soggy and the frying oil must not have been hot enough because it was oily, as well.  I'm a New Englander, so I expect fish and chips to satisfy.  These did not.  Also, our waitress was very slow attending with us.  Two other tables -- behind us and across from us -- received drinks, appetizers, and their meals before we did.  Refills of our iced tea was painstaking to get and the waitress sighed when I asked for more Sweet 'n Low.  Additionally, I know they have this schtick with the signage for the men's and ladies rooms, but when three men walk into the ladies and two women walk into the men's....you have a problem with your joke going too far.  As someone who lived in Boston for 20 years and went to every Irish Pub around, I found McGuire's to be lacking in that service-oriented and quality food that Irish pubs are known for.  They could do a lot better considering the high price of the food and the long waits.  I don't think we'll be back here.
When I saw the sign that said "FEASTING-IMBIBERY-DEBAUCHERY", I was sold Character is what this fantastic Irish pub has plenty of.  Walk in and you will immediately notice the tons of dollar bills attached to the ceiling, walls and every other available space.  The menu claims a $1M dollars worth, and judging from the number of bills, probably pretty close to the truth. Beyond the kitsch, this place has substance.  I ordered the steak and mushroom pie topped with a puff pastry and it was fantastic.  The steak tasted like it was actually charred before it was put in the pastry.  Delicious! Also, a hearty bean soup for only 18 cents? Not only is it cheap, it is worth every penny and then some. Top it off with their own brand of perfectly poured Stout and this place is a hands down winner.  The only question is...how many visits can I fit in here  before I have to leave town?
Love it! We visit the pub often and love the food, beer, and environment. We have never had bad service. You start your service with a loaf of bread and a bowl of awesome beans. (you may have to ask for the beans) Don't forget to hang a $1 bill on the ceiling or wall, that is if you can find a place. This is a great place to bring a large group. Cons: This is a very active business and you may have to be put on a waiting list. Some of the food is pricey but there are plenty of items to choose from that aren't.... Enjoy!
When i was in Pensacola visiting the then BF (now husband) I looked up restaurants on Yelp after having the WORST Chinese food ever! I'll be damned if we waste good money on bad food again! Thanks to all you yelpers out there we found this place.The ambiance was great..had that old bar feel..dark wood and wine cellars. The dollar bills stapled to the ceiling was pretty cool too. Our waitress was really friendly and the food was probably the best meal I had while i was out there. I had the Irish steak and mushroom pie and If you order the senate bean soup along with any meal it's only 18cents! TRICKS: When you use the bathroom, READ CAREFULLY! I didn't and ended up in the mens bathroom! They put the womens sign near the mens bathroom with an arrow pointing in the other direction! tricky tricky McGuires! i felt like a fool! lol!
Great service for party of 7.  I normally get the oysters. But went for the famous 16oz Prime cut new York strip. The 18 cent soup was enough for a meal!! Lots of food, their seasonal home brewed honey wheat was perfectly crafted This is a traditional must see and do while in pcola. come hungry.
This place doesn't just jump the kitsch shark, it pole vaults over it into a land of pure awesomeness. Great people, great food, great everything. Being a California liberal, it took me a few minutes to get over the number of mounted animal heads (there was a moose next to our table that I swear was looking at me), but I then reasoned I was there for a massive burger and to get over it. While I was tempted by the skippy peanut butter burger (among other local delicacies), I figured I'd play it relatively safe with the swiss and grilled onions on rye. After some logistical planning and fine maneuvering, I was able to take a bite of the behemoth. Two bites later I was nearly full and content, but managed to make room for my 18 cents worth of pea soup and the heavenly house red ale. Needing to walk off my meal, I took a stroll around the pub. The sheer number of signed $1 bills (stapled to every available service) is unreal, as is the collection of signers. The different sections of the restaurant each have their own unique flare. I know I can't wait to come back and tour the wine cellar...and that pb burger!
Omg! I love this place!!! Love the bean soup for 18cents. I don't even like beans!!! Never have. But I can eat this bean soup.  The steak was good! Big and juicy.  The bread!!! Yummy!!! I love it! And the Irish butter that comes with the bread! Their burger looked good too. Love the atmosphere. I tried their root beer too. I prefer mine to have a lot of fizz and some ice.  So the root beer was good but not for me.  But I love everything else! I would come here again and again if only I loved near by.
Boyfriend took me here for dinner when I visited and OMG so yummy! The Boxtys were so delicious, the fish and chips were great, and Marc says this is the only place he will eat shepherd's pie. Service was awesome and the house brewed root beer was sooooo good. Love this place!!!!
This place was very good!  We had burgers and shepards pie which were both amazing!!  And the 18 cent soup should be a homeless mans paradise!   It's delicious!!!
Typical Irish bar with a lot of flare. A must if you have never been there. Their burger is very good. The main thing I love about this place is their Prime Rib if they are cooking it and the boneless-skinless buffalo thighs...Yes, this is basically buffalo chicken but much, much better. They also have one in Destin, FL as well. While you there, have the Navy bean soup - love it - it is only 25 cents?  Or is it 5 cents?  Doesn't matter.  Get it.  Their Ruben Sandwich is very good as well. So many food, so much entertainment, so little time.  Again, it is a must if you are in the area.
If you're visiting Pensacola then visiting this place is a MUST! Autographed dollar bills dangle from ceiling and yes, stapling your money to their walls IS encouraged! Thursday is ladies night and they usually have a live band or a musician singing Irish ballads. The lighting is low, the servers are friendly, and there is plenty of comfortable booth seating. If you want a more lively (and louder) atmosphere, then ask to sit in the  bar area. If you look around you'll notice shamrocks on the bare bottoms of images in framed posters... those are to kiss when you've been called onstage (or whenever it tickles your fancy). Try the Irish Wake (beverage), the caramel whisky bread pudding is addictive, and they even make their own root beer! McGuire's also has a running club and fun 5k events so check their website for more info!
McGuire's is among the "cream of the crop" in Pensacola Dining.  Possibly the best steaks in town but it's hard to put them over Jackson's, and I haven't tried the Grand Marlin yet.  But this Irish Pub is more than just excellent food. If you're looking for a lively, entertaining night - than you've found your spot because McGuire's is just that.  The atmosphere is full of energy and it's hard not to have a good time when you're here with friends or family.  The waitstaff is genuinely friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  The bar is always a great scene too, especially on the weekends.  Great liquor choices, but more importantly, McGuire's brews it's own beer!  And yea, its gooood.   McGuire's is known for having monstrous burgers with seemingly limitless choices as toppings (I mean a peanut butter burger... seriously?).  The Irish Steak & Mushroom pie is very good, as is the Shepherd's Pie and the Lamb Stew.  But I usually don't mess around and just go for the Wood-Grilled Prime Rib.  I know every P'cola local has been to McGuire's hundreds of times so this is for you tourists, McGuire's Irish Pub place is an absolute must-stop.  Go check it out, you really can't go wrong no matter what you order.
Love. Love. Love. This place. My hubs is a officer in the USMC and every time we had company we always brought them here! Phenomenal & Fun Environment, friendly staff and Always Killer Grub! A must see!!!
This still gets my vote for best burger in FLA.  On this trip I had the mushroom and monterrey jack, it was so good but I couldn't finish it.   Also I tried the McGuire's specialty drink, the Irish Wake. It's green and comes in a big mason jar.  It's very heavy on the orange juice, and comes with both a red and green cherry. Pretty sure it's rum based, but couldn't really tell.  It was good, but... probably better off with a beer. Only downside this last trip was being sat right up against the stage with the band.  It's a popular place, and after waiting 45mins for a table it's good to get sat anywhere you can.  I would have preferred waiting a little longer to sit somewhere else, or at a table that could fit the size of our party... but... it was still really good.
What's left to say about this place?  I love the decor, music and overall vibe of McGuire's.  Drinking beer and singing never gets old!  The bagpipes are a favorite and I still have to double check the signs at the bathroom. One thing I really enjoy is the "Tuesday 5k Run"  It's a great way to see downtown Pensacola and get exercise!  Then when you finish you can grab a beer and a bite to eat.
While you may have heard of McGuire's before, this location is the original. If you can't have fun in a pub filled with a million dollars hanging from the wall and covered in  Irish-American memorabilia then the jokes on you. The largest pull to come here is the home brewed root beer, original Irish dishes, tender chargrilled steaks and giant burgers. Any of these items are fit for a big appetite and come in hearty portions. I love the atmosphere with a small labyrinth of booths that create an intimate small restaurant feel within a large building. If you have a large group like I did on this visit (15+) there are large secluded round tables in the back. ==FOOD== I decided to try the original Root beer is made by the restaurant but taste like A&W. It was worth a shot but I won't fall for it twice! With my drink I decided to stay away from the garbage burger (mix of all burgers) and try something different but seemingly tasty. I ordered the Steak Melt ($9.99) with onions cheese and steak. The steak patty is the size of your face bit the rye bread was just a small sliver. Once you chop off the extra meat you can reasonably ear it with your hands. The ground steak was good but the whole thing was lacking flavor. The free bread however, was bangin'.
If McGuire's had a dollar for every single customer that wanted to be a part of the awesome that is their money dripping ceiling... oh wait. This place is amazing, it's the kind of place you could go to with a complete stranger and the meal wouldn't even be terribly awkward because of how much "stuff" there is to look at around the restaurant. From mounted animal heads to funeral-related signs, the decor somehow avoids being unappetizing and simply comes across as humourous. Somehow between looking at all the decor, signs, dollar bills lightly fluttering above my head, the brewery tanks, etc, I was able to pay attention to the menu just long enough to decide what I wanted. The boyfriend and I settled on sharing the Combo Snack Plate as an appetizer. This snack plate would more accurately be described as a Heaping Appetizer Explosion (in a good way). I enjoyed everything on the sampler except for some fried apple pie bites which came as a bit of an unexpected surprise between buffalo chicken, onion rings, and fried cheese. I had ordered the shepard's pie for dinner but couldn't manage to make a dent in it after filling up on the appetizers we'd gotten. I did however, manage to somehow eat an impressive amount of Irish Honey Black Bread which was absolutely amazing. The service was attentive, the server happy to offer suggestions and checked in regularly. My one complaint was when the server refilled my nearly empty seltzer water with her pitcher of water. Not a big deal, but enough to miff someone who prefers soda water over flat water. After our meal, boyfriend and I decided that we needed to add our dollar bills to the collection surrounding us, and were promptly given a black marker to sign our bills and a staple gun. Any restaurant that gives me a staple gun without batting an eye gets serious cool points in my book.
I was assuming the food was not going to be good since the restaurant looks so showing on the inside. I was wrong! The food was excellent ( navy bean soup is delish and 18 cents) the portions were large and the server was top notch. It was fun on top of that. I would defiantly recommend this Pensacola institution to anyone who is visiting!
Although the place seems very tourist-trappish, the food is great!  If you are staying in Pensacola Beach or Gulf Breeze, it is definitely worth the 15 minute drive to McGuire's!  The menu is huge, many types of steak, Iris type fare, hamburgers, and sandwiches. Beware though....the portions are HUGE!  If you are staying in a hotel you may want to split something with your party!
Just went here the other day. We had a party of 8 but luckily we went for an early dinner, got seated within 30 mins and made it for happy hour. It was a great time and their food is delicious! We all got the burgers since we're poor college students, but what a way to dine like a king for a reasonable price! The burgers are enormous and very tasty (I took half of mine home!). All in all I got three beers during the happy hour (they have a selection of house brewed beers), the senate bean soup, and the burger with fries. Including tip my bill was an even $20! This was during happy hour mind you, but it was a great deal. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants ever for the atmosphere, service, drinks, and good food.
First time to Pensacola and we were staying at the Residence Inn which is basically across the street. Anytime I've looked up Pensacola this place seems to pop up, that, plus the crazy bus advertisement? We had to go. Walked over there and were afraid we'd have to wait forever, it was packed! The hostess said 45mins to an hour, the great thing? Even if you're sitting out front you can order from the bar while you wait...genius! I wasn't feeling well and didn't drink, but my boyfriend was practically smashed by the time we got our table (and it definitely wasn't the full 45 minutes). It was cool to see the diverse crowd, people from every age box and walk of life. We were seated right under a speaker so it was a little too loud but I guess that's just part of the atmosphere. The waiters wear bow-ties and the waitresses wear long aprons -it's all very cute. Like other reviewers have said, make sure you order the Irish Wake. It'll knock your socks off and you get to take home the jar it's served in! And try the Bean Soup, its cheap and absolutely delicious. A great place for people watching, and the food wasn't bad either (huge portions). Not AMAZING but they get an 'A' for overall experience :)
If you are visiting Pensacola and like Irish Bars; then visit McGuire's. Those of you who like Irish bars will truly love it. McGuire's is a landmark in Pensacola and very well known by everyone including visiting celebrities, politicians, etc. Upon entering you will see all the autographs and pictures of well known celebrities. As you enter the bar and restaurant you will be amazed by the thousands of signed dollar bills covering the walls, ceiling and bar. The staff is extra friendly and they serve a variety of micro brews on tap upon a full bar. You won't find any national brand beers here. The bar is filled loyal patrons who know each other on first name bases. The food is average pub fare in large portions. Parking is ample with its own private lot. Keep mind I am not a Irish bar regular but found McGuires to be casual and fun.
My favorite restaurant in America. Best prime rib I've ever eaten. Portions are huge and fairly priced. The BBQ ribs are unbelievable. Their home-brew beers rock. Be sure to ask about their seasonal. Kids menu is great and they'll love the home-brew root beer.
Perfect case of where 'bigger is better'. This place is huge, popular, and the portions are enormous. This is my first time in Pensacola and the first restaurant explored; I don't know if I want to go anywhere else! I asked the bartender the percentage of people that finish their whole 3/4lb burger. I'm in the 60th percentile.   Awesome! The 18 cent soup was pretty awesome too!
Good food and entertaining decor/environment. Inside is very loud. Even though it looked like it would take a while with the crowds waiting outside, the wait wasn't more than 15 minutes.
Great food and a drink that is, by best descriptions, sent from a leprechaun to give us mere mortals luck.. The "Irish wake" is as delicious as it is dangerous and mixed with the fantastic menu (the fried mashed potatoes are unreal) really sets a great mood. Oh yeah, and while your there don't forget to add a dollar to the millions hanging on the ceiling.
Personally Ive been to McGuires a million and one times, mostly on Thursdays for their ladies night :) I even had my wedding party dinner there. The food is amazing, little high, but the burgers are as big as your face! Irish Wakes will sneak up on you and before you know it you'll be singing along with 'There once was a vampire named maybelle' and kissing the moose/ass/crotch. Only downside is it gets damn crowded, especially in the summer. I was only able to get in 3 times this last summer; if only we had a two story one like the other one.
Great atmosphere, good service, so-so food on my visit. I ordered the fish market diet plate and found the fish to taste really earthy with overcooked, slimy vegetables on top. spent my meal salivating over my friends' crock onion soup and ENORMOUS Reuben. When I go again, I am going to order something classically Irish, like corn beef or shepard's pie. Moral of the story?  When in Ireland, eat like an Irishman and you'll leave happy!
You have to visit just for the experience, but unfortunately my food wasn't anything to rave about. The service was great - very friendly waitstaff and timely delivery of food and check. We started with the Irish Boxtys, which we had never had before. I wasn't really impressed. To me they just tasted like breaded mashed potato balls without much flavor. The dipping sauces were okay, but I wouldn't order it again. Then I ordered the lunch special of fish and chips and I was seriously disappointed in my fish. It was overcooked, to the point that I couldn't cut it with my fork. Fish should never be that tough! The fries and cole slaw were good. They brew their own root beer, which was good. It wasn't overly sweet, and not overly carbonated. I don't drink beer, so I can't speak about their beers but if I was a drinker I would try them since they brew some on site. If I was to go again, only to take people who haven't been before, I would definitely try a steak or burger. My friends said their crab cakes were good, but after the fish I just don't think this is the place to try seafood.
I had to make the obligatory stop into McGuires to see what it was all about. I got there at 4:30pm before it started to get crowded. All of the beers they serve on tap are made they. Excellent!! The Irish Red is super as well as the IPA. The trick I learned from some of the regulars was have a couple of Reds first and then shift to IPA. I tried the Blue Potato appetizer. Fresh homemade chips covered  with blue cheese and then heated until the cheese melted. This is a table app for 4 people - not just for me. I dented it a little. But it was an amazing app. For dinner - had to go with the 16oz Prime Rib - SMOKED, with asparagus. What an amazing cut of meet with the smoke flavor and smell. I tried to enjoy every bite but wanted to wolf it down. Service sitting at the bar was great - even when it got crowded. People were lined up at the door at 7pm to wait an hour to get in. Go early!! Will I be back: Without a doubt. More Smoked Red Meat and home brew!!
I was so excited to go here then so disappointed. I have NO IDEA why this place has so many good reviews. This is a place that seems as if it worked very hard to get it's customer base and tons of awards for their food BUT once they got the good reputation they must have let the food and cleanliness go by the way side. Most of the reviews I've seen have alcohol references in them and this place has strong drinks-on the menu they say they make everything with double shots and some drinks are so strong that they limit the amount you can have. I say this because the only way I feel like someone would think the food is good is if they were drunk. (I'm no saint, I've been drunk and the only place still open so late was a place I hate on normal days but friends talked me into eating there and it was the best thing ever-I thought maybe I had judged too soon so a couple weeks later I went back sober and sure enough it was disgusting) About the cleanliness, to the eye everything is tidy but as we were walking to our table I almost slipped and fell because the floor was so greasy. There was a very bad greasy, fried smell in the air as well, like it had soaked into the walls. I would hate to see their kitchen- the grease smell makes me think they don't clean it very well. Also, THE FOOD was disgusting. It wasn't just me that felt that way, it was my husband too so I guess I'm not crazy. The lighting in the restaurant was very dim so I felt like they were trying to hide something. He had the Brew Master burger which had an obnoxiously huge piece of liverwurst on it. They definitely got it out of a can and sloppily cut a piece and threw it on the burger. If it would have had a thin slice on top of the burger patty it would have made more sense. As for the beef patty-overcooked. I had the Reuben egg rolls. They had absolutely no taste. It was like dog food which I've tried and I think Id rather eat dog food any day. It was supposed to be like a Reuben sandwhich in the form of an egg roll. Sound delicious? yes! Was it? NO!!!!!! I couldn't even finish one. I'm CONVINCED they minced up old Bologna and fried it. I expected rich flavors but I got tasteless mush! Food was overpriced as well. The 18 cent soup or whatever the price... was even overpriced. It wasn't 28 bean soup by any means. It was a can of navy beans dumped in a bowl with no seasoning, thick as hell, but they tried to make it look special by putting a little green leaf on top...If this tricks people into thinking it is some fresh dish then good for them but I wasn't fooled. I can understand how people get excited about the atmosphere with all the dollars on the wall and the way the waitresses dress and the souvenir shop but in reality there is no feeling in the air like hey this is cool! I like this place! I'm excited! NOPE! It's just a bunch of distractions TRYING TO CREATE ATMOSPHERE. I can't speak of the bar side maybe that's where the said atmosphere is??? Last thing, I feel like most people who come here are passers through or on vacation so they are just excited to be somewhere new...I don't know it's the only way I can rationalize it.
This place has Amazinggg food! Must try their Irish Wake! Its one of the best drinks I've ever had! Overall this place has a great atmosphere and great staff. Food arrived promptly. Definitely coming back here again.
I don't see the attraction. Why can't hey be bothered to take reservations? With so many tables, the average time to turn a table should be highly stable and predictable. I assume they just want to run up your bar tab while you wait. So you wait 30 to 90 minutes only to be rushed through dinner. No one in our group was half way through their salad before the entrees arrived. I know they are a steak place, but most good steak houses 100 yards from the ocean serve decent seafood. My grilled crab cakes were burnt to a crisp.
Big fan!  My only complaint is I do not travel to Pensacola often. I'd go back on every trip. This was a recommendation from someone on my flight. Turns out, my hotel was within walking distance. This place was very good. I was alone so I sat at the bar. Great choice. Bartenders were fantastic and the patrons were very friendly. I made a few friends by the end of the night. The beer they brew there is spot on. I stuck with the stout most of the night and it competes with Guinness. That good. The blue cheese chips appetizer could be a meal and a good one but don't fill up. Too many good choices. It is a steakhouse after all and the ribeye was everything I was told it would be. My only mistake was not getting the blue cheese crumbles on top. I forgot to ask and the bar tender didn't offer (his only slip up all night). Cooked properly and seared to perfection. Many folks around me ordered the Sheppard's Pie. Looked great as well and everyone finished it. If you have room for dessert get the Jim Beam bread pudding. The sauce comes out hot and makes the dish. I cannot write a review on this place and not mention the money. Over half a million dollars on the ceiling and walls!?  Have to see it to believe it and appreciate it. Go just for that and stay for the beer and the food. You'll be glad you did.
This place will certainly keep you coming back! The atmosphere, food, service and overall vibe is awesome! Not to mention you can eat a decent meal for 2 without breaking $20 (we had 2 burgers, 2 drinks and coffee) It's set up like a tavern, lots of different rooms to experience. The gift shop has some very interesting finds while you wait for your table, and the wait is never as long as they say. The menu is by far the best I've seen in any Irish Pub, I personally love the Onion Soup, and the Guacamole Burger. I NEVER liked burgers in my 25 years of life until I came here. Something about them made me try it, and stick with it! Don't forget to finish with a coffee, it is delicious :) And if you are there for the drinks you have got to get the 'Irish Wake', which comes in a complimentary mason jar. There are over 750,000 dollar bills on the ceiling/walls, the bathroom signs will keep you laughing as people are consistently getting them confused. My first time there was on a busy 4th of July and the staff were energetic and helpful regardless. They are always willing to give menu suggestions and haven't lead me astray yet! Enjoy!
This was not my kind of place. I am all for having fun in life, this atmosphere is not good for children. We waited 45 minutes outside for our seat. That was not the problem. The problem was that almost everyone else waiting are young people half naked getting drunk. That is not a place you want to take you children for them to see those things, and I didn't even have a kid there. I was embarrassed at the 4 girls who came outside to smoke with hardly any clothes on trying to pick up every single looking guy who walked by. Luckily I didn't have to see a lot of that, because we finally got seated. I did like the decor. I assume it does look like what I would imagine an Irish pub to look like. I wanted something traditional, so I ordered the fish and chips. It was terrible.My fish was very undercooked, so I just ate the chips and the bread they served and got out of there. I won't go back.
Overall, meal was ok, service started out great and dwindled once order put in, and the best part was the scenery, not the food. This place came recommended while attending a conference in town for dinner. Host and waiter were awesome and knowledgeable about the history this place and were able to make great beer recommendations for a newbie like me.   Took a look at the menu and was astounded at the cost of food, rivals most of the high end resturants I have been to.  Unfortunately, the price vice the quality was not matched. Side Note: Just to be clear, if I am paying $45 for dinner for just myself, I expect the service and the meal to match the price.  I would not have paid $20 for this as a whole. Okay back to the review: Started out great with the 18cent Soup which was the first time I ever had it, was great! Took the waiter's recommendation and I ordered the Prime Rib (cooked to m/w) and I received a steak that was mostly fat (not mabled, but had a lot of fat) now that would have been ok if it was somewhat flavored and edible-not chewy like gum.  I found my steak to be ok in flavor and a little tough, definately would not have paid $27 for it.  It was not horrible, just not worth the cost and advertisement was not right (tender, great flavors, best score for meat products- according to their menu). Once the meal was served our waiter became scarce until the bill came, place lost money due to lack of service and tip dwindled the longer we waited. (wanted dessert and it was a little rushed, apparently they had people waiting to be seated, like I cared as a customer).  Dessert-breadpudding with whiskey frosting...not bad, but not memorable either.   My friends all enjoyed their steaks and beer, they had different cuts and cleaned their plates, so I guess that I was just unlucky for the night. Nice Scenery, great for scenery, but a little over rated and over priced-at least for my dinner.
Yummy fresh brewed beer and great hamburgers.  Don't forget to kiss the moose! Every time I have been to Mcguire's the food and beer have been consistently good. Make sure you bring a healthy appetite or someone you can share with because some of the portions are huge.   The hamburgers are really good.  After trying a number of the appetizers, I think the spinach and artichoke dip is my favorite.  The Irish steak and mushroom pie is savory delicious!   Don't forget to try the beer sampler!
Really good food & pretty good prices for the portions. Get the 18 cent bean soup & dip the bread in it. It's really good!!
A Pensacola staple! We've celebrated at McGuires for years-from birthdays, to graduation parties, to our rehearsal dinner! Everything is always amazing-though I'm partial to the French onion soup and Smoked Prime Rib. Service is excellent-perfect place for dinner or a dinner party!
If you want a relaxing meal with friends go at lunch when it is considerably less crowded and noisy.  If you want to have a raucous, fun evening go for dinner but go early or expect a considerable wait.  The place is hard to get into for a reason.  The steaks and traditional Irish fare is excellently cooked (lamb chops and shepherds pie are particularly yummy).   The steaks and burgers are HUGE and properly grilled to order.  The pour is generous and reasonably priced.  The meals are a little expensive compared to other restaurants but worth it for a special occasion.  Fun place, good food all you need to add is good friends/family.
Love the burger and beer.  Food and service can be a miss every once in awhile but most of the time i've had a great experience
Great food and great atmosphere! The pub atmosphere is awesome with the ceiling covered in millions of dollars in $1's. The atmosphere alone is worth going in for, and the food is also great. I had a burger, the 18cent bean soup, and a seasonal Octoberfest. Everything was delicious. Go now to get a seasonal Octoberfest brewed on site! One of the top restaurants in Pensacola.
Love this place! Great food, healthy portions, yummy brews they brew themselves, and 18 CENT BEAN SOUP!!
The best steaks in Pensacola. Great prices, wonderful staff, and good times for all! I highly recommend this place to everyone.
Great food, fun atmosphere, reasonable prices and knowledgeable waitstaff. What's not to love! It's a place I can't wait to return to.
The best! Burgers and steaks are always awesome. The atmosphere is great and all the servers are kind and attentive. Go on Wednesdays at lunch for Hopkins house recipe fried chicken!
This place is great! The price of food is up there, but it's well worth it in the large helpings and delicious taste.
My newlywed sister, brother-in-law and I went here for lunch today; I remember the place as having good food and good beer. Well, at least the beer is still good.  The burgers my kin ordered looked, and by their estimations were, pretty darn tasty.  Not so much the sausage plate I ordered.  $15 for two Johnsonville bratwurst and two Johnsonville breakfast sausage links (split), served over kraut and canned potatoes, and one pint of beer. Now, maybe McGuire's will call it a joke for the GLBT Memorial Day beach scene-- if so I hope they got a good laugh out of an extremely poor joke. If I owned this business, the person in charge of this menu item would be looking for work tomorrow. Serving one-star food to hungry people is no way to generate repeat business. I do not and cannot recommend McGuire's to anyone-- you'll get at least the same quality of local beer at Pensacola Bay Brewing, and you can overpay for food damn near anywhere.
Our food was great.  I had a steak and it was cooked perfect and tender.  The bean soup was great and the server  was amazing.  Great atmosphere.  I would eat here again for sure!
So I finally tried the $100 grand burger!  Actually I shared it with a friend, but half was still plenty of food.  Not going to lie - it tasted a lot like their normal burger only with caviar.  And since I'm not a huge fan of caviar, I definitely wouldn't get it again.  But I like their normal burgers, so a burger and champagne made for a great meal.  Though as a note - they cook their burgers how you order them.  If you order medium rare, there's going to be some pink in there.  A quality I value in burger-serving institutions, but a lot of other people don't.   I've tried just about all their traditional Irish fare on past occassions, and they're all tasty and authentic.  The food isn't that much better than other Irish places, but the atmospher is great, the portions are huge, and they have a shockingly large selection of alcohol.  Plus the bathrooms crack me up... but I'm not about to tell you why!
We had amazing food and wonderful service. Our server Stacie was on top of her game. Awesome atmosphere. I suggest the boxies on the  appetizer menu. YUM! I also ordered an omelet which was HUGE. Everything we ate was tasty--------and fresh. Add a dollar to the ceiling!
I hate to be the one person to give this place an "OK" review but thats what the food was in my opinion. We started off with the boxtys which were probably my favorite part of the meal, the bf got the chicken wings(?) app which I would need to look back at the description- maybe it didnt say wings but they definitely weren't. It was more like chicken breasts smoothered in whatever sauce you chose. For dinner, I had the shep pie which was ok- it was lacking some flavor. Bf had a ribeye which he said was good but surprisingly said he's had better. Bread was ok- we both agrees that it was not better than cheesecake factory like another review mentioned. Oh I also tried the green drink- again, Ok but nothing to rave about.
One of my favorites restaurants in Pensacola. The steaks are amazing as are the burgers. Don't forget to order a senate bean soup for only 18 cents as an appetizer. Great atmosphere. It does get really crowded on the weekends so I usually go during the week. Highly recommend.
Just Awesome! There are enough reviews here that I don't really need to add anything except that this place is utterly awesome!
great food!  Try the Ruben eggrolls!  They are delicious!  The ribeye steak is my favorite. Its not overly seasoned and cooked perfectly medium-rare.  I always get the 18 cent soup!
Great food GREAT service!! Loved it!!! Every review was spot on!
The place was very touristy, both outside and inside. However I was blown away with how good my meal was. Appetizers were amazing, and the meal itself was far more than a person could eat on their own. Just thinking of this places makes me want to drive back to Florida, words I never expected to type. Even got caught up in the kitsch of the place and left a dollar on the wall. If I'm ever back in Pensacola, I'll be back for sure.
My wife and I ate here while on vacation and enjoyed it. We had to wait about 30 minutes on a Monday night at about 6:30. Fortunately it was margarita night and for $2 they were decent. The bar was crowded with friendly locals who offered us a taste of their "Irish Wake" drinks. I chose McGuire's own Irish Red beer, which I found disappointingly bland. The Old-fashioned Ale was even more bland. Dinner however was delicious! We started with Planxties, which we'd never had before and they were great. My wife had the prime rib and I had the ribeye (the prime rib was top-notch, the ribeye was good but not great.) Though most of the restaurant was loud and boisterous we were seated in the tomb-like wine room. The consolation was that we got to look at confused women walk into the men's room and vice-versa. Our server was attentive and did not rush us. Overall, a nice place and we'll go back again for burgers. +1 star for ambiance, -1 star for the beer.
Great food, great service, great atmosphere.  You may even get to see someone kiss a great moose. McGuire's is perfect for parties small and large.  Expect it to be on the noisy and busy side unless you request a seat in the cellar, which has it's own interesting atmosphere.  The burgers are delicious, keep an open mind and try something new when ordering, you may discover a new favorite.
Atmosphere was great. Service was awesome! Quick, timely, and polite. ... Beer was ok...a bit better than Miller Lite, but not as good as Sam Adams. I know, they're not the same type of beer. Salad wedge was good, but it's hard to mess up lettuce with blue cheese. Bread was ok. The steak was between Sizzler and Long Horns, but priced like Ruth's Chris. Not what I consider a 'value' buy. I'll get a burger next time!
Wow! This place was awesome!! The food was amazing, the atmosphere was great, the waiter was entertaining, what a great night! Try the Irish Wake!
I live near Pensacola and McGuire's is always on the top of my list of recommendations to family and friends who visit from out of town.  Food and service is always top-notch!   Steaks and burgers are always delicious.  Ribs are the best I've ever had!  My daughter loves the shepherd's pie.   Great fun for the entire family!
We were greeted at the front by a very nice lady.  It was a little busy for noon, but we were seated right away. The black and blue burger was so good! You must like blue cheese to like this!  The burgers were big, so either be prepared to take some home or come hungry!  Of course we left a dollar among the millions left by other patrons. This restaurant is a must when in Pensacola!
4 stars for ambiance, only 2 for food.  Nothing that great in the food department really, but they are working with Irish/pub food so you can't expect miracles. Dollar bills on the ceiling are quite a sight though.
.
Wow... talk about a  decline.. don't believe all  the hype Used to LOVE  this place ... BUT  it has really  gone down in the  last  few months in  not only food  quality  but  in  cleanliness  and  service.  They are either under-staffed  or  have servers  that  just  almost ignore  you.   Yes  the  restaurant was  busy  but we  went with  empty water glasses,  empty  cocktail glasses  for well over 12 minutes... and that was after  we had   sat thirsty  for a  long  while  and  decided  to time them!  Food was  mediocre at  best.  the  menu says  fish  in  the  fish and chips  it's  ale  battered.   Was  not a  batter .. Was  just  plain  old  corn meal  dipped  fried  fish.  Sandwiches were  just ok  but  not  great and  bread/ toast  kind of stale tasting.  Add to this a  not  so clean  environment.  overall  the night was expensive for below-average  food,  served  late  and  barely warm in a  dingy  dusty  dining  room.  I  guess  it's now a  one hit  wonder  tourist trap.  we  won't go back.
I've been to this place several times as well as the location in Destin, and I have to say its not somewhere that would be my first pick. The atmosphere is great and it really is somewhere you should go if you've never been. The food is decent, but not really flavored well. The one item that is on point is the Boxties app. It's pretty much fried mashed potato balls that comes with a variety of sauces to dip them in. Everything else, eh not that awesome. I suggest this to anyone who hasn't gone, but only for a one time thing.
Very nice. Pleasant atmosphere and ambiance. Will make it a point to visit again if given the chance. Thumbs up~
Great atmosphere. Dollars on ceiling! Guinness. Shepherd's Pie. Steaks. Brewery!
Love the Reuben here! Also the Irish potato skins are a must-have, as well as the boxtys. Can't go wrong with the pork chops or the shepherds pie either. So much of the menu is good here it's hard to beat! Come on Saturday night for cheap bushmills whiskey.
We have ordered a few take-out office lunches from here and each one has been fantastic! Even though they send the food with a note regarding quality, it has been delicious each time.
An obligatory stop for those visiting Pensacola.  A big tourist attraction while retaining a loyal cadre of resident customers.  Makes much of the rowdy, boozy Irish image.  (poor Matt Talbot would be mortified). Food is mostly meat and taters, with some seafood and Irish-inspired.    Be a good tourist--- make your pilgrimage genuflection at this shrine and staple a dollar bill if you can find a vacant spot on walls or other surfaces.
A large portion of average food still makes it average @ best.  More of a tourist trap if you ask me and in changing the famous Lloyd Benson quote around a tad " I've been to real Irish Pubs and real Irish Pubs are friends of mine and sorry McGuire's, you're not a real Irish Pub!
I'm a huge fan of the root beer at McGuire's! Food and the service are always great.
Best damn burgers I have ever had, hands down. I have since been on a quest to find a burger that would come close, but no luck. Sure, I have had some tasty burgers, but the burgers here remain the standard by which all other burgers are compared. Love yourself a little and try one. Also, a McGuire's tradition is to stick a dollar bill to the wall (or ceiling, or ceiling fan or whatever) after writing your name on it with a big black marker. You have to visit the restaurant to get the full effect of what this looks like. Every once in awhile I start planning a trip back to Pensacola just so that I can have another burger... I think I need to go check my calendar...
SOO good! The food was phenomenal, service was on point too. Only stopped on our way back to texas for a few days and went to McGuires twice. Had the bacon burger, it was perfect...even thee fries were perfect. My fiance had a steak cooked  just the way he wanted...bloody. Believe me it was practically still mooing but that is exactly what he asked for. The next day it was raining and a bit cold so we ordered potato skins, bean soup, and sandwiches.  The soup had tons of flavor amd the potato skins were awesome..they came with huge pieces of thick cut bacon. We had irish coffee which was of course topped off with a green cherry. We made time to stop by the store next door. It was a bit pricey but we picked up a key chain to commemorate our fantastic find. Dont forget to put a dollar up! We put ours by the stair case
A Pensacola landmark! Great food and an interesting atmosphere. Be sure to kiss the moose if it's your first time!
I ate here with my husband. He told me that the place is really good. He was right. The food was amazing! Word of advice... Do not order a lot of appetizers because when your main dish arrives you will be so full to eat. The waiter will warned you ahead of time anyway. The bread is sooooo good! I say its better than the bread I ate at the Cheesacake Factory. I love the money hanging on the celing! And the restrooms.... you'll find out yourself.  LOL
Love this place! One of my favorite parts of Pensacola! Awesome burger selection, even better steak selection, this place really knows their meats. Beer is brewed in house, even the root beer! Happy hour is crazy packed but still a good time. I recommend this to anyone. Beprepared the burgers are pretty big.
Stopped in for a porter and a Ruben chowder. if you're reading this during the "winter months" check out their ruben chowder. it's just magical.
The pub lunch - liver wurst with a mini jar of mayo raw onion and a stout beer is a stoners dream ! Rocking when the piano guy is in... Great sing alongs ensue! Do not miss the St. Pattys party!!! Crazy stupid fun!
stopped in just for a couple of beers before hitting the beach and were immediately struck by the insanely cool decorating job inside. Wasn't too crowded when we were there, and the bartender Jeremy was incredibly friendly and helpful. He chatted with us and helped us to find a nice local beach. Best 30 minutes spent in a bar.
One word:  Fantastic! This place is an iconic restaurant in Pensacola. The food is reasonable but the true reason you go is to hang out with friends and meet new people. Burgers, steak, and fish and chips are good. I would recommend the Reuben egg rolls as an app. They are a delicious treat. With all that praise out of the way, I would caution the average goer to only visit at night. That way you can get the most out of the experience.
Great food, killer atmosphere, and fun music. Who could ask for anything more. Check 'em out!
I can honestly say that this is one of my favorite places in the world. Not favorite restaurants. Favorite places. The ambiance is great. Yes, it can (by definition) be considered touristy, but look around and you will see that many many locals frequent this place as well. And how could they not. Just look around and you will literally see millions of reasons as to how many people have enjoyed their time here. The wait can be long, the menu can be extensive, and it can get loud. But its the way McGuires has always been so you can either take it or leave it. I decided to take it and will continue to do so whenever I get the chance. The food is cheap and portions are huge. Where else can you get a huge prime steak for under $30? A variety of 10 ounce burgers for $10 will leave you confused as to what to choose. You can honestly choose at random and get one of the best burgers you will ever try (unless you get the garbage burger). The reuben is out of this world and the best I have ever tasted. They have items to cater to the people coming to this place expecting an Irish Pub and to cater to those looking for an American-inspired menu. I love me some variety. The immensity of this place literally had me scratching my head. I don't understand how much room is inside just by looking at it from the outside. I felt like I was in a Harry Potter book or something. This also means that turning tables happens more frequently, so your long wait won't probably be that long. Coming here is an experience, and I wish I could express how much I love this place. Sadly, I just don't have that type of skill with words to give it justice. So please come here so you can make your own decisions. And whatever you do, make sure you check out the bathrooms at least once.
Pensacola is not culinary destination point, this is a great place for beer to meet up with gang but you won't impress anyone with food. Average bar food.
Great burgers, what am I saying, great everything and decent prices. One of the most interesting places I have ever been. If you're in the area, check it out. Try the Irish wake drink.
My bf and I came here for dinner, and I've always wanted to try McGuire's. Our waitress was very attentive and made our experience great. I ordered the filet mignon with mashed potatoes which was absolutely delicious. The meat was cooked just right the way I like it. My bf ordered the lamb which he seemed to really enjoy. We also ordered the chocolate drizzled pie which was a delicious treat. I will definitely come back sometime.
I went to this great establishment a few days ago and was amazed with the great service, atmosphere and food. Despite having a full house, the speed of service was still great. I ordered a burger and a root beer, both were very good. To make a long story short, I will be a frequent customer for weeks to come.
Cool atmosphere and amazing food. Jack was a great waiter - he knew everything about everything. Recommended a great frozen Irish coffee. Eggroll appetizers were phenomenal!
McGuire's is one of the coolest restaurants on the gulf coast. They make amazing burgers (I have personally downed the garbage burger), and their martini night is a bargain! The ambiance is something else...imagine every square inch of their ceiling covered in one dollar bills. It's a sight to see! A must-visit for out of town guests.
I absolutely love this place. One of my top 10s. The atmosphere is tacky and delightful. The food is great and I cant remember what the flavor was but there house made fruit beer is wonderfuulll, 'Im not a beer girl but i thoroughly enjoyed it. The bartender was a delight and the place is packed with young military on the weekends when the get liberty. If there's a long wait don't hesitate to go check and wait around the bar for a table, first come first serve. Love, love, love this place. And thursday night is ladies drink free.
Fun place with good food.  Happy hour offers very good prices on their home brewed beers.  Dollar bills all over the walls along with lots of other unique decor makes for a great place to visit at least once.  Come early for dinner so you can avoid the long waits.  Their burger menu is very unique and makes me want to go back again and again.
McGuire's has been a favorite restaurant of mine for years! I try something different every time I go and I'm never disappointed. I recommend this place for it's food, authentic environment, and great, friendly service!!
Danger is a great help behind the bar. Have been there about 10 times. The food is generally very good to excellent for a restaurant of this caliber and price range. Loud, festive atmosphere around the bar. Other areas quieter.
Re-visited this place July 2010 and have to say it is still as fabulous as ever. Can't say anyone was disappointed in their food or drink while visiting with my party of 8. We all had a blast and ate until we were sick! Don't forget the spiked irsh coffees with your dessert! They are worth the over full feeling you will have for the rest of the day ;)
What a cool place, great food, ambiance, staff, and Irish.  Can't get much better.
A place no true Irishman would call authentic, McGuire's "Irish" Pub & Brewery is not truly Irish. The waitresses wear green skirts, green adorns areas of the pub and cheesy "Irish" music plays through the speaker system. I imagine that an Irish gentleman or woman would run screaming from this place before they even made it across the threshold of the front door. It took a wee bit of time before the waitress got our drink orders, however she was quite friendly. I chose, unfortunately, the Maryland Style Crab Cake Platter for $20.99 and my companion the Cedar Planked Galway Salmon for $19.99.  The 3 crab cakes were a lot to be desired in size and taste. Three crab cakes, 6 tiny fried clams that looked like fried onion rings and a small bowl of coleslaw with a baked potato rounded out this expensive but quite small dinner. I was surprised at how little flavor the crab cakes had and how small the portions were especially for the price. I tried dabbing some hot sauce on the crab cakes but even the sauce couldn't rescue these sorry, sad cakes from drabness. The crab cakes also did not taste fresh and reminded me of fish cakes. It was hard pressed to try to tell the difference between crab cakes and fish cakes. I was also surprised at the small slice of salmon my companion received alongside a baked potato. Wow. $40.00 for what could have easily fit on one plate. Prices are high, food quality is low, and it's also a bit noisy. This place is only good if you're a drunk naval aviator trying to hit on college girls at the bar. Otherwise, it's best to steer clear.
I've never had a bad meal here in my life.  I basically rotate between three meals.  I either get the black and bleu burger, the ribeye steak, or the fish and chips.  All are great and every time I make sure to get Irish Boxtys.  If you are in the mood for a steak I believe it's the best in town.  This place or Agean Breeze are my steak destinations in this area.  Most nights it's jam packed but if you were thinking on going on a Tuesday night beware the runners club comes in and fills out the place.
Try an Irish wake!! Knocks even the mightiest drinkers on their behinds!! There is a vast array of burgers etc to try and quite a few of them you wouldn't expect. Price isn't too bad either. The walls and ceiling are covered in dollar bills, layers of them. Yes, it's very kitschy, but it's the fun of it. The service is always excellent! I've eaten here quite a few times.
Funky pub!  And I'm not a pub lover, but this place is worth the curiosity factor and after business hang out. Irish fare done well, and disgustingly curiously dredged in$1.00 bils stapled every where!
This is a fun bar---I love irish bars and this one does not disappoint in decor, food, liquor.....i had to purchase a cookbook because the food is actually delish......Had to buy t-shirts too because well it was just that much fun i wanted to take back a piece of this place with me---If you are in Pensacola you owe it to yourself to go here.....watch out for the bus full of lephrechauns....
Good memories of this place. Lots of spots to grab a beer, kick back, and relax.
As far as Irish pubs go, this place is lame.  No Guiness or Murphy's on tap, only their brews.  Menu was typical pub fare, I had the 'as seen on TV' jalapeno/bacon/cheeseburger.  I'd give it a C+ at best, because it was ok for a pub burger.  no live music on a Sunday night??
The BEST thing about Pensacola...other than bikinis on the beach. I have never had a less than stellar meal here. Service is awesome, vibe is awesome, kiss the moose! The only thing is I wish the bar area was larger.
It's just one of those places that everyone has to go to once.  The food is OK.  The service is OK.  The whole place is A-OK!  Don't forget to stick your money on the wall....like the rest of the sheeple!!
McGuire's is one my regular stops when in the Pensacola area, but I think the excellence is starting to fade as happens with many successful restaurants.  It is still a fun place, but I thought my Irish Stew was just average.  My son's burger was probably a little better than average, but my daughter's fried shrimp was bland and greasy.  The house brewed beers were ok, but nothing to go out of your way for.  (I had the Christmas Ale (not sure of the actual name) and the stout.)  The Irish Bread Pudding that was a stand-out before had an uninteresting soupy sauce but none of Irish Whiskey kick and flavor that it had before.  We'll still go back hoping that the quality returns.  Like I said, it is still a fun place to eat.
We stopped by this place earlier today for a quick bite before adventuring to the Pensacola Seafood Festival. The lighting is dim in this joint so when I first walked in I had to let my eyes adjust. After I was able to see, I was fascinated at the millions of dollar bills covering the walls and hanging from the ceiling! Some women also hung their bras! We sat at the bar and Chris took care of us. He's been there for FOURTEEN YEARS! McGuire's is definitely lucky to have him. He's hilarious. I asked them if they had fresh squeezed orange juice and surprisingly they did. Chris hand-squeezed me a glass himself! As my orange juice was being squeezed, I ran off to use the ladies room. At a glance, I saw big capital letters "LADIES" surrounded by smaller words which I thought might've been irrelevant, so I went in! Thankfully but yet also confusingly the second set of doors stated I was in the men's restroom!! Befuddled, I stepped back out to glance at the sign on the door across the hall which had big capital letters "MEN" surrounded by smaller words which I thought might've also been irrelevant. Then I looked at the door I just stepped through and read it once again, this time thoroughly. It read "Don't go in here LADIES this is the men's room, (then in extra smaller letters and lighter font) the ladies room is across the hall." Before I walked into the room across the hall, I stood outside to read the sign to make sure it was the ladies room. It read "But don't go in here MEN this is the ladies room, the men's room is across the hall." As I returned to the bar and shared my story with my friends, Chris overheard me and humorously said "Opps, I guess I should have warned you?" LOL. This place is awesome!
A very fun restaurant to visit while in Pensacola.  I liked it all right.  It just seemed a bit dark inside.  They give you enough food to feed a family of four for a week.  Which seems a bit wasteful, but ehh.  The reuben egg rolls were excellent.  I might  go back just for them.  I also had the shrimp po boy it was okay.  If you plan to buy souvenirs bring an extra $50 cause they are way over priced.  It was fun to visit once, but I don' think I would ever go again.
I had the pleasure of enjoying a meal with my cousin and his wife.  The meal was really good, we tried the Reuben Eggrolls it was listed as an appetizer, which Chef Robert Irvine said it was the best he ever ate, and for me I did not experience that.  It was different, but far from the best I ever ate, I would give them another try and make this my only dish to eat, just to see if they could at least hit my top 10 list perhaps I got a bad batch.  They did not look super sexy on the plate and were not juicy, they were kind of dry. The steak however, was not bad at all.  I had a Rib Eye and it was tasty, not as milky...creamy as I would like my beef but good nonetheless.  You know how you bite into a good piece of beef and you first taste the beefy flavor which turns into a creamy...milky...beefy flavor at the middle and then at the back end you start to taste the seasonings....oh that is always a great piece of beef meat taste and experience is to me. The entree looked good, it was a rib eye steak and a baked potato and the bring the topping around to you, which you have to wait for, that part was not cool, the waiting for the toppings, however, they let you fix your potato up the way you want it, so that was a real treat for me and that was cool.  The bread and butter they give you was excellent,  as you know I love all breads and butter just makes my meal better, so that is always a plus for me. I did try a beer they had in an Irish Red Ale of some sort, it was very flavorful.  I believe they have 2 or 3 of these Ales' give them a try, I bet they are all good. The service was good, they were crowded, and the service was not bad at all for the crowd they had.  Other than getting those topping to me so I can enjoy my baked potato.  The steak fries my cousin ordered were delicious, I could have eaten them too, but I didn't want to make a pig of myself in from of them. We shared a chocolate dessert that was awesome, I enjoyed that, can't think of the name of it, but it was a homemade bread pudding of some sort with an Irish Whisky sauce, I loved it!!! The taste of the food was great, I think my cousin's wife had the seafood platter and pasta and she said she enjoyed it, which lends me to think all the food here is probably good.  They can be pricey, so if you are looking for value not in the entrees' we ordered, I know they have other food items for just about every budget, but I had to try that well-marbled rib eye it was like $30.00 so that may not be too bad for most budgets.  Perhaps the appetizers is where it is, I know from the choices they had, I wanted to try more of those.  I do plan to go back, overall I think it is a nice place, I just can't afford it all the time, but if I could I would.  I will have to learn to stop eating steaks and seafood...those are the higher dollar items here, but for the price overall I may just be to frugal, I think this is a great place and if you get to Pensacola, FL make it your business to eat here and more than once if you can.
My friend came to back from Mc Guires and all he could do was brag about how good the steak and home brewed beer was so all of the guys from school decided to give it a try. I would have to say that it is one of the best steaks I have ever had and I am not a drinker so they told me about there fresh brewed root beer. That also had to be the best I have ever had. I liked it so much that I was begging everyone to go back the next day. The Prime New York strip is a 16oz, 1lbs steak and costs just about $30 and it is well worth the cost. Do your self a favor and try this place, you shouldn't regret it.
We visited Florida from Texas wanting to find the perfect restaurant to celebrate my brother's 30th and this was the perfect place. I was instantly amazed after walking in the restaurant, especially after being lead through the restaurant. It was so big like a maze. Seriously! We were following the waitress to our table but were too distracted looking at the walls and the ceiling, which was loaded with dollar bills! We didn't have any reservations before coming here on a Saturday but we got here early around 6 and there were plenty of tables left. We had about 14 people with us and was seated right away. Although, by the time we left, around 8ish, there were a lot of people waiting by the door. Besides the amazing atmosphere and conversation starters, the food was great as well. Most of us had their ribeye steak which I think would be the best choice(because I had others from my family). Don't eat too much of their amazing bread with the honey because the portions are really big. Either come hungry or you can split a portion. I'm a petite person but finished my 16oz steak because I saved room for it! Glad I did! I think this place is the best place to socialize or even on a first date. If you come for a birthday, a man would serenade you with a pipe, pretty cool! Definitely would come back if I'm ever in town.
This is a restaurant you must stop at if you ever visit Pensacola. The food is great and the interior is not something you'll likely see in another restaurant. When you enter, you will see that the walls are covered with autographs from people who have visited, as well as thousands of dollar bills stapled to every surface. I ordered a Garbage Burger for laughs and an $0.18 Navy Bean Soup, and both were delicious. The cheeses in the burger were exceptionally flavorful and rich. McGuire's is great spot if you're looking for something different. It gets a 5/5 because the food is pretty good and the restaurant is entertaining as hell.
First have to start off with the service. The waitress was great. She greeted us with a smile and had a great attitude. Chelsea i believe her name was. It was the best service I've had since being here in PCola for 3 weeks. The food came out in a timely manner even know there was 4 at our party. The root beer if you like it is very good. Its not really carbonated so you don't feel all bubbly drinking it. The brown ale is smooth and i cant wait to get another. The spinach dip is where its at with the appetizers. The calamari isn't all that bad either. I know this place is know for their steaks. I was just to cheap to buy one but they looked good. I got the peanut butter hamburger. It was Amazing and Huge. Definitely come here after you've fasted for two days cuz you get a lot of food.
The burgers were really tasty although cooked well done (we weren't asked). Couldn't taste the goulda on the smoked goulda burger, disappointing. Baked beans had a subtle molasses flavor really good. Mashed potatoes were good and garlicky the mushrooms on the burgers were very flavorful. At lunch time it wasn't nearly as loud as expected. Positive experience overall.
The food here is great!!! The atmosphere is inviting. The servers are sweet. What  more can you ask for.  Ordered the grilled fish with steam veggies and it came with a side of coleslaw and salsa. The fish melted in my mouth. The waitress was very helpful and sweet. The senate bean soup also caught my eye. I started with that, and all of a sudden a fresh loaf of pumpernickel coated with melted butter was brought to the table. Wow....all I have to say is why oh why can't this be carb free. Any who, I gave it 4 stars and I would revisit to try their other delicious offerings. One star was deducted since it was pretty dark in there and the air conditioning was on full blast.
This place has all the makings for a world class tourist trap. Somehow, it's not. Somehow, they churn out great food. Defies logic. The NY strip is one of the better I've ever had, and I am comparing it to some of the best steakhouses in the country (clearly, they're buying high quality meat). The bread is great, the Irish coffee is pretty good and everything else I've had passes muster. Be prepared to wait for a table at pretty much any hour of day.
Best. Irish. Restaurant. Ever. Burgers are the best!  $0.18 senate bean soup is slamming. Bit pricey and always crowded but great atmosphere.  Bagpiper walks around playing.
When I think of what a great Irish Pub should be this place exceeds all expectations.  Of course the decor and design of the place are all way over the top and exaggerated to the maximum for full tourist effect but it is done in a fun way that really works. The food is fantastic and the staff is attentive and friendly.  This is a VERY popular place and it always has a crowd and everyone seems to always be having a great time.  They have some great deals on their lunch specials and portions are very large.  Its rare I can't finish a meal but this place has defeated my well honed eating skills on many occasions with portions so large I couldn't complete the meal.  I've always found that I've gotten very good value for my money here and they also have their own beer selection and I like all their brews.  I'm generally a huge anti-touristy person but this is one tourist trap joint that I actually love (as it seems many locals do also) and I find the food to be very well done for this type of establishment.
I absolutely love this establishment. We made it tradition to eat dinner here every time were in the Pensacola area, which is 2-3x a year. Their steak is the best! (I only get the steak here, but why get anything else?) I love the taste of the steam when it comes out sizzling on its plate, which is every time. Also love the bean soup, their drinks, and it's atmosphere.
My 82 year old grandma always takes me here when I am home on leave. It's a favorite of the family and I even have a dollar bill up there from back in 99' when I just joined the navy. lol Just so many memories.
This is a really cool place with a great atmosphere, ample space, and excellent service.  It has lots of character and I liked that.  The money all over the place was kind of weird and freaked me out because I think money = germs, but I got over that.  I could only think "what if this place burns down????" and "I wonder how much money is in here?" lol. I got their root beer and it was tasty but kind of flat and warm.  I like my root beer to be very fizzy and cold.  I got the calamari for appetizers and the plate was huge.  My husband does not like calamari so I was only able to get through half the plate.  It was good.  The bread is interesting and tasty.  My husband is half irish and grew up eating the stuff so he was super excited about it.  I ordered the fish and chips because it was the lunch special and he ordered the steak and mushroom pie.  My food was pretty good and very hot.  My husband's food was meh.  Great presentation with the shamrock on top, but we didn't like it all that much.  It was super salty and the meat was not so great quality and had a lot of fat.  Overall it was ok.  I fail to see what the big deal is about the food, but it seems like a tourist trap to me.
Wow...IRISH CAR BOMBS!!!....Simply the BEst...and I will say....I couldnt stop staring at the ceiling wanting to take the entire ceiling home....
Tonight was the first night ever eating here and we were amazed. Hands down the best Irish pub food ever. Shepard's Pie and Corn Beef and Cabbage were perfect. Appetizer was Rueben egg rolls with thousand island dressing. Everything tasted great. We were quite shocked at how large the portions were, but even more how great the food was. I don't write many reviews, but I felt the need to on this one!!!! 5 stars. You will only regret NOT trying this place!
Yes, I must admit McQuires is a famous Pensacola tourist trap, but it's a GOOD tourist trap. Even as a local, I frequent this restaurant quite often. Their filet mignon steak was served in a decent serving size, and was quite flavorful, and desserts were quite flavorful also.
This restaurant is amazing.   Love their food.  On our last visit we tried the corned beef rolls appetizer.   I had the pork chops and they were fabulous.   Moist and tender.  Word to parents with school age and younger children, the wait for a table is quite often over an hour.  Get a babysitter.   It is too much to ask them to behave that long plus through dinner.  They would much rather have pizza anyway!
The food is good but the atmosphere is maybe the real reason to go.  I had the molly's cut steak and my boyfriend had the steak burger.  They were both good but the sides (fries and mashed potatoes) were a bit crummy.  The reuben eggrolls were super bland.  The honey bread was delicious though and the root beer was great.  I would go back, but probably for a drink.
14 years of going to McGuire's...never gets old! You wouldn't believe this place - a Pensacola "must see!"
We had a request by a fan to visit the popular Irish Pub McGuire's in Downtown Pensacola.  So we set out on a mission to give the Cheddar Steak burger the NWFL taste test.  We all  assembled in our disguises and set out to put this famous burger to the test.  We found a serious contender in the Cheddar Steak burger but for the results go to nwflburgertour.com to see how it scored against the Blue Dot and the Oval office.
Very sad that the raspberry beer is now seasonal- we would come every year just for this! I did love the brunch shrimp & grits that included the Irish coffee! Theis also included beignets that were tasty but nothing like New Orleans.
Truely Irish Fun and Dining. Great Irish specialties, Good Steaks and Prime Rib. Listed as a top Fla Steakhouse. Great fun atmosphere. A must stop if in Pensecola Fla
Heard about this place from a friend of my son.  We came by on 10/11 for dinner to celebrate my son's graduation from OTS Maxwell AFB (assigned to Pensacola NAS).  Great experience with our server Paula.  We ordered The Grand Burger...yes it is $100, but it was really awesome and who can argue about a grand magnum of moet imperial champagne! Share this treat, we took half the Burger and the champagne home!  BTW, Paula has worked there for 2 years and we were her first Grand Burger order!!  The bean soup is awesome and the apps sampler also good, especially the deep fried apples.  Warning, portions are really, really big, so beware!  Looking forward to my next visit!
Big fan, kiss the moose and leave a dollar on the wall if there is any room left.............a must see/visit have a ice cold beer and look at all the trinkets on the wall.....a virtual "whos-who" have been there.
What a good time! Our waitress was SO accommodating. They brew their own beers, as well as root beer. It was fantastic! You can also get the senate bean soup for just 18 cents! I thought it was so cool how the entire restaurant was covered in dollar bills. I had the jalapeno burger, which was perfect. Come with an empty stomach and a big appetite, because the portions are HUGE. Great atmosphere and great food, I will be back!
Lots of choices for good and drink here.  The burgers are wonderful.  The 18 cent Senate soup is really 18 cents and delicious.  Have daily lunch specials under $10.  The nachos will feed at least 2 people or a table of 6 for an appetizer.  Their bread pudding is to die for.  You can even got an extra shot of whiskey on it.  Like the other reviewers said you must stop here if you're in Pensacola.  Open late for the drinking crowd.  Their microbrewery makes delicious beers such as red ale (which you can find locally in a 6 pack).  Live music sometimes.  It's packed on the weekends so be prepared to wait.  I've never had anything here I didn't like.  Service is good and they wear such cute uniforms.  Dollar bills are pinned on the ceiling and lots of internet memorabilia including a human skeleton when you walk in.   And don't forget the moose!
Seated quickly! Huge facility with a million dollar bills hanging! Waitstaff slow due to short handed. Pea soup great! Beer cold! My meal was cold in the center, ug. The Irish music was funeral home music, ug. I have eaten better from Irish Pubs across the United States.
We came in for the Irish music (Rich McDuff these nights), and the first time we came in was a Wednesday night - very good for really getting into the music (quiet night otherwise), and we loved the Irish coffee. The next week we happened to be there on a Thursday night. That is Ladies Night, and so I tried McGuire's own stout, which comes in a small green plastic cup for Ladies Night drinks -- but if the gentleman is drinking, the lady drinks free. Can't beat that with a bodhran tipper. The stout was very good. The bread pudding was deliciously aromatic with spices, raisins and a liberal splash of whiskey; we shared it and enjoyed Rich's music and the faithful audience's participation. Will report back when we actually have dinner there -- thanks for the great music, Rich, and the great service, everyone down on the floor!
DONT EAT A HAMBURGER! My family and I went on Sunday, September 14th, and both my husband and my dad ate the blue cheese burger. They both got food poisoning and nearly ruined their vacation. I had the ciopinno. It was pretty good, but the 24-48 hours of barfing and being on the toilet knocks the rating way down.
Amazing! Just thinking about the steak makes my mouth water. Great atmosphere and lots of fun.
If you're a regular reader of my reviews, you may get tired of me mentioning MUSSELS MUSSELS and more MUSSELS.  But I am admittedly addicted to them right now.  Just like a song you can't stop playing on repeat, I can't stop looking for Mussels.  The soup they come in comes in on my top two.  I finished my mussels and picked up the bowl to finish it off.   But they are not the only reason this place is awesome.  There is just so much history and character and fun facts everywhere in this place.  It truly makes you feel like you are in Ireland.  The beer selection was awesome, they have a souvenir shop right inside, I love the get ups the staff wears.  There are little windows in certain spots allowing you to look inside to barrels of beer and wine cellars.  Our waiter was nice and informative.  OH!  And the bean soup!  18 cents?!  Who wouldn't order it! I found it to be really flavorful and I would pay up to 6 dollars for it.  Coming here is just a really neat and different experience.  I highly recommend it.   The four stars is because I ordered the philly cheese steak and I was not a fan at all.  It wasn't your traditional philly and I don't know if I should have expected it to be traditional given the type of restaurant I was at, so this could just solely be preference.  I took one bite and didn't eat the rest.  But do not let that stop you from coming.  I could just be really picky about my cheese steaks. :)
Absolutely loved it! Went for a Friday night out and was not disappointed! The live musicians were hilarious and the ambiance was very enjoyable. It was very loud in there, so don't plan on having any close conversations! Got the Irish Wake... very good, but found out why why there's a 3-Wake limit... very strong! Our waiter spilled on one of my friends, but I guess that happens every once and a while... my friend's beer was on the house after that.
Most of the time when the Travel Channel features a restaurant it's past prime and not worth a try. Or the promotion and influx of visitors ruin the quality. Fortunately, this massive tourist trap still serves good food. McGuire's succeeds at attracting the masses by marketing well and slapping $1 million worth of $1 bills on the ceiling. It's nearly a theme restaurant that many out of towners feel like the have to try when coming to Pensacola. The food isn't the country's best by any means, but it's better than average and much better than many of the chains on this strip. If you're staying at one of the many hotels downtown, it's worth a stop (and remains open very late). I'm not a big meat guy and you better be either a meat fan if you opt to come here. By the way, their nachos will feed four! I ordered the Steak Melt, which was pretty good, but more food that a grown adult should eat. I ate half and was full. Otherwise, it tastes like a pound of meat and pretty quality mean, too. (Much better than Whataburger down the street!). If you're in the mood for steak, or beef or corned beef or any other not healthy dish, you'll fall in love with the food - and decor - here.
Defiantly and land mark to visit when you are in Pensacola. This place has been around forever for a reason. The food is awesome. Don't forget to kiss the moose and be careful when you go to the potty :)
Let's get the bad out of the way- our waitress Misty was TERRIBLE, probably rhe worst I've ever had anywhere.  I think it was literally killing her to be there. The good: the reuben eggrolls were delicious, as were the buffalo thighs (though it should be listed as "combo of buffalo & BBQ thighs").  The reuben was standard but good & lean.  Homemade chips were bland but ok.  The potato salad has a lot of "crunchy stuff" in it but good if you like it that way.  Very cool atmosphere, every other staff member seemed friendly & helpful, and overall a good experience.  We would definitely go back (with a different waitperson). Would be a five star rating if we hadn't had such an awful wairess.
This is the only establishment in Pensacola, FL, that deserves five stars. If you are anywhere within 100 miles from here, you should definitely stop by for dinner and a drink. Plan to pay a reasonable price for excellent food and high-quality, micro-brewed beer. If you have less-than-sober intentions, the Irish Wake, a monstrous green concoction, will surely slow your motor skills. Don't drink too much, however, or you could end up stapling your entire wallet on the wall rather than the more reserved yet still highly encourage dollar bill. You could also run afowl by stepping into the wrong bathroom (you're not a true McGuire's lover until this has happened to you). As if that weren't enough, bring your running gear on Tuesday nights for the weekly 5-k that runs along the water and through the streets of downtown P-cola. Those who hang around afterwards are graciously rewarded with discounted pitchers and free hors-d'oeuvres. Bottom line: This establishment has the most character of anywhere in Pensacola.
You pay for the ambiance but it's a plus that food is actually pretty good. I can always make at least 3 meals out of the 1 entree I order. However, let me warm you, if you get a short chubby waitress with brown hair RUN. This chick is bat sh*t crazy! The following information is what I learned about her life in the hour my family and I were trying to enjoy dinner: She's been a waitress for 7+ years but she's just working there until she gets her masters in something, she was in the Army for 10+ years, she's a black belt in some kind of martial arts, she's lost over 200lbs, she has a pilots license, she trains famous MMA fighters, she also trained dogs for the military, her friend has an amazing cupcake shop that she helped to set up, she's been to 10+ countries, she has run numerous marathons and bunch of other useless BS information. This chick totally could have ruined my dinner but see seemed pretty happy chatting with another member of our party so I just drowned her out.
We went on St. Patrick's Day around  4pm. We were in and out in less than an hour. Lacey was friendly and effiicient even though it was her 2nd day and a 12 hour shift. Fish and chips dinner was an entire fried filet. The fish was white, moist and very tasty. Our dinner was accompanied by frozen Irish coffee. Yummy!
A very interesting place to visit, eat. Huge restaurant with wine cellar, smaller dining rooms, bar, and more. There are thousands of thousands of money bills - probably mostly ones - plastered and hanging all over the place. The menu is quite inviting and relatively affordable.  The service is excellent, the food we ordered was excellent. I highly recommend to go for the food AND the experience.  This place is one of a kind.
The lamb chops with mint jelly, shepherd's pie, Irish wake..... WOW! It's all so good. If you are in the area you MUST try it. Be prepared to wait; they are almost always busy.
Were seated in a room full of Notre Dame football decor, which was perfect since I'm a huge ND fan. Ordered the Reuben Egg Rolls and the Reuben Burger. Both were great and the burger was huge! Definitely would suggest the egg rolls! Had the sampler flight of their beer and was impressed with the IPA and Porter but the rest were just average. Would definitely return!
I have  changed my mind about McGuire's.  The lunch specials are a great deal.  Recently, however, I was there for dinner and wanted to give them another go on their steaks.   My medium rare ribeye steak was perfect.  The sizzling metal plate even allowed me to sear a few bites for a surprisingly long time, giving each one a just off the grill experience.  Amazing.
I'll be straight forward. You pay more for the atmosphere than you do for the food. Don't get me wrong, it's something you don't see everyday. The thousands of dollar bills and the decor are unique, and it is worth the trip. Now why I gave them a 3: I learned from a former waiter that the Grouper and Swordfish on the menu is actually Cod. Also my "Maryland" style crab cakes were heavily breaded and likely came from a can. Take this as you will, but I feel cheated by their high prices while they served me the cheap stuff.
Love this place! Been here 2 times and would come back in a heartbeat. It's unique, food is good and reasonable. I had soup for 18 cents and on Sunday's all beer and still drinks are a $1...can not beat that. If your in pcola this is a casual and laid back Irish bar that is a must.
Went here last week and it was the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant. Waitress was unfriendly and couldn't tell us about anything on the menu. She was absent and no where to be found for the entire meal. We waited for a long time just to place an order. Once we placed our order it took 45 minutes just to arrive. The food was the worst food I have ever eaten in my life. It had a strange smell and I could not eat it. The waitress was no where to be found so I could not order anything else and even if I was able to it would have taken another 45 minute wait. I would not eat here again it is majorly overpriced and not worth it.
I've moved from Florida to Nevada - came back for a visit and my first stop after getting off the plane was McGuire's!  Oh how I've missed thee!  McGuire's is one of my (and my son's) favorite places.  Great as always!!  I got the petite cut which is still an 8 oz filet - came with a huge bowl of garlic mashed potato, yummy salad, onion rings, and one of my favs...grilled tomato with cheese.  Add the bread and honey butter, a fresh brew, and it was enough for me to eat for two days.  I had the meal for dinner and my leftovers for breakfast (yes, it was THAT good).
Tourist trap with some good dishes. We were in town on vacation. It has been  many years since the last visit. Place still looks the same. I don't care for restaurants that have gift shops. This tells me to stick to basic pub food and glad I did. Husband ordered a filet but was provided the wrong dish. Wrong salad too. Waitress was annoying. I ordered the Ruben sandwich with mashed potatoes. Delish. Again, overpriced tourist food, but a cool place for a drink or if you have never been. I am Irish, so left with a neat coffee mug and fridge magnet.
I just realized of all the times I have been to McGuire's, I have never written a review. I felt the need to write one since I just read someone totally trashing it. Go figure. I realize food is subjective, like art. Everyone has different tastes. What I may like, another could hate. I never follow the masses. I like to think I skip to the beat of my own drum. With that said, there's a reason why McGuire's almost has a 5 star rating. It's freaking good. Consistently. The Flintstones sized pork chops with applesauce is a raving fave of mine. My boyfriend LOVES their garbage burger, why? Who knows? The thought of ice cream on a burger confuses me but he gets it each time we are there. The fillet mignon is REALLY tasty, the Reuben egg rolls are to die for, and their nachos are the size of a 6 month old baby. Worth a try. You definitely dont need to be drunk or hammered to enjoy this place, but of course they do have amazing drinks. I've actually been to Dublin before and I think a true Irishman would be proud of this place. Even tho the millions of dollars hanging from the ceiling is its famous trademark, its the only thing I dislike about this place.  It's the anal compulsive in me I guess.
Check out the Boys ... garlick mash potatoes  deep fried and served with choice of dips (hint: great on its own)
Call me crazy, but I didn't like the decor--felt like a bad acid trip.  But the food is really good.  We had the huge smoked gouda burger with fries and the naked fish diet plate--yummy!  The bread pudding was beyond excellent.
Food was great as usual. Service was rushed, but still friendly.  Homemade root beer is delicious. We got Boxtys: yummy!!   The 18cent soup is decent and you can't beat that price.  I got a rueben which was ginormous and I could barely eat half.  My husband got the Steak/mushroom pie and it was very good.
If you are searching  for the perfect burger, you cannot get here quickly enough. I dont trust a place that wont cook a burger less than med well, and McGuires is proud to make a rare (by request, of course)burger out of what tastes like tartar quality meat. There are few places that stick around as  long as McGuires and  not only maintain reputation but exceed standards year after year. In addition to being the epitome of an absolute ambiance experience(over a million dollars pinned on the ceiling and walls, moose busts, irish themed rooms and an actual wine cellar), the staff seem to go out of their way to make  each of my visits a treat. I just had a mushroom swiss burger and a glass of wine. How many meals can you say were sooooo good that you had to close your eyes while chewing? This was one.
I always have a great time here. They have really good food and the atmosphere is perfect if you like busy and fun places. Best steak in town so far! (I haven't had Jackson's yet) I've had their steaks several times and once they overcooked my steak but without hesitating the server brought me a new one done at the right temp and the manager came to verify that it was done perfect. Overall great service, great atmosphere, and great food. Oh before I forget, their loaf of bread is amazing! Melts in your mouth, so buttery...
It's one of those places you should at least visit once in your life. I came here way back in the day with a fake ID and thought it was cool. By now I think it's up to $750K of singles hanging from the walls and ceiling (the IRS counts it annually). They serve the same recipe soup as when it was a soup kitchen in the Depression (or some story like that) at the same price. The menu is over priced especially for Florida but then again you go here to say you've been. On the plus side the food is plentyful and tasty. Again, just my observation the eye candy is the same as most Irish Pubs ... well it's like in Ireland .. drunken dudes. (sorry the $$$$ roll over doesn't work for me .. it's actually $$$)
Mcguires continues to be my favorite place of all time. They have mastered a perfect dining experience in my opinion. I can't think of one bad thing about this place...well worth the wait if its busy. I try to order different things each time I visit..its one of the few places I can confidently order something I never tried. I do believe when I go to Mcguires I get above and beyond what I pay for. There's nowhere else like it!
I love this place!  The steaks are awesome.  Because it's a little pricey for my budget, I only go here for special occasions...probably 1-3 times a year.  This is such a fun place to eat.  For a while, it was tradition to come here during St. Patrick's Day.  Very fun time, but the line to get in is horrible!
My and my husbands all time favorite restaurant ever. We are planning on visiting pensacola in vacation just so we can eat at McGuire's again!! Absolutely everything is just so delicious and amazing. The burgers are awesome, the pasta is wonderful, the prime rib is to die for, brunch is my favorite!!!! Their bloody marys are the best I've ever had. The steak and mushroom pie is mg favorite thing on the menu. The shepherds pie is amazing too. My husband's favorite dish is the brewers sausage plate that is served with your choice of a house brewed beer. I'm not a fan of their beers. You seriously can't go wrong here and if you're in town you absolutely have to visit McGuire's. The atmosphere alone is worth it!!!
Extremely fun atmosphere!  Menu is a little pricey for the selection, but it's good.  The staff is pretty fun too.  I wouldn't recommend the salmon, but everything else has been great!
The ambiance and decor is awesome here! We've had the Reubens, burgers, oyster poboys, Irish wakes, Irish coffees, skinny fish plates, calamari and boxeys. All were great. Make sure you walk around the restaurant and take in all the neat decor. Oh yeah and take notice to the signs when you go to the bathroom so you don't walk into the wrong one....
Unbelieveable ... Service is tops ... Food is awesome ... Beer is well crafted and the meat is deeeeeelish!  My family had an awesome time
The Ruben eggrolls were alright but the fish and chips weren't that good. The ambiance dark and a bit filthy, has a bit of a moldy smell. Customer service was ok.
Awesome burgers.  Huge portions.  You can go get an appetizer and split your main meal.  I love McGuire's!!!!
Ok. So here's the thing. I hate places like this. But seeing as a friend wanted to go for lunch & it was our day off. I said ok. Funky, dingy interior with thousands & thousands of tagged dollar bills plastered to every inch of this place made me question the cleaning habits of it's employees. @ this point I'm getting really nervous. But low & behold they actually brew their own beers on premises & have a butcher. Excellent. My friend got the fillet & I had to sample an IPA ( which was good) & the classic burger. My friends fillet was actually seasoned well & cooked perfect. My burger was a tad over med rare & a touch dry but was pretty darn good. Only had to add a pinch of salt to round it out. House ground & hand formed patty was a monster. Ate about half. All in all I kinda like this place. Oh & they brew their own root beer. Worth a stop if your in the area.
I like this place.  Especially like the wine room seating and watching people go in the wrong restrooms.  The shepards pie is awesome!
This place was a lot of fun. From the dollar bills on the ceiling to the staff. There was a bit of a wait and we had 9 people. Went to the bar and got some drinks. I got the key lime martini even though they had margaritas on special. The kids got drinks in to go souvenir cups. We got seated fairly quickly. We had a private table that had a spinning thing on it so you could easily pass things back and forth. Our waitress was very attentive And friendly.  We got calamari for an app and I got the Reuben for dinner. I could only finish half I was stuffed. They bring you unlimited amounts of bread and honey butter also. Would definitely recommend.
McGuire's is a must visit when in Pensacola. The food is good but the experience gets it the 5 stars. portions are way more than you need and well prepared. Bar and entertainment are the real deal when it comes to Irish Pubs. Go and enjoy!!!
All I can say is "Ew". I swear that about 10 years ago - really, it's been that long since I left Pcola??? I digress. It was better than this my friends. You still get heaping portions and large pours of libations but a heaping portion of crap is still crap. I got the French onion soup and it was cold, cheese was not melted, and the broth was so bland and clear it could have been scooped from the banks off Blackwater River. My mom got the gulf shrimp salad and while the shrimp was good, they were coated in about half a gallon of "remoulade" (aka 1000 island dressing). Yuck!!! For all you native Pensacolians and visitors, please. avoid this place. It's good for a beer with some friends. The interior is kinda cool with all the tchotchkes and dollar bills, but if you want a good, yummy meal, Molly McGuire will do you wrong. :(
Great place to have a dinner and maybe a few drinks afterward. Alot of people who live here chalk the place up to being just a touristy hotspot, but I can't keep from going. The great service and the great food have made me a regular.
When we arrived at the airport in Pensacola, we were picked up by the family we were there to visit.  Hungry, it was suggested we go to the amazing place called McGuire's Irish Pub.  Sounded fine, but made more enticing by the fact that they also brew their own beer. This is a very unique establishment.  Large building and every square centimeter of the ceiling you will find dollar bills hanging.  Odd and quite dirty if you think about it, but they seemed to be secure enough to the ceiling.  My fear was that one would fall onto my food!  I'm guessing that never happens, though. They brew some good beer.  You can start off with a flight to try them all.  I like that it's brewed right there and it's just part of the whole experience. The menu is absolutely huge.  They have some unique and even crazy burger ideas going on, so you can be adventurous with your beef if you so choose. I went with a Reuben based on suggestion.  It was enormous.  Too big, actually.  Not because I could barely eat half, but because the meat to sauerkraut ratio was off.  Too much meat throws the balance off on a Reuben, and I don't care for that.  The flavor of the individual components was very good, just not the right ratio.  It came with fries, which were quite good. Burgers are 3/4 pound, that's a lot of meat.  In fact, portions for everything are gigantic.  You could easily share about anything on the menu with another person and be very satisfied.  With my Reuben, I had a snack for two more days. The prices aren't astronomical for the portions you get.  They're very reasonable in fact. It is very loud in there.  It's hard to carry on conversation.  Service was good, but not exceptional.  Some servers looked frazzled and rushed.  It was a Saturday late afternoon, and it was busy. Given the fact that we went there after flying and traveling 1000 or so miles, I was tired and starving, that might have factored into my lesser rating of McGuire's.  It is indeed a good place for huge portions, and a good beer, but it's loud, dark, and has a dingy sort of feel to it that doesn't really appeal to me.  It's good for the experience, but not somewhere I'd frequent if I lived nearby.
Went here for lunch a couple days ago and it was pretty good.  Nothing that blew me away but pretty good.   I had the pastrami sandwich and it was a monster.   The service was great wouldn't mind checking it out next time at night for a couple brews.
McGuire's has long been a staple in Pensacola and there is a reason for that.....the food is delicious!! Whether you go in for a steak or traditional Irish fare you can't go wrong here. Oh and their burgers are uh-mazing! My favorite is the steak and mushroom pie that is topped with a pillow of perfection puffed pastry. I highly recommend when venturing to Pensacola be sure to stop in here.
CAUTION: you'll get drunk.
The + shit = McGuires. This place is the shit. It's awesome. Get an Irish Wake. The end.
Pork chops were good and so is the bread!! Mashed potatoes were disappointing cause they tasted fishy. Service was excellent and restaurant has a great atmosphere.
As is always the case, I went to McGuire's to have dinner with friends.  The restaurant is massive, and you can always find plenty of parking in their ample lot.  I have never had to wait for a table there. They have their own types of beers which is the worst thing about this place.  You are stuck drinking their swill.  They have some other bottles beers, but it's just Bud Light etc.  This time I tried a sampler of all their beers and really had to pick the best of the worst.  While I like this restaurant, I am never pleased by the beer selection.  I wish they would stick to food and offer some real micro brews.  If you can avoid drinking beer while you are there, do so.   For dinner I always start with the Boxtys.  These are deep fried mashed potato goodness.  They come with multiple sauces, and you just can't go wrong with them.  I eat them every time.  I also enjoy a bowl of the Senate Bean soup.  It is the best bowl of soup you will ever have for the money.  It only costs 18 cents.  I then had a Reuben sandwich.  The corned beef is stacked high, and it is very tasty.  It's a wonderful sandwich. The service is always friendly, and its a great place to have dinner with friends without breaking the bank.
Absolutely love this place. We always make a trip here when we come down for vacation. I love the food and atmosphere. A very fun place. Definitely an experience in dining. And a great one at that.
McGuire's is a fun pub with great Navy aviator history and Irish thematics. The food is good--although the Irish steak and mushroom pie was a little salty for my taste. I did very much enjoy their beer flight, which is pretty decent for the area. The best aspect of our night was the service from waitress Krystal O. This gal absolutely rocked the service and kept my table entertained all night long for our birthday party. Props to Krystal for amazing service!!
My wife says they have the best corned beef and cabbage around.  I think my homemade version is just as good...but McGuire's can't be beat for overall experience.  They brew their own beer AND root beer!  The appetizer sampler was amazing, especially the buffalo chicken and potato skins.  The drinks were excellent, and the atmosphere is the best around.  Don't miss McGuire's!!!
Reservations suggested, but not required.  I like the bigger, newer McGuire's in Destin better, but I guess this Pensacola one is the original. I liked our waitress, Krystal. I give 'em a four and a half.
This place is awesome! An Irish pub in Florida? Yes. Effing yes. Traditional Irish folk music: check! Microbrewery: check! (Both the porter and stout were delicious!) Traditional pub food: check! Quality meat/steaks: check! What else do you need? It. was. perfect.
Amazing Celtic cuisine! It's hard to think of the Irish as a group of people who bring a lot to the table when it comes to fine food.  This place has really managed to do a great job. I started with buffalo chicken thighs (not a very Irish dish). Boneless perfectly cooked chicken tossed in a spicy delicious cayenne sauce, why is it we are still eating wings everywhere else.  I followed with the famous "18 cent Senate bean soup" delicious!  I believe I tasted a hint of beer.  Following the soup I enjoyed a very large portion of traditional lamb stew, packed full of chunks of tender lamb.  Most places would fill it with potatoes, not here. This place makes a variety of craft beers in a very unpretentious way...I had one of each and highly recommend the red beer. The service was flawless, thank you Susan!
I always order the filet mignon, it's delicious. All other items are too huge for me. I like the spinach n artichoke dip n the pumpernickel bread. The atmosphere is unique n fun. Whenever we have out of town guests, we take them here. The bathroom is different, be careful!
Really not into this place. A huge tourist trap that's very crowded with mediocre food. Bouillabaisse was really sour. The steak and mushroom pie looked terrific but was very bland and came out cold.
If you're visiting Pensacola Beach be sure to take time to stop by McGuire's on a rain day!  This place is excellent with atmosphere and a ton of fun.  The garbage burger is CRAZY fun for a prank.  Good food, reasonable prices.
This is my new favorite restaurant! It's a shame that we live 600 miles away!!! If you are a local or a traveler, it's a MUST DO! Try the Irish Wake- it'll knock your socks off! The Irish Stew and Corned Beef sandwich are delicious. The senate bean soup is incredible at 18 cents.
This is a favorite destination for a really good meal when we are in Pensacola.  If you want a nice meal, this is the place to go for excellent food.  Took the boy here for his birthday this year, and two years ago for a summer trip.  We are addicted to boxtys, which are fluffy balls of mashed potato rolled in panko bread crumbs, then flash fried.  OMG!  How good is that?  Their pub fare is great, including the beef and potato pie-and this year I had their fried shrimp, which was fresh from the ocean and crispy.  Service was excellent as always.  Be prepared for a wait even if you get there at 4:30 in the afternoon, though being that early helps.
Can't say enough great things. Service was amazing. Food was great and portions huge. Had the potato skins they were delish. Both got burgers and they were huge! The brewed root beer was tasty. Was tempted for the brownie sundae but would have been comatose. We'll be back for sure!
My experience seems to be the converse of what everyone else had here.  Great service, frustrating food experience.  A giant blonde hair in my bean soup, and my shepherds pie was literally ice cold in the center when it got to me.  It came out really fast, so I seriously think they forgot to cook it or didn't cook it all the way through.  Once they brought it back out, it was slap your momma good.  Some regulars made it a point to talk to me and say my experience was the exception and not the rule, but I'm just reporting how it went.  I'd give it another shot if I had more time in town.  All in all, I think mcguires is good, but my visit was what it was.
Omg! Came here today with a friend and we had a great time. Or server was Michelle and she was absolutely awesome! She knew all about the menu and specials. We had the mussels for our appetizers which were great! We had the corned beef and cabbage and the 14 oz. NY stripe steak for our entrées. And of course you can not come here and not have an Irish Wake. Great time and great food. We'll be back soon for sure.
Drove from Perdido Key. It was so worth the 20 minute drive. We ordered a bunch of food - a black and bleu burger, a nacho burger, bean soup, boxties, fish and chips and bread pudding. all of it was freakin' fantastic. The burgers were as big as your face (my two boys and I shared one). The bean soup was flavorful and a must have at 18 cents a serving. Fish and chips were perfect with their perfectly crispy batter and malt vinegar. Boxties were hot, cheesy, yummy mashed potato goodness - and really great dipped in the guacamole dip. The bread pudding was so effin' good - seriously good enough to warrant a curse - just enough hints of orange and raisin and the sauce, oh my the sauce, sweet, HOT, with just enough of a hint of booze. My food baby is a sight. We were there during happy hour - $1.68 for giant mugs of beer? yes, please. We tried a porter, a raspberry wheat, the hefeweizen, and the red. All were really palatable. Kids adored the home-brewed root beer, and I appreciated the fact that there were free refills on it. Walked out, all completely stuffed to the gills for less than $50. Can't beat that. We will definitely be adding this to our list of must go-to places when we visit the Pensacola area again.
Absolutly wonderful experience!! Wait is always long because it's a great place but totally worth it!!! Must go to mcguires!!!
The second level, outdoor, bar was a great place to hang out. The band was good and the Irish Wake was amazing. Also, no cover.
Some of the best fish and chips I have ever had and our server Tiffany was wonderful would make this a must go when in Pensacola Florida.
The burgers are gigantic & delicious.  I love the fries.  I also love the corned beef egg rolls.  Definitely go here.  Buy an Irish Wake (dont't worry about the color it's delish & you get to take the cup home), order some egg rolls, a burger, and enjoy your life!!!
Ask server Sean what to order and don't be tempted to do anything else. A 17 year veteran, Sean won't steer you wrong. I can't recall enjoying a better burger and the Reuben is the real deal. Every time I'm in Pensacola, it's a MUST!
The restaurant was just off tonight. Brought some out of town friends and I was just simply embarrassed by the food quality and service! I know that everyone has an "off" night, however this was a train wreck.....I hope this was a very isolated incident....
I love McGuires! My father in law took me here and we had such a great time! Will be back in the area this summer for sure stopping by! Love the food and great service!
Fish and chips lunch deal, on top of bean soup, with an iced tea...about $10.  Huge portions, all of which was delicious.
Most like my favorite true pub to go to when I'm here at home. When that pub grub craving hits me and I'm not in the U.K. The I'm on my way here. If you want fine dining or just standard pub fare this is the only place to go. Try the prime rib here and you'll never eat one any place else again. Just make sure to save some room for after dinner to finish things off with an Irish coffee!
Another fantastic Restaurant. This place is alot bigger then it looks from outside. It has a rustic Irish pub look to it. They have an extensive food, vine, and alcohol selection. The staff is very courteous. The service was quick. The food was fantastically delicious . You got to try this place.
Food is always great, the atmosphere is better.  I give few five star reviews and they deserve it.  I have been coming here on and off for twenty five years, during my time in the a navy.  mcguires never disappoints.  Great beer, a great crowd, usually of young patriotic Americans starting their careers in the navy.  Polite, great service.  I love this place.
About as good as it gets anywhere! Leave your signed dollar. Order a beer flight. Order a ruben. The portions are crazy huge so plan on a food coma when you leave. It's the perfect time to go veg out on the boardwalk on the beach. Now THAT'S a plan!
I had the first date with my now wife 15 years ago at McGuire's and its just as cool now as it was then. Its a local attraction that every tourist needs to see/taste at least once during a visit to Pensacola. The food is always good, and the atmosphere is like no other. If you like steaks, they are a must here because they are VERY large, fresh and cooked to perfection (any way you want it). Stay away from common beers (Bud, Miller...) and try a brewed-in-house Ale. You will thank me. Cheers!
A tourist trap, but the best Rueben I have had in years!  Outstanding food.  Every dish we got was awesome.  The astmosphere is great, but we ate in the bar area to get the full effect.  "Red" was our server and she was very attentive, fun, and professional.  I wish I would have found this place earlier because I would have eaten there almost every meal during my trip!
This is a lesson we've learned over and over: Don't put too much stock in customer reviews when the place being reviewed is way more show than go.  Invariably, people confuse what a rollicking good time they were having, with the quality of the food and service. Anyhow, we fell for the high Yelp* ratings on our last night in town.  And what we got was crappy local beer, so-so food, and a waitress who worked so hard to sell us shit we didn't want, we fully expected we were going to have to "meet her manager" (a la hard pressure car sales) before we'd be allowed to leave.  Plus she walked by and snatched the mustard off our table without even asking if I was done with it.  Is that supposed to be "fun" or what? Otherwise, people need to learn what "medium well" means when they're cooking burgers.  It does NOT mean burnt on the outside, and raw in the middle.  Plus given that you can actually get sick from undercooked ground meat, you'd think they'd give a shit. On the other hand, the 18 cent bowl of senate bean soup was top notch.  If only we could have stopped there.
Favorite restaurant any where and great house made beer. The Irish Wake is the best liquor drink ever.
This place is extremely popular. We went on a Thursday evening and had a pretty long wait. That being said, the wait was worth it. The food is above average- which is what you hope for at a pub. The portions are generous. Our service was friendly and prompt, and the ambiance was great. There was a bagpiper walking and playing. We enjoyed looking at all the money stapled to the walls and ceiling, as well as all the other cool memorabilia. We would definitely return on our next trip to Pensacola.
Awsome food, fried mashed potatoes, need I say more. Great selection on beers spunky environment. All around good vibes.
Loved this place. Great ambience. Great service. Great food. I ordered off the standard Irish fare menu and got the lamb stew. The lamb was tender and overall the stew was very good. We got the boxtys as an appetizer and they were fine. The homemade bread they brought out was delicious. Our table also had the BBQ ribs which were good. And the shepherds pie was great. The portions are huge. It says they are known for their steaks but I would probably stick with the basic irish fare to play it safe.
I stopped in to get a to go burger and got a chance to look around the place. That place is fun. The Burgers are huge, really good and they have a good number of options. The Ambiance was very cool. All the fixtures and dollars bills. I had to get a T shirt.
I loved this place! It's amazing! My sever, Court, was fantastic! I had the 18 cent soup, which was delicious! Had the Boxty appetizer - garlic mashed, fried potatoes with 3 dipping sauces. Wonderful! Then I had the Shepherds Pie, which was definitely the best SP I've ever had.  I want to try the Reuben and the Fish and Chips. Gotta go back! What a fun place!
A stop at McGuire's is a must if you are visiting Pensacola.  Great atmosphere, great food.
This place was awesome and thats even an understatement.  The waiter waa funny and friendly.  The food is in a while other category in itself. Loved the bleu cheese potatoe chips and the burgers and fries are to die for. Now for the 21 and up crowd if your looking to not feel your face definitely order the irish wake. Drink two of them and you'll see what I mean. I'd definitely make a return trip to this restaurant.
GREAT BURGERS!!!! I would not get the steak though since I haven't heard good things about it. But all of the other food was great. A little pricey in some areas but what place isn't.
Lovedit! The food was delicious,  beautiful and bountiful.  Service was great and ambiance was memorable.  I'll be back.
Great food big portions. I love this place.
For entertainment during your meal, try to get a seat near the restrooms. The men's and women's signs are on the opposite doors with arrows pointing to the right one. It's hilarious to see he looks on people's faces when they go in the wrong one and pop back out embarrassed. If you haven't tried their steaks, you're missing out.
My Jameson loves coming here to get in touch with her Irish roots - ans the brownie a la mode!
Let me first say that I did not try the food, so my review is based only on McGuire's drinks and atmosphere.  The bartenders were very knowledgeable and helpful and the drinks were very good (albeit not remarkable).  What this spot really has going for it is the atmosphere.  The live music was incredible and the whole place (even on a week night) was lively and  made for a fantastic time.  In fact, it was so good that I had to go a second night (my last one in town) in order to enjoy the experience a second and, sadly, final time.
This place is a must visit if you're in Pensacola. It seems like there is always a line out the door no matter what night of the week, but there's a ton of seating inside so the wait is usually quick. I have been twice now since moving here and both times were during big events, so it's possible my experience is skewed. The first time we went was after the Mardi Gras parade. We were with 1 other friend and I think it was about 40 minutes before we were seated. During that time you can get a drink at the bar and wait outside or you can just hang out in the bar. We opted to stay inside to check out the decor. It's the type of gaudy/dirty pub decor you'd expect with dollars and weird knick knacks plastering the wall. I went for the Irish Wake for the heck of it. Good deal for the amount of alcohol but it was too much for me to handle and I ended up only drinking half of it. They give you this AMAZING pumpernickel bread with honey drizzled on it. My experience with pumpernickel is the cardboard squares my Danish mother loves so much. This is sooo not that. My husband and I shared boxtys (sooo good! How can you go wrong with fried balls of mashed potatoes with cheese??) and the fish and chips. The fish and chips was amazing and not like your standard hunk of beer battered cod. It was a fillet and it was delicious. Overall good time. The second time we went on St. Patty's day for an early dinner. We thought it would be nuts but I guess we were early enough that we missed the craziness. They had a smaller menu that day and we ordered the same thing as last time but my husband also got the corned beef and cabbage. They forgot to give us the delicious pumpernickel, which I didn't notice until we were almost done eating and saw that all the tables around us had it. So that was a bummer. The fish and chips and the boxtys were not as good as the first time and my guess is that it's because they had a limited menu and had something to do with cooking things sooner? I have no idea but we were disappointed that time. So, based on the first trip, 4 stars. Based on the 2nd trip, we'll knock it down to 3.
Great trendy little spot. The reviews on yelp were right on. Great place for lunch or to treat a client while on business. Reasonably priced and good service. My experience was very much like everyone else on yelp. Really good... Place gets packed for lunch so come early. Tempted to get the ribeye, maybe next time. I'll update my review after trying them for dinner. This was a quick lunch. They start u off with the famous bread with honey butter. Very good indeed, not the best I've ever had though. The Nathan special sandwich was great, the white American cheese complimented the sandwich very well. Was not crazy about the potato salad, too much mayo for my taste. The guac burger was excellent, again... Not the best I've ever had, but quite good. All in all great experience.
Great staff, funny entertainment, lots to look at. The food was delicious and the drunk people were hilarious! I will definitely be back!
The food was amazing! I had a perfectly cooked medium rare ribeye with Irish potatoes and a wonderful wedge salad that was probably a quarter of the biggest head of lettuce known to man. I ended up taking 2/3 of my steak and eating it with some scrambled eggs for breakfast the next day. I've been going there for like 10 years and it was the 1st non-burger I have ever eaten there. Simply amazing!!!
Amazing food, amazing staff, and amazing drinks. As has been said previously, don't forget the moose and pay attention to the bathrooms! As a first-timer in Florida, this was the best place I could have possibly gone first.
McGuire's - home of the ridiculously giant portion! Pony up to the feeding trough right here.... Oversized helpings are just a pet peeve of mine. My shepherds pie, while good, could have fed three at the very least--ugh. That said, the food is hot, beer is cold, service friendly, and atmosphere lively and fun. My husband got a very good New York strip, my son a filet that was also very good. The kids menu was all garbage. Old looking cheese pizza and...fries? Really? Redeemed by the quarter orange, offset by the inclusion of Oreos (more crap!).
This place is an all time favorite, your gonna wait for a minute if u go ok a Thurs,Fri,or Sat night. But it is well worth it! Just grab an Irish wake while u wait or one of there seasonal brews. There are so many amazing things pick from on the menu. You must try the Boxty's!
Attended a brunch at McGuire's not really knowing what to expect but I have to say that I left impressed, and very full! They have an "Irish Coffee Brunch" which includes a frozen or hot Irish coffee and beignets as an appetizer, then you chose your breakfast entree. The frozen irish coffee was delicious. It was like a whiskey coffee milkshake--super thick and topped with whipped cream! The beignets were OK..not the best I've ever had but still a nice treat that is included with brunch. I ordered the ham & cheese omelet and BF ordered the brunch burger. Both items were really good! We also tried a bloody mary which was very good, especially for the shocking price of $2! Our bill was under $30 for the entire morning. We left deciding that we would be regulars if we lived in the area..you can't beat the value!
the best restaurant on the gulf! That's it!
What a fun place to hang out at!!  My husband and I stopped in Pensacola on our roadtrip home to Orlando and decided to dine here with friends in the area who recommended this spot! Apparently it's popular with tourists and locals since it was featured on the Food Network and the Travel Channel. We got here around 1130a on a Sat. It was starting to get busy so this was the perfect time to get in to avoid the large crowds. Placed our name on the list but they couldn't seat us since half of our party wasn't there yet. Fair enough. While waiting for the rest of our party, I ran to the restroom. It's definitely a maze getting there. Once I found it, I almost walked into the men's restroom!! Luckily some women were behind me that were regulars and steered me in the right direction. So make sure to read the signs!!! I chuckle about it now.   The restaurant is very fun and has all sorts of fun Irish themed items on display. Also don't be surprised by the $1 dollar bills hanging from the ceilings. Apparently it's tradition to sign a $1 bill and leave it so they can hang up. And they're at $1 million and counting....super crazy but a neat idea that makes this place so unique from other places. Food was good and of course centered around Irish pub fare. We started with the Irish boxtys which were rather good. Think deep fried mashed potato balls! They served with 3 different sauces. My favorite was the ranch sauce. L They have an extensive burger menu with some crazy concoctions . My husband got the hot fudge burger. Yes HOT FUDGE. It was a burger with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and hot fudge. And he finished it. And said it was good!!  I have cut red meat out of my diet so it was a little hard to find something that didnt have meat. I ended up going with the naked fish and chips which was a grilled fish with steak fries, an Irish cole slaw and a diced tomatoes. The only thing I didn't care for was the cole slaw which was rather bland. It didn't even taste like it was tossed in a sauce of any sort. My only observation was that the menu doesn't seem to be very vegetarian friendly so be forewarned. Service was very good and prompt. Not much of a wait and glasses were refilled. When we finished lunch, the restaurant was bustling and packed in the lobby area! Definitely glad we got here early . So if you don't want to wait, make sure to get here early! I can only imagine this place gets super packed for dinner.
Damn good steaks, Awesome hamburgers!!!
My wallet and my waistline are both very happy that we don't have a McGuire's local to us. This is the sort of place I could happily be a regular at. The porter is very good, and their root beer is incredible. Tastes like Barq's did before Coke bought them out.
I have eaten here twice and both times the food was horrible.  It's crowded, dark and dirty.  Had one of the worst Martini's I have ever had. The artichoke dip was full of lumps of butter?? WHY?  It is so over rated and I just don't get why people like it so much. I won't go back unless I have no choice.
A Pensacola favorite for locals and tourists! McGuire's Irish Pub offers a fun Irish/New York pub atmosphere complete with Irish folk music and dollar bills taped to the walls and ceiling.  The original location that opened in 1977 was located in a strip mall, but it moved to Pensacola's original Old Firehouse in 1982. You would think McGuire's is a tacky tourist trap with bad food, but it is quite the opposite!  McGuire's is an 11 time Golden Spoon winner, awarded "best steaks" in Florida by Beef Backers, and is highly recommended by travel guides such as Frommers and Fodors. Mostly I come here for burgers and beer.  The burgers are quite a bargain at only $9.99 and range from classic cheese burgers, black and blue burgers, interesting Hawaiian steak burgers and Reuben burgers and some oddball burgers with strange toppings such as peanut butter or hot fudge (what?!?!?!). They even serve a "Garbage Burger" that contains a little bit of everything.  I imagine it tastes as disgusting as it sounds!  Other than the burgers the only other thing I have tried on the menu is the potato skins and the nachos.  One of these days I am going to order something besides burgers and bar food from the menu! The cocktails at McGuire's pack quite a punch!!! McGuire's pours 1 1/2oz shots so their tasty double shot martinis contain three shots of liquor - PACE YOURSELF!!!  One martini is usually more than enough for me. On the rare occasion that I drink two dirty martinis I usually end up walking into the wrong bathroom door!  The Irish Wake is so powerful that there is a three drink limit on this cocktail! One last fun fact: McGuire's brews five of their own beers as well as a seasonal beer.  The regular line includes McGuire's Light Ale, McGuire's Irish Red Ale, Wild Irish Raspberry Wheat, McGuire's Porter and McGuire's Irish Stout. Brewery tours are available and home brewers even have the chance to take home some of McGuire's yeast to brew your next batch with!
Last dined on 2/22/12:  McGuires by any other name would still be McGuires.  This locally owned restaurant is an integral part of the community.  Besides its unique style of decorating it has an ambiance all of its own.  Over time I have had most of the standard menu items and never been disappointed. The Smoked prime rib is legendary and set a new standard of excellence for me.  Now if I could just get them to SMOKE THE PORK CHOPS, I would be a happy man.
This place serves 1 of my top 5 steaks ever! Very high quality food with an awesome atmosphere. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the nation!
The Reuben, the 18 cent bean soup and The Wake drink were excellent.  The burger was good.  The atmosphere and service was superb.
Best Irish place ever!!! I was in Pensacola w a group on business 4 days and we went here three times. Great drinks. Irish wake was amazing. The steak is slap your mama good. The authentic Irish selection was all good. Gift shop inside too. U must go.
Amazing food, everyone at the table was happy.  The steak and mushroom pie was one of the best things I ever tasted (its all in the sauce).  Other great meals were the lamb stew and sausage plate.
It's a really cool place to visit, just to see the millions of dollars hanging on the ceiling.  The food was decent too, and the beers were great.  Not being from pcola, I had to get the sampler so I could try out the local brews. We got ruben eggrolls as an appt...  That was an interesting fusion of flavors.  It was ok, but anything deep fried is going to be good.  Our entire table got filets too.  According to the postings on the wall, McGuires hand picks their beef, and on more than one occasion, they've won awards on the quality of their steaks.  It was definitely a good piece of meat, but it's also hard to go wrong with a filet. The atmosphere is fun, but it's dark down there.  Not a very classy place, but I guess that's why it's a pub and not a steakhouse.  This is a must-go-once type of place just to tell people you've been there, but there are way better places to go in pcola.
You saw it on the food channel and everyone will tell you to go here so you'll probably will regardless of this review.    There's like something over a million $1 bills stapled everywhere. The food is good and VERY filling.  Get the 18 cent bean soup (perfect), but make sure to order a food item or you're charged $18.00 for being a dick.  Don't get an appetizer unless you want a doggy bag.  Pretty good irish egg rolls.  Burgers are good (there are like 30 to pick from).  If you get the liverwurst burger though prepared for a sandwich stacked roughly 8" high.  My favorite part though is the service (best part), atmosphere, and the very reasonably priced excellent in house brewed drafts (like $2 cheap).  Why not 5?  I wasn't really be a repeat dinner customer when I lived down there, but would most definitely suggest it for tourists.
The best part of the night was our excellent server LeAmber. She was an expert on the menu and restaurant. The best service I have had in the panhandle yet. The food is good, and large portions give value. It was a bit dark in the section we sat in but did not draw away from the experience.
This is the most fun you can have while on a road trip on Interstate 10.  If only I had realized on previous trips you can easily take road 110 in Pensacola down to where it ends and bear east two blocks and you are there.  This place is just fun, and who doesn't get a little euphoric being surrounded by what seems like millions of dollar bills stapled all over the place!  The food was delicious but it does not have much depth for a vegetarian.  I had the potato and cheese boxtys and decided it was not my turn to drive next and had a sampler of their beers, which they brew here.  Very drinkable beer, I am sure anyone who likes beer will find one that they will enjoy.  Mc Guire's Old Fashioned Ale is especially mild and would probably please most people.  It reminded me of the ale made by McSorley's in NYC, which has been pleasing people for over 150 years!  Everyone in my group loved the bean soup, even people who normally wouldn't choose bean soup.  The portions are very generous and I think it would be easy to keep everyone happy with the selection of food available.  Unfortunately I was here during the day, I have heard it gets pretty wild at night and is a lot of fun.  I have been to Ireland and I always think there seems to be no duplicating an Irish pub outside of Ireland but this one comes pretty close.  I would highly recommend this as a break on Interstate 10.  I look forward to spending the night one time in Pensacola and having their Irish Wake drink which I have been told is lethal-in a good way!  Maybe with a few of those I will want to kiss that moose!
Oh my! The servings are huge! I was not ready for the portions that arrived at my table haha. Most of the Food we ordered ended up going home with us.  The spinach and artichoke dip was really good and I loved the thick and colorful chips. We also got the blue cheese chips and I'm not a big fan if blue cheese and these were good also. For the main meal I got the bacon sharp cheddar steak burger with potato wedges. They were good as well. All and all it was pretty good. The service could use a little help but, they stay busy constantly so I can understand the slowness to an extent.
Two words: eggs killarney! LOVE! The beer is good, it's nice and dark and always lively. The appetizer the Boxties sound good but is pretty bland. The best is their brunch...they include a free irish coffee (hot or frozen) with most brunch items! Bloodies are cheap, too! Be ware of the nachos...they are delish but really ridiculously large....no one needs that much food. Classic Pensacola. Oh, and the bathrooms can be confusing if you've had a few beers....
A great Irish pub!  If you come to Pensacola, you must go here.  The beer is notable and the food is excellent.  The awesome music and atmosphere make it an enjoyable experience.
Great food and fun atmosphere.
Yum yum yum yum yum!!!!!! Gimme a big ol steak and a couple of Irish wakes!!!!!!! I will be a happy camper. And the Reuben egg rolls are golly gee wiz amazin.
I've been here twice, once during lunch and recently dinner. The atmosphere is spacious and has its own quirk: marked dollar bills litter the ceilings and walls everywhere like a cave and they have their own brewery in view. Both the steak & mushroom and the shepherds pie were amazing and presented well. Our servers were courteous and helpful and recommended their beers. Prices are fair for what you get. My tip is to visit the bathrooms: you will get a laugh!
This is one of my favorite restaurants. I have had just about everything on the menu and I always get the 18 cent bean soup. Food and service are by far the best and the drinks are good to.
This is one of my all time favorite restaurants. We never go to Pensacola without eating here. The food is wonderful, the ambiance is a blast, and the portions are sooo huge that my entire family of five also had lunch the next day--a very filling lunch at that. Best black & blue burger I've ever eaten. The service is always phenomenal. Go if you have the chance.
Aye here's where I got the GIAnormus filet mignon!  Super juicy & tender and all the sides were top notch.  The brews were perfect.  The service was on point! We loved the acoustic music and we had a great time there! We're goin back...  See ya there!
McGuire's Irish Pub & Brewery atmosphere and service was very good. I like going there just for the free black bread loft with honey. It so good, I can one small loft by myself. I always stop by at lease once every time I am in Pensacola. Normally I would have the steak or pork chop which is always good. But I thought I would try the burger this time since I was told it was really good. We order the calamari to start with which was OK, nothing special. I do like their mussels a lot better for an appetizer. We both ordered the root beer made in house was really good. It was kind of flat but had a good taste to it. My friend ordered the chicken supreme which he said was good but a little dry. I order the "Big Daddy Burger" which was also good but a little dry. You can really taste the beef on this burger and the bun was nice a soft. The beef was not hot and there was no juice that came out. The fries were the same way so I thought that it could have been sitting on the grill waiting for someone to order. My friend knows the brewer master there and spotted him walking pass. He talked to him about fishing and other stuff. I ask him about the best beer in that he brewer there. He said it was the October Fest beer, which I ordered later. The October Fest had a good taste at the front but the favor was not so good at the back end. Over all the beer was OK and so was the food. I will be having the steak or pork chop next time and of course I have to have a loft of the black bread with honey.
Had dinner on a Sunday evening. About a 10 minute wait for a group of five. There was still room at the bar to enjoy a drink while waiting. Mixed drinks were expertly prepared. The food was amazing. A huge selection, and all of it delicious. Everything was brought out promptly, with excellent service from the waiter.
My first trip to McGuires and I can't wait to go back.  Great atmosphere and the food was excellent for pub fare.  Had the spinach artichoke dip, boxeys (fried potatoes), bean soup (very good), the Shephard's pie and a root beer.  At first bite the Shepard's pie was sort of bland, but the more I ate, the better is tasted.   The bagpiper was on hand playing every 15-20 minutes, which only enhanced the experience. Left a signed dollar bill on the ceiling, as is tradition.  Great was to spend my 52nd birthday.
When I make it back there, I will be stopping here within my first 24 hours!  This was THE best Irish style pub I've ever seen, great atmosphere, great service, great food!  A little pricey, but very well worth it.
I have to say that I was intrigued by the amount of $1 bills that was hanging from the ceiling and seemingly wallpapering the walls.  The waitress said that it is estimated by the IRS every year.  Right now, there is approximately 1.8 million dollars hanging there!  Incredible!  Onto the food....I love steak so I was thinking that for $31 for a steak, I would have gotten a great steak.  They boast of having the best steak in Pensacola.  I waited with anticipation only to be disappointed.  I ordered it medium and yes, it came out medium, but the char on the entire outside of the steak really took away from it.  Don't get me wrong.  It was a good steak but for $31, I was expecting a GREAT steak.   I have had better steak at my own house.  The root beer was good though.  I think I've been there, experienced it but wasn't impressed enough to return to McGuire's.  There are too many other great steak restaurants to choose from in Pensacola...like Hemingways!  (THAT is awesome filet mignon!!)
Hands down THE best restaurant for 1,000 miles.  Everything on the menu is good.  The live music is great.  The servers are friendly.
I heard good things about Mcguires so I was disappointed to find out otherwise back in July. The first thing I noticed when I entered was the smell, which I can't quite describe other than it was not pleasant. There is money hanging all over the walls and ceiling which to me seems a little dirty. All that money hanging is constantly collecting dust and I'm sure is not cleaned since I am not sure how you clean bills. I must say the food was good. I had a steak and a beer. The server was friendly and attentive. The worst part was that after dinner we joined some friends at a table for drinks... While we were sitting, a cockroach fell from the ceiling onto our table.There was a hole in the ceiling in which a light fixture should have been. Our one friend screamed a little and we all backed away from the table as the roach was running around. The server came over to try to catch it with a napkin. Instead of apologizing or offering to comp something, the server said "this is Florida, there are roaches everywhere". While I understand bugs are everywhere, they should not be falling onto our dinner table in a restaurant, and that certaintly should not have been the response we got. You can be sure that there are more than just one roach in that establishment. While I am disgusted with the roach on our table, I think how it was handled is what bothers me most. I have a background in the hospitality industry, and this is very unacceptable. This establishment should have done its best to keep a post like this to be written and tried to save a customer.. instead we were disregarded- perhaps because we were a group of young professionals. If an establishment is not appalled by roach falling on a table of their customers, I'm not sure I want to know what else they let fly behind closed doors.
Speechless
Best food we had a week at the beach.  Can't wait to go back.
Building a house makes one hungry, so our group decided to get all dolled up after day one of house building and head out to a night on the town. Since we were a big group (there were 17 of us total), we got there early, around 5, so that we could all be at tables next to each other. Our waiter was awesome! He knew the menu forward and backwards. Added bonus: he was from St Louis & a Cards fan. But I digress. Some of the people at my table ordered the Reuben Eggroll Appetizer: Homemade Irish Eggrolls with Corned Beef,Sauerkraut and Swiss Cheese. Served with Thousand Island Dressing for dipping. It was so good! It was Reuben heaven. So the waiter was telling us about how Chef Emeril had stopped by a few weeks back and was raving about the Yellow Fin Tuna Steak and loved it so much that he had to get seconds of that bad boy. Well, if it is good enough for Mr. Lagasse, then it was good enough for me. You can get it prepared rare, medium, or well done. I had it prepared medium well. It was melt in your mouth amazing. The Yellow Fin Tuna Steak consisted of: AAA Grade Tuna, Sesame Encrusted and Chargrilled with a Wasabi Buerre Blanc Sauce. Oh my gosh. That Wasabi was on fire. It brought it together. As if the app, Irish Honey Black Bread with Pure Butter, Green Salad and Tuna wasn't enough, I decided to try the  HOMEMADE BREAD PUDDING with Bushmills Irish Whiskey Sauce. Apparently it is an Old Irish Recipe and they tend to go a little heavy on the Whiskey Sauce (they warn you). It was freaking amazing. By the end of the night, they had to roll us out of there. If you are ever in Pensacola, you need to check this place out. .
Not sure what to say that hasn't already been said!  Went to both places on our trip last month and the food, service, and environment are top notch.  On par with some of the best NYC steak houses I've been to. Highly recommended when in the area.
Unfortunately I can not with a right mind give this place any higher than 2 stars.  The worst part is I am an easy to please kind of guy.  This rating is based on my experience so if you look, obviously others have had better. Anyway, My wife and I were down visiting my stepson who is stationed in the Navy there.  We were staying at the Courtyard right across the street and we were going to go there earlier but the line was almost around the building to get in.  I'm sorry, no place is that good.  We went out for some drinks at some local establishments and around 11 at night, we headed back there.   We walked in and were told to sit any where we wanted in the bar area.  There was a good amount of people and some guy up on stage singing John Volby songs.  The funny part about that is if you know anything about John Volby, there were kids there.  I for one don't mind drinking a couple of beers and laughing but kids? Come on really people?   So back to the experience, we sat down and waited.  And waited.  And waited for almost 20 minutes and no one even looked our way.  We finally had to literally grab a waitress to say we would love a drink and some food!  This is where it gets better.  So she said she'd get someone.  So she returns about 5 minutes later to take our drink and app order.  Then about 5 minutes later another waiter walks up says, "would you care from something to drink and an appetizer to start?"  My wife and I looked at each other, then to him and said, "We would love that!"  Once he started taking care of us, the experience got a little better.  He took care of us til the end.   The food was pretty good, nothing great but it was good.   I guess I would try it again just to see if it was a fluke or not but it would be hard considering the terrible service we received.  And I have to say one more thing, the dollar bills all over the walls and ceiling..... kinda tacky and makes it look dingy.
This iconic landmark and restaurant is very nostalgic to me and is definitely the spot should you happen to visit Pensacola.  Most reviewers and locals here will tell you...the food is outstanding and the portions are just ridiculous. The look, brewery, attitude, wait and bar staff and location all make McGuire's one of the best experiences about visiting or living in Pensacola.  At McGuire's it's not just your typical pub fare--anyone can find something on their menu.  If you are a steak person, then you will find the best steak in Pensacola right here.  If you like beer done right and traditional bar food, then you are going to be more than happy here.  Insane salads, lighter fare, seafood combos, "gi-normous" & legendary burgers...all kinds of variations found at McGuire's.  My favorite?  It's simple but they do it better than anyone else on the planet--their Irish Potato Skins.  Just the thought of them is making me smile.  Good luck getting a table on St.Patty's Day but it seems like everyday is St.Patty's Day at McGuire's!
This Irish pub truly has everything a person could desire. Bar seating. Open dining room seating. Private nook and cranny seating. Live music. The food portions are enormous and very well thought out for bar food. They even brew their own beer on site. Simply an amazing experience. I will always visit this pub when in Pensacola. I'm giving this restaurant five stars because, unlike most other "jack of all trades" restaurants, this one in particular truly fulfills on all levels. While nothing they do is particularly fantastic (the food quality is only OK, their house-brewed beers are only OK) something about this place just makes for a great experience. The atmosphere is unlike anywhere else.
We started with a flight of their craft beers. All were excellent. My favorite was the Stout. Very smoky flavor. We ordered the senate bean soup and bread, as well as Boxtys for appetizers. For our meals we had the blue cheese steak burgers, a Reuben and the fish & chips lunch special. We all shared bites, and everything was excellent. Can't wait to go back. This place is amazing.
My husband insisted on stopping here on our way home from Vortex Spring because he had heard how good it was. After eating here.. I'm not sure if I understand the hype. Was it because we went during lunch, instead of dinner? Was it what I ordered (a burger... Good, but nothing mindblowing)? Was it the fact that I had over half of an Irish Wake before we even sat down to eat, because of the twenty or so minute wait? I don't know, but it was a solid 3.5 star experience, so I'll round up to four stars. The bean soup was good, and so was the bread. I wish they had more traditional Irish items on the lunch menu, but no such luck. The Irish Wake was a highlight, but be warned - it's strong, and tastes like it. I enjoyed it, but I'm a fairly recent college grad, so my taste buds still haven't fully acclimated to "real adult" drinking. At least I got a sweet jar out of the deal?
Great food, unique experience. Tourists should definitely put this spot on their itinerary.
I was in the USA visiting my mother over xmas and doing a bit of genealogy research. We were well pleased to come across this place. In the land of chain fast food, this place is an oasis in the desert. They brew their own beers, we went there twice in the two days we were in Pensacola ;) I had a pilsner the first day and shared potato skins with my mother. I had my heart set on a Reuben sandwich but the skins portion was so huge we were both full. Not to worry, I had the Reuben the following day with their ale. Excellent stuff!!! It's a very busy place, the décor, the signs for the toilets are misleading as it says "gents" with some sort of circle with an arrow pointing to the door next-door, which I failed to see the first time. I nearly scared a woman out of her skin, I was quite embarrassed but the staff got a good laugh at my expense...
You must go this restaurant! 18 cent bean soup is awesome, fun atmosphere, great food! You will want to share a meal, alot of food for 1 person. Always excellent service too!  Never disappointed!
Loved it. They say you can't come to pensacola without going to McGuire's. They are soooooo right. The 28 bean soup. Freaking amazing and I haven't had bean soup since I was a child because my mom made me. Then had Benets which are basically my new favorite (pastry?) ever and a 6 egg ham and cheese omelette because I could and it was also super delicious. I have no idea how I managed to get out of there and walk around but if course no brunch is complete without mimosas and a complimentary Irish coffee right before leaving. I had a frozen one and drank about three sips before realizing that it was too frozen to drink. The hit version though was very warm. They make those Irish coffees really strong. I hope to come back for dinner time and drink properly. They brew their own beer there and I tried a bit of the dark brew. Very good.
Awesome! Very busy but worth the wait.
We had a great time here, the abundance of dangling dollars make me feel a bit claustrophobic and the feeling i was standing in a huge fire hazard was odd but i understand the appeal.   We waited over 1 hour for a table.  The Bar was ridiculously crowed!   With a 2 year old in tow it was difficult to get an adult beverage and keep and eye on our dude.  But the bartenders were nice when they noticed us and offered popcorn as a side.  The house brew was nice, but i don't have a favorite yet.  I wish they had a second temp bar outside or maybe one of the 6+ hostesses could have taken our drink order while we waited.  When we finally were seated in a booth I began to relax as there was more space to spread out.   The waitress was nice but her apron/skirt was filthy.  Our service was a bit slow but it was a packed establishment.  We ordered:  the prime rib, the pork chops and the kids mac all of it was amazing!   We will go back but I hope to avoid the rush.
Best steak I've ever had, overwhelming portions
Been here a few times before, had their burgers, which were good. But this evening i decided to have some steak. Steak is definitely over priced. Came on a Monday night. ($2 Margarita Monday.) it wasn't busy at all, our service was REALLY slow. our dinner was over a hour long just for a burger and a steak. Asked for my steak Medium, came out well done and dry. Only thing I will give them, their alcohol is super strong!!!
I was in Pensacola for a wedding and was told I must visit this place.  Of course I didn't resist going to a PUB SLASH BREWERY.  We went there the night before the wedding for some drinks and a late night snack.  The bar was very crowded but some nice people gave us their seats - we ordered the wings and initially they were great.  Then they were pretty warm.   Then they were hot.  Then I started to cry.  And I definitely enjoyed it.  I was enjoying my pint (some form of an IPA - hop head here) and didn't want to chug it, so I ordered two vodka clubs so I could cool myself off.  Did the trick, and went back to my wings.  The next morning we went there for brunch (heard about the bottomless champagne and gigantic serving sizes).  We went, we sought, we got DEEEEERUNK.  The eggs benedict was amazing, my husband got the steak omelet which literally had 8 oz of tenderloin in it.  This was a great experience.
Must visit while in Pensacola. So fun and food is great. Please drink the Irish Wake. You won't regret it.  Long Long waits on weekends and parking is terrible. Worth it though.
This place is a must see if you're visiting Pensacola. Very fun and everything you want out of a restaurant experience. Although the wait is ALWAYS long, it's worth it!
McGuire's is everything I was expecting based on the reviews I read/heard prior to my visits. The place was packed both times and the wait time was not short. It was mostly worth it, though. The food is great. The service is good. I just didn't care for the waiting. I know it's hard to blame that on a restaurant but it does weigh on my mind as I write this review.
foods pretty good here but its definitely more of a place if you want to go out for drinks.  we ordered the angus steak burger... and we got almost 1 lb of meat... the rootbeer float was more ice cream than rootbeer.... but order the alcholic drink called the "Irish Wake" and you won't be disappointed.... lots of liquor in it and it tastes yummy! plus you get to keep the mason jar its served in....
I love this place! It is the most unique and entertaining place in Pensacola! The atmosphere is unlike any other! All of their food is absolutely delicious! Especially their black bread, hamburgers, and root beer. Every one in town loves it! The staff is always friendly and it is a tourist must! You have not fully experienced Pensacola until you have been to McGuire's!
Great steaks, Wakes and service! Nachos are HUGE enough for 4 people to share.
Delicious filet and great service!!
Went on a Sunday night and the place was pretty full. They have a distillery so fresh brewed beer and it was .99 a cup that night. Woot woot. But I had the Reuben eggrolls with a side of thousand island dressing ( wow yum) and the 18 cents bean soup... Yeah you head me under a quarter for the soup. Bot were excellent. I added heat to my soup cause I like spicy. My husband had the big daddy burger and it was huge. I took a picture of it hit the picture don't do it justice. The homemade rootbeer was great and they had live music too. The guy actually interacted with the crowd and he tried to get my daughter to kiss the mood head on the wall. I guess its tradition. They had thousands of one dollar bills hanging from the roof everywhere. The decor was amazing. This was a great place must try. It was a little pricey if you get something other than a burger but I would have to say it was worth it.
Kiss the moose! Kiss the ass! Drink and live it up at this Irish Pub. Don't forget to bring your friends. Be sure you leave your little piece of history in the form of a dollar bill on the wall. An Irish Wake is a must for first timers and regulars. Definitely a MUST GO!!!
NIce menu, great atmosphere.  Good food.  A little touristy but you would expect that!  I recommend you try it.
This place was delicious and I almost needed to be carried out! The boxtys are good but the sauces they come with are amazing! You also have to order the 18 cent bean soup, I mean why not its only 18 cents! It's really good though! I ordered the tuna steak and it did not disappoint! The sauce that came with it was wasabi based and was just spicy enough to keep the taste buds intrigued! The atmosphere is a lot of fun! Everyone who goes signs a dollar and they put it up on the ceilings/walls! There's over 1.4 million in one dollar bills!! Also make sure you kiss the moose before you leave, it's a mcguires tradition!!
I was lucky enough to visit the Pensacola area on business. My luck had nothing to do with business or air travel or rental cars, but with being tipped off about McGuire's! Now I've been in more than my fair share of Irish pubs in my lifetime, but this place is the BEST, hands down. The atmosphere was an absolute delight, the homebrewed pints were magnificent, but it was the food that seperated the place from all the rest. An amazing menu with food that would make most restaurants rethink what they are serving and, did I mention, it's a pub! I'll never be right again, I'll think of McGuire's and my "Irish Wake" every time I step into another.
Excellent food with genuine Irish charm! I am currently on vacation in Gulf Shores, AL and decided to find the number one restaurant in Pensacola. McGuire's was listed as number one and did not disappoint!  Service was excellent. Jared was a great server! Do not miss out on potentially some of the best  food in the area...and this is coming from a true Cajun!
If you go, go for drinks, but not for food. Everyone who visits us in Pensacola always wants to go to McGuires - understandable because it's definitely unique but the quality of the food has been awful and never worth the hour wait. The first time we went I found a hair in my burger (literally mixed in with the ground beef) and then on another visit our friend got a small piece of metal in his burger which the manager said must have been part of a grill brush. This place is too big for quality control. The drinks are a safe bet if you want to experience the uniqueness of this place, but go somewhere else for dinner.
I really liked McGuire's Irish Pub.  It had been recommended to me by several people before my trip.  I was really happy to see that it was a block away from my hotel.  I therefore didn't have to worry about what I had to drink.  I ate here both nights I was in town. I ate at the bar both nights.  The bartender was friendly and helpful with menu items.  The first night I had corned beef and cabbage, which was prepared perfectly and was served with a generous portion.  The second night I had the shepard's pie, which was as good as any that I have had in the UK.   Adjacent to the bar on both nights they had great music, including a musician singing Celtic songs on my first night.  Excellent. I had such a great time that I wanted to take home a souvenir, so I went to their gift shop to find a baseball cap or a tee shirt.  I was very disappointed with the quality of items in their gift shop.  Much of the merchandise was kitschy or tacky, and not worthy of an otherwise great establishment.  Despite the vast array of available items, I did not buy anything.   Nonetheless, five stars for McGuire's.
What a fun place! The ambience is just fantastic and plenty of bar areas to drink. I really didn't expect good food, but I was completely surprised! Very yum-o and the 18cent bean soup rocks! I can't wait to spend more time here the next time I visit Pensacola.
Apparently McGuire's is the spiddot when you're in the Gulf Coast. Known for their USDA Prime Steaks! Awards up the gazoo, featured on the Today Show, in-house brewery, staple in Pensacola since the 70's, etc. DECOR: -Dollar bills on the ceiling and walls. $750,000+ hanging! -Signs on bathroom are utterly confussing -- Yup, I walked in the men's bathroom and senk goodness nobody was using the urinal. -Saloon-type, dark, rustic and humungous inside with tons of seating FOOD -Senate bean soup for $.18! Kept the same price since 1977. If it's the only thing you order, price jumps to a whopping $18 bucks!!!! -Maryland Blue Crab Cakes - lotsa crab, little filler, fried well, and gobbled up by the fam -Moms ordered the Corned Beef & Cabbage. PILED HIGH is an understatement. Half a head of cabbage, covered with perfectly sliced corned beef, surrounded by potatoes and honey buttered carrots. She hearted it!! -Bro's girl ordered the Irish Steak & Mushroom Pie made with tenderloin tips baked with wild mushrooms in a cabernet wine demi-glaze and topped with a puff pastry that was shaped like a four leave clover. Meat was tender and crust was flaky. Wine could have been reduced a bit more -Bro and I each opted for the Filet Mignon. Steaks were cooked perfectly. Seared to perfection and juicy on the inside. Sides were okay, but nothing special. -Two root bear floats, made with house brewed root beer. Bro said it was the best he's every had. -Two Irish Wild Raspberry Wheat beers. Nice fruity ale. Total: $103.95!!!! Where in the Bay Area can you treat 4 peeps that includes two Filet Mignons + 2 more entrees + appetizer + alcohol for $100?!?!?!? I'm moving to Pensacola for these restaurant prices.
Too much fun!! Looking for good bar drinks, amazing steak, traditional Irish pub food and an all around great time - McGuire's is for you. We went here twice during my 5 week stay in Pcola and I'd go back again if I could. I hadn't eaten steak in over a year and a half and gave in here and will tell you it was well worth it. The Molly Fillet Mignon was outstanding as were all the fixings. Boxties are a must for an appetizer while you're there and don't forget to try the house brews as well as some of their amazing martinis (which include doubles of 1.5oz shots in all of them if you're looking for a real martini). Also, don't forget your creative skills so you can design a one dollar bill and staple it somewhere on the walls or ceiling to forever hang in McGuire's!
It would be easy for McGuire's to begin to skimp on quality and most popular (especially *wildly* popular places) seem to decline when popularity and customer loyalty is assumed to be eternal.  McGuire's disproves that seemingly inelastic rule by continuing to offer top-notch food and service after 30 years in business.  You won't eat and drink and get out of the building inexpensively, but you should leave happy, sated, and enthusiastic about returning. I've had burgers, the Sheppard's Pie, sandwiches, and nachos...and probably other dishes that I can't remember.  Two Irish Wakes will put just about anybody into a catatonic state.  I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious and in the "best of" category.  The meat in the nachos is what I wish Mexican food restaurants put in their enchiladas, tacos, and burritos...nicely spicy without being overbearing and overwhelming the other flavors. The in-house brewed beers are superb, with the stout and amber being my two favorites.  I've had the red at McGuire's and bought a six-pack of it in bottles at Food World and I didn't like it. The music is funereal.  If the Irish listen to that crap all of the time, I understand where the stereotype of Irish folks being drunk most of time comes from.  Last night I was ready to drive salad forks into my ears for some relief.  I truly wished hard for Bose noise-cancelling headphones.  I'd rather listen to Muzak, honestly. If you aren't familiar with the layout of the place, pay attention when you make the trek to the bathrooms, or you'll probably have to wander around a while to find your way back to your table.  And, as many other people note, choosing the correct bathroom can be confusing.  If it's your first time, act like you are checking your email on your phone and wait for somebody else to enter or exit a bathroom.  Or, just ask somebody.  I'm a dude...we never ask for directions.  Or so I've heard. Take some time to walk around and look at stuff...there is a lot to see.   The St. Paddy Day's 5K race/walk is a blast and should be on your schedule if you've never participated.  You'll get a snazzy t-shirt and post-race drinks.  I think that there's some food afterwards, but free, all-you-can drink Irish Wakes and beer is the main draw, for me, at least.  Bring some friends, or meet some new ones, because that is one hell of a party.  The parking lot will be crammed with people and bands will play. McGuire's is a Pcola institution and tradition.  Worth a trip every once in a while, but too crowded for it to be a regular hangout for me.
This place was recommended by my friend who lives in Pensacola as a "must see". Fun atmosphere with $1 bills hanging from the ceiling and posted on the walls. Wide variety of food from sandwiches and burgers, to irish-type of comfort foods, to prime steaks. Service was excellent. The entertainment, a guitarist/singer was also really good and entertaining. (The place is huge so if you are not a live music fan, you can sit in a different part of the restaurant.)
McGuire's is a cool place. So cool that there is close to 1 million bucks stapled to the walls and ceilings. I would have never found this place if it weren't for Yelp, but I am glad I did. We decided to stop in for lunch before a visit to the Naval Aviation Museum. While it isn't anywhere close to the museum (and about an hour from Gulf Shores) it was worth the trip. The restaurant is huge and very efficient. As we entered the hostess was bust communicating via radio with other sin the restaurant to prepare for our seating. Several code words were announced and we were brought to our table. The menu has many choices. We decided to start with an order of nachos and for entrees we tried burgers. The waitress did warn us that the nachos were massive, and they were. The mound of nachos was probably enough for six or more people to share. The burgers were equally huge at 3/4 of a pound, but they were surprisingly good and perfectly cooked. Service was OK, but not great. I chalk this sup to the massive volume and it wasn't bothersome. I did try one of their home brewed Irish beers. It was the Porter and was pretty good. Apparently it was also the highest alcohol content of any of their home brews. As you enter of exit there is a tiny gift shop with many cool shirts and other items for sale. The prices are reasonable for  a gift shop and we picked up an ornament and sticker. As for all those dollars, ask you server. They will bring you a sharpie and a staple gun with the advice to put it as high as possible. It is fun to do, but I imagine your bill will be covered up if you don't put it high enough. Nearly every square inch is covered. It may be a little far from the museum, but if you're in the area McGuire's is worth a trip.
Everything was awesome! I got the fish and chips and was extremely satisfied. My wife got the shepards pie and it was great too. The beer was top notch!
Hmm...  I really don't know about this place.  The ambiance is cool but the food left much to be desired. My Grandparents live near Destin and I know there's a McGuire's there as we've driven by it numerous times but never eaten there.  My Grandma is buried in Pensacola at the Naval Air Station so we stopped here for lunch on the way back from visiting her Thanksgiving weekend. The dollar bills all over the ceiling were neat, but all I could think about was how much money it amounted to, curiosity I guess.   Out of our group of 5, two of us were vegetarians and I believe the only thing on the menu for us was the steamed vegetable plate.  I ordered mine with cheddar cheese on it.  Everyone besides us also ordered the 18 cent senate soup or whatever it is.   When our food arrived, I couldn't believe how big my plate of veggies was, and it was absolutely SMOTHERED with cheese.  We totally could've shared.   It was good until I ate my way into the center of the pile of veggies.  They were COLD on the inside and the cheese hadn't melted at all under the top layer.  Not that I really cared at that point I guess because I was already full and wasn't planning on taking the leftovers with me.   I'm sure if I wasn't a vegetarian my experience would've been much different because I wouldn't be so limited on what I could eat.   No one else really commented on their food one way or the other but my cousin asked me later on if my veggies were cold, apparently hers were as well. I agree with someone else who said the dollar bills seemed dirty.  We had an air vent right over our table and as the bills flapped in the breeze, all I could think about was dirty money germs being sprinkled upon our food.
Every time I encounter someone from out of town, I tell them to go to McGuire's!  The food is always melt-in-your-mouth delicious, and we always need to go boxes for our entrees because the portions are so large.  Very exciting and fun atmosphere, the service is usually superb with the exception of a grumpy waitress we had on labor day, but nothing that will keep us from coming back.  Try the 18 cent soup, it's amazing!
I want to cry. lol.   So I'm OCD.  Its no secret.  I like things to be clean.  And upon walking in I thought the money would stop at the bar.  NO WAY.  The money is everywhere.  And the impending doom of germs from the money falling on me was all I could think of.  I was about 2 seconds away from crying. So what do you do when your bestie loves this place and has chosen it for lunch?  You take a breath, and get your drink on. I immediately ordered a raspberry lemon drop (i was thinking shot but it came out as a martini), and a vanilla vodka and coke.  I slammed the martini and felt fine.  I kept my gaze low (i wish I had a hat on!) and ordered myself a burger with vidalia onions, tomato, no bun, no sides.  The drinks were made to perfection, and it was 5pm in France, so I'm okay to drink in the central time zone that is Pensacola.   JLN got an 18cent soup.  It was beans, and tasted like ham.  It was FANTASTIC.  My burger came out perfect and I even had some fries with it.  Drunk as a skunk I forgot all about the dirty sexy money hanging over my head.  What do they do if someone tries to take it?   Granted despite it being super filthy to my standards the staff was GREAT- super friendly and attentive without being overbearing.  And the food and drinks were phenomenal.  Thank God I wasnt driving.  So I'll be back.  Not sober- but I'll be back.
Was recently on vacation in the Pensacola area and had dinner at McGuire's. The food was great and the atmosphere was very nice. I had the potato skins which were excellent and pork chops which also some of the best I ever had. I would go there again if in the area.
I don't give 5 stars often, but they deserve it. Food is always good and price reasonable. Burgers are huge for 10 bucks! Drinks are in big cups. Staff is on point! 5 stars!
welllll worth it! one of my favorite places to eat......and drink!
With the slogan "Feasting, imbibery, & debauchery since 1977," where do I start?!?   The decor: McGuire's has about $500,000 in dollar bills hanging from the ceiling of each one of the themed dining rooms, common areas, and lobby, customary of Irish tradition.  Take notice of the signs on the bathrooms; the men's room is the one with the sign that says "lady's room" with an arrow pointing the the other door, and vice versa. You'll see immediately that you've walked into the wrong one.  Doing so may result in some comedic conversation and embarrassment. The alcohol: They brew their own beers, make their own wines, all on premises.  The brews change regularly, and you certainly cannot pass up a taste of the latest offering.  Staying for a meal, oder a liter of beer in a full liter-sized mug.  Those 12 oz. curls were getting a bit light for you anyways, so step it up!  I highly recommend the Raspberry Wheat or the Bagpiper's Special brews. The food: Absolutely amazing!  The Irish Boxtys are a perfect start to any Irish meal;  fried mashed potatoes with 3 cheeses served with guacmole, horse radish sour cream, and salsa.  I had the Naked Chargrilled Mahi Mahi which was so perfect. My friend had the Shepherd's Pie which is like no other.  And the claim to fame is the Terrible Garbage Burger.  Its basically a hamburger with everything but the kitchen sink.  Read on the menu, "some of everything - it's absolutely disgusting" until you bite into it.  You may get some sour kraut, maybe some peanut butter, perhaps a pepper or two, or any combination of anything and everything.  The only thing missing was the chocolate syrup! Dessert: The Whiskey Bread Pie, Brownie Pie a la Mode, and Bash Cream Pie are all worth it regardless of how full you feel. You can have dessert, don't think of the consequences.  After a hearty meal and a liter or two of beer, loosen up that belt, push the chair out, and release some belches to get you through your final course. The Bottom Line: Starve yourself, work up an appetite, and get thirsty before you get come here.  Whatever you do, don't pass this place up. Look for the double-decker green buses packed with drunken mannequins and pull up along side.  This is fun for the whole family.
This place is very neat with all the money everywhere!  Was told it had over $1.8million!  Wow!  The food was pretty decent and plentiful.  Had the prime rib.  Chose the grilled vs the smoked because the grilled already has smoked flavor.  Don't choose smoked unless you REALLY like a lot of smokey flavor.  Also had the brownie alamode and it was really good as well.  Lots of nuts in the brownie.  Service was attentive.  Would go again if in the area.
Well, smack my ass and call my Nancy, but I really liked this place.  A bit on the pricey side, but since it's in a brach town that's to be expected. Where to begin? The DRINKS!  Ah, the drinks.  Some really nice home/micro brew on tap made especially for McGuire's.  The Chenoweth was enough to get me bombed.    The FOOD!  Big, big portions.  Tasty bar food and some pretty good entrees.  Loved the burgers. I wasn't too keen on kissing the moose.  I try to leave my sex life out of my Yelp reviews, generally speaking.  Guess I should have had a couple more Irish Wakes. And finally... the MONEY ON THE WALLS:  Way cool.  I left a dollar bill on the wall in homage to my father-in-law (who is the spitting image of George Washington).  They now have over $1 million dollars hanging on the wall in $1 bills and they have to pay income tax on the new additions each year.   Overall it was a fun experience that I'll repeat the next time we're down to visit the family.
Ah, yes...  I've been here before.  It was many, many a year ago, but I do remember the sweet novelty of drinking out of a mason jar containing an alcoholic libation.  In fact, I still have that mason jar.  It now houses coins and various other sundries.   My review is strictly for the drinks as I cannot really recall the food.  Like I said, it was many, many a year ago and I was experiencing the novelty of drinking out of a mason jar containing an alcoholic libation.  Yes, that was lovely loveliness.   So in summation, the novelty of drinking out of a mason jar containing an alcoholic libation is lovely loveliness. Thank you.
There once was a bar called McGuire's. Of which you never shall tire. Put a bill on the roof, Then kiss the moose: Irish wakes will suffice to inspire
Great, great hamburgers, I used to like char-hut for there simplistic burgers and there soft buns. McGuire's is the home run king, very good burgers, and you feel like your in the Irish pub atmosphere. Are server was quick, nice and responsive, and the Pensacola regulars provide a great people viewing factor. This place will see me often over the summer!
The fish and chips are advertised on the menu - "FISH & CHIPS Caught daily in the Irish Sea by McGuire's Cousin Nathan  .  . $10.99" What they serve you is Asian farm raised frozen Dory fish. I confirmed this with the waitress when I asked her what kind of fish was on my plate. It was obviously not Cod, which is the traditional fish used in fish and chips. Unless McGuire's cousin moved the Irish Sea to Asia, this is blatant false advertising. The description leads you to believe this is traditional Irish fish and chips. Kind of like serving bologna and calling it corned beef. Ill give them one star for the Senate Bean Soup.  It was delicious.
4 stars for atmosphere, and for redeeming itself. I'm a local, sort of, and was almost going to write the place off until this last visit. Our server, Andy, was awesome. Our steaks, ribeye and filet, DAMN! My martini- extra dirty, yum! The beers, brewed there and good stuff. I've had just about everything on the menu, don't order the fish and chips and you probably won't be disappointed. Drink specials are always pretty good, and if you feel like scraping yourself off the floor, have an Irish Wake or two...
Super kitchy Irish restaurant that's been around since the 70's.  It was a fun place, great for a group gathering.  They had by far the MOST dollar bills I've seen on a restaurant ceiling!  Visually, it was a pretty cool thing to see.   Since they make their own beer, I opted to try those instead of ordering a bottle of Guinness.   1st "Irish Stout":  smooth, sweet coffee flavors...very mild, a bit too mild.   2nd "Irish Red":  light as a blonde, nice flavor but too toned down. For appetizers, we tried the combo: potato skins, buffalo wings, some fried little thing resembling a hush puppy, some other fried thing that tasted like apple...eh, not good.  Also tried calamari....a lil better. The dinner winners seemed to be the steaks (peppercorn w/horseradish on the side) and the meat pies (steak & mushroom pie w/a puff pastry top).  The BBQ ribs were not impressive, nor the fish (a healthy option that didn't turn out too healthy when smothered w/sauce). Tuesday is $3 martini night (3 oz. booze = "biggest martinis in town").  Stick with the dry or classic ones instead of chocolate or cosmos.
My only regret coming here is that my fiance has been playing that damn Irish flute he purchased from the gift shop for three days straight!  Although New Year's Day was our third visit, it seems that every time we come my fiance becomes overtaken by Irish Idolization Syndrome.  His eyes get glazed over whenever he takes a bite into that mouthwatering 16 oz  New York strip alongside a cold refreshing Irish Stout that goes down smooth as a dark beer should.  I guess this is the same expression he sees on my face when I go perusing in the aisles of a storewide after x-mas sale or closeout.   The tavern style restaurant is covered wall to wall in dollar bills, enough green to give your skin a wee bit of an Irish glow.  After an Irish Wake or 2, even the Mooseheads start looking green.  A warning to first timers, those pesky leprechauns haven't fixed the bathroom signs yet!  The best part for me is that ladies drink free after 10 pm on Thursday nites.
Could a single restaurant have THIS much character and not be pretentious and jump the kitsch shark? Ohhh yes. It is possible. My husband brought me to McGuire's on the second night after we had moved to town. My introduction was a quaint looking place with a double decker bus outside. Walking inside, you are greeted by photos of the current Blue Angels (kinda ubiquitous in Pcola as this is their home base) and local celebrities and dignitaries. Right next to the hostess station is a window into the meat curing locker, make sure you don't miss it! You just can't miss all the dollar bills hanging and stapled to every imaginable surface. There are so many they have to shut down and count them every couple of days so they can adjust their insurance values since the dollars add a significant amount of property value. There is lots of space to eat, but if you are here on a Thursday, Friday, or Saturday when the folk singers are there, make sure you ask for a seat in the main dining area or at the bar. I won't spoil it for you but "Kiss the Ass" and bawdier versions of Irish folk songs like "When I Came Home on Monday Night . . ." just can't be missed and are really part of the ambiance and the experience. Well, unless you have children with you, because I'm a pretty salty Navy wife (my dad was a reconn Marine) so I'm used to lewd bawdy discussions, but some of these songs and the responses definitely got a blush outta me! Be careful with the bathrooms as they are actually labeled as the negative, so it gets confusing. Which I am sure is hilarious. And everytime I've been I know I mess it up and end up kinda walking into the men's restroom. On the food, because that is what is important right? I've been to many a steak house. Ruth Chris, Morton's, Lawry's, Chop House, Sizzler's. I mean for good measure I've been places, but by far and away this is the best steak I have EVER had. I've had the lamb chops - which were delicious, tender and not gamey AT ALL - and steak, and both were to die for. The boxtey's - which are more like potato fritters than a traditional boxtey - are so good.  You know, I don't think I've ever had anything here that I didn't love. The brown bread they serve before dinner is delicious, soft, and oh so addicting! The drinks are all delicious. Make sure you try an Irish Wake, but make sure you have a DD, because whoa. This place is fun and kitsch. The people are nice, the patrons are friendly. It definitely has the feeling of a small town restaurant, but with AMAZING food. They also run a 5k run every Tuesday, and if you participate drinks are cheaper. Hey dehydrated and booze make for a cheap date. It was the last place we ate when we left Pensacola, and writing this review has totally made me crave it. SUPER GOOD! MUST TRY!
I've been to Ireland, but I've also been to O'Charley's (an American "Irish" chain,) so I tried not toget my hopes up when I headed to Mcguire's. I was visiting friends employed by the nearby Air Force base, and it was absolutely at the top of their list, so how could I say no? Honestly, it's very charming, in a totally over-the-top but not cliched way. Money on the ceiling, lots of sports memorabilia - it was doing all these things before the chains caught on. Despite going on a weekend night, it wasn't SUPER busy. Pros: - Fun atmosphere - Really reasonable drink prices - Senate bean soup. Yum! - The "Irish Wake," which is a Pensacola specialty (picture a Long Island Iced Tea, but with green orange juice instead of coke) - AWESOME service. - Some semi-authentic Irish dishes (the Boxtys and the black bread were great) - Generous portions Cons: - The meat is much too expensive for the relative quality. $25-40 is reasonable at a nice place in Manhattan where they serve really good beef, but what I had? Give me a break. -  Most of the over things I tried were too salty or over-crusted in pepper (seasoning is one thing, but this went beyond what was reasonable.) Go for the experience or the ale (brewed on site!) and skip the "famous" steaks. But certainly go nonetheless.
