Fun on Palafox! Went for the first time last Saturday. Sat at the bar and had a great time sampling beer. Met several nice patrons and the bartenders are the best I've seen in a long time. They are knowledgeable about the beer, super friendly and take time to answer questions. Can't wait to go back. Oh we joined their beer loyalty club and are now eligible for discounts and extras.
If you like beer, you need to come to this place. It was almost too difficult to decide on just one because they had such a great selection! This is somewhere I could see myself spending happy hour to try out all the beers they had over time. The bartenders were friendly, and the crowd was easy-going.
Great place, great beer, good spot to hang out with friends. They do not, however, have food... you've been advised.
Love World of Beer on the weekends but even more love it on Wednesday nights for their Run Club!!  On Wednesday nights at 6pm, roughly 100 people meet at WOB to run the 5K or 10K route around downtown Pensacola then stick around to have drinks and socialize outside.  There are drink specials and Patrick (works at WOB and in charge of the run club. He is awesome!) brings free food for the runners!  It is a blast and the perfect humpday fun!
Double Chocolate Bock is all I ever get! Live music is great but deafening.
I was so impressed by this place. Really easy atmosphere where you can have fun with a group or even pull up to the bar solo. The knowledge the staff has about all the MANY different kinds of beers is extensive and everyone was so nice and professional. Special kudos to my bartender Corine for helping me find my new favorite brewsky! I will definitely be back for more!
Obviously an amazing beer selection. We really like the high end bar in the back. A go to place after dinner.
........I have been to the World of Beer down in Tampa and the first time I went I was amazed at the selections of Beers from all around the world.. Im so happy little old Pensacola FINALLY got one...The owners really did a nice job with the decor, MUCH BETTER than Hopjacks, I felt the environment catered to a more professional group of people which I really liked. It was really packed so sitting at the bar was a no go on the night we went before they opened to the public. They have live music and its Great spot to hang with friends and chill while trying all these types of beers. My favorite was this Belgian Ale, forgot the name of it after the 3rd glass(Im a lightweight) but will be back!
I went here on a Pensacola Gallery night.  It is crazy busy during nights like that.  I love the huge selection of beer.  They have a menu which can help you narrow down what you want to taste or try.
Jenna's very awesome, she found me the perfect stout... Based on my preference of porters. Great place.
Huge selection of amazing beers that you simply can not get anywhere else. The staff is nice and knowledgeable. The atmosphere and decor is really fun and clean. Great place to relax with friends. Only complaint is that I wish they served some small bar food items.
Every time I go there, I have a great time. The atmosphere is laid back and very entertaining. The staff is always friendly and professional. There's a vast variety of beers to quench your taste buds. This place is for everyone!!
Love the place! Great atmosphere. The staff is very knowledgeable about beer, and once they find your taste you will be in beer heaven! Melissa has to be the best beertender in the place, go see her!!
Went her for the first time the other night. The place had a cool atmosphere, but the beer I had was terrible. It tasted watered down, and I have had the beer before. Maybe something was wrong with that tap or something, but it's worth a try.
I wouldn't normally give a bar 5 stars, but this place deserves it for what it offers and the atmosphere. It's a chain, but this WOB is the best of any of the others I've been. They serve only beer but the selection is amazing. The recently started serving food too- which I can't say too much about since I've only had the pretzel (see photo). The pretzel is typical- but if you stop by the farmers market before you come on Sat afternoon, pick up some honey jalapeño mustard! The waitresses here are very friendly. They'll make their recommendation if you can't decide. Atmosphere is great for sitting outside and enjoying Pensacola/people watching. Also, don't forget to sign up for the WOB club!
Hey it's beer!  What is there to hate?  When I stop in, they hand me an ice cold beer. Ya might want to tidy up those restrooms tho. ;)
So I love beer and am always willing to branch out. I was very excited to come here. First of all, the selection of beer is phenomenal but the prices are a little overpriced, I think. They don't serve food, but have a select few places you can order from that will have it brought to you. A little strange. But I wasn't that impressed with the place or the service. I do like that it's an open, airy atmosphere though One thing I will say is nice is that they do give you a small sample if you'd like to try a couple before you order them.
Great spot in Pensacola to grab a beer and enjoy the downtown area. Huge beer selection (even though they were out of my first 2 choices). Always packed on the weekends and most weeknights. My advice is to grab a bistro table on the sidewalk on a summers night and listen to the band AND still have a conversation with your companion.
A fun place to hangout and catch up with old friends. Loads of beers to choose from but much to my buddy's  chagrin, they didn't have Killkenny beer....so not quite all of the beers from around the world. Chicken wings were good. Trivia night was entertaining!!!
Rarely do three syllables have such wondrous meaning.  World of Beer. They have ALL THE BEERS IN THE WORLD!  Just kidding, they don't them all, but they have an amazing selection of bottled and draft beers from all over the world and this magnificent country of ours.  The staff know quite a bit about their beer selections, so any questions you might have will most likely be answered. This is where you can find the New You.  You can get away from drinking Stella (which, by the way, is like the Natural Light of Belgium) or Natural Light, and start drinking some truly great beers.
This is a great addition to downtown Pensacola.  It is modern, upbeat, and is quite novel.   The only complaint is that they don't serve food.  Where i come from it is a MUST to have something to munch on while you enjoy a good beer.  While they may not have a kitchen staff to prepare full out meals, how about selling some pub mix, chips and salsa, popcorn, Ummm i dont know, something? Anything?   The band they had playing on Saturday night pretty much sucked, and i strongly preferred the music they had playing overhead while the band was on break.   We will definitely be back, next time maybe with my purse stuffed with some sort of  beer snack.
My complaints aren't about the beer, but rather the service. It was difficult to get any servers attention since they were all talking to each other near the wall. When we finally got someone at the bar it took her a while to serve us because she was chatting it up with the other bartender. Sigh... I would give this place 2 stars, but I do appreciate the large selection of beers and it seems like it could be a great addition to the area. Large selection of beer and plenty of tvs. No food, but they do offer a selection of places you can call to place a delivery order that will be brought right to ya in the bar.
World of beer... beers of beers!  When I'm on a liquid diet, this is my place of choice.  Tons of beer on tap as well as extensive lists of bottled beer.  The waitress are usually scantily clad and working it.  HOWEVER, they do make good suggestions on what I should drink based on what I like.  Usually Friday and Saturday nights are pretty hopping with live and loud music.  About 1/2 the time the music is pretty good.   Clientele range from the young and hip and the old couples wanting a brew or two.  Definitely heavy navy clientele, but sometimes there are some Air Force lurking around!  Highly recommended place to stop by if you are passing through Pensacola.   Wish the music entertainment is always as good as the beer.  Lots of tvs are hanging around for watching the Olympics, UFC fights, and other sport related events.
It's nice to get a good Moosehead while away from Canada, eh? Also very pet friendly
Awesome place, plenty of tv's,outdoor seating under a tent or out on the sidewalk. Service was good, and a huge selection of beers. Any craft beer enthusiast should defiantly try this place out when in town.
Went here on the 13th and didn't stay long. During the 25 minutes I was there I did note that 1. The staff was extremely friendly and attentive 2. The place was clean, bordering on spotless 3. They did have a lot of beer...from around the world. If I had plans on coming back (I don't but that says more about Pensacola than WOB) I would stop here again.
