While on a girls trip to Pensacola we decided to have dinner here.  The wait was an hour and half, we were told we could wait downstairs in the underwear bar. We waited there till our table was ready. When our table was finally ready we were taken to the table. A table next to us over heard me say the word shit. The guy at the table called the manager and we were told to leave. Just like that,  get out. We were told it was a family restaurant.  I am sorry but offering to have you wait for your table at the underwear bar does not scream family friendly to me. As far as the attitude if me manager, kicking a large well tipping well drinking table out with no warning is not only unprofessional but very much warrants a bad review. Oh, the manager also escorted us out of the place. It was very nice of you! I would NOT recommend to anyone! If you do take a chance on visiting,  please watch your language,  the use of the word shit will get you thrown out with an escort.   This place is a joke!
A must in Pensacola Beach! My boyfriend and I were visiting from ATX and looking to enjoy some seafood after our rough day of emerald water and white sand. Enter repeated recommendations for Pete's. The wait was long but we were happy to enjoy drinks at the bar and people watch. Who's in a hurry on vacation? I had the Shipwreck, their signature rum drink that you get a discount on refilling. I refilled, then refilled again. Maybe that's why the food was so good? Good seafood and very reasonably priced. I was particularly fond of my scallops and clams. I think the atmosphere is what takes the cake here, though. Everyone was relaxed and enjoying themselves, having a great meal in a no-frills environmnent. Exactly what we were looking for. I'll definitely be back on a return trip to Pensacola.
Started with 1/2 dozen oysters parmesan style.  I personally am not an oyster person, but I thought, what the hell I am at an oyster bar.  I am glad I ordered them.  I am now a fan of oysters because of this place. I had the blackened grouper sandwich. One of the best sandwiches I have ever had in my life!   Their signature drink is the Shipwreck - about $8.50.  Made with coconut run, 151, and mixed juice, plus you keep the souvenir cup, then refills are $7.50 with the cup.  Adequate amount of beers on tap. Service was unbelievable!  Our waitress was Holly, she was always there for refills and to check in, made sure we had everything.  She asked if we wanted a refill, we told her not just yet but when we drink a bit more we will have the "Shipwreck", she remember that we another drink and what drink it was when she checked up on us to take away our empty beers.
We had a great time this is definitely going to be a place we come back to again and again... Would definitely recommend this to anyone visiting Pensacola as a tourist or a local
Best restaurant on the island. I was trying to decide between The Grand Marlin and Peg Leg for best/favorite restaurant. Peg Leg wins because of cost. We have been to Peg Leg Pete's 6 times and have never been disappointed. The service is good to great, the restaurant is clean, lively and comfortable. The food is always excellent. Our favorite menu choices are: The oyster sampler (Rockefeller and Parmesan are our favorites). Grouper nuggets. Grouper supreme sandwich. We had the lunch special on our last trip which was a 5oz grilled grouper filet on fettuccine alfredo. It was delicious and I wish it was on their menu! The only bad thing we got there was the yellowtail dip. We thought it was going to be warm! Apparently it is pretty popular, though. FYI - it's tuna salad. :-) Peg Leg's is a win, I would send anyone I know there for lunch or dinner.
First visit to and I will go back for more of the oysters. I had the spicy lafitte variety, very good. The mixed grill was also very tasty - give me a few more scallops next time. Service was quick and efficient.
Peg Leg Pete's is my new favorite casual beach eatery. Awesome deck with a killer view & comfortable inside dining room.   They may be famous for their oysters, but the grouper sandwich is the best you'll ever sink your teeth into... & service to match! Great key-lime pie, too. Thanks for the recco, Matt!
Oysters are great! We had spicy lafitte! Also, the steamed shrimp hot and cold are wonderful! Nic our waiter was very accommodating and patient with us ordering! We appreciate the great food and service! KEEP IT UP!
This is another place that I bookmarked on my to-do list before we even left Nashville.  Then the bartender at our hotel told us that Peg Leg Pete's was the very best casual restaurant in the area.  You all were right! We didn't have reservations, the place was packed, and there was a very long line to get in.  But since there were only two of us, we were seated immediately.  Carmen was our waitress, and she did a great job.  She knew the menu, and she understood what interested us.  Even though the place was wall-to-wall with people, she managed to keep all of her guests happy. In keeping with my beach-drink theme, I ordered a Shipwreck.  I don't remember everything that was in it, but I enjoyed it all.  The clam strips and clam chowder were good, but were nothing to get excited about.  Dinner, however, was outstanding.  My wife loved stuffed grouper and was pleased that the fish wasn't overcooked.  I had the mixed grill with the fresh grouper and sea scallops.  They were cooked and seasoned perfectly. We took some Key Lime pie back to the hotel and enjoyed it later.  If we ever get back to Pensacola, we will definitely go back to Peg Leg Pete's!
Decided on this place because it was kid friendly. Good atmosphere that included a playground for kids and plenty of outdoor seating and a full bar for the adults. Got in an seated quickly, but I can see this place getting busy on a weekend or during peak season. Sometimes 'kid friendly' means the adult menu options are lacking, not the case here. The food was good (I had the Cajun Catfish) and everyone in my party was pleased.
We went here in June of this year. Very cool place! Right on the marina and definitely gives you the ultimate pirate atmosphere!!! Went with my family and my little brother was able to play on the playground which was right next to our table. They had a live band that just added so much more excitement to our evening!! Love this place! It should get 6 stars!!
I recently visited Pensacola, FL on business and was quite pleased with my stay there. During our 5 day venture we were able to dine at a few of the local restaurants to get  a feel for the city. Peg Leg Petes was, by far, the most unique restaurant with a great Pirate theme. The establishment had a great atmosphere, including live music, waterfront dining inside and out and 2 separate dinning areas. The prices were very reasonable and the food was even better. My colleges and i had a Wonderful Experience; and i will definitely be returning.
My favorite spot on Pensacola Beach. Pete's is nothing fancy, but what they do - they do well. I rarely get past the oysters - oyster po boy or oyster platter. It's my wife's favorite spot on the beach because she *loves* the grilled shrimp. It's my kids favorite place because the kids meals come in a take home sand bucket. There's usually a solid wait for a table. There's a sandy playground for the kids to keep occupied while waiting and there's a bar for parents. Yes, you drink a beer while watching your kids on the playground. how cool is that? There's a good draft beer selection including my favorite - SweetWater.
We stopped here to try out the local seafood on our vacation.  Our waiter was attentive and very friendly.  I'd never had an oyster before so he let me sample one for free.  It was delicious.  No one else in our group would eat them so I didn't get a chance to order some more. We had the blue crab legs for our appetizer.  They were amazingly good.  Yuengling on draft -- always a plus. I went there to scout their menu for a sampler of fresh, local catch.  What I thought would be that, ended up being all fried food.  This was a disappointment, but mostly my fault.  It does say "fried" but only in the title on that section of the menu (I went back and checked).  I wish they would make this clearer in the individual listings as well.  I wasn't looking at the section titles and was looking more at the description of the meals, looking for a "sampler" type meal.  When my meal arrived and it was all fried, I was pretty bummed.  I ate it anyway, and it was ok, but it wasn't what I went there to eat and I'm not a big fan of fried food. If I'm back in the area, I'll most likely stop in again and try out some of the fresh seafood.  And I'm getting an order of oysters, all by myself.
Good meal of shrimp and seafood attentive service and pretty good atmosphere all in all they are family friendly and a fine beach vacation meal.
Best place on the beach! Every meal is excellent from grilled, blackened, or fried! Don't miss it!
Found by mistake and what a delight.. Great service and awesome food... Recomend the Combo Lobster Seafood for two. Next time I am in Pensacola I will come back and visit.....
This is the best oyster bar I've been to. I tried the oysters fried, cover is parmesan, and raw. All versions were exquisite! The fried catfish was tasty. The only negative is the fries. They tasted kinda stale, but that doesn't take away from all the awesome things this restaurant has to offer. Great service, great bar, great music, great atmosphere. There's something for everyone! They even have a playground on the first floor.
The food portions were huge and delicious! I tried fried gulf shrimp with perfect sides. The staff was very friendly and the ambiance was relaxing. I would definitely visit this restaurant again.
Came here since all the Hotels in the area were recommending this place, and oh my god, good thing they did. Think of a laid back environment, where you have either patio or indoor seating, with a lot of decor all over the place.  This is Peg Leg Petes. We started off with they oyster sampler, and oh my were those ever so good. All my coworkers food looked very good, but as for me, and i will go into a little detail, i ordered the Captains platter. Captains platter came with oysters, crab claws, fish, shrimp, and fries, all deep fried in a light batter, but ohhhh so good.  You can taste the freshness.. Either that or i could smell the beach pretty close, which makes everything fresh right? LOL Service was very attentive.  Would definitely come back.
I'm so back and forth on this place so I'll break it down. The good: - Excellent oysters and even better when you can get them for 35 cents on Wednesdays! - Very unique place on the beach that is worth a stop for the people from out of town or people that are not from the beach. It has a very beachy and outdoorsy feel to it. heck, most of it IS outdoors. - Live music that isn't so loud you suffer. - A good bar. The bad: - Stay away from here at all evenings. Just don't do it at ALL if you are impatient (like certain members of my family). The wait is 30 minutes starting at 6 and is usually 45 for first available by 7. With limited indoor seating, it is even longer for those that are anti-deck atmosphere. - The service is SLOWWWWW. Even on an afternoon that's not so crowded, you wait a long time. You tend to forget though, after you plop some of the food in your mouth. I recommend: Raw oysters (if you can stomach it), Osyters Rockefeller (very yummy), the Grouper nuggets, and the crab bucket. The shrimp is good but expensive for the amount you get. Coleslaw is good. BREAD PUDDING is AWESOME. Bottom line: Go here if you're on the beach and want a unique atmosphere. Go here if you want oysters or seafood. Don't go here if you hate crowds, outdoor atmosphere, and slow service.
Let me say I am glad I got this place out of the way as my first restaurant after arriving in Pensacola. My girl and I both hail from cities where seafood is abundant in variety and style of preparation, her from Baltimore and I from L.A. by way of Seattle. When we order, for instance, a bucket of crab, we expect a bucket of crab, large in size and flavor, the same as when a dozen oysters are brought before us. Especially when you are paying market prices. The bucket of crabs at Peg Leg Pete's was disappointing at best. After removing the paper plate that covered the small metal pail, we stared into the abyss and finally found our pound of anemic snow crab legs. The size of the legs meant much more work to get to our crab meat, which lacked as much in flavor as the legs did in their girth. And of course, with small, skinny legs, you are paying by the pound for more shell than meat. The oysters should have come with some kind of caveat. We aren't sure if it was something to do with the oil spill here in the Gulf or not, but these oysters were about the size of a quarter when they arrived at the table. I thought someone was pulling a joke on the new folks, but apparently this was no joke. We were expected to not only eat them willingly, but pay top dollar for them as well. We have heard since that the local oysters are larger than these dwarfs, so they must have been a subpar import. If that be the case, then Peg Leg Pete's should have removed them from the menu or placed in large red print something on the order of "Bring out the magnifying glass, matey! Ye be needing it!" We ordered stuffed crabs as well which were deep fried nightmares from the sea. Mostly stuffing mix or some other kind of bready comestible. Luckily, our company decided to dig into our plate of appetizers and eat most of this crustacean train wreck. And they didn't mind drinking the bottles of wine we bought for them after insulting my style of dress. Luckily, the neighboring marina allowed us a place to bring our glass of wine and hang out with a couple of local swans, who have since  made an appearance at our local pier, where they gobbled down some leftover potatoes.' Since it should be addressed in every review, the service was not spectacular and in fact our waiter didn't know a lot about what was being served or what kind of crabs they had, etc. After careful consideration, it appears that Peg Leg Pete's was a local dive bar that found itself having to grow up when P'cola Beach and Gulf Breeze became more than the Redneck Riviera. Unfortunately, Pete did not eat his spinach and is suffering from growing pains that may never go away.
I visited Pensacola last month (but lived there a long time ago), and my recent trip made for the first visit to Peg Leg Pete's. Don't ask why, but for some reason, I mistook the place for exclusively serving oysters, until I educated myself otherwise.  Not that I dislike oysters, mind you.  I just wasn't feeling them for that night.  My friend and I went, and had a great time. The waitstaff were really laid-back and friendly, especially Ana, our waitress.  Even the nearby tables had cool fellow diners who would join into conversation, or vice versa.  Everyone was just enjoying the moment, and I like that. I ordered a half pound of Gulf shrimp, and it was like Heaven, as in little tiny angels placed seafood on my tongue and told me to enjoy, and enjoy I did.  I also tried their signature drink, the "Shipwreck", some rum filled concoction that made for good times by the bottom of the (keepsake) glass. They also have a sauce called "Pirate Sauce", some hot sauce that made the food even better.  I made off with a bottle and a T-shirt from the gift shop. I'm sure it's a high point of the tourist stops during the Summer rush, but my friend and I came during the off season, so it was much more subdued, and made for a great end to an already perfect day of lounging on the beach. Next time I make my way to Pensacola, I'll definitely make a return visit here.  It was cheesy with its pirate goodness, but I liked the vibe to want to return. If anything, my "Pirate Sauce" will run out eventually to warrant more.
Peg Leg Pete's is a solid 5 star restaurant. How can a person living in Santa Monica, CA know Peg Leg Pete's is the real deal? OK, the truth is: I'm secretly Cajun...even born in New Orleans. But, enough about me! First, Peg Leg Pete's has the distinct advantage of being owned by folks who also own a seafood shop. This means you always get the finest oysters, excellent lobster, local grouper, flounder, local catch of the week and great music. Let's, start at the top: My personal favorite (besides the raw oysters), is the Oysters Casino. Try the Oyster Sampler, if you'd like all of Peg Leg Pete's treats. But save room. Next, a cup of the gumbo is a must-have. I digress for a second. Peg Leg Pete's used to have the best Red Beans and Rice as a side. Unfortunately post-Ivan, the recipe seems to have disappeared. The gumbo is excellent and made with a real roux. There's fresh shrimp and this has always been a favorite. My favorite entree, (and I've tried almost all) is the crab-stuffed flounder, but I rarely order this. Why? Because, it's a ton of food and I've already eaten oysters and gumbo. My next favorite is their grouper sandwich which is officially, the "Best in category". The fish is fresh, bread is excellent, and there's a piece of cheese. This can be ordered fried, blackened or grilled;and, if you want to enjoy the taste of the fish: Order it grilled. Peg Leg Pete's has a really good Key Lime pie, but you better bring a bunch of friends because at this point, you'll need a forklift removal from the table after you eat this. The ambiance is old Florida. I like the back bar with the cool hurricane map. If you want to dine al fresca, there's outdoor seating and generally live music. The best is a local guitar soloist named Tim Spencer. Unfortunately, no reservations are accepted which means: 1) Eat early, 2) eat late, or my least favorite, (3) Wait in line. There's a small gift shop with about 50 square feet of air conditioned space and there's the upstairs back bar to hang out in. Peg Leg Pete's is also open for lunch and is less crowded at this time. Last, I've always had great service. I love the "sweet tea" option as the wine list is limited.
Awesome food and drinks, service was great and the atmosphere was fun! Only side note: if you go anytime after 5pm don't expect to get in quickly. Wait time was between 45-80 minutes. Other than that it was excellent.
We've been to this place several times, years ago, when Yelp was not even that famous... But our latest dining experience had become a disaster... :( Raw Oysters were ok, nothing to write about. So was their sample platter of oysters with different stuffing. That I had to repeat but not because of the taste. My appetizer was uneatable and I was not willing to try ordering anything else. Blue crab (boiled) were dry(!), tiny and lacking any taste. Stuffed blue crab were nothing but raw uncooked hush puppies - pure bread with sweet peppers and celery soaked in eggs and deep fried. They took it off our bill, though. But the overall dinner was a complete disaster... Service. Hmmm... I had to ask to bring us two glasses of water three times and remind about my salad twice. I also had to ask for plates because we were sharing appetizers. I don't like that type of service at all. I hope, one day I'll write a better update on this place because I know it can do much better.
I am in Pensacola for a short week and this place was recommended to me by the lady at the car rental counter.  I was NOT disappointed. Being a San Antonio girl, I don't get a lot of fresh seafood, but I have had my fair share on vacations if I am close to an ocean.  This was some of the best seafood I have ever had.  I ordered  the oyster sampler.  It was amazing.  I also had the combo fried platter as i knew I liked almost everything on it.  I had never eaten Grouper before and am very picky about fish.  I was so excited that I liked it.  This is a place with great atmosphere and even better food.  Next time I'm in town,  I will be back!
Place was packed, but got in pretty soon and were seated and served in a timely fashion. The wait staff was attentive, friendly and professional. Food was fresh and well prepared. Got "mixed grill" and scallops were a bit small, but prepared just right. Actually the platter was quiet well prepared, overall. Raw oysters were a treat. They were of a good size and tasted like they were just plucked out of the bed. We really enjoyed the restaurant. We'll eat there again when we go back to Pensacola in June.
We were told this was the "place" to come to for seafood.  We got in our rented minivan and off we went. The first thing I noticed as my friend and I sat outside was that there is a very laid back feel to this place.  There is zero pomp and circumstance.  The servers are casually dressed and they all have a very relaxed attitude.  I really liked that. I ordered a Sam Adams and it came in a plastic cup.  Boo.  At least it was 50 cents off. We started with 12 oysters.  5 on the half shell and 5 casino style.  These were very very freakin good.  It was a great appetizer for our meal and the combo of the fresh, briny and the baked topping with bacon and bell peppers was awesome. Next came the snow crab legs and the grouper po'boy.  I was expecting the gi-gundo crab legs but they were snow crab legs.  That was ok because I got to work cracking and pulling out the meat which was really tasty.  In the bottom of that bucket were a couple of potatoes and corn on the cob.  The po'boy was perfectly fried fish, sliced tomato and tartar sauce on a nice roll.  Both of these things were really very tasty. Oh and we got some key lime pie to take home for dessert.  I love key lime pie and this one did not disappoint. It's a cool spot and I think it gets a mix of locals and tourists.  Definitely worth a trip if you find yourself down here.
Peg Leg Pete's is Pensacola Beach's flagship seafood hangout / beach bar.  It's usually crowded with tourists and locals, who enjoy the cool atmosphere and pretty-good food. Seems like most people go for the seafood platters and sandwiches, but me and my family always get the oyster platter. They make six types of baked and broiled oysters, and you can get a combo plate with two of each kind.   I paid special attention last night to which oysters are which, since many of them have the basic ingredients of cheese, bread crumbs and bacon.  The best were the Spicy Lafitte oysters, which are broiled with cheddar cheese and spicy peppers. The other top oysters are the Oysters Casino, with bacon, bread crumbs, red bell peppers green bell peppers, and parmesan.  These are by best oysters by far, so I recommend getting six Casino and six Spicy Lafitte.  The grouper nugget appetizer was tasty, too.
We visted for lunch on our vacation and we really enjoyed our meal.  The atmosphere was nice, we sat outside to enjoy the weather on the covered patio.  We had the raw oysters to start which were very good and not too salty.   I had the ultimate grouper sandwich with all the extras loaded on (cheese, peppers, mushrooms) and it was delicious.  The size of the grouper was bigger than the bun itself.  My husband had the grilled bay shrimp wrap, which was just ok.  There wasn't nearly enough shrimp in wrap, so the lettuce, cheese and dressing was too overwhelming once you ate the middle of the wrap. Our server was very friendly and attentive, her name was Daisy and she deserves a compliment because it isn't always easy to find great waiters nowadays!  We would love to try dinner when we come back next year, the menu was extensive and everything looked great!
Im not sure what time of the day is best to get in before the crowds are out the door waiting. Even a late lunch at 2pm we were lucky to walk in and get seated, 5 minutes later it was packed. We tried to eat dinner once at 730pm, that wasnt happening. We had the Oysters Spicy Lafitte. Finely chopped jalapenos, mixed with bacon, cheddar cheese and spices, then broiled. It was OUTSTANDING. Some of the biggest oysters I have ever had. The Bloody Marys are OUTSTANDING. The best on the beach!! My wife had the regular and I had the spicy - it was perfect. I had the fried catfish. After the oysters I was stuffed. Fluffy meat, not dripping with oil - a fantastic basket. Our server was prompt and kept the water flowing, explained everything to us and was very friendly. Clearly worth the 15% tip. Will we go back: Most Definitely. I just need to find out the best times to do it
during an off season, pretty quiet...but I can imagine in the summer that this place would be a great option for the ambience.  Live music below and open deck seating up top. The menu is primarily seafood with a few other options.  Server was friendly but we were only 1 of 4 tables he had in the whole restaurant. Average food.  It's not bad but it's nothing I'd rave about.  The boiled shrimp appetizer was rather boring.  I'm not sure I'd make a point to go back there but wouldn't refuse if a group was going.  I guess what I'm trying to say is...meh.
There was a long line upstairs but we went downstairs and sat down immediately. Menu limited downstairs but food was good What's good: Band - 2 person playing music that made me feel like I was on a beach vacation which I am Calamari- good dip and only 5.99 for a big serving Blue crab claws- recommend the 1/2 pound for four people. Pricey 14.99 but worth it Oysters- 0.39 a piece tonight. From apalachicola and frigging good.  Really good. Even in september. Kind of want another dozen right now Bushwackers- not strong at all. I have no toleranxe and am not feeling a thibg bRecommend the extra shot. Or two. Tastes great. Like a vanilla milkshake. Fried grouper- big filet, good fries, taste fresh The bad: Band is a little loud Some trashy people next to us trying to dirty dance while kids playing on the playground Doesn't have the ring game French fries
It's no surprise that Peg Leg Pete's has so many great reviews. I will keep this one short and simple:  The thing that keeps me coming back is great, fresh seafood (consistently) and great service.  I usually get the peel and eat steamed shrimp platter and it never fails if I order at noon, dinner or late night - the shrimp is always steamed perfectly!  I like the funky decor, tucked away location and the patio area.   Get here early or you will wait a while for a table !
Before heading to the beach at Pensacola, we stopped here. Wait was about an hour, but it was lunch time during a Saturday. Service was good, and food was pretty good too. I had the fried oysters basket, which I liked. The baked oysters with crabmeat were alright, but I couldn't taste much crab, it tasted more like stuffing. I had a taste of the grouper sandwich and that was yummy and reasonably priced.
Was here for work last year. Came twice. I had the fish chowder, gulf grouper and ribeye steak. The fish chowder was great. As the name would suggest its kind of like a clam chowder but with fish chunks. I was very impressed at how tasty it was. The gulf grouper was good but in this case was a tad bland. I found myself ordering more dill sauce. Maybe better seasoning? I'm not going to say it was bad but not what I expected. The rib eye steak (medium) was one of the best steaks I've had in my travels. Wow! Yeah its served in a pub like manner on a basket with a peice of garlic bread but this steak was amazing. Cooked perfectly, salted perfectly no fancy tricks just great. If I'm back in Pensacola I will definitely come back to good ol' Peg Leg Petes.
The best food on Pensacola Beach, period!  I had the Cajun grouper and tried the crab legs and peel-and-eat-shrimp.  All was excellent. Did I mention the playground...let your kids play while you drink and wait for food, then have them come back to joint you for dinner.  The kids food is some of the best that I have ever seen, and tried. The grouper nuggets are AWESOME and you get to keep the bucket... and there's plenty for parents to sample This place has a great atmosphere and great food...if I want good food on the beach, this is where I am headed next!
Excellent food, excellent service, excellent atmosphere and excellent prices! I don't know if you can ask for a better place while visiting the beach.
Awesome fresh shucked oysters, boiled shrimp, crab legs, and blackened grouper!  Service was awesome too.
Gone to Pensacola, but gone happy. They have three of my favorite, kick back restaurants. Peg Leg Pete's, Happy Pigs, and Darma Blue (i think because of the TV show Lost). I just got in and I walked over to Peg Leg Pete's for some oysters and beer, and to watch the FWC try to fit in with society, the BP people do a better job. Peg Leg Pete's is a comfortable combination of bar and restaurant, to outdoor bar and restaurant, that overlooks a funky little lagoon. I'm an outsider, but I'm treated like a local, that's a good thing. I know the gulf is supposed to be inundated with oil, but that's why I'm here, I must try the food. So beer and oysters first. A pitcher of beer and two dozen oysters, that you watch get shucked! I can only likened it to stabbing a live animal and eating it. I love oysters and the cold beer just compliments them. So far service was great, no oil in my Apalachacola oysters. They always take me back to when I was an oyster shucker at Barnicle  Bill's in Tallahassee, Fl. (go FSU). Aaahhh, what a great place to people watch, another pitcher of beer please. And some Oysters Rockefeller please, which were excellent, OMG there so good. As a cu de gras, I ordered the blackend fish wrap. This is no ordinary type of fish, a huge Snapper's filet is on huge wrap, with all the ecutramonts. Snapper's isn't a beautiful place, but a great hang out.
The vibe at this place is exactly what you'd imagine a restaurant on the beach to be like.  Very casual, has a gift shop with tacky t-shirts, and packed with tourists looking for something to eat.   I rolled into this place around 7pm on a Sunday night and the place was completely full.  We had to wait about an hour for a table.  Many times during that wait I saw many tables open up, and it felt like we would have had a place to sit but for the servers who were taking their sweet time clearing tables and seating guests.   I also happened to be there during Oyster Fest, where you can get raw oysters on the half-shell for 35 cents each.  When we were finally seated, my friend and I ordered a dozen raw oysters, half a dozen baked oysters, and a burger each.   The oysters were very fresh and delicious.  The baked ones were good, but not as good as the raw ones.  My burger was as good as could be expected - not bad, but not great either.  But then again, I ordered a burger at a seafood restaurant.   Fun atmosphere, but a little loud and dark in my opinion.
This place was really cool. It wasn't even the food that was stellar--that was really just more fried bar food. The standout here was the place itself. It spread out over lots of different areas. The environment is lively and fun. They have a playground in the sand next to the downstairs bar and where the live band plays. The kids have fun in a safe, confined area while the adults enjoy drinks and music. The band that was there the night we went was outstanding. The staff was friendly and the service attentive. Oh and they make a killer Bloody Mary!!!
If I had little kids, I would choose this place because they have a great little sandy side yard playground. Then the adults can sit nearby and have a drink or some food. But my kids like to eat. We had the tuna appetizer which was a canned tuna dip on crackers. Not great. My daughter had the Mahi Mahi. Meh. My son had salmon, again, nothing fab. I had the combination seafood plate, which was OK. I asked if they had any special margaritas. No, the reply was, they are all just 5 dollars. Ugh, what a descpription! But that's what it was: just food. Not horrible, not great.
The oysters Rockefeller and the Grouper Supreme sandwich are absolutely delicious. I don't foyer get a chance to have good seafood but when I'm in Pensacola I definitely try to make it to Peg Leg's. Also, try the bushwacker if you want an alcoholic beverage. It's like a rum Frosty.
Be prepared for a long wait! It's a fun place. We went downstairs to the bar and got on the waiting list there. The only drawback is that downstairs they don't offer the full menu. There was a cute live band playing. We had the following: a couple of beers, a vodka & cranberry, a dozen raw oysters which were the BEST I've ever had, lightly fried calamari that was tender & delicious, a dozen baked oysters with cheese, bacon & jalapenos which were amazing and then we split the seafood plate of crab legs, shrimp, potatoes and corn. The entire meal was fabulous and the total bill with tip was right at $100.00. We were pleased & liked the vibe of the place!
Loved Peg Leg's! Showed up on a Saturday and it was very crowded with over an hour wait. We squeezed into standing room at the bar for some drinks to wait for a table and watch the oyster shuckers. They were friendly and funny and enough spots soon opened at the bar for our party of 4 so we bellied up and ate there. The bartender recommended the special, grilled wahoo which was fantastic. The food was great but the atmosphere was the best part. One of the guys shucking oysters gave me a free trial - my first raw oyster! - and a tiny pearl to take home. Great place to kick back, relax, and enjoy Pensacola Beach.
Got there right at 11 when they opened - packed by noon. Great service and awesome oysters - great blackened Grouper sandwich.
Great ambiance.  Very Relaxed.  Exactly what we were looking for on our NW Florida vacation.  The seafood was fantastic as was the service.  Dozen oysters = $8.99!!! Unbelievable price. Three of us shared the Steamer for Two (1.5 lb lobster, lots of crab legs, steamed shrimp with potatoes and corn).  It was excellent! We had a party of 8 and everyone enjoyed each morsel.  Will look forward to going back next time I'm in the area.
Could be A-OK, if our server cared at all. She obviously didn't want to be at work, so why be there(you work for tips)? A fried seafood restaurant, in a fantastic location. No hushpuppies? Did I mention the horrible service? On somewhat of a positive note, my wife did really enjoy the Grouper Sandwich.
Peg Leg Pete's is a family type restaurant offering mostly ho hum food that just so happens to be largely out doors and sports a closed, fenced in playground. While nothing exceptional, and the service leaves a few concerns, the prices are reasonable, but the biggest draw has to be that playground where you can leave your children to romp without much of a watchful eye as you the parent(s) eat, drink and be merry. Located on Pensacola Beach, this restaurant is within walking distance of many a hotels of beach side rentals of the area where out of towners might be staying. This is already a big deal. Let's say you're a parent with an alcohol tolerance that is not zero, but negative, and simply inhaling once or twice near the bar gives you a head rush. You don't want to drive for your oysters and fried scallops and beer if you're planning on having more than splitting one 7oz Budweiser with your better half, do you? There are many things on the menu that are interesting, but unfortunately we have discovered that while the Gulf of Mexico may sport many tasty fish, the "Southern" cuisine tends to be heavily fried, over-seasoned (and not that spicy to boot), and drowned in sugary, sappy batter. The chowders and soups are all better avoided. They seem good; you'll regret it. Expect over half the menu to require a few Prilosec as a chaser; fortunately there is a convenience store across the street to this end. On a more positive note, they offer raw osters on the half shell of the Appalachiola variety; you can't screw those up too much: huge, soft, sweet and meaty, these oysters would be wonderful for a competition because you could scarf back dozens of them (and we did) for 7.50 a dozen and want more. Yum! Their salads are also decent, but sadly the dressings are all sugar bombs that, if only with a smidgen of chocolate frosting, would be Calvin of Calvin and Hobbes fame fuel. The greater concern I experienced was exactly what might be fueling people around here. Whilst very friendly, more than once waitstaff forgot to bring us things, with another waiter/waittress long after it was ordered bringing us a plate or drink stating "oh, it had been sitting there and I think it's yours". The check was delayed once by one waiter who thought that "you're still waiting on something" when in reality a different waitperson had brought it to us long before. Enough said.... There are multiple floors and multiple bars. The waits for the regular floors are long, but you can camp out in the lower levels particularly under the awning and have some oysters and beer while you let your little ones romp on the playground while you wait for that flashy pager to ring you that a place is available. And yes, despite this restaurant's mediocrity, it's nicer than it sounds, and the prices are right hence its popularity. Should you wish it, there is live music as well more nights than not. Overall this restaurant is mediocre, with waitstaff that makes you wonder, but the location and ability to gift parents of young children a good night "out" are a huge plus. I would (weakly) recommend this place, but if you don't have kids that need to be kept busy by a closed off, safe playground that won't leave you wondering where your precious ones are running, or you don't need a place that is just next to where you're staying, look elsewhere.
We've been here too many times to count. This is the go to place when we need an oyster and beer fix, and they never ever disappoint. Alas, this time around I can't have raw oysters, so I opted for the snow crab legs instead. And got my ass kicked by them. I never learned to open crab legs properly, but the meat I did manage to eek out of those stubborn suckers was lovely. If you're in Pensacola, this place is a must. Be prepared to wait most nights of the week, but the outdoor area is so chill, you won't mind. Grab a drink and listen to the band for a bit, and you'll survive. And there's a nice outdoor play area for the kiddies to entertain themselves while you wait. And did I mention the bar for the adults to entertain themselves while you wait?
All around reliable and mostly laid back local beach spot. Can't go wrong with the many fresh and baked oyster options, and the fish is tasty. Be prepared to wait - and when there's a wait they do not accept takeout orders so plan accordingly.
Such a fun atmosphere and it was so worth the 1 1/2 hour wait.  They have a nice downstairs area you can wait for your table with a live band and a place for kids to play on a jungle Jim.  We had the crab legs and they didn't disappoint.  The service was great.
By the Powers, Matey!  Me thinks Pete's be finer than a Spanish galleon loaded w' booty.  Th' raw oysters, oyster shooters, seafood, oysters, and oysters be what salty dreams be made of.  Aye.. and local sprogs be fond o' Pete's too. Ye must try th' raw oysters, 'ass rye. Arrrh, didst we mention th' great raw oysters? Th' bonnie wench-servants can be surle and careless but when th' food be this grand... Arrgh, did I mention th' delicious oysters?  Ya can sail yer ferner ri' up t' ther soon 'n fill yer belly with seafood, grog and ale for yet a few dubloons. BTW, only eat raw oysters in the colder season, duh.  The crowds would be another reason to go elsewhere in the summer.
Grouper Nuggets are a must! Imperial Baked Oysters are amazing...and the service was unbeatable!
This is my favorite place to eat at on Pensacola Beach. Fresh, local seafood is the reason you'll wait so long to get a table, but it's definitely worth it! The drinks are great, too.
When we first arrived, we asked several different people (hotel staff, the folks that led our dolphin cruise during the day) where we should go for dinner and all of them, without hesitation, said that Peg Leg Pete's was the best place for dinner (especially if you like seafood). Now, no one in our group really loves seafood...but we wanted a true Gulf experience, so we headed on down to Peg Leg Pete's to try it out. The wait. Oh, the wait. We were quoted at 110-120 minutes and boy, did they mean every last minute. That's okay...at least they were accurate. We knew what we were getting ourselves into. We were finally seated and our friendly server greeted us and took drink and appetizer orders. My sister decided to be brave and ordered a half-dozen steamed oysters. A few minutes later, we ordered our entrees (relying heavily on our entertaining server). 10 minutes later...no appetizers yet. 20 minutes...30 minutes. Finally, the manager came out and apologized, presenting my sister with a full dozen instead of the half-dozen she had ordered. The bad part of this experience: obviously, a miscommunication either in the kitchen or from the server to the kitchen. The good part of the experience: that server tried everything he could to help my sister enjoy those oysters. He gave her multiple suggestions for ways to eat them, and after she had exhausted all of the options with the steamed oysters, he took the remaining ones off the table and returned with a fresh, raw oyster for her to try. He definitely wanted her oyster experience to be as good as possible! Now, onto the entrees: I had the stuffed grouper. Never had grouper before. It was flaky and delicious, the broccoli was just a tad undercooked, the fries were standard...the hair I found beneath the broccoli was off-putting. I HATE finding hair in my food. It should not happen. At this point, though, we were nearing the three-hour mark so I just wiped it up with a napkin and called it a night, instead of calling attention to it. The other entrees on the table looked "okay", but I didn't try them and couldn't give a fair review. Final verdict: I probably won't go back. It's definitely NOT worth the wait. I really appreciate what the server did for my sister, and my grouper was tasty, but the whole experience was very underwhelming, and I am sure that there are other (less crowded) restaurants nearby that would be just as satisfying.
Went for a late lunch before leaving town. The two of us were seated on the deck immediately. We ordered oysters as a appetizer and they arrived about 10 mins after ordering. We had fried shrimp and the grouper sandwich for lunch and both were so fresh and cooked perfectly. Our server Nic was very nice, but not phony restaurant nice, and a great server. Will eat here again at my next trip down.
Met my family here for my first night back in town.  This has always been a safe bet for great seafood.  We were actually seated immediately which was nice.  We had a great server which I wish I could remember her name to give her some kudos.  Our appetizers were delivered very fast, oysters on the half shell, two dozen!  We each had different orders and they were all delivered ontime and together.  This is as good as it gets when wanting tasty seafood that you can afford. My wife who is not a real seafood buff even liked my grouper.  She plans on getting it the next time we go.
OK, I'll be honest, I ordered a hamburger and fries... Let me explain... We had been out all day playing golf and I was just craving a burger. Plus, it always challenges a seafood joint. I was so tired that I only ordered a sweet tea, which was great! They do have Guinness on tap, so A+ in that regard. As for the Cajun burger, it was fantastic (or was I hungry?) The seafood was also enjoyed by all in my party... The place itself is a little out of the way, but it's a great atmosphere. Sitting right on the Marina overlooking the boats. Nice place, nice staff, and good seating. The only odd thing was the Pirate Sauce... Not a fan. I'd be interested to know what it should go with. Too sweet for me. Overall... Recommended. Especially for a reliable night out.
I'm heading back to Fort Lauderdale following a two-day excursion in New Orleans. I ask the Holiday Inn Express person behind the desk where to eat. She says Peg Leg Pete's. And so begins my review ... THIS PLACE HAS TERRIFIC FOOD. I walk into the place and the two receptionists point me to the bar. I grab a seat at around 6:30 or so. Laura, behind the bar, serves me up a Yuenglings. I sense a lot locals, which is impressive given that this is near a touristy part of Pensacola. I order an appetizer -- mozzarella sticks with marinara. Also, I order my main course -- Fried Catfish with French Fries. I soak in a couple more Yuenglings along the way. The moz sticks arrive and they taste just okay. The fish and chips arrive and I'm blown away. This Catfish, lightly fried and steaming hot on the inside, was terrific. The best I've ever had. The menu notes that the fish is farmed in Alabama. I doused it with lemon juice and Peg Leg Pete's provides a spicy dipping sauce. Really, really good. Good atmosphere at the bar. Friendly bartenders coupled with a laid-back atmosphere made for a pleasant night out. I can't wait to visit Pensacola Beach again.   Everything has been perfect.
One word, OYSTERS! Cheapest and best in Pensacola! Fantastic prices and food! The alcoholic beverages are tasty as well! Get your self some oysters!
While on vacation we tried to have dinner at Peg Leg Pete's 3 times.  Only ate there once.  Every day the wait was over an hour.  The first time we came and all got out (4 adults, 2 kids) and upon finding the wait was an hour and a half, we left.  The second time, one of us walked up to see what the wait was - an hour and 45 minutes - and we left.  Third time we called and asked about the timing - they said at the time we called there would be about a half hour wait.  We got up and went; by the time we got there, it was a 45 minute wait, and then actually and hour before we were seated.  For all that, the food needed to be outstanding and even then I don't know if it would be worth all the wait.   I will say the food was good. I had the Mixed Grill and it was quite nice.   I was pleased with my meal and the service was pretty good too.  I expected the timing of the meal to be poor, but it really wasn't out of the ordinary.  We were down to 4 people for dinner, one child, and we always ask for her to get her food as soon as possible - they were prompt with that.  The ambiance is decent and I'm sure the outside is nice in cool weather - we sat inside because it was really hot. Negatives - while there is a playground for the kids, with that many people waiting and that long a wait, even the playground gets old.  And there is one playground - my daughter is 5 and couldn't do a good bit of it, and then you have the 10-13 year olds running and playing and it's actually dangerous for a little 5 year old to be there with them in such a confined area.  But you have to give them something to do to wait that long. That's complaint number one - I know they can't help the wait, but for parent of younger kids, it's tough.  The other major negative was the kid's drink choices.  There are none.  They offer a children's menu, but no juices are available and milk is an extra charge -  why, especially if you don't offer other options?  Sodas aren't an option for some families - we prefer not to fill our kids with more high fructose corn syrup than is absolutely necessary, and if you aren't going to have juices on hand to serve, then you shouldn't charge for milk.  And we were charged for each milk she drank, so my daughter had to pay extra just to be healthier. For this rating system, I went with "I've experienced better", because I didn't like the other options.  Have I had better food?  Yes, but on this vacation, Peg Leg Pete's food was probably the best we had.  So I feel that food being of good taste and quality is nearly half of what you look for and that works out well in their favor.  However the craziness of waiting over an hour and the crazy playground were huge drawbacks, and the no juice/ charge for each milk really set them back.  If you are a group of adults, you'll probably like the place - with children, maybe not so much.
Hard to know how to star this one. Food was good, service was good but the five huge flying roaches my husband killed at the end of the meal were definitely not good. I grew up here and I have more than a passing familiarity with how the roach population behaves, so to have five of them (he and the rest of the family left quickly after this so it may not have stopped at five) come out with all the lights and noise is really troubling. Two flew into him, one climbed up the wall behind my mother-in-law and the other two were wandering on the ground. They were seated outside and I was inside catching up with an old friend. I'm not sure we can go back. And, yes, he did mention it to the server and to management.
Laid-back seafood joint Tasty oysters steal the show You'll leave very full
Crowded, my fried oysters and shrimp basket  was 3.5 Price is a 2 star. very lively and crowded atmosphere.
It's right on the beach. Great atmosphere. Loved the calimari! Good food.
Waited over 15 minutes for the server to come to our table and they never came. So we left. Wasn't even busy!
I had the oyster sampler while on vacation. It was the best! Peg legs had people in my family devouring the oysters and they don't even like them :)
This place has come a long way from the divey little hole in the wall it used to be when I was younger.  Been coming here for over 20 years, and they NEVER disappoint.   Best shrimp, best oysters.  Cheap prices.  Right near the beach, boi!  When I visit my folks on Santa Rosa Island, this is where I spend all my time, and all my money.   My girlfriend really likes the Spinach Artichoke Dip they make here, too.
Yummy food. Delicious oysters. Excellent service Shasta and Tawni are great bartenders. Easy going atmosphere. Locals to give you tips what more could you ask for? Oh bought some hot sauce!
Not too much to add from the other reviewers.  As locals we've eaten here plenty of times and can understand why the reviews swing from 1 to 5 stars. Yes the food isn't gourmet or even great.  Still I definitely wouldn't go as far as calling it bad.  You'll get the standard fare of fried 'seafood' heavy on the batter.  I usually go for a few beers and a grouper sandwich. We love it because of the outside seating, live music, and kids beach play area.  Very laid back atmosphere.  Service will vary greatly on each visit.  Never rude, but sometimes overworked or just slow. There is a separate hostess stand for outside seating so make sure to ask about it if the main area is on a long wait.
Best place to eat on the island. Always a long wait, so if that bothers you, get there before 6. If not, grab a beer at the outside bar, listen to the live music, watch the kids on the playground, or check out the yachts parked in the bay. There's also a nets where the kids can catch live crabs and other sea creatures in the bay. The atmosphere is very relaxed, the servers are friendly, the wait for the food is never long. They have a huge selection of oysters, and everything we had was great. We went there twice during our week stay, and wished we'd gone a third time instead of going to Flounders on our last night. Don't forget to molest/take a picture with the pirate outside the bathrooms!
OK, so we went back with a bigger group this time and sat in the restaurant. It was about 25 minutes wait, which was great because they quoted us 40. Our waiter was just a bit of a turd. Not attentive, sarcastic in not a funny way, etc. We got the crab bucket again and some baked oysters and both were great. We also decided to share a cup of the gumbo since we've lived in the south for a few months without trying any. It came out lukewarm, but it also wasn't that amazing. However, I have absolutely nothing to compare it to. So if our waiter wasn't sub-par they'd keep the 5 stars for atmosphere and service.
Not sure why I even considered going elsewhere. Beat food n the beach but strict with their rules! Just because your photo has been on their wall for  20 years doesn't mean they'll break the rules and let you order to-go during a wait.
The service was good. Fun atmosphere; loved the live pirate video cam; several of our family members out of state had fun seeing us wave.  But best of all was the seafood. We are from Louisiana; best of seafood capital; and our expectations  were met!. It is worth the 45min or 1 hr wait for the food.
The food is very good and I go here each time I am in the area. Make sure you go very early or very late for dinner. Although its good its not worth waiting over an hour for dinner. Service is generally good but can be spotty. The service hostess stand unfortunately is consistently poor and they never say :goodby", "come again" or anything at all
My small family and I had a Sunday lunch here. The hostess seemed put-out that customers needed to be sat and I later asked her where the bathroom was and received a similar reaction. The server was cordial and made recommendations off the menu which I like. The grouper sandwich was good, but my wife ordered the Key West salad which claimed to contain "greens" but was actually a pile of iceberg lettuce. All in all it was decent food and the atmosphere was what one would expect from a place by this name.
The oysters are amazing! This place is awesome....very casual, local joint. Cold beer, fresh seafood, great times!
I always visit Peg Leg Petes at least once while visiting Pensecola.  They are a great beach bar and have pretty good food.  They are always busy so if your with a group of people be prepared to wait, even on a monday night.  I always get the oyster sampler and really enjoy their selection of baked oysters.  Burgers and their fish sandwich are good as well.   I also like their stemmed seafood buckets.  Yuengling drafts are only 2.50 a piece! If your here for a visit check this place out.
Super crowded at the upstairs restaurant, which I guess is the fancy part.  The downstairs has the same menu (except for the broiled items) as the upstairs.  Might've been less fancy but instead of a 75 minute wait (upstairs) we got seated immediately.  Oysters lafitte were delicious .  So was the Cajun shrimp appetizer.  Oyster po boy and bread pudding were good but not great.
Hands down the best grouper sandwich I've ever had. You will love it. Blackened is my favorite and it's not too spicy. I'm not an oyster person, but all my friends love them there. You have to know going in, that you will be waiting a very long time....so go before you get hungry and go downstairs and order a drink. They work on the pager system, so they will give your one of those square, light up thingys.
Just OK.  The atmosphere is great -- 2nd floor seating area had big open windows and the Gulf breeze is blowing.  The food is typical beach fare.
Great food and service...had the blackened grouper sandwich and my gf had the grouper nuggets. Both very good!!
We might have had to wait 1.5hr but there was playground for kids and a bar!    Shipwrecked is the signature drink and it is good. steamed crab legs good, catfish husband said thumbs up, kids give the ok on chicken strips and shrimp. Worth the wait, live music.  U can sit downstairs with little wait you just don't get the full menu offered upstairs but lots to choose from.
We got seated right away because we got there early. Jason was our waiter and was so nice and helpful. We didn't want to rush dinner because it was our last one on the each, so we ordered appetizers and drinks and told Jason we would order later. We wanted to go downstairs to hear the live music and told Jason we would be back, but wanted to order another drink. While downstairs, he brought our drinks to us. What service! When we got back to our table, there was a note from Jason to anyone that came by our table, not to bus it. I got to say, he was pretty awesome! I had the stuffed grouper which was amazing and my husband had the mixed grill and he loved it as well. A must place to eat while in Pensacola!
Crazy crowded and busy on weekends but the music during the wait was really good so that was fine. The gumbo and tuna dip was excellent but the fried combo platter was a little greasy. Good food overall but the atmosphere makes the place special. Not the place to come if you want something simple and calm though.
If you've already done Flounders the this is a good second option on Pensacola Beach. Cajun flavored food really good. Had Cajun shrimp and Cajun burger.
i have never had such a rude and unfriendly waiter in my life. seriously, i never tip under 15% even for not-so-good service but our waiter was seriously rude. not answering questions, begrudgingly doing everything. all the drinks, even coffee, come in styrofoam and plastic dishware which seems rather cheap for a restaurant in pensecola. the only reason i gave this place two stars rather than one is because they have some of the best hot sauce i've ever had. i bought a bottle of that in the gift store and wish i had skipped the dining experience.
Peg Leg Pete knows his seafood and he probably sacrificed that leg and eyeball at sea for the purpose of serving it right to you at a decent price. Apparently, torrential rain does not slow down good dining. Waited 30 minutes to be seated the other stormy day, and trudged in with squishy flip flops and disheveled wet hair.   Blended right into the casual bar-like atmosphere anyways.  Was seated outside next the the playground overlooking the lagoon and ordered the jumbo bucket of crab legs for two with corn and potatoes.  For $49.95, was well worth it compared to Crabs We Got Em down the street.  The crab meat was steamed to perfection, not dry at all.  Also got the dozen oysters on the half-shell for $7.95.  Food was so good that I had no problem cleaning every nook and crannie of those poor crustaceans.  Hopefully, I've done some brave fishermen justice.
Whenever I come home on leave i make sure I go here for seafood. I love this place and it's one of the only places I will eat fried oysters from their just wonderful. I was home a few months ago and took my mom, grandma, and aunt there. Its such a nice atmosphere very laid back and they usually have a band playing.  Any seafood platter you cant go wrong.  But I think it was alittle over 100 dollars for the four of us to share two appetizers, drinks and meal.
Staying nearby, just a waddle away from PLP's, The Sweetie and me enjoyed this most of the time packed estabishment three times. _For dinner on a Wednesday 6:30-7:00PM  just 20-20 mins wait (just us two) Seated in the deep interior. Loud and tight, but a happy crowd! Excellent wait staff with beautiful smiles, fast and competent. A couple of SPICY Bloody Mary's, A sampler of the various stuffed oysters, a Cajun Combo of fried Gulf specialties (shrimp, more oysters, grouper, catfish and stuffed crabs) and a Mixed Grille (lg shrimp, grouper and LARGE sea scallops) Totally stuffed as well, took Key Lime pie(s) back to the crib. The food in general was very good. I do think the fried seafood breading on the heavy side. _Later in the week: Zero wait. Shrimp to go (one pound cold) steamed in beer and PLP's very own Cajun spices and cocktail sauce. Devoured elsewhere with icy cold beers. _Sunday afternoon 2:30-3:00 just 20-30 wait for on the deck (1.5 hour wait for the roof deck, no way) Very-loud-lots o' families with kids. One group had a child reaching decibles levels I didn't think possible. Icy cold Bud Lite(s) an exceptional 1/2 half pound cheeseburger (w/bacon added) done medium-perfect! The Smoked Yellowfin (used as The Sweeties entre') dip was very tasty. Maybe It could be a better dish served with crostini (toast) instead of Saltine's in their individual wraps. Yes, we are "from away" and over all, we enjoyed the heck-out of enjoying Pete Leg Pete's!
Still awesome.  Great seafood dive, and of all the specialty drinks in Pensacola\Pensacola Beach area, they have the best.  Love the shipwreck!  Fruity but not too sweet, a day at the beach in a cup.  Perfect!
Be sure to insist on real butter for dippin great steamed shellfish
Heck yeah! This place served us up really good seafood while on vacation. Great value for the price. Their kids meals are HUGE! Good drinks. Oh so yummy broiled oysters. For some reason, I tried these where ever I went on vacation- and this place took 1st place by a landslide. I cant wait to go back for a visit...this place is on my to-do list!
From the moment you drive into the parking lot this place looks like fun.  It was crowded for a Wednesday at 5:15.  We waited roughly 25 minutes in a most delightful waiting area that included plenty of seating in a sandy playground for kids that surrounded a bar for the adults.  We enjoyed an exquisite order of calamari a delectable mixed grill and a fried fish platter that was outstanding.  The service was great and the food was even better.  I highly recommend anyone go visit this place if you are anywhere close to Pensacola Beach
The grilled Maui Maui sandwich is a boner in a bun! Love it! Great play area for the kids! Fun kid meal pack with pirate eye patch served in a sand bucket!
Kid friendly. Sit downstairs where you can listen to live music and eat amazing fried seafood while your kids play in the sand at the play ground. Great kids menu. Raw oysters were delicious. Peel and eat shrimp are terrific.  Numerous  beers on tap.
Fried, fried and more fried. What a shame.  Grossly overrated. Tourist trap.  If I wanted seafood that unhealthy, I'd go to Long John Silvers, etc.
Fish tacos rock, fried oysters were a taste explosion! Yum!
The clam chowder soup  is delicious it's has a little spicy kick to it. The price for 12 dozen oysters $7.99 not bad compared to Austin, TX. The only downside Oysters are not too. big We got seated right away on Sat at around 5:30pm , perfect time to go before it gets packed. The only con is the seating arrangements are kinda tight.
Peg Legs loves kids which makes me love Peg Legs. Outdoor playground while you wait. Once in, kids receive eye patches and other activities. Not to mention, the food is awesome. The best Oysters I have ever tried. I'm usually a raw on the 1/2 shell kind of girl. But they have a sampler they lets you try all their baked specialty oysters. It is delicious. The perfect stop after a long day at Ft. Pickens.
Really wasn't impressed. The portions were very small!  The locals really push this place but doesn't compare to other restaurants!
Totally pedestrian restaurant.  Seriously, if this place was on the mainland, it would have gone out of business years ago because of the prices and mediocre food.  Nothing is extraordinary and nothing is such a good deal that I (and I live here) feel a compulsion to drive down there to eat anything.  It's not bad, not terrible, but it certainly isn't five stars.  It's simply a tourist place and a destination for people that apparently don't like seafood...much.  There are much better places to eat, both on the beach and off.
My wife had the snow crab and grouper chowder and enjoyed both. I had the ribeye. It was fatty chewy and undercooked.  I wouldn't have fed it to my dog.
The best food we had on the island. The grouper was delicious, and my wife loved her chicken. I would surely go back.  Plus they have a space for kids to play too which is nice when they are busy!  Worth a visit.
This place was amazing! We sat at the bar had some baked oysters and a couple drinks, Bill was great. It's very laid back, lots of locals, and the food was awesome. All around win!
Don't get me wrong, Peg Leg's is a good time if you're going to hang out, drink and listen to some music. Good times have been had at the UnderWhere? Bar.  However, as far as restaurant quality goes... I have not been very impressed.  My husband and I have eaten here 4 or 5 times at the request of friends and trying to give it another chance with the "maybe it was a bad night", excuse.  But last night was the last I will ever try to eat here.  The wait is normally always an hour and I know that, most places on a military payday weekend are that way.  Last night the wait was 1 hr 45 min. We received our food and I mean it was OK but I feel like other than the oysters (which are good) I could have gotten the same quality of food at any Red Lobster and not have to wait SO long for it.  I am over Peg Leg Pete's.
I was going to order some food to go from here, but when I called they were totally unhelpful and rude. She said they did take out, but because they had people waiting for tables, they wouldn't take an order. I just had to keep calling back until I caught them at a time when there wasn't a wait for tables. Who handles take out like that?! Totally crazy, so I took my business elsewhere.
I'd go here again. All the food was decent (3-4 stars), pricing (5 stars) was fairly cheap.  I give it only 3 stars because overall it was unremarkable yet decent .  Best thing we had was the grouper sandwich. The batter was great and the fish was fresh as well. Not fine dining, but was certainly a good time. There's a pool table, a place to pull up your boat to eat and a  playground for the kids.
We were vacationing in Navarre and there just aren't any good seafood restaurants there. Our fishing guide suggested Peg Leg Pete's in Pensacola. It's just a 30 minute drive or so from Navarre. We drove over there one evening and we are very happy we did! I got a fried platter that had shrimp, scallops and grouper on it. Honesty, it was the best grouper I've ever had! All the seafood was fresh and we would eat there often if we lived in Pensacola. Only waited 30 minutes to get a table after arriving at 8:00pm. The atmosphere is touristy, but the food and service is really good.
My wife and I visited on a rainy afternoon and expected a long wait.  When we arrived there was just a short wait so we wandered on down to the bar for a drink.  The bar staff was excellent and extremely friendly.  After just one drink our table was ready.  I went for the fried shrimp while my wife went for the wrap and we tried the fried crab claws as an appetizer.  Both lunches were excellent and our waitress was attentive and very friendly.  Went back later in the week and were just as impressed with the food and staff.
Typical seafood place on Pensacola beach however one of me and my families favorites when we visit we make sure to come here every year. Usually always go with the fried Shrimp or flounder baskets with oysters of course and am always satisfied. Cheap prices and always good service. Usually always busy when we have been there in the summer and like most of the restaurants on the beach, they have a volleyball court and live music on certain nights.
Yummy. Raw oysters were very fresh tasting. The parmesan and rockerfeller oysters were amazing. I ordered a dozen and got 14. I could eat their fried grouper for bfast lunch and dinner. Live bands on weekends.
Such great seafood !  Consistent  every time I've been here. This evening Hope has made sure all is great starting downstairs at the bar getting our shucked oysters perfectly set out the way we wanted them while waiting for the dinner table.
On our way to Ft. Pickens, we stopped at Peg Leg Pete's. It was late lunch time and several specials were being offered; one was all baked oysters were $2.00 off per doz. I had the sampler doz. and was very pleased, I especially liked the Spicy Lafitte and Rockefeller. The husband had a grouper sandwich that kept him silent for most of the meal, he just shook his head up and down. I also had a wonderful bloody Mary with pickled green beans and the husband had a Yuenling. I thought the price was right and specials were better; Peg Leg's  even has an oyster happy hour. Not really a pirate as Peg Leg's offers a great deal all around.
Peg Leg Pete's was our first introduction to Grouper while in Pensacola Florida and we loved the light tasty batter and the mild moist delicious fish served with the usual trimmings.  The Oysters were very good and we even had a couple of Oyster Shooters to get things going. Don't miss out on the Key Lime pie, it's really good! Great place with a beach atmosphere and attitude. It's definitely worth a try, 4 stars.
Great food...the place needs a little dusting. If you go around lunch time be prepared to wait....good food means lots people. Rudy was our waiter, excellent attitude. Left him  heafty tip by the way...
A good local hole in the wall type place.  The service was friendly and prompt.  We tried a little of everything, but the standout item was the grilled tiger shrimp.  These puppies were huge and grilled to perfection.  This is definitely a good spot for a relaxing and a inexpensive dinner.
Great, laid back pirate themed place with amazing food. Also, full bar to wait at really helps. Had the grouper nuggets, which were delicious, and the oyster sampler platter as my entree. If you like oysters you MUST try this - it was a great value (around $13 for 13 oysters, 2 of each variety) and these oysters were some of the best I've ever had - this is coming from someone who has dined extensively in New Orleans and San Francisco. Had a great time here! Perfect for a fun, casual lunch while on the shore.
I ate at a few different restaurants during my stay in Pensacola.  I would have to say this was my favorite.  It was a bit crowded for my taste, but the food made up for it.  The baked oyster sampler was very good.  It has six varieties of baked oysters.  The only kind I did not care for was the cajun.  After that I just had a small plate of peel and eat boiled shrimp.  It was fresh and properly spiced.  For dessert I had the key lime pie which was good, but nothing spectacular.  It is a good place to eat if you can handle the crowd.
Pretty good- their set up was a little run down ( we ate outside due to the 1.5 hour wait for indoor a/c seating.) and their food wasn't quite as good as Flounders in my opinion -but decent service and good,although not strong, drinks along with quite edible seafood makes this place a-okay, if not terrific. It wouldn't be my first choice but I wouldn't snub my nose at it either.
Went to Pensacola for business.  A new friend took me to Peg Leg Pete's for dinner.  What a great place. We ate outside, and it was a beautiful evening.  I had the mixed grill dinner, with grilled fish, shrimp and scallops. It was delicious, served hot and fresh!  The service was fast and friendly.  My friend had the tuna spread appetizer and it was great!  I would definitely eat there again- I recommend it!
The basket of boiled crab legs and shrimp was DELICIOUS.  I know it is a simple thing, but whatever they boiled with the seafood made it rich, flavorful and perfectly done.  Besides that the oysters were good, the wait was long and the music downstairs was horrible. Enough said.
Im not a huge sea food fan. and i thought everything i tryed was very yummy. and we brought our kids they loved it there. it was alot of fun. worth a try. The fried clams are a must.
Went there for dinner twice.  It was a busy place across from the Gulf with a good selection of beer.  They have 35 Cents oysters on the half shells on Wednesday night.  We had raw oysters, baked parmesan oysters and fried oysters and fried shrimp.  The fried shrimp was very good.  The parmesan oysters were too salty and a bit small.  The batter was kind of heavy but very tasty and crunchy.   Most fried food come with coleslaw and French Fries and the fries were too dry, both times.  The Cajun combo platter was very good. Also had their fish of the day which was trigger fish served with lobster sauce.  The fish was good.  As for side dishes, the rice was under cooked but the sweet snap peas were OK.   My disappointment was getting my raspberry swirl in a foam cup.  I like my drinks in real glasses!
Great fresh oysters, Great bar. Good food. Great beach bar and hangout. One of Pensacola's top places for fresh shellfish and raw bar. Great Bar Waiters. On the inland side of the barrier island. Casual, comfortable, just plain good. A definite if you are at Pensecola Beach
Excellent place once you come off the beach in your shorts and flip flops and want a cold beer and some good seafood.  Not too touristy thank goodness and appears the locals hang their hats here......always worth a visit
Great Grouper sandwich!  This place has a fabulous atmosphere - though it's primarily a warm weather place.  Grab a sampler of baked oysters (2 each of the six varieties they serve) and kick back in the bar with a drink.  GREAT TIMES, GREAT FOOD.
Fun place, very good food, large menu and well priced.  Recommend sticking to what's on the drink menu or basic drinks, as the bartenders anre very good at puring beer abd making "Shipwrecks" but ask for something outside their comfort zone and the results are very mixed :)
The food was good............but I have a little problem... NO SALMON or Tilapia!!! :-(  I was upset. So since I'm not a big fan of shell fish, I got steak. Good tasting steak but I had better.
Customer service ROCKED and food was even better. I sat down last minute and the staff still treated me like gold. I had their fried shrimp and I was expecting run of the mill shrimp, but I was blown away. Every last shrimp was absolutely succulent and the batter was light enough that it disguised the fact that what I was eating was terribly unhealthy. Thank you for a good meal, Pegleg Petes!
Raw oysters were good.  Limited menu bacause of renovation work.  Two staff at front desk alsleep and ingnored us.  Hot food was not warm.  Wish it could have been better because I bragged about it before hand.
Great oysters and Gulf shrimp!  Delicious key lime pie!!!!   Our waiter, Eric, was fantastic and a really nice guy.  It's one of my favorite places.
Food is ok but over priced. This place is always hoppin though, probably because its the only restaurant on Fort Pickens road and it has pretty tasty drinks. Other than then bar though, appetizers and oysters are the only items from the menu I'd recommend, entrees are nothing spectacular.
Sooooo yummy.  My first time having grouper and boy was it good.  Definitely a must if I come back to Pensacola.
Didn't have dinner, but the atmosphere n the bar downstairs was really cool, good draft selection and a fun band made for a great Pre-dinner place.
Friendly crowd and bar staff, good prices, and tasty food. I never liked raw oysters before I tried theirs, and they are outstanding!
Food was alright...drinks were great...but the hostess. Never had a smile on her face...too bad...first thing ur greeted with is her...Rudy whoop was our server was thee best!
30 min wait. Long wait but we found bar seats. Grouper was outstanding.  Had it grilled. Fish chowder was really good after they reheated it.  Nice beer selection.
This is our second year visiting the area and Pete's was our first stop to grab a quick lunch.  The oysters are wonderful and the grouper is excellent.  We will be back soon yo try the buffalo blue oysters very soon.
Went to Pete's on a local's recommendation.  Got the fried seafood sampler, and wasn't disappointed.  The Shipwreck was a solid tropical drink, would definitely get that one again...plus, I got a souvenir cup to take home.  The portions were generous, and the food was tasty.
Definitely the freshest raw oysters we found on the island.  With nearly an hour wait to eat outside for a Sunday lunch, we gladly accepted immediate seating indoors.  The air conditioning was cranked so high we were both chilled and challenged to enjoy the environment because of it. Expect slow service. We waited an extremely long time for our raw oysters appetizer. We shared the seafood platter, which was an immense amount of food for two people. With a couple drinks each, this Sunday lunch reached $65. We strongly recommend this restaurant for the oysters. The rest is average at best.
I enjoyed this place, we went after a day at the beach. Food was good, except don't get the gumbo. Hated it. The drinks seemed pretty weak. The fried oysters were great. If its packed upstairs try heading downstairs, its outside and good for the smokers. Also there's a playground right off the bar for the children, not sure how I feel about that but at least they're entertained.
As others have mentioned, it's casual enough to head over in your flip flops and grab a beer and some fresh fish. Both my wife and I like the meal - she went with the parmesan oysters and crab legs and I had the blackened grouper.  Her oysters were excellent but the crab legs were not as fresh as we had expected. The blackened grouper was prepared very well - soft warm and hearty - but it was bland at best. I was expecting a spicy flavor but that never came through. Thankfully there was a creole mustard sauce on the side that helped with the flavor.
Had two soft drinks, app, and (2) dinners for $50 w/ out tip. Food was good and the service was good.  Laid back atmosphere, very low key. Would definitely go back.
We went for a late lunch (2:30) and it was off season, so there were not that many folks there or much going on. I agree with other posts that the prices are good for what you get. I had oysters (for the first time) that were baked and cajun spiced - and I really liked them! The gumbo was just ok. The blue crab legs were yummy. Not the best meal I had while in Pensacola but it was still good.
Great service, awesome indoor atmosphere, nice outdoor seating, excellent food and good drink prices!
Stopped by for lunch after watching the Blue Angels.  Luckily it was Wednesday.  36 cent oysters.   Yum!  Fried catfish.  Yum yum yum!!  Key lime pie was so so.  I'd skip it.  Service was good.  Followed by a stroll along the beach.
Our group had a fantastic meal at Peg Leg Pete's.  The raw oysters were fresh and the cooked versions were loaded with flavor.  I'm not a big fried food fan, but this may be the finest fried seafood I've ever tried. The only reason Peg Leg's didn't get five stars was the boiled shrimp we're under seasoned and unremarkable.
Being from New Orleans, I didnt expect much, however I was pleasantly surprised.
This place wasn't that bad considering it is the only place to get food on the west side of the island.  I am not a big fan of seafood so I had the Chicken breast and added Grilled shrimp.  The rice, pea pods and Shrimp were good but the chicken was very dry.   It was a small chicken breast but everything else was served in large portions.  Drinks are decently priced and the bar staff was extremely nice.  The bar staff and servers that were "off the clock" informed us about other places in the area to hang out and also looked up a cab service since the trolly wasn't running yet.   My in laws recommend the Grouper Sandwich.
Popular and friendly spot.  Few minutes walk from the beach.  Shipwreck is a must.  I dont like oysters, but everyone else was raving about them.  Service fast and friendly.  Food worth the price.  The fish chowder was awesome!.  There is also a bar below with a pool table to keep you busy while you are waiting on a table.
Was in town for my daughter's college orientation.  Decided to take a drive to the beach and yelped somewhere close to eat.  Found Peg Leg Pete's. The place was so crowded.  There was tables out side by the kids playground but there was live entertainment that was way too loud.  Live entertainment was a guy on guitar. We got seated inside.  Food came quickly.  We got the cajun shrimp for an appetizer.  The serving was huge.  We split it between three and I was pretty full.  I should have just had that for dinner.   I got the crab leg bucket.  My husband saw great reviews on the grouper sandwich. After he tried it he agreed with the reviews, yummy.   It it right across from the beach.  A long wait but worth it.  We will stop by again when we are in town.
This place is right on the beach so it's really cool that way.  Our waiter was really on top of things and I had no complaints there.  The dish I got was kind of 'meh,' but my girlfriend really liked hers and I would definitely go back to give it another try.
Best restaurant on the beach! Best food and atmosphere...locals actually go here!
Steamed shrimp & bourbon. Can't get any better. Great to let young kids play in protected playground.
We had a wonderful mid afternoon snack of fresh oysters, a couple beers and a great atmosphere. A great stop after a day soaking up the sun on the beach!! The staff were friendly and laid back.
Great place, enjoyed the oysters very much
Be prepared to wait a bit, but worth it.  Family fun atomosphere.  Do not get the fried Catfish, over fried and cooked.  Do get the grouper sandwich or nuggets/bites.  They were both lightly fried and perfect.  Do as for Russel the waiter, he was polite, quick and accurate.  Do get a Bushwacker drink, yummy when it is so very hot in the summer.
I found this spot on Yelp! My family enjoyed everything about Peg Leg Pete's. I would recommend to everyone.
Russ, our server, was friendly and efficient. The food was fresh, hot and good but not great.  The grilled scallops were plentiful (10 of them!) but they did have sand in them.  The key lime pie and the bread pudding were excellent!  We will return but steer clear of the scallops.
Best fried crab claws I've ever eaten. Service was very good, even with the crowds. Reasonable prices. The only down-side: they sat us (4 average size adults) at a very small booth (it would have been great for adult & child on each side).  I will return if in the area in the future.
Average restaurant experience. The catfish was good. The drink choices are too sugary sweet. We ate at the bar because the wait was so long. Overall, a so-so place to eat.
Great experience! The oysters were excellent and dinner & KL pie were incredible. Indoor & outdoor seating & bars with a selection of about a dozen different ways to have oysters prepared...and at a great price!! The restaurant sits on a back bay marina with an excellent view! I will most definitely be going back before I leave the area!
I go to Pensacola every other year and always come to Peg Leg Petes. It is a great atmosphere and I have never had bad service. Oysters on the half shell are always fresh. My wife and I always split the combo platter, only downside is the crab claws are not as good as I have had at other restaurants. If you are visiting Pensacola, this place is a must.
We had the mixed grill. A nice sized platter came out and two ladies are easily able to share it, and feel full but not stuffed. The grouper was cooked perfectly, tender scallops, large shrimp and good sweet snow peas.  The decor is fun; at 1130ish, we did not have to wait in line and our server was very good.
Came here on the advice of other travelers in the area. We went early for dinner, as it seems most places fill up around 7 or 730 here - we were there by 6 and only had to wait a few minutes. The place filled up very quickly. There was a live band playing in the downstairs, we ate upstairs but outside. It was very loud - both because of the band and because of people talking over it - this didn't bother us one bit and seemed like there were lots of families here. Oysters were wonderful, we had both raw and Rockefellers. Our dinners were mediocre - scallops and fried catfish - portions were hefty but the food just wasn't all that. We could've had the same food at a fast-food restaurant (I compare this restaurant to Applebee's where we won't eat). The key lime pie was good, probably the best we had all week. Our service was HORRIBLE. We could've served ourselves better. If you keep walking by the same people over and over, at least ask if everything is OK! Don't wait until the water has been empty over 5 minutes and then ask if we want more - especially while we're still eating! We would go here again, but only for oysters, beer and key lime pie!
Well the drink pours are good the oysters are great. The cat fish was o.k. but the shrimp were soft and mushy and I'll leave it at that.
Best oysters in town. Oyster Rockefeller is great. Nachos not so good. Made with chili instead of meat and very little cheese.
This is the kind of seafood joint I've been looking for- not a chain (first rule while on vacation please- go local or go home), doesn't feel contrite, has great service and outstanding food. The fried grouper sandwich was worth the extra hour and a half we added to our trip by going there. (By that I mean we decided to detour through Pensacola on our way to the forgotten coast- nothing to do with wait time) ... And as I type this portion of the review, halfway through my vacation, I can tell you that no place else has come even slightly close to their grouper. It's thick, juicy, fresh. Yep, we'll probably detour on the way home as well.
Our go to spot for good seafood at the beach.  We have rarely been disappointed with the food, service, or price.  Last night was good as always.  As locals we almost never go in the summer, too crowded with welcomed visitors.  Grouper finger buckets for the kids are excellent (keep the bucket!)
Long wait, good food but nothing special.
Another reviewer said "if you can't handle the crowds", I say if Peg Leg Pete's can't handle the crowds, they need to make some changes. Service was friendly but slow. We waited forever for our dinner. The portions were good for the price but a nice dish like the stuffed grouper would have been good if the temp of the food was better and everything was dry as if it had been sitting awhile. I could tell that it would do no good to complain because it is so busy so you just accept the circumstances. Don't go here if you are expecting quality, both in service and in food. I've worked at restaurants that are this busy and it is possible to make it all work. PLP needs to work at getting better at what they do.
Had a Sunday night visit in April 2012 while on a visit to a college campus on the mainland. Arrived w/o reservations and while all the traffic was heading off the beach we still had a 30 minute wait (that flew by.) Dining room was full and all the servers were buzzing. If you do have to wait, review the menu so you can place your order right away once seated. Tried a 1/2 dozen of raw oysters that were delicious. Too many things to try in one visit so I ordered the grouper nuggets and the gumbo to round out my meal. Gumbo was rich in flavor, lots of seafood chunks and close enough to Nola to have it prepared authentically. The nuggets were lightly breaded so not too heavy and comprised of nice chunks of moist tender meat. Service was swift and attentive. It's a popular spot with a lively bar scene and a lot of families. They have an extensive menu to please most everyone and priced for a decent value. I would eat there again if ever in the area.
the wait was long. an hour and a half. the food was not worth the wait. im sorry. but my brother ordered the stuffed grouper and he could tell it was frozen and not fresh before cooking. but when it arrived to the table, it was lukewarm and cool in some spots. my friend ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell and ended up spending the night and then the next morning throwing up. maybe his tummy did not agree??? i have to say it wasnt the best when i tried it. but you know, if the restaurant is right off the shore, you would think the fish would be fresh? but for the wait and the quality...i dunno guys. The next day, we learned our lesson and went to the fish market and made our own seafood dinner and i have to say, we wish we did that first.
Excellent wait staff... Well prepared food & drink... Priced ok... A usual visit while at mom's.
Did I go to the same restaurant as these other people? I too was born in NOLA and I'm a not so secret half Cajun and so I do not hold seafood restaurants outside southern Louisiana to the same standards as "home", but this was ridiculous. Flavor was ok, but we were ripped off. We got the oyster sampler and the toppings were ok, if a little dry, but the oysters were tiny. Tiny. And why was that? They were cut in half- a HALF oyster on each shell. You could see where the foot was cut in half. The stuffed crabs were worse. The stuffing was ok in flavor, but, uh, NO crab. My husband and I could not detect even a hint of crab. All bread and seasoning. We left hungry. The fried shrimp on our little girl's kids meal were ok, batter fried. We know because we had to steal a few. We were going to order our own to fill us up and give them a another chance but after we got our food the waitress disappeared. This was a sad outing and we left feeling robbed.
I was born and raised in north Florida, so I know my seafood. I gave PLP's 5 stars despite some minor drawbacks because the food is that good. And very well priced. Yes, be prepared for a long wait, maybe 30 minutes or more, but the inside bar is a good place to hang out while waiting.  When we were there a couple days ago, the band sucked too.  But, the food was very good!  And the wait staff was friendly and efficient. Despite the crowds, I'll be back...
What a great dinner! Fish was fresh and delicious. Service was excellent. The casual atmosphere is family friendly. Can't wait to go back!
The crab stuffed shrimp is delicious!
Ok, so we showed up on a Monday night kinda late, as we read and were told that it would be very busy most other nights. The wait staff was friendly and we were seated right away. I had a margarita, which was ok. The baked oyster sampler was just ok also. Most of the preparations were so heaped up with other stuff (often bread crumbs as the base) that you couldn't even taste the oysters. The crab and shrimp platter was not bad, but the crab legs were kind of rubbery and didn't crack well, which made me think they had been frozen. The shrimp were good. They were able to sub steamed broccoli for the potatoes, and this was, well, just steamed broccoli (not that I was expecting much). My husband's fried grouper tasted, as he said, like the fish filet from Long John Silver's. Which wasn't really a bad thing, it was just very generic. All in all not a bad experience, but don't think I'd go back for ~$20/entree.
What a disaster. I was expecting a dive-ey atmosphere with good food- a locals kind of place- based on different recommendations. Stopped in early (we thought) at 5PM on a Saturday and what we got was a bona-fide dive with crappy food. Loud, dirty, chaotic. I have a rule: if the table or menu is sticky, I leave. To their credit, the table wasn't sticky, although there was food everywhere. Ordered the baked oyster sampler platter, and except for the Rockefeller they were virtually indistinguishable- small oysters cleverly camouflaged under stale Parmesan  cheese. I am a sucker for a good grouper sandwich, but what arrived was a sad, soggy square of fish that looked like it came from a cafeteria. Half the breading was uncooked, the other half was a hard sheet that the fish readily released from. If Wal-mart is fine shopping, then this is a great restaurant. Most of the patrons seemed interested in quantity, so I suppose that explains the crowd. BTW- the "live band" was a karaoke trio, horrible, The music at Sandshakers is better. Note for ladies: if you are downstairs, the facilities are porta-potties... porcelain available upstairs.
Fantastic establishment offering all sorts of fresh seafood and alcoholic beverages. Peg Leg Pete's has a welcoming environment for anyone with big groups, but can also accommodate smaller parties (2-4 people) with ease. There is outdoor and indoor seating, a fully stocked bar, and an outdoor waiting area. For a high volume restaurant, the dinning areas appeared clean and well kept. The service was fantastically attentive and timely. The food is prepared fresh, so expect to wait a bit. Additionally, if you have a bigger party, expect to wait for a table. When a place prides itself on freshly prepared menu items, do not expect to be seated or served immediately. Peg Leg Pete's offers a variety of seafood fare prepared in many different ways. From steamed to blackened to fried, all of their selections are fresh and delicious.  Additionally, their signature drink was "The Shipwreck" knockout! I highly recommend it, just don't drink a second one if you plan on driving home safely.
Let me say that my family and I come to Pensacola every July for my daughters birthday. We ate here and it was the worst experience we had. Over an hour wait, that was tolerable. Our waiter was rude and un attentive, I actually got up and went to the car with my child. It says take out is available BUT we were told they don't do take out orders after 6...it was a few minutes before 6 and we had all ready been waiting about 15 minutes. They put CHEESE...SLICED PROCESSED FREAKING CHEESE on my fish sandwich!!!!!  I COULD HAVE GONE TO FLIPPING MCDONALDS and paid a quarter of the price and got the same result!!! DISGUSTING!!!!! Ill go somewhere else next time, I am not sure where these wonderful reviews are coming from, maybe something changed after my visit. But Its not worth it to me to go out of my way to get crappy service and food. NOPE!!!
Service was so bad we didn't even leave a tip. Seriously, the waiitress was throwing the food on the table, made me feel very uncomfortable. We did inform the manager and he apologized. I will not go back there again.  Kids meals were terrible, came with about 5 fries. Our meals were average.  It's a great location, they need to clean house and get decent employees!
The front desk at Holiday Inn Express recommended this place.  My criteria was excellent seafood and a place I could wear shorts.  Peg Leg Pete's met those expectations.  I was here on business and as usual I was faced with dining alone.  Not a problem, I was extremely hungry after a long day.  I was seated promptly with a nice corner spot on the deck.  The server was an attractive young woman who gave me the whole rundown on the special.  In any moment of doubt, order the special, which I did.  The special was grouper Parmesan that came with snow peas and rice pilaf.  I ordered an appetizer of calamari that came with a tasty dipping sauce.  The grouper was outstanding, big filet, done to perfection, just flaking with a crispy coat of Parmesan.  I compare it favorably to any halibut or ling cod I've had in Seattle.  I chased down the whole affair with a 20-ounce glass of Pensacola Bay Brewery Sawgrass Wheat (came in a plastic cup).  It was a splurge night so I went with the Key lime pie.  So good.  This is a most excellent seafood place, comparable to any good seafood restaurant in the Pacific Northwest.
classic beach bar/restaurant...don't get too giddy about it.  mostly about the atmosphere, cold beer, and fried food....nothing wrong with that combo!
Interesting ambiance, not overly clean... Slight view of the gulf is very nice. Service was awkward, but prompt. Grouper sandwich was juicy, thick and the bun was fresh, a definite recommend. My whole table was happy with their meal and even though it was busy, we were served and left in good order. Nice playground for the kids while you watch.
We were visiting Pensacola for our anniversary vacation.  We planned diving trips and just sunning on the beach.  I love good seafood and this restaraunt came highly recommended by almost everyone we asked.  What made our decision to try it was based on the fact that the locals ate there.  I do not like prefab or frozen fast food.  The atmoshere was fun and awesome and it was an environment where we could have our nice dinner just the 2 of us or families could enjoy as well.  They had a nice little gift shop and there were things going on downstairs, I am not sure what it was but they were having fun.  Our food was great, we started with the cajun shrimp appetizer and my husband had the fish of the day while I had crab. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive even though they were very busy while we were there.  I don't get to Florida very often but when I do Peg Leg Pete's is definately our choice for dinner!
was alarmed by the size of the crowds, the dimensions of the establishment itself and the pirate theme. all clashed with my world view. afraid to actually go in.
The food is ok, but there are much better seafood restaurants in Pensacola.
This review is really late as I thought I already reviewed them. The atmosphere is fun and we went right at lunchtime so they were busy. With it only being two of us we were seated right away outside on the patio. When there is gorgeous weather I don't want to be inside so I was happy about that. Our waitress was very nice and so helpful. My husband got the grouper and loved it. We also got the yummy shrimp basket and it was perfect. Not oily, the shimp were fresh, and it tasted great, I'm guessing the spice the batter! I got a big mouth burger that tasted great. It was so nice looking out at the docks and pretty boats, and hearing the water. There was also a love band on the bottom patio which was nice to listen to while eating. I'm so glad we decided to come here for lunch and didn't get discouraged by the reviews saying how long the wait was. It was great and when we travel back to Pensacola we will stop in here again.
AWESOME! I look forward to it when I come home to visit!
In one word, disappointing. A couple of people at our hotel recommended and we had to try for ourselves. The food was tasteless, over cooked, and over priced. The only thing good was the service. Go to Flounders instead. They have great food, service, and view of the ocean!
Great food, especially the lunch baskets and oysters.  Very good service
We started off with the Spinach Artichoke dip. It was the BEST I've ever had, hands down. We all ordered variations of the lunch basket, and the entire family loved their food. The fish tasted fresh, and the portions were generous. Great for a group. Terrific for a family.
Waited an hour and a half to be seated, then when we ordered the oysters, the waiter spills the it all over the table. They were kinda warm (they didn't put ice under them) I thought that was wierd. we ordered the stuffed grouper, the fried combo and snow crab legs, it all tasted like it came straight from the freezer, the fish was tough, and the snow crab wasn't fresh at all. Had a horrible experience, I will never come back here.
Pensacola has many seafood restaurants to pick from and we lucked out going to this one. We went on a Saturday around 6PM. The wait was about 20 min which was good considering the place was packed. The service was good the entire time with our waiter checking up on us at decent intervals.  I have the grouper nuggets, fried calamari,  and cajun catfish.  The food was hot, fresh, seasoned well, and most importantly tasted good. It wasn't rated G.A.F. but it was good and overall I was satisfied.
Good food.  Good service.
Very busy and I ate at six p.m. I ate at the bar otherwise I would have to wait 30 minutes for a table, great service.  Had the grouper bites appetizer and Hawaiian snapper for the special of the night.  excellent service, both were great.  I would definitely order that food again and I will be back
The locals favorite. Do not come late. Lunch is fabulous. Plan to eat dinner at 5, any later, you'll wait. If you are late it's worth the food.
The oysters were great. Service was decent. This Place had a cool atmosphere    A little less than classy but that's the feel they are going for.  The outside high top tables have chairs that are not suited for oversized people.  The bathrooms could be updated but weren't disgusting.
Five star service and food priced reasonably for a tourist area.  The Grilled Grouper for 18.95 was cooked perfectly and was at least  a 7oz portion. Quick friendly service too!
We LOVED Peg Leg Petes!!! We had the spicy Lafitte oysters and they were amazing!! The hot sauce and all sauces served with food was great. The Cajun shrimp was wonderful. My grouper sandwich was out of this world. The spinach and artichoke dip was even great!! The only thing we didn't like was oysters Rockefeller but the waitress took those off our bill so that was perfect. My bloody mary was very tasty as well. Definitely a favorite from our vacation!!
Meh. As soon as I saw where this place was located I knew not to have high hopes. This is basically a tourist trap. While the seafood was fresh it had absolutely NO seasoning. The red beans & rice and gumbo was lack luster, and the shrimp po'boy was dry. The best and only thing worth eating here are the raw oysters. They were plump and fresh. The hurricane was a fail too, an that's hard to do. *sigh*
If you vacation in Pensacola Beach, you have to go to Peg Leg Pete's just to say you went. This place is always busy. The atmosphere is fun and the prices are reasonable for fresh seafood. I had shrimp and crab legs, which while a little over cooked, very good.
The parmesan oysters were incredible !   As was the service !   Beer cold and all other food including scallops were to die for! We have made this a must stop when in pensacola !
Really fresh food.  Like many other posted, during lunch you do have to wait, but our wait time was not that bad.  I think it took longer for our food to get to our table then our wait time.  If you like sea food you will love this place.  I ended up ordering oysters and  grouper.  Both dishes were delicious.   I would place this joint in the same category as Flounders.  I was told that the food is better here, but from my experience they are both the same.  If you are going with kids, then go to Flounders they have a big play area.  If you are alone, or with another adult, I would definitely visit this place.
Amazing service and even better food. Great seafood experience even for some first timers and children. Was suggested by a local and we were not disappointed. From catfish to oysters it was all perfect.
Hottest day ever, wait for table inside!!! After our yummy dzn oysters we begged to move inside!  Thank you for being so understanding. We then had grouper, and lobster seafood bucket for 2. So good! Will be back!
GREAT FOOD LUNCH JOINT & WATER VIEW Stopped by this place for a quick lunch. I love seafood so wanted to try apps along with Grouper sandwich. Waiter shared that the restaurant actually owns the fishery that processes the fresh catches of the day. Great bonus. Their seafood was excellent. They also have Cajun influenced apps and sides. Great experience. If your passing through the pan handle of Florida, it's a great lunch joint to stop at with friendly staffers.
Family and I tried eating at this place over the weekend.  After three attempts, we made it in yesterday evening. The wait always looks bad but it was only 30 minutes if you wanted to eat upstairs and we got in downstairs where they serve fried foods only.   We ordered with ease as the menu was pretty simple.  The food came quickly as well. For a restaurant  bar combination, the food was actually pretty good. The only issue for the family: the wife wasn't a fan of the "port-a-potty" looking bathrooms. Not a bad place, but we'll be trying another place next time there.
On a recent fishing charter in Pensacola the topic of local seafood restaurants came up. Our captain, who's in his 50s and a native, said the only place he - and most locals go - is Peg Leg Pete's. He thought it was better than Grand Marlin, which is ridiculous. There's no comparison. Grand Marlin owns this place. Meanwhile, there's a lot of value at Peg Leg's and character if you like that laid back, outdoor air, casual beach bar kind of a place, that our captain says is the only place on this area with truly local fish. The food at Peg Leg isn't awesome, but it's above average and isn't overpriced, at least compared to everything else on the island. And, another factor to consider, even though it's off the beaten tract, this place isn't a secret. It's often packed, even during off peak hours. Having eaten here three times, I'd say their grouper dishes hold the most value, although it's tough to overlook their oysters, grouper bites, gumbo, shrimp, etc. And, if you have kids, the grouper nuggets kids meal is enough for a few kids to share, and they get to keep the bucket.
Having a lunch before heading to the airport, our group decided to check out Pensacola Beach to soak up some final few rays of Florida sun and enjoy a nice lunch.  Someone had recommended this place as the ideal choice in the area.  We got there right as it opened at 11 AM to insure that we would be able to make it to the airport in a timely fashion.  There was already a small line forming at the hostess stand, generally a good sign.  There was plenty of seating so there was no concern about having to wait for a table.  The place has all the makings for a perfect place to really tie one on for day/evening drinking.  There are vintage license plates from all over the country tacked up on the walls of the building, which made for some cool viewing.   Our server was quite friendly and helped make some suggestions when we had some questions on the menu.  We started with a dozen oysters, most of which were pretty mammoth compared to the ones we get up north.  They were served with a basket of saltine crackers.  They had their own hot sauce which was a worthy addition to the oysters.   For lunch, I got the fried oyster basket which was substantial in size.  I didn't need to eat for the rest of the day.  They were lightly fried and not too oily.  One of my friends got the grouper BLT and raved about it.  Prices were fair given the quality and quantity of the food.   Would definitely consider returning here, and perhaps spending more time to have a cocktail or two.
Peg Leg's is more than a watering hole but it serves well as one if you like. Don't pass on the food and if the wait is long then sit at the bar and enjoy the festivities. The food was extremely good. Great Gulf cuisine from the sauteed claws to my blackened grouper fish sandwich with incredible peg leg special sauce. The lunch crowd is variable so don't think you can go late or early and get a spot. It is worth a wait but remember the bar tip. My wife enjoyed a shrimp salad and before I could ask for a bite it was gone. She did leave me one shrimp, grilled, which was fresh and yummy. Peg Leg's should be a stop for sure on your Gulf Shores travels. It is a cool scene with gracious hosts and a beachfront vibe that you only get on this refreshing island. Enjoy.
This place is phenomenonal. Great food great ambience, great drinks.  We went on a Fri night and there was a great bar scene with a live band to entertain you while you wait on a table.  We ordered their special drink the shipwrecked and it was fantastic, warning: there's a few liquors in it mixed with a tropical fruit juice that blends for a smooth clean taste.  My friend and I both ordered the crab stuffed grouper meal.  Flawless.  The fish is succulent cooked to perfection with a perfectly seasoned crab-cake like filling.  They cover it with a alfredo sauce which i got on the side, there's also another jumbalaya type sauce on the side, the waitress offered me which was also extremely delicious as well.  It comes with rice, snap peas which i substituted for broccoli and a tasty garlic toast.  Everything was flavorful, not requiring any salt and pepper additions. The service is fantastic, Our food came out very promptly, great waitress.  All in all, a great value for the meal.  Highly recommend trying this establishment when on the beach.
You can't go to Pensacola Beach without stopping here at least once. It has crusty pirate ambiance and there is a huge variety of food and therefore something for everyone. I wouldn't say the food is top-notch (not 5-stars good), but it is still enjoyable. My go-to meal is the Key West Salad with chicken, grouper, or shrimp (depending on my mood). Also, my wife is allergic to dairy and, as a rule, their manager comes out and double-checks ingredients with anyone who has allergies which I thought was very considerate and quite rare (usually if you ask a server if something has dairy, you will get an uninterested shrug of the shoulders). I highly recommend this place.
We hit Peg Leg's twice on our first trip to Pensacola Beach. The location is hard to beat, as it's just a short walk away from our place. It's got a decent vibe albeit a little touristy, although that's to be expected. The raw oysters were pretty good, although in late May I may have been pushing the boundaries of oyster season. We enjoyed various fried foods like shrimp, oysters, and scallops. Good stuff, but very salty, and I'm not typically sensitive to that. Having found the Sandshaker Lounge closed on a weekday afternoon we went back to Peg Leg Pete's and had Bushwackers. A tasty drink, even if don't want to drink more than one. Again, the atmosphere was pretty good and is often just what you want in terms of crowd-pleasing ability. We'll definitely be back if only for the location, but next time I'll branch out and see more of what they have on offer in terms of entrees.
Tourist trap? Definitely, although I will say it's better quality than most on Santa Rosa (I'm looking at you Flounder's). In fact, this is second best only to The Grand Marlin. I will say that the wait is bad, but again is better than most at Pensacola , probably because it's offset from the main area by the bridge. They have two different areas: The first is the normal restaurant where you can sit in or out and order anything at the menu. The second is the outdoor only oyster bar where you can get everything that isn't grilled. It's good if you came for oysters or are content with fried chicken, especially since it has a shorter wait time. At the end of the day I would recommend it, just roll in before 5 if you don't want to wait close to an hour. P.S. : Live Music!
EXCELLENT OYSTERS cmon .59 each....excellent service from bartender Terry as well. He kept the beer cold, the Oysters coming and the laughs were plenty. This is a great local bar for great seafood, great prices, cold beer and good people at the bar.
Stopped in for a cocktail and a couple appetizers.  Drinks were good and beer was cold. Got a dozen raw oysters, the spicy Lafitte oysters and the grouper nuggets. Raw oysters were tender and fresh. Cooked oysters were a bit hot (Jalepenos overwhelmed the oysters) and the grouper was fresh and delicious.
This place has good fried seafood! I ordered a pitcher of beer and the mixed seafood platter. The seafood was quite good and it had fried Grouper (as opposed to the Mahi Mahi/Cod that I am used to). The Grouper was quite good and so were the shrimps and oysters. The one downside was that the scallops were micro sized and when I was ordering the beer, I asked how much a pitcher of "sweet 420" was and our waitress said, "I am not sure, but a pitcher of Coors is 10.50." In my mind I kind of figured that a pitcher of Sweet would be more than a pitcher of Coors, but I also thought that it would be 1-2 dollars more. It ended up being $5 more and maybe I have the wrong attitude but I wish the waitress had been more informed about this, because we would have ordered a bottle of wine (which was 50% off that night) if we had known the actual price. Finally there was a possum walking around the restaurant...
Aside from the smell of the place (I really thought it smelled like worn out socks), this is a great place to go for good seafood. My favorite items on their menu were their fried grouper nuggets and chargrilled grouper sandwich.  My sister really liked the grouper supreme sandwich. The fish was so juicy and flaky. There was nothing frozen about it. Truly delicious!  However, I did find that their raw oysters weren't as fresh as I thought they would be. Adding horseradish and tobasco sauce didn't really help it either. Unfortunately, I tried Acme Oyster House prior to eating here.  So, now I know what really fresh oyster tastes like. I did like the Oysters Rockefeller, though. It was much better cooked. Their alcoholic drinks aren't bad. I had the Bushwacker, which was a combination of Kahlua, dark creme de cacao, and vanilla ice cream. It was pretty darn good. I would still recommend this place to others. They serve really good fish here.
Oysters were fresh, you could still taste the sea water. The shrimp po boy was pretty good but the flounder nuggets weren't. One of the waitresses was very rude to the other employees that greet the customers.
Good service and food.
Leg leg Pete's. One of my new favorite hang out places in pensacola. It's a dive so don't expect to be at a 5 star establishment. With their live bands and gravel parking lot it makes the list of funky dive bars for me. They have two separate dining areas. Upstairs and ground level. Both are across from the beach and they have a sand out for kids to play freely that's fenced in on the ground level. Picnic tables line the first floor and a pretty decent sized bar all facing a stage. The upstairs has a separate menu. The drinks are small and the spinach and artichoke dip is so good. The shrimp wrap was good, the fried grouper nuggets were good. I wouldn't recommend the fried catfish because it was a little greasy. The kids food comes piled high in a take home beach bucket which is pretty entertaining. Not a bad price, private parking, easy to find, live bands. Can't beat the joint! :)
This place was excellent and so happy a co worker recommended it. We stopped on our travels from Destin to New Orleans. Highly recommend you make a pit stop if you're in the area.
Great place to eat with the kids. It was about a 20 minute wait but we did not wait that long. I had the grouper sandwich, my wife had the grouper salad, kids had the corn dog, and fried shrimp basket. The grouper sandwich was excellent. The fish was fresh and flaky and blackened to perfection. The salad was a basic salad with a excellent piece of paper on top. The kids meal we're great. Anything you order the kids to get a peg leg Pete's sand pail which their food is served in. Very generous portions, service was good, definitely a four star restaurant.
Beach bar/restaurant.  We had four different types of oysters: Rockefeller, the casino, the Buffalo, and the imperial. Rockefeller: spinach and cheese very good Buffalo: great blend of hot sauce and blue cheese with breadcrumbs. Nothing overpowering just a great blend Casino: you taste the peppers and onions right away. Good flavor mix Imperial: We were disappointed on these, dry and not enough crab, just tasted like stuffing. Might go back We also had the Mix Grill: 4 shrimp, 3 scallops (very chewy) and a good fillet of grouper; all grilled. The rice pilaf and snow peas were very good.
What's not to love about this gem! Very fun atmosphere and killer oyster dishes. If you're not into oysters but love fish, they have one of the best grouper sandwiches in the area. Drinks and people etching will keep you enthralled during the long wait (verrrry long) for your food. But that is the only drawback you should experience here. Amazing restaurant!
This place is the definition of a great beach restaurant. Great staff and service that is top notch. Also, the best Gulf Grouper sandwich you can get.
After hundreds of visits over the last 15 years I can honestly say that Peg Leg Pete's is the best lunch or dinner spot on Pensacola Beach. Good for all ages you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. My personal favorite is the grouper or shrimp poboy, both my kids love the basket of grouper nuggets and my wife always loves what she orders. Tip: ask for the outside seating any time of year and arrive early! It is no secret that this is the best of Pensacola Beach and it fills up fast. btw: there is a small playground outside next to the "Underwear Bar" for the kids while you wait for your seat. We always walk on the docks before or after we eat the feed the fish (fish food machine takes quarters).
We had a 20 minute wait but it was well worth it. Everything was awesome!  From the service to the food. Best oysters and crab claws. Even the live performance was great. We will definitely be back.
Food was not worth the wait, it was just OK. Service was good. The wait was 1.5 hours. We had heard raving reviews by our friends and fellow yelpers, however, the food was not spectacular. We had better food at Shaggy's down the street but a much shorter wait. The ambiance was cool. Most of the seating was oriented outside around the bar, so watch out parents. The wait was a little more tolerable since they had a bar downstairs with live music. Also, the parking lot is not nearly big enough to accommodate their guests.  I had to park down the road quite a ways in a public lot.
Great place for seafood and the menu prices are very reasonable.  Get there early or expect to wait, this place stays busy for lunch and dinner.  I've eaten here on several occasions and enjoyed the oyster po' boy, grouper nuggets, combo platter, and grouper sandwich.  The service is good and food comes out fairly quick.
Oysters. Order them all. SO fresh. This place is always a favorite. Right on the water with great food, great beer & great friends, it really doesn't get ant better. Ps- their chicken fingers & fries are really good! 4 stars for some of the staff. Young and sometimes rude. But, whatever. Get me another beer!
Yo ho ho a pirate's life's for me. Peg leg Pete's stands out for its pirate theme and cool touches such as fish plaques on the walls. The theme was pretty cool, but slightly tacky. For instance, they were playing Pirates of the Caribbean in the gift shop. Also, be prepared to wait as this restaurant can get pretty busy. Now onto the food. The raw oysters would have been better had I not had the best oysters in my life two weeks before. Still, the oysters were really fresh, juicy, and well-shucked. We also had the grilled seafood platter, which came with fish, shrimp, and scallops. This dish's biggest flaw was that it was way too salty. Other than that it was okay.
In short, this was a fast serving, decent place. We ordered cheese sticks and spinach & artichoke dip to start. Nothing to blow the skirt up. One of us did  order steamed oysters and was thrilled with them. Then 3 of us ordered the shrimp dinner which came with loads of gulf fried shrimp and standard fries, another had the grilled mahi and he said it was really good, and the child ordered chicken strips and fries which tasted like the standard frozen kind you get anywhere else. The staff was pleasant and kept on top of all our needs. I'd say overall, it's a seafood joint so stick with that. I only wish fun spots like this didn't fall back on frozen fries and such. I'd rather wait a bit and have a smaller menu with fresher sides when serving such great fresh seafood.
From the road, this place looks so great.  The pirate theme really draws you in.  Once you get in, the theme looks less attractive, and the service makes you rethink your choice. Once seated, you wanted to leave.  The chairs are extremely small and uncomfortable .  If you go, get a booth. (Or, don't go here at all and eat elsewhere!) The staff was slightly informative, but not interested in their job at all.  The food was just, Meh.  Nothing exciting.  My Pina Colada was served in a Styrofoam Cup and tasted less than stellar.  The Gumbo was just ok, as was the lunch basket of fried shrimp.  The house salad was not worth eating, and the cheese sticks were tasteless. We were lucky and had no wait.  I would never wait for a table at this place.  The food is nothing special and the service is just as plain.  Surprisingly, this place was recommended by more than one of the locals.  We did not agree.
It was worth the 40 minute wait!! My husband had the mixed grill and I had the blackened grouper. Both were great! We finished with yummy key line pie and peanut butter pie.
Good service, good location, good food.  Nothing was spectacular but it was all good.  We decided to try it after driving by and seeing a line out the door at all times.  We went a at 4:30 and were immediately seated.  10 minutes later there was a 20-30 minute wait.
Best deal is the grouper sandwich for $10, it is a huge piece of fish and delicious! Beer and cocktails are over priced. The atmosphere was great, I enjoyed listening to the guy play his guitar and sing!
With extremely friendly staff and a great atmosphere, Peg Leg Pete's impressed me as soon as I walked in the door. The food was just as good as the service. I had the oyster sampler which came with an assortment of their baked oyster dishes. They were all really good, but I especially loved the one with spinach. To finish up I had the key lime pie. It wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was pretty close.
This is the second time I have ever visited Peg Legs and this time we werent even vacationing in Pensacola!  We were in Gulf Shores for Spring Break and HAD to make the hour drive to get that blackened Grouper sandwich!  OUT OF THIS WORLD!   We knew the place is always busy so we went about 3, hoping to beat the dinner rush.  We were told there was a 30 minute wait but only waited about 15.  The place is fun, theme is Pirates and very festive. The raw oysters I hear are the best... I just dont eat them =)   If your in the area this place is a MUST!
Really cool place with very good seafood. The raw oysters were probably the best I've ever had.  In fact, I went back again two days later for another dozen oysters. I also have the mixed grill... Shrimp, grouper and scallops. Very good! Relaxed atmosphere with decent service.
This is a local favorite place. Food was great. And family friendly with an outdoor playground and great find the license plates game for the kidos.  Try to go on off peak times.  Waits can be long.
Our main entrees and dessert were very good. Our appetizer of gumbo was bland and I had so many pieces of (I'm assuming) crab shell in mine I couldn't eat it. I had the stuffed grouper, delicious. My date had the fried crab claws and he was very happy with them. We split key lime pie for dessert and it was awesome. There was no wait to be seated, the off season is the best time to go. Our server was attentive and thorough. I've live in Pensacola my whole life and Peg Legs has always been the go to for seafood.
Tried this place as it was the "best" on the beach, however I left disappointed. Service was good. However the food was just average. I ordered the crab and shrimp combo. Crab was luke warm. Shrimp was okay but not amazing. Not sure what was so famous about it? Salad was mediocre. The coleslaw was fabulous and my favorite. Prices for food were $$ (good). Their was no beach view or even water view. The inside of the restaurant stunk on the way to the bathroom so I was glad I sat outside. Overall I'm not sure why this place is so highly recommended because there are places in town with way better food and views.
Peg Leg Pete's got a visit from the Burger Tour and.................yep, it was good. Grilled, beef, cheese, bacon, etc.....y'know? Most people come in for the bar food/seafood, but NO! Not me. Gotta get dat burger. Y'know what I noticed most about PLP? It's popular. Really. Just look at the pics. First time I wanted in, they were over a 90 minute wait. The J/J Burger Tour does not wait. And shouldn't. I should have announced I was coming. Or they should have just magically known I was on the beach that day. Oh well, second time I tried, it was over 30 minutes. On a Sunday. At 4pm. But this time....... there were women involved. So I waited. Stop laughing at me. Or rolling your eyes. Wonderful food from the seafood side of things.Oysetrs w/ bacon and cheddar, fish of the day, etc..., really good. I like the service too. Even thought the place is packed constantly, you get attentive wait staff. Gotta find a time to get back when there's no one around. Got the t-shirt, too.
Perhaps the best seafood I've ever eaten. Had Oysters Rockefeller for appetizer.. They get more than five stars-the best!  Had a dirty martini, it gets 3 stars because it was too small.  But the entree deserved more than five stars.  It was the mixed grill, shrimp, scallops, and grouper served with snow peas and cole slaw...woohoo!  So, you say, "why did you give the meal 4 stars?". I'll tell you the bar stool style chairs at the table were horrible!  They were too small in the seat and would not move back and forth under the table. It was miserable seating. Go for the food but make sure they seat you inside or at a booth out side. I would've enjoyed the meal more if I had been standing!
If you can handle the crowds, the food is very good and reasonably priced. But if you want peace and quiet - this is not the place for you.
Friendly service, great environment, tasty seafood! Our server, Joel, was very attentive and made casual convo. He recommended  their signature drink the shipwreck. Try it, super good. My daughter loved looking over the deck for jelly fish and playing on the playground. Unfortunately this place was packed on Saturday night at 6, so we chose to sit downstairs with the fried only menu. Still good, def would return!
Oysters at Peg Leg Pete's?  I'm in! Peg Leg Pete's is a casual family friendly seafood restaurant on Pensacola Beach.  This restaurant is popular amongst locals and tourists so the restaurant can get quite packed!  The outdoor deck offers great views although I prefer to sit inside with the A/C in the hot summer afternoons. The raw oysters are amazingly fresh and tasty at Peg Leg!  My mom prefers her oysters cooked so if I dine with her we usually get the oyster sampler platter as an appetizer which includes Cajun, Parmesan, Rockefeller, Casino, Spicy Lafitte, and Imperial oysters.  I recommend sharing with a large table so you don't spoil your appetite before your meal! I usually order the Mixed Grill platter at Peg Leg's because it offers a little of everything.  The platter comes with mahi, shrimp and sea scallops and sides of rice, vegetables, and garlic toast.  Bring your appetite because this platter is HUGE!  Another favorite on the menu is the grouper sandwich. If you manage to save room for dessert the bread pudding and the key lime pie are both delicious!
Beach food in a cool ambiance. My mother and I share the steamed oysters, which were good. The salads were also pretty tasty and the margaritas were generously-sized and nice. I enjoyed the outdoor seating and the service was good . There was even live music piped in from the bar downstairs. The band even played a cover of a favorite song of mine, "Brown-eyed Girl." The only reason I'm giving them 4 and not 5 stars is that they  are often very crowed. This can be an issue. My mother and I got there at 11:30 and that proved to be in the nick of time. We had seen a huge crowd there when we passed by the night before on our way back from the beach, so you may want to try to go at an off-time to avoid a wait.
Great place! Great atmosphere! Great music! The band was awesome!! That's why I stayed longer. Food was okay, great service though! Will be back!!
Let me start this review by saying that my family and I have patronizing this place since I was in diapers. Years ago, the menu was phenomenal. Everything was baked and fresh seafood sourced locally. If this is what you expect, you will be highly disappointed with the fried fare you are given. Fried, fried and more fried foods. You can wait up to two hours on a busy weekend just to get a table. Not worth your time. Try Hemmingways instead on the boardwalk. Service is rude and we were denied drinks because a table member had a paper ID with her voided hard copy. Only valid licenses accepted, ok. That would be fine if the food we received wasn't so sub par. Room temperature chilled dip?! Not acceptable. Kids meal was wrong, servers error with no apology. The manager didn't seemed bothered when it was brought to his Attention either. We will not be returning and would not recommend anyone else to here either.
It's an oyster bar so u should try the oysters. So good. We tried several different kinds. The drinks were solid too. The location is great and it's a fun atmosphere. Our waitress wasn't that great but everything else made up for it
It was good. If you're new to oysters like I am, this is a great place to start. The oyster sampler is full of great flavors that hide most of the oyster taste. The raw oysters are good as well, and unusually large in size. No wait at lunch time, and they have affordable lunch specials including "grouper nuggets". Love the atmosphere, I would not call it touristy, but it might strike some as such.
