Stuyvesant Plaza is, for me, the antidote to Crossgates Mall. Yeah, it's got a few chain stores, but it's also got a nice variety of other stores and restaurants - and a bit of character compared to the malls. I like their variety and the fact that it's not the same old stuff. The one thing I wish they could fix is the traffic pattern going through the parking lot. If you come in from Fuller Rd., the entry is a small, curved ramp which almost immediately comes to a stop sign. If there are 3 cars backed up there, you're still on Fuller Rd., blocking traffic.  Proceed clockwise from there (in front of Creo), and you've reached a point where if you want to exit on to Western Avenue, you are typically dealing with a steady stream of traffic entering on your left.
It's the "ladies that lunch plaza". Prices are a bit high here. A fur store and Jewelry store. Best bets: Pearl Grant Richmans,Executive Cleaners, The Hot Yoga Spot. The Meat House, Little Book House and Provence.
I would not have stopped here on my own, ever, given the weird nature of this rehabbed strip mall near an ugly 1960s office building bearing its name stuck off the gaudy strip that is Route 20 / Western Ave. But: on three different occasions over the last month I've been searching for specialty stores for a specific need I had, and came up with the same address: 1475 Western Ave. Which is the address for all the stores in Stuyvesant. And tonight while running my third such errand, I came across a fourth store I'd previously Yelp-bookmarked and got steered to a fifth by a store employee, an excellent restaurant of a type in short supply around here. They've got the Little Book House and Big Book House, Different Drummer Kitchen, the independently-owned Junior Shoe Port (aka Stride Rite), the very decent for a chain Cold Stone Creamery, the strangely compelling Mt Fuji Sushi, Toy Maker, and quite a number of what I'd call "upper middle" clothing store lines (Talbots, Jos. Banks, etc.) Frankly if you can come up with this number of independently / locally-owned shops in one spot, in close proximity to a number of decent dining options, it's worth pointing the car at. If you had this selection of retailers in downtown Schenectady or Albany, people would be singing about a retail renaissance  (in fact, it's not dissimilar to what happened to Berkeley, CA, although the high end stores kind of muscled out the middle there, but I digress.) Hipster, as much as I love it and patronize it, will only get you so far if you're looking for size 3 Wide kids shoes, a non-bogus work shirt that's classy but not completely predictable, a salad spinner that won't splatter you, or a children's book in French. All of which I have purchased here recently.
Ultimately any kind of mall can be no more or no less the sum of its parts. And in this case, that will be defined solely by the places on my radar (the ones I can pull out by memory). Creo - Smells better than it tastes. TGI Friday's - They really are peppy in there. I find it uncomfortable. Starbucks - Has a patio, but the one with the drive through is better. Mt. Fuji Sushi - I'm not eating sushi in Albany Cold Stone Creamery - So sweet. Too sweet. Paint Your Own Pottery - How 2001. Stride Rite - Good expensive shoes for small feet. Post Office - If there is a line, just walk away. Natural Foods Store - I'm not nearly enough of a hippy for this place. Executive Cleaners - Fine but it feels expensive. Wine and Spirits - Why go there when Empire is nearby? Londonderry - They have tables outside, but the food looks bad. Different Drummer Kitchen - REALLY expensive cooking lessons. Toymaker - REALLY expensive toys. The Book House - A gem of a local bookseller. Provence - Some of their food isn't awful. Bountiful Bread - I'm going to say, "Better than Creo." Delmar Bootery - Someone should tell them they're in Guilderland. Breuger's Bagels - Crimes against bagels. Edleez Cigar Shop - Seems to be run by kids, but has good sticks. The Meat House - I'm excited by this. Do they have rugged bear meat? Peaches Cafe - Go here for diner food that's 2x the price & 1/2 as good. Chipotle - Sells some of the highest quality food in the mall for $7. CVS - That place needs to go. It's a blight on the mall. TrustCo Bank - Telling me to trust you in your name makes me suspicious. But it's outside, and mostly shaded. Parking is never a problem. And around Christmas, they have horse drawn carriages. The place isn't awful, and there if plenty of good people watching. There are plenty more businesses in the center. But as far as I'm concerned, these are the only ones that matter. Oh. This is also kind of interesting. When you are there, smile at the camera. You are being broadcast over the internet. It's in the dome on the south side of the mall, on the corner by the AT&T wireless phone store. Creepy.
I am from the Albany area and was visiting and stopped into a few of the stores at Stuyvesant. It brought back some great memories from my Childhood when I did all my Christmas shopping for my entire family at Woolworths Five and Dime. For this visit I was there on the afternoon of Black Friday, a gorgeous sunny day and the place was buzzing with people and Christmas music and there was plenty of parking and did not feel crowded. I wish I had more time to walk through more of the stores but I most assuredly WILL be back. So much more pleasant than shopping in a mall.
LOVE Stuyvesant Plaza! Only thing missing- a great shoe store & a frozen yogurt place.
