$5 cover.  WTF!  Don't they know who I am? Seville is a guaranteed rauchy time if that's what you're after.  The first night I went there, every room of their 17 giant rooms were packed.  I didn't know where to stand to best stare at the people.  At the classy area dubbed the skank tank, some enlisted sailor thought it would be wise to pinch my ass as he passed by (what?  why?  I mean it's decent for an Asian but am no Nicky Minaj).  I yanked him back by the collar and promptly made him regret his decision.   Very favorable male to female ratio ladies!  If you're an attractive girl looking for a good time, then by golly a good time shall be yours at Seville.  Expect to have a few drinks spilled on you and maybe slip a lil on the wet floor.  Wear something machine washable and get ready to get dirty for the night!
Enjoyed the dueling pianos, but beware - they charge cover for the whole complex.
Poor service,  Staff could not have cared less.  Left and went where our hard earned $ was appreciated.   You only get one chance at a  first impression.  Epic fail!  Wont return.
Despite their raucous evenings, Seville manages to put together an incredibly nice brunch. The chef does a great job designing tasty specials every Sunday, and the scene is very casual and calm. Plus, they make one of the best Bloody Mary's I've ever had.
Love this place! Went when I was barely legal and enjoyed a special New Years Eve party. Went again last night, after 15+ yrs, it's the same ole Seville but in a great way! This place blows my mind and has so much to offer. Look forward to the next time I come.
Probably one of the best places to go while in Pensacola. Place has various different ambiances for all tastes and moods, including a Piano bar.
If you're looking to have a fun night, go here. This place is comprised is like 5 different bars and can always make a group happy. There's always a cover, but it's worth it.
Happy Holidays my Friends! Welcome to Pensacola Florida!  Here I am, in the town my family dwells in...and bored out of my mind.  My sister had the great idea of going out dancing.   After a failed attempt at a ghetto club with dirt parking lot, we decided to leave and head over to the acclaimed Seville. We parked one block away to avoid the 3 buck valet parking...we're cheap!   As we were standing in line, a tight shirt buff looking dude says, "it's cold, can I warm up with you two?"  Right....I respond with, "Its warmer inside."  My sister looks at me and says, "you're mean."  I think LA did this to me.  He was with a huge dude standing next to him...then he says, "awww come on, it's cold."  I replied with, "your friend looks pretty warm," pointing at him.  hehe...I am kind hearted.  :) So we enter, after paying a 5 buck cover charge....cover charge?  What ev!!  This place is huge!  First we hear a bad 80's cover band, then dueling pianos, then a sports bar.  My sister drags me to the hip hop side.  And my dear friends for the first time we danced together.  My ghetto fabulous sister dances so cute.  She always made fun of me for not having any soul, but dear my she has never seen this girl shake it.  We danced and danced and danced...and I laughed at her because she was just shakin her little hips in hopes she would look cute.  hehe... I ventured to the bar 4 times.  "Vodka soda, please."  Weak!  So weak!!  So I asked for a double the second time around...and again...weak!  No wonder why they are 4 bucks!  I decided Corona was going to be my drink choice.  After being done with the bad DJ and Pcola crowd we decided to try a different room.  We went out side to hear the live band sing flat and join the crowd of happy drinkers.  That is where my big sis met her match.  A 5'5" round man.  Yeah, not so much.   After much dancing, weak drinks, and bad pick up lines, we left to our car one block away. So why do I give it 4 stars?  Mainly because for Pcola, it is still quite impressive with it's New Orleans them, huge rooms, packed out bars, and cheap prices.  There is no other place in town like it.  If you are swinging thru town, you MUST check this place out.
$5 bucks to get in.  What you get when you get in.  5 different bars, and an outdoor patio.  One bar had a dj and dance floor, another had dueling pianos, another was just a small bar, another had pool tables, and the patio had a small outdoor patio with a live band. This place is good when your not sure what exactly you want to do since you got a little of everything. Plus love the decor.  From the outside, this place looks like old french quarter, reminscent of bourbon street. $3 dollar pitchers of beer!!  Need i say more.
The drinks are a bit watered down and its crawling with military... BUT, here's the positives... The crowds are always fun. The people are friendly.  The staff is the best.  Take a taxi and disappointment can never find you.  The bands are phenomenal no matter the weather. I was outside in 49 degree weather,  drizzling just a bit, and there's still a band outside. The commitment is outstanding. I love this place.
Been going here for many years. I was bassist for Blue Sky Salesman back in the late 90's and we had house gigs there almost every week. Some nights are better than others. Locals know when to go. It's not Seville's fault that people don't know how to dress for a Friday night out - yeah the Cali scene the last seven years have spoiled me to seeing nothing but hotties in amazing dresses so a little shocked to see what people wear around here (stuck in the early 90's, honestly). Good bands play here. Great musicians still haunt these old halls. The dance club needs a DJ and needs to lose a couple of those protection tv's. Oh and no smoking indoors! Come on Florida, it's 2011. Get with the times for a change. Teenie wine bar in the front is a good start! I like it. Seville is still the place to go since there's so much room and various entertaining options. Happy Hour prices are awesome, best in town that I've found. End O the Alley is a great place to get some fresh air, chill out and people watch. I love you, Seville! See you again soon.
Went to this place with friends trying to find the piano bar but it was closed so went into the bar to check it out. Nice spacious bar with plenty of chairs and last night they had Karaoke. The DJ Karaoke guy was lively and encouraging to the crowd and participants. The place was very smokey though and the bartenders did not make good drinks. I tried several different ones to see if he could get it right but they were really bad! I went back to the bar to try to get another bartender to fix it and he basically said I needed to finish my drink because the new one he would charge me for. We aren't from these parts so I'm not sure if there any other venues but if you're here, stick to beer if you want a good drink!
Your late night entertainment can begin and end here.  Wow... this place is decked out with so many bars in one area.  You have your sports bar, the dance floor, the piano bar with great dueling piano music, and of course just your typical pool hall.   The setting is kinda old grungy, dirty, and smokey feel.  Heading in you are blasted with cigarette smoke.  You will definetly need to go home and shower/desanitize your body and clothes.   Entertainment wise, I'd suggest making a round of the place and plop down at the piano bar.  The entertainers are great and can sing, dance, and play cow-bell really well (^_^).  Very entertaining.   If you want to get your hooche on... head over to the dance floor (Aka skank tank).  You can dance the night away... grinding it.. and working it.   Drinks are standard.  Beer, liquour.  I haven't found anything unique about their drinks.
This place is huge! So many different rooms! It's really 3.5 stars... The Tourism Cares registration/welcome night was held here. They served light hors d'oeuvres like chicken tenders (DELISH), meat balls in a weird sauce (not good), skewers (didn't try because it looked dry), cheese and bread (VERY lightly buttered) and the best dish that night...jambalaya! The jambalaya was really tasty. The bartenders were conservative with the liquor pour but it was free so can't complain. For dinner, we ate at the restaurant next door. I had the chicken tenders with seasoned fries. My boss ordered the pasta side dish and it was amazing! So creamy and smooth. Delicious! Our server was very friendly...Jacob but I think it's r supposed to be Jacobus. After dinner, Jacob walked us over to the piano bar and it seemed like a cool hangout...and it looks like they charge for entry. Cool place!
Well I made my first trip to Seville since returning to Pensacola and I have to say that everything I remember is still true. Same stupid cover charge (possibly the ONLY night spot in Pensacola to charge one?). Same slutty women and horny (mostly military) guys. Same overcrowded rooms with no escape from the constant loud loud loud music everywhere you go. I'm just glad to know that I am not missing much by choosing to go elsewhere.
Great drunken memories at this place hahaha! Haven't been here since 2007...but have been an avid customer from 2000 to 2007.  I was young, in the military...and was doing tha typical young military lifestyle. Work..then get drank on the weekends.... There's not too many clubs to go to in the NorthWest region of florida...this is probably the best pick there is. There is a cover charge, i don't remember...never paid.  Since this place is near the Pensacola Naval Air Station and not too far from Hurlburt Field Air Force Base....you will encounter LOTS of military people there...sometimes even in uniform There's i think like 5-6 different rooms with different atmospheres, all of them have bars. This place looks like a brothel just out of cowboy western movie. The main room which mostly plays alot of the top 40's songs, has a video camera on the dance floor...which displays all the drunken debauchery going on in that room from top to bottom onto a huge screen behind the DJ....then when people see themselves on the screen they go NUTS!! Blame it on the alcohol. and there's NO DRESS CODE, gets packed fairly quickly...you can pretty much dance with anybody...there was always this one tall chubby asian dude on the stage with his glow sticks dancing by himself...i wonder if he's still there....
Seville is fun because there are literally 8 different rooms in this club and the theme of the club is French Quarter. The crowd is obviously UWF students and military guys. I used to live in the area and never went (too young) but ended up going with friends when I went to visit this summer. I personally enjoyed the dueling pianos.  I was there with a group and we had a blast. After a few too many drinks me and my friend went into the karaoke room, which was sad. And because it is Pensacola, everyone and their mother was there.  We ended up in the "Hip hop room" and left after about 3 seconds because it was also "dress like a viking and run around screaming" night, so it was intolerable. Some woman was walking around with a plastic spear and pretending to stab people. It was really strange. Overall, aside from the viking thing, it was a fun night. Not a place I would go to more than a few times. The crowd is really rowdy-perhaps the viking attire had some influence on this. The drinks were nothing special-obviously they only serve the purpose of getting people intoxicated. Do it if you happen to be in town.
It's a very peculiar and one-of-a-kind joint that charges a $5-$10 cover or something like that. The door staff is generally pretty chill, but I've been here a couple of times and missed the line, thanks god, but I've seen that bitch stretching around the corner sometimes! Once you get in the bar staff is generally pretty friendly, if not swamped from time to time. Cheap ass beers make for a pretty good time, as do the scantily clad young girls that are trying out their first pair of stiletto heels. Overall it's an amazing bar that caters to all different kinds of crowds. There is a night club, a piano bar that makes a retarded amount of money from crazy military people playing to hear "their military song," a pool hall, so on and so forth. You get the idea.
I've been here a bunch since my 18th birthday. I've lived all over the world, I've been to a "disco" in Venice, Italy- heck even one in Turkey and they were comparable. I've found being friendly to the staff and  tipping well usually gets me a good drink (those rules apply mostly everywhere, right?). The antique bars are really beautiful, I don't know if anyone appreciates them. The food is not really that great. The DJ is hit or miss. The Modern Eldorados play there often enough :) It's huge and really has something to offer everyone- a pub, a pool haul, a courtyard, reggae, a booty music club, live music, a piano bar.. (I give it three stars because the bathrooms are really an issue, after 20 years of going, same issues and I think it is bad business to invite that many people into your establishment and have plumbing issues, gross.)
So I guess if your stuck in Pensacola (I feel for you!) this is the only place to go. It's big, I guess that's one thing good about it. On the other hand you have disgustingly nasty women shaking their stuff, 18 y/o military guys making disgusting hand gestures, and the ever present high school kids who snuck in with their fake id's. Plus, the drinks at this place SUCK! If you for some reason think this place is actually worth more than 2 stars I beg you to go to a real club out of the area.
More of a local and regular. Keep coming for the quarter beers on Wednesday. Plus dueling pianos covering a plethora of songs.
Sadly, Seville Quarter has dropped their poker on all night except for Friday. Bummer. But I've picked up where I left off with their running club on Monday nights!
Another place that has been around for years. Numerous bars in one facility. Old historic building. Each establishment is different. You have to go around and see which one fits what you want for the evening....food, sports, or dancing.  It's kinda like being In The French Quarter. Worth a visit.
If you're 18 - 25, this is probably the place for you. For someone in their 30's, we're better off playing elsewhere. But the space is huge and pretty cool. It's just a very young crowd, that's all...
Massive complex in downtown Pensacola. Wine bar, small restaurant and a large club location located inside of building. I've eaten and partied there and overall, all parts of it are pretty so-so. Disco sucks but the restaurant is makes up for it slightly. It has some good cajun dishes and decent service. The disco, which I reviewed in depth on Yelp, leads alot to be desired. It's so big I think everyone should swing by and they may find something they like inside.
There's about 5 different "bars" in this one location, so all your friends can come out and all do something different.  There's a dance floor, pool hall, karaoke bar, piano bar, and sports bar. It was packed for an off night, but I could see why. Its all the entertainment of one NYC block crammed into a single venue in the middle of Pensacola's "Historic District".
Always a good place to go with friends and def the hangout for all of us after a long week of work. I like the environment it's kinda crowded though once college nights go on. Overall love it though
First of all let me just say, Pensacola, in general, sucks and is boring "as all get out" (thats what people in Pensacola say lol).. with that said,  Seville Quarter in my opinion is the only decent place to go to if you fancy some evening debauchery... yes, its as big as everyone says, yes, they have different rooms with different music, yes, the drinks are soo watered down, yes, there are  tons of  military seamen spilling out from room to room fighting over Beckys and Britneys, that sometimes the pick-up line entertainment is actually better than the music itself.  Its nothing like clubbing in South Beach, or NYC or L.A., where you have to dress to impress, because most of the guys there have on tshirts and sneakers, but hey if you're in Pensacola you kinda dont expect too much anyway, so I say give Seville a night, if you're drunk enough you'll have a BLAST :-)
This place used to be one, if not the only place that we used to frequent. Unfortunately after having a couple of runs with really rude staff members on Halloween weekend, we will never step foot @ Seville Quarters. We sat at the bar for 34 min. Waiting on someone so serve us a drink.  Finally someone came and when we told him what happened he blew us off, gave us attitude and proceeded to ignore us and took someone elses order. My party of 12 and I left to another club due to rudeness and we won't ever be back due to this incident.
I was here once during my brief interlude between my first and second trip to Iraq. Why do I mention this to start off the review? Because I'm Army. A soldier. This place is crawling with sailors up and down. I hate sailors. I guess hate's a strong word, but I tend to dislike the Navy.   Anyway, it's not a bad place overall. There's a hip hop club which I checked out, and immediately left. Same as in any hip hop club that's predominately white: A bunch of horny dudes who think they're tough trying to spit game to women who flatly reject them until they get drunk. One group of black dudes scaring all the suburbanites, women that want to believe they're too good for you, when in all reality they're just 3 martinis from giving you a hand job on the dance floor.   There's also a karaoke bar, which I sat down at because I love watching drunk people make an ass of themselves (and I didn't partake surprisingly). But there was no one singing who had any real talent. There was a live band somewhere around there, but I'm from Nashville. We have better live bands playing for money on the streets.   My personal favorite was the piano bar. I do love a fun piano bar. It was here that I showed up the entire US Navy. Long story short, I payed to have "The Army Goes Rolling Along" played, which infuriated the two dozen sailors there. They payed for "Anchors Away". Yada yada yada, we kept going back and forth, and about $150 later, I got my song played again, and got them to sing "In the Navy" by the Village People. I wasn't a well liked soldier, but it was very worth it. It also goes to show the piano players are some cruel bastards who like a joke. So that's a plus.  All in all, it doesn't seem like a bad place to go with some friends (the people I was with weren't really friends). I think if you go with a group you could have a great time. But for now I'm sticking with 3 stars.
Cant' go into to many details of the bar itself because to be honest every time i go there i get way too drunk. Its hard not to, its like a small mall but instead of clothing stores there are bars. Last time i was there one of the 6 something bars had a great 80's cover band and everyone was singing and dancing and having a good time. I want to give this place less stars just because its such a meat market and I hate running into everyone I see at work there but that's Pensacola.
Check out other places in Pensacola and then go here.  Its easily one of my favorite bars I've ever been too due to its uniqueness.  The whole building feels like the french quarters in New Orleans.  My favorite part by far is the Piano bar.  I request Old Crow Medicine Show's "Wagon wheel" every time and one of the guys breaks out a fiddle.
I actually had a really great time here. There are something like 9 different bars all with their own style and vibe so it makes a great place to bring a great group of friends where you can all just roam around and do your own thing without really ever losing anybody. Went on a Thursday and that place was still jamin! A bit too many 18 year olds in the club section tho....so that was sort of annoying. But other than that, I had a great time and would definitely go back.
They have bars, bars w dance floors and a dueling piano show.. but they also have a lot of douche bags hanging out.. gets crowded and everybody is sweaty and rubbing against eachother :(
I have been to many different clubs and bars from different parts of the world so please dont take this personally but as far as clubs go...this is the best you are going to get for the area. This club seems to draw a bit more mature crowd and I rarely see a scruffle or fight ensueing from a night here...okay music, huge arena but it can get old pretty quick.
Many a great night was spent here back in the day. With great friends - what it is all about.
Another totally A-OK joint in Pensacola.  See it once.....and move on!
This is truly a pretty diverse club with multi clubs within to enjoy. The environment was nice and the drinks were pretty good. If you are military, then expect to be treated like crap at the door, but other than that it was good times.
Very cool historic building- but it can be a tad overwhelming since there are like 7 bars under one roof.  I like to go here for a party holiday or if it's a special night out with friends, but I can't go here on a regular basis.  The crowd is mainly military and bathrooms get a little packed too easily.  The piano bar is probably my favorite.  There's a $5 charge at the door unless you have a membership card.  It's a fun time and a great cultural experience, but not a place to go on a regular basis.
It's a pretty nice establishment with a few different vibes to pick from. There's something for everyone there. In the club portion, the bar staff is decent, the music is very outdated though. They're definitely in need of a new dj when the same songs are played every week.
Horrible. The door guy "martin" got the party started by being a racist jerk. Then we had to pay a huge cover. Not worth it. Bathrooms dirty and the staff was suck up. Place could be good if the staff and management was nice. Will never go back.
sure seville has several bars of different types to choose from but its not that great. pay 10 dollar cover charge and many times have to stand in long line to get in. parking sucks have to park aways away many times in areas not very lite or safe. once in can get very crowded with lots of younger crowd lots of young military guys with cheesey pick up lines. the bar where they play dance music has very crowded dance floor, gets very hot. if you want a drink have to wait in long line for very watered down drinks. the piano bar is fun but can get real boring quick. guess best area is out in back on the patio more open and relaxing, i have heard from others this is the meat market place to go too to hook up do usually get lucky with the young ones.
This place is cool the first few times you go to it. It gets lame after a while. Especially with all the lame people that go there.
This is by far my favorite bar in Pensacola.  The bartenders are all super friendly, the building itself is a beautiful and historic piece of architecture, and there are usually three to four bands playing throughout the place.  You can dress to impress or keep it casual, it's pretty versatile and has something to offer for everyone.  I LOVE YOU SEVILLE QUARTER!
