We went to this place one of the nights while on vacation. It was about 8pm.  When we came in, we didn't know if we had to wait to be seated or if we could seat ourselves. So we seated ourselves in the sand area. The view was breathtaking. It overlooks the ocean, you got your feet in the sand, and you have pretty lights above you. What else can you ask for? And then we waited and waited and waited for our server to come to our table. We waited about 15 minutes for our server to show up. (By the way, it wasn't even busy) The we ordered drinks and food right away. I had the fried fish basket and the fish didn't taste so good. Tasted slimy inside. The cole slaw that came with it was not good at all. The hush puppies and French fries tasted really good. The rest of my party had 2 fried shrimp baskets and the beer boiled gulf shrimp. They loved their food. Our server did check up on us a couple times when were were eating but when we had finished eating and we were ready to go, she pretty much disappeared. From the point we asked for our check and when we left, about 20 minutes went by. She was very slow. I'm a waitress at a very busy restaurant and I couldn't imagine serving people like that. Please hire some better servers! Anyways, 2 stars for the view and for the hush puppies.
The location itself is nice, but sadly the bartenders (the females mostly) are snotty and rude. I stood behind my girlfriend as she placed an order and I seen the snotty look she got from the bartender. We should have left then, but we sat out at a table. When she went back to get another round for us they completely ignored her, we eventually gave up and left. There doesn't seem to be a cutoff limit there either, there was several obnoxious people yelling across the bar at each other, and this was 2 or 3 in the afternoon. We're both locals and both veterans of the service industry, so we know how it goes. I doubt I'll ever go back.
The negative reviews...really people? It's not a five star resort. The waitress we had was super busy, but managed to give us great service. The food was very good, for bar food. We had the fried pickles, mozzarella sticks, and the fish of the day (Mine was blackened, my hubbies fried) it was good! I had a bahama momma...$5.75...11 bucks? The band was great, and free...what more could you ask for? Thanks to Captain Kirk of Condor Sailing for a great time and a great recommendation! :-)
Had the black and blue burger and bushwhackers. The food was great. The band was absolutely fabulous. The view is awesome.
Bushwacker in hand, feet in the sand...not much more you could ask for. Very appropriately named!
Don't go here for the food! Yes, it is on the beach but my burger was horrible.I have to say the waitress was very nice.
Whoever was negative on this place has a stick up their butt. Food was great and came quickly; music was wonderful and the whole atmosphere was SO FLORIDA VACATION! Worth an evening :) enjoy!
Omg I am here now and we have been waiting for literally 1 1/2 hours to get served. Really? They need to fire this girl in black ponytail and grey/black top and black shorts with stripes...SHE is the most horrible waitress I've ever accoutered. I wish I knew her name ...I'm reporting her because this is the second time I've been here and she served us and she was horrible last time. (She forgot we were even here) I try to give people the benefit of the doubt but this right here is ridiculous!
This was the first stop in our Pensacola beach seafood binge. We had the fried fish and a hot dog. The fried fish basket was actually pretty good - nicely battered and fresh. And the hot dog, was well, a hot dog (it's pretty hard to mess that one up). Besides the okay food, we felt really out of place. Let me break it down for you. We just arrived at night after a 6 hour drive, so all we wanted were some solid food and relaxation. Upon entering, we were confused whether we should seat ourselves or ask to be seated. Here are some other highlights: Everyone looked plastered and I could barely hear myself talk over the loud music. This place was sketchy from location to layout. If you're looking to socialize, be prepared to meet some cracked out people. I guess to them this was paradise.
My wife and I visited on a Thursday night.  I had the gulf shrimp and jalapeno poppers, and she had the black and blue burger.  The gulf shrimp wasn't anything special, but the jalapeno poppers were okay.  My wife really enjoyed her burger.  Service was kind of slow, but there was certainly some interesting The place was a little sketch, so I've prepared a guide to help you determine if you'll feel out of place when visiting this restaurant.  If you can't answer yes to at least 3 of the 5 questions below, you will probably feel out of place. Are you a convicted sex offender whose offense was committed in a trailer park or at a Chuck-E-Cheese? Have you ever appeared on an episode of COPS in a role other than that of law enforcement? Are you a pregnant 12 year old (or were you pregnant when you were 12 years old)? Do you consider the Econo Lodge, the Days Inn or Red Roof Inn "luxury hotels that we can't ever afford"? Do you prefer your Miller High Life with a little "meth on the side"? If you didn't answer yes to at least 3 of the 5 questions above, you can still have a good time.  You just might feel out of place.
Set against the Bay and quaint and friendly if not modern and cookie-cutter highrise, this little motel has stood strong and fun against times  hard enough to fall much larger businesses.  From my four day stay i can only conclude the reason for this is the people in and around it.   But most of you people are reading this for the bar review, so let's cut there quickly.  The main bar is outside with plenty of seating around its horseshoe, and plenty of tables and benches on either side- flanking the tiny stage where live music plays most nights- or away from it, for conversation type indulgences.  There is also seating out against the water, and a long dock you can lash right up to.  A side note on the music: even when it was loud and rockin at the bar, our room around the corner was more than silent enough, even with a yappy dog barking a room over. oh yes, your pet can stay for 25 bucks, and there's a dog beach real close. Back to the bar and grill.  I can't say the overall menu is highbrow, but it's also not super standard, either (much like the rooms.)  There's a smoked tuna salad that was kind of uninspired (crackers and celery not brioche or  even toast), but there is also crab-stuffed jalapeno poppers that some people love and others lose the crab in the fry.  We also dined on some quesadillas which were made with fresh ingredients (notably), and the cuban sandwich was spot on.  Pulled pork nice and tender, thick salty ham, pickles... all toasted and pressed between butter-crisped bread.  That was a surefire winner on a hot day. Everything was quite on the inexpensive side, surprisingly so.  Sadly, if beautifully, our waitress also came back to us to make sure that my one hundred percent tip (on a way small bill- six dollar blended patron margaritas? get out!) was intentional.  As i mentioned before, the staff here is a great bunch of people, which is i guess why it has a strong local following. And back to the room...  small fridge, microwave, in-room coffee, and a blowdryer on the wall (though mine didn't work).  The tv was a tube, though if that bothers you for some reason.  Also, in the office they provide free breakfast foods, like pop-tarts and microwaveable sausage biscuits and bagels.  And milk and OJ. i just can't give this place less than the full monty.  Even if some things aren't modern or top-notch, there is more than enough compensation just by the reality and ease of pleasant life provided and the atmosphere of the entire property not to love these people, this place, and encourage anyone i can to spend their hours and money in Paradise.
Paradise bar and grill is it's own little slice of heaven.  With a clear view of the bay this hidden gem (obscured by a bungalo motel) is a must to experience the character that is pensacola beach.  Whether visiting by boat (dock puts you dead center in the beach section of the restaurant), by car, or on foot. You will not be dissapointed. It is for all comers - so if you are a dining snob you need to park the attitude at the door - or you will miss out on a great meal.  With most of the tables under a fabric roof outside, a mist system provides a great respite from the florida sun.  The fish basket/sandwhich is wonderful.  The fish is battered oh so lighlty in a cornmeal breading.  The hush puppies are equally delightful.  The tartar sauce is unique and enjoyable.  The burgers are above what you would expect, and the Cuban is out of this world. The only thing i don't get on the menu is the fried popcorn shrimp. there are too many enjoyable entrees and too much great shrimp nearby to mess with.  The beer is cold and the view of the bay memorable. Do yourself a favor and have a bite in paradise.
At first we pulled into a motel when we got here.  It was strange like we were going to eat at somebody's motel room.  It took a long time for me to warm up to this outdoor bar and grill because I couldn't understand what would bring my parents here.  It was a place I would be going to with my friends from Chicago. There was a lot of bar space and plastic tents to sit under.  I kept my eyes on the majestic pier and water.  The white sand was within inches of us and the palm trees complimented the place.  We sat around a few plastic tables with chairs around a few bowls of chips and salsa.  This was cool. I ordered cole slaw and a burger with swiss cheese and mushrooms.  My burger was juicy and well done just as I enjoy my burgers.  The servers blended well in this humbling atmosphere and we all got along and the place grew on me.   I met some pirate looking islanders with small talk and a long walk on the pier.  The band was country music very slow and sad love songs woozing and it was just so hot I couldn't wait to get back into the A/C. Although this is the place where I felt closest to God, its a great after work place for islanders and bikers probably.  I did enjoy sharing real smiles here and tender stares of kindness.  I'd walk here and not drive.
The Paradise is really more than just a bar and grill.  There is a beach area with chaise lounges and umbrella- protected picnic tables that provides a place to get sun and frolic in the sound. Live bands play inside the big canopy or outside on the stage regularly, and the offered genres are varied and appealing to everybody.  There is ample room to dance, but also enough space to retreat and have enough quiet and solitude to have an intimate conversation.  The place isn't so loud that you can't take a date there and have some Q&As about food, music, movie, ow whatever preferences. The bathrooms are spacious and clean.  The men's room is, at least...I've never ventured into the women's room for fear of grievous insult and/or bodily injury.  I'm not a coward, but neither am I a knave or cad.  Those restrooms are also easy to get to, unlike some bars where you have to sustain 13 elbows to the kidneys fighting your way through a crowd of loaded revelers.  Just sayin'... I had several things to eat at the Paradise, and I've never been upset by what I got.  I wouldn't say that what I've eaten was in the top tier of beach food, but it isn't in the worst tier, either.   The bushwackers aren't the best on the beach, IMO, but they aren't horrible, either.   All in all, the Paradise is a great place to loiter and become a regular.  The staff are friendly and, as another review stated, the crowd is diverse.  If you haven't been to the joint, you should make a visit soon.
Absolutely one of the best places on Pensacola Beach to have a VERY inexpensive meal and a GREAT time. All the locals hang out here. Live entertainment most nights and I've yet to have a bad meal. Try the fresh catch fish or opt for a "Fred's Black and Blue Burger". NOTHING on the menu is over 11 bucks and the burgers start at $4.25! Their quesadillas are a perfect late night snack. Ride your bicycle, walk,  or tie up your boat on their private pier. It's a Jimmy Buffet kind of experience. No shirt, no shoes no problem! Great staff, drinks, and great (did I mention cheap!) food.
Loved this little dive beach bar with surprisingly good food!  The bar staff was friendly and they have a great selection of draft beers.  We enjoyed the crab cake stuffed poppers and the beer boiled shrimp with our cold beers.  The band was good and the view was spectacular.
Extremely meh. Food was edible, not special. Appetizers were straight bar food, and nothing special. Burgers were just decent burgers, nothing special. Beer list was very short and nothing special. Service was ok... Wait for it... Nothing special. You probably won't hate the place, but you definitely won't love it.
I'm a local resident and I have to say that I will dine here NO MORE.  I'm tired of the not so nice staff and quite honestly the place is just a little to dirty/grungy for my taste.  Soap and water Paradise owners. Try some! Food is good for bar food but you will always have to wait a longtime to get it to the table.  At least they are consistent with something!
Outdoor locals bar with a great atmosphere.  Live bands all the time, bay front seating (and serving). Great variety of people. If you want a strong, cheap drink with the sand in your toes (literally), you'll go here.  Also attached to the cheapest little place to stay on the beach!  They've got what you need.
You know the phrase, "to know me is to love me"? That's what I feel about Paradise. It's a friendly place with an outstanding view with some tasty food after a day on the boat. Yes, they have plenty of parking for your boat! The motel is a bit divey, but the bar is just a great place to hang out with friends and people watch. You will see a little bit of everything there which will definitely give you something to talk and laugh about later. By the way, order the chicken quesadilla. You won't even believe how freaking delicious it is!
Shhhh dont tell anyone . Secret place to hang out, and have a great time with great food from great people. Snap!
Thank you Yelp for the suggestion of Paradise Bar & Grill!!  We were staying in their motel and wondering where to go for dinner. After searching thru several places we decided to give the motel's bar a try and are we ever happy we did!! We had GREAT food while listening to GREAT music with our feet in the sand and the water to look at! Doesn't get much better then that!! We had the fish special, YUM! Hush-puppies were very good. We also split the crab poppers and they were wonderful as well!! The only downfall was we had to wait a LONG time to get our drinks, they were busy, but a well trained waitress wouldn't have been that long. But, it was worth it and we were there to relax and enjoy, so we really didn't care.  It has a very "local" feel about the place, not overly crowded, not a tourist trap...just great people there to have a great time!!
Very solid local dive.  Had the grouper sandwich...blackened.  Good service too.
Was brought here on a date with one of my best friends. Great atmosphere, the view is really nice and there was live music that night. The staff was friendly and helpful and the food was good. My friend comes here all the time and I can really see why. It's a really nice outdoor bar and has a really relaxing vibe. Can't wait to come back.
love this place came here for a bachelor party. Just happened to have some of the food and I have to suggest you try the grouper sandwich you will not be disappointed
Thanks for all the reviews... convinced us to check this bar and motel out...great place and excellent service... Great location, nice beach area to go grab a tan seating area with misting fans to keep you cool. Very much a locals bar. If you are a non-smoker, I would sit outside or in the dining area.
Love the outdoor toes in the sand to start off, then my waitress was so kind THEN my blacked blue burger with potato salad was amazing!  Definitely feeling paradise right now!     One lil thing is the burger was a little salty almost too much seasoning but it was delish!
Really enjoyed the burger, beer and atmosphere. A little off the beaten-path.
This place is right on the beach, and has pretty good food.
Biker bar meets Yuppies...eccentric crowd . Fun and always different. Don't believe them when they say they have the best Bushwakers tho...they come from a machine!
Excellent food, service, and atmosphere. One of our most favorite places on earth. Try the mahi mahi basket.. Excellent!
Never again! This place is a bit scary and the food is not all that great! Read Adam B's review on 6/16/2011 and it will give you an insight of what the atmosphere is like in this place!
Ambiance is okay if you're just there to unwind and judge it for the fun but not the chosen paint for the place. Yes, there is a motel in the surrounding vicinity but who cares. It's where the locals do so when in Pensacola do as the locals do. BUSHWACKERS, why yes please but after the third one, I don't want it with 151 but add vodka instead. This was a very scenic casual place. Live music, sitting on picnic tables on the sand with the view of the ocean while you sip on Bushwackers. Think of a Frozen White Russian drink with 151. It will bite you in about two hours but it's best served among friends. Come by right before the sunset and walk to the dock right around sunset to admire the beauty of Pensacola and go back to do shots with your friends. We had fried everything to eat but that's because we just wanted to unwind and party it up. Drinks are cheap but they don't taste cheap because again you might get whacked.  Don't judge the place without experiencing it first. It's not going to be a snobby bar by the water. Oh, and try fried green beans with an order of Bushwacker.
Very disappointing. Have a beer, enjoy the view, then eat somewhere else. My fish basket consisted of one thin piece  maybe four ounces, a handful of fries, three hush puppies,, two tablespoons of cole slaw, and some tartar sauce, all for my eleven bucks. The so -called "smoked tuna dip" was about four tablespoons of what looked like s.o.s. for eight bucks! I thought I had wandered into a Salvation Army serving line. Paradise? You've got to be kidding.
The bartender was friendly and the food came out quickly.  The food and drink were reasonably priced.
