BEST seafood on the gulf. Cheap. Fresh. And cooked/boiled with seasoning for no extra charge. Beignets out front filled with cream are THE BEST thing Ive ever eaten!!
Ever go into place with one expectation, and get another? When I was a kid in the 1980's, I had vague memories of a fish market my family and I would go to.  I didn't remember the name, just the way it smelled.  I like the smell of seafood, so it was a familiar, comforting smell to me.  But darn it all if I couldn't remember what the place was. In preparing for my recent trip, I stumbled across Joe Patti's.  I read that it had been around practically forever, did delivery, and had a sushi section, so this was marked off on my list "To Try". When I pulled into the parking lot, I couldn't shake the feeling of familiarity.  Had I been here?  Was I projecting some sense of nostalgia wanting to happen?  Regardless, the feeling didn't leave me until I walked through the doors. The scent of the rows of busily prepared seafood hit me, and unlocked a flood of surprising, yet incredibly fond memories. Not wanting to be that "weirdly emotional guy in a seafood market", I shook it off, and continued to explore.  Sure enough, it was the place my family and I had frequented 30 years ago. The missus and I decided to try their sushi.  Oh my God.  Fresh.  Ridiculously so, and the fish was in huge chunks, perhaps the biggest I've ever had for salmon rolls.  We ate like royalty.  If I lived in Pensacola, I could see myself frequenting here weekly. Before we left, I picked up one of the family cookbooks. I... think I'm going to have to start placing some orders over to my side of the world soon.
We always make a few stops here when we visit. I always look at the signs to see what is fresh for the day. Fresh fish at a great price is all I can say. Whatever you choose to do with the fish is up to you. The past few years I've had an added treat when we stop to pick up fish. A sushi counter. OMG YUM! I love sushi, my family only eats cooked fish, so I was ecstatic to find a sushi counter inside J.P's. I'm from Dallas, so sushi is expensive, but here it is such a good price I wanted to order everything! Spicy tuna, delicious. Tuna nigiri has a giant piece of tuna and nigiris are ordered in twos. I've also had the eel nigiri which was awesome, a shrimp tempura roll for the family that they loved, and a salmon roll (I forgot which one). Basically, I can't see anyone going wrong by ordering here. Know the process: You grab a sheet, fill it out, pay at the main counter where you buy fish, then take the paper back to the counter to place your order. It's a few too many steps for me especially on weekends when JP's is crowded, maybe they'll get their own register soon. Now I want sushi... Good think I brought fish home with me!
Bustling fresh seafood market with an enormous selection of fresh fish and shellfish. Everything is super high quality and the prices are very reasonable, much more than in Perdido Key which is where we have a place. They also have an area with gourmet condiments, preserves and seasonings as well as a bakery where French Bread is baked daily. In addition, they sell fresh gelato and a variety of homemade dips (crab and artichoke, smoked tuna, etc..). Last of all, they double bag your purchases on ice and will also steam your fresh shrimp on the spot for free with your choice of seasoning (plain, mild, medium, spicy or very spicy) and/ with fresh lemon. Joe Patti's is a highlight of every trip we make to Perdido Key!
High expectations based on reviews. Totally disgusted. Wish I could give zero stars. The fishy smell upon entering was so overpowering, I felt as if I would vomit a few times. I've been in fish markets before that don't smell this way at all. The sushi I purchased was so smelly, it stunk up the car and house. I couldn't even try anything but one piece of the veggie roll and the entire order, all $25, went in the trash. Shrimp tempura was salty, fishy-tasting, and inedible. One bite and that was thrown out too. The beignets at the outside food truck were thin and lackluster, not at all what you would get in NOLA. Never again, Joe, never again.
Bustling fish market with a huge selection! Everyone was so nice and helpful. They have a wonderful little grocery area with tons of unique items. To top it off they have a gelato bar and hot fresh beignets. If i lived closer I'd get my lunch here often!
Hoshitashi! I felt like that Martin episode when Martin got that Hitachi big screen TV, when I stepped into this place. If you love fresh seafood this is the place to go. From salmon roe to cucumber rolls, there is nothing but fresh seafood of all types. They have the freshest plump sushi rolls I've ever seen, and the fattest spiciest cooked crawfish I've ever had. Also, service was friendly and patient. Plus, the prices are nice. I'll definitely be back in the future with a cooler in tow.
This place is crazy during summer so be prepared for crowds and noise.   However, any mayhem is well worth it because JP's has the best fresh, local seafood in the PCOLA area.  JP's is mainly a fish market but you can buy and eat there.  I like to pick my fresh shrimp, have them steam it on the spot for me and eat it outside.  Whether you are taking it home or eating there you can't go wrong.   *Limited outdoor and indoor seating.
Outstanding business, which has been around for a long time. We were told about this from my parents and after a few disappointments already with recommendations we were surprised that this one panned out. First thing don't go here hungry, we were so we left for a little bit and hit up Joe Patti Jr's a block down for a great meal. Second, get a number (on a ticket) and then pick your seafood out. Once your number is called you raise your hand and someone will come right over and help you. They will also give you tips on how to prepare the food. Third, go directly to the registers at the far end of the building and pay for your food and ask them to steam it (we asked for old bay on ours). This will take a little bit so now time to go shopping for more food. Forth, head over to the bakery and pick up some fresh French bread, they also have samples for you to try also. We then picked up a few different kinds of cheese and sausage since we were having a big dinner with a bunch of family members. Now the last thing to do and a definitely MUST is to get some of their gelato ice cream. It is great and definitely something to do on a super-hot day. Please do NOT pass this step or else you will leave this place with a void, it was super tasty. What a great time it was. Who knew you could have such a great time at a fish market and pick up so many different things there at the same time. Joe Patti's will always have a place in our family.
I've always like Joe Patti and this trip for fresh tuna and salmon was pretty nice. I took my younger brother along, it's been awhile since he last been here, and he really liked the atmosphere. We picked up some salmon and tuna for our parents and two fresh French breads too! My mom loves their fresh breads. We were in a hurry, if not, we would have gotten some of their gelato! I've never actually tried them, but I heard it's delish! I've been to their sushi restaurant with my then boyfriend, but now fiancé. I really liked the sushi rolls and fresh salmon. Joe Patti's is a must if you want quality and decent priced seafood.
We had heard that the seafood markets in Pensacola are great and decided to gamble a trip from Gulf Shores AL on this advice. And let me tell you it was well worth the effort. Firstly when you walk in the place you know you are in a good fish shop in that the shop smells clean. The long counter shows a massive variety of seafood, and it all looks clean and fresh. This is probably because there are a lot of people buying seafood here and so there is little opportunity for anything to sit around for long. We ended up buying snapper fillets, shrimp, clams and muscles (fish stew for dinner). We also stocked up on oysters (4 doz for about $20). There were other areas in the shop - a sushi restaurant, a deli - and I expect these would be worth a try. Perhaps next time. Great place. Well worth a drive.
Wow!  If this place doesn't have it you probably don't need it!  Incredible selection of seafood.  A frozen section like no other...would you like some alligator and pork sausage along with those beautiful crab claws?  Done!  Beautiful gourmet cheeses, sushi bar, beignet place outside.  Almost too large a selection to get through!!!
Wow oh wow oh WOW!!! I've been to Patti's now two years in a row since I have been vacationing in the Pensacola area and a 'Joe Patti seafood night' has become the highlight of the tour for me and my family. Crab claws (fingers), fresh oysters, octopus, smoked yellow fin dip, and gulf scallops were on the menu for this trip and I simply died and went to food heaven. Thank goodness for Joe Patti's seafood!
Always have to stop in for sushi when in the area! So good, so fresh, and large pieces of fish. I'm in heaven. Grab a cold Sapporo from the attached liquor store and sit outside to eat!!! Also great prices on Grouper.... No crazy markups like you will find at other local fish markets. Oh.... And great deli too. Bring a cooler and stock up!
This place was awesome for lunch.  Fast and friendly service mixed with great food.  My only regret is that we didn't try dessert.
My Aunt brought me here a few years ago before I started using yelp. This place was amazing. Wonderfully fresh veggies and seafood and a great foreign food and wine section. They had a deli, gelato stand and much more inside. Wish I lived closer!
This place is AWESOME! Great selection for reasonable prices. I thought it was expensive because I bought bulk but after breaking down the price, it was around the same for FRESH fish here! Lots to choose from: Grouper, Salmon, Oysters, Snow & Blue crab meat and snow crab legs & vrab cakes premade in their freezers, Tilapia, Tuna, etc... There is also a gelato place inside the souvenir shop. There is also a restaurant with sushi. There's Amy's Wines which had a wide variety selection of wines for a great price!! I didn't get to view everything cause I was in a rush but I definitely can't wait to go back!!! Love love love!!!
Wish we had found this gem earlier on our vacation! There are 2 locations - a seafood market and a restaurant/deli. The locations are just a block or two apart. The seafood market has tons of fresh seafood - they will steam your lobsters and shrimp for you, you can get coolers and take seafood on ice.  There's also sushi, gelato, gourmet deli and desserts at this location. The restaurant is separate, but sure to offer delicious foods from the market...I was looking forward to the lobster Mac-n-cheese, but we were in the market rather than the restaurant so we had sushi instead. We will definitely go back anytime we are in Pensacola!
I wish there were more places like this left in the US, rather than chain grocery stores. Excellent assortment of local seafood. The freshness and quality goes unmatched here. In fact, many of the local seafood places we ate at on your vacation in the region told us they purchase their fish from Joe's. Whether a local on passingby, a walk through Joe's is an experience, showcasing much of what's caught on the Gulf Coast. Excellent assortment of fresh fish, salads and a good deli.
Oh my gosh I love this place!! This place is seriously dangerous for me to be! Lacy helped me with all the fish, shrimp, & crawfish I could afford & was super! Mr Patti himself was up calling out service numbers & was the one who cut my tuna for me. Super nice guy & even threw in an extra piece for free :) He also directed me to their on site chef who gave me ideas on how to cook it! They sold two pounds of crawfish from the Nile river that I wasn't expecting to buy because I got to try them. This place is so much fun you gotta give it a try! Defiantly worth the 30 min drive to get here!
The ONLY place I will buy seafood!
This is a review for sushi restaurant in Joe patti.  It is horrible!!!!!   It used to be great, but now it is way below average.  Do not waste ur money eating shusi there!!!!
I always enjoy going here.  Fresh seafood packed in ice, and friendly staff. My kid gets free ice cream. The selection is vast and they will fillet what ever you need. You think with all the people that it would be chaos, but they have it under control. I would recommend this place for all, even if you go in just to get shrimp, the experience of this place worth it.
Great food.  Reasonable prices.  Fresh seafood that can't be beat.  Atmosphere is okay.  A place to definitely check out in Pensacola!
Simply the best seafood on the gulf. Get there early to avoid the crowds. So much fresh local seafoods. And if the catch is not local they don't hide it.  We plan vacations just so we have enough time to come up the pan handle and make a stop before heading home.
Love this place. I can't say enough about it.  The seafood is fresh and tastes amazing. Prices are good too. They also have a wine shop and a sushi place (using their fresh products). This is a must if you are visiting or live in the area.
Freshest sushi I've had in pensacola. Probably helps it's inside a fresh seafood market. Has a great selection deli, a gelato bar, small seafood preparation themed grocery store, wine shop, coffee bar and a fresh Pastry shop inside.
This place is a Pensacola staple. It is a great seafood market with wonderful variety. They always have the best looking fresh fish and shrimp. I absolutely have to make a stop here every time I come to visit Pensacola. And I usually end up spending quite a bit on some yummy seafood to freeze and take back with me to Colorado! The shrimp are huge and delicious. You just can't find shrimp like that elsewhere, especially not in the Rockies! The Royal Reds are sweet, tender, and juicy-probably my favorite. Wonderful in gumbos, grilled, or as a scampi. The fish is always fresh, and pretty, never funky or weird smelling. They have a great selection of other seafood-whole crabs, claws, legs, lump crab meat, and regular crab meat too. It is pretty impressive. They also have frozen packages of wild-caught crawfish tails which is one of my favorite special ingredients to cook with. Have not been able to find it anywhere else. They also have flash frozen fish and shrimp options too. Definitely be sure to check out the bakery and deli counter in the back. They have great sauces, mixes, and specialty treats. The french bread they sell is amazing too-very crusty and fresh! The sushi counter is delightful as well. If you are into sweet things, the gelato is to die for, and I have heard the beignets from the food cart out front are pretty awesome. I have yet to personally try, though several people have told me they are great! Definitely stop in and check out this Pensacola landmark.
Upon arrival in a party of 6, we were told there were no tables to accommodate us, we'd have to sit across 2 tables. There were 4 4-top tables empty, we were allowed to sit at them but could not put 2 together to seat us, even though we used 2 tables. In service of the food, the 2 salmon dishes were served almost 10 minutes before everything else. The food itself was pretty good, not outstanding.
Perhaps my most interesting food market experience.  Buy fresh shrimp, have them steam it, and eat it outside on a picnic table.  Quite a treat.
Fresh seafood heaven, at the best prices!
Hands down, the #1 spot in town to go get fresh fish/seafood.
It's an institution in Pensacola. This is really more of a seafood store than a restaurant but we made it wok. Shrimp is steamed and seasoned for free so go choose your favorite type- at least 10 different sizes and types- and then go find the rest of your meal. We bought a loaf of homemade bread, some cole slaw, marinated veggies and had a feast. Shrimp was very fresh and wonderful. Seating for eating in is very limited and can use an upgrade. Please, please provide some napkins and somewhere to wash your hands for those that choose to eat on site.
Really fun place and very easy to go crazy:-).  We got plenty for a crab boil, grilled shrimp and fish...can hardly wait for dinner tonight!
Oh my goodness, where to even begin. This seafood selection here is so vast and expansive that I had no idea where to look first. There were so many different types of shell-fish and seafood that I had to take multiple double takes. Unfortunately, my visit to Joe Patti's shop wasn't a long term one so I wasn't able to take any of the seafood home to cook.  BUT I was told that I could select a pound or so of any of the crustaceans and that they would steam it in a bag for me on the house with cajun spices and lemon!!! WHAT?!   I was recommended the Red Royals and boy were these shrimp delicious. It tasted like baby lobsters and for less than $7 a pound, I could easily eat those gigantic babies daily. Fresh seafood cooked at a warehouse price, yeah... I would come back to Pensacola just for this shop. Scout's honor! P.S. They also sell fresh cut sashimi in the back of the warehouse *drools*
Seriously one of the better sushi places I've been to. The sushi was much better than I expected and the portions were generous. I would recommend this place if you happen to be in the area and want some good sushi but dont want to break your wallet.
This review pertains only to the restaurant, not the market next door which is fabulous. The restaurant could use refresh and redo. I expected to see some high quality seafood dishes on the menu, however it was limited to basically several kinds of fried fish. I have nothing against fried fish, but I was not in the mood to eat anymore fried food on this trip and was looking for a grilled or blackened alternative. So if you come to this restaurant expect to be eating fried food as your only options. The kids meals were $5 each it consisted of 4-5 shrimps and a side. I tried the seafood gumbo which was very good and saved the meal. Also the service was excellent we had an Asian waitress was extremely attentive and eager to please. I wound up ordering the salmon salad which was the only grilled option on the entire menu. The salad was served in the plastic bowl and was small portions and just okay. We also ordered the boiled popcorn shrimp salad. Several of the shrimp or not de-veined and it was also a rather small salad that was nothing to write home about. The kids enjoyed their fried shrimp which look good and decent size shrimp. With so many seafood alternatives all over Pensacola I would skip this place. If you do get a chance to go to the market is quite a sight to see and definitely worth the stop.
It's not a trip to Pensacola Beach without a stop at Joe Patti's. I come armed with a couple of seafood recipes and when I get there check out the selection and make my decision on what I'm cooking right then and there. Have only had one miss with a pint of crab claws that were less than fresh. When we returned them the next day the staff, manager (owner?) were rude and did not want to replace them insisting on only giving us our money back and intimating that somehow we were trying to pull a fast one. That was off-putting but we've since returned (which is not my usual MO). But, watching a worker cut my tuna steaks to order, awesome. What, you'll steam the shrimp or lobster I just purchased so I don't have to do it at home?  You betcha'.  We've also bought red snapper, monk fish, grouper, lump crab and salmon to name a few. Their calamari salad is to die for and we ALWAYS buy 2 containers. My sister from Atlanta went there with us. She has an incredible sense of smell and a lot of places and things take her over the edge!  The thought of going to a fish market left her less than thrilled. She was pleasantly surprised at how fresh JP smelled. It can be a zoo during the season but the variety and quality is well worth the trip.
Holy seafood batman they have everything! I had the pleasure of visiting Joe Patti's while visiting my aunt in Pensacola. I like seafood but given the choice I tend to go with something that lived on land. Also I've never said to myself "what's good at the fish market today". With that being said, I highly recommend going just to get a glimpse of the amount and variety of seafood that is available! They had everything I could think of! from sushi grade tuna to tilapia they had it all! Now, I didn't buy anything but my aunt bought some shrimp for tempura. The resulting dish was amazing! Well, my aunt is a good cook but I feel that the quality of the shrimp had a significant factor in the way the dish turned out. Anyway If you find yourself in Pensacola take a trip out to Joe Patti's
Great, great, great!!!  If it comes from the sea, any sea, Joe Patti's has it or will get it for you.  For me the drive is about on hour one-way and worth every mile. This past week I made a purchase of crabmeat (not a shell in two pounds of picked meat), some beautiful brown shrimp, Cobia and grouper.  My football people over for the games raved about the freshness. A little secret?  They serve some pretty great sushi too!  The atmosphere is definitely not "date night" material, but the bites are right up there with some of the best I have had. Patti's is a local institution, but they do a great job balancing the tourists as well and educating their customers on preparations as such. This will be my go-to place when putting up my seafood for the winter.
Dear god I love this place!   Even if I am not buying anything, it's amazing to watch the boats pull in with the fresh fish on board.   The energy of the workers, the people buying --- it's just a buzz'n There's an older man at the door who hands out numbers - I have been told he was friends with my grandfather, but I have never asked.   They have great selection of wine and other stuff to go with fish and seafood.   If you are ever in Pensacola - stop by to just watch the action.
I went after church last sunday Its a excellent fish market,the gumbo taste like trash maybe its because my family from new Orleans and I know what good gumbo taste like but I have friends who never been to new Orleans and they make better gumbo EVEN Zatarain in your frozen part of supermarket taste more like the homemade gumbo. .remind me of the fish market in new York but only cleaner.
Seafood market and take out!  The staff are all super friendly as we ordered tubs of premade - Lobster salad, crab salad, red crab dip with fresh bread, 5lbs of seasoned and boiled shrimp, gumbo soup and clam chowder... We had 4 cars full of family members that drove from our hotel in destin to Pensacola.  We bought lunch and ate outside on the patio.  It's not a restaurant but they do have napkins, plastic utensils and the staff were nice enough to give us small plastic containers to use as bowls.  Bring a small cooler as you will want to take some stuff home! Boiled shrimp is cooked by the pound and you take it out hot in a plastic bag.  The deli/ salad bar has another register counter and one side has all fresh seafood/ fish and also frozen seafood/soups - you name it!
Joe Patti's is one of those places that you just have to go while in P-cola. The seafood is top notch and very fresh. Pricing may appear a bit high end, but you definitely get your dollars worth. What you wanna do is bring an empty cooler during your visit, leave it in the back so they can hold it for you ... then pick out all the seafood you want, Shrimp, Caribbean grouper, Swordfish, Scallops, Octopus, you name it, they have it... when you are all done, just bring your items to the back and they will drown it all in ice for you inside your cooler and even carry it outside to your car. cant beat that.
What can I say, for all your seafood needs and good prices also. We just love coming to this place to purchase fresh seafood and also to enjoy their wonderful sushi restaurant in the back, between the atmosphere and the sushi I just can't contain myself when I visit. So do yourself a favor, if you have a hankering for some of the best sushi and are having a fish fry, this is the place to do it.
We picked up some shrimp and fish while visiting and decided that we'd have to go back and fill our cooler on the way out of town. I'd be there at least once a week if I lived in the area. Very highly recommended.
If you have never been to Joe Patti's expect your first experience to be completely overwhelming. However, the staff is friendly and helpful. Me Patti himself has even cut my tuna filets and included an extra piece just for my son. The fish is fresh and delicious and listed at a great price!  Go there every chance you get.
if you are visiting Pensacola you have to stop by Joe Patti's!  I am ashamed to say as a Pensacola native my recent visit was my first.  I guess my dad always went there to pick up fish without me.  Well I moved away to go college in the late 80's and just returned to Pensacola for a job.   There is so much energy in this place you just want to sit back and watch it all.   They must have every type of fish you could want; they even have mullet.  I know most people hear the name mullet and they think bait fish.  But as I mentioned I am from Pensacola, lower Alabama, and there is nothing better than fried mullet.   Oh the reason I stop by Joes, was to eat at his restaurant on C street.  I have been there many times and this restaurant serves the freshest fish at the lowest price. One more thing, there was a food truck in the parking lot selling beignets and hot dogs.  The beignets were very good and the hotdogs were deep fried.   Very good!
5 Stars for both the market and the sushi bar. Biggest and best seafood market on the gulf coast. They stock an enormous selection of locally caught fish and shellfish. They are one of the few retailers who regularly stock some of the lesser-known, but excellent, gulf fish like trigger, cobia and wahoo. They of course also have the more cosmopolitan grouper, snapper, and tuna. They have a wide variety both filets and whole fish. They also carry a number of non-local species, cod, haddock, salmon, to name a few. The shrimp selection, is second to none. Service is always quick and friendly. The gourmet market and bakery is also top notch. But the main reason I go there is for the sushi. The sushi bar isn't going to win any points on atmosphere. But, all that awesome fish in the market is going to good use. They have a nice selection of Americanized rolls and the prices are unbelievable for the quality. We're talking supermarket "sushi" prices for some of the best freshest fish money can buy. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome.
Joe Patti's makes me homesick for Pensacola!  I can always depend on Joe Patti's for the freshest seafood at the cheapest prices!  How do I know the seafood is fresh?  Have you seen the boats out back??? The heart and soul of Joe Patti's is Mr. Frank.  Mr. Frank prides himself on providing quality seafood to the residents of Pensacola.  If you see him on the floor take the chance to speak with him!  He is one of the most interesting men I have met and has tons of great stories to share. There are so many treats to purchase at Joe Patti's: fresh fish, sushi, soups, dips, gourmet cheese, and prepared meals.  If you live in Pensacola or are just visiting stop by Joe Patti's for the most wonderful seafood experience!
You're in a VERY crowded place... It smells like seafood, people are yelling "It's my turn", "That's me", "that's my number". Joe's Brother, Wally, is chiming in about the well dressed lady at the counter on the mike, and they are selling begnets in the parking lot that are Bavarian filled.... YES! Bavarian filled! You, my friend, are at the nationally reknowned "JOE PATTI'S"! You can find anything that has been in the water here. Scallops the size of a toddlers hand, shrimp that are the size of my iphone, and other fantastic fish like grouper, redfish, & swordfish. Bring your cooler... They'll keep it until your number is called. 1. Browse: This step is important. If you get a number prior to browsing, you're gonna make some people mad. This is some fast paced stuff, Jack! 2. Get a number from the security guard: Yep, security guard for all the number stealers out there. 3. Wait for the staff to call your number: Don't him-haw around, they will go right past you if you do. BE AGGRESSIVE! 4. Get your order: pretty easy and self explanatory. 5. Bring your order to the back counter: This is where you'll pay, have it packed into your cooler (which is waiting back there already) with some dry ice, and off you go. Pick up some home made begnets for the road. Bring your patience, these take time-but, so worth it!
Awesome seafood and dips.  Gotta try to clam chowder and red crab dips.  So much crab, it makes me wanna slap yo mama silly!  There is an outside patio to grub down right after you check out.  See food seafood, eat seafood...done deal.
Joe Patti's is a "must" when family comes to town. It is not only a place to get great seafood it is an "experience"  They also have wine store, bread, Gelato which my son loves I highly suggest you pay them a visit.  If you are traveling they even pack your purchases on ice/ for a small fee I think ??  but so worth it.
I love this place.  I scored on 2#'s of shrimp ($6 per pound) had it steamed and spiced and had a feast at my room.   If I lived in Pensacola I'd be here all the time for my seafood.   Next time I'll get more shrimp, a loaf of fresh sourdough, and a bottle of wine all of which can be bought under the same roof.
If your from Pensacola or the area up here, then there is no need to even review or read a review of Joe Patti's. This historical seafood icon of the area, is Pensacola's, Fulton Fish Market wrapped up in a smaller package, except without the mob! For those who are not familiar with the area, Joe Patti's is a carnival of seafood, and gourmet food selection. If your a foodie you want to go here. Joe Patti's always has a fresh selection of seafood. There service is excellent, although once I got dissed by the wine girl, I just now choose to shop else where for wine! I find myself just watching the people who come and go in Joe Patti's, the customers are as gracious as the employees. And, the employee's are sticklers to quality!
If you're looking for fresh seafood THIS is the place to go! As you park you'll notice a small pier on the side of the building where fishermen/women and shrimpers dock their boats to unload the seafood. The smell is quite overwhelming at first (especially once you walk inside) but after a few minutes you get used to it. If you already know what you want then quickly grab a ticket because this place can fill up in the blink of an eye! On the right (after you walk in) you'll find a bakery selling fresh baguettes, italian rolls, etc. There's a Boars Head deli section, fresh cheeses, and a variety of olives that you can sample before you buy. This store has just about every hard to find item you may be looking for (mostly imported from Italy and Greece). Towards the back of the market is a small produce section where you can pick up limes, chives, or tomatoes to go with your dish. Their fridges and freezers are filled with anything from pre-made crab cakes, dumplings, to fresh made pasta! Last but not least there's a delicious sushi restaurant in the back (where you KNOW the fish is fresh!) and a wine shop directly adjacent to the fish market. So if you want to make a delicious yet simple seafood dish, this is definitely the one-stop shop! Oh and I almost forgot to mention, they carry gelato too!! Every time I'm in Pensacola this is a must to visit! :)
As fish mongers go, I'd be willing to compare Joe Patti's with any other merchant in a comparably-sized metro area, anywhere in the world.  Joe Patti's would still be exemplary.  From a wide selection, to high quality, to reasonable price, the conventional wisdom is "Pick any two, because all three attributes are impossible."  At JP's, I think all three are blended well and the place offers a unique experience in our area. In the last several years, I've developed a palette for mullet.  I have no idea why, because growing up here, the only way that I knew people to eat it was smoked.  We generally just used it as bait.  At Patti's, there are numerous options for how you can get your mullet.  With backbones or without, skinned or not, the black stuff removed or not.  Each step costs additional, but I think that the skinless, clean fillets are like $1.29/lb.  That's what they were the last time that I got them.  If you've never tried mullet, you should.  They taste a helluva lot better than catfish, but I'm partial to salt water fish.  Or brackish water fish.  Whatev. Always a great selection of shrimp...Royal Reds, bay shrimp, Gulf shrimp, 12-15 size, all the way up to 60+ cocktail size.   I've seen people on Yelp concurrently bitching about salmon at $11 a pound (for example) at Joe Patti's, while they praise places such as the Fish House or Flounders.  A)  Salmon is not a native species for Pcola...go where salmon are local and plentiful and try to buy a pound of Royal Red shrimp...get back to me on the price.  B)  The Fish House and Flounders sell $5 worth of fish for more than $20.  The indignation about JP's prices is disingenuous.   The gourmet foods store, bakery, deli, wine shop, and sushi counter are all superlative.  You really can make this a one-stop shopping trip, if your main course is seafood.
i would move to pensacola just for this place. Try the royal reds (they're these huge shrimp that taste like little lobsters) dipped in butter. joe patti's has directions how to cook them on their website. just boil them. sooooo good. fresh breads too and sushi made to order in the back! this place is ridiculous. i wish we had one in new orleans.
If you're a foodie, you can't go to Pensacola and not go to Joe Patti's.  I mean... it's just not possible. The seafood is fresh and fairly priced.  The gourmet market is fun to peruse.  The sushi bar in the back is what brings this up to 5 stars. You don't get fresher sushi, anywhere.  Not alot of frills with the options, and if you don't eat raw fish in your sushi, this isn't really the place for you.   We picked up some royal reds (gulf shrimp) and priced out some fish options.  One other nice thing about this place is that they really know how to handle that fishy fish market smell.  It's there, but it's not overwhelming. A good spot for locals and tourists alike.
Best fresh seafood on the gulf.  The prices reasonable and customer service mostly exceptional. We have watched joe patti's grow from a good seafood place to opening a liquor store, then italian grocery (and bakery), to now having a dessert bar with some of the most delectable desserts I have found and sushi bar.  The raw seafood can be steamed for free - a system which has grown complicated the last couple of years.  on ice? with lemon? what type and how much seasoning? You can now call ahead and they will have the order ready when you get there.  Some years I will admit that joe patti's has been average - but most of the time it is exceptional. I have to wonder if some days the seafood isnt' as good as others - but i have never been dissapointed.  There is a restaurant on property that is a little seedy but reminds me of something i would have seen years ago. The food is good, but most of the time we just do joe patti's and market to go.  By the way the fruit stand out front is worth a stop in. It is always ready to eat and tasty.  You never know when JP himself will be calling the numbers and keeping the crowd laughing.
Before we drove back to Ohio after our week in Pensacola, we knew we wanted to bring some delicious Gulf seafood back with us - and I wanted time to ponder my choices. So we stopped in to check it out, with a local who said she craves the sushi rolls they make at the little tiny counter in the back. So we walked around, and looked at the dozen and a half types of fish (mostly locally caught, it seemed) and then ordered our sushi. The rolls were delicious (I forget what I had - but between 6 people, we had at least 5 different rolls, and we were all happy). Came back the next day and loaded up on fish. The staff was very friendly and they were awesome about double bagging, asking about the length of our drive, the type of cooler we had, the amount of ice required to keep everything, etc. and they offered us an extra bag of ice - to be on the safe side - we didn't even have to ask, which I think is good customer service. So far, we've enjoyed some of the fish, and it's all been great quality - far better than the local options! Big fan, and so, if you are in Pensacola, and you don't catch as much as you want when you go out fishing (like we didn't), this is a good back-up alternative. And you can lie like I do, and just say you caught them yourself.
Live lobster are the best here and also the steamed shrimp. The french bread are the best with their seafood dip or garlic dip.
Recently stayed in a P'cola Beach condo and picked up many excellent pounds of gulf shrimp (is there any other kind?), yummy deserts, wine and much more, then more pounds o' shrimp! There is everything at Joe Patti's for your sea"foodie" needs! This is the best seafood store I've evah been in! Sorry Maine!
The. Best. Seafood. Anywhere (well, you know what I mean). WOW. Night #1 Oysters, delicious, tasty, yum yum yum. Night #2 Trigger, tasty, yum yum yum. Night #3 Crab, delicious, tasty, yum yum yum. : - ) Seriously, crazy fresh seafood and more, deli, foods, breads, spreads, salads, dessert, wine...
Picked up some of the Royal Reds shrimp.  Sautéed them in butter and Oh my, they were the best.  May try the scallops this week end.
1 st time I've been to a fish mongers.  I was impressed with the quantity of species to select and the quality.  I was disappointed in the tuna sushi I got -  seemed like they used can tuna! will get crab shrimp and scallops again....  I'll do the cooking at home.
So many fish. So little time. Definitely the cleanest and best variety of a fish market that I've been to. Prices were pretty reasonable too. The product is so fresh that the place doesn't even smell of fish. They'll pretty much do anything that you want to the whole fish (fillet, bone, scale) in any variety. We got some pompano and rock shrimp - and they both were downright amazing.
I LOVE this place! People who live in Pensacola - I'm so jealous that you have access to such great seafood! We had to come here twice because we just couldn't get enough of it. We purchased fresh (just caught the same day!) big clams, little clams, humongous scallops, shrimp, and crab claws. What's great about this place is that they can take the seafood you purchased and steam it. They add old bay seasoning and make it to your level of spiciness. We ordered it spicy the first time around. But, the second time around, we decided to opt for the medium spice, so that it didn't overpower the flavor of the seafood itself. It was terrific both times. In addition to the fresh seafood, they had a sushi bar towards the back. The sushi wasn't as great because the rice wasn't made well. But, the freshness of the fish was still apparent. So when we ordered it sashimi, the tuna was fresh, firm, and melted in the mouth. Just a little bit of soy sauce and wasabi was all it needed. Not to be outdone, this market also served the most delicious clam chowder I've had in my life! No joke. It's like they took a bucket of shucked clams (with all their juices) into a pot and added cream, potatoes, and other goodies to make a serious chowder.  The chowder tasted so sweet from all the clam juice. This was by far my favorite thing at Joe Patti's. I was so sad to leave this place. But, we purchased some more of their fresh seafood to bring back to Houston. They offer coolers to pack the seafood, and placed ice over it so that it can stay fresh for the trip back home. Their guarantee is up to 48 hours before the freshness of the seafood is compromised. I'd say that's fantastic!  I'm so glad I got to takes some Joe Patti's home with me. Until we meet again....Sigh.
Big big BIG selection of seafood.  Great prices.  Kitsch gift items, of which I bought several.  There is a sushi booth in the back.  There are giant shrimp and commercial fishing boats parked alongside. Everyone must go to Joe Patti's at least once.  People with families or groups can make a worthy outing of it!
I'm gonna start out by saying that Gulf Shrimp is the worlds best shrimp hands down. :) And Joe Patti's always has plenty of it hanging out for purchase! We go here and get seafood at least once a trip and we go yearly. This time we scooped up 5 pounds and took them back to my in-laws and boiled some and grilled some. Not only are these shrimp fresh but they're tasty as all get even just boiled in a shrimp boil. This joint always has fresh awesome seafood on hand, how could they not with the boats right out back? LOL Joe Patti's is definitely a huge blip on my seafood radar! They also have a small restaurant where you can find your favorite seafood delights cooked the right way and always tasty!
We arrived in Pensacola Dec 2010 and did not find out about Joe Patti's till January, so sorry to have missed a month of Joe's we take any visitors we have to Joe's it is a not to miss stop. Pick out the seafood you want to cook or they will steam (shell on items) free of charge. Add fresh baked bread from the deli side (restaurant par baked breads but good ones and cheap: $1.50 whole grain batard. Try it with their roasted garlic (less than $3) The Deli has cheeses and meats and spreads and sides (olives n such). The Boar's head meats and cheeses are cheaper here than any of the grocery stores. Try some prosciutto wrapped grilled shrimp, grill some lemons and serve with a fresh salad. And all the fix-ens are from Joe's. Cannot beat it. If you have never had Royal Reds (Florida Shrimp) they are the sweetest and best shrimp, great for skillets.
I had to add an update about Joe Patti's today. We actually stopped by for LUNCH! It turns out that Patti's has a sushi bar tucked in the very back corner past the fish, and to the left of the cashier. The sushi was fresh, but I didn't particularly enjoy their menu very much. My wife & I are kinda "wimps" when it comes to sushi - I like my shrimp tempura & cream cheese, and I love "sauces" on top! Oooo - and yummy spicy crab mix. Anyways - Joe Patti's just didn't have a lot going on in that "yummy" department. The sushi was very streamlined & simple...any probably better for us, but just not my kinda stuff. But you hardcore veggie eaters would love it! Now -- the one good thing I can say about their sushi bar - it was CRAZY CHEAP. I'm talking $5 for a sushi roll. Great prices!
The best place for seafood. You can buy fresh lobster& shrimp and they can cook them for you in 15 mins! make it spicy, it's super good. "The best seafood is fresh, and prepared in such a way as to accent the natural flavors of the sea without overwhelming them" - that's what Joe Patti's Did.
JP's has the freshest seafood you'll ever find unless you catch it yourself.  It is ALWAYS busy but the efficiency of the management and staff is better than you could ever expect for an operation of that size.  Even if you don't buy anything, it's a treat just to go in and watch the dexterity of the people behind the counter getting your seafood for you all the way to check out where they steam it for you to your spiciness specifications.  Prices are more than reasonable.  Folks come in there with huge coolers to stock up.  If in Pensacola, don't miss this icon.
Being from Hawaii my fresh fish expectations are HIGH. Joe Patti's did not disappoint. Made my own poke from the Ahi it was that fresh!  Royal Reds shrimp were sweet and peeled for my convenience. Crab legs also amazing!  They have it all here. Packed but efficient service and friendly workers.  Worth the drive.  Best Seafood in Panhandle...
Joe Patti's is probably the cheapest and freshest place to get seafood in Pensacola. My family usually goes once a month to stock up on our seafood supply in our freezer. On our last visit, we bought 2 ribbonfish, 3 pompanos, 1 amberjack filet, 2 squids, and a bag of clams for only $40! What a bargain! They also have a gourmet food shop where I occasionally buy some assorted items like their duck pate, and their black truffle pate (both are delicious). The store in the back also has an assortment of imported wines and beers which my wife and I like to occasionally browse. With that being said, I'm a fan!~
Freshest seafood in the area! Staff is very friendly and prices very reasonable. There is a restaurant on site, ana's wine sales, sushi bar, small grocery to complement the seafood then the seafood market which has all kinds of mainly locally caught seafood. Take a number but be ready to go when they call as it moves quickly even when it's busy. I went to order sushi, figured out what we wanted from the seafood market and got a number. We were promptly called on, I was able to get some freshly caught large gulf shrimp, sea scallops and mahi mahi for grilling that night. They even pack it on ice to help you out. Got this and the sushi and got in and out efficiently. The seafood was amazing! If you love seafood and want to dine there or just bring some home to fix this is definitely the place to go. We would go here at least once a week while living here, and bring some back home on ice every trip we get. If you are a seafood lover you do not want to miss going here-some of the best seafood you will find!
There is no better place to get seafood. Everything is seriously fresh and inexpensive. There is a small market type area inside that has some frozen foods, sauces, rubs, and other misc. items. Be sure to stop by the sushi bar too. On the way out be sure to stop by the wine shop too and make the meal complete. This place is part of Pensacola. Tourists and locals all go here to find the best seafood and the best deal!
I heart this place so much.  I live out west but come to Pensacola to visit my brother, and I always have to bring an empty collapsible cooler with me to make sure I bring enough shrimp home to satisfy my seafood cravings.   I'm always astounded by the huge variety of seafood available here.  Shrimp?  Big, medium, small?  With head or without?  What kind? Service can be a bit frenetic if there's a big crowd inside waiting for help, but it's pretty organized and they're fast.  If you let them know you're traveling with the seafood, they will package it for you appropriately. I love you, Joe Patti.
The only reason I won't give 5 stars is because the gumbo was really not that good at all. Nuff said. BUT 5 stars for everything else. This store has it all from gourmet everything to the freshest of sea foods. Gillato and a barista that will make you one of the best cuban coffee's in Pensacola, great sushi bar, wine shop, cheeses from all over the world and great customer service. Could spend half a day shopping around and eating here!
This places reminds a lot like that of Pike's Market. Lots of seafood, crowds of people clamoring each their way in, plenty of touristy foods to add to your catch of day, and definitely not the best place to wear sandals unless you want seawater dripping on you. In light of all that, you know this is the place where the local get their goods and the best seafood for dinner. It can be a crowded mess of fun. Think memories of visiting the aquarium, only this time you get to take home what you see to eat.
Lots to see.   This place has tons of seafood--frozen, fresh, and more fresh stuff.  It also has little boutique foodie shops inside.  And the JP's shirts are awesome.   Make sure to grab a number, if you want to be served at the seafood counter.  This ain't an Asian seafood market, so don't even think of shoving and cutting in front of people. Unfortunately, we were staying at a hotel overnight only, on a roadtrip, so we couldn't really purchase anything even to take back.  :-\   We'll plan better next time! :D
I got Tuna steaks the other night, brought them home and they're the freshest I've ever gotten the pleasure to cook. Love that there's a little deli in there as well!
Wish they still had all the Japanese ladies who made the excellent sashimi and sushi. They are down to one who makes my sashimi et al and wishes my Mom the best. If they lose this last wonderful lady, they may lose me too. I can't believe they lost all the other ladies. Bummer. How do they expect to keep up the good sushi, sashimi and tempura? :-(  Otherwise, Joe Patti's is great for fresh seafood. The little grocery store is terrific for all things I miss at home and at the same price pretty much by comparison in my area plus less tax. Woot!
LOVE Joe Patti's! We wanted to cook some fish for dinner, and this place is the place to go! They have everything you could ever think of. We had such a hard time picking what we wanted to cook that night. We picked up some tuna filets. They were delicious. Of course we couldn't leave without picking up some sushi. So fresh and so good! I can't wait to go back!
Still number 1!  I had my Jonah crabs steamed extra spicy! Awesome! Super friendly staff who love to help you make a selection...the shrimp salad and fresh baked bread remain one of my favorite meals in Pensacola!
Awesome place in PCola.  At first it may be a bit intimidating and busy, but take a look at what you want, get a number, and get going!  Very wide selection of very fresh fish (whole and fillets), crab, shrimp, lobster, mussels, clams, etc.   Also a large selection of specialty foods, breads, cheese, homemade stuff, etc, etc.  This is also the only place in Pensacola I could find spanish chorizo, and believe me, I've looked!
I came here on vacation last summer and I will definitely come back!  The atmosphere is buzzing with energy, the seafood is delicious and the staff is so friendly.  I loved how fresh the fish was and how low priced it was too.  I got scallops and could not believe how big they were!  A great spot!
Always fresh great seafood whenever we come thus direction we stop here. Prices competitive. Sushi delicious!
Must go spot!!! Real true seafood market and they've got any type of fish you could possibly dream of devouring. They've even got all the fixins and fresh baked bread and a great wine selection!!!! Get your number by the man sitting on the stool and quickly get called to place your order. They'll even steam or cook what you want to bring back with you!! Great food. Great pricing and very cool hot spot.
Awesome seafood market! So fresh!! And cheaper crab cages sold here. At least cheaper than Dicks sporting goods. My sis and bro like to buy the fresh seafood to take home and make sushi/sashimi. Very cool atmosphere!! And the lines went quick!
Three stars for the sushi; five for the fish market. This is not so much a restaurant as it is a really good fish market.  With a small grocery store.  And a wine shop. Oh, and a little place in the back you can get sushi for lunch. If we lived in Pensacola, I could definitely see me becoming a regular here for fresh seafood.  For lunch though?  Meh. To me, the sushi wasn't any different/better than other places.  In fact, the little sushi bar kind of seems a little out of place in this fantastic fish market.
This place is like a carnival in itself.  We at at the sushi bar, had cake from the desert bar and ordered from the deli!  We also bought ahi tuna and white tuna to take home!  Fresh and melts in your mouth fish.  Crab in the bucket was fresh!  We also bought 4 dozen oysters to shuck at home!  Really fresh oysters.  The crab salad from the deli-bar was delicious, paired nicely with the hot french bread (fresh out the oven)  I love coming here and will be back!
This is my new "happy place" plain and simple.. I am feeling a little down and out on this Halloween but I pulled myself together, I made myself come to Joe patties seafood and now I'm smiling again :0)
My birthday lunch on our way to Florida.  The staff were so nice and sang a b-day song for me!  Really sweet people! The food was the best!  A nice treat, thanks to checking Yelp for a great local place to go for a birthday lunch! Lots of locals.  The prices are pretty good!
Lobster was great. Red royal shrimp were great!!! Great price!! What else can I say? We will be back...
Just thinking about Joe Patti's makes me miss living in Florida so much. It's a foodie's dream come true. We used to drive to Pensacola on the weekends from Fort Walton Beach area, & this place was a must for us. The fish & other seafood is super fresh, with a nice variety, & there is a little sushi bar inside. There is also fresh produce, a bakery, a deli, a wine shop, and dry/packaged goods including everything from squid ink pasta to lemon curd. We were lucky enough to enjoy fresh hot raspberry beignets from the food truck out front once. Also, there was often a nice guy selling fresh produce, local honey, & beautiful orchids under a tent in the parking lot. It's fun to just come & people watch, even if you aren't planning to buy anything, although it's hard to leave without making a purchase- there is something for everyone here!
Amazing local shop! Great fresh seafood options, a full deli, wine, beer, and great prices! Even when I was in college this place was affordable. They will also steam multiple things for you. Great staff. Always recommend going here.
Great place to eat and purchase FRESH seafood. The moment you walk in you can see all different types of seafood on display. Employees are very nice but make sure you know what you want before ordering. It's a very fast pace, speak loudly when you order kind of seafood market. I love this place , prices are very reasonable . It's kinda hectic with all the people in the market but it is what it is.
This mainly for the sushi restaurant in the fish market. My friend and I decided to visit here to look at the market and eat lunch. The fish quality on the sushi was above average, you can definally taste the freshness of the fish. The yellow tail melts in your mouth, but the tuna could of used a little more work. The rice the sushi was made out of was not as fluffy as tradition sushi should be. The market part of the store has a huge selection of fish. I would say this is a great place to pick up fish, great prices for what they offer.
Fresh seafood, as well as a deli with salads and a little market with hard to find items (dry mustard, LA seasonings). Came here twice on our trip, visited the sushi bar, it was great! Also returned to buy more crab cakes for lunch.
Definitely a local gem, portions were more than adequate, scallops were perfectly prepared and seasoned and staff was friendly and informative. Wish they would let you carry fresh fish through security at the airport because everything at the fresh market looked amazing!
Great, great, great!  I wish I lived around here so I could get seafood from this market all the time.  So fresh and such a great selection.  We ended up at Joe Patti's three of our three days in Pensacola.  Just had to have fresh seafood everyday.  Staff is super helpful and friendly.
Wow this place impressed me. Coming from New Orleans, it takes a lot for a seafood market to really impress me, but this place sure did. The selection was AMAZINGLY VAST, and the amount of fresh local fish made me almost pee myself. It doesn't end there though; the place has dips and sushi and some amazing fresh sourdough bread.
I think this place has been here since the Confederacy lost the Civil War.. its definately worth a visit, Although not as big,  the seafood selection rivals that of Pike Place Market in Seattle.. I bought a few pounds of Ahi Tuna, and it was simply the freshest fish I ever tasted. I now only buy my seafood here instead of a grocery store. Service was fast and friendly, and Mr. Patti himself( I think he fought in the Civil War) cut my tuna.  I will say that I finally had their sushi from the sushi bar at back of the store.. I wasn't that impressed but maybe I'm spoiled at the sushi that Sake Café has in town as theirs tasted a lot better. Other than that check this place out if you havent.
fresh seafood! We found this place after our bad experience at a seafood restaurant called Peg Legs. After eating there, we knew we can cook a better dinner. So we stumbled to Joe Patti's and they had everything we needed! Great price for FRESH seafood! Next time we come back to Pensacola, we will cook our own seafood, and of course, come here!
Wife and I read reviews after getting stung on some well advertised establishments and top place went to Joe Patti. This being sea food our top choice.  We had catch of the day  white fish dinner and was excellent. Fresh fish has a taste that can't be duplicated unless you catch them yourself. Well Joe has fresh fish and plenty of choices.  The eatery was plain but clean, plastic forks and spoons, but  that doesn't change the quality of food. This place is next to his fish house which sells fresh raw fish. Located to the right in a separate building.  They are closed Sunday and Mondays. Truly a place to check out if sea food is your choice. Also employees in both establishments was very polite and helpful. I highly recommend both establishments to everyone.
Had a wonderful experience at the store when Checking out yesterday.  Kat was taking care of me and my daughter, Sissy.  She turns to Sissy and says you look like you could use a vanilla gelato.  What a great girl.  thanks so much. We come to your store everytime we are in Pensacola.   We love all your seafood, the vast variety of condiments.   Thanks so much! Judie F.
Just moved to the area and have heard good things about this establishment.  Went to eat at the restaurant.  Arrived around 5pm on a Wednesday.  Restaurant had closed at 4:30 pm that day.  So we decided to buy seafood and take home to prepare.  We went to the seafood counter to get some shrimp.  There were at least 15 employees behind the counter....standing....and did everything they could to ignore us and avoid any eye contact.  After standing for  5 minutes, we started to leave and noticed some baskets and a person sitting by the baskets.  We were unaware we needed to take a number and get a basket to be waited on.  We took a number and then was waited on immediately. It would have been nice if one of the workers would have told  us we needed to get a number instead of just ignoring us.  We felt very  not welcomed.  You can keep your Joe Pattys.  I'm going to Maria's Seafood Market.  They are always happy to see us and very welcoming!!!!  Boo. Boo on JPs.
We moved here from Seattle, and yeah, it has a bit of the feel of a Pike's Place fishseller's :-)  As everyone else has said, this place is the "fishmarket" gem of Pensacola. One thing about the sushi from the back-left bar, though, I've had it three times now -- yes, it's fairly cheap, and they don't charge premium prices even for hamachi (nice) -- but one of the times the maguro was a little fishy already. Salmon and hamachi were fine. Cali roll was also good. The place is very clean and very serious about keeping their prices low. Would recommend buying sushi-grade fillets to make sushi/sashimi/rolls at home from these people. Very glad they are here.
By far the best sushi i have ever eaten. The seafood here has never dissappointed me. :)
We were on a walk about of the country before my husband starts his new job.  We stopped at many places.  This one we made a point to stop by and buy some fresh seafood before we made our trip home.  The place seems to be well taken care of... and had every fish possible... or so it seemed.  The only issue I had with this place was our lady that assisted us.  When you walk into Joe Patti's, take a number, they call your number and an associate walks with you from item to item... Here's my issue, I asked the lady about the grouper, there were two different kinds... her response.. uh, I don't know.. ok, is the Tuna fresh?  uh... I don't know.. finally what is out of the back of a truck and what comes off the boat... ??!?!   Please train your staff on where the fish comes from and even if they don't eat fish, which is the impression I was getting from this lady.. As we went to check out, we inquired about their oysters, we had heard the ones from Apalachicola were small due to influx of fresh water in the area... and the oysters that were packed in little 2 dozen sacks were small.   The people at the check out let us know their boxed oysters were Texas singles, which made a huge difference, and we bought two boxes.  The check out people were very helpful, even shucked one for my husband to try.  In a nut shell, the place is great for your seafood needs.  A couple of suggestion would be to make sure the "new girl/guys" are trained to know what they are selling, or have them shadow a more experienced person.... and advertise when there is a difference in oysters that are laying out for customers to see... we almost blew off even inquiring/ buying oyster, due to the fact we thought they were going to be the small Apalachicola oysters.... From a seafood lover:  All in all a great place to buy your fresh seafood!!  Prices were pretty darned good as well!!
Great seafood market. They'll steam it up for you right there. Good stuff!!
There just isn't another experience of a Fish Market like this anywhere!!! (Including Seattle's Pike street market)
All I what to say is WOW! From a land locked patron, buying seafood to take home I was like a kid in the candy store. I wanted to take a little of everything home with me. This is the BEST seafood monger I have every been to (and every time we come to the coast we take seafood back so I have tried many). Joe Patti, where have you been all my life and why didn't I know about you sooner. You can thank a young man at the front desk of the Holiday Inn Express on Ft Pickens road for directly me here. I will never stray again! It is a little overwhelming with the number calling and all the selections but Fran helped me make my decisions, without making me feel rushed. I purchased grouper, red snapper and two sizes of shrimp. I had brought my own cooler and a nice young man packed my selections in ice and assured me it would home safely (I had a 10-11 hour drive). Did I mention that the store was incredibly clean- no "fishy" smell at all. Everyone that was working looked like they were enjoying their jobs. I had enough time to look around the shop- I will allot more time in the future. My husband had a coffee while I was shopping- it was delicious and I don't even like coffee. My purchases did indeed get home fine- when I opened the cooler 36 hours later, there was still ice covering the seafood. When I opened the bags, I was surprised that there was no smell, even with the shrimp! I cooked the grouper tonight and it was delicious! I can't wait to eat the red snapper and shrimp! Joe Patti- I will be back!
Great place to get fish. Not too busy just listen up for your number. if you havent tried it try the cajun style crab dip. DELICIOUS! I am only visiting Pensacola for 6 weeks for Navy C school but I will be sure to grab atleast 3 or 4 tubs of the crab dip to put in a cooler and make that drive back out to San Diego......if only they could ship cross country. The only sea food I have had here is the shrimp. They will steam it for you in the back. takes only about 10-15 minutes depending on how much you have and you can even add a little spice and flavor. Over all good place to go. if I were a local it would probably be the only place I would go to get some good fresh seafood. Prices cant be beat.
Love this place. Huge selection to choose from. Must try the sushi bar! What is better then hand rolled sushi made to order in a fish market? Doesn't get much fresher then that!
Love Joe Patti's!  Best fishmonger around
Great selection of fresh seafood. Nice deli style/gourmet grocery. It's a neat hidden gem.
This place is OK but they advertise that all the sea food they sell is fresh and locally caught, THIS IS NOT TRUE!!!!!! I know because my friend works there. Other then that you should go just to say ya went.
Joe Patti's is the Seafood Company that all Seafood Companies strive to be. All kinds of nooks and crannies that get you lost into shopping for all types of things and groceries to pair to your fresh seafood. Even a nice little wine shop. You walk into places like these and prepare yourself because they are all fishy. I don't care if they are the freshest fish - they are all fishy. This place smells incredibly fresh and NO FISHY. I don't mind it, but the girlfriend does, and we were both very much surprised. It's obviously doing well.. There are like 90 people working, and the choice of beautiful fish and seafood is Bar None. You can buy Smelt from the Great Lakes, to Grouper Cheeks, to Peel n Eat shrimp (and have them steam them for you.. with the Fish Boil Seasonings!). The filets of fish are huge, you can buy fish by the whole fish too.. fresh lobster, prepared blue crabs... They really have it all. Why does every beach side town not have one of these? The problem is, it will be hard for anyone to do it as well as Joe Patti does. If I lived in the area, I would shop here at least twice a week. If not twice a day.
Mmmm, monkfish and grouper and escolar, oh my!  And the squid salad with black fungus and sesame oil is amazing.
Love, love Joe Patti's! Huge seletion of fresh seafood and the prices are great!
Best place to buy seafood on the Gulf Coast, hands down. Make the drive and get here.  Aside from a huge selection of fresh seafood, there is a fantastic bakery on site that makes the best french bread.  There is also a gourmet grocery store where you can find all sorts of oils and accoutrements.  YUM.
JP's is the BEST fish market I've ever been to.  Love this place!  If you like fish you like JP's.
I'm not really a regular, but I was there twice while we were in Gulf Shores for vacation!  First time was for lobster, second for fish!  Awesome staff!  Very helpful with local seafood and cooking tips!
Well, everybody kept bragging about this place so finally decided to go try out their restaurant which is kinda on the side. Not a fancy place but thats not the review is about. Its about the food and service. We had a 85 year old guest with us who has lived locally all his life. We ordered gumbo and crab patti and the kids ordered chicken tenders and corn dog. It took them over 40 minutes to bring out our order. Not only that, after 20 minutes of waiting, the waitress came out to tell us that they ran out of crab meat so we had to get something else, so we ordered popcorn shrimp. While were were waiting for out food to arrive, the waitress failed to check on us. Why did she wait that long to tell us they were out of crab meat. We got there around 11:45am and they ran out of crab meat that early? Well, they have a fish market across from that restaurant, whats that good for? So while we were waiting, the kids got really impatient and so out guest decided to go check on the food and as he was walking towards the reception area, he slipped on this weird step they have and fell and hurt himself and cut his hand. They have caution signs posted near that step and we came to know that many people have fallen there including waitresses so the big question is, WHY dont they fix that small step!!!!!!! Anyways, when out guest fell, other customers and staff rushed in to help him get up and provided ice and bandaids to help stop the bleeding. Our guest was bit shaken but was ok. The cut on his hand came from this metal sign near that step. It had sharp edges in the bottom and thats what cut him. Well, our food came in when all this was happening. I had the gumbo with our guest and we both concluded that what we were having was NO gumbo. Had no taste to it at all. My wife got popcorn shrimp and she could not eat them because it was like putting friend dough in your mouth. I tried them and came to the same conclusion. Kids had corn dog and chicken tenders and the chicken tenders had the same 'doughy' taste. Overall, the food and service were a bad experience. The accident was another thing. This review rating is only for the food and service and not for the accident. I hope the management fix that step and avoid accidents that may hurt other customers and their own staff.
I found this place on Yelp and I agree, this is the coolest place in P'cola. It's an indoor seafood market-grocery store-sushi bar-in-one. They sell all sorts of seafood, and they will cut your fish to your liking. The grocery store sells limited but quality items. You can't complete your grocery list here but if you need a thing or two to compliment the seafood you just bought, they'll most likely have it here. The sushi was just okay for me. The mini bakery (tucked in the corner) sells the best key lime pie in town!!
A big selection of fish, clams, crabs and deli items. The price isn't too expensive and they can pack your items in shipping containers to take with you. Very friendly staff. Go there to get the local shrimp and crab. It was delicious!
Joe Patti's Seafood is the best place for fresh seafood in this area.  They offer a wide selection of fish, shellfish and other foods.  There is a sushi counter for Japanese style delicacies, a gourmet food section for fresh breads, deli meats and cheeses, and hard to find items.  Seafood can be prepared numerous ways; steamed, filleted, sushi cut, etc.  An adjacent room houses a wine and beer store.  They will ship items for out of town delivery or package them for travel.  Enjoy one of the unique wonders of the NW Florida Gulf Coast!
My go to place for fresh fish.  It's better than what you get at the supermarket.  Their ahi-tuna is unbeatable!   Prices are good and you can always check on their website for what they have.  I hate the fish smell of the place when you first walk in though.  This place is busier on the weekends.  Cute little sushi bar in the back of the little food store.  Wine shop is located on the way out.  Boars Head meat in the deli, gelato, lots of different grocery items and cooking tools.  Their bread is great.  If you're not sure on how much to get or how to cook it their staff always can offer suggestions.  Great place.
I grew up in SC and ate seafood practically every day and since Atlanta does not have fresh seafood, I wanted to check this spot out to stock up my freezer.  This place is a zoo but I love it!! You get a ticket and wait for your number to be called.  Then you can pick out your selection of seafood  The prices are very reasonable, way cheaper than a grocery store and seafood is very fresh!!!  No fishy smell at all!!  Also This place has a Boar's Head Deli, a bakery, a sushi bar and gift shop.  I also bought a muffaletta that was oh so good.  I will definitely come back to stock up!!
I had to have missed something here. Place is a must go place according to locals. Went for lunch and found a local fried fish place. Had a house specialty - fried mullet which I would not eat in many places and it does not compare to smoked mullet or fried Mississippi River Cat Fish.  The slaw and hush puppies were good but not great. I would go back one more time to try and understand all those that like it  but it is on my over rated list for now.
Love coming to Joe Patti's to get fresh fish and a baguette. Yum!
No better place for seafood! I've never had a bad experience here. Friendly people, FAST service.
BLESS JOE PATTI!  This is the coolest place in Pensacola!  I look forward to every trip I make to Joe Patties and it's the only place I'll buy seafood from.  I love the seafood area, the store part and the wine shop!  The employees rock!  VERY cool place!
I like this place!  They have just about anything you need.  I was able to find a chocolate rum cake and it was priced reasonable.  The store is really big and I could have spent an hour just looking.
A little confusing but great set-up.  Amazing seafood selection.  Would go back in a heartbeat.
A Seafood Lover's Paradise.......if they don't have it, it doesn't come from the sea.  Hands down, best local stop for fresh seafood in Pensacola.  Two thumbs up!!!!
this is not a restaurant (yes there is sushi) but it's a store! ** I got a message that there is a restaurant, I just didn't look hard enough** so maybe there is one...
There's a small wait for the sashimi, but my goodness it's FRESH!  It reminds me of the sashimi I had at the Tsukiji fish market in Japan. I definitely recommend this place!
My husband and I decided to check this place out and we were both impressed. You have your pick of just about anything from grouper to shrimp and many more selections. We are planning to come back and purchase a few things before leaving Florida.
I am visiting Pensacola on business and Joe Patti's came up #1 on Yelp, so I had to try it. There isn't an actual "sit down and be waited on" restaurant, although the sushi bar has a small eating area. I decided to take some sushi and a bottle of wine to go. The sushi is melt-in-your-mouth fresh and the wine is excellent! If I was local, I would love to stock up and cook a big seafood meal from here!
Stopped in this morning to pick up something for lunch. This is an amazing place and worth the trip to even just see it, but the shrimp salad, lump crab claw meat, smoked salmon salad, pasta salad, and fresh hot rolls to put it all in.  Tomorrow is a steamed and cracked lobster day! It's good to know about this place and will be stopping by every time I'm back to Pensacola!
Joe Patti is a Pensacola institution and has been for decades. They have every conceivable kind of seafood and the staff is first rate. I recommend the de-veined shrimp (heads off) steamed, spicy. It'll rock your palate!
Best Seafood around...
The seafood market and sushi bar get 5 stars!! The restaurant across the parkinglot get 2 stars only because the waitstaff was friendly. My hubby and I cannot even believe that these places are related. The restaurant is only open tues thru sat until 4:30pm and serves only fried seafood...WHAT?!? All of that beautiful fresh seafood next door and they will not grill any of it. The menu did feature a "grilled" salmon salad, so we thought for sure they would be able to grill something for us, but no way. We ordered the grouper basket and the grilled salmon salad (the server said it was awesome) so we could share both. the grouper basket is actually 2 flat pieces of breaded and fried grouper that was bland. The tarter sauce was dilly and good. The grilled salmon salad was just weird. The salmon tasted like it was smoked and baked, kind of mushy and covered with dried herbs. No way it was grilled or fresh. Asked the server and she then admited that they do not cook them fresh everyday and could have been cooked days ago... not even sure it was ever grilled. SKIP THE LUNCH HERE!!! Go back over to the seafood market and have the sushi! It was amazing and sooo fresh! We have been sushi eaters for a long time and it was some of the best we have ever had. We bought some beer in the attached wine shop and brought it back to the sushi bar to enjoy!
I'm from the Chesapeake bay and I know seafood. This place ROCKS some of the best I've ever had! And the prices are cheaper than frozen stuff at the grocery I'll be there once a week for sure!
It doesn't get any fresher than this.  I think my sea bass was still wiggling!!
Mind blown
I use their online service. I live in NY state. Everything arrives on time, fresh and delicious! This is great place to buy specialty items that are hard to find in rural areas. I'd definitely keep ordering from Joe Patti's!
The only thing I can say is Joe Patti's has the best selection of seafood in Northwest Florida,   Just make sure you get there before noon,  and don't even attempt to go there on the days leading up to Christmas or New Years unless you don't mind standing in a line that resembles the ones that greet you at Disney Land, but hundreds of people do year after year that how good the selection of fresh seafood is. I would also encourage you to visit the back room where you can buy fresh cut Boar's Head meat and cheese including a lot of imported cheeses,  there is also a large selection of gourmet foods from Italy and other European country's,  they also have their own onsite bakery that turns out fresh baked breads. And last but not least they have a great little wine store located at the back entrance, by they way if you want to save yourself some time they will also steam your shrimp lobster or crabs so you can go directly back home or to your hotel or condo and enjoy your meal,  Joe's will also pack your purchases in ice or dry ice for your trip back home using your cooler or one of theirs.
Love their shrimps and scallops, but skip their shucked oysters. The boxed oysters are OK if you eat it raw but they are too small for cooking. Pacific oysters are the only oysters if you like it cooked.
First let me say that I have been buying from Joe Patti for many years, and have always been pleased with the quality. However, since the oil spill they have chosen to not sell local seafood from the Gulf, but are selling seafood from all over the world. The last two times that I have purchased seafood, it has tasted more like frozen fish that you would get at the grocery store, rather that the fresh seafood that I loved from the Gulf. The final straw for me, came with the oysters that I bought for Thanksgiving, as is my normal. The oyster were unacceptable for human consumption. They were the worst that I have ever had. The texture was if they had been frozen and then thawed out, and had a terrible taste. I threw them away they were so bad. I will not purchased seafood here again, until they return to what made them successful, selling local, fresh seafood. Don't waste your time and money here until they return to selling local seafood.
They have everything!  ...and they'll steam it for you for free!  Not really a restaurant but a must visit for any seafood lover!  They have their own boats tied up outside...what does that tell you?
lots of stuff here. big seafood market. great sushi too
They have the freshest seafood ever! This seafood market is so inexpensive and it is the best place to go in Northwest Florida.
Amazing!  Skip the sushi but go for the excellent fresh fish and stellar key lime pie (best ever). Gelato also great.  This place is a gem. Don't bother with all the tourist traps in Pensacola.  Pick up some fish here and grill out.  Can't beat it.
Not only is their selection of fish, the best in the area, this market is a gem of a place to visit just for the atmosphere.  This fish market has the feel of Pike Place in Seattle and is very photogenic inside.  I was only in briefly with family during the holidays to pick up some seafood for out family dinner.  I plan to go back and spend more time.
Joe Patti's is so amazing!  Not only do they have every kind of seafood you could think of, it is all very fresh, and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  Going to Joe Patti's is an experience in and of itself, seeing all the people and activity going on all around.  The gourmet market is well stocked with treats of all types.  The deli is top notch with all kinds of good quality Boar's Head meats, cheeses, etc.  They even have my favorite prosciutto and cheese stuffed peppers in the jar.  Desserts are also awesome.  The freshly baked bread is amazing, and pairs nicely with their roasted garlic, which you must definitely try a sample of when you arrive.  They make a variety of dips, spreads and salads, favorites include smoked tuna dip and spicy vegetable feta spread.  The wine shop is also tremendous.  And the sushi bar rocks too.  Even if you're only in town for a short time, this is a must do.  Load a cooler up with some delicious seafood and bring it home.
(April 1st) The two rolls I ordered were fresh since the sushi bar is inside of this bustling seafood market. I usually order what the server's fave is so I was happy with the Volcano roll the girl suggested. I was the only one in the little sushi bar area, and it didn't take too long to get the rolls. Too much rice on both, but there was plenty of seafood :) Don't expect a server to check on you or offer you water, you're pretty much on your own. I bought a small container of shirmp pasta from the marketplace and they were okay with me eating it in the sushi bar. The shrimp pasta was AMAZING, very fresh and well seasoned. The marketplace was fun to watch - very busy, good customer service, seafood being restocked constantly. Tons of prepared foods to choose from, reasonably priced and the bread and cheese selection looked amazing - wish I was staying a few more days with a few friends so we could have an incredible cookout!
The restaurant food needs a better chef.  To heavy on the deep fried food and the sides taste like they were out of the can.
Having a sushi bar in a fresh fish market is an excellent idea.  My husband and I ate a few rolls here yesterday, and everything tasted wonderful.  The size of the sushi restaurant is the only thing that keeps this from being five stars for me, I think they need to expand it!  We are definitely coming back here for our seafood and sushi from now on.
awesome market!! and you can really enjoy your day in there!!! the smell...its really bad...because you can smell the Clorox right there at the entrance...combined with fishy smell...Ouch! but other than that.... awesome place!!
