This. place. is. PRECIOUS. This is a great place to go if you're looking for a great gift for a friend with eclectic jewelry/decor taste. This shop features locally made jewelry, yarn, paintings, scarves, and more. It's worth a stop in just to chat with the owner. I can tell she has a real passion for what she does, and it leaks out into her bubbly and upbeat personality.
Okay, remember Paper Sparrow? This is a turn key operation, so if you liked Paper Sparrow, you'll like Anchor #5. Heck, I keep calling it Paper Sparrow any way. But yah - lots of locally made things ranging from wallets to hair clips and scarves. It's like a small version of Etsy. Really cute packaging, too. Some items run a little on the high side, but other items are more than fair. If you're in Troy, check them out. It's a fun site for the eyes, if nothing else.
I absolutely love this gift shop, its probably my favorite place to go and look around. It has a ton of unique jewelry, artwork, indoor plants, t-shirts. This place has it all and its all local people who's products are inside. There are probably 8 or more different venders represented at this location, I love buying creative local products and this is the place that I can get myself or someone else something unique. Everything is incredibly priced, I usually expect the prices to be much higher then they are and get pleasantly surprised when they are affordable and beautiful. If I had enough money I'd come to this shop every day and buy something new because I want it all!
I love this place. The way the store is laid out with it's products is very tastefully done. They have a wide variety of local hand/homemade products that are very unique. Its a great place to pick up gifts for friends and the gal who runs the place is fun to talk to.
Anchor No. 5 is fun, funky, and inspiring.  You feel like you're walking around an Etsy store! The jewelry is unique; a lot of steampunk inspired pieces in stock (my favorite.)  I purchased a chunky necklace for my sister-in-law who lives down south, and she couldn't get over the wrapping/packaging that Petra designed.  She didn't want to open the box and see what was inside, it was so gorgeous!   Some items (the artwork/paintings) are a little steep, but beautiful.  The jewelry and other accessories are fairly priced and totally unlike anything you'll find anywhere else.  The store layout is fantastic, as the owner has a sharp eye when it comes to design.  Items are displayed beautifully!  It seems that each time I stop by, plenty of new items have arrived. Petra J., the owner and designer of many store items is creative and extremely pleasant to chat with. She's always on the lookout for new ideas, and offers the perfect advice if you're shopping for a special friend and have no idea what to purchase.  Oh - and the window decor?  AMAZING.  It will suck you right in.
Anchor No. 5 is my go-to place for all gifts (sorry friends, the secret is out!)! Everything, I mean EVERYTHING is handmade from local artists and there's always new artists in the store on a monthly basis. Petra is very detail oriented and you can definitely tell through her store and products. She's always extremely helpful, bubbly and always warm and welcoming. I see a few comments about pricing- yes, to the average eye it CAN be high- but keep in mind, every item is handmade, one of a kind and made with time and energy. I'd rather get something that has longevity and quality rather than something made in China that will turn my skin blue!
